0 0 Friends Keep giving your suggestions to develop Tiruchirappalli into a Smart City at https://mygov.in/group-issue/smart-city-tiruchirappalli/
0 0 Make Aadhaar Card compulsory as much as possible for any transaction whether related to daily commutation, accommodation, billing, purchasing of gadgets or goods etc. Build a comprehensive online database of Anti-social elements who are involved in any kind of human trafficking to shame them publicly duly linked with their Aadhaar Card as well as extended families Aadhaar Card's as well. I hope a we will see a sharp fall in the cases.
0 0 Modenize Indian Police forces, train them like professionals, not cunning sarkari thullas. Tie-up with NYPD, City of London Police, etc. to modernize Indian Police forces. Do audit of all unregulated brothels. Check whether any illegal activities are happening there or not such as underage minors getting abused and forcibly detained, etc. and then take appropriate and swift legal action.
0 0 i am very surprised that our police is not able to stop such a inhuman activity.
0 0 I MY VIEW IF GOVERNMENT PROMOTE CONTEST AMONG NGOS' AND GIVE THEM AWARD, CERTIFICATE , LEGAL SUPPORT TO THE BEST ACHIEVING NGO/SOCIETIES, THEN THERE WILL BE MUCH PUBLIC PARTICIPATION IN THIS FIELD AND TRAFFICKING CAN BE REDUCE AND PUBLIC AWARENESS CAN DEVELOP.
0 0 Assured food and social security is the key to stop human trafficking. The Human Resource Ministry or a new Union ministry may undertake this responsibility to take up the issue with all the State governments on priority. Appropriate legislations and national / state policy through peoples participation is needed to handle / fighting this problem.
1 0 Please make it mandatory for the police to put the missing people in a centralized portal(Someting Like Khoya Paya).  This is help to trace the origin of the people who are being traficked.
0 0 http://www.stophumantrafficking.com/mha.nic.in not opening
1 0 According to labour law the maximum working hour is 8 hour. where many company working its all employee is 12 hour daily and not even giving them a minimum wages. Please take some action against such companies.
0 0 why all porn site is not get banned? Please ban it completely. It will reduce women and child trafficking. http://bolindiabol.jagran.com/mudda/%E0%A4%A6%E0%A5%87%E0%A4%B6-%E0%A4%A...
0 0 Sharpen law and order and punishment.
1 0 This problem along with dowry (main) leads to female feticide in Haryana. Police Thana dedicated to women started by HR Govt., beti padhao beti padhao are great initiates. More such initiatives on safety of girls and awareness among society to treat girls equal to boys are needs of hour to curb the trafficking from demand side.
0 0 Mr. PM, I want to thank you for the steps like appraising the selfie with daughter by a village sarpanch in Haryana. These small steps can really help to improve the conditions and status of girls in Haryana. One more problem is the eve teasing with girls and it has to be faced both by girl and her family. If you want to see some example, please visit to any college in Haryana, you will find group of boys at each step towards college passing comments on girls.
0 0 Human trafficking is a concept of economics. It has both demand and supply side. I want to start with Haryana (my state), the state with lowest sex ratio in India. Demand for a wife in Haryana is the biggest factor for girls’ trafficking from other states like Assam, Tripura, Bengal, Odisha, and Bihar. We purchase wives for ourselves. The two-facedness of us is that we purchase girl from other states without any discrimination on caste and GAUTRA, yet we are no. 1 in honour killing.
0 0 There should be non bailable offense for these crimes and highest number of imprisonment. Until unless laws wont be strict, Crime will be happen every single second.
0 0 Teach every one how to deal if you are in a situation like this. there must be a help line number where people can call and infirm in case there is any doubt or possibility of trafficking. even a message service to inform help line will do so that, a victim can also send a message to inform. Missing case of Children and young girls need to post in a govt portal and every police station public should have access to it, which will help to track the victims.
0 0 this is the most sensetive problem  in our country.question first is why the less activity to solve the human trafficking problem in our country.i suggest that in country the human right commission right to take activity on HT problem. on the big issue make in UNO.and contribute the legal SIT to taken on charge under the human rights commission to face them guilty people whose crime to be doing their.20.9 million are trafficked in india.
0 0 This may not be that much easy for us at this point of time. But at one point may be after 50-60 years this will defently happen in Developed countrys. This bio-chip helps us to track each human, which will be helpfull for us to track missing people and even criminals
0 0 How about creation of a bio-micro chip?? This bio-micro ship, is to be  injected into humans. For example, for every new born or for every child below 1 yr are to be given with bio-micro ship, which is not harmful but it always produce some signals. Each bio-chip will have a unique code, which always produces signals thru this signals we can identify the missing persons across the globe.
1 0 Human trafficking can only be reduced with the help of technology as below. 1)	Make aadhaar card mandatory for everybody. 2)	If person is missing, police just need to mark hi aadhaar card for tracking. 3)	Make passage through Railway station/bus stands/airport/taxi/state border only after verifying aadhaar and biometric. It hardy take few seconds to reconcile with missing person’s aadhar card. 4)	Track and destroy the begging mafia abducting children for begging.
1 0 Human Trafficking is Man Made. It thrives just because of the greediness of our society and Main contributor to this cause is the Near and Dear ones of the People Trafficked. Until unless strong laws are implemented on ground with minimal litigation, fixing the accountability and punishing them with harsh punishments, Trafficking will continue to thrive. Views and Pain of the Trafficked people must be considered while bringing in a Law than by considering views of Privileged and Academics.
0 0 Introduce People Relationship Management System which can give multi directinal benifit including human traffcking prventation a.	Family Management chain creation & approval with linking to Social Security b.	Marriage & Child Policy iv.	Spouse rights v.	Adopted Child rights d.	National Population theory based on land & resource availability e.	Birth Registration f.	Family Tree i.	Education Management j.	Financial Management k.	Service Management
0 0 Awareness between children and non educated people that something wrong is happening with them. Need national level toll free number to rescue.
0 0 To prevent human trafficking we should have provide Good skill based education, awareness, developed road-rail , shelter, transparency, innovative technology(IT). People learn more and more developed there own idea and views to change the mankind. Work together with one-another so relationship should be more valuable and healthy.
0 0 I am feeling very sad by seeing the child beggar with there mom asking for money basically in railway station and Train. They are working like a job everyday I don't know whether that money will used for good being or worth. But the issue is very big day by day this type of beggar increases. People facing problems during the journey because one after one coming for asking money. Although not only begging also chance of misleading faced by traveler. So gov kindly take action about it. Jai Hind..
0 0 Human trafficking is a menace which should be taken as a challenge by the government.it is Making India as a HUB for Trafficking in the world. Strict vigilance at all points of Travelling i.e....Railways stations and Bus stands at rural India should be manned by the police or intelligence officials. But the opposite is seen done by those who are posted at the Indian Railways stations the RPF . if the RPF does the 51% of it's duty it could bring a Halt in this menace of INDIA.
1 0 Overseas working is one way of human trafficking. House maids working in Gulf are one of human trafficking. In the name maids mostly are engaged in sex trade.  Even countries that are poorer than us (Egypt, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and many more) Don’t send any single women abroad or No maids from these countries. These house maids are subjected to sexual abuse, mostly are subjected to conversion of religion, then radicalized. This is a very serious problem for our the security of the country
1 0 1)To Stop Human Trafficking, we have to first make some strict law against, Prostitution and Child beggars. These 2 area are the main reason for human trafficking. Once we control these two area, trafficking will automatically control. 2) Need keep strict eye on Sea and boarder area, through which human trafficking possible for out side of India.
1 0 Sir, is tarah se Mohammadian ki sankhya sab jagah bahut badh rahi he, Sir 50 saal ke baad hame Bharat me rahena muskil ho jayega. Me Mohammadian ke against me nahi hu lekin ab tu woh log hame saanti se jine bhi nahi de rahe. Sir kal jo Gujarat ke Amreli dist ke Savarkundala me jis tarah se Hindu ko paresaan kiya ho dekh bhi nahi sakte. Ese hi abhi Junagadh dist ke Vanthali taluka me bhi ye log bahut paresaan kar rahe he. Sir request kuchh kijiye. I m not against Mohammedian but want peac
1 0 hamare india me bhi ruel ana chyeye ki koi bhi mardh apni wife per hath na uthaye jese bahar ki country me hota hai india me husbands apni wife ko per ki juthi samjate hai or ladies bhi man maryada or samaj ke dar se avaj nahi utha thi uske liye koi kada ruel hona chye
1 0 law enforcement agencies shall get results and they can further investigate on the basis of the clues so received from face detection software. also the family members of the lost person can also be intimated through sms about possible match so that the can verify and confirm further details.
1 0 while designing the web based mobile app the simplicity and speed be main criteria for maximum participation from citizens in uploading the pics of vulnerable persons. the requirement of registration for persons loading pic of vulnerable person should not be there. I on seeing a vulnerable person/ child should able to upload the pic/details of the person/location without much of time, my mobile no. shall act as reference.....matching with missing persons be done by FACE DETECTION SOFTWARE.
1 0 To prevent Human trafficking a web portal similar to Khoya Paya can act as boon. The methodology has to be simple and user friendly. The missing person details are to be uploaded by the family members directly or by law enforcement agencies. FACE DETECTION TECHNOLOGY can be used to find such missing persons. The mobile users all over india be prodded to upload photo of persons whom they think as vulnerable in their city/locality. location & brief physical features be loaded on mobile app.
1 0 I would like to propose very strategic plan to find out child who have been part of the human trafficking and/or missing/lost for whatever reason. I request active response in order to figure out whether the proposal required further enhancement or it's practically feasible enough to implement. Thanks, Ankit Kotak
1 0 Sir, skilled people could not start their own business due to power problem hours long power cuts. So Un interputted power supply is the only solution for progress of the country More business activities more jobs more home and cottage industry will develop.Thamks
1 0 To stop the human traffic, jobs are created on large scale so that every person can feed their family. creat awareness among peoples about frauds who provide a good opportunity of work. Close all prostitution spots.make a system in which all factories and companies uploaded the details of worker on internet.
0 0 Many of the girls r kidnapped only because of prostitution.u r planning to stop pornography ,we knw this is not easily possible task..but u can stop prostitution insake of girls child..
0 0 After making site ...tell people to upload pics with their area where u saw the lost child or a unknown child or a people who u think is lost. With details in that forum ----- afterall people also have something to do Broken msg ....
0 0 Its important to stop this, some thoughts are coming .which I am sharing 1. Why don't we make a online site in which we make two forums ..one is upload pics of people who is lost ..& in another forum upload pics of people who have found by police . Or in 1 forum upload pics of child who begs at every signal.because at d end this is also a business right. 2. After making the. Inform people to use it. Tell police stations to use site on daily basis.upload pics  survey your near area
0 0 this is about improving our justice delivery system. justice delayed is injustice delivered. there is an urgent need to speed up our justice system. here are a few suggestions 1. courts should not accept complaints below certain grade in financial as well criminal terms 2. these disputes could compulsorily go to an arbitration agency set up specially for this purpose. appeals only should go the normal courts. 3. compulsory time limit for disposal of cases by courts.
0 0 My government should open a portal where all the crimes and corruptions are reported through mobile app. At least government would have a data and public opinion on the same. Government will come to know what is wrong and what is right. And Government will get all information of Crime and Corruption at the lowest level.
0 0 How we can stop this act we cannot know. Because there are laws in India which penalizes is some body does wrong (knowingly or unknowingly). But anybody (Politicians, bureaucrat, Public)who so ever knowingly does not perform and do not do anything then there is no law to take care about. Therefore all suggestion will pay nothing if doing non are also not penalized.
0 0 Human trafficking is really slave trade in disguise. Police alone can't solve it because often criminals grease their palms. NGOs do track them and inform police often leading to arrest. Parents and locals should suspect any boys or girls when they are lured jobs far away. Poor and unsuspecting people often fall victims to their greed.
0 0 adoption  is  used  as  a  tool  by  child  traffickers . TRAFFICKER  knows  that  ADOPTING  does  not  arouse  immediate  suspicion , please  see  attachment  pdf  ,  P D F  ATTACHMENT , this  is  spclly  true  in  bengal  where  a  number  of  incidents  have  been  reported  forcing  even  the  SUPREME  COURT  to  take  steps . children  trafficked  from  villages  of  WB  are  found  across  the  country , many  from  these  village  hav  gone  miss
0 0 every prostitute/child bagger has to produce her/his indentity with parent verification with DNA test done, so all noncompliance will give us list of girls who are victim ..government can immediately implement this so resourceful prostitution/baggers market  using human trafiking  will stop
0 0 prevention from human trafficking is we can educate the girls in 10th standard itself regarding various possibility  human trafficking so they can save them self..like by sharing various incident shown by Savdhan India series on TV (boyfriend sale girl to people running prostitution racket )
0 0 most of human trafficking rackets are run by political leaders of various parties as its not possible that such huge network can be managed by political and government support, as we can see only small fishes are being punished in almost all cases but police never arrest the mastermind...
0 0 To eradicate it, there is need of employment opportunity in village level, so that nobody will be attracted to become rich overnight and nobody trafficked. An incident happened in Odisha recently. We (MEA, DM and indian high commission) care struggling to release a group of 11persons from physical, mental torture, harassment of a company of Malaysia who were trafficked to there. At the same time, another 8 people goes there 10 days back and facing same torture from another company knowing facts.
0 0 New portal shall be introduced to children below 18 years to have active participation of their views with the government in any forms.This will improve the intellectual skills and motivate the parents to involve and participate their children in these forums. Also, children should have rights to post their comments on child labours if they happen to see anywhere.  Nowadays children are more talented than youth making several achievements in small ages.
0 0 to stop human trafficking, there should be annual or biennial practice where the children below 18 register themselves as students or something, to gazetted officers.any child failing to do so should be investigated by local police.this data shall be centrally audited to avoid local corruption.this might save the minorsand force the parents to educate them.their should be real time data sharing with nations.i.d of kidnapped people should reach to foreign coast guards, border patrols, for tracing
0 0 Police always keep record of these beggars., How??? Well its a basic reality becoz policemen takes small bribes from them on daily basis otherwise they r not allowed to beg.. """AND MOST IMPORTANTLY""" ((EVERY BEGGAR AREA IS FIXED)) SO THEY BASICALLY KNOW THE AREA FROM IN & OUT... IF EVEN 1% OF POLICE TAKE HELP OF BEGGARS BY INCENTIVISING THEM..CHILD TRAFFICKING CAN BE STOPPED WITH SURETY..
0 0 The BEST WAY TO FIGHT IT IS BY ENGAGING ""BEGGARS"" THEMSELVES. ITS OLD SAYING THAT ""LOHA LOHE KO KAATKA H"".. A PARTICULAR AREA BEGGAR WILL DEFINITELY KNOW THAT IF ANY CHILD IS KIDNAPPED, he/she will first be made to beg or will be kept at a place where only a beggar sleeps.. QUES IS???  ##"""HOW TO TAKE HELP OF THESE BEGGARS""##???? ANS: THESE BEGGARS CAN BE LURED WITH CASH REWARDS,,PETTY AMTS BY POLICE DEPTT.. POLICE ALWAYS KEEP RECORD OF THESE BEGGARS..
0 0 pgportal ,  ministry  of  women  and  child  development , REFER  :  DOWCD/E/2015/00292 , reference  :  D O W C D  /  E  /  2 0 1 5  /  0 0 2 9 1  , DOWCD / E / 2015 / 00293 , DOWCD/E/2015/00294 , please  look  into  these  complaints
0 0 SIR I HAVE SOME VIEWS IN THE HUMAN RIGHTS OF RESERVATION IN GOVERNMENT JOBS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT ACTIVITIES. SIR NOW SOME BACK WARD CASTS GETTING RESERVATION FOR ALL KINDS OF GOVERNMENT ACTIVITIES. BUT SIR SOME FINANCIALLY BETTER PERSONS GETTING IT NOW.BUT IN FACT 40 PERCENTAGE OF UPPER CAST PEOPLE',THEY ARE ON VERY BACK IN FINANCIAL SITUATION HAVEN'T GET ANY RESERVATION IN GOVERNMENT ACTIVITIES.IN THIS OCCASION SIR PLEASE MAKE A FINANCIAL RESERVATION FOR UPPER CAST FINANCIALLY BACK.
0 0 At Grass root level people have to be educated and awareness has to be created among them also regarding the menace of human trafficking as many poor illiterate people are involved in some or other way in the business out of poverty, compulsions and lack of awareness. So, at that level people needs to sensitized through  skits, plays and short dramas the menace of human trafficking and some of them may even be used as informers to police for information on the gangs working in the business.
0 0 India !....never b surprised if some day it will cum to limelight tat for hefty 3rd grade money earning resource some unscrupulous politicians or police or beaurocrates have strong nexus wit d typical anti-socials, traffickers, terrorists etc. IF HUMAN  OR  ANY  OTHER  KIND  OF  TRAFFICKING  HAS  TO  B  SERIOUSLY  STOPPED  FOREVER  THEN  CLEAN  AND REFORMED  GOVT.  IS  REQUIRED  AND  CORRUPT,  ANTI-NATIONAL  POLITICIANS,  POLICE  AND BEAUROCRATES  MUST B   DWARFED AT  ANY  COST !!
1 0 Create smart police stations and Make Aadhaar compulsory for everyone, Update our national database server with each and every citizen's profile and supply the data to the smart police stations. seal Indian borders with tight security to stop teenagers being exported to arab nations for prostitution. Every hospital in India should be monitored, transplant surgeries should be cross checked thoroughly with details of donors and receptors case file.
0 0 Please update our law to stop the Human Trafficking
1 0 Ban prostitution in India completely and Strictly... Half of the problem will get solve dramatically. If possible ban all the free porn websites. Secondly make the registration mandatory for servants;Home service staff with aadhar no, permanent address proof, bank account details,PAN card no. & birth certificate. Agents and companies must get registered and defaulters must be prosecucated with at least 30 years in jail.
1 0 Human Trafficking = Terrorism. When nations all over the world especially the Countries with so called Veto Power do not get serious about the sanctity of human life than we can not hope for better future. Human Traffickers are Terrorist & they should tried for capital punishment. Strong Laws needed for all Trafficking related Cases(Rapes, Slavery, Prostitution, Drugs etc). No Exception. We can not let them to take our liberty. Human Life is priceless not to be sold. Once gone, can't come back.
1 0 hello sir my self Aman and doing research on Human Trafficking from Banaras Hindu University Varanasi and i just want to say one thing that this HT could not be stop until and unless academicians do something for this because at present demand and supply is going on in the market, more the demand more will be supply and one of the most important thing is that demand is mostly comes from youth for sex exploitation business families for the laboures etc. you can read my views in attached file.
0 0 Sir , Main issue is rehalibtation of the poor..like  in cities, we need domestic help , whom we can send to schoool and take care ..  like i can take one boy or girl  with me to dubai and take care of the same .. we dont have easy and accountable way to do this , pl have soem system with embassy , like i  can adopt a child via  embassy and help giving a good life  to one country man to start with , ogvt to link NRI to develop prog  to control cost  like traing in foreigh .. any govt sponsored
0 0 A Whats app number for every state /Police station/Any other body who can track through GPS   needs to be created as well as a helpline number on which any person who have slightest of doubt that anyone is being  trafficked He/she can reach the Police or dial that number share in the information so that action can be taken
1 0 1. Make a web site where we can upload snaps of beggars (child used in trafficking). 2. Microwave imaging to look inside large truck near Toll Plaza and National Highway. To prevent human trafficking. 3. Dual tracking and monitoring at road and Highways from two different agencies e.g. Army and NIA. 4. Add Prevention of Human Trafficking in Corporate Social Reform, and allow/support NGOs to work in these field.
1 0 Most of Human Trafficking Cases are classified into three category 1. Employment at Low Wage 2. Taking their Biological Organ like Kidney, Liver etc by Five Star Hospitals and giving money for this. 3. Sexual Abuse For first two points generally men/boy trafficked and last point is reason of girl to be trafficked. U just need to crack nexus boldly and once you start this on serious note. Everything will be fall in place.Bring a strong legislation for this first,Then Implement it.
1 0 agar koi Ak be gunha kartahe or sajake bad vohi gonha dusribar kartahe to saja 2 se 10 guna milni chahiye or jab jail se saja puri hoti he to use bata dena chahiye ki aab use aachha 'discount' milega nahi sudhare to! kanun ka symbol bana dena chahioye je se nyay ka he hathme traju or aakhope patti  ye symbol sabhi camere ke nichhe lagadene chahiye taki sabko yad rahe koy use dekh raha he.
0 0 The laws should be draconian enough and it should NOT differentiate between Poor and Rich and people have absolutely no faith in judiciary now until draconian measures are taken. It should be on lines of POCSA so that whether it is a Big media house pimp or NGO they should be incarcerated for long for these horrendous crimes. It should not happen that a Teesta,gets bail on phone, a Salman gets bail for murder, a Tejpal,gets bail for rape while Poor Colonel Purohit is incarcerated
0 0 are not handed over to their relatives for two three days, and many times the organs are found removed. A SIT enquiry needs to be set to break this nexus of Media-NGO-Child traffickers-Organ Traders
0 0 When ABP=Anand Bazaar Patrika is involved in human trafficking, and mostly these poor tribal women and girls are being sexually exploited,including the so called "Top media seculars". Big Hospitals Corporate chains, which have these media nazis in their payrolls are deliberately allowing Poor to die, or are being killed to harvest their organs. The big MNC hospitals specially are indulging in this full time, including so called "Top Notch media advertised", even people who die
0 0 Hon'able Prime Minister The Organ Trafficking and Child Trafficking is a big business not of small time players BUT BIG so called Respectable people in the media and NGOs. I have been working in premier MNCs in India and abroad as an Engineer, and I have seen the so called NGOs (one of them by a ex NAC member and a media house based in Kolkatta the ABP, Anand Bazar Patrika which is placing poor tribals from Jharkhand and openly criminal Bangladeshi criminals as support services
0 0 such children as mentioned above provide a hot bed for traffickers.A special government cell must be created to take care of such children ,in every city,to take care of their food and education.
0 0 We come accross large numbers of children begging on the streets and even sometimes found feeding themselves from the thrown and rotten food in the heaps of garbage. I often find little girls and boys in the vicinity of temples , one place is the lane of Kalibari in Mutthiganj Allahabad. They present a very dismal and painful sight. and the indifference of the people visiting such places makes one ashamed of being called a civilised person with a sense of social responsibility.
0 0 There r three physical need 1 food 2 excretions 3 Sex. A person in extreme need of any of these three need, can go down at any level.Its continuing since ages in every country, society & community. Strictest rule,humiliation or execution of punishment will not cure it. Even Legalising the prostitution will not solve. Few country has done this but it still exists. Only Solution lies with in ourselves thru proper enlightenment & sex education.So get into the route of the problem is imp.
0 0 It is mainly because of the taboo we have in the system. Even govt officials are afraid to talk about it when PM and Ministers don't even touch on the topic if forceful prostitution on young children. Govt should legalise prostitution, make sure everyone enjoys equal rights and protection(even prostitutes and their children). And punish people involving in human traficking.
0 0 It is mainly because of the taboo we have in the system. Even govt officials are afraid to talk about it when PM and Ministers don't even touch on the topic if forceful prostitution on young children. Prostitution has to be regularised and govt should give limited permissions and have a track on people involved in it. Unauthorised forms must be severely curbed and laws similar to anti-black money law have to be created and passed specially focusing on the problem.
0 0 Only aggressive spying in such areas would able to stop human trafficking .Need feedbacks from very poor communities.obviously its not e savvy.so need modules in investigative agencies to report such.For should be allowed in 2 days by emode.Guilty estate should be seized.He sshould be punished.Sir terrorism is not the single thing on which intelligence required .And after being PM n having everything at u r disposal your intelligence system is corrupt or some weak link.
0 0 How can it exist at large without the knowledge of top notch officials or ministers? Redeem the system first.
0 0 Fill the loopholes in education system and generate jobs, if people are able to earn well, nobody would resort to unfair means.
0 0 Dear PM We notice everyday that there are murders by firearms at various corners of India. Where from are these unauthorized weapons sourced & why these elements are protected by political parties? Cant we stop/minimize this menace for a better standard? Can’t we make a law to curb this internal terrorism with iron hands? Are we that docile and ineffective? Do you want we, the normal people, take law in our hand and counter this menace? Please act NOW to stop India from becoming a lawless land
1 0 Sir Ji, beti bacho abiyan to suru Kr di gai hai jisa mai puri support karti hu.....pur vo din kb ayaga jab ap aur hm mil Kr aisa desh bnaya jaha mata pita befikr ho Kr beti ka janam pr kushi manayang, na surachaa ki chinta na dahej ki agar samaj surakchit ho jaya to betiyo ka Liya abiyano ki jarurat nhi...aur iska liya hm sb ki imandar kosis ki jarurat hai...jai hind
0 0 its also the duty of public to be aware of such incidents n perform their duties by infoming the police n must help to stop such kinds of this
0 0 People involved in human trafficking should be severely punished.every one should inform police if they know any child who is being victim of this.more orphanages should be built were government & NGOs should look after these children also suffered(victims) children should get scholarships for education.I am specifically keeping my view on topic of child trafficking.
0 0 the human trafficking is rampant because the pimps can get the customers via the internet for example: http://delhi.craigslist.co.in/search/bts and many more so i suggest that the special police officers appointed under immoral traffic prevention act be trained in the cyber crime or these officers be assisted by trained individuals in cyber crime....
0 1 uske bad maine socha ki ab mujhe train ni mil payegi mai ni ja paunga, phr ek aadmi mere pas aya or bola ki mai apko Allahabad ka isi train ka conform tickit dila dunga mene socha ki shayd kisi kote se kra dega, whi pas me uski shop bi thi mai waha gaya or dekha ki ek dusre aadmi ne mujhse mera details puche jo bi reservation form fill krne me use hote hn, or phir wo gya or bola 10 min wait kriye aap yhi, sir mai bada shok ho gya ki waha to itni jyada rush h ye 10 min me kaise kra sakta h...
1 0 modi sir, apne government ko to ek nayi revolution de di hai, but sir ham public ko kab milegi sir, m aabi Bangalore me hu or aaj mera reservation tha jisme meri reservation ki waiting list 6 thi,but mai jab station pe phucha to meri waiting 6 hi thi or mera tickit cancel ho gya tha, ab mene socha ki mai yhi reservation counter se waiting tickit le lu to mai kisi tarah ja sakta hu, or phir jab mai reservation counter phucha to wha bhot lambi line lagi hui thi logo ki,....
0 0 Orphans are vulnerable to become anti social elements. I suggest government take care of them during their childhood, educate them. Part of them can be inducted into armed forces  and for policing.
1 0 Today the goal of our life has become mere materialistic gains. The technology advancement has been misused by few selfish persons to misguide the common public as if we are going to live in this world for ever. In this process the normal human relationships like husband-wife, father-son, teacher-student, wife-mother-in-law and so on are damaged. The significance of these relations should be well understood. Everything should be based on "Give & Take" policy. Proper agreement should be signed.
0 0 Rescued Children should be given to Kailash satyarthi kind of social workers. Child support organizations should be supported and children should be made inspired and motivated to work against bad practices in country like human trafficking. Buddha teachings important here too.
0 0 Children are being considered best for employment by some business section. Because children have flexible mindset, innocence, helpful nature they are the best preference to some people. Why should parents give birth to children when they cant look after them and let others play with children's future. Make a law, that a child labor is equal to being child adopted and should be given share of property of owner. This may be joke or not a joke.
0 0 Unfortunately, Criminals are being made in this society rather than criminal making himself. There are parents in poor families who mistreat and abuse their own children having no compassion. Some are being sent away to unknown places under pretext of employment. This is no humanity. Children should not be seen as sources of income. parents have right to give birth to children if they cannot love, care for children enough
0 0 Human trafficking is a shame on contry like ours where great traditions and religions have born. It is equivalent to animal treatment of human beings. In big country like ours, it has become great difficulty for authorities to restrict this since Independence. There should be domestic intelligence agencies working on this. agents should be given task of finding out roots of this evil, and in which region. It is unfortunate that own parents mistreat and abuse their children in some cases.
0 0 please make statistics division improve its statistics efficiency and depth, wide variety of issues (KEY NATIONAL INDICATORS OF WELL-BEING of different age groups) just like USA presents its children's well being information in http://www.childstats.gov And use this to make plans to make programmes to alleviate problems. Well informed goverment is the most confident way of governance. The accurate information on different issues and living conditions of people is so important
0 0 Human trafficking is very bad and dangerous act in the world. To avoid this atitude in people,govt.should punish culprits in these cases with severepunishment like LIFE SENTENCe and HANGING.
1 0 There should be a central data of people going missing....Following step should be implemented 1- Create a dedicated phone line to register the missing people via phone or online both 2- Connect this information to their local police whether the case solved or not 3- Revisitng this data should be region by region by high profile officers. 4- Accountability and  timely Case solving should be there... Note -: Most of the time Police is always aware of such miscreants but they dont act
0 0 Awarness through Education is one of the most important thing. BUT we all know that it will take at least 20 years to apply that plan. Now the best armor against it is FEAR. Give the worst possible punishment to the monster those are involved in Human Trafficking and Rape even if they are fakely prestigious person of our society and even if they sit next to you in parliament
0 0 The victim centric approach should change.education that bring awareness can only prevent tribal people from vulnerability either human trafficking or becoming maoist.
0 0 We can control human  trafficking  by using technical  method we can use the image of eye same as the adharra card formation. Suppose a child born in delhi at the time of born we take the image of eye.. by which we get the detail of child. Now we scatter waves over the delhi by which we get detail  of that child for that we make a set which correlate  both waves and eye image. If the chid move out side the delhi we get the detail. Sir it can work
0 0 aadhar card drive is over.now we need to take DNA sample and attach it to aadhar(as a biometric code).every police station/hospital should be equipped with DNA test codification unit.so that his family members can be found .missing children can also be matched with parents and siblings.
0 0 in this case of human trafficking we should need strict our rules and regulations then only we can control, and the drug and illegal works must and should punishment little larger then it's changes we can see what is going on this line of
0 0 Respected Group members what we are following all the steps are  good ,but some of the should need to change because this 21 st century and this rules and regulations  20th century we much and should need to look each and every law review and need to modify some the thing in orientation,we much go through 21 century ,we need study mostly most peace full country like France and united kingdom and European union ,they are the one now leading world and America also having some the laws well
1 0 Government should rehabilitate the sex workers and ensure the eradication of the prostitution.by strict decisions and no new girl should enter in prostitution. Jai hind
0 0 One thing we can do is goverment can provide the labour distribution management system any body want a labour for various works can get from these kind of  goverment labour unit as per their skill and for the goverment works their is noo need to give contract to contractor if govermeng have labour then use their own we have engineering department which can guide them as per their skill and knowledge if anybody found with a labour without certified from goverment will be punished
0 0 Sir like in US etc countries we can see all of them weather male female or any visitor they All carry their photo id proof along with them all the time we also need to establish a strict libility on every citizen and all visitors to carry their photo id card all the time so that if will be easy to identify every person and also strict libility to provide information to new legal cell about their employees along with their id no. in eash way, one found with employee without id .. Punish him
1 0 one of the most important problem in india. poor children are most vulnerable to trafficking because of the lack of basic facilities due to which they come in the hands of traffickers. even our police is not able to protect them,the biggest reason is corruption moreover they arrange the children .continuous surveillance should be there in slum regions andthis should be taken care by block development officer.special society should be formed to have counselling of victims &if possible compensate
2 0 1) Evacuate Confiscate and Dismantle the RED LIGHT areas in Mumbai,Kolkatta, Delhi, Goa etc with bulldozers 2) Construct some stadiums/schools/Hospitals for public use in this evacuated areas without re-occurrence of this menace forever.3) Post Sub Divisional level Police officer with Magisterial powers in these areas.4) Repatriate all the victims to rescue homes of respective states to provide lively hood for this ill fated women.5) Identify big hands behind these and put them behind Jail.
0 0 without re-occurrence of this meanace forever. 3) Post Sub Divisional level Police officer/ Officer with Magisterial powers in these areas. 4) Repatriate all the victims to rescue homes of respective states to provide lively hood for this ill fated women. 5) Identify big hands behind these and put them behind bars to book to justice for their heinous crimes. Please ensure NIRBHAYA in true letter and spirit....4/4
1 0 What is use of Nirbhaya Act, when day light women meat sale is publicly going unabated in our country ? Sir please order our police to bulldoze these areas of Sex Trade and save the modesty of daughters of Bharat Mata.! You may please order our Home Department in both state & central:levels to 1) Evacuate Confiscate and Dismantle the RED LIGHT areas in Mumbai,Kolkatta, Delhi, Goa etc with bulldozers 2) Construct some stadiums/schools/Hospitals for public use in this evacuated areas...3/4
1 0 in the REDLIGHT areas in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkatta,Goa. Young girls from teen ages from 15 to 30 were trapped in the guise of house maid jobs were sold for forcible prostitution. Most of them from Andhra/Telangana States. Sir you have expressed concern for just want of toilets to girl students in schools. What about this horrible crime and unabated rape on innocent girls? Much before Namame Gange the tears of these girls need to be wiped out.The barbaric slavery must end in your regime... 2/4
1 0 Dear Prime Minister, You have taken up so many challenges and problems across the country right from administration,black money,corruption,obsolete laws,Inflation,International relations,Pollution Control,Swatcha Bharat, Jan dhan Yojana,Make In India,Control of prices,Terrorism, so many one by one and recently drug mafia also.YOGA advocated by you is now adopted by World. Sir another horrible and sordid plight of India is WOMEN TRAFFICKING! Just imagine the harikiri of young girls.... 1/4
1 0 SIR I HAD WROTE TO U A LOT I UR INTERACT PROGRAIAMME FOR A FINANCIAL HELP TO THE COMPANY INDIAWOOD AT KOTTAYAM IN KERALA.COMPANY CONTROLLED BY RUBBER BOARD.UNDER THE MINISTRY OF COMMERCE.HERE HUMAN RIGHTS DESTRIYED BY THE MANAGEMENT.EMPLOYEES DONT GET TO NO CHANCE TO DO THEIR WORK.THE COMPANY MANAGEMENT DONT ALLOW TO WORK HERE.NOW I WRITE IT FROM THE COMPANY.HERE NO ELECTRICTY NOW.MANAGEMENT DONOT PAY THE EKECTRICTY BILL.MENTAL TORCHARING CONTINUE HERE FROM THE LAST TWO YEARS.HELP US.
1 0 There is just one way of controlling human trafficking or any other crime. Quick investigation & certainty of punishment. It is hardly possible in India. Criminals with money power & right connection delay the justice delivery system to eternity & proclaim that they are innocent till found guilty. We need police, administrative & judicial reform for faster punishment of criminals. This will be a deterrent against any crime. Time is running out. Let us act fast. Existing system is a failure.
2 0 Respected Sir, Thanks for good work. I want to bring your attention to an increasing horror of beggars in India.  It is a horrible chain starting from kidnapping children, making them disabled and forcing them to beg. Many sedated infants can be seen carried by beggars to gain sympathy. Something should be done to rescue these children and reunite them with their families. DNA matching between parents who lost their kids and  children rescued can be done to help reunion. Plz do needful.
0 0 To Honble PM As iam Rajesh P residing in own house "#759 Shanthi Niliyam 7th A Main, 1st block HRBR layout Kalyan Nagar Bangalore - 560043, Karnataka." for more then 15 year in same place now they have raised a notice for demolition & started razed commercial shop's, Please save us we want our House(place) and we all have our proper documents. Regards Rajesh P
1 0 According to the website of the German Federal Agency of Justice the average duration of proceedings in the local courts is 4.5 months; in the district courts the average is 8.1 months. The average duration of appellate proceedings in the district courts (appeals against the judgments of the local courts) is currently 5.5 months, the average in the courts of appeal is 7.6 months.  average in second appeal in the Federal Supreme Civil Court is between 12 and 18 months. see report
1 1 Train punctuality need to be focused more as most of the train in Danapur division runs behind the schedule.However there is a on line complaint facilities arranged but still there is no improvement,it looks there is lack of strict disciplinary action which is required in railways.
1 1 In Patna Jn Platform Nos 10 is fully occupied by unauthorized person specially in night time.It has become a night sleeping yard.Whole night fan and light getting used by unwanted persons. Railways premises should be strictly  controlled by the railways police force and staff.
0 1 In Patna railways yard there is no security as there are so many unwanted peoples walk into the yard and they take bath/wash their cloth whole days no one is their to check them. RPF is busy in collecting fund from other social anti elements.In this ways railways resources are wasted like any things.Yard should be secured so that no one unauthorized person inter in this area.
1 1 1.Railways officers are not making their attendance by electronic machine provided for attendance specially in Bihar Railways Division offices. 2.Railways officers when they go on tour they take their subordinate as a comfort tools which is not required,hence system should made in place to stop such malpractices.
1 1 In Indian Railways there are departmental examination conducted internally by which all junior level get promoted by their departmental officers recommendation.It is understand that there are lot of fraud cases are happening and not deserving candidate get promoted by obliging the officers,hence these examination should be conducted by third party so that fair dealing and justice for all given.
0 1 There are so many Bihar govt mail id for state govt but no one response to the problems when we write to them.Even we write to CM Bihar for any suggestion there is a auto reply by the deputy secretory .But action taken is not intimated to us ,hence we are in dark for the action taken or not.Even we are not sure that whether our suggestion has reached to CM or not.Hence there should be system in place for to and fro communication between citizen so that citizens get encouraged and participate .
1 1 MP of my area is not visiting to village and he is also not participating with farmers problems neither he is interested to know the difficulties of villagers in general as well as related to irrigation issue.My MP is shri Ram kripal Yadav from PATNA rural also We are not able to get his mail id/cell ns and availability in Patna so that we can approach and apprise him about our problems.Our village is -GOPALPUR under Masaurhi Prakhand in Patna District.His schedule should be provided on net.
0 1 PRIMARLY THIS IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PARENTS AND TEACHERS TO EDUCATE THEIR CHILDREN LIKE OTHER GIRLS/WOMENS ARE OUR SISTERS.EVERY PARENT MUST PROMISES THAT THEY GIVING FINANCIAL SUPPORT BELOW THEY REQUIRED.FOR EXAMPLE I NEED 1 RUPEE TO ENJOY BUT MY PARENT IS TO GIVE 50 PAISE .THEN HOW I ENJOYED MORE.SECONDARY ,WHY THE INDIAN CENSOR BOARD HAD GIVEN PERMISSION TO SOME MOVIES WITH HIGH EXPOSING OF ACTRESSS.WHY THEY GIVE PERMISSION TO SOME NEWS PAPERS,BOOKS HAS PRINTED HIGH EXPOSING OF LADY PHOTO
0 0 Also the foreign supported NGOs like "DFN" of ex-NAC member and a known CIA agent and rabble rouser with is still untouched. Still the mass murder of Poor Uttrakhandi protesters shot and women raped including underage girls by SP goons is unpunished. 58 Indians were burned alive in Godhra and under somebody's order. A sold out judge Ganguly AND a politician put it on Beedi, a abuse on those killed. Why those neanderthels are still unpuinished for abusing the dead.How can we expect justice then
0 0 While all so called "secualar' traitors talk about Gujarat all are silent on a bigger genocide in nandigram. Why is Govt not investigating? Lot of bigwigs in media also are part of bigger ring. I would suggest a creation of Volunteer National Guard of atleast 2 crore whereby Govt ONLY pays for training and weapons if need be. The training can be on weekends 4 days per month. Retired Army and Police officers can be used for this also. It will create a buffer and volunteers can't be bribed
0 0 PLEASE MAKE A SPECIAL TEAM WITH CID,POLICE AND NGO..INSPECT THE AGENCY THAT HIRE HUMAN RESOURCES CONSULTANCY  OR OTHER AGENCY, NGO, ASHRAM ETC.
1 0 Dear sir, here I am talking about the matter of kashmiri pandit's . I just want to know that , Is politics is above then nation. Why we are unable to make a strong rule. why the fundamental rights are not same for every Indian. we need amendment in 370 ?
0 0 sir first of all ban human trafficking of all means and form a another administration for child labour criminal cases
0 0 The British are worried that it takes on average 154 days (or just over 5 months) from an offence to sentence in their Criminal Justice System and have initiated a series of reforms. and we are using the same system as theirs!!!
0 0 Swift, fair and efficient delivery of justice is required to deter people from crime. Law Minister DV Sadananda Gowda suggested amending certain Acts to dispose of petty offences and talked of making mandatory pre-trial conferences under which both defence and prosecution lawyers will be asked to file necessary statements and evidence without any delay to ensure speedy trial of the case. Pious sentiments apart, comprehensive reforms need to be carried out in a time bound schedule.
0 0 There should be very severe actions to be taken against the people as the law in Arab countries. The people  who runs the trafficking and who makes many girls as a part of it should be severely punished,after seeing the punishment no one should ever dare to do such things then this gets stops to gretaer extent....
0 0 In some state trafficking is direct linked with lower sex ratio and early child marriage we need to curb it then form a record of lost children and women and each SO of police station is direct responsible to answer we can link duties of human rights office and NGOs.
0 0 There should be stringent punishment of hefty fine and jail atleast for min 5 years of those caught in Human Trafficking. After Nepal & North Bihar earth quake, we should be strict vigil if any suspicious girls found with stranger at Bus/Railway station. All girls at village should be given basic education (RTE) and the gram-panchayate may encourage education.
0 0 LAW COMMISSION OF INDIA Report No. 245 submitted in July 2014 deals with Arrears and Backlog and Creating Additional Judicial manpower. The Commission sought to highlight an urgent need to fix rational, non-mandatory time frames for different types of cases, and use such time frames as a basis for setting judge performance standards, litigant expectations, and making more robust policy recommendations for the judiciary.
0 0 LAW COMMISSION OF INDIA Report No.239 Submitted to the Supreme Court of India in W P (C) NO. 341/2004, Virender Kumar Ohri Vs. Union of India & Others in March  2012 deals with Expeditious Investigation and Trial of Criminal Cases Against Influential Public Personalities.
0 0 Govt. of India, Ministry of Home Affairs constituted the Committee on reforms of Criminal Justice System to make a comprehensive examination of all the functionaries of the Criminal Justice System, the fundamental principles and the relevant laws.  The Committee, having given its utmost consideration to the grave problems facing the country made its recommendations in its final report 12 years ago in March 2003. 158 specific recommendations were made.
0 0 The solution to most problems lies in reform of JUSTICE SYSTEM, which has become ineffective. A large number of guilty go unpunished in a large number of cases; the system takes years to bring the guilty to justice; and has ceased to deter criminals.  Crime is increasing rapidly everyday and types of crimes are proliferating. Several reports on REFORMS are gathering dust in the Archives of the Government. A time-bound action plan should be made and implemented with alacrity.
0 0 Increase basic education about human trafficking in school curriculum, highlight verification/precaution measures, engage in creative opportunities, If in emergency distress, create alternative system instead of pressurizing local authorities. Above all, there should be increase in informal communication and expression between ordinary citizens.
0 0 Can we ban these websites and take action against these people... the worst part is they are influential people and they can even take away your life... so without protection I am fighting I hope govt of India will support me
0 0 Dear Sir, I am a simple middle class family person who is more keen in keeping the society neat and clean recently while surfing a website I saw that there are people who are involve in doing illegal activities as a responsible citizen I am not liking this and I need you to stop this please find below is the proof of that I hope MHA will surely act on this http://hyderabad.locanto.in/ID_302853839/Young-Indian-airhostess.html
0 0 SIR SOME EMPLOYEES FROM RUBBER WOOD INDIA OR INDIA WOOD AT KOTTAYAM IN KERALA IS A COMPANY BY RUBBER BOARD.NOW FACING A MAJER SITUATION OF ANTY HUMAN ATTACK BY NOT ALLOWING THEM TO DO THE WORK IN THE COMPANY.TODAY WORLDS WORKING AND EMPLOYMENT DAY THEY HAVENT GET JOB FOR THEIR FUTURE LIFE.300 EMPLOYEES FACING A BAD SITUATION OF THEIR ENTERE LIFE.KINDLY MAKE A STEP TO GIVE THEM TO DO THEIR WORK AND TO MAKE A LIFE WITH THEIR FAMILY IN THIS COUNTRY.RUBBERBOARD AND MINISTRY COMMERCE DontDO
1 0 The best definition for Governance : Sacrifice. Yes, only those who love to sacrifice their 'SELF' must be involved in governance at every level. But in recent times we find politicians who are greedy for positions, hungry for public money, want to establish the 'SELF', want to take advantage of system to satisfy their desires and make them BIG. How can someone work for poor people, better society benefit with so much biased minds as these. This is the reason India is backward than China.
1 0 I really feel bad when i found small chidren begging on the signals across all the cities in India. I Wish i could do something for those children. We are not sure if this is human trafficking or the parents force their own children to begg and earn money. If we could have strict action plan against such parents. We can have one anatha ashram at main cities in india and police will be sending the children to Anatha ashram if found.
1 0 Human trafficking is a curse of our society. Poor parents often sell their children for child labor or to brothel. Police don't work without bribe, so NGOs can directly report to government about this abuse. We need a sensitive Police and concerned citizens to stop this menace.
0 0 there should be strong police reforms and in suspected areas there should be detective approach towards it  there should be social awareness....
0 0 Human trafficking for children,us district k sabhi government,private schools me bachhon ki strenth local adminstration ko dena jaroori ho or school na jane wale bachhon k strength ka har 6mahine pr survey ho.jissey real Number or children ka ptaa chalega or iskey alawa agar koi vyakti human trafficking me pkda jataa hai to life impresenment ki saza ho or heavy fine lagat jaye,logo ko,bachhon ko school me he human trafficking ki jankari di jaye or unhe aram surakhsha k gun sikhaye jye
1 0 then action should be taken against them, with heavy fines.. By doing this, no. of kids going missing will drop down as these kids ultimately are the one who are forced either into prostitution (specially girls) or begging. through CCTV,no.of crimes as well as   children missing will come down. 1) achieving start with believing 2) to improve is to change, to aim for perfection is to change. 3) in decision can be your worst mistake. 4) one should focus on making things better, not bitter
1 0 This is regarding children who are going missing now a days. CCTV installation should be made mandatory for all the shop owners, schools, hotels, buildings, etc. Notice should be given to all the above for not allowing any (specially kids) begging in front of their shops/hotels etc. If found, the matter should be reported to the near by police station immediately, so immediate action can be taken against those who has forced these kids to beg/work road. If no heed is taken by the shop owners,
1 0 I have an idea to control the Rape Crime.. Please go through the page.. i have tried to explain.. http://socialarmyindia.blogspot.in/
0 0 There are many kids on street begging for money. If we give them food their so called mothers probably ladies who stolen those kids from their natural homes. Snatch what ever we give them food/ money. They are on squares where traffic police is deployed , they are in front of 5 start hotels where all rich and famous go. But no body raised a voice. As a common person I always fear of some counter attack on me if I report to any helpline. Our system should protect us.
0 0 Namaste everyone! Nowadays as we all know certain specific crimes (you know the crimes I m talking about- nirbhaya case and trafficking and more like that) are increasing day by day.. It is usually observed that criminals involved are petty job holders who are hand to mouth and doesn't even have a shelter sometimes.. for them living in a prison is no more a big deal where they get minimum two times meal and a shelter to live and that too when they are caught. Since they are tending to commit..
0 0 Such crime depict that they are not psychologically human so they should not be even treated like human. Certain concentration camps (hitler ones) should be made and given inhuman treatments their and for criminal like that in nirbhaya case should never be hanged but should be sent to gas chambers (hitler ones) . There is no need to have feeling of pity on them. Special cells (concentration camps) have to be mad for them.
0 0 The law for Human Trafficking and women's safety should be very prioritized in the country. There has to be strict rules to overcome this heinous crime. It is the government who can make such laws to secure the each and every citizens. Employment, Growth and security must be the prime concern of BJP.
0 0 Namskar - Balatkar, Marder evam anya Bade Apradhon ko kam karne ke sambandh me mera manna hai ki ham desh me hone vale bade apradhon ke badle hone vali saja aur Jail ke kathin jivan ke bare me TV Channels, Redio evam anya sadhano dwara public ko aware karen jisake karan koi bhi vyakti kisi bhi prakar ka apradh karne se pahale 10 bar sochega . Example - Jis tarah Smoking, Drink, Aids evam anya bimariyon ke bare me logo ko sachet karte hain. Deepak Laheja, Raipur CG
1 0 In my personal view, government can not change everything. The human trafficking issues will be dealt only by considering all the aspect such as strict law passed by Parliament, law enforcing honest government officials, vigil and society caring common man and above all poverty alleviation. Yes, BJP government has taken many decent steps and thing will be changed very soon. We must follow PM's advices and work together for a brighter future. Good time will come soon. Let us work together.
0 0 call Maharashtra police officer wasant dhoble . good cob but under estimated by gov and some human right activist hungry for media attention .
0 0 This is entirely an administrative issue. Nothing to do with the public opinion. Ask something new. Don't ask us about how to implement law and order.
1 0 I believe that there are enough laws against human trafficking, but their implementation is not done properly most probably due to the attitude of police. I don't think that it is difficult is govt. takes active initiatives for stopping these activities. In some regions there are comparatively more cases of child kidnapping(like haridwar), and at the same time, in those regions disabled child beggars are also comparatively more. Such kind of patterns can be identified to stop trafficking easily
1 0 In my opinion, there should be a website which provide facility for online complain and tracking of its status without disclosing the name of the complainant (through login by one time password on mobile) against the persons engaged in human trafficking without visiting police stations. Visiting police stations is a headache as we know many times police does not co-operate with the complainant, due to which many people even knows such events of human trafficking do not report it to police.
1 0 If we can stop beggars on road specially child beggar it may reduce this problem
0 0 I am not sure if this is the right place to share this or if it is better to create a group called "Safe India" within this forum. I believe that the safety of women and children of India and their protection against kidnapping, abuse and such hideous crimes is the need of the hour. These crimes should be battled by leveraging today's technology and the creative minds of fellow citizens. I believe that this social reform could be achieved by creating awareness and with the help of digitization.
1 0 WE HAVE TO FIGHT AGAINST THIS.WE HAVE TO CREATE AWARENESS ABOUT THIS TO CHILDREN AND THE WOMEN.A HELPLINE SHOULD ALSO BE STARTED TO HELP THOSE CHILDREN AND WOMEN WHO ARE CAPTURED IN THIS VICIOUS CIRCLE.
1 0 Human trafficking is a crime against humanity and society. It should be tammed by making aware of people. Naxalism , crimes are spread through human trafficked people. Also VESHYAVRITY is done through human trafficked girl children. Education should be strengthen to stop these crime. Policing must be corruption free. Corrupt police encourage anti social and criminals. Check border of Pakistan, Bangladesh strictly.
0 0 sir legalise escort services and give sex workers their basic citizen rights because women who once come in this trade even if want to give some info are harassed by police and society, moreover seal the borders of nepal and bangladesh properly,extra vigilance must be taken for tribal girls or children of bpl families as police didnt file fir, the rackets of organ donation must be dealt strongly
1 0 Human trafficking under the guise of orphanages and old age homes should also be verified. There are reports that many such institutions work for religious conversions getting money from overseas. There was a report in 1970s, while I was a student, that a charity organisation "rescued" a man on the streets but he was converted before his death thereby denying his right to die believing in his own religion. Even now many at prayer meetings say that they rescued a person by converting him/her.
1 0 Sir this is cruel, immoral, antisocial activities this should be stooped by heavy punishments. All people/labors  should be identified and registered through Govt. Agencies. we have to informed to Govt. if we have any information
0 0 Not just government,being a girl i suggest all other girls to be conscious when they are going out. 1.While boarding into cab/bus/any other transport,with out any hesitation take a snap of auto number and driver and send that to home/friends.so that if something happens it will be easy to trace culprit. 2.Avoid late night pubs. i think 1st suggestion will help you a lot than any other thing.
0 0 emergency apps should be made so that people can use them when needed the most. the app must be FREE and should have features of contacting the police and family members in less time
0 0 N CHATTISGARH THERE IS NO LAB FOR TESTING SWINE FLU H1NI VIRUS AND NO KITS , NO MEDICINES , NO TAMMY FLU TABLETS, PATIENTS WILL DIE DUE TO LACK OF RESOURCES. WAKE UP CALL FOR CENTRAL GOV. HEALTH MINISTRY AND C.G GOVT. HEALTH MINISTRY.
0 0 N CHATTISGARH THERE IS NO LAB FOR TESTING SWINE FLU H1NI VIRUS AND NO KITS , NO MEDICINES , NO TAMMY FLU TABLETS, PATIENTS WILL DIE DUE TO LACK OF RESOURCES. WAKE UP CALL FOR CENTRAL GOV. HEALTH MINISTRY AND C.G GOVT. HEALTH MINISTRY.
0 0 There must stern laws for human traffickers and Non government organizations/individuals working against  human trafficking should be encourage through monetary help.
1 0 we should have hidden cameras at those area which are said to be area of crimes to get information about that. Being a citizen of india we can help our country's citizen in a best possible way.
0 1 We can give rewards or price money to people who gives us leads against human traffickers and simultaneously they can also have a right to record their conversations with police and other authorities to ensure that they kept their point
1 1 Police reform. Many people in India do not trust their police. They don't file FIR, they feel unsafe from police.
0 1 Sabse pehle isko rokne ke liye hamari police ko kamchori chhodkar bahut vigilant & alert hona padega. Jabardast chhape maaro aur dalalo ko remand par lo. Inspector apne area k logon se mile unko apna mobile no. De & unse appeal kare ki woh bhi alert rahe & koi bhi information turant share kare ya advice k liye call kare. City k collector ko police k saath crime ki report lene k liye meeting karni chahiye on regular basis. Pata kare ki iska paisa kahan se aa raha hai & profit kahan ja rha hai
0 0 it will be a costlier job for the government but in order to ensure the security of the citizen a global positioning system (gps) circuit should be fitted inside the body organ so that if a child or any girl is missing then use the gps trackers police can get the exact location where the victim and hence human trafficing will be prevented
2 0 Govt of India should take initiative.All children found in street begging should be adopted just like Norwey and should be given to some genuine NGO like Bachpan Bachao.There should be a rule that if parent is not capable to keep them properly ,Govt will adopt the child.It will also a repulsive force for theft of Child and Anti trafficking
0 0 Now the time has come for all of us to convey opinion to respected FM regarding Direct taxation to be proposed in budget. Since inflation has moderated, Crop production is good, manufacturing sector is growing, 'MAKE IN INDIA' is gathering momentum, Crude petroleum rate is nose diving, rupee value against dollar is stable,  our FM must increase base taxation limit be raised to Rs.5 lakhs and section 80(cc)  must be changed to Rs.2.5 lakhs. This measure increases savings rate.
0 0 Please take up the matter of Sureshbhai Patel ( Indian) who was seriously injured by US policeman in Albama. President Obama want 1 million tourist to come to US? with this treatment to innocent Indians I suggest that our government must take up the matter very seriously with the US government.
2 0 The main causes of BJP defeat in Delhli Polls i guess are :- 1) Not making any weighted commitment to the public 2) Missing of impressive speeches of PM 3) Non focused approach of local leaders 4) Non acceptance of Kiran as a efficient Political leader 5) people will listen religious speeches when they will have basic needs. 6) should have not focused what arvind is doing else what the BJP willing to perform 7) Ground level accepted leader is a major concern since 1993
0 0 Now the demand for Delhi as a full state will be on main agenda. As I remember, until late 50's Delhi was a full state.It was then changed to UT.and then present model.Our previous planners were wise enough to change the status and not holding Delhi as a full state. I suggest, Let Delhi be a granted statehood, baring NDMC area.It should be renamed as "CAPITAL CITY" It will be similar to American arrangements.The modalities can be worked out by planners.
0 0 Dear sir , Was very disturbed to learn about the Nirbhaya case and description about the kamathipura red light district. Requesting you to get India get rid of these. Thank you..
0 0 The impression given to the auto and taxi operators is that APP has reduced the CNG cost bt you need not reduce the fare.This I discovered during discussions from the auto/taxi operators. Let us find means for direct passing the benefits to the masses.
2 0 Sir i has very  upset from the result of new Delhi but don't worry we youth all with us I hop our gov make better performance in next elections thank u sir.....
1 0 human trafficking includes exploitatively using gullible nature of the general public and in fact whole nations and the world itself by selling them unnecessary and unsustainable concepts of development as being the sole repositories of happiness thereby creating a mad rush for those developmental parameters which ultimately lead to disruption of peace and disharmony in the general environs leading to destruction of public peace and harmony
0 0 Parents should be very careful while bringing their children to public places like shopping mall and other places. Often some parents end up forgetting their children in the process of selecting the groceries and in talking in mobile phones. If parents can keep an eye on their children where ever they go they can prevent and can find easily who are targeting the children.Children also should be taught to remember the mobile number of the parents. So that it will be easy to them to locate parents
1 0 Tribal areas where the tribal students resident camps/hostels are available should be monitored and audited thoroughly.MSW students worked on these areas should be asked to record their experiences with government bodies in a secured way.There are missing cases which are associated with local politicians in these kind of camps.The students interacted with them or studied the structure could have observed about the missing girl children,but they could have been able to do nothing in those cases.
1 0 I would request the admin to kindly collate the suggestions received and share in a draft document so that we can add on to that. We can also know if our suggestions are accepted or rejected .
0 0 1. RCA:  HIgher overseas economic condition 2. Lower domestic econimc condition 3. Adoptions & 3 parents laws getting passed. 4. Indian Brain & physiological advantages are getting valued for bringing bodies over seas. 5. Demand stops then the supply. 6. Ambassies officials in overseas to be considered with this additioanl protecting responsibilities. 7. Employement exchanges runs rackets by agents sending poor people on selling basis. Such agents to be raided most often than not.
0 1 First of all, we should awake and see what is happening in our society. Is everything alright.Without our cooperation nothing would be alright. We can stop human trafficking by help the administration and the person who is victim. Government should has to employed special secret agents for stopping human trafficking.
0 0 Our goverment. Taken good decision on behalf of policy, we are not taking action on ganga policy. Hon,ble minister ms. Uma Bharti waisting money or time only. Policy implement nothing so please we gear up to your policy on Ganga and other sector.
0 1 We are making good policy but not implement which is must for good result.
0 0 Revolutionize the Police force, petrolling and scanning techniques. Still there are lost of kids working, beggars begging and small small unacceptable things happening which is being overlooked by the department as small, but these things have created a trend and been taken for granted.
0 0 Mass awareness, education, specific training to parents to save children from such mishap, campaign etc mostly in rural and slum areas.
0 0 IF we want that our country should be also considered as a developed country first of all strict laws should be made .there should be no delay in punishment.Punishment  given by courts like 16 december  rape case culprits are still not hanged.
0 0 strict rules, hard law. more adhaar linked identity.camera recording at rly. bus stations.
0 0 Sir,I request u plz.take care of the beggars who must be roaming here and there for only food .sir we should not be that much cruel to them plz.sir first give them facilities or some work that they will not ask anyone money instead of doing work .Really sir,it will definitely work for our country.Give them chance to work for them and their country.plz.and bring completely ban on begging .plz.sir plz.If we do this,one country will be on leading position.
0 0 Human trafficking in now day is on its heights of crimes as no body cares for those depress people .street children's are the most risk as being in open the people never see them as people are busy so there parents have forgot about them depending on begging .  they can be easily motivated to anything as they want money at any cost so they can be taken to distance from home and in name of work they are sold or anything people who are doing big offence are unidentified and day by day we lose ofus
0 0 To help HUMAN TRAFFICKING >HELP ALL Strict Monitoring of NGO organizations, Strict monitoring of mentally retarded hospitals and very strict check on the beggars list of areas - as they are sorted area wise and every police station should be able to know the groups and any new group arrived. Strict dock yard checkings - especially containers with cargo ships where bulk transfer happen as shown in movies/serials too.
1 0 The boys working in Dhabas are bought from their parents and are made to work without payment until the money is paid back, through their work. They do not receive education or clean accommodation or proper food. While it is necessary with immediate attention to free these trafficked children from the Dhabas, the post-release action needs to be taken. 1. To regularly monitor these dhabas for such trafficking. 2. Provide free education to these children. 3. Provide employment to their parents.
4 0 One major step towards combating Human Trafficking is to stop child labor in Dhabas (roadside hotels). I work in Bihar and in every Dhaba along the Highways you can find 3 to 4 small boys working; they clean the utensils & the premises and serve the table. They are forced to work throughout the day. They get very few hours of sleep and their eyes are swollen and moist due to that. They live in unhygienic conditions and are even habituated to drugs by the owners themselves are they are abused.
1 0 Parents need to be extra alert to save their children from getting into wrong hands .Proper information to be shared. Pros and cons to be discussed with them . How to ask for help in the time of crises need to be shared. Some code word or plan of action needs to be worked out to prepare within the family to get the help or get information about the whereabouts of each other. This is becoming so common practice and any person can fall prey to it. Age is no criteria. Only need is to remain alert .
1 0 Some rule should be made where anyone who sees any wrong doing or see children made to work forcefully at any place should be able to rescue the child with the help of police and children should be united with their family. People are utilizing in Hotels, factories of various kinds, house hold jobs and list is endless. Till the time everyone gets the authority will not be able to help much. Parents of these children need to be educated as well not to send their children with others for work.
2 0 Anti Human trafficking law needs to be implemented  for all those who do not think twice before doing such act. This action is worst than any harm done by animals to humans. Animal react or act to save himself or getting scared. But when any person indulge into this act does it for money only.Is money becoming more important than human life and values.All those who are involved in trafficking need to be put behind the bars. All the agencies which are entertaining these culprits need to stop.
0 0 we have to learn china how they r controling the population we have to make a rule for 2 child.
0 0 I agree with Mr.Dhiraj Tripathi, we should have some kind of control to arrest increasing population. If we want healthy,     happy and prosperous country we should     control population.
0 0 Respected PM Modi Ji...I have posted 116 posts and done 6 Tasks for 60 Hours and have earned 2395 credit points so far. But I'm not sure whether my suggestions posted so far has been considered or not. Also I'm not sure what benefit a member will get with the credit points he/she earned. It will be great if more info is provided it will encourage many members to participate and contribute more through MyGov portal. Kindly instruct the concerned officials to give more info about credit points.
1 0 Swach Bharat: we. can organize ragpickers and channalise their strength  for garbage separation recycle waste etc.
1 0 I want to say something apart from this subject about rampant population explosion... The Government should promagulate one child norm in the country like China so that benefit of sustainable growth can reach them and poverty eliminated at the instance. then only the country can grow and inflation can be controlled in real sense. The rapidly rising population put pressure on economy by using more natural resources and insufficiency of innumerable jobs and increase ailments too...
1 0 I want to say something apart from this subject about rampant population explosion... The Government should promagulate one child norm in the country like China so that benefit of sustainable growth can reach them and poverty eliminated at the instance. then only the country can grow and inflation can be controlled in real sense. The rapidly rising population put pressure on economy by using more natural resources and insufficiency of innumerable jobs and increase ailments too...
1 0 About transforming beggers to nation builders. There is potential of using these poor people against crime and terrorism. Provide them entry into regular (secret) service for the nation by rewarding with regular service in lieu of info on suspect activity/ person /terror. He/she gets salary, equal to interest on quantum of worth of smuggled goods/ equivalent saved by the act. More acts, more salary. Beggers to Nation Builders.
0 1 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 1 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 That in Western U.P in between train journey of Meerut and Saharanpur there is no double line Railway line track made in last 66 years of Independence day and due to that people of Western U.P who travel locally thru train to back and forth making their valuable time of life getting waste which causes loss of earnings in to their family life and also to the Government of India as less the people may work the less the State may earn from the people of India. Today the world is very fast and for t
0 0 I Request the admin to pls share this view to PM Modi about wage revision of bank employees...it will be helpful in delhi election.
0 0 Dear Sir, Pls do something  favorable for bank employees..Bankers are the person who take financial risks and do their work very honestly n perfectly..still they are waiting for wage revision that is pending from Nov '12. All bank employees were thinking of quick wage revision after change of government..but still they are waiting..Dear sir..All bankers of delhi has now become united n going against u in this delhi election..I request you pls do something for bank employees before delhi election
1 0 In abscence of education and employment the youths are getting diverted towards violence Naxals bad elements.. Last 50 years negligeable industry and employment development in this area. Govt beurocrates politicians social group NGOs are only interested in short term interest . The promise made by you in yr November visit has given hope to the poor innocent tribals. Please insist politicians  beurocrates to implement scheme properly. Creat environment of investment employment generation corrupfr
0 0 Dear Sir Chaibasa is the Place you have visited in November 14 . I am posted here at ACC chaibasa one of the oldest industry since 1947.as Plant head . The development of Tribals here totally confused stopped. Local politicians are misleading the meaning of development . The condition of tribal is as it is since 100 years. Gov schemes are not yet reaching. Beurocrates need to spend time in villages and implement scheme. Education medical infra social cultural need improvement by implementing go
0 0 Contd. serene atmosphere and well laid out roads.  One would be surprised to note that USA is having one fourth of Human Resources of India and area wise, four folds.  Everything is done through mechanisation and in a tidy manner.  Albeit we are endowed with rich H.R. yet, we have failed on many fronts which needs to be looked into and this should serve as an eye-opener for those in power. Merely according gregarious credence to the anachronic rules will only be vitiative and will not do anygood
0 0 Continued. the excuse that is being advanced for cutting down gargantuan trees is augmentation of roads.  While we blindly and indiscriminately ape the west in many unwanted areas and defray a lot of expenditure of public money  - even I would say a total wastage of Govt. money - for study tours, we should copy USA in this particular field of preservation of the natural resources.  In USA, they grow plants, nurture and plant the trees in a cluster and while moving around, one could enjoy the
0 0 continued. sight permanently for ever. Is this the lesson we have learnt from Puranas like Bhagavatham, Ramayana, etc.  In USA, everything is controlled through exercise of enforcement machinery and one cannot violate the rules and go scot free as that of our country which is endowed with rich heritage and culture.  The only medication that is the need of the hour is regulatory measure to be in place. Even felling of 150 year or 200 year old trees should be totally banned.  In Karnataka, this is
0 0 continued.  about implementation, there should be a awareness campaign beginning from the students to the elite group. Recently, in Mysore, students from the educational institutions took out procession demanding total ban on fire crackers.  Deepaavali means lighting of row of lamps and from China, we have imported the idea of bursting fire crackers.  This is condemnable.  Of course, exceeding 120 decibels of sound is health hazard.  Precious lives are lost every year and some lose their eye
0 0 Dear P.M. While I am in complete agreement with your Swach Bharat scheme launched recently, yet, this is also fraught with so many loopholes. Levying cess (Estimated amount Rs.1 lac crore) will be a retrograde step and may squeeze the people of their hard earned money.  Levying tax in the days of yore like Ramayana, etc. was commensurate with the financial conditions of the denizens. Merely sweeping for the sake of publicity by the VIPs. etc. may not bring the desired results.  If we are serious
0 0 Continued from previous. Delhi Police.  Merely letting these brilliant cyber criminals scot free will only allow them to indulge in such nefarious activities more brazenly and without the fear of their being prosecuted. It is a shameful one here in Bangalore that one BJP corporator was flaunting a copy of fake documents for possession of Commissioner's Mother land by greasing the palms of revenue officials a hefty sum.  This only proves how brazenly the corruption is rampant in State Govt
0 0 Continued from my previous post.  I was asked to deposit a hefty sum to get back the matured amount which is likely to take 3 or 4 months' time.  To-day's newspaper report says that a gullible farmer has been duped of his amount in his bank account by someone in Delhi after extracting his ATM Card No. and PIn which is quite disturbing.  While it may take a lot of time in investigation by the police to track the culprits, it is high time that noose should be tightened around these urchins by
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Of course, what you are contemplating is par excellent. But, there are other grey areas like control of the menace of pick pockets, development of roads for better commercial viabiity, extirpation of the criminal gangs operating from Delhi, being the hub of cyber crimes and targeting gullible people like farmers, etc. in Karnataka. Even I had the bitter taste of this gang when someone by fake name from Delhi rang up to say that my Insurance Policy had fetched a whopping sum.
0 0 IT is high time that the present Govt. in stead of exercising administration and control of the consumer needs of Cable TV and DTH, should excogitate to enact legislation whereby these two segments could be effectively controlled without causing much nuisance to the consumers.   Will the present Govt. ruminate over these and do the needful for its implementation?  Another worrying feature is the cyber crime whereby gullible Southern States are targeted from the criminals of Delhi which is haven
0 0 BEFORE introduction of CAS, everything was proceeding smoothly and without any hassle.  Of course, there may have been some problems elsewhere.  Overall, it was having a smooth sailing without much impediments.  Even for DTH, this is being regulated through the policy measures which may not be conducive to have an efficient and stricter control over the DTH giants like Sun DTH, etc.
0 0 THE recent unilateral and arbitrary hike in the Cable and DTH charges in a mediocre city like Mysore needs to be curbed.  All these problems had started with the introduction of the CAS by the Min. of I&B where there is neither any Act or Rule for exercising control over the cable monopoly.  There is only a single cable TV provider and there is no competition like DTH where tariff could be a challenging one and there will be stiff competition between the service providers. .
0 0 In Mysore, cable charges are totally arbitrary and are scotfree.  The Sun Group, for its part, is also looting by removing abruptly from the list of cable channels their most sought after channels like SUN TV, Sun News, Chutti, Sun Music, etc. for which they charge separately as paid TV channels. While DTH also vies with the jacking up of their charges, there is no regulatory or control measures.  For their part, TRAI also increases the tariff.
1 0 For better water management system, it should be made compulsory for each household to construct a sump for rain water harvesting and similarly, each household should erect solar water heaters whereby electricity consumption could be preserved. Usage of these two avenues especially in the Northern Belt including the Capital would go a long way in catering to the needs of the citizens.
1 0 resrvation for students in the basis of caste is wrong because all the lower caste peoples are not poor ......some are rich and they also used all the fasilitysss that are given to the poor peoples itsss wrong ....some poor peopless are in very dificulty and they not use the fasility givn by the govt. becozz those are belongss gen....
1 0 Judicial Reforms to speed up cases piled up in courts are the most URGENT NEED OF THE HOUR. Otherwise many TERRORISTS WILL BE FREED BY SUPREME COURT CITING INORDINATE DELAY IN HEARING THEIR CASES . The Nithari killer has already got away and it could be Abdul Nazar Madani , an accused terrorist against whom 86 cases are pending in various courts, next. PLEASE ACT AND MAKE JUDICIARY FAST !!!!
0 0 Hi , The information , which am going to print here is very important , which government should take appropriate actions , nothing but green revolution , First of all India should come out from this Green revolution which leads our next generations life time 30 plus..only , we all should go back to natural methods of farming , even the yield might be less , but still we can avoid more diseases , each and every rice which we intakes contains more of artificial fertilizers , which makes our life ?
1 0 Railways should have at least 30% of the compartments under women only category. Even Women only 3 tier ac and 2 tier ac coaches are needed in all trains as women travel alone increasingly now. If that is not feasible, then at least a few coupes should be marked exclusively for women in day trains like inter city exp  & long distance trains
0 0 simple tag all indians with rfid system . who is going where and with whom we can easily track, all our citizens with this technology. all we have to do is just put a little implant in every one (an injection ) and feed their adhar details in it and then we can easily track their movement all their life period.
0 0 Education aim 1)Character built up 2)Developing strong opinion against superstition and believing self strength 3)Instead of teaching all subjects better focus on particular subjects from school level 4)In college education better teach about A to Z about practical things example Mobile phone's technology, manufacturing so on It Is better from practicals to theory Instead of theory to practicals example If we show symptoms of the patient and curiosity develops why It happens.
0 0 My request to the Finance Minister of India is that Govt. should removes following facilities - Relief in income Tax of Principal & Interest paid for Housing Loans. - Housing Loan should be given on usual commercial rates. In order to  (1) Give equal rights to the common man (Garib Aadmi) (2) Remove artificial demand and Black marketing of houses (3) avoid inflation in building material & labor (4) Avoid improper development and so on ..If not Government may appoint a Commission on the issue.
1 0 If the admission process for a girl child is made easy for school , college , & PG courses parents would happily send their daughters for education. In spite of caste , parents income, domicile certificate & other admission formalities which make our daughters & their parents helpless during admission process will be encourage our daughters & their parents to send them to big collages & university. In spite of good results they forced to stay home because of this hectic admission process.
1 0 Respected Sir I am having just on daughter & now she is in 10st (CBSC). I am confident that she will do well in up coming final exams. But from now I am worried about her 11st admission. The reason is the the admission process. Its very complicated. Even after having school leaving certificate which has information on the student like his caste,school joining date,parents name etc. But during admission domisiale caste ,income  is asked is hectic job. Avoid all this formality for  girl child.
1 0 Best Way to  Stop Anti Human Trafficking is by way of having (1) Community Social Group or NGO for Counselling. (2) Police Dedicated  & Separate Cell - For Tracking " Human Traffickers" in Cities/Villages (3) "Informers " to Police are the Biggest & Direct Help to Track Human Traffickers. (4) No Job or Employment  & Good Source of Income to People in Cities/Villages - Leads to Human Trafficking Business to Flourish. (5) Media Can Play Big Role in Identifying & Spreading Awareness.
0 0 Dear PM, Why FCI reforms are not being implemented. Delay in those reforms is resulting in huge leakage and misdirection of food subsidies. FCI field managers earn upto 1 crore of money per year through corruption. FCI reforms have the ability to bring gains to our farmers (producers), poor Indians (consumers) as well as food based manufacturing industry. This complex issue can not discussed in 500 characters here, but it needs urgent attention of your govt.
0 0 Dear PM, I am RSS swayamsevak. When we organize different functions, we invite sometimes government servants to those functions. Though those govt servants want to participate, but hesitate to be seen as part of RSS citing Central Civil Service rule 5, Point 12, para 2 which bans them from being member of RSS and Jamaat-e-Islami. Its shameful to club RSS with Jamaat-i-Islami. We understand this rule was brought in 1964, but now in today's changed scenario please rectify this. Thanks, Nitin
0 0 A..LET THE RICH CONSUME IN ABOVE 3 OR 5 STAR HOTELS; B..LET THE LIQUOR BE SOLD IN GOVT OUTLETS; BY SELLING LIQUOR FEW BECOME BILLIONEIR/CAPITALIST OVERNIGHT AND SLOWLY THEY BECOME LAW MAKERS. C-..LET THE PRICE OF LIQUOR BE VERY COSTLY:  if the liquor is VERY COSTLY, so that price be above the reach of poor, price of a goods increases, individuals will purchase/consume less. It is evident that youth at a very tender age spoil their life by starting to consume liquor, this is  serious.
0 0 I am writing this ONLY with the intension of  how to improve quality of Citizens, in this line I am also advocating for banning of consumption as well as selling of Liquor, if not  fully, at least below poverty line. According to me the Government must work towards a welfare States, think and work to improve the quality of Citizens, so that they can help and contribute towards making a strong India. Sir, by selling & consuming Liquor, the government is making its CITIZENS USELESS.
0 0 BAN LIQUOR – TO IMPROVE QUALITY OF CITIZENS, BY SELLING & ALLOWING IT TO CONSUME, NO DOUBT GOVT IS MAKING MONEY –BUT AT THE COST OF CITIZENS HEALTH- GOVT. IS MAKING  ITS OWN CITIZENS  USELESS, BY KILLING THEIR POTENTIAL, CAUSING FAMILY TURBULANCE. TO BUILD A STRONG NATION IT IS NEED OF HOUR TO BAN LIQUOR ACROSS, IF NOT POSSIBLE FULLY, AT LEAST BELOW POVERTY LINE.
0 0 Dear PM, Good to hear all the plans of Infrastructure Development by our new Govt. But cost of this development can be reduced if we remove the commission which contractors have to pay to Babus in Govt Dept (example, PWD dept in Punjab). Every one knows that when you quote for any road project, you have to account for 13% commission to be paid to whole heirarchy of Babus in the dept. THIS 13% commission culture has got deep rooted now and is resulting in very poor quality of Infrastructure.
0 0 I have been residing at Bangalore for the last 12 years. hence witnessed a radical transformation here. The only thing that I feel is not keeping pace with the kind of interest this city is attracting is development. An apt indicator would be the fact that it take about an hour to travel a distance of 13 kms here. i would walk it down to be faster but that would be like risking my life everyday. The way I see it, the problems of this city cannot be solved without an iron will and fist.
0 0 Dear PM sir i am cunsumer of bharat gas (Aanad gas service badarpur new delhi con. no. is 32744) sir mene lpg me apna aadhar link karaya tha (bank and distributor )both side ok but seeding nahi ho rhi hai meri lpg subsity mujhe nahi mil rahi hai. koi bhi sunne ko taiyar nahi hai bank or distributor bolte hai hamari taraf se ok hai please halp kare.hum bhi kah sake ye good gov. hai Manoj Sharma 9911222678
0 0 anna ji li call wrong no par ja raha hai
0 0 Sir, we want to participate physically in your activities how do we go about it to support this Govt.
0 0 Dear Sir we have heard Anna Hazare's speech saying that this Govt. has not kept the promises withing 365 days of functioning regarding Black money etc. so how are we going to answer back because he might again start with his ANDOLAN so please think over and act at the earliest.
0 0 Honorable PM Shri Narendra Modi Ji it is my request to you plz....initiate steps to stop corruption and...crime against women....
0 0 Despite Mid-day meal and edn promotion schemes like Sarva Siksha Abhiyan & Rajiv Vidya Mission , school drop outs increase due to lack of '' well trained teachers tuned to 21 century needs . Revamp Primary and Secondary Education Teacher Training introducing 4 year BA Ed and BSc Ed courses to train Teachers in Primary (1 to 5 grades ) and Secondary ( 6 to 8 grades ) and MA Ed & MSc Ed for Higher Secondary grades .Ethics and Sports must form compulsory curricula .Lessen political say in Edn Adm
0 0 I want to congratulate the new government for increasing the Indian pride in USA by showing the people here about our diversity and cultural richness. I further want to add that you need to sack more officers in the government who are carrying the congress ball to further their agenda and make Indians ashamed, as if we are nothing.  I see from here, that there are 50-60 such officers in Indian government who need to be changed so that bhartiyata can prevail and we achieve our national ideals.
1 0 In India many schools have a not playground available for the kids they don't have a good sports teacher and same school have a good for sports but the students have problems to go with sports because of exams and  attendees so i have sajest that tha students going for tha sport activities they have same consensus in exam and attendees and we have trays to make more good trener to the students and we have trays to makr more tournament in to the states and national level.
0 0 GOD made 3 things - Earth ,Human and Curiosity. After that never Slept.
0 0 In India many schools have no playground available for kids so ava
1 0 In a country like India where society seems so negligent about rehabilitation of people who are not in mainstream of society..like the people who have been to jails or women against whom sexual violence have been repprted...I think  government should start such training  camps in sub urban and rural areas where people are taught and trained to be more human in their attitude towards such people
0 0 sabhi log apane gar office complex shop lori  school  hospital staistion par cctv camere lagaye gov. kare or sabhi ko ye karne ka anurodh kare
0 0 All Public Transport vehicles such as buses, private taxis and vehicles with yellow and black number plates should be GPS compliant for better traffic and safety on roads.
0 0 The next topic for Man KI Baat should be Traffic on Indian Roads. This will not only address Economic Issues but also Social and Safety aspects. Use of Public Transport, Car pools should be encouraged thereby optimizing the use of natural resources, reducing pollution and bringing about sanctity, safety to all Road users. Idling of vehicles in traffic is a big waste of natural resources , highly polluting and stressful. Are we pursuing a false GDP by manufacture of large number of cars?
0 0 The New Education Policy should have Community Service as one subject with either 50 or 100 marks. Community Service should include cleanliness drive  to achieve the objectives of Swaach Bharat. It should also include RSP I.e. ROAD SAFETY PATROL and should also inculcate etiquettes of  safe driving and observing traffic regulations. Community Service should also include such civic activities  that require inculcating discipline for a better India
0 0 I knew personally and I heard from Top leaders speech on TVs about human trafficking. India has to develop strong and efficient policy irrespective of caste or religion ideas against human trafficking. We should not discriminate any person in the society, who has done crime must be punished and put into jail. Who are not done crime should not punish. I request to PM sir, please do propaganda among police and govt employees must follow ethics and law in highest regard to people
0 0 Human trafficking pushes the human race in to worst animal race.The worst part in this is the most of the victims are of socially weaker sections like women and children. The poverty drive them towrds this. The acts at present to prevent this are not implemented especially at the grass root level.Corruption at lower level should be eliminated after that People and officers who are doing ground work should be empowered more to prevent human trafficking.Another way is empowering women economically
0 0 Respected sir Namaskar I am umesh chaudhari from pune.i am government contractor by profession. Through this letter I humbly request you that whatever schemes your government is executing or intending to execute in near future please make sure your government have enough funds for the same .so that all payments can be done on time to the working agencies for government and they do not suffer any financial loss.i hope sir you will definitely consider this matter for further action. Jaihind
1 0 MKB (E Book) Last of 4 posts- The experience of providing a loan of Rs 60/ 36 years ago still gives me goose bumps & sends shiver my spine. Even now, I make it a point to visit the kiosk whenever I happen to be in JSR. Last time it was quite sometime back. I hope he has moved far beyond in all these years. I wd be grateful, if this could be considered for publication in E book bcoz it showcases what a blend os sensitivity, hardwork and honesty could do in changing lives, societies and nations.
0 0 MKB-E Book-3/6- He had set up a kiosk & was now making shoes with machines bought from bank loan. Within a year, he had moved from being a handicapped virtual beggar 2 a confident/ self made entrepreneur-from a dole seeker to a job/wealth creator-he had now given job to 2/3 guys.. In my long carrier in SBI, I have done hundreds of credit proposals-domestic/international-bilateral/syndications in all currencies but I still consider the small loan of Rs 60 as the most satisfying.and rewarding.
0 0 Contd - 2/6 MKB (E Book) -  It was May 1979 when I joined my first field posting @ Jamshedpur(JSR) to assist SSI(now MSME) & small borrowers for their credit needs. My 1st loan was 2 a cobbler who had lost the use of his limbs He used the loan 2 buy shoe brush/paint to start shoe shine on the street. He repaid the loan in a month and took a loan of Rs 200/ 2 buy nails/thread/other implements 2 start shoe repair. He repaid that in few months. Within a year his loan limit was Rs 6500/- Contd-3/6.
0 0 MAN KI BAAT - E BOOK 1/6 27th Jan joint ‘Man Ki Baat’ turned out to be ‘Dil ki Baat’ of both the leaders who have overcome their humble origins to achieve their present position in life. Referring to the ‘E Book’, I would like to share my experience as to how a close co-operation/synergy b/w a sensitive govt, motivated bankers and hardworking honest man on the street who wants 2 earn an honest living can alter life of down trodden & society @ large. Here it goes  : contd 2/6
0 0 Poor and illiterate people are usually cheated by traffickers. They are told that "we will take your child to the city and he/she will get employment". The parents trust them and hand over their children. So people should be educated to not trust such people. They should also be made aware that people can pretend to marry their daughters and then use them for trafficking. And also important is solving the financial problems of such people so that they don't hand over their kids for such reasons.
0 0 Pakistan never agree on the proofs that India provide on cross border firing. CCTV cameras, with night vision and thermal heat sensing capability, should be installed at every point to provide them a solid proofs and to reduce border infiltration.Everyday our many soldiers dying in cross border firing, Bullet proof jackets should be given to border patrolling soldiers.
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam. Aapko Request ki, aap ek baar sabhi MAHARASTRA ke janata ko bolo ki, aapke MAHARASHTRA ke sabhi '' MILL'' jo band(off) hai, hum shuru kar denewale hai. Aur sabhi ko naukri milega. Aur MH.- SOLAPUR me band(off) mill ke naam hai, 1) SOLAPUR SAH. SOOT MILL, 2) YASHWANT SAH. SOOT MILL, 3) N. G. MILL, 4) LAKSHMI-VISHNU MILL, 5) SHARDA MILL aur bhi aise bade mills band (off) hai. vo sabhi chalu karavo , aur sabhi ko naukri dilavo, THX.
0 0 10,000 SE 20,000 SABHASAD SOLAPUR (MH.) ME ''MARKSWAADI COMMUNIST PARTY'' Shri. NARSAYYA AADAM (Master) INKE DATTA NAGAR, SOLAPUR . OFFICE ME ''ASANGHATIT'' KAMGAR AUR VARISHTHA NAGRIK PENSION KE LIYE FORM BHARKAR 10 SE 15 SAAL HO GAYE, SABHI JANATA HAR SAAL PAISE BHARTE HAIN, RECEIPT LEKAR ''ASANGHATIT KAMGAR'' CARD ME NONDANI KARATE HAIN. AAPKO VINANTI HAI, KI SABHI RAJYO ME , SABHI JANATA KO & ''ASANGAHATIT KAMGAR'' & VARISHTHO KO PER MONTH Rs.2000/- PENSION MILE, yeh vyvastha karo DHANYAWAD.
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam. Aapko Request ki, aap SABHI SARKARI HOSPITALS ME SABHI RAJYON ME, JAISE KE, CIVIL HOSPITAL, ESI HOSPITALS, SABHI ROGIYON (PATIENTS) KO SABHI TARAH KE DAVAYEEYAN MILNI CHAHIYE YEH VYAVASTHA HUM AAPKO KARENGE. Yeh baat bolo , aur yeh vyavastha karke krupa karo, (KYON KI, SARKARI HOSPITALS ME DAVAYEE STOCK NAHI HAIN, YEH JAWAB ZYADA AATE HAIN.) yeh vinanti hai. DHANYAWAAD.... DHANYAWAAD.... DHANYAWAAD....!
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam. Aapko Request ki, aap ek baar sabhi MAHARASTRA ke janata ko bolo ki, aapke MAHARASHTRA ke sabhi '' MILL'' jo band(off) hai, hum shuru kar denewale hai. Aur sabhi ko naukri milega. Aur MH.- SOLAPUR me band(off) mill ke naam hai, 1) SOLAPUR SAH. SOOT MILL, 2) YASHWANT SAH. SOOT MILL, 3) N. G. MILL, 4) LAKSHMI-VISHNU MILL, 5) SHARDA MILL aur bhi aise bade mills band (off) hai. vo sabhi chalu karavo , aur sabhi ko naukri dilavo, THX.
0 0 10,000 SE 20,000 SABHASAD SOLAPUR (MH.) ME ''MARKSWAADI COMMUNIST PARTY'' Shri. NARSAYYA AADAM (Master) INKE DATTA NAGAR, SOLAPUR . OFFICE ME ''ASANGHATIT'' KAMGAR AUR VARISHTHA NAGRIK PENSION KE LIYE FORM BHARKAR 10 SE 15 SAAL HO GAYE, SABHI JANATA HAR SAAL PAISE BHARTE HAIN, RECEIPT LEKAR ''ASANGHATIT KAMGAR'' CARD ME NONDANI KARATE HAIN. AAPKO VINANTI HAI, KI SABHI RAJYO ME , SABHI JANATA KO & ''ASANGAHATIT KAMGAR'' & VARISHTHO KO PER MONTH Rs.2000/- PENSION MILE, yeh vyvastha karo DHANYAWAD.
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam. Aapko Request ki, aap  SABHI SARKARI HOSPITALS ME SABHI RAJYON ME, JAISE KE, CIVIL HOSPITAL, ESI HOSPITALS, SABHI ROGIYON (PATIENTS) KO SABHI TARAH KE DAVAYEEYAN MILNI CHAHIYE YEH VYAVASTHA HUM AAPKO KARENGE. Yeh baat bolo , aur yeh vyavastha karke krupa karo, (KYON KI, SARKARI HOSPITALS ME DAVAYEE STOCK NAHI HAIN, YEH JAWAB ZYADA AATE HAIN.)  yeh vinanti hai. DHANYAWAAD.... DHANYAWAAD.... DHANYAWAAD....!
0 0 I want to share some idea on anti-corruption. I am working in Muscat(Oman) and I have noticed that all the government paper work fees is done through ATM/Debit Card. The culprit will not take risk to take bribe or extra money because customer has a proof as bank statement of ATM usage and ATM usage receipt. Customer can go to the police and show the proofs.Cash has no track record,where and how much money is wasted at each level in the process.
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam.  Aapko Request ki, aap ek baar sabhi MAHARASTRA ke janata ko bolo ki, aapke MAHARASHTRA ke sabhi '' MILL'' jo band(off) hai, hum shuru kar denewale hai. Aur sabhi ko naukri milega. Aur MH.- SOLAPUR me band(off) mill ke naam hai, 1) SOLAPUR SAH. SOOT MILL, 2) YASHWANT SAH. SOOT MILL, 3) N. G. MILL, 4) LAKSHMI-VISHNU MILL, 5) SHARDA MILL  aur bhi aise bade mills band (off) hai. vo sabhi chalu karavo , aur sabhi ko naukri dilavo, THX.
0 0 Sir while coal prices have fallen by 50%, Adani Power has not shown a 50% decrease in fuel cost (primarily coal).
0 0 On railways also v cn do 1 thing..increase the cancelation amount,keep a bogie for confirmed tickets at double price,can increase the fare of Ac class but don't increase for sleeper n general.can add a bogie as a restraunt in rail journey for more than 1 day,like Delhi to Bangalore/chennai takes around 2 days.
0 0 I know it is impossible to eliminate corruption 100%,but atleat we can do a bit for common man,what actually common man wants other than food which you are providing at low costs..ground application should be good.the other thing is transportation and road..improvisation of bad roads,believe me common man will b happy.1st step to make a place world class is road &transportation because even for electricity, people can arrange gensets n inverter but for roads they are completely depends on govt.
0 0 To Sir, I want to suggest You That,there should be a MediClaim For Our Teeth`s Also.In All The Nations Around The World People Get MediClaim For Teeth`s Also,but in India It Is Not There. So I request You Please In The Next Budget Please Try For Taking Out Policy Of Mediclaim For Dental Also .Thank You
0 0 Creating a Sustainable Agriculture Dear Prime Minister, It is very important that we create a sustainable agriculture environment to take care of our farmers. It is an irony that people who feed us are the ones who commit suicide on account of poverty and hunger. I would suggest a special purpose vehicle for the same which can use "Contract Farming" to consolidate the land (only for cropping purposes) with a guarantee or ownership to the farmer. This can be guaranteed by the Government.
0 0 I really want to see the BJP led MODI government prevent corruption by not printing the high denomination RUPEE notes, they should bring this legislation, they have enough majority to pass the house without any dependency. All the developed countries stopped/limited corruption with this legislation in the past. It is a proven solution, it did wonders in lot of countries like UK and USA. People should use the bank accounts for most of there transactions. Please support this!!
0 0 Prevent corruption - anti corruption department appeals every one to come forward and complain against government officials asking for bribes. The problem quite often is people are feared that their work will never be done by the same department as part of grudge on making  complainit.  My suggestion is - government should assure that if people complain against asking for bribe their job will be done in stipulated time period (e.g. in 5 working days) and someone will make sure job is done.
1 0 Open Forum should be open form for ALL ideas. You may classify as you like or let us post on the listed topics. Why do I have to Join a group to post my views. I want to post views on different topics - besides my four groups.
0 0 Sir we are residing near western boarder of Pakistan inganganagar dist.boarder roads are in very bad shape in case any war starts with pak our army from suratgagh can't reach on boarder very easily it will take at least three hours to reach Anupgagh77 k.m. from cant suratgagh. For the safety of national boarders please do the needful
1 0 mr.modi ji in USA for all the min.speed of internet is 1GB but in INDIA only PMO office use this speed. so i request you to do some thing in this area for grow  youth Po
1 0 sir desh ki swasthya seva me jabardast sudhar laya ja sakta h agar ayush doctors ko b swasthya sevao se tik tarah se joda jaye to.desh me badi sankhya me ayush doctors hai but sahi suvidhao or monitoring ki vajah se hum unka labh nhi le pa rahe h ...behtar swasthya seva agar hum chahte to hume ayush ki impotance ko janana hoga ..ayurved dispensrio me sahi suvidhao ke abhav me dr.kam nhi kr pate h..
0 0 COVERAGE OF OBAMA VISIT BY INDIAN MEDIA WAS VERY IMMATURE. DISCUSSION REGARDING CHEWING OF GUM BY OBAMA, APPARENTLY NICOTINE GUMS TO SUPPESS DESIRE FOR SMOKING  WAS SHOWN IN POOR LIGHT. SIMILARLY, FIRS WAS BRANDED AS GETTING BORED WHILE SEEING PARADE...DID SHE SAY IT? THEN WHY SUCH DEROGATORY COMMENTS? SUCH NEGATIVE REPORTING BY INDIAN MEDIA DOES NOT MAKE US WORLD CLASS..BUT OF A TYPICAL BROWN MANTALITY CLASS...MEDIA SHOULD LEARN SOME BASICS TO TREAT VIP GUESTS... .
0 0 #Yes we can is a good theme that need transformation in real sense if the youth of the nation get respective chances in their fields. The possibilities and results will be beyond our thinking if every individual given a chance to perform and deliver. The current pace of development is merely 10% as the talent is not getting the exposure they want in their field. Engineering, medical, teaching, defence, politics, arts and many other fields are available but need is opportunity to the smart youth.
0 0 I WAS SHOCKED TO SEE RAILWAY PLATFORM IN  CHINA..SO NEAT AND CLEAN..NO OVERCROWDING ..ONLY THOSE WHO HAD TICKETS WERE ALLOWED TO ENTER PLATFORMS.NO SHOPS, ...A LADY CONDUCTOR IN THE COACH COLLECTED ALL THE GARBAGE IN A PLASTIC BAG...FURTHER, THERE SHOULD BE SOME MORE WIDE GALARIES IN THE COACHES... .
0 0 TO MINISTRY OF RAILWAY: I SUGGESTTO CHANGE THE COLOR OF RAILWAY COACHES.PRESENTLY , IT IS DUST/RUST COLOR AND IT IS NOT VISIBLE IN THE DARK AND HAS CAUSED MANY ACCIDENTS.IF COLOUR OF THE COACHES IS CHANGED TO YELLOW AND  ALL CORNERS HAVING LINING OF FROURESCENT STRIPS THEN IT WILL SIGN EVEN INDIM LIGHTS AND ANIMALS NEAR TRACK CAN ALSO SEE THAT SOMETHING BRIGHT IS COMING...THIS WILL BE A GREAT STEP TO REDUSE ACCIDENTS...
0 0 NITIN KASHYAP, TODAY TRAIN OF YOUR RELATIVES WAS LATE SO YOU ARGUED FOR CLAIMS FROM RAILWAY...HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT OF COMPLEXITY OF RUNNING SUCH HUGE RAILWAY SYSTEM?..IT IS TOUGH AND VERY TYPICAL WEATHER, THAT MAKES RUNNING TRAINS VERY DIFFICULT...SPEED CAN NOT BE MAINTAINED..FOG CAN NOT BE BYPASSED/IGNORED..IT IS GOOD THAT RAILWAY HAS NOT CANCELLED TRAINS..IT IS BETTER LATE THAN NO SERVICE...
0 0 good to hear man ki baat on radio. it would be awesome if thought converted into action otherwise all the thing would gone useless
0 1 Me government se ye janna chahta hu ki koi aisi sanstha hai jha aam admi apne ideas share kar sake, aur koi naye avishkar ke liye aam admi ki help kr sake.
0 1 Aaj mere kuch relatives lucknow se bhopal ke liye gaye train no 12184 se joki subah 9 am par bhopal pahuchni thi par shaam 4 pm par pahuchi. Mera sabal yeh hai ki train late hone par hume railway se claim milna chahiye taki railway aise system lagu kar sake jisse train late na ho aur yadi late ho to railway apne yatio ko ganto ke hisaab se claim degi
0 0 Agar hum kisi bhi city me ho aur agar kisi ko jor se toilet aa jae to use kafi dur jana padega ya sadak par kisi kone pe karna padegi kyoki toilets kebal kuch hi jagaho pe milenge. To jab government ka system hi kharab hai to hum logo ko iska jimmedar kaise thehra sakte hai.
0 0 Today I saw my housekeeper who collect waste from all houses of my colony, but he do not wear globes and collect garbage with his naked hand he was with his wife and two children. What do government do for their health. Why they don't wear globes and mask etc., why their children were not going to school
0 0 Why government jobs have age limits, while private jobs don't have any age limit, so that talented persons can join his favorite company in any age before 60.
1 0 Make a committee with an activist as it's hea
0 0 Outsource traffic system on PPP model.  Invite bids for installation of CCTVs camera on red-lights with 24x7 customer care.  Monitor online traffic violations, movements, faults & send the e-challan with image proof at registered address of defaulter with online payment option.  If fails to submit in time, the challan A/m multiplies.  If challenged, for innocence challan  be exempted but for fault it increases by Rs. 500 for wasting court time. Company may charge 10% on each challan deposited
1 0 Stop on-the-spot payment of traffic violation challan.  Traffic cops can note registered address through original RC, Insurance or other documentary proofs & should send challan at residence address only with option of online payment within 15 days of receipt of the notice. In case owner fails to pay challan in 15 days, the challan amount gets multiplies every fortnight & after 3 months a jail of 6 months and penalty.   It will help reducing the bribe system in traffic to some extent.
0 0 where are the jobs sir ...i voted for you , biggest  disappointment i am being facing is the lack quality jobs in biotechnology sector , i have studied this subject till masters level  ....what kind of this is this ...government jobs zero ...private jobs not there ....where are we heading ...do something sir .
2 0 To make Swachh Bharat sucessful, all Municipal Boards and Corp. of India should allowed to bring IPOs and issue shares to public by which they will raise huge funds and list and trade on stock market, by that huge funds they may buy Machines, world class equipment and employ good quality professionals in Corporation. With this the Corporations may start providing high end services to clean areas or location and charge a pre fixed expenditure model and easy monthly installments from RWAs etc.
1 0 There should be simpleness in tax laws and bribes by officers should be checked should take hard step against who take bribe as income tax officers interested in only taking bribes not their duty properly.
0 0 India has more prominent places like  Taj Mahal.   Especially in south India large temples of architecture exhibiting our ancestors mastery in civil construction.  Understand Agra is nearby   to Delhi. But Taj alone is not a master piece to show to the world.
0 0 For RuPay card the gov. while issuing it should put the photo of the account holder and also should mention the Adhar card no. on that so it can be used as id proof.
0 0 Health insurances should be made compulsory while filling any gov. Declarations, right from school admissions to income tax returns. With Adhar cards to voter's card or even making a notarized documents. It should be clubbed with Adhar card and bank account. The insurance documents should be treated as any other document proof for id or address. To avail any facilities from Gov one should produce any type of insurance cover.
1 0 Sir  after  getting ideas  on  dIfferent issues  you  must begin to implement on it.
3 0 There are three groups. First is those who are "responsible for Human Trafficking". Severe punishments should be given to those involved in human trafficking business (prostitution, begging, child labor). The second  is "users". Users need to understand that human trafficking is un-human and is crime punishable by laws. The third group is "victims". Most of these people are not aware of their rights to live in human society.  Education, and help from society to live productive life is essential.
0 0 goals, targets ,objectives and VISSION & MISSION of IDEAL,MODEL AND WELFARE SOCIETY AS PURE. PEACEFUL , PROSPEROUS, CLEAN, SAFE AND FREE FROM CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM & FAVORITISM - THE WORLD,WE WANT AS"SPIRITUALITY" IS THE PANACEA FOR ALL CRIMES, EVILS AND ULTIMATE SOLUTION FOR ALL PROBLEMS !!!
0 0 Human beings should not be treated as a commodity, everyone of us has the right to live with dignity. But few people out of greed for money have got into this evil of what they call as their business, it is a shame that people can get so low. One should ask them don't they have families, with mothers, sisters, wives?
0 0 It is heartening that the governmnent has thought it fit to mention Human Trafficking as a concern. (Please refer to DNA's coverage of trafficking - the final part was in today's paper). Mostly, poor and powerless people are the victims of this trade. So I suggest stringent punishment (including RI in jail) for policemen who look the other way/refuse to take down complaints, the end-users (the rich people of posh Delhi/Bangalore colonies) who exploit these people mercilessly, and the agents.
0 0 Sir....What i think the only way to stop this is by developing a co-ordination between the police of different states...and they should be accountable for their respective steps... and it will be more effective if you create the special wing fully dedicated  for these cases..this is not a matter of 10-20 people...actually this is a matter of millions of indian citizen who is directly or indirectly attached to it.....
1 0 Sir human trafficking also uses internet and social networking sites to lure people.we need to create awareness among the young people not to share sensitive information with strangers and also to enlist the support of cyber to know the identity of various websites that offer jobs.
1 0 There will be make a plan to stop human  trafficking.
1 0 This appalling problem of human trafficking that we face today has insidiously taken it's course because of lack of seriousness on the issue shown by implementers.I hope that is no more the case.
2 0 Modi-Obama joint 'Man Ki Bat': Skill and technology (Daksh) is special virtue of America. A the peak of it the collective consciousness gets the zeal to meet Supreme Consciousness ( Shiva).  India has the required expertise. If they can marry their material consciousness with India's pure consciousness then it is a perfect Ardhnariswar state. A selfless and eternal relationship without boundaries.
2 1 Human trafficking need to be tackled with heavy hands.  Till the time there is no fear in the minds of the people involved in this henious crime, they will continue.  The present system seems to have failed in controlling this problem.  The best way is to have a separate Cell under the Home Ministry with special task force backed with local informers. The branches should be set up in each state. Strict vigil should be in the vulnerable areas with randam checks of suspected vehicles, trains, buses, etc.
0 0 Please give the Human Rights Education for the whole Nation so people may understand the concept of Human Rights and also increase in knowing the Social ethics of behaving to others.
0 0 Sir please increase character limit for posts. Sometimes it is too difficult to express our feelings in 500 characters.
1 0 Sir, how will I know if any government official has read my comments or posts? Please provide mechanism to tell if the post has been seen by the PMO or any reliable department in the Government, liked or unliked. It should be informed through SMS.
0 0 We can create a separate temporary (e.g for five years) anti-trafficking unit under the central or states home ministry  and giving that unit certain powers like CBI.
0 0 sir, now a days farmers are very angry on government policy, they didn't get that why government stop's export of many things??
0 0 Sir Regarding Railway  Facility we are from Coast Parts of Karnataka and the people are totally depends on Land / Railway and we dont have  proper train connectivity . When DV Sadandna Gowda is minister he proposed day train to blore to blore but our badluck he was removed from Ministry  till today train is not started .so i request you pls instruct the Railway minsitry to look into our issue. regards Pradeep
0 0 Human Trafficking is a  problem can be eradicate within 180 days No. 1:- all political people those elected by the people have to treated as honorary employees of Central Govt, 2. Their remunerations/pensions  should be give by central Govt. 3. If they not taken retirement from active politics then they will hold responsible for this type of Trafficking. 4. All members have to visit their respective area with 15 days intervals(except Ministers) & with signature at Panchayat.
3 1 ban porn sites sir,
1 0 regarding education i feel we should develop our ancient time systems because even that time if people pass metric he will be more knowledgeable than today's graduate students. I personally feel we all study only as exam oriented not for knowledge, because we give more importance to certificates rank more than present talent and work capacity of that person. also there is lot of restriction on teachers. so we should think about it.
2 1 i feel that now a days all bad activities regarding girls or with child's are happening because of peoples miss understanding. under the banner of sex education not all but mass number of ppl are getting wrong things in hand. so all seductive websites should be banned and it should be done by the court, if they restrict the majorly used webs like Google, then it will happen. also i request to pm that on this 26th jan please aware ppl regarding it
0 0 I want to discuss the topic of education in India we all know very well over government is investing a huge amount of money in government school but the government is not getting that much success. Government is providing mid day mel , Scholarship and free study account of this we are not collecting 20-30 students in school. Why it is so...???
0 0 please take d issue of terrorist activity in pakistan,misuse of capital aid given by americans to pakistan...also talk about the bhopal gas tragedy...
1 1 I think that In RTE act 2009 , there should be ammendment. In Private school 25% seats should be reserve for BPL ST/ SC family.
1 0 I think that government should plan for traffic lights at every turned roads to avoid  accidents and at every traffic light a traffic police officer should be there who is honest and does his duty correctly so that every citizen of india respects traffic rules and regulations
2 0 all human traffiking in india supported by politicians,police officer and other high profile people....number of law made on human traffiking... UPA gov. launch"UJJAWALA" PROJECT to halted human traffiking... honable PM serious we require a stroged determination and awareness about human traffiking in general public. please add a chapter of human traffiking add in 6th to 12th class in social science. A strong determination by all politician to stop human traffiking and a strike punishment for criminal invove in traffiking...
0 0 Due to communication gap & due brokers/agent this type of offence occurring several time, while maximum number  of  people required for farming & cultivation still agents/dalals are able for trafficking due to our mismanagement, if we are able to provide work  from private sector/public sector then we can only solve the problems permanently.
0 0 It is one of the biggest social problems that we are facing today in this 21st century. Definitely in this era of knowledge and social development this problem is a black spot on humanity and a shame for those who still have not understood the meaning of independence and freedom for all. We have always fought for the cause of social equality but still a section of devils present within our very own society don't understand this. The problem is too big but we have to find a solution to it .
1 0 BETI BACHAO BETI PATHAO, YOGA FOR GOOD HEALTH AND ENERGY SAVING ARE GOOD STEPS. EDUCATED INDIA WILL PREVENT HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND MAKE IT PROSPEROUS COUNTRY. PRIVATIZATION OF ORDNANCE FACTORIES ARE GOOD STEPS AND IT IS WELCOME. THOSE WHO DO NOT WORK GOOD MAY BE FORCEFULLY RETIRED FROM SERVICE AND THEIR WARDS MAY BE PROVIDED CHANCE TO WORK IN THAT ORGANISATION.
1 0 Birth rejistration must for evry one.  Jail for pare.nts selling kids, harsh punishment for human traffic kers
0 0 Talking about Yoga Please please refer to this one blog. This Blog has got amazing Information on Yoga and things related to NaMo. http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/search?updated-min=2015-01-01T00:00:00%...
0 0 Talking about Yoga Please please refer to this one blog. This Blog has got amazing Information on Yoga and things related to NaMo. http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/search?updated-min=2015-01-01T00:00:00%...
0 0 Dear sir,my opinion is all private sectors should come in govt undertaken and one separate commission should me make because all private companies only think about self not think about employees such as salary structures, working hrs and employee welfare.
0 0 Fast and fair justice is a great necessity of today.
0 0 Dear Sir, My Suggestion is for improving the Traffic system in India..All you need to do is to give a deadline for 3/6 mnth to all DL holders to get their licence renewed for free..The existing DL will be invalid after that date..All that they have to do is to go to Respective RTO personally and give a basic 10 points Driving test,Which will have basic knowledge and Rules of Driving a vehicle in India, If one passes this test his DL will be renewed if not his existing DL will be cancelled
0 0 Sir, Giving degree to any youth from any field law must be there to serve nathion for atleast one year under proper guidance like article ship / trainee of professional courses
0 0 sir g.b nagar me 2014 scholarship nahi mili hai please kuch kariye...please sir kuch kariye
0 0 Sir, First time  sharing please but the courts are giving so many dates is really horrible. first of all it come late to the desk and then starts dates.. I  strongly believe when it comes to desk.  maximum with in two months it must be ordered. what for and why so many dates  of after 15 days or months  given and lingering the case? please see it and do the need full
0 0 Sir, the core issue driving trafficking is poverty & lack of employment. Hence, sufficient development of all regions, improvement in agriculture & industry will reduce this menace. However, rehabilitation measures are needed for those rescued so as to prevent them from returning to their old ways. the role of government, society & NGO's is equal. We should stand as one to prevent child labour, organised trafficking in women & indentured labour.Better intelligence at local level is needed.
0 0 Government of India can make use of ROBOTS at border areas at vulnerable and possible checkpoints where the terrorists can enter in the Indian boundary and at Sea, Mountains and Inland areas where there is greater risk to life. These robots can help a lot in strengthening the armed bases and can be used in combating terrorism and Gorilla attacks at enemy/militants. The task of building robots can be assigned to technical institutes like IITs and through more FDI and foreign defence deals.
2 0 Gov should add new scientific topics to the primary schools and should appoint teacher for this task.when students will get this knowledge at primary stage,then they will try to build Digital India..Their participation from their  primary age will help our nation
0 0 I have been associated with Modi for the past 8 yeas of my business with gujarath i understand your method fully.  unfortunately our country is so much divided by caste and religion and greedy unethical politicians no body is able to make the best out of you
0 0 India has not produced any Nobel prize winner in science in the last 85 years. Is it due to the lack of great ideas or scientist or the lack of scientific environment in the country? I kindly request to the government that plz provide opportunities for scientific hungers. We are eagerly waiting to do something different in science that takes indias pride high.
1 0 Does anyone from govt offices reads these posts? For example, does Honorable PM Shri Modi even know what people are posting here?
0 1 There is a practice going on in UP since Mayawati's rule till today that on liquor quarter Rs 5 half 10/- and on full bottle Rs 20 is being charged extra on Printed MRP. No one is ready to listen, not Police, not Media, not Vendor. As per Vendors the money goes upto Chief Minister. I want to draw your attention towards this open loot going on in whole UP's Jungle Raj. Any one can confirm this by practically Buying from any vendor. I am not in favour of encouraging drinking but against the loot.
0 0 I work in a mental hospital.  There are many persons who have been lost and have been admitted by court order. We are failing to find there relatives. If one national software can be formed which will tell the names of the relatives of one person, when the name/ fingerprint/ photographs of the lost person is put to the software,  it may be of help. This can be done with the help of voter id card or ADHAAR card etc.
0 0 Focus: We are heading towards becoming a strong economy in coming future but are the developments so claimed are visible to common people. Why don't we get focused on say one or at max two steps at  a time. for example lets take Roads and electricity supply. once these two facilities are development it can be assured that development will be paced and synchronized at the same time with that of common people. instead of starting too many initiatives it might be judicious to stick to one direction
0 0 On 6th nov. I have my desire for kiran bedi, and  today she is in bjp, thanks,  kash god se kuch aur  bhi manga hota
0 0 Child forced labor & slavery to be banned . No dowry . Dowry system shld banned at grass root level.  Other small job to be given by government to prostitutes who want to leave their current work . Pros. should get respect in the society i they want to change their job.
0 0 LED roof-top lighting can be placed in each houses, where there is no street light to avoid any criminal act in dark places. Also, there is no column to write about the ideas to fight against terror in ur website, pls add it.
1 0 Strict laws should be mad
0 1 To my understanding, we must not get swayed by political attack and start taking economy unfriendly decisions. Fuel price in the range of Rs 60  (petrol) and Rs 55 (Diesel) is an equilibrium position. No need for any reduction. The govt. in turn sohuld focus on fiscal consolidation creating extra infrastructure ... from the surplus money. regds
0 0 HOW GET JOB IN DIGITAL INDIA IN HARYANA ANYONE  TELL
1 0 How pity it is to see a man begging in the silver paint on the popular locations . Though he just wants to fill his belly with our penny, its quite a disgrace for me to see the man who is begging pretending in the posture of mahatma gandhiji . I request the authorities to at least ban people begging in the silver paint .  Gandhiji would be delighted to see a swatch Bharat , but would never feel proud watching over a guy begging in his disguise.
1 0 Garbage at One Place is Raw material at other this we should keep in mind.If Govt. agencies open depots for purchase of  garbage items like glass, paper, polythene , plastic items and all unused items which are thrown on roads and other places. All the garbage items are automatically collected at depots and from there the recycler of old paper, polythene cow dung glass , metal old furniture, clothes electronic items will collect paying a handsome fee that can be used to run the depot.
0 0 Name-    Jan Palan Yojna Place -  Niti Aayog / MHRD Services - Naitik Shiksha, Effective Education, Vocational Education, Food Distribution System.Physical Edu, Samuchit Bhojan Samagri Vyavstha , Communication
0 0 The Retail price of all items (MRP) in the market is decided by the Producer of those items and MRP is marked, except Agriculture products. Why a method for the agriculturist to fix the price of their product can not be envisaged so that the agriculturist or farmers of our country will be benefited. The price of their products are now decided by the middle men procuring/ selling their products. Cannot we have procedure by which a farmers body will decide the price of their product?.
0 0 Please see the horrible conditions of salary structure of contractual  staffs of various Central Govt. Schemes in Tripura. Sir please explain how can we survive with the lowest salary. I am getting Rs. 10,800.00 p.m. under NHM. please sir. Help us
0 0 Sir, I am a youth & serving at NRHM Under Tripura Govt. Sir we are getting too much less salary. For that we cant survive. In work place, the officers & State govt. Staffs are underestimate us every time.Whereas the less educated state govt staffs are getting more than us. Sir i cant understand, what is being going on with us? Please see the matter sir immidiately. Please help us to live with proud to be an Indian.
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=779860608761940&set=vb.590505157697... Sir, I am  a great fan of yours. l always believed in your "acche din aanewala hai". but after watching the above video and many other videos where moral policing is reaching its height . I have lost the hope of india getting better. It makes me unsecure in the public to be with my loved ones.  And yet again we proving that INDIA IS A COUNTRY WHERE WE CAN PEE IN PUBLIC BUT CANNOT LOVE . HELP US! PLEASE !
0 0 Strict law should be made
1 0 Start working on import substitution..and invest more and more on Special economic zone...with 100% production fir export..do more marketing and advt for growth of international trade...and accept new technology for more and more production with optimum utilization of natural resourses.
0 0 NITI AYOG Secretariat needs to be slim as compared to its predecessor body (Plng Cmsn)- Assuming 6 Zones (N,S,W,E,C,NE)>6Divisions;2 under Addl. Secys and 4 under JSs catering to each of the zones and groups of Ministries/Sectors grouped according to homogeniety relationship. Subject Matter Specialists of various levels have important role. Not more than 20 Directors/Dy.S/US are required. PS/SOs/Asst./Clerks/Data Entry Operators would suffice. E-mode/Computerisation system technology necessary.
0 0 STOP  POLITICS  IN ALL GEVORNMENT OFFICES.
1 0 It is Good that our Economy is steadily Progressing at a Growth Phase, with more number of Literates. But Unfortunate scenario is People have forgotten the Basics of Treating our fellow citizens by giving respect., Ego clashes have increased and Humanity is getting lost slowly. I guess the best wayto bring back humanity is fight against ego clashes and hatredness. This will not only make india proud but also other countries in the world will learn from us and entire world will become clean
0 0 Sir in 1947 we were allotted some land by govt which was left behind by people who went to Pakistan on their will n wish. That land is called madruka and even today we don't have any right to that land even still we r cultivating it.if any day govt want to take it they don't give a single rupee to us and our consent is not required. It is still on the name of those who are in pakistan . land to tiller bill says after 5 yrs of cultivating tiller has 50% right but we don't have 1 % after 67 yrs
0 0 Allowances of defence personal should be equal e g if two persons are deployed in Kashmir both have equal threat of insurgency if u agree juniors have more threat but unfortunately allowance which are given say other story.
0 0 Good afternoon Sir Today is army day and u have send your best wishes through Facebook twitter etc etc.Can u please abolish sahayak/ orderly system from the army in which a jaw an(combatant soldier) has to clean clothes and polish shoes of officers. Why an officer who calls them army man even after years of retirement can't even polish his shoes or wash his clothes while in service. Britishers started these things but unfortunately no one stopped it even after so many years of independence.
0 0 Modi ji we r looking forward to ur action against corruption. Do reform in field of bureaucracy, judiciary and politics .Education is another field. School management is fleecing parents, public schools teacher r nt getting proper salary.
0 0 omg.....i get goosebumps listening to this.......heart break for the family and the kid being targeted
0 0 We say schools are the best in providing education,our children spends most of the time in school unless they became primary adult age 16/17.If schools are good in providing educations then all tutions needs to be banned completely. Tuition teach our kids aggressions, more for parents...all such institution which are teaching & making good money for themselves needs to be banned.let children should give their inner best which is inside them, why make them competitive in sending such classes ?
0 0 Mr. PM in India there there is a great need to bring people to abide by the law of the land irrespective of their socioeconomic status, religion, caste they belong to and their political clout. The day a criminal or a person with criminal motives thinks he or she cannot get away after committing a crime, is the day when India will see a fall in crime numbers. And to bring about this fear or the need to follow the law of the land, is in the hands of the Govt and it law enforcing agencies.
2 0 Digital Technologies which include Cloud Computing and Mobile Applications have emerged as catalysts for rapid economic growth and citizen empowerment across the globe.when  we are talking about digital India we shoud start from grassroot like we should install CCTV Camera at every signal and also at every sensitive areas so,that we would be able to track every activity.I think this one is great innovation for all digital indian's and deserving maximum LIKES.
2 0 Hon'ble PM, I just want to submit my view as to when the vehicles are stolen and nothing is done by the Police in spite of a F.I.R. In Uttar Pradesh, no Online records are managed when a vehicle has been stolen by & recovered from the thieves. I think....without a proper Online record of the stolen vehicles as well as the recovered vehicles, no one can find a justice in this matter and their respective grievances will be unresolved. A fully computerized system should be installed to see status.
1 0 Sir, Railway and Roads should be world Class.  I love my Prime Minister Modi to take initiate to make these sectors world class.  Our country's NH-1 (GT Road) should be definitely hurdle free and  should be non stop driving.  NH-1 from Delhi to Amritsar should be should be signal free means covered with flyovers.
1 0 Hi, My name is Shyam Sunder. I am from Hyderabad, I would like post something about the Education System in Hyderabad and Urban areas near by Hyd, In Hyd, middle class and above middle class people cant afford good schools due to the fees to high. There is no control on the tution fee and others by the govt. It has to be there. Every child has the right to have a good education in this country,but good schools are charging more and rural/interior schools are not having quality. Govt has to think
1 0 My name is pradeep ..I am from gandhinagar gujarat ..Recently I  visited ahmedabadh railway station...I could see lot of people coming in general compartment without ticket , from bangal..I got a chance to speak one of the passenger ...he said that he came here for a job in ahmedabadh with his wife..he said he will get 100 (hundred ) rupees only a day if he work for 10 hours..in railway station no police men checked his id card..I saw one police man was sleeping..one was playing android game...
1 0 MODIJI , MAI MAHARASHTRA KE WARORA TALUKA SE HU. ABHI CM SHRI FADANVIS SIR NE 2000 CR. FARMERS KE LIYE SANCTIONED KIYE THE USME SE WARORA TALUKA KO INCLUDE NAHI KIYA GAYA HAI .... AAP AGAR AKAR DEKHE TO PAYENGE KI YAHA FARMERS NE DUSRI FASAL KE LIYE BIJ TAK NAHI BOYE HAI KYUKI YAHA SAB BARISH KE PANI PE DEPEND HAI AUR ES SAL BARISH NAHI HUI....SO I AM ASKING U A QUESTION ....HUM LOGO KO KYU ESASE VANCHIT RAKHA GAYA HAI.....
1 0 PM Modiji, infrastructure & traffic situation in IT Capital Bangalore is getting worse by every passing day. Even though traffic police are trying their best, there is no improvement. This is creating a bad impression about Bangalore to the outside world as new companies are hesitant to enter Bangalore due to the poor infrastructure. Would it be possible for you to influence the state government here & improve the situation?
1 0 LIKE TO DRAW ATTENTION OF PM TO MAKE ARRANGEMENT AS CSR ACTIVITY BY CORPORATES TO PROVIDE MOBILE DIGITAL VAN WHICH MAY REACH TO REMOTE VILLAGES AND PROVIDE GOVT SERVICES LIKE UID ENROLLMENT. BIRTH DEATH ENROLLMENT COMPUTER EDUCATION INFORMATION GIVING. GREVIENCE AND COMPLAINT RECORDING  DATA VERIFICATION ETC . AS A INITIATIVE FOR DIGITAL INDIA AS MOST OF THE INDIAN BENEFICIARIES ARE IN VILLAGES NOT IN CITIES
0 0 PM MUST SERIOUSLY THINK TO NAME ALL THE GOVT OFFICES AS PUBLIC SURVENT OFFICE AS PREFIX TO ALL OFFICES TO REMIND TAT THE GOVT EMPlOYEES ARE PUBLIC SURVENT PAID OUT OF  MONEY GIVEN BY THE PUBLIC.TO WHOM THEY ACTUALLY TREAT AS INFERIOR CLASS AND BURDEN TO THEIR OFFICE. PUBLIC TRY TO REACH THEM WHERE AS THE SHOULD REACH TO PUBLIC.
1 0 It is true that human trafficking origin from ancient times but in recent time it is serious crime. So we can built a system where the birth certificate starts with unique registration number and after each 3 year verify enrollment  and start record education achievements with health routine checkups  up to 18 years after that he/she got  enrolled to election commission and UID etc.,on the basis of that registration number which is provided at the birth certificate time. Implemented to all .
1 0 Need to declare each year as a year dedicated to a personality who worked for betterment of Bharat. Plan many activities throughout the year related to this personality. I suggest names starting with Chanakya, BhartruHari, Basaweshwar, Adi Shankaracharya, Sant Dyaneshwar, Eknath, Ramdas, Tukaram, Namdev, Sikh Gurur's etc. This will instill values in people.
2 0 Please start a campaign called "Plant a Tree" on the lines of Swachh Bharat from May 2015. This will enable green India. Also instill environment consciousness in people.
0 0 besides Ganga we have to address the Plight of Rivers like Kiul,Falgu Sewane (In Hazaribagh )whichare drying due to loss of green cover in their catchment areas we must Ensure de silting deepening and  Dredging of rivers to sustain water Retaining capacity of these rivers Particularly in the Plain areas and ensure at least 5 meter Depth Build small water retaining efforts like low height water barriers made of stone or RCC while allowing space for water Navigation
0 0 Besides Clean Ganga We have to address rivers like Falgu in Gaya Kiul River in Lakhisarai or sewane in Hazaribagh which are dying due to loss of green cover in their catchment area we have to Ensure de silting and  Dredging to sustain water Retaining capacity of these rivers Particularly in the Plain areas and ensure at least 25 meter Depth Build small water retaining efforts like low height water barriers made of stone or RCC while allowing space for water Navigation & excess water outflow
0 0 Dear PM With due respect and regret to inform you that I find a primary school operating under the flyover of YAMUNA BANK Metro station. It is exactly when we go to Yamuna Bank Metro Station. They school management any how engraved 7 or 8 black boards on the wall and this winter continued the school under all odds. I hope these children are from nearby poor families. I request you to please ask nearby PUBLIC SCHOOLS to adopt these children with same fee or without adding cost to them.
0 0 Human trafficking most easily takes place through porous land borders. Fencing the whole land border India has with other countries is the simplest solution to prevent cross-border human trafficking, coupled with increased intelligence, and vigilance by authorities concerned in border areas, and those areas prone to trafficking.
0 0 lot of advertisement to the media  now wonders medai now praising odi and covering so many unwanted speeches and actions  now bjp does the same as congress did  let these money can be really spent on cleaning cities  if tanulkar sweeps india can not change
0 0 The very first thing that the govt. needs to do is legalize the sex industry and prostitution. Since this business is currently pseudo-legal, sex workers often have to remain shrouded in secrecy. It has long been a hub of human trafficking. Legalizing it would mean hat trafficking victims can come out into the open and seek remedy, without bear of social backlash.
0 0 electoral reforms  and political reform  is a must for inida  one modi and one kejriwall can not do any good for india
0 1 aap vounteer throwing 1000 rs,  is a big issue  congress and bjp getting 1000 cores without any name  wonderful all less than 20000 as per IT act  I want to use bad words but my birth from a good father and mother and my education stops me
0 0 day by day the democracy is being stabbed by political parties
0 0 salary to delhi government workers increased on the day poll commission announces the date sinister move giving bonus to corrupted workers  wonder full swatch bharath  I will appeal to election commision to take pool employees from other states of we want a fair election
0 0 i would request you to provide us the link to upload the documents with planning and suggestions at once at the portal.
0 0 i have seen small children and handicapped ppl who are frced to beg and are controlled by other person, openly in andheri station, ghatkopar station and in the train where these children are controlled by women who prtend to be their mothers but infact ar not. please give us some trustwrthy persons details to share such info fearlessly if you really think that there should be something to be done.
0 0 Sir, being a common man we all will have to stand against these criminals who perform such trafficking, i would advise the common people to share their information to the portal if at all they come across these kind of people, i m saying this bez i myself have seen the people controlling the handicaps and children and force them to beg. sir i am sorry to say but i guess public have the fear to open up with such information bez these criminals have bigger chain & r assumed supported by police.
2 0 Sir, Consider converting ESIC & Railway Hospitals as medical institutions will help India to create more AIMS like institutions and save cost of Infra part and offer common people more services. Cost of education in Private is huge and Available PG seats are also limited which forcing our students to go Abroad. both private and Govt colleges can use and offer more services otherwise referred to different hospitals. Financial burden on ESI will be reduced drastically.
0 2 Respected Sir, I would like to bring your kind attention towards this matter(Road Promissed to our House). My Name is Rajeev Kumar S/O Late Sub. Ramesh Chand(Kargil Shaheed).On that time the goverment promised with us that the main road is approved to our house but it's very strange that around 14 yrs passed but no one remembers this promise. Now we want that promised should be imeplemented or processed.And if you can do this for us than please let us know becasue it's about only maters of 2k
0 1 Dear Modi ji, Kya aam aadmi ap ko directly mil skta hain
0 1 China works ahead of time. They envisage future airline pilots requirement and have already got 8000 students in the state owned flight training academy and will add another 2000 this year so that they do away with expats. Exactly contrary to our style of working. We have too many expats in our airlines leaving our pilots jobless. The FAA downgrading us is shameful. Please take aviation seriously. Worth reading article http://www.flightglobal.com/…/china-careers-training-centr…/
0 1 This system of edu. has made life difficult for so many children. If any1 didn't pass then this society treats them as if they r useless r they should die. It is not possible for every 1 to score 100 r distinction. This society won't see talent and skills, but they see only marks and money. That's y India is still backwards. Since lots of companies don't identify talents ppl r going to foreign to work...
0 1 Dear P.M. U advised us to give  importance and use Indian products more than foreign products. But y do we have foreign education system and not our former education system. Our system of edu. has been put in corner and made optional but foreign's has been made compulsory. Why? Plz bring back Indian edu. system. It had all activities included in it. But with this foreign ones, children are missing physical edu.. A 7yr old kid must carry his equal weighted bag which affects d growth of them......
0 1 Human Trafficking involves many people and many channels. human trafficking can be controlled by engaging all educated people of the country  in some work or the other, not government jobs only. Secondly awareness through NGOs and anti human trafficking societies should be imparted with serious concern under government guidance, and their workshops should be conducted in schools and colleges at regular intervals. Thirdly anti trafficking apps should me made available to the public.
1 1 applied fot residence certificate on 24 December 2014 didn't received yet .
1 1 government system is supposed to be EGOLESS, but unfortunately in bureaucracy  PERSONAL EGO is prevailing predominantly . work and service towards citizen should be the priority but it is generally not seen. ARE they the real servants of te nation ?
2 0 Police officials should be trained as on the basis of human behaviour & its analysis.By initing management experts on human behaviour.
1 1 1.Better education facilities should be provided. 2.strict laws should be framed on the lines of international laws. 3.Use of digital equipments to search like drone,thermal equipment e-data of all orphanages etc. 3.Awaring people by giving ads on TV & papers.
1 0 EVEN AFTER 65 YEARS AND DESPITE MENTION IN BJP MANIFESTO 2014 WE ARE WITHOUT ANY NATIONAL DATABASE OF CRIME AND CRIMINALS. EVEN NETWORKING OF ALL POLICE STATIONS AND SECURITY AGENCIES OF COUNTRY IS NOT YET INITIATED BY SH RAJNATH SINGH JI DESPITE EXISTENCE OF CIVIL WAR LIKE CONDITION IN COUNTRY DUE TO INTERNATIONAL TERRORIST GROUPS.  WHY PIECEMEAL ACTIONS ON TRAFFICKING, WHY NOT HOLISTIC ANTI CRIME ACTIONS AT NATIONAL LEVEL BEING INITIATED BY HOME MINISTRY.
0 1 Dna profiling will be a  major tool to stop this type of heinous crime. all parent's Dna prfile who missed there child. this will be matched  to those person who caught by police's raided to red light area, beggars and minors thieves.
1 0 Trafficking in human beings is prohibited under article 23 of our constitution so it is the duty of the state to control it. NPR and AADHAR should reach every nook and corner of country.The cases of abduction and disappearance should be addressed at the earliest.Tightening of security and enhanced monitoring & surveillance at state and national borders.Maintain coordination with international agencies.Regular police verification of outsidersin an area.Informal sectors must be scrutinized timely.
2 0 Hamara topic recruitment proces ko lekar hai. GENERAL CATEGORY ki bhi bahut saari faimilies h jinke yaha 1 time hi bhojan pakta h to fir aisa kyu h ki GEN. CATEGORY ko 600 fees paid karni h and SC ST CATEGORY ko only 50.kya GEN CATEGORY wale logo ne paap kiye h ya GEN. CATEGORY wale bahut rich hote ..is par vichaar karna chahiye..isse garib Gen. Category ke bhai aur behno ko laabh milega aur hamare ander ek heen bhawna paida nhi hogi aur hamara bharat ek majboot desh kahlayega.
2 0 jabse modi ji ki sarkar aai hai aur modi ji ne sarvajanik munch se kaha tha ki ab sare karyalayo mein self attested document puri tarah se manya honge lekin jitne bhi sarkari karyalaya hai unme jo purane sarkar ke pitthu jame hue hai wo general pulic ko pareshaan krne ke liye kahte hai ki hamare yaha aadesh nahi aaya hai aur hum modi ji ke bhasad ko nahi mante hai aur kehte hai jo krna hai kr lo hm nhi manenge. ab is case  sarkar toh badnam hoti hai aur aam janta kya kare?
0 1 I think NGOs should come forward and provide some skill training and the govt  should provide the market to cash the outputs of the skilled people.
0 2 and to check trafficking in sex workers,they should be legalized, with legalizing STDs may also get checked and it is good way to get revenue as well as to end stigma, they may return back to society as in their old days might have been miserable.and  with proper counselling they should be sent to places where they can earn a life with dignity. Persons trafficked to foreign country may get checked by creating a separate cell in vigilance dept with all necessary powers
3 0 Further, Beggary should be treated as crime and anyone seen begging should be immediately sent to NGOs/government owned place where they can get skill development training.
0 0 to check this pls put check on agents who help in hiring domestic help in metros.They bring children from tribal areas and put them as contractual labour which is more benificial than sex industry.no one is getting benefited in this business except these agents. child labour,human trafficking and tax evasion is closely related and this gives more profit to agents then sending girls to sex industry. Refer to real time experience: http://india-ananalysis.blogspot.in/2014/12/blog-post.html
1 0 In all india thousand of baggers bhikhari women with child you can see everywhere every city women with child between 6 month 2 years of age. How it is possible we can see same age every city women baggre bikhari with small child with them make them inquiries and also make special cell for it trafficking to track where from the child she came who given them small child to make money in large I'm sure it's large group to cover this human trafficking stolLen from hospital and different Villag
1 0 Respected PM, The black money is being generated in high rate in mines and minerals department. Government is taking royalty for one truck is just 200Rs, but actually this quantity is being sold in market in 30000Rs in market. So why government is not taking royalty according to the market value of sand. Also government is not giving direct benefit to that panchayat from where mining is done. only 10% royalty share is giving for that panchayat development that is not good policy
0 0 Regarding "Clean Ganga"; I would like to say that ; ..Implement and execute a complete ban on discharge of all sewage lines and tannary/ leather chemical wastes into the river Ganga all along it's bank , and it is advisable to plant trees all along it's bank ; unless and until , these sewage lines and tannary / leather chemical wastes are totally banned , Ganga can't be cleaned...!!!
0 0 Dear Indian government ministers, I have one suggestion to make our India digital. Beggering is as a criminal activity. So I want that please make a law in parliament to banned beggering. Small children boy/girl are beggaring instead of study. Some organizations used children life for business through beggering. My English is good but I please think about my opinion because when I see this type of children I hurt very much . So please take some effective step in this matter.
0 0 at first govt. should focus to make National Action Plan to Combat Human Trafficking. But, we need sustained research on the nature of human trafficking within and involving all indians. Get involved.Volunteer with a group that is involved in preventing or combating human trafficking or aiding its victims. If you have specific abilities or connections, ask if they could be useful, and be willing to help wherever you are needed. so, voluntarism & National action plan to be needed.
1 0 I suggest transport ministry should look in the possibility of making transfer of vehicle registration number on line .since most of the people who are working in private sectors are frequently transferred and they face lot of difficulty in other state .Also suggest if possible people should be allowed to retain orignal number accross all over india  Suggest government should look in the matter seriously as it impacts over crore of citizens
1 0 Road Toll  in Mumbai. The persons in the toll collect the money and give old receipts ( which was dropped by drivers). Government is losing revenue and Toll Managers like MEP extend the contracts. In Airoli Bridge near Mulund Mumbai , toll is been collected since 1999.
0 0 I am attaching a picture of a beggar woman who is with an infant on Janpath Road, New Delhi. She ran away after I clicked her picture and has not been seen for a few months. I do not know if the child was stolen or not. Similarly there is a picture of two men carrying 3 children on NH8. Today I noticed a third child whose foot was only visible. I do not know if these are cases of child trafficking or not.
1 0 In todays Times of India there is news about sharing the social responsibilities thru donation to various government schemes. Mr.Azim Premjai has donoated around INR 12 K Crores, Vednata Group has donated around INR 1800 Crores. My query is how this money is being utilized ? whether it is being used for the real cause. Since lot funds are getting generated thru donation etc, why not there should be a separate ministry who will monitor and keep the accounting of such heavy donations.
0 1 Right to Identity: The government seeks identity from its citizen to deliver its services such as Driving License, Passport, SIM, opening of Bank Accounts etc. Why government does not identify its citizen?
3 0 Ensure that all indians are treated as human beings rather than animals and slaves.
1 0 Ensure that all indians are treated as human beings rather than animals and slaves.
1 0 Ensure that all indians are treated as human beings rather than animals and slaves.
0 0 Ensure that all indians are treated as human beings rather than animals and slaves.
1 0 Ensure that all indians are treated as human beings rather than animals and slaves.
0 0 Specific steps to choose people for right jobs rather than take left overs and encouraging every citizen to protect their rights.
0 0 In my state of Telangana migrant labour from orrissa work in brick kilns , these cheap labour, mostly tribals from bolangir dist are exploited, I request central govt to intervene in the matter.
1 0 Birth registration must be made compulsory . Not exercising it be made punishable crime for parents . This can be ensured by a team under census department who would make yearly visit to all the families .It would be like surprise checking . Each child born can be simply recognized by a number and yearly visit would make clear that every child is at regular place. This can help government to reduce crimes at a great extent, paper working of a person would be very easy, easy surveys. Think !!!
0 0 The 2 main reason of low standard of law and order in our country: 1. Most of the IPS officers are people who couldn't make it to IAS / IFS, hence get 3rd option of IPS : Solution-we should have different examination for IPS which is more technical rather than a generalist approach like IAS/IFS/IRS 2. The sub-officer class (the havaldars) should be chosen after 12th and be admitted to a 3 yr training cum graduation course with opportunities to become officers like it is there in Army/CRPF etc.
3 0 Request:...Please create awareness campaign to give way for Ambulance.......Saving a life is important rather then reaching first.....
0 0 Modi sir Aadhar card public ko kya kya nahi de sakta hai 1) ration 2) gas cylinder 3) IT aadhar number par nahi bhara ja sakta hai 4) gadi chalaneka adhikar 2 & 4 wheeler 5) voting karneka aadhikar 6) bank loan 7)videsh bhraman jab in sab ke liye sab allag dastavej lagte hai to phi kau sarkar is card ko bananeme jantake paise ko barbad kar rahi hai krupaya is aur barbad honese sirf apphi rok sakte hai
0 0 Opportunity for common man to do Science Government India is supporting science and development through its funding agencies like University Grants Commission (UGC), Department of Biotechnology (DBT), Department of Science and Technology (DST), etc. The opportunities to undertake research projects are available only to permanent employees of various research institutes and Universities. Since time immemorial, most of the inventions made by Indians are not only through formal education. In this
0 0 john williams.sir, Pl send the reminder by a Regd Post.sir please address post
0 0 Full time maids often harassed for work, occasionally raped, eventually moved to human trafficking. Full time maid job profile should be termed slavery under the law. Check movie Damini or this link http://wp.me/p3dJz1-c7
0 1 Sir please amend Flag code of India ,so that all private citizen can use it in schools ,restaurants hospitals ,houses and other public and private places with ambit of high respect to India National flag .
0 0 4.	In almost every big city government is planning to build BRT (Bus rapid transport). Yes I should be done. IT will help the local public to make their daily life easy and generate revenue to gov. But why ambulance and other emergency service can't be provided with in 30 minute?
1 0 I ask him not to wait and to stop some other vehicle so that we can take this person to hospital on time. He tried to stop one passenger vehicle but he was not agreed to help. Then we stopped a private van, initially he denied but somehow I convinced him to help us. I along with my friend and some other person send this injured guy to hospital. Few points that I observed: 1.	People was looking but not trying to help that guy. 2.	Private vehicle owner does not come in front to help that guy.
0 0 Yesterday while returning from the Lohgarh fort new by Pune, I saw a person who met with a serious accident on Mumbai Pune Highway. I stop my bike to see his condition. I was wonder to saw that the people were around him, looking at him but not taking necessary action in order to save his life. I found one police man there and ask him to call some help he said like he has already informed at nearest police station.
0 0 Going through the groups it is found that there is no group for development of roads which should be taken up as roads and highways plays a major role in development of any country though the available road b network is fair yet it needs much improvement as saving fuel with good roads can help in improvement of our economy and less loss of natural resource
0 0 Social networking sites can be of immense help to curb evil of human trafficking. Concerned Agencies should share informations on such social sites. Unfortunately, apathetic attitude of concerned agencies and lack of interest to utilize recent technological means has given free hands as well as fearless to such criminals involved in human trafficking. Govt. Should direct in very plain words to law&order maintaining agencies to co-relate with common man by all means of technology to curb crime.
0 0 The technology for making plastic roads is patented by an Indian Engg College in Tamil Nadu & is available for free within India & this was shown in Satyamav Jayate
0 0 Please help Congress replace Sartaj Aziz on boat issue,please dont allow Bharat and Bhartiya to be let down.
0 0 Human trafficking has become very serious or incurable disease. My opinion is that Central Govt. in association with all State Govts should make a common website with all details of missing persons. A separate/independent agency rather than local police should investigate such cases coz these crimes are done by white collar criminals. Criminal history of such criminals should be disclosed on aforesaid website. Sharing data of missings at national level by all means would be first step. Jai Hind.
0 0 Mother tongue of a district should be the medium of instruction for all non-language subjects(Math, Science, Social Science, Commerce, etc.) in all schools in that district and English or other foreign languages should be taught as languages only. Having English as a medium of instruction in many schools is the main reason that basic concepts of many students are weak just because they are not able to understand concepts explained in English.
0 0 Sir, Many times we find the Human rights activists making noise in support of a terrorist. But, I dont understand how a terrorist be considered a human being. A person plants a bomb, fires indiscriminately, kills innocents  and still we provide him human rights - i cant digest. the act is totally inhuman. Akhshamya Apraadh h ye , isme daya nahi dand hona chahiye wo bhi aisa ki karne wale ke man me khauf ho aur wo apraadh karne se pahle 2 baar soche.
0 0 This not only violation of law of the land but is completely against the human values and basic human rights. We have heard several activists talking of human rights of criminals and fighting for them but what about the victims and law enforcement agencies like police. I am not against the principle of natural justice but a big supporter of the justice for all....... A balanced approached is required besides public awareness...
0 0 police should be given free hand to combat the menace. They should identify the persons and nab them before they commit the offence. It is normally only after something happens, the police react. The police should try to nab the culprits even before the offence is committed. It so happens that even though police know who are the persons generally involving in such acts, yet they will not nab them until they commit the offence. higher vigilance should be maintained to curb the menace.
1 0 Government should put a strict ban on any kind of porn online or in form of CD/DVD and strict punishment for watching such websites or CDs just like around many countries of world (South Korea, UAE, Saudi Arabia etc.). This shall help fight crime against women in a big way and help human trafficking.
0 0 Govt gives many ads to stop drinking in movies and theatres. But had it done any good to save  lives or medical help of those who got addicted. I think 1) Allow only drinks less than 10% alcohol in shops and bars. Star(3+) hotels and rich pubs to offer all - as upper middle class and rich come there; have personal insurance to take care. 2) Levy health tax for liquor sold in wine shops on every bottle with ID card no (Adhaar etc). 3) Health tax levied should be given back as health insurance
0 0 Reduce gold investment objectives - I don't think govt has looked at all perspectives. 1) Only Rich invest in gold or buy heavy jewellery. Lower to middle class citizens buy/exchange only daily ware ornaments usually less than 50K per annum as "Shubh". 2) Only upper middle class to ultra rich may be investing heavily in gold, (some as black money) 2)  Increase VAT on gold retail purchases  to 2%(> 1lac), 3%(> 3lac), 5% (> 5lac), 10% (>10 lac). 3) Interpret historic VAT purchases
1 0 make the policemen modern.All states police dept should be connected with an advance software which have all the details about each individual in this country . it will help to trace the criminals . now even the uniform of our police force especially police men are out dated.
0 0 womens and child girls are trafficked from nepal and bangladesh for the purpose of prostitution .so there should be special task force employed on areas lying on border with nepal and bangladesh.There should also be a proper rehabilitation programme for the victims .Indian womens are trafficked to the middle east this is the issue of serious concern .For this we have to setup special anti trafficking cells on airports.and similar cells should also be setup in the indian embassy of these countrie
0 0 creation of DNA profile Data bank of missing person's parent and person who caught by raid of agency. this help us to know actual condition. and finding for  there  relative.
0 0 When our train is coming to platform so we get a announcment ...that rule I want in road side when a ambulance is riding with a patient so its get a announcment on road via miak ... By doing this our ambulance driver can drive safe & fast also to reach hospital
0 0 Instrument   should give 1. Alert of the Vessel/known or unknown object.2. Alert before few nautical miles apart from the Indian Coastal International Borders.3. Alert to all Indian Navy,  coast guard ships and air craft   regarding the vessel/known or unknown object. 4.  The distance ,speed and location of  the vessel/ known or unknown object   crossing   Indian  Coastal  International  Borders  towards  entering  to  India.5.Photograph of the vessel in all dimensions including all inside.
0 0 DeitY along with MOD and MHA for India-Country’s Safety :  Instruments to be fixed in allIndian Coastal areas to monitor  and for early warning alert of any vessel/ Known or unknown object  crossing   Indian  Coastal  International  Borders  towards  entering  to  India  without  any interruption/without communication failure.
1 0 i want to focus govt on e-gov projects and sharing my experience . Unless the back end integration of systems take place, the front end efforts may not lead to any success. The integration of various departments, supporting applications and databases is must for true front office results,so Creating front offices without any back office integration is another cause of e-governance failure.
1 0 India  should have a single helpline number like 911 to report all the problems so it would enable people to give informations vital to catch people who are incharge of human trafficking . One of the   Largest reasons why people dont give out such information publicly is due to the fact that they are afraid of being exposed . Such a help line would help them speak out in stealth
1 0 As the human wants are endless,immoralities in society of India are endless.There are endless subjects & discussions on offenses,crimes,immoralities in India done by official from peonto officer,common person to VIP,priest to so called sant etc,etc.The time has come to make a preventive checks for all these, that is :-"Ideal Law" or "Noble law" for India.Apart from all laws,this law should be made by people of India for the people of India.Noble Committee has to be set up for this purpose.
0 0 Honourable Prime Minsiter, i would like share my view like below ; The most important thing i have noticed in energy conservation is plight our public roads in our country. The major portion of fuel consumption is wasted due to the bad & very worst condition of our rural as well as urban roads.If roads are well built & properly & timely maintained, we can save fuel consumption to the extent of 50 % which will reduce the bruden on our national ex-chequer. In this regard action is needed urgently.
1 0 My sincere request to Indian Government is that it needs to give the much deserved right of women which has been taken away in the recent past years ie. living with equality and dignity.This can be done only by making them stand next to men at each and every level of society by giving them 50 percent reservation in public and private jobs. This alone can bring a drastic change in the mindset of male dominant society which sees women as its property and is at unease when she goes against his will
0 0 can any body call india a poor country  Mr.Modi some thing should be done to fight this menace and you are the only person who can do this   there is no meaning of welfare schemes if the government lives on liquor   central government should give compensations and may states dry
0 0 india is prospering  on new year day sale of liquor has touched 100 crores  Jai hind in tamilnadu alsone
0 0 good infrastructure is the only way to cut down fuel consumption and reduction of freight cost
0 0 kindly you perosnally montor this huge expenditure in a transparent way.  If it is proved that if govt can get at RS.125/  impose penalities on companies under MRTP act
0 0 procure only by global tender.  these cement manufacturers have taken india from ride.  Life cycle concrete te road will be better than the bitumen road done improperly
1 0 if nitn katkari can get cement at 125  why ot the res of india ask him to disclose the name of supplier
0 0 you have to fight these maffiars if in8idan can think of economic improve,ent.  My suggetion to eradicate this cement mafia is allow imports  (  people are obstructing in the name of approval from safety department. you can cutdown imports of gold and allow all infrastructure proejcts can direcly source their requirement from abroad.  eventhough the transportation cost is high still import of cement will be cheaper  this action will make the cartel to reduce the prices
1 0 I konw the reason for this: the follwoing maffia net work is exixsting  in 1) sugar and molasses (leader sharath pawar) , cement cortel where the major shares of cement companies are owned by politicians,  drug mafia controlled by terrorists,
1 0 CONCRETE ONLY IN NATIONAL HIGHWAYS A VERY GOOD DECISION  HE Has told that there is a supplier in mumbai to supply 125 rs a cement bag.  if it is so ask him to find out why cement in other parts of india is selling at RS350/   which is an abnormal price
0 0 ONE ORDINARY CITIZEN TRAFIC RAMASAMY IS FINGHTING AGAINST THIS MAFIA AND THROUGH A COURT ORDER A WONDERFUL IAS OFFICEER mR.SAHAYAM IS PROBING IN ONE AREA MADURAI.  ALL POLITICIANS ARE JOIG HANDS JUST LIKE bjp and congress politicians are joining to protect corruption.  when one honest man through PIL can do things Narender Modi shrold be ina  position to stop this looting  if not at least protect the ias officer from being killed  take him to delhgi
1 0 SEPARATE ORDINANCE IS REQUIRED FOR MINING WHERE CRORES OF MONEY IS LOOTED.  IN tAMILNADU ALONE SAND MAFIA IS MINTING CRORE AND BOTH DMK AND ADMK PEOPLE ARE TOTALLY INVOLVED
0 0 FREIGHT VOLUMES SHOULD BE AUCTIONED IN A TRANSPARENT WAY SO THAT THERE WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN FREIGHT COLLECTION
0 0 MAINTEANCE CONTRACT SHOULD BE GIVEN TO PRIVATE ENTERPRISES  AND STILL THE TRASPORTATION COST OF RAILWAYS IS SO LOW THAT MIDDLE MEN ARE BOOKING SPACE AND MAKING GOOD PROFIT . FREIGHT RATES SHOULD BE INCREASED FOR GOODS EXCEPT FOOD AND OTHER PERISHABLE ITEMS
0 0 there is a coach factory Icg IN CHENNAI  I AM 100%  SURE THAT NO BODY GOEST WO WORK AND ATTENDANCE ARE MARKED BY THE UNION PEOPE  THE PRODUCTIVITY IS SO LOW THAT RAILWAYS SHOULD NOT HAVE ANY PRODUCTION DEPARTMENT
0 1 most of the works should be subcontracted and permananet people should be allowed voluntary resignations  the system is full of corruption it will be very difficult to correct these people
0 0 congratulations for you to appoint AK Mittal as ralway board chairman  give him full power to choose right assistants with a single instruction of making railways profi8table
0 0 ab average muslim in india economically backward and his day to day worries are too much and they wllw be explored by these divisive elements
0 0 similarly reques RSS amd other government orgainsatios to keep quite on sensitive matters because corrupt politicians breed on religion and language  win the trust of people.  support of muslims is the only way to fight terrorism
0 0 chief minister muslim and deputy chief minister from jammu side that it is a well balanced coalition and attempt on welfare measures and full defense by armed forces( RMED FORCES)  SOMEHOW FROM MY YOUNGER DAYS IDONT HAVE A GOOD OPENION ABOUT bsf
1 0 there is no meaning in blaming pakistan  they could not do anything to support us we have to get the goodwill of karmiri muslims and give a strong stable coailition government with pdp
1 0 similarly no repeal of poda act in Kashmir.  it is becoming a international danger and also for inida
0 0 no discussions on article 370 till you put yourfeet very firm in delhi and ges majority in rajyasaa
0 0 Kashmir  my opinion is to some how get into the government but no chief minister  let a Muslim be there from pdp  but exercise strict control on corruptiomn
0 0 What are doing Indian Govt and Indian People on Ground water and his safety.
1 0 In Bundelkhand area  under ground water river / channels and other infrastructure  is  present. If  these are properly surveyed / repaired and harnessed  then water shortage problem of this area  can be effectively dealt with. For  River joining program if  under ground  water canals are constructed  loss of water can be stopped and  villages on the ground  level not to be shifted.
1 0 Request for bravery award for Kashish, a ten year old boy from Ahmadabad. Boy fought very bravely with a German Shepherd Dog.Also  I would like , if very sticker norms are there for  having pets at homes. People generally, don't care about, where there pets ease themselves. They usually go to public places like gardens etc. in the morning & evenings and leave the pets alone , which creates  a scary situation for kids and elderly. This picture can be seen all over India. I am sharing the link.
0 0 It should be stopped immediately. Violating human rights and irrespecting the human value should be given server punishments so that they will never do such inhuman acts in the future. An act should be passed on those people who involved in human trafficking.
1 0 sir, please assign duty to any railway officer to visit S.E.RAILWAY HOSPITAL, BONDAMUNDA surprisingly. the behaviour of lady doctors with the patients in not good as well as they are very careless. this is not done. I hope my humble request will be considered. JAI HIND!!!!!
0 1 Modi govt now what has to say for the 'Dharmantran Samaroh' that is organzied by RSS in ahemdabad and chief guest is Mr. Modi.. It is well said with d head of family d family cant take any decision and its ckear here too thag without Mr. Modis' indecassion these no value people cant come up. If not is not true then in kerela 55 people were forced to change there religion to hindu. I ask WHY? Is this your Ache din Mr.Modi.. Why didnt in your two headed speaches before election told about it
0 0 Cow slaughter, cow economy, organic farming: US has "A2" milk as brand. Our desi cows are rich in this. Standardize and popularize this. Ban slaughter of only desi cows. This way, it ensures that all communities are happy and the basic premise of cow protection is taken care. Organic farming in taken care. Desi ghee brand also could be promoted for medical tourism, healthcare etc. Palekar agriculture - popular in Karnataka, MHA etc. also is well aligned.
0 0 GM food: I read recently that govt cleared field trials of GM food. I am skeptical about it. GM food is given the status - "proven innocent until proven guilty". considering the seriousness of implications, this is not correct. But I understand that trials can not go on for 30-40 yrs. Pls do the following: 1. GM labeling: Label the food if it is GM. In US the industry lobby blocked this move. In India, pls ensure that it is labeled. ..continued to next post.
0 0 GM food: continued. 2. Seek detailed test report of all the field trials in the world and put in public domain. 3. Pls guarantee that it does not spread to undesirable farms/plantations. Safe guards to prevent issues, their reliability etc. 4. Pls invest in public debate on the subject. - GM + its pesticides vs. normal with pesticides; 5. How the organic farm next to a GM farm could get affected. 6. ensure that all stakeholders/promoters are fully transparent to people of india.
0 0 Media content classification and regulation: All advanced countries try to regulate/streamline the content because it is the one that shapes the thoughts of the young and old minds alike. Kindly update the classifications, do whatever is necessary to encourage content producers/sellers to create healthy audio-visual content so that country actually can participate in development. Also this is a safety issue. Ex: PG13 rating in US is quite known for its standard.
0 0 I request PM Narendra Modi, to create a law for his citizens who dont want to be a part of any Caste. The law should help a citizen to declare himself from any caste and religion.. so he can voluntarily become a member of a New group can INDIAN. All the group members of Indian will not get any benefits reserved for his religion or caste. This voluntary declaration will help India to build a one India one Nation.
0 0 Our in Assam (PARJI ENCOUNTER) name in TERRORIST.thousand public people death in army encounter.what have you any planning (PARJI ENCOUNTER) stop.what is the your future vision....
0 0 Day today crime which affect adolescent of this county r  ignored by Govt.   I am speaking on behalf of parent of these adolescent children  When I go through road side I saw people from various class are engaged in gambling in front of home in the city itself.  Children are set a side looking after gambling. In future they may engage in the same. Police are suppose to stop these thing.  But unfortunately they are failed. I request u sir look in this matter and direct to take action against this
2 0 Govt has succeeded in getting the Judicial Appointment bill passed. What about Judicial accountability and time bound hearing of consumer cases. Fine Lawyers & Judges who drag cases for years.
0 0 average gas cylinder used per family is 7 as per a report. then at once reduce the subsidy no. same time reduce the open market price.
0 0 if not having own  web sites for DC/ SP  as requested, at least they can have twitter account  to be in touch with the public.
0 0 lot of migrant labourers/ people find it difficult get  aadhar no, procedure should be eased. some one with aadhar card should able to introduce  known people for aadhar reg. as it is a bio metric procedure , it will be fool proof.even introducer  identified with bio m etrics.this procedure  used in case of ration card .
0 0 I am thinking from last so many days that most of the govt assets such as vehicles , buildings furniture and other assets go rotten because of not proper utilisation by the concerned dept . I feel that administrator should be appointed in every subdivision and district and state level who takes cares of assets of every dept and ensure its proper utilisation as per demand of every dept . These assets are of public and it should not be wasted in this way. For example if any vehicle is not us
0 0 D pm/China is fast upcoming in IT and other knoweldge industry/Take steps not 2 allow it 2 overtake/Besides IT we need health services/Start min 100 med. colleges if faculty available so as 2 provide med. service 2 citizens(hospitals in metros are overcrowded) and produce DR in bulk after  appx 7 yr 4 exporting services. Req min. inv. and machinery as compared 2 any other plant.some of loss making PSU may be closed & asset sold for INV. Land bldg may be used 4 hospitals,staff B employd 4 ADMIN
1 0 Happy New Year 2015
0 0 1) A govt mobile app. should be created for instant help for any crime including Human Trafficking. That app should automatically record the lat-long coordinates of that phone and immediately should send sms to the nearest police station in charge, patrolling officer, traffic police or any other security officer. By that coordinates, anyone can trace them in maps and help them. 2) Adult survivors persons should be used as police informers in same field to crack the nexus and pay them accrodingly
0 0 Dear Sir , This is reg Drug Menance. This issue is to be approached in following way •	Source of drug •	Awareness programme •	Vigilance •	Treatment Source of drug.  Our main approach to eradicate drug  Menance  is   to curb at source itself. If we concentrate this nearly 80% of mission will be over. Definitely it is well known from where drug is supplied. Let us block the source first. Target Group. Next our area of concern is the drug prone targeted group. 	Generally the d
0 0 Health and Safety is one of the most important topics in developed countries. It requires lots of resources especially finance and human. I believe India should create new Health and Safety laws and bring in awarness among citizens of the hazard involved in anything and everything they do which could potentially save precious lives. This could lead India into a new path walking along with the developed countries and can revolutionise every industry by bringing in new quality to work & life of Indians. Jai Hind
0 0 I think before starting the bullet trains, GOI must do something for the minimum 24 hrs delay status of every train running on the tracks....... Please do something to improve our existing railway network so that this minimum 24 hrs delay changes to RT(Right time).
1 0 Request an opportunity to set up a RO drinking water dispensing unit just outside major metro railway stations. The drinking water to be piped into the platforms via a header with dispensing taps. The dispensing should be at rates of Rs 2/- coin inserion to fill up a one litre bottle of the consumer. The waste/reject water of the RO plant to be pumped into the overhead tanks of the platform toilets. The common man's interest is taken care off. No waste of water and no plastic waste.
2 0 Request you to create separate group for School Education and Higher Education. Education is important for long term growth of the country Skill development is only useful for short-term development
1 0 Please read my suggestions for the successful implementation of a National Identity Card scheme in this open letter to the Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi http://radiotuneindia.com.au/an-open-letter-to-narendra-modi-from-shanta...
0 0 In India still AADHAR card not reached 30% while discussing within friends we taught to share about the ideas which we face in other countries. I am currently residing outside India for any need I need similar card else I can’t run my day to day activities. In India can’t government appoint some X persons (temp) to issue AADHAR card in public places in running train, Bus & depots, banks, During voting, Airports & finally checkpoint to buy card else EB, GAS will be blocked after specific day
1 0 IT companies in India are facing numerous challenges in executing e-governance projects including unreasonable legal frameworks, payment terms, obscure SLAs and lack of clarity and accountability, to name a few. As a result of this, 75% of e-governance projects fail in India, and needs greater attention
0 0 Human Trafficking should be stopped as soon as possible.
0 0 Modigi, Hindu religious leader need to hire thousand trained cadre or agents Each of them will Re-convert two muslim  & Christians  secretly in a hidden place to Hindu . Don't make  big meeting of religious re-conversion , because it will  draw  the attention of  electronic media. Withdraw the   law of presence of district magistrate during re-conversion. Please don't make any Law to stop religious conversion . Because it will make problem in the way of  religious re-conversion of BHP & RSS .
0 0 BJP, please increase the number in Rajya Sabha and clear all the pending bills before people lose their trust in you. Congress doing all silly propegenda to keep you away from rajya sabha
0 0 Human trafficking is worst form of exploitation. It is almost equivalent to slavery. It needs multi-pronged approach to deal with this menace. All the stake holders must be identified and dealt with e.g. traffickers, Police, NGOs and above all the victims. The trafficking prone areas / communities should be identified and dedicated programmes should be initiated to reduce poverty and improve education and awareness among them. The traffickers must be meted out exemplary punishment.
0 0 girl child trafficking ko rokne ke liye pulice stirct hona chahiye
2 0 I hate Human Trafficking and I wanna contribute in this event of the Modi Government...
0 0 customs officer's must be employed more with special powers so that they can take immediate action on the accused person's more effectively.
0 0 Anti- Human Trafficking Law shall be strengthened to a non- bailable offence with the provisions of property siege of the accused once the chargesheet gets filed within a month of arrest/ search warrant. Small children specially the girls are the victims of this crime, therefore, local corporators shall be in connect with the area inspector to look out tge suspecious activities growing up ina particular locality, a meeting may be held on fortnight/ monthly basis. Thank you.
1 0 Poverty is a major factor which allows human trafficking, particularly young girls for prostitution. Close watch needs to be maintained in railway and bus stations and suspects should be questioned by the police in presence of some NGO representative. Education of girl child and creation of gainful job opportunities in the rural areas like food processing and health care sector needs to be speeded up.IPC be suitably amended for more stringent punishment to the offenders by fast track courts.
0 0 1. FIR should be registered for each missing child or girl 2. each FIR should be given unique id no at national level 3. social media (fb , whats app, twitter) should be widely utilised to trace the missing ones 4. a unique web portal can be dedicated for the display of information including photo of the missing ones
0 0 The intensity of the menace in recent years points to need  for character building in initial schooling of children.. Perhaps  reintroduction of    prayers and teachings of  religious biggies  and importance of  character building  coupled with  policy of recruitment  of dedicated  good charactered  teachers on basis of merit instead of quotas and political or money connections might help.That is more important than playing National Anthem in schools at primary stage.
0 0 govt has not yet declared master plan for delhi , this city is to be world class city like hongkong & sanghai . pl do take action before elections are declared . no all round improvement in delhi in last 07 months , pl monitor progress of running projects & see they are completed in time . there are atleast 20 u-turns of kejriwal those to be brought in public , i have alredy sent his u-turns . madam irani has become controversial in many issues, very bad , take up matter before it is too late.
1 0 An estimated 5 lacs of women and children are trafficked every year with an annual increase of 10% of which 20 – 30 % are below 13 years of age.
1 0 In India, the scale of commercial sexual exploitation and trafficking is steadily rising despite the existence of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956.
1 0 GOV is proved in Anti-Human Trafficking cells
1 0 Human trafficking represents an estimated $31.6 billion of international trade per annum in 2010
1 0 Human trafficking is the trade in humans, most commonly for the purpose of sexual slavery, forced labor or commercial sexual exploitation for the trafficker or others
0 0 first ceal all the borders,and take strict actions against illigal immigrants,throw them back to thiier country
1 0 Before creating a wifi zone, there should be "NO HUNGER" zone.. We need to ensure there is no hungry people around when we are enjoying free Internet games. Thank you.
1 0 now every urban and ruler area started to using internet in mobile phones, but due to too much cost of internet they are not able to afford it , so if we want to add more and more people internet mobile data must be cheaper
2 0 the increasing cost of mobile data plams act like a mile stone in the path of connectung everybody to the internet. as airtel has made voice over internet chargable. i think govt has to take a look in this make internet cost low. telecom companies are increaaing prices rapidly . and this step of airtel is very thinkable. today aietel do it.  Tomorrow  other telecom company will do  so govt has to check it.
0 0 H9w to make g9v machinery work bettcr? By choosing right representative we can make gov machinery work bettr
1 0 My Doctor Prescribed Me 10 # of Cal 125 & 14 # Of Proxym-300. When I went to the medical store, they are insisting me to buy 15# of Cal 125 & 20 # Proxym-300 as they do not sell loose, Please let me know, what will a patient do with extra medicine, that the medical store is insisting the patient to buy
2 0 Government should establish an web portal as well as mobile applications from where one could post their complaints. In major of the cases police is either not accepting the complaints or they harass the victim to withdraw cases because of political influence. To discourage such ridiculous incidents and to fight against human trafficking such technology should be implemented and along with fast track courts at district level should be established for faster justice.
0 0 The Govt. employee, if posted after 2004 will not get pension. Accordingly the 2006 Pay commission enhanced pay scale with grade pay etc basing on the point that they will not get pension. But this enhancement is now enjoyed by the previous staffs. As a result the old staffs are getting five times the new employee remuneration and still they will get pension. Is it justifiable by constitution for equal remuneration for equal work. K K Sahu 9937870425
0 0 Simple and effective solution to many problems from serious crimes to rapists, human traffickers, drug peddlers, maoists, terrorists, extremists etc. is to enact swift and strong action from the Government, which is unfortunately lacking. Please do an encounter of them or hang them publicly every weekend, common people and tax payers will appreciate it immensely. Especially the women will do puja for NaMo. About Swaach Bharat, Please kill lakhs of stray dogs which are biting 1000s daily.
0 0 Values,culture,and unity of the country is very important for every Indians.When we Indians are in doubt we look inside ourselves for answers than outside.The moral degradation,loss of values and culture among the today's youth is a concern for us.Freedom to choose your life style is important,youths can run after money,wealth power but where is the opportunity who want lead a life of austere,my suggestion is to protect heritages & sanctity of ancient cities like Varanasi,PURI,Ujjain,etc .
1 0 We have Demat accounts to keep all our stock and assets,Then why can not introduce national database of the Application form for unemployed or employed youth with all their detail qualification and skills,so they need not fill the same form again and again for the applying jobs, They need to just give their ID number  and apply different jobs immediately for different organization and save cost,time and efforts.All the existing state employment exchange  can be linked with the national exchange.
0 0 Crime prevention and criminal justice strategies must take a human rights approach and be based on the rules of law,I think it is time to bring changes in laws so that we can put a fullstop against this kind of human trafficking.Atleast there will be fear in mind of human beings
0 0 Government wants to link LPG subsidy with the DBTL scheme,My name is incorrectly written in the HP gas agency distributor,they are asking me come next month to correct it.My suggestion is give the citizen the handle to correct their name in the Website itself.when we are transferring fund, operating internet banking,then why could not citizen has freedom in DBTL scheme,Why gas agencies are keeping all the paper work to themselves,we can ease their workload. Separate IT literate and illiterate?
0 0 Dear PM, When I want my 7 year old daughter to read newspapers or watch news, she cant. This is because of headlines/news on violence, rape, blast, dominates all the media everyday. Request: Can we have special newspaper and News channel / news hour  only for kids under 13/15? alternatively we can have this hour on channels like Cartoon Network/Pogo. This can be used to build and guide our young minds in right and positive direction and also for Gov communication to our next gen.
0 0 there is lot of wasteful expenditure on vehicles in government. No individual vehicle should be given to officers below the rank of joint secretary. For others, it should be need based and sanctioned by joint-secretary for temporary period. Officers posted in headquarters should not be given individual vehicles under no circumstances.
0 0 Parents of such children can be given vocational training if they are unskilled or can be assisted to find gainful employment
0 0 conti.. associations and collectively bargain for their rights as well as educate new members about their rights and how to redress violations. Another aspect of the problem is that minors are employed in various jobs.This can be prevented by active media campaign asking the communities to report to the police /ngos about such incidents taking place in our vicinity.Rather that the police /state machinery citizens themselves will be more aware of such instances in their neighbourhood. CONTI..
0 0 SIR the most common form of human trafficking is seen when women and children from rural areas are taken by agents to work as domestic help in urban areas inside or outside the state or country.They do not get living wages ,or leisure and are subjected to all sorts of exploitation at their work place and by the agent.Mostly law does not recognise domestic helps as labourers thereby denying them all privileges.They should be included in the category of labourers so that they can form conti..
0 0 one commitee in every district for it.and dm and district judge hav in commitee.if he aprove than can do otherwise not.thats a very serserious matter and strictly action must.any party or any parisad do not any action. only commity deside who r eligible for it
0 0 ICICI BANK should be Government Bank. Because of Most of People work together with us. But He is not Satisfied with gov. If it is gov bank then many peoples join the bank and every body fully do work with the bank only and he done every dictions frankly.
0 0 Many political parties take advantages of reservation and mix politics with religion for votes this create a difference among people which is not right . I agree with that earlier reservation was necessary for the development of sc/st but now it is not . I appeal to our gov. To promote more education instead of reser. Becz it is promoting jati wad .
0 0 First develop mygov.in website to all languages atleast 5major.languages
1 0 poverty and illiteracy are two big reasons behind human trafficking.It is the development imbalance,Big families with very little income sources, ignorance ,hunger or greed  which are crucial players in this activity. Employment generation at native places,help for needy, awareness about benefits of govt. schemes, increase in literacy, food security are some measures to fight with human trafficking.
0 0 Make Migration-Card ( mentioning background details etc.) mandatory for residents of marked red-light areas / urban house-maids. Also make brothels/building/  house-owners, in case of maids, accountable for the databases of card-holders. De-ciminalize prostitution, in the same line when attempt to suicide is no more a crime.In the Migration Card mark prostitution as indecent profession. The issuing of cards should be hassle-free but have meticulous background checks.
2 0 Youth India & Healthy India : We follow & remember values of our parent & always feel proud of that. Let's follow value of a clean, organised ,sensible country i.e. DENMARK. There highest number of bicycles are used in the world. People are fit & happy, whole country is less polluted. it helps the country clean. Like Swachh Bharat is a mass movement , I request to health minister to make once  a mass movement for usage of cycle instead of Bikes where ever possible along with bicycle co. & stars.
2 0 Sir U r Launches New Teacher Training Scheme. In this sceme u will prepare world class teacher with high moral value in the starting cost of 900cr.rs form Varanshi India. After 5 years we will get good quality teacher. It is a long time. If new goverment comes after 5 years he will change your policy.then your all plans will fail. My suggestion is that U can take all india intrance exam of trained teachers.U can give high class tranning to selected teachers. He would be better in lesser time..
0 0 People should become aware of identifying human trafficking in neighborhood. If someone lives in the place of work it can be suspected & put to an end. If women and children travel without clear documents there is case for suspicion. Border Security Patrolling curbs human trafficking a lot. We need an office completely dedicated to human trafficking.
2 0 Govt school me education ko improve karne ke liye sabse pahle govt staff ke sabhi baccho ka admission govt schools me karane ka ruls banana chahiye chahe vo bacche kisi ias ke ya kisi ips ke hi kyo na ho kyoki aksar ye paya jata hai ki jo teacher jish govt school me wah padata hai wah khud hi apne bacche ko govt school me nahi padana chahta hai balki kisi acchi private school me padana chahta hai to dusra people kaishe apne bacche ko govt school me bhejega
0 0 नमामि   गंंगा  I स्वर्ग गामिनी गंगा II गंगा की पवित्र धारा I स्वर्ग रोहराहण धारा II Regard   ANIL BUDDHASEN PATEL Enginner (Electrinocs & Communication 387ASeth MishriLal Nagar DistDewas(M.P) India 455001 Mob.09893555703 Email : budddhasenpatel@gmail.com
0 0 I want to share about work load in banks due to people's thinking regarding the Jan dhan yojana that they are not aware with proper benefit of this scheme. They are opening account for just zero balance product not anything else. So please request to Honurable P M just modify scheme like opening of account only through aadhar card . And develop a software to track accounts of same person. One side a man is opening account under this scheme one bank and on other side he has a account with stdr.
0 0 Such Matters shall be in fast track court and guilty must be punished very soon. Then such case may be stopped effectively
0 0 Human trafficking is increasing because of loopholes in your judiciary and bureaucracy. Police and other enforcement authorities are well aware from where human trafficking is taking place, who are involved and  ho are all the major users. Corrupt elements in our systems degenerates to the greater extent. What is the solution? 1. Very strict punishment for all those involved 2. Constant vigil 3. Encouraging social organisation to create awareness 4. Livelihood opportunities in the problem areas
0 0 1) Less avenue for job and employment opportunity leads to Human Trafficking, 2) Failed law and order is second problem, 3) If we successfully provide jobs in our own cities and towns, human trafficking happening in metro cities could be checked, 4) Uneducated girls are caught in the business of prostitution in cities when they came to search for work, 5) Advertising and media promotion of how to protect oneself from thugs and human traffickers must be started.
0 0 Start increasing use of human element in espionage of such cases.
0 0 1.rapid action force division for ANTI HUMAN TRAFFICKING 2.all correct and possible information about HT  should be acknowledged with prizes 3.easily accessible and action force to be delivered for all possible incidence of HT 4.public to carry relevant documents ,stating the relationship with the traveller ,if suspicious possible arrest and imprisonment
0 0 ....... Prostitution , it has been there in ancient India (mentioned in Artha Shahstra). Which will put curb on trafficking of women and children in flesh trade. 3. The social Justice Department may be guided to take a proper count on beggars to stop maffias inn these area and child trafficking. 4. Stringent laws against trafficking. 5. awareness among people about human trafficking so that they don't become easy prey of employment agencies. 6. Proper employment registration by govt. bodies
0 0 We have to first see the different types of Human trafficking happening in the society- 1. For Prostitution, for Cheap Labour, For Beggery, for organ trade, for games like children use for camel race. The agencies supplying manpower need to be registered with local government and shall be monitored for their activities. The verification shall be carried out by police. There shall be rules for financial transactions of supply of manpower. 2. There is actually a necessity of legalizing prostitutio
0 0 Equal oppurtunity for all without indescrimonation on basis of political linkage,police qtrocities and corruption free society will definitely help.
0 0 Trafficking mostly happens when Earning differential & lack of opportunity for employment happens in various places. People want to work in places where they can easily get employment & get more salary. Greed on part of job-seekers to earn more & job-givers to save more by hiring illegal people or pay less is cause for activity. Employment at rural areas & small towns will reduce menace. Govt must ensure that exploitation of labor by paying  less is not allowed in towns & cities to curb it.
1 0 DNA  profililing may help
0 0 A missing person description should reach the mobile through SMS and take help of cellular services ,prize to be included.
0 0 must make a central website for displaying missing persons notice to be manned by NIC.
1 0 Hon'ble sir pak. ki ghatna se mp cm shivraj sir ne state ki hr skuls & colgs pr self suraksha ka aades dia he.Me chahata hu ki India ke hr education organizations me self suraksha waha ke syllabus me ho taki hr students natural aur insani aapdao ka samna krne me kamjor na pade. Eski madad se girls cases km hoge shayad koi kala sikhane se des ki pratibha aage aae aur des ka vikas shiksha & suraksha jagat me ho sake. Jile ke sabi stabilled institute kamjor institute ki madad es aria me kre INDIAN.
0 0 creat Dna profile of missing person and there parents.
0 0 most vulnerable ar children on railway stations.every police station of town will have night shelter for these children.every school of town will have 15% seat free of cost for these children.town clubs and committee will provide food to these children.town Panchayet will organise time to time festival celebration for these children. Let us adopt all these children collectively not individually. let us take responsibilty of these children together and make future of country
1 0 Dear P M Sir You have taken up so many challenges and problems across the country right from administration,black money,corruption,obsolete laws,Inflation,International relations,Pollution Control,Swatcha Bharat, Jan dhan Yojana,Make In India,Control of prices,Terrorism,so many one by one and recently drug mafia also.YOGA advocated by you is now adopted by World.Sir another horrible and sordid plight of India is WOMEN TRAFFICKING! Your next target shall be against this heinous crime.
0 0 1) Evacuate Confiscate and Dismantle the RED LIGHT areas in Mumbai,Kolkatta, Delhi, Goa etc with bulldozers 2) Construct some stadiums/schools/Hospitals for public use. 3) Post Sub Divisional level Police officer/ Officer with Magisterial powers in these areas.4) Repatriate all the victims to rescue homes of respective states.5) Identify big hands behind these and put them behind bars to book to justice for their heinous crimes.
1 0 There are various ways to fight human trafficking such as involving all the stake holders i.e. the Police, the social organizations, the NGOs, the politicians, the racketeers and above all the victims. There should be strict laws for indulging in human trafficking. The perpetuators should be shamed by disclosing their names publicly apart from imposition of prison term and financial penalty. The victims should be rehabilitated with dignity i.e. their names should not be disclosed.
0 0 first of all find out the red light areas and rehabilitate all of the sex workers. the find out the all beggars near signals and give them job or meal and rehabilitate them to. and caught all the anti socialists who do this type of offense
2 0 Legalise prostitution with high taxes levied on it.Because the more laws you apply on it, the more demand it will be ..  So better you legalise it and it will better to reduce human trafficking.
0 0 Dear brothers and sisters of India, honestly answer to the questions : Do we really want to STOP human trafficking? Do we really want to STOP rapes in India? If yes, we have understand both these are directly and indirectly fuelled by internet porn. This HAS TO BE BANNED. The search engines like Google and websites like Facebook allow sharing porn online. This Has to be banned. can we start an initiative to stop this. If our government is serious about development , THEN DO This BAN
0 0 This type of crime is mostly done by an organized gangs with the help of their networks. Mainly big politicians are involved in this without them it is impossible so first of all the be caught.
1 0 I would like to bring to notice that people who beg near signals are also victims of human trafficing.. they are bought when small and forced to do begging in most inhumane conditions...
0 0 More than 3 & Half Years no action has been taken by any Government Department & Competent Authority against the illegalities and violations of State Laws /Co-op Laws /BMC notification and directives committed by the illegal Managing Committee .The committee has been declared as illegal from 1.05.2012 by the Dy registrar M-Ward &Addl Registrar Dr P K Khandagale- Pune ,Co-op Societies
0 0 We have lodged complaints with  Honorable President of India/ Vice President of India & Chief Minister of Maharashtra / Chief Secretary Co-operation Rajgopal Devara / Chief Secretary Maharashtra Government /Principal Secretary Urban Development Maharashtra/ Urban Development III, Urban department NAV 21  &Dy Registrar-M-Ward Konkan Bhavan, CBD,Bealpur,Navi Mumbai /Addl Regsitrar Dr.Khandagale, Co-op Societies Pune,/ BMC Commissioner / Chief Engineer Development Planning -BMC/. Dy Executive Engin
0 0 India fight against corruption. The government department are silent and are allowing the corrupt system to function by being silent and inactive. under there umbrella the project consultants/ managing committee of cooperative housing society's / corrupt builders of Mumbai/ advocates are being shelter and protected.
0 0 I need your help for Redevelopment project scam by illegal Managing Committee & Black listed company Patel engineering Ltd from BMC/NHAI and Supreme court. More than 3 & half Years  No Action has been Taken any Govt dept & Competent Authority against illegal Managing Committee  & Builders of Redevelopment Project Scam of Refinery View CHS Ltd, Plot no 62/63,Maroli Church R C Marg,Chembur,Mumbai-400074.
0 0 to face anti human trafficking mafia, we need to bring in those underworld dons who have turned good and doing good work for society. they have started many organisation like auto drivers association, taxi drivers association and sports organisations. it will be good idea to use their organisation as they have prior information how this mafia works and also have strong muscle man power to face this anti human trafficking mafia.
0 0 CG Employees working in outside their home towns  face   problems like loneliness of their old and sick parents because of their working in other states, dwelling in expensive cities like mumbai.If they get transferred to their home towns , they will not take leaves again and again that will lead to cut down in govt expenses on HTC, they will work skillfully and efficiently. So it is requested that  CG Emp. , if possible should be transferred to their home towns for the above mentioned facts.
3 0 Sir, To stop the suicide of the farmers in  Vidarbha, Marathwada, A.P. and many parts of the country, Govt should create a Bank account in the name of "Farmers welfare fund", and should make an Appeal to our citizens to deposit whatever possible amount with no barrier on higher side. Such a donation should be made tax free. In this way black money too can be converted into white money making our economy strong! People will gladly contribute to such a fund which can stop suicide of the farmers!
0 0 STRONG IMMIGRATION LAWS REQUIRED. STRICT STEPS TO BE TAKEN BY STATE POLICE. STRICT VIGIL TO BE MAINTAINED FOR BORDER CROSSINGS BY WALK,BY VEHICLES,, BY BOATS, etc.  ALL RECRUITMENT AGENCIES / EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES TO BE MADE ACCOUNTABLE / RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH NEFARIOUS ACTS ( before recruiting & sending persons, they have to get satisfied about the acts of their Principals ). SHANMUGANATHAN.B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
1 0 Remove corruption from custom and aviation officers.
0 0 Death penalty for convicts
0 0 you need to create a highly sensitive detection system
1 0 The persons subjected to human trafficking should be identified. Children especially girls are vulgar to this crime. For curbing this menace the purpose of trafficking should be studied. This will help the agencies to focus on their missions. Every fundamental rights of citizens should be protected including their religious rights. The recent religious conversions by some groups are also disturbing. The govt should act indiscriminately against human right encroaches. Govt is for everyone. !
0 0 Narendraji, I have seen how labor is exploited by another senior labor(Incharge) in most of the construction industry. It is like supply of labor. Under your strong leadership people want to invest in India and develop it. As the aspirations of even the most illiterate and so called backward class have risen there is a rush to encash the growth through any means. My suggestion is let there be no growth unless it can be sustained. There must be strict vigil on compensatio paid to even teh labor.
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM,  NOW A DAYS IT IS VERY VERY IMPORTANT TO GIVE THE ATTENTION TOWARDS ANTI HUMAN TRAFFICKING.
3 0 #1. Give spacial consideration for labour class peoples and help them. #2. Our police system should be strong. #3. Remove reservation system. #4. Our monitoring and controlling system should be more effective.
0 0 blocking of UBER was wrong today I am finding it difficult to travel because we do not have a public tranport ur harrasing pvt sector to save government servants
0 0 Vigilance on the borders should be very strict and tight. The officers/ cop on the ground, who are actually verifying document and dealing with the potential victim on day to day basis, should be especially trained to see the unseen facts/ motives. Officers on ground need to be alert and these officers should have access to latest technology, where they can find the list of missing citizens etc, which will help in improving the pace with which our system works.'Wait-time' should be minimized.
0 0 Efficient Cops and Emergency Cells are important sir.. We need Sincere Cops and police officers and as the name itself suggests any susceptible groups should be monitored.. Beggars, street Children, Prostitution areas, Construction Labor, Night time Patrol should be bade very strict.. For example in Coimbatore the police are efficient , after 11 PM, it is just impossible to find any areas with cops around. Police should be made responsible for the crime rate like corporates who acct performance
1 0 PLEASE MAKE HUMAN TRAFICKING / DEALING WITH DRUGS / ANTI-NATIONAL / ATROCOTIES AGAINST WOMEN, CHILDREN, DRUNKEN DRIVING, etc. ( 1 ) A CRIMINAL OFFENCE ( 2 ) NON-BAILABLE ARREST WARRANT TO BE ISSUED TO THEM. ( 3 ) NO COURT DEFERRMENT OPPORTUNITITES / VAAIDHAs  / NON-APPEARANCE CHANCES TO BE GIVEN TO THOSE OFFENCE COMMITTERs.  HARSHER PUNISHMENTS TO BE GIVEN TO THESE PEOPLE. Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843 COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 Honorable PM There r previalge given to defence personnel in every state but we r not getting response from district authority. I m struggaling waste land alloment since 2009.they r not taking interest n delaying it by puting observation one by one.there is no time n no moto of welfare for such work.These demotivates us in discharging our duties.Plz implement strict discipline n rules to look after welfare of defence personnel by district authority.we feel proud as soldier n expect good response
0 2 Pls give a shape to my idea and in no time you can see the difference..Iam so busy in my office but still like to contribute something to India always (12:40am, midnight)...so pls do this..! Dr.Sagar
0 1 Continuation of my below msg: For this we need to send the information of the advantages to India by buying Indian products..Ex:If Indians buy some foreign products in India, how Indian govt will pay them (in dollars) and how it effects our economy. If we buy Indian products in foreign soil then what is the benefit for India..Just send these msgs either by fbokk or whatsapp or any other media TV/Paper.. then you can see the difference..! Built Indian Malls (where only Indian products only sold)
0 0 Dear Modiji, I lived in different countries like USA,UK,MALAYSIA and visited South Korea, Iran and currently Living in UAE. What I have noticed and felt is, there are many people like me and many others we need them to pull to our Indian stores, so that we can expand our  market and inturn their governments will pay us money in Dollars, which is very useful for us. for this we need to construct atleast 2 or 3 Indian stores in big cities in the world where Indians are living most.
0 0 The termination is the cost of raising voice against corruption done by the Director at NIT, Uttarakhand. Can money n power manage everything in India ? Modiji speaks "aac he din aayenge" but When n How ? Who will take action against the corrupt Director ? The system is sleping....
0 0 I was terminated from the post of Assistant Registrar at National Institute of Technology, Uttarakhand during probation consequent upon. Prof. H.T. Thoat, the Director is involve in corruption {amounting to Rs.225 crores (appro.)}, mutilation of students, faculty & staff. A female faculty has already made suicidal attempt due to his behavior. Ten faculty n staff have already resigned during last one year. The staff members had appealed everywhere but no response. Whether system has paralysis....
0 0 New name of yojna ayog should be Vikas ayog
2 0 Construction workers who are migrants are the most vulnerable lot for Human Right Exploitation. Imagine even the big companies do not want to streamline the process of their  employment and get them register. In the name of training these companies in collusion with NSDC are misusing the training funds. Imagine the sector skill council of construction is headed by a nontechnical person and being a HR person who advises council how to exploit the funds and rights of these construction workers.
0 0 there should be such a program which make student financial free at graduation or post graduation level such that thay can bear their expentiture themselves just after passing out from school level and not frustate if they fail to get job in future
0 0 there should be such a program which make student financial free at graduation or post graduation level such that thay can bear their expentiture themselves just after passing out from school level and not frustate if they fail to get job in future
0 1 For job creation in country..... we have to establish government industries on large scale for manufacturing of our unique products for the export to most of the countries of the world...... it will create jobs on large scale in different parts of the country and recovers our economic condition.....
0 0 Dear prime Minister, I am regularly watch your feature plan to development of Our India such as MAKE IN INDIA is in international marketing slogans,  neighbor country development at Nepal, Srilanka and SARRC nations etc.... Concentrating  manufacturing sector to improve job creation and this excellent insight.  However Please give more focus on   AGRICULTURAL SECTOR so that next generation will not face food shortage, hence proposing name of slogans : YOUNG AGRI IN INDIA for youngster
1 0 HONORABLE SIR, IN MY OPINION WE MUST TAKE PRADHAN MANTRI DHAN JAN YOJNA TO BOTTOM LINE OF RURAL INDIA THROUGH POST OFFICES SAVING SCHEMES AS BANK’S ARE NOT COVERING LARGE PARTS OF RURAL INDIA. BUT POSTAL DEPARTMENT HAVE LESS COST SYSTEM TO RUN THE MISSION MORE EFFETIVILY. REGARDS NITIN SHARMA
0 0 Identity crisis- the basic cause of social unrest & bad behaviour Fall out: School dropping out, Drug addiction, Unacceptable social behaviour like atrocities towards the females, antinational activities, terrorism, religious fanaticism, intolerance of all kinds, etc. Solution: Integrate family & community, create basic infrastructure, compulsory enrolment in schools, provide meals and shelter, create productive assets/ vocation for livelihood to all, enable children to dream and aspire to grow
2 0 Dear PM, Sir There is no end to drafting new new Plans / Projects, etc  but the most important at the hour is its implementation and monitoring by a selected band of Senior Sincere Officials. May I take the liberty to comment that the slow and steady wins the race. Let us stop here for a while  to any  further proposals and the projects but start bringing  them into practice other than leaving on papers only. We can see the results of the Plans declared so far before we move on further .
0 0 I  am attaching 1. Plan to stop sexual violence against woman. 2.Plan for  a Humanity subject in schools 3.Plan to open bank account in Jan dhan yojna. 4.Plan to  stop drug addiction in Punjab
0 0 sir, this is the most horrific crime that exists. human trafficking effectively means taking away all the rights of the person. the part which is sadder is that the people who are to protect us from this is abetting it for either money or fear of someone high up in the ranks. we can frame laws after laws, but unless and until steps are taken to get the law enforcement agencies and their personnel are made to realize and are compelled to perform their duty and maintain discipline,it goes on :(
0 0 Root cause of AHT, is black money and un-employement. Unethical ways to earn money-momentarily gain something, which can be stopped only by cutting the causes in ROOTS!
1 0 Dear sirs, It is painful that women in our society feel insecure. It our country who have respected women as shakti, but now a days she is taken as most vulnerable object for sexual assault.  We remain as simple watcher and do not raise or react against the rising crime. As a citizen of this country we should not remain as spectators. Every female is responsibility of each of us and put our efforts to protect her dignity and respect. Our police needs to be more active and friendly to women.
1 0 This is most serious matter in our country and we can deal with this by educating people , making strong laws , better coordination of our local Intelligence units and Police , keeping a narrow watch and interrogating beggars and suspicious peoples  , making use of security cameras on the railway stations , roadways stations , busy streets , markets , school and college gates etc . Police & LIU Should regularly do checking in probable means of transportation and hideouts used by the culprits .
2 0 Respected Sir,I would like to co-ordinate topic human trafficking with conflict between the family especially the parents.In the present era one of the most cause is the lack of care towards children.Whatever child learn from their parents especially the violence they see in their home is one of the cause which leads them towards making a kidnapper or rapist etc.It is not just about gender because this is faced by both the gender of children.The need is the morality taught in home to children.
1 0 Respected sir, It is not difficult for the Law to track the Pimps & the unfortunate ones.Entire issue revolves around desire & commitment of law enforcing machinery.If other countries can bring down the rate of sexual crimes against women we certainly can easily do it.95 percent of the women are forced into the trafficking,so the doers must be subjected to similar penalty. I wish our suggestions become rules of tomorrow for the betterment of our country.put senior citizens as a moral police .
0 0 Human trafficking is the most backward face of human and most affected are poor child of both genders.govt is taking many steps,but for this we have to awake human soul.If you could not do anything for them,atleast allow them to live their ordinary life.we all see many children at railway stations and public places.many times we all are culprits because when we need maid,we don't think he/she is a child,we only want our work to be done.we talk much about it,but don't have courage to say no to it
0 0 Respected sir,It is so disturbing to see our children,our women folk getting the worst of treatments & torture.we constantly talk of Terrorism, the people responsible in Human Trafficking are worst than Terrorists for their cruelty on women.unless crime towards women is not given equivalent punishment such exploitation will continue.give death penalties to the proven guilty. Create fast track courts for sorting these cases. Fixing cctv cameras & its proper functioning in Red light areas is must.
0 0 Respected sir, Measures are- (1)Each Indian must be covered with Aadhar card, this will enable us to identify & track each person.(2) The severest punishment should be given to those who pull /lure the victims into trafficking.(3)If a common man knows which are the lousy /Redlight areas of his town/village/city, then why decisive action is not taken?Answer is corruption of money & offer of pleasure given to deciding authorities.(4)It is high time severest of punishment be given to corrupt class.
0 0 My suggestion for the national concern is that the name'INDIA' of our country should be change to 'BHARAT' .the name INDIA still make me feel that I m living under the colonial rule.we are the largest democracy in the world and we are carrying the name of British rule please do a concern to this matter
0 0 Sir, Can your govt legalize prostitution ...the oldest business. This could reduce to a very great extend human trafficking
0 0 sir rat ke samy hone vale 50% se adhi accident me samne se ane vale vahan ki apper beam ke light se dikana band ho jata ha  yadi sabhi four wheel bahan me photo sheal lagakar auto dipper upper system banane se  accident kam hoge
1 0 Respected sir, Today as we see smoking Is main problem. When we travel in public vehicle to save our energy sources we automatically become passive smokers against our will . sir as we all know cigarette has all harmful chemicals for our respiratory system. If we increase the cost it will not affect the addict as he will purchase at any cost. So respected sir we can change  the harmful ingredients by harmless ingredients to overcome the health problems.  we have to design cigarette in a new way
0 0 Respected sir,  in chhatishgarh  in  dhamtari  city abhi tak bye pass road nahi banaa hai. Dailly  2 days ke ander  mein  bahut  accident  ho raha  hai  so please make road so accident  may be stopped.
0 0 Child trafficking is most cruel thing. It destroys our future generation. Last year we visited India. right outside Kurla Station we saw two kids begging. They were of the same age as my son. It was hurting us. My husband wanted to help them, give them money. But then I said, this money will not actually reach them. So at that time we gave tthem vada pav to eat. This is not a solution either. but that is all we could do at that time. I really want to help but my contribution will not be much.
1 0 SIR-fuel save ke liye no-1-road ki halat thik+bridge banake lamba rasta ko chota korne hoga,oil pump me mialabat aur kom fuel dena rohkne hoga.Jis ka chalte aam public shalo se parisan,officer log bhi sab janta hai.lekin...2-Battery  gari me sarkar ki subsidy+tax less korke+add de ke sob ko utsahi korne hoga.4- purana gari aaj bhi kala dhuya fekte huye humara road pe chalta-police chanda leta aur naya 2 wheeler me fine korta hai.bandh korne hoga SARE DESH me. 4-fule me need ki anusar subsidy,
0 0 I just want one thing from you sir, and I'm begging for it, please ban the pornography websites in INDIA, because of this our youth is destroyed and the process is continued, this is a video that has raised some of the harms that we can stop if we ban pornography sites in INDIA. plz plz plz ................... upto infinity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRJ_QfP2mhU
0 0 At the time we are able to stop new entries to this business and reduce demand for this business, it is possible to solve this problem.
1 0 as compared to 30 years before to either gender.As regard to Gay it is also old but it should not be legalised.Gay marriage should not be permitted but if two male live togehr they may pass their life un attentive by society or Govt.This community is almost negligible in our country and no importance should be paid to them ie neither any harrasment nor any encouragement. Regards
0 0 Honble PM It is the oldest profession in the world and it cant be removed ,eradicated or suppresd.In my view  it should be regularised legally so that some betterment of sex workers.Though in adance contries also as USA  Italy Las Vegas the conditions are horrible.In any category of hotels if customer has taken or arranged any girl they should not be raided.For health of Nation such workers should have regular checkup so that disease are not spread as today.Now a days life is more lonely compare
0 1 Clean India movement does not fully success until Government will arrange shelters to strolling animals.These Strolling Animals defecate in Public Places like Bus Stand etc thus taint stretched.
1 0 On every railway station we see small children begging and all.Railway station has govt gazzetted officers available police available and thousand of people travelling.but nobody cares.these are children most vulnerable for trafficking.lets us solve this.all knows passer by cannot take children with them.let us every school(private and public) have free seats available for unowed children.let every police station have place for these children to eat.town can contribute for expense of food.
0 0 This is not related to human trafficking. But I do not find a suitable place to record this. It is a very good move from the Govt to abolish treating suicidal attempt as an offence. What the individual requires is compassion and councelling and not punishment. I request Govt not to treat Balck Flag demonstrations / effigy burning as an offence and give chance to people for this peaceful form of protests. In many places we find policemen pitifully trying to douse the effigy fire.
0 0 Child Labour, Unemployment for youths & un education are the basic factors for human trafficking. We need to understand these factors in micro-level then only we can fight with it.
0 0 Ban child labour in India. Pass the pending bill in Parliament.This will solve half of human trafficking
0 0 Sir, This suggestion is for Maharashtra state govt.There is road between two industries:Premium Transmissions and Wilo Mather Platt at Akurdi in Pimpri Chinchwad area. This road needs urgent repairs. The road is only 150 meters in length. If this road improves it will help industries and employees, suppliers, customers etc.Please look into this suggestion.
0 0 beggers in india should be Banned & especially child begging, Gov should make places in association with NGOS where these beggars can be kept providing food & shelter along with involving them in some productive work of small scale industries at the same time teaching & training  of children in some skill job
0 0 in gujarat number of school have no toilet facility. like in gujarat gandhinagar borisana village school. plese give grant for boys and girls toilet
0 0 please take seriously step for time of work done in railway ministry. before new railway budget announce please complite before budget work
0 0 govt will announce 2013 budget ahmedabad palanpur railway made electric line but now not  do work at time.
0 0 sir please done indian railway budget work time to time . in gujarat ahmedabad mahesana railway is meter gadge ou give praposal in budget for broadgadge but work not done time to time .
0 0 respected sir some of the bank staff not support for jandhan yojana. he is not intrested to open free account in bank
0 0 I am deeply concerned with the foolishness of our intelligence and security agencies.Why they should reveal every details on how they caught the terrorists and the information received from arrested terrorists to media? I was shocked to see a program on IBN7 where they revealed details of plan by RAW to kill Dawood on 13-09-2013 while he would be going to mess.They revealed that Mossad helped in training 9 RAW agents and tracking Dawood. Now terrorists are avoiding CCTV,Mobile mail etc.
1 0 Human trafficking is the worst form of bane for human society. It is the worst form of smuggling as per natural law. The govt. machinery has to be over alert so as to curb this. Apart from that ways to rehabilitate the bane is also needed on a very extensive and large scale.In order to rehabilitate the wrong practice there needs to be certain other important measures to be giving them some alternative or the other to provide ways and means to give them an alternative to lead a good life, ready.
0 0 Human Trafficking is a crime and a human rights violation. For a situation to be one of trafficking three distinct elements (act, means, purpose) must be fulfilled: The ACT of recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons must be done by A MEANS such as the threat or use of force or other forms of coercion, abduction, fraud, deception, abuse of power or of a position of vulnerability or the giving or receiving of payments and it must be for the purpose of EXPLOITATION i
1 0 The Anti-Human Trafficking for Criminal Justice is the result of a global process in which expert representatives, NGOs,global organizations, law officers, prosecutors and judges from all over the world contribute their expertise and good practices. In line with the Trafficking in Persons, the UNO Crime Convention, the purpose of the Anti-Human Trafficking Manual for Criminal Justice Practices has initiated various steps in implementing the policies which will not only curb this bane for normal
1 0 To curb crime specially against women and identifying uber cab driver kind of persons.Whenever any person arrested or convicted for any crime his biometric data must be taken and linked to aadhaar.Create an independent agency other than police to keep this record and while recruitment by any government or private company  record must be checked. And for particular offence,  some jobs are to be denied.It will definitely reduce crime and will create jobs also.
0 0 The job of taking down FIRs should be handed to some other department/group rather than police. This will reduce the cases where police refuse to register FIR for any crime. Person taking down FIR does not need to have the skills of a policeman, they only need skills of documenting and honesty to note down the complaint.
0 0 Their should be a very tough  & Technical work needed along the india-bangladesh border to ensure that no bangladeshi refugees can enter india illegally.
0 0 This industry grow due to the lack of moral and encouraging factors in the society. It needs a treatment at the root level of our society.
2 1 NATION IS RUN BY THE TAX COLLECTED - TAX PAYERS ARE NOT APPRECIATED The Highest tax payers in each sector should be greeted and appreciated by gov. They don't want price money - just a certificate is enough. all the highest tax payers in different sectors can be given a place in independence day or republic day parade - corporates will competite for paying taxes.
0 0 Flipkart makes the Chinese economy stronger by selling their smartphones, why can't they make Indian economy stronger by promoting the products of cottage industry...
0 0 Sir could you please research on Why Chinese smart phones are not sold in Israel and ban it accordingly in India...
0 0 Agriculture Development & Suicide of Former: I wish government of India needs concentrate more on this sector giving priority to affected areas Vidhabha etc. Every State shall be made responsible use agriculture college, CSIR and Agriculture bodies shall joint hand to help former in scientific way. 1. Soil Testing 2. Advice on type of cultivation. 3. Free seeds for cultivation. 4. Free Organic/ Fertilizer. 5. Finance and Market 6. Govt Tractor & tools 7. Export possibility only if excess.
0 0 THE MSG IS FOR EXP. CONTROL COMMISSION - GIVE GOVT. SUBSIDIES FOR REALLY SUFFERING UNITS / COS AND NOT TO PROMOTERS / COS. WHO ARE HAVING HIGH NETWORTH. TODAY, POOR MEN AND WOMEN ARE SUFFERING IN THE GAS AGENCIES AND BANKS FOR UPDATION OF BANK A/CS DUE TO NON-AVALIABILITY OF ADHAAR CARD. WHEREAS BANKS AND GAS AGENCIES ARE NOT UPDATING. CORPORATIONS ARE NOT GIVING ADHAAR FORMS. THE GOVT. IS TARGETING AND MAKES POOR PEOPLE SUFFER FOR SUBSIDIES. PM SHRI MODI SHOULD ATTEND IMMEDIATELY THIS PROB.
1 0 In Kanyakumari, Kerala there are many Homes for Children doing child Trafficking from northern regions, Police doing nothing on them, if issues raise, they just move kids to govt houses, but still there owners of Children homes are left untouched, because of religion issues. They are getting money from foreign countries, so to get more money and doing conversion, they doing child Trafficking. If you really think it is against humanity Please do action.
0 0 Each and every land deal happening in India has to be strictly monitored and to be assigned with a property registration number. That property registration number could also be included in the site address and it could be used to identify the authenticity of the land.The assigning of Property Registration Number should be made completely online from Request placing to submission of documents online in scanned format to generation of registration number. Missionaries land should also be included.
0 0 Please give contract to online retail giants like snapdeal.com, flipkart.com to promote that cottage industry products online line Indian artifacts, embroideries, sambalpuri sarees, clay artifacts etc. that will boost the income of Indian cottage industries through remarkable increase in sell.
0 0 In every foreign deal, the foreign interests must be clearly defined and restricted. In case we are purchasing any weapon or technology we must learn from it and work hard to reduce dependency in future.
0 0 It is not a hard and fast rule that to destroy a fighter plane we must have a fighter plane. We must work on devices that could dismantle the entire communication system of a fighter plane through creating waves or on mobile ground-to-air missile technology in order to improve its accuracy. If we can achieve the mars mission in a cheapest possible way, then we definitely can win the biggest ever war in the cheapest possible way. Strategic and tactical warfare needs research and implementation.
0 0 On Jan 26, Obama is coming to India, Please refrain from making any aircraft deals with that nations, because they can sell the fighter planes to us but they will keep the key of Kill switch with themselves. Instead you can choose to make a deal of mechanical weapons with them like Assault rifles, highly upgraded machine guns etc.
0 0 Let's start to make money on the foreign lands in order to improve the Indian economy. The first step should be through our services like online Marketing portal, Indian online education portal, promoting Ayurveda business all across the globe in order to improve the economic prosperity of India. Such things are much needed in underdeveloped nations like Fiji, Rwanda, Nigeria etc.
0 2 Please make a restriction in India that each and every payment above INR 1000 should be through Credit Card or Debit Card. In order to have a proper monitoring of the overall national accounting.
0 0 In order to have an idea of what sort of online professional certification could be offered through education  portal developed by India, please refer vskills.in.We can also use this to promote Hinduism across the globe by promoting our ethics and culture..
0 0 Sir, please initiate to make our online education portal just like or more well equipped then coursera.org. Through this portal, we must promote Indian education, sanskrit and all sorts of courses throughout India as well as in most of the developing nations or under developing nations. Our education will reduce the US dominance and improve their quality of life. Also, through this widespread education portal across the globe as well as India will improve the Indian economy. For ex: coursera.org
0 0 E-Marketing is the future of commercial industries. To promote this the first step is to strictly regulate  the NASSCOM and the IT firms that are operating in India. We must give them contract to start their online web-marketing portal and take its patent rights. We must promote the Indian web marketing services across the globe that can create wealth and curb out the issue of Trade deficit. This will contribute significantly on India's annual growth rate.
0 0 Dear sir/ Mam my self pankaj from masi .. my exam call letter received masi post office at 2 Dec 2014 But my letter is not deliver to me i call to GPO Dehradun , Ranikhet, Almora but Almora  officer say thats ur problem i can not do any thing Dont call me again..plz help me my exam uttrakhand group D on  21 dec 2014 but post man not deliver my admit card to timely..... so plz help me i am a student. Thank u
0 0 Dear sir/ Mam my self pankaj from masi .. my exam call letter received masi post office at 2 Dec 2014 But my letter is not deliver to me i call to GPO Dehradun , Ranikhet, Almora but Almora  officer say thats ur problem i can not do any thing Dont call me again..plz help me my exam uttrakhand group D on  21 dec 2014 but post man not deliver my admit card to timely..... so plz help me i am a student. Thank u
0 0 Dear sir/ Mam my self pankaj from masi .. my exam call letter received masi post office at 2 Dec 2014 But my letter is not deliver to me i call to GPO Dehradun , Ranikhet, Almora but Almora  officer say thats ur problem i can not do any thing Dont call me again..plz help me my exam uttrakhand group D on  21 dec 2014 but post man not deliver my admit card to timely..... so plz help me i am a student. Thank u
0 0 Dear  sir.. today i call to gpo dehradun he give me no of ranikhet postoffice he give me no of almora post office when i call then he say to me that what i saw the mirror or vision of ur problem he say that this is ur problem i can not do any thing...and cut the phone and he do not my help...sir my problem this that uttrakhand group D exam call letter is recived by masi postoffice 263658 distt- almora state- uttrakhand  but today date he not deliver to me.so i call but any body not help me
1 0 Sir, for this issue please give more focus on the poor states like Jharkhand, West Bengal, Bihar and orrisa. One can easily find people from these state in metro city doing domestic work and most of them are below 18. Public authority should established helping center in Railways station and railway police need to be more active to stop human trafficking. Also, placement agencies needs scrutiny.
0 0 Human beings are trafficked in various facets - maidservants, unskilled/skilled labour, prostitution, emigration, slavery etc.  Fake orphanages get foreign aid & keep so-called orphans who are used as slave labour. Traffickers lure women as maidservants & then betray them by forcing them into prostitution or sex-slaves. Rampant emigrant trafficking exists in which people migrate illegally due to better livelihood in European/American countries. ALL TYPES EXPLOITATIVE, WRONG & HAS TO BE STOPPED!
0 0 We should have better punishments , thats why many people are involved in crime .Police should be strict , there should be no corruption  with the people who protect our laws. JAI HIND
0 0 There should be a number like the police 100 that can be used by people/kids kidnapped.People involved should be given capital punishments. Newspapers should regularly publish such numbers , to create awareness. Citizen groups should be formed at every Taluk level to inform suspicious activities to police.
0 0 hello sir please do changes in rape teasing and molestation articles
1 0 The police of each area should be always alert. They should have better awareness. If they see a child begging or doing labour they should know what steps have to be taken. Similarly citizens also should be made aware
2 0 PULL UP POLICE.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Please change the article for rapists penalty from investigation to direct shoot on him at middle street / road. By doing this the people will afraid about the punishment.
0 0 Mr. PM, the govt. should tie up with different NGOs which work against the human trafficking and also keep a check by cross checking on the NGOs through regular surprises. By this the man power required by the govt. will surely decrease and it will be more organised. Prostitution should not be legalized at any point and instead there should be programs through which people should indulge in sex only with their beloved (wife).
0 0 First legalize prostitution. Give each prostitute an ID. Locate them in specific area. Track all of them. Seek deceleration from each new comer and do counselling. Make education up to class 10 compulsory for each girl child. Locate all who leaves education and make counselling.
1 0 Dear PM , the need of the hour is to bring out a strong law in India against the rapists. Death penalty , castration, life imprisonment . its has to be strong enough to protect the woman in our nation. This is the most important issue in our country otherwise all your policies , efforts taken to better this nation are of no use.For the protection of mother , sisters and daughters kindly take necessary action .You are the PM of nation and with that responsibility you can bring this change.
0 0 All villages and panchayath offices are to be connected on line and online payment system to be introduced. some villages and panchayaths are more than 30 km or so. it makes difficulties to make payments and loss of revenue to the government. and due to be recovered as per plan. not after years.
0 0 Police register and take action on midsing reports only after 24 hrs during which an abducted person can be taken to another state also. In case of woman,girl or child missing case, police must immediately take fir and act accordingly and must not wait for 24 hrs, some cases may not be of human traffic but it will demoralise the criminal
1 0 Sir pls create centralise policing unit     which connected to all state police all data r online for each state.state create his police hitec all complaint registered online all thana under central cctv survilance online.while data shared.it helps people & police as well center can watch condition of police making policy for jawan & station.just like we out polio from country we improve policing through digital ways & remove criminals from india.sir it makes larger effect on corruption.
0 0 Dear Prime minister, i want to bring to your notice an issue that relates to connectivity with Northeast. You must be aware that only few(4-5) trains are plying enroute Northeast. Even it is very difficult to book ticket via Tatkal. The airfare towards this particular region is also very high (today 52000/- tmrw 37000/- for guwahati) . In case of emergency how would a common man like me travel. My humble request is in regions where rail connectivity is not good,  airfare should be reasonable.
2 0 Sir, First of all, Band the Porn Indusry in India and Save around 30000 cores rupees black Money. By the Principle of Management, "If Demand is more the Supply is More." If you band the porn industry, may demand decreases. Also rape also decreases. Hopefully you will save the backbone of India i.e. Spirtual Heritage and Also save the all Dharma.( Hindu, Islam, Buddha, Jain. Sindhi etc.) Plz Full band on Porn Industy.
0 0 "PEDON CARD"   THIS IS THE NAME I AM SUGGESTING FOR"SOIL HEALTH CARDS"PEDON MEANS SOIL
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, When an Indian flies in our out of the country, why does he need to fill in a slip which is a waste of time for traveler as well as officials; all that is needed by immigration is the passport - the details of which are already pre-fed & available in the system. Travel details of passenger are available with airlines, the two systems could be interlinked in real time to save time for all. Thanks
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, To stop harassment to travelling public + officials on duty at airports, please abolish customs duty on everything brought in by passengers except for drugs, weapons, other dangerous/socially dangerous products..it will free up our airports & make them comparable with efficient & customer friendly airports like Dubai. Thx
0 0 Sir, I have posted many suggestions yesterday covering multiple areas; but in error have posted them on whatever page was open when I first logged in , I did not post on the open forum unfortunately. Will my suggestions still reach the Prime Minister since they concern multiple ministries & need prime ministerial sanction/weight. thx
1 0 Human Trafficking, in the words of Mr. Kailash Satyarti, is a multi-billion dollar business, and in this business world mafia is involved.  Law alone cannot address this problem.  We need willing participation of every member of the family.  We have to infuse in them the advantage of following our traditional value system in a more scientific and accepted way.  First, every individual should look within, & support his family around, bring them into the fold of embedded traditional value system.
3 0 Organ theft and sex market is the main force behind human trafficking. So monitor private hospitals and other medical centers where all these illegal activities takes place.
2 0 Every railway station and bus stand and public place should be under servilance of CC T V Cameras. Some nomad people with family residing near there should be rehabilitated and bring to main stream of the society to stop human trafficking.
1 0 Dear Sir,  Since I didn't find a separate forum on Marriage laws in India, I have chosen to write about it here. We want to bring to yout notice about outdated marriage laws that are heavily skewed towards women.I would really request you to please review your goverment's idea of passing Irretrievable breakdown of marriage laws. Please create a forum & then gather data on the same. Perhaps, many harassed husbands will get a stage to appeal to you.
1 0 Sir u started with swach bharat abhiyan...we r indians sir...hume dare bina aadat nhi kaam krne ki....Plz impose a fine on people who is seen polluting the environment or littering on the roads. Only this can work rather than persuasion
0 0 Jaa krde case. because he doesn't fears from law because he knows in india case will be taking too much time to settle down
3 0 In families where wife is working, the house gets 2.5 lakh+2.50 lakh i.e Rs 5 lakh tax free income.Whereas where only husband is working and wife is housewife, then that house gets only Rs 2.50 lakh tax free income and income above that is taxed.This is unjust.Hence request Govt to give justice
1 1 Islamic Country's Laws for the rapist and murderers. American Laws for Traffic and Constitution . Banking Laws by Libya( Md.Gaddafi).Currency to be traded in Physical Gold.Banking Rules of Bond papers which put a country to Debt and black money transaction within the country on a rise.Doctors who are hardly worth the license should be banned. Main factors of human trafficking are disabled government rules and re-writing/modifying Constitution of india like the Europeans and Americans.
0 1 Women are best at keeping their broods intact and safe. They need decent houses with courtyards to carry out their day to day activities, to keep their family safe and secure far from the prying eyes who are trying to entice family members. This 'housing' for women only will empower her to resist trafficking of any sort and she need not fear being thrown out of house or place of her living, that she has known and others know too. Housing means safety and security which has to be providedToWomen.
2 0 Jai Hind sir, we feel bad when we see most of the govt officials using service vehicle for private use. It is applicable for Defense personnel also who misuse their position and misuse service vehicles. To stop all this, please provide a Govt site where we can upload photos and content of such officials while misusing such vehicles/ services. Recoveries must be made from such officials in case of such defaulters.
0 0 Jai Hind sir, I would like to give some suggestions for better governance. 2. Each public place must be provided a Public Toilet which must be maintained by local civic body. Accountability can be maintained by means of Sanitary Inspectors. It is better if local shop owners, local residents are given responsibility of penalizing cleaner as well as Sanitary Inspectors in charge of the area if toilets are not maintained. Jai Hind.
0 0 Jai Hind sir, I would like to give some suggestions for better governance. 1. Each district must have a page on Govt of India site(in working condition) on which citizens can write their personal as well as problems related with locality and city. The identity must be kept secret to save complainant from harassment. Thanks for giving us a platform to give our viewes. Jai Hind.
1 0 Border management improvement in Mizoram and coastal area near Mizoram is necessary to prevent drug cartels and human trafficking
1 0 Connections with beggary,child labour,prostitution,drug cartels should be examined and action should be taken
0 1 tourism ministry may start a BHARAT YAATRI CARD, which will be a nationally valid 'traveller identity cum debit card' (linked to aadhaar and one bank account) and will be usable in all modes of transports of country like airlines, rail, inland waterways, international shipping, inter state/inter city/intra city buses, metros. By making it compulsory or by discounts, we can have a national data of all travellers inside/outside country, to check  human trafficking, migration, crimes, etc.
1 0 there should be an education  system in which a student can earn side by side his studies    ................
1 0 marks for sports in school should be as compulsory as marks for subjects like science and maths
1 0 At present STT on share is 0.1% .Turnover in share market has crossedRrs 10 lac crore in a day ,let us assume average turnover 2.0 lac crore a day ,.If STT is increasd by .001% ie  o1 paisa per hundred rupees , additional revenue to govt shall be Rs 20 thousand crores a day .Rest assure market will swallow this with time & it wud be best source of revenue . Mmoreover addition of 1 paisa per 1000 rupee is very negligible .
1 0 Traffic Rule violation in Delhi We can convert it into this in opportunity: Here is the idea: 4 people will be deployed at each major red light. Who will look after traffic problem, cleanness in radius of 1 KM, any help required to people and above all sharp see on unusual activity. Will install camera at red light to catch traffic violation. See recordings, challan will be sent to address registered address. This will fund the salary of 4 people plus some fund for clean India mission.
1 0 Made in India ko complete karne ke liye light aur suddh pai jal uplabdh karana chahiye aur gramin you man ko techcnika l prasikhan dena hoga jisse youn man atam swawlabi ban sake
0 0 it should be made a part of curricula of all education
0 1 compulsory military training for all young people for a period of 6 months is necessary for our country to induce patriotism
0 0 Heard about the AHT website (www.stophumantrafficking/mha.nic.in) for the first time. Unless the department interacts with common people nobody would know about it. Such departments should market themselves by placing advertisements through social media, channels, apps, SMS campaign. The stories on human trafficking should be told to public through TV programmes and sponsored by the AHT department. The good work done by people should be brought to the forefront be it police officers be it public
2 0 In Our country there are lot of emergency number like we got different  numbers for different departments,  and that creates  a bit of confusion,  so What i think is that we should have single national emergency number which could be accessed from anywhere in the country. the number should be short and toll free. and i think  it will help  a lot
1 0 To visualise Incredible India, the PM Modiji should first of all with immediate effect to ban begging in India & should be declared as prohibited. To achieve this the disabled beggers who can not earn by hard work should be pooled & sent to the rehabilitation centers and the wilful beggers should be caught and be forced to work like the prisoners in the jail work in some actvity of mfg. and earn their bread. To achieve this goal, only three months time to be given with wide publicity.
0 0 Sir, to tackle this problem work should be done at root level by promoting awareness amongst the society and majotarily those at the highest risk i.e the poverty ridden unemployed families and individuals who in lure of some money and god living condition believe their unknown well wishers actually human traffic brokers and land up in a gr8 mess. So people should be educated to believe no stranger and follow their advice and orders blindly.Thank you sir.
1 0 Really modi ji is a gerat person, and his ideas are very important to develop our nation. in very short period he achieved many publics heart.
