42 0 Sir, Please make a mandatory subject across India in all the schools and colleges "Citizen’s responsibility" Clean India Traffic rules importance Ethics and integrity Not bribing Punishments Environmental protection Human life values Helping / Respecting others This lesson should be introduced from the 1st standard and it should be continued till the graduation.
6 0 We can provide few  mobile numbers on every i-ticket/e_ticket and that numbers must be available with the escort team, TTE or train superintendent to help & serve the passengers wherever and whenever there is an emergency and need. To stop misuses we can impose fines as the provisions are there for the chain pullers those who are not serious.
4 0 The all book should be there in pdf's and in words file, that help us. one site like mygov should me made, were this all books download link should be their.one registration page just asking that which field you are from,that all
1 0 ADAKI GRAMA PANCHAYAT LEVEL NEP PROGRAM REPORT
5 0 An website could be created with a search engine where we can find the available Indian books on different topics and languages.As my father has translated whole VAGAWAD GEETA into beautiful Hindi POETRY. He says that it's a first of creation. Translations has been done earlier also but it has not been done in form of POETRY which is slok-wise with extra TIKA &TIMPANI in very easy Hindi. We don't know whether our Dad is wrong or right. He is 80 and a retired Teacher.
2 0 In todays world of internet the option of ebook can be very handly and popular.promoting good writers and upholding their skill is necessary. Great works of ancient and contemprary writers should be promotedthrough ads on the internet and other media sources. Children should be encouraged to read gud books
0 0 My suggestion is regarding production of school text books. Instead printing subject wise textbooks as is prevalent now, term or quarter wise books can be printed so that there is less burden on children. Now, children have to carry books for all subject being taught. Instead, for quarters one book which includes the relevant chapters from all subjects can be printed so that children need to carry only one book.  For higher classes, may be two books per term can be made.
0 0 To reach out to the maximum people, we need to focus to generate the habit of reading. It's not only school students but senior person also. Books within reach is necessary. In rural segment, there is no option of reading facility like library.
0 0 SIMPLCITY ALWAYES EASILY UNDERSTABLE AND GAVE INTRACTION FORCE TO PEOPLE OTHER THAN HEAVEY WORDS
0 0 National Book Promotion Policy — 2012 `Books for All Improving availability, accessibility, quality and readership  (dated 26.6.2012) Attachment
0 0 As per the Proposed Draft of National Book Promotion Policy for its latent objective. I suppose it has capacity for radical Change in the education system through the yought of today in the age group of 15yr to 20yr.They will be motivator and developer of "India after 2025". I have my suggestion precisely as per attachment.
2 0 National Book Promotion Policy can be successful if we pool the books donated by anybdody are made available to anybody through private library in all streets approved by government like STD booths by paying lending allowance to such private library based on its lending range certified by local street committee of public. The Members of local street committee can be changed by elected members of the street if they do not perform after three months for effective functioning of such library.
0 0 Respected Sir/Madam, Enclosed herewith are my humble suggestions for Draft National Book Promotion Policy.Thank You
0 0 In our country readers drastically decreasing due to increase in the smart phones hence so many people avoid the reading if these available in online for reading at reasonable cost. We can encourage readers in online otherwise create e-library.
0 0 BOOKS MUST BE MADE AVAILABLE ACCORDING TO THE INTRESTS OF THE PEOPLE AND MUST BE PROVIDED IN AS LOW COST COST AS POSSIBLE , SO AS TO FACILITATE LITERATE PERCENT OF PEOPLE IN INDIA .
0 0 Books should be made available to the people of the country according to their choice, language / dialect both for the purpose of education and personal development; and to achieve this target, 'BOOK BANKS' need to be established in all educational institutions, Panchayat Raj Institutions, Urban Local Bodies, and similar other organisations to help the financially challenged population of the country.
0 0 Now the people are in tight corner while speaking of time, so as our time resource is limited , everybody would be opting the optimal utilization of the same,in this regard in order to have better pick of good books, if there is a agency to rate the books on different criteria, that will be an helping hand for the readers.
0 0 A book should consist of a good content in easy to understand language. It must have pictorial representations in it and an attractive cover. The price of the book should be reasonable.
0 0 The books should be prepared from low weight paper material.The government teaching body organize the syllabus in such a way that student required only one textbook which contains all subjects for one/three month.So that student need not bunch of books.
0 0 A lesson to learn from Japan - how to have books in the national language with increasing English language domination in India? Books must be produced in national Hindi language by simplifying Hindi and absorbing new scientific words.
0 0 if we want that every one read the books we should change the pattern issue some visual books or add picture in books because most of the stories are understood by the pictures only, youth are busy in with their what's app and facebook so we should made some incomplete or mystery stories and spread the message to find out the complete one.
0 0 Hobby of reading books is fading away especially among children.We understand reading is  important, so to inculcate the same in children  ,the content of the books needs to be modified.Attempts should be made to make reading enjoyable and language used should be simple. The cost of books can be reduced and it should be easily accessible.
0 0 In this electronic age, reading habits is fading away....., Children spending their times on watching Cartoons, young people on whatsapp and internet leaving no room to study the books. It's a great challenge for writers to attract the readers. We are now in audio and visual world and print world has been washed away by these modern medium. Hence we should go for digitized library instead of keeping physical books.
1 0 It is Imperative that every single entity in the country, right from the village level,must have, at least the facility of a 'smart Reading Room', which may come handy to anyone willing to enter the arena of awareness. "AWARENESS TO ALL" MUST BE THE KEY-NOTE OF NATIONAL BOOK PROMOTION POLICY (NBPP). BUT SAD FACT IS THAT AT THE MOMENT EVEN THE CITIES LIKE JALANDHAR CITY ARE NOT WELL EQUIPPED IN THIS CONTEXT. BOOKS 📚 CAN BE USEFUL TOOLS IN THE HANDS OF THE YOUTH, GIVING BOOST TO THEIR POWER.
0 0 Dear PM, The authors do not get the kind of platform they should get in terms of content publicity..only certain kind of writing or categories are shaping the minds of we youth. There are books written on spiritual upheaval , ways of youth contributions to country, visions and future in science and other aspects, many many authors need better publicity. Even a good mobile app to promote good books. A national book rating and review system which is highly credible.
2 0 The Government should open a book bank in every district where people can donate their books.Further, to lure the young crowd the Book Bank can tie up with online websites and other brands to provide gift/ discount coupons to those who will give their book in charity. This would encourage everyone to be a part of a social cause.
1 0 Many research oriented, highly rated books such as "Molecular Biology of the Cell" costs about Rs.5,840 in amazon.in http://www.amazon.in/Molecular-Biology-Cell-Bruce-Alberts/dp/0815344643/ Govt. should bring plans to reduce the cost of such books in India. Its completely unaffordable for a common citizen
2 0 Dear PM,the brilliant students go to study abroad from our country ,but after studies ,they should contribute in development of our country by giving their brilliancy for country .so for that ,in our country there should be all facillities that the other countries provide .School should teach how to contribute our country by working in our country.
0 0 राष्ट्रीय पुस्तक पुनराप्ति योजना पुनराप्ति - Regain the power/skill Ancient India encouraged the reading - so many books written during that time frame. We somewhat lost during mediaeval time. Now let's gain that again and make India knowledge powerhouse by encouraging the reading amongst all age groups.
0 0 District Wise
0 0 I got to know, in Japan students till class 3 are not taught with prescribed syllabus but with manners and etticacy. I found it impressive and thought why can't we go on the same lines. India need the young and energetic ethical generation. If we want see a better tomorrow we must think it over.
0 0 Few pointers : 1.  School should collect book back after school term ends. This can be redirected to schools where pupil does not have money to buy. This saves trees and reuse of books until it is good condition. 2. Provide all books in e-book format. Something like Kindle book reader. 3. Each city should have atleast one public library. People could go there and read books - hard copy or e-books. This will help them get books. There will not be shortage of books as e-books be there.
0 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy, #NBPP, #NationalBookPromotionPolicy, #DepartmentofHigherEducation, #MyGov hi everyone i have attached my views on NBPP. if ur free, please go through and encourage if my views are good or if i am wrong let me know about my mistakes thank you
1 0 Dear Sir, Please publish all books as "e-Book" & that should be published via national e-Library. So that citizen can access e-book based on their AADHAAR card / student id card from national e-Library portal. National level e-book will help to reduce paper cost & it will be easily accessable.#NationalBookPromotionPolicy
0 0 Dear Sir, Please publish all books as "e-Book" & that should be published via national e-Library. So that citizen can access e-book based on their AADHAAR card / student id  card from national e-Library portal. National level e-book will help to reduce paper cost & it will be easily accessable.
0 0 dear sir plz provide toll free no, or launch toll free no of PRADHANMANTRI MUDRA BANK YOJNA.
1 0 Respected sir, We should propagate Indian values and culture. Our citizen is not being taught nationalism properly. Today’s uncultured life style wipes out our values and demolishes our culture.   I suggest,  if one is provided 5 or 10 books online, he should be given eleventh book related to Indian values and culture. If the reader is Indian citizen, he should go through a content which inculcates Nationalism. Books related our heritage and facts of freedom fight can be included.
0 0 Respected sir, Government should promote maximum Hindi books through this policy as it will fulfill aspirations of our founding father's and let the world know a beautiful language. Thank you.
1 0 Book pooling: Every person/house would have books which can be given to these book pooling centres and these then can be distributed, showcased, displayed in those centres. People can take or add books. Basic theme/idea is mass collaboration. #NationalBookPromotionPolicy
1 0 Please include stories of our brave soldiers and their selfless sacrifices in our wars - such as Col Taraporewalla, L Nk Abdul Hamid , Lt Arun Khetrapal and Capt Batra so that the new generation learns from their valour.
0 0 TALUKA PRIMARY OFFICER JAFRABAD
0 0 TALUKA PRIMARY OFFICER JAFRABAD
0 0 TALUKA PRIMARY OFFICER JAFRABAD
1 0 My suggestions are restricted to 'Library Movement' only. It should comprise of 2 parts - Urban and Rural. For Urban Chapter, Micro Libraries containing only 'High Readership Books' should be set up on lines of AAP's Mohalla Clinics. More sophisticated readers can access  'Big' Libraries already available there. For Rural Chapter, services of 'Bank Mitras can be taken who will bring books to people and back from a 'Centralized Big Library' situated at District Hqs or Blocks.
0 0 Books shall be available as per need and interest of the reader. For example at schools and aanganwadi specially children books shall be available. In each city one univesal books library shall be created. For 4-5 villages,one library shall be created.
0 0 Book Promotion policy can only work when the coming generations are inculcated the habit of reading from the childhood. This can be done only at home and school level and the visual media specifically Television channels for kids be limited to educational feeds to reduce distractions for the kids and focus on books which should be made more attractive and interesting by adding visuals, cartoons etc so that the child indulges in reading as a matter of choice and not as a matter of need.
0 0 Education should be tought: Humanity & Respect & Leadership skills
0 0 "One Village - One Library" is the Policy, that should be adopted by the Government and that makes sure of promoting habit of Reading and Listening. It is really great and important to develop a culture of Reading and Listening!
1 0 Someone might say, each city does have a City Library but does each village have a good Library? In my opinion, we do not have Libraries in each Village. To promote the culture of Reading and Hearing a Book or Music ( in Music Library or in the same Library there might be a section where people can hear Music collectively, it can be an experience like watching Cinema in Theater), we need to build such Libraries in each Village.
2 0 Reading is our cultural habit, our eye is trained to read everything that we see, weather that is a natural phenomenon, a great visual, some one's face or a book. By reading we enhance our knowledge and understanding of our surrounding. Therefore, for the promotion of the Books we must promote Reading as a Social Habit. The question is where will people go and read? People go and watch Cinema, Plays in a theater. There are ample of such theaters. But do we have many great Libraries?
0 0 t is very important for children to make habit of reading books. They should have easy accessibility to books. I stayed abroad with my kid. My daughter loved the library system there. We can have library system on similar lines.
0 0 Regional literature should be given importance and regional publishing houses should be opened and promoted.
0 0 my book my life is slogan for Draft-National-Book-Promotion-Policy
0 0 Students, teachers as also readers don't generally get the right books.Writing a book or preparing a text book demands very high quality of workmanship. As Joint Secretary to the Govt of India, I had personally worked on the draft PRABODH text book for the Hindi Teaching Scheme of the GOI along with a very able team of my officers and a few academics. The book never attracted any flak, because attention was paid to every minute detail, content and spelling. If written properly, books can unite
0 0 Please provide tablets to all the students from 6 th class onwards if bulk produced they will cost about Rs 1000 a piece, load all text books class wise this will save thousands of crores on printing of books and depletion of forest land, If the schools can provide internet sky is the limit for their knowledge. govt should provide E.books at free of cost in subjects as a special mission
0 0 hi!! first of all i would like to thank mr prime minister for giving us such a great opportunity to serve our country like this... modiji, i would like to share some of your ideas with you regarding the saving of petroleum products. as u all know that trucks are the big source of transport in india and we can save upto 1000000 letrs of fuel everday bu allowing them to load the trucks as per their limits now the limits decided by the RTO as trucks are more powerful then they are load for and af
0 0 It is very important for children to make habit of reading books. They should have easy accessibility to books. I stayed abroad with my kid. My daughter loved the library system there. We can have library system on similar lines. 1. Have a free for all library system 2. Mandate every municipality, panchayat to have library system which is run through taxpayers money 3. The libraries in a taluka connected to make a taluka based library 4. reward the panchayats doing good in those.
0 0 I wish our government takes action to collaborate library in the syllabus of all educational institutions, learning should be a triangle platform Teacher-Student-Library, equal hours should be established for library in a day, only by establishing reading habit among everyone we can make India a developed nation. Jai Hind.
0 0 Its very important for our children and elders to have reading a habit . I give following suggestion to encourage learning by reading: 1. pls make a large collection of ebooks on all subjects so one didnt need physical copy. 2. make libraries comlusary  at all schools . 3. provide colourful books for kids so that go through them. 4. book festivals should be encouraged in all cities and distt. 5. group discussion should be promoted  in school and colleges on books.
0 0 1.MAKE BOOKS AVAILABLE ON PAY PER VIEW BASIS DIGITALLY.THIS PROMOTES EASY ACCESS. PEOPLE DON'T READ BOOKS BECAUSE AT FIRST THEY DON'T BUY IT. MAKE IT AVAILABLE TO THEM AT AFFORDABLE RATES SAY 10 RS/MONTH. THIS MIGHT LOOK SILLY, BUT IF SAY A 100 PERSONS JUST RENT IT FOR THE SAKE OF CURIOSITY ,WE CAN BE SURE AT LEAST 60 PERSONS WOULD SKIM THROUGH IT.IF SATISFIED OUT OF THESE 60 WE CAN EXPECT AT LEAST 20 TO BUY A PRINTED VERSION OF THE BOOK,WHICH OTHERWISE COULD BE IN THE SHELVES OF THE PUBLISHER
0 0 LEAVE THE OROP FOR OFFICERS - LET US READ THIS INTERESTING ESSAY ON LEADERSHIP BELOW OFFICER LEVEL Leadership Below Officer Level in the Indian Armed Forces* By Captain Balamurugan R Subbu** ?Leadership is a complex phenomenon, leaders are both born and made, but mostly made.? General George S. Patton Jr.1 Introduction The above quote reveals complexity of the leadership phenomenon. It is a phenomenon which comprises various personality traits like bearing, courage, decisiveness, endurance and initiative etc. Modern psychology claims that different personality traits are responsible for various types of leadership. These traits cannot be analysed in isolation. Blending them leads to an overall leadership style. A widely accepted definition of leadership describes it as ?an act of conducting, guiding and persuading?. It has been recognised that for one man to obey another with some enthusiasm, there ought to be something in common. Any individual from a group can become a leader subject to a chance given to him. It is a proven fact that these traits always form part of the overall personality of an individual. These inherent traits in a person can always be improved upon and brought out by regular training. 2 Till recently, in the Indian Armed Forces it was a moot point that we do not have able leadership below officer level. During the period from 2000 to 2010, when induction into the officer cadre was short by 20 per cent, this weak link in our junior military leadership was identified clearly. Today,when the Armed Forces are facing shortage of young officers, do we have sufficient leaders below officer level? With the severe shortage of young officers ? in units/ sub units, can we continue to employ young officers to perform all minor tasks? Why can we not employ Non Commissioned Officers (NCOs) and Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs) instead, to perform these routine tasks confidently? To find an answer to this question, we need to carry out a systemic introspection. The quality of leadership below officer level is very crucial for the Armed Forces. The burden of work on young officers can be reduced by employing JCOs / NCOs for routine duties? which would relieve them for employment in more complex tasks. This essay explores the answers to the above questions. Role of Senior NCOs and JCOs.? The British Indian Army was led by British officers to uphold loyalty to the British Crown. But, the personnel below officer rank (PBOR), the natives of India, were separated from the British officers by language, socioeconomic status, local customs and life style. To bridge this gap the British Army felt the need of having junior leaders of similar background as the natives. They were entrusted with some additional authority to command and control a group of soldiers during operations and peace time. In 1929-30, they were given the status of ?below officer rank?, but above the natives. The authority and powers of these junior leaders were not laid down in any manuals / documents. British officers in command (in field) were privileged to employ these junior leaders according to the situation. After 1947, the Indian Army retained the same colonial concept. It is true that the existing system is time proven and won laurels in the past operations. But, the system has failed to adjust with the changing environment. What are the factors that have led to this situation? Do our JCOs and NCOs have the ability to take decisions in dire situations? Do we impart adequate training to them to carry additional responsibilities, distinctly apart from the tasks given to them in the colonial days? Do we impart training during induction period to enhance their utility commensurate with their ability and potential? The answers to these questions would mostly be ?No?. Apart from these factors the system has some inherent weaknesses. Weaknesses. Inherited perception and thinking led to notable neglect in upgrading the standard of leadership training of PBOR. This weakness needed more attention, especially after Kargil War. Following weaknesses have inhibited the growth of leadership qualities in PBOR : (a) Age factor of JCOs. (b) Levels of education and intelligence. (c) Limited exposure to various situations in initial years of training and service. (d) Aiming for personal benefits from higher authorities. (e) Introducing regionalism, nepotism and favouritism. (f) ?Chalta hai? and ?Sahab se pucho? attitude i.e. avoiding excellence and responsibility. (g) Fear of being looked down upon among colleagues and losing face. Organisational factors which have contributed to these weaknesses are discussed in the succeeding paragraphs. A. Intake Standard.? Since Independence enrolment of the Other Ranks (OR) in the Armed Forces are based on recruitment rallies and drives. No test to evaluate the qualities of character and leadership of a recruit is conducted. Later, on becoming a NCO / JCO, the organisation expects him to display leadership qualities to meet varying situations? whereas, throughout his career these aspects are ignored. Then it becomes a herculean task to train the individual to imbibe the required qualities to reach the expected standard. B. Leadership Training in Service. This is an important facet of military training. Leadership training should start abinitio from the recruit training stage and it should continue to be upgraded at various stages in an OR?s career. Unfortunately, this aspect has been given very little attention and importance. C. Reluctance in Taking Decisions.? To keep their own tail clear, the PBOR always follow the principle of getting back to the immediate senior, whenever in doubt. They are unwilling to take minor decisions? and whenever they do, later they do not accept responsibility for the same. This aspect got highlighted very clearly while examining the incident, when in 2008, a JCO failed to save his ambulance from a mob in Jammu & Kashmir. Personal Factors. As per Freud?s Theory in Psychology, every individual has some personality traits which control his behaviour in day to day life. If an individual?s character and integrity are questioned, as a matter of rule, then he cannot become a successful leader among his subordinates. The recent developments in society have produced varying effects on the character of an individual. These trends have not spared the Armed Forces as well. The Armed Forces have not modified the system to check and balance the effects of these social trends, and the responsibility to keep his image and integrity untarnished, is left to the individual. D. Centralisation of Responsibility.? As no mistakes are accepted by the higher echelons, various authorities at the middle level do not take any chances. Even for petty jobs an officer is detailed? although the same could be easily done by a NCO / JCO. It leads to lowering of morale of both the officers and the men. A leader below officer level is not even allowed functional independence to carry out his task. To reach the stage of combat decisionmaking in war? a section/platoon commander (which essentially implies a NCO/JCO) has to learn to take decisions during peace time soldiering. Due to dilution of authority and overcentralisation of responsibility, JCOs / NCOs get into the habit of looking over their shoulders all the time. E. Curbing Initiative.? Initiative is the essence of a leader?s character. This quality, amongst other important factors, helps him to come out with innovative ideas. There is a growing tendency in the officer cadre to curb the initiative of NCOs / JCOs. The NCOs and JCOs need to be groomed in a planned and progressive manner by decentralisation of responsibility. Rigid Frame of Mind. It is said that to get an old idea out is more difficult than to introduce a new idea. The present higher echelon officers (because during their younger days the strength of officers was sufficient) believe that no OR can be a good leader. Some of them believe that only officers should be employed to accomplish all tasks. This thinking has led to neglect of the idea of imparting leadership training to NCOs and JCOs. Remedial Measures Reorientation of Leadership Training. Today, employment of Armed Forces is not limited to conventional war situations only. Their commitment in internal peacekeeping, counterinsurgency and low intensity conflicts etc. has grown over a period of time. Due to shortage of young officers and unsatisfactory state of leadership standard amongst NCOs and JCOs, it would be difficult for the Armed Force to perform their enhanced tasks/role with required efficiency. Since officers would not be available to take decisions everywhere, NCOs and JCOs have to be trained to take vital decisions at lower levels of leadership. To meet this requirement leadership training for junior leaders below officer level needs modification and reorientation by initiating following measures:? (a) Recruitment Procedure. Evaluation of a large number of recruits for assessing leadership qualities is a difficult task. The present recruitment procedure should include a simple psychological test to identify key leadership traits. Result of this test, in the Record of Service, would later help in selection of right individuals for nurturing leadership qualities during their service career. (b) Induction Level Training. Result of psychological test should be used as a base during initial training at the basic training establishments. Firstly, a discreet check on character and leadership traits should be maintained during this phase of their training. Thereafter, the parent units should take on the responsibility of guiding individual soldiers to attain their full leadership potential. (c) NCO Level Training. During the initial stage of training in the units, periodical review of leadership traits should be conducted. These reviews should highlight the positive and negative character traits clearly. At the end of about 10 years service, a formal training capsule on leadership training should be conducted to select NCOs for training at regimental centres. They should also be tested at various levels of responsibility like detachment, section and platoon. These evaluations could help in ascertaining the level of responsibility that can be given to individuals. Suitable candidates should be subjected to section / platoon level tactical exercises. Successful NCOs should be screened to assess their eligibility for promotion to the JCO rank. (d) JCO Level Training.? When a NCO becomes a JCO, he generally experiences a period of stagnancy in his career. At this stage, he is neither part of a working party nor is he a working party commander. Therefore, in day to day functioning he needs to be given more responsibility, as this will give him confidence to shoulder bigger responsibilities, both, in peace time duties and as a leader during operations. On becoming a JCO, he needs training capsules on leadership so that he keeps abreast with the newly commissioned officers. Officers with adequate maturity and experience should guide the JCOs to become better leaders. Role of Senior NCO / JCO ?No man is a leader until his appointment is ratified in the minds and hearts of his men?. ? DAG Hammarksjold The responsibilities of a NCO and JCO should be defined in doctrines / pamphlets of the Armed Forces.? These should be followed in letter and spirit at unit / sub unit level. The employability of a NCO/JCO, to take on the duties / responsibilities of a young officer, should be increased. This would encourage him to take decisions more confidently. Any person who fails to meet these responsibilities should be identified, and counselled to show improvement in a given time frame, failing which he should be wasted out to maintain functional efficiency of the organisation. Knowledge and Exposure.? In modern society, anyone who selects Armed Forces as a career is well informed and educated. As he moves ahead in service and gets promoted as a NCO / JCO, he tends to ignore the importance of knowledge to develop his leadership qualities. Competence comes with knowledge because experience alone does not make a man to grow to his full potential. A NCO / JCO should be given adequate opportunities to improve knowledge relevant to his service and trade. He should be encouraged to keep abreast with the younger generation by being open to new ideas. This would enhance his ability and confidence to work with subordinates. Even as a young jawan he should be exposed to take right decisions in complex situations, as part of a detachment to carry out important tasks. This methodology will pave the way for developing his leadership qualities. Appraisal System.? The appraisal system for NCO / JCO in vogue needs revision to meet future requirements. New features should be included to evaluate his character, professional acumen, level of initiative, willingness to take responsibility and other desired ibutes. The officer cadre should ensure that the new appraisal system is fair and judicious. Role of Young Officers.? When a young officer joins the unit from the academy his interaction with men starts through NCOs and JCOs. They help him to understand the men who will follow his command in peace and war. He should establish a positive rapport with them and take care not to hurt their emotions through immature conduct on his part. Young officers should understand that the NCOs and JCOs have spent most part of their lives in the Armed Forces and are a reservoir of inherited military wisdom. He should, therefore, endeavour to help them to become good leaders by entrusting them with more responsibility. Officers critical appraisal should be directed to reinforce the confidence of a NCO / JCO. Middle level leadership in the Armed Forces should give adequate freedom to NCOs/ JCOs to perform their duties confidently. Comparison with Other Armies In modern armies the concept of having competent NCOs has survived? but the concept of JCO has met with moderate success. The systems being followed in some foreign armies are enumerated below : (a) The US Armed Forces.? Comparing the United States (US) Army with Indian Armed Forces would be an inaccurate hypothesis. 1. In the US Army the role of NCOs in combat is vital. As a young NCO, he is given responsibility equal to, if not more, than our JCOs. 2. The NCO would be assessed for this on various occasions (to reach this level in his unit /sub unit). 3. His position is quite well defined in the organisation, alongwith his role, responsibilities and duties.4. The JCO like appointments in the US Armed forces are more at the formation and administrative level. The percentage of such appointments are very low in comparison to the Indian Armed Forces. (b) Armed Forces of NATO Nations. Being a forerunner to the Indian Armed Forces, most of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) nations are still following the concept of JCO rank. Functioning and grooming aspects of their leaders below officer levels are very concisely explained in their tactical / operational doctrines. Studying these concepts indicate where we have failed in our Armed Forces. (c) Singapore Armed Forces (SAF). SAF may be smaller in size? but, there are some aspects which we need to learn from them for betterment of our Armed Forces. In SAF the concept of JCO is given very less weightage. Induction of NCOs in SAF starts with a ?Reasoning and Psychological Test? at the age of 17 to 19 years. After selection they attend three years Graduation Programme in Defence Institutes. These NCOs, being backbone of SAF, become ?Specialists? or ?Subject Matter Experts? (SME) on completion of studies. These SMEs are young in age with high potential and are able to carry out all kind of tasks during operations and peace time. After 10 years of physical service SMEs are promoted to the rank of Warrant Officers (WOs) who are equivalent to our JCOs. On becoming WOs, they are mostly employed in administrative duties? unlike the Indian Armed Forces where a JCO is expected to lead a platoon in battle. This system in SAF ensures that an NCO is competent, intelligent and young to lead a platoon during operations. Recommendations The modern warfare is characterised by small detachment actions in specific tactical situations. In the prevalent system in the Indian Armed Forces, where the average age of JCOs is 3840 yrs, they would not be able to cope with the physical requirements of modern warfare. To that extent, existing system needs to be amalgamated with a new system. The salient features of the proposed new cadre are as under : (a) Age Profile. Age profile of NCO/ JCO needs to be reduced to meet the basic requirements of modern warfare. With the reduction in age profile an NCO /JCO will be high in receptivity and more confident in taking additional responsibility to lead a detachment in peace and war. (b) Formation of a New Cadre. Apart from the present JCO / NCO cadre, an additional stream of direct JCO / NCO cadre needs to be formed. (c) Basic structure of the New Cadre would be as follows: Features of the Proposed New Cadre. (i) Educational qualification for the New Cadre would be 10 + 2 with preferably Diploma in Arts / Commerce / Technical field (specialisation). (ii) Psychological test to be conducted during recruitment.? (iii) Grooming and on the job training be given for six months at unit / sub unit level. (iv) Younger age profile increases the employability in various conditions for an NCO. He is more flexible and receptive during initial military training. (v) On completion of 10 years of physical service NCOs should be given an option to either go out of service or to get promoted to JCO rank (through selection). (vi) Younger JCOs (30 to 32 yrs) would be more capable than the existing JCOs. As a JCO with a younger age profile, the individual would be available to the organisation for more than 10 years. (vii) The present ratio of JCOs in the Indian Armed Forces may be reduced. Their employability should be more in administrative than operational roles in the units. (viii) After 15 years of physical service as a JCO, he may be sent on retirement at the age of 4245 years or seconded to Para Military or Central Police Forces. Conclusion The NCOs and JCOs in future need to be broadminded: having depth in character, being tough, competent, better in man management, well informed and balanced in thinking. These qualities would help them to provide better leadership at the lower levels in modern warfare conditions. The need today is to identify the weaknesses, short falls and problem areas in leadership training of our PBOR. My intention in this essay is neither to project a bleak picture nor to raise an alarm about the lack of leadership qualities of NCOs and JCOs. The need of the hour is to have professional soldiers? who are competent, willing to take on responsibility and do not have ?followers? attitude of ?sahab se pucho?. There is a definite need for reforming the system? else it may lead to failures during the hours of crises and need. This weak link has the possibility of remaining unnoticed during peace time but would get highlighted during operations. Such changes are not possible in a short time frame of one or two years. A clear plan and road map should be prepared so that we have combat ready Armed Forces, befitting our aspirations to be a great power. Endnotes This article has been printed from website of United Services Institution (USI) of India on 18/08/15 at 13:13 IST. It can be directly accessed on Internet at [http://www.usiofindia.org/Article/?]. USI of India can be contacted at: Rao Tula Ram Marg (Opposite Signals Enclave) Post Bag No 8, Vasant Vihar PO, New Delhi  110 057 Telephone: +91 11 2614 6755/56, 2614 8682 Fax: +91 11 2614 9773 Website: [http://www.usiofindia.org] Copyright ? 2010. All rights reserved. The United Service Institution of India. Website designed, developed and maintained by  Consultancy Services. [http://www.procs.in] 1. Dr Rakesh Khurana of Harvard Business School as quoted in his research work ?Handbook of Leadership Theory and Practice?. 2. ibid. 3. ?Field Manual  Army Regulation?,?www.usmilitary.about.com.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. 4. ibid. 5. ?Organisation  UK & NATO Army?, www.?en.wikipedia.org.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. 6. ?Command Structure?,?http://www.mindef.gov.sg.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. * This article won the First Prize in Group ?B?: Open to officers upto 10 years of service. ** Captian Balamurugan R Subbu was commissioned into Central India Horse on 22 September 2007. Presently, he is Second in Command, 2 Independent Armoured Squadron. Journal of the United Service Institution of India, Vol. CXLI, No. 588, AprilJune 2012. 8/18/2015 USI of India | An article by USI http://www.usiofindia.org/Article/Print/??2/4
0 0 #skillindia #universityofindianarmedforces My open letter to ms smriti Irani, min of HRD Dear madam, I am writing you to highlight the atrocities to the serving sailors,soldiers,airmen. They all are recruited and trained in their allotted trades by the defence. But the biggest irony is that none of the courses and training  offered are recognised by the UGC nor these are affiliated to any university. So the highly trained and skilled jawan when retires at an early age of32-35 years, his qualification is nil. He gets nothing. My request to you is that A UNIVERSITY OF DEFENCE BE ESTABLISHED just as #rakahashaktiuniversity established by our beloved PM sir in Gandhinagar. This historic move will place our government back into the hearts of the jawans. A bad image of our PM has been created by some rogue elements on OROP issue. The jawans retiring after 15 years of more are being given some funny 'equavalant to graduation' certificate which has no educational value. Jawans are being cheated by the officers so that they will not face competition from them in higher posts after retirement. To cover all this up,  jawans pre release courses offered but they too are of no educational value. Retiring Officers are offered courses in IIMs an IITs. The jawans re allotted hair cutting technology course.
2 0 1st create govt. online library  and apps and stablish govt. libraries in every city and village where everyone can go and read those books which he or she selected online. and in this plan also provide opportunities for new writers and old writers.
0 0 To mention B.Sc Agricultural Biotechnology in IBPS SO advertisement for the post of Agriculture field officer Grade-I
0 0 I was discussing with Mr H K DAS, your Gujrats Add. Ch Secy of Ports & Transport during the period of 2002-2003-2004. He suggested that - your promises like- Maximum governance & Minimum Govt should be implemented. Weekly any day for 2 hours should be reserve for common public hearing in every ministry. Concern secretary must be there with his assistance. A lot of public are facing too problems to get an appointment. It touches my heart, so I am informing to you. With Smile - your loving GOPI
0 0 To mention B.Sc Agricultural Biotechnology in IBPS SO advertisement for the post of Agriculture field officer Grade-I
0 0 Let all important books especially relating to wars India so far fought must be made available on line eBook . This will immensely improve young generation understanding of country strength & weaknesses.
0 0 There are more books to read but less people to read them.PM Modi advised students during his interaction on 4 September to read the book `POLLYANNA' of 1913 to develop positive attitude in life. I do not know how many students read the book but the book available online is very interesting. I wonder how could he remember this book and its name. Such books, inspirational books, biographies/autobiographies of great leaders should be given importance. Book reading should be encouraged.
0 0 Hamare pustak me nationality or research par mahatv diya jay na ki kewal hame knowledge dene ki
0 0 Talking about a reform in school books I think it would be a great Idea to have books at School level rather than student level. This would help in below ways bring down studying cost for children, recycling the books again for the next batch, saving trees, helping students to shed weights from students back,
0 0 Talking about a reform in school books I think it would be a great Idea to have books at School level rather than student level. This would help in below ways bring down studying cost for children, recycling the books again for the next batch, saving trees, helping students to shed weights from students back,
1 0 Going online central Library will help many Indian in many ways 1. Save our Mother land with less trees brought down 2. Cost efficient by making online versions free/cheaper. 3. More accessible. 4. Each book can having it personal forum options which can add values by adding Ideas from all over India related to book under one roof accessible to everyone. Giving an innovative like mind to work together and followed. 5. Promote reading habits. And in many more ways that I cant think off
1 0 My belief is books our source of knowledge well documented and transferred to other in its original form without any depreciated information while it gets communicated to others. Lets have a central online Library which can have all the books of the world, not necessarily free. This platform can provide a e-copy for book with a lesser rate compare to original book being a digital copy accessible only when login or give an option to purchase a hard copy of book online #NBPP
0 0 You cannot everyone to each book, but you can take each book to everyone. Refer #1 of Sankar Nagarajan below. Go digital. Start now. Enough blah-blah. Now boom-boom.
1 0 there should be public library in each constituency of mp and mla where people can read books, surf the internet for free and read magazines and papers in peace and enjoy reading good books
0 0 central government has scheme to operate delhi public library by the ministry of culture.In order to deviate school children and students  from addiction to TV central government should set a chain of delhi public libraries in east delhi in I.P extension by constructing an indepedent building near the schools .There are vacant plots of DDA in I.P extension.
0 0 Hay we want to change the our naition name, INDIA To Replace  The New name of RECEPECED INDIA  ......So Call the  Recpected INDIA when to Say We From Recpected INDIA  .....
0 0 On this auspicious  Teachers' day and Janmastami, let the MyGov replace the current money-making education by man-making education. We need more and more youths to be involved in nation-building exercise. Let the Headmasters/Principals implement it in the interest of the nation. Let the well-paid teachers shun private tuition to educate the needy.
0 0 Greetings, Attaching pdf with 7 ideas around digital library, authors/students interactions, libraries in public places, encouraging book reviews by students, targeting disabled/elderly/children, recognition program, translations.
1 0 Students in Schools & Collage should be given 3-5 years Defence training compalsory like Isrial. through which Students will get attached with nation, deciplines will be genrated in all students.
2 0 *Madatory public Library places in Muncipality/panchayyat/schools/sectors/society which can be run by RWA/Retired army man-government employees/old age people in community under various schemes which is inter-connected with central data base servers *Set-up of National E-Library(on-line access) which also promote to publish new authors for their publication
1 0 rashtriya book policy bachho ko samaz ani cheye..or yeh satae boards par v lagoo ho
1 0 where there is a will, there is a way
0 0 Books are the only medicine in the world to get knowledge, so we'll get cured by taking medicine,the same we get knowledge by reading books. I suggest the Indian government to make law as a subject from schooling itself, so that everyone will knew what is the importance of it. Many people in India have been fooled and we're forced to pay bribes in the name of fine, they didn't come to know about it. So I suggest to make law as a subject and it's compulsory for all.
0 0 THE RELIGION IS THE PATH OR PROCESS WHAT TRANSFORMS OR DEVELOPS THE Barbarity INTO THE Humanity AND WHERE WE LEARN TO TRANSFORM OR DEVELOP THE Humanity INTO THE Divinity."
1 0 "Education is the manifestation of the perfection already in man" — SWAMI VIVEKANANDA... http://www.swamivivekanandaquotes.org/2013/04/swami-vivekananda-quotes-o... You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
0 0 WHAT ABOUT THOSE CHILDREN WHO DID NOT GET A CHANCE TO KNOW WHAT THE BOOK REDING IS! EVEN THE 3RD GENDER CHILDREN WERE ACTUALLY ABANDONED BY SOME ENGLISH GOVERNOR FROM SOCIETY SINCE 18TH CENTURY,SO AFTER 200 YRS, WE , THE SO CALLED PROUD INDIANS, ARE NOT ACTUALLY HABITUATED TO LIVE IN A SOCIETY WITH THOSE PEOPLE. WHAT IS THE REASON ACTUALLY, WE ARE GETTING HIGENIC!. :)WHAT ABOUT THEM, WHO DID NOT KNOW EVEN WHAT THE BASIC EDUCATION AND WHAT EVEN THE MANIFESTATION AND PERFECTION IS SINCE 200 YRS!
0 0 WHAT ABOUT THOSE CHILDREN WHO DID NOT GET A CHANCE TO KNOW WHAT THE BOOK REDING IS! EVEN THE 3RD GENDER CHILDREN WERE ACTUALLY ABANDONED BY SOME ENGLISH GOVERNOR FROM SOCIETY SINCE 18TH CENTURY.... SO AFTER 200 YRS, WE , THE SO CALLED PROUD INDIANS, ARE NOT ACTUALLY HABITUATED TO LIVE IN A SOCIETY WITH THOSE PEOPLE. WHAT IS THE REASON ACTUALLY, WE ARE GETTING HIGENIC!. :)WHAT ABOUT THEM, WHO DID NOT KNOW EVEN WHAT THE BASIC EDUCATION AND WHAT EVEN THE MANIFESTATION AND PERFECTION SINCE 200 YRS
0 0 to promote book reading,we need right librarians recommending the right book to a particular person according to their level of reading,taste,career/school requirements,time available and goals in life.for this,maybe we can set up expert librarians and teachers who can help people with it.again,please use my earlier recommendation of setting an e-library.also,when more e-readers become preffered,printing costs will reduce.
0 0 first of all,we need a national e-library in internet which lists a database of all books available at the nook and corner of the country for rent in a physical library as well as for sale in a shop.also,it should contain number of available copies and price listings.we also need e-librarians who can help/recommend people according to their requirements.let people register through aadhar if identity is mandatory.if possible,even make possible e-booking,delivery,take back of books.
0 0 Government will think to give cow's & coat for all village unemployment people's. So they will start work and earn something. Avoid free gifts.
0 0 national competition for best book in each category.
0 0 Being an author I could suggest some points: 1. ISBN allocation to authors and publishers is currently a pain area. It should have to be an online and transparent process 2. NBT should start programs/courses on writing and publishing 3. NBT should fund authors to self-publish their book (based on some criteria) 4. NBT should encourage authors and should act as an agent to give manuscripts to the publishers
1 0 BOOKS are our best frinds.they give us a new vision to live life beutyfully.every student must have habit of reading.every school must have a rich library,where books may be in low quqntity but would be in varius subjects.only books can change the world.
0 0 1. Every school should ask students to write a book on any topic they wish in their period of schooling and that should be considered for evaluation along with Std 10 board marks. This will ensure creativity as well as knowledge in students. 2. Similarly, every university should ask the students to write a book related to their field in the 4 year period of their higher study. Thus every mechanical engineering will write a book on machine design, manufacturing processes etc.
0 0 please do not let general category people to have education if they cannot afford jobs. I know my self. people say do your deeds and it will be done. but how long shall we do, age is limited for govt. job for general category. it is we idiots who drop year for good institution so that we can have good career but by the time we leave college qualifing age or number of attempts has gone with a burden of lakhs of application form rupees
0 0 sorry, MR. MODI i know this is not a right discussion here, but since you go through all our comments, i want just one thing that is Equality among indians. Treat each of us equally. We talk of equality but ourself create bias at time of admissions and job opportunities. for example We say indian girls are as valuable as boys, if so then why we require reservation for them. We say We all are alike and no caste system prevails since after all we are INdian, this sentence itself irritates me.
0 0 The authors should be encouraged to write books and the Govt. should play vital role by publishing the first book of the author.
0 0 Suggestion and request for make Clean City.. DHUBRI (Assam) main Town
0 0 I like to know about Modiji's present policy about "Kashmir Issue", what is the plan?....how we will move forward?......or we need another 65 years for think on this issue, the way Congis has spend?
0 0 Government of India- publication division publishes many vital books like 'India book', 'yojana' various annul reports. the availability of such vital information books for aspirants of various exam candidates is very less in even city, will find no dedicated book shop/ promotion counter for such books in cities. by arranging special counter of publication division at post offices will promote the books as well as a student/ exam aspirants can have such books at their near locality.
0 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy  Reward points redemption sites of banks such as sbi could be advised to include more number of books.And major publishers should be added as partners.Currently the options are less...
0 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy 'Writing of books for children' should have more scope for the related artists as well.Creative young artists should be encouraged to draw and paint the illustrative paintings for the children books. Children books needs more illustrative imaginary colorful paintings to attract the kids.
2 0 Chhatrapati Shivaji who devoted their whole life for national interest. If we introduce their systems, culture in education system then today's child and tomorrows nation drivers will be brought up with a sense of proud of Indian culture and values. In long run this will have a huge impact on mentality of Indian people/ youth.
1 0 As far as quality and content of Indian books is concerned I think contents should be introduced in education system which gives a sense of proud. Particularly if we take example of education of Indian history which is being taught at schools, starting from 1100 AD to arrival of British, it mainly talks about invaders who came and ruin Indian system, it talks about changes which they brought with them, but in this process many Indian heroes are completely forgotten like Maharana Pratap continue.
0 0 An NGO, (registered under West Bengal Societies Act)   of Kolkata has organised several small exhibitions in educational Institutes,libraries & museum, but it is  difficult to get support from the existing scheme.
0 0 At present the National Trusted Agency is National Book Trust  India. There scheme is varies from year to year such as one year the  scheme to be submitted with the recommendation from one of the agency as per their guidance. The scheme is submitted by 31st  March, the programme is planned from Sept on wards ( since the the scope of getting sanction before September may be difficult). The sanctioning authority expect the date and places in the programmes to be organised before 31  March.
0 0 Peringalam Grama Panchayat New education Policy suggestions
0 0 peringalam Grama Panchayat New education Policy suggestions
0 0 Dear Sir, Every collector/district magistrate information, every district problem submitted to you. I Requested every Govt. office more Black money save. Please Stop Black Money.
0 0 Dear Sir, Our country farmers family focus, Farmers land, Farmers education, & Farmer how to Development in Agriculture sectary.
0 0 IN custom house we have to give each and every table bribe to custom officer (from top to bottom) to move our file it may be ship clearance papers or other bill of entry or shipping bill. without bribe file not moving. pls take necessary initiative on this.
0 0 sir, i am working in shipping company since last 12 years, pls note my 2 comments on Indian customs 1)i have seen there are lot of corruption in INDIAN CUSTOMS. The boarding officers taking 2 shoot-case(big bag) while boarding the vessel in port to carry compliments from the ship. if master of the vessel dont have the bonded store then they demanding dollar from master of the vessel. this is very same to our country.
1 0 Promotion in govt department is also be based on performance based not on senority base and for this independent panel be depute.
1 0 Start librairy app so that people  can read books on mob because most of the time peple use the mob even in remote areas it wil help a lot
0 0 On 23 oct 2014 following suggestion was sent from my tweeter handle @trustdealmakers @PMOIndia @narendramodi Idea #7: NCERT must upload eBooks fm std 1to12 online to do away with expensive books PreLoaded Tabs be given FREE
1 0 Encourage the culture of audiobooks and start a crowdsourcing for translation/reading books into audio files...like Librevox.org and openculture.com...only in local languages. Include English as first course. I read of a boy who could not go to school as he spends all day getting water for his family. What if...using a Rs.500 phone and earphone and free audiobooks distributed to him...he can hear his subjects when he brings water?Don't adopt old technology(paper books), move to the next wave.
0 0 All books can be kept on cloud pl follow apple books podcast etc
1 0 A superior culture of reading should be nurtured,to proliferate the habit.Reading is now became an obsolete one,as there are ways to gather information instantly.But it is not at all like that,the influences,challenges & the diversity showered by it,makes our intellectual  world salubrious,is magnificent.Its significance lies not in mounting information,it affects the way we understood & interpret things.The outlook towards reading should be in confluence with building prototype for better life.
1 0 E books are gud option but to promote healthy reading habit which does not stress the eyes of our children and aged.. We should provide books to them..without financial burden . And mobile libraries is a cheaper and gud option..with a centralised membership system  and gud promotion it vll b success Thank you
1 0 Share Your Views... Please start mobile libraries .. As both aged and children who love reading cannot visit central libraries
1 0 To prmote books we should focus over demand of books in different segment of readers National book  trust can enter in region of accadmic books . price of books should be decided on the basis of readers group Books for social sciences should be of low cost because maximum of economicaly week students are associated with this group Books published by hindi nideysalaya ,should be increased in numbers
0 0 Respected Sir,Thank you for people participation in building nation,but unless until youonly speak about your MAN KI BAT without listening to the MAAN KI BAT of Aam admi you can not progress the country though your decisions are correct but higher authority while implement the policy they creat hindrance by which people suffer more still today. IN YOUR TIME if you need then I can give you some example. Pl make contact With regards
1 0 Respected sir greetings.In places where people wait for long time like hospitals,journeys in train or air, books may be given for reading.Especially in hospitals, patients  will be in      trauma and negative thinking which can be releived by reading or music.caretakers also will be benefited.In schools and colleges, reading hour should be there apart from regular subjects.
1 0 6) Constituting expert committees to look after all the relevant matters like copyright issues and import of expensive books published abroad. 7) Feasibility study on translating technical and scientific books into Indian languages.
0 0 Book should be available digital form & reachable to all.all papers,journal,magazine,books,university programs all information should be available to all students in all languages.
1 0 Learning is a life time process so All Books of IGNOU should available in digital form for the student as a first action
2 0 01.All university libraries should be digitised 02.Textbook should be available in digital form in all indian language 03.There should be a national portal for research Papers publication 04.Government has to provide monetary as well as technical help to develop digital libraries to a publisher works with the publication Science,Technology,commerce,HR..etc along with books of Philosophy,Religion,History,Politics..etc Its also time to start digital class for informal education
0 0 Dear All Teacher Day is coming and many teacher get owner by student. My suggestion for all student and teachers. Please make a good relationship because we have GURU-SHISYA PARAMPRA. I am IT-ENG. Few days ago I had took interview for some post I found student have only degree they haven't subject knowledge. Students don't go to collage, teacher don't teach them, this not good for our country and our future. THANKS
0 0 It is imperative that National Book 📚 Promotion Policy must have the potential to see to that Books 📚 no more remain recipe of the rich -  as the cost of Books 📚 these days tend to 'ensure'. Putting on record the conditions prevailing in my native place, JALANDHAR CITY, THERE IS ACUTE DEARTH OF LIBRARIES / READING ROOMS WHICH COMMON MAN 👨, ESPECIALLY THE STUDENTS FROM THE MARGINAL FAMILIES COULD TURN TO. THE AUTHORITIES THAT BE NEED TO HEED THE NEED 🙊
1 0 One more suggestion : Reusable mobile App: We should build a mobile app through which students of different schools of same class can be connected and share the reusable stuff (books/notes)among them.
1 0 In our country , students are facing a lot of problems. Syllabus is getting change each year in most of the schools due to which schools are making a lot of profits and it is an extra burden  on parents.Contents is almost similar but students who belongs to lower middle class family are not able to use their seniors book.
1 0 Thanks you for giving an opportunity to write a suggestion. 1) In the era of digital india,we should take the help of social media(such as twitter,facebook ) for national book promotion and suggestion. 2)We should build a mobile apps which should send the notification to all users in case of new publications,or suggestions 3)we should always publish a e book so that if should be available for wider audience
0 0 Books play a very important role in our lives, without books no knowledge so it is very important to read books and understand it. This policy helps so many students those who cannot afford to buy the books. Sometimes we are wasting too much of paper unnecessary so this will harm to our forest also. “Books are a very uniquely portable magic”.
1 0 the traditional books are consuming a lot of paper which directly and indirectly harms the forest and ntural resources of our nation. the recycle of papers for the new books should be done and e books should be highly recommended. the practices for e-books should be started from govt. library.... the books are for use but they are been kept as show pieces in the library and other places... the e book are cheaper as compare to the mannual book hence the availibility should will also be there.
1 0 as we are entering into an era of e-kranti, we should promote the learning of e-books. this will widespread the books easily.
1 0 my suggestion to Govt. of India :1. To provide some tax benefits to those whom are in the practice of writing books of academics as well as of national importance. 2. A national Book bank should be established where citizens of India can submit thier old or new books as on voluntary basis and this bank should be in the reach of those who are in the needy situation of books like,poor student or any other students or any person having some intellectual capacity. 3.Free access ofbooks to BPL's.
1 0 Books should be projected as an important gift item. Giving a book during a special occasion or as a reward for one's achievement encourages reading habit.
0 0 Apart from technical information, all textbooks should be re-written to instill in students a sense of belonging to one nation. And a student's ambition must include all round development through work, rather than petty self-serving goals of more money and bigger car, house etc.
1 0 I want the following to be added in Part III item 3.4. "Books written by Senior Citizen Authors are to be given additional incentives including making their books available at all school and college libraries, in promotional book fairs, and promoting private enterprises to open circulating libraries that stock such books by Senior Citizen Authors.”
0 0 i think its a perfect policy which is definatly going to help the students & all the readers too. online books study ,chapters with videos should must be programed to increase the skills of underage students instead of increasing physical weight of boooks. at lower age. knoledge with practical experiments should be focus more instead of reading books.
0 0 Sorry for posting in wrong section but i dont understand where to post I am working on App  it basically detect laws from roads to the mobile.App name Zeila  =Zeila app will install on user mobile and its other element is bluetooth that will attached to different rule breaking areas like tow way zone speed limit metros etc .Bluetooth will send message to the Zeila app when person is near to rule breaking area Kindly adjust in proper section
1 0 we should make available all the books on different subjects in pdf format which can be dwnloaded frm some website....
0 0 NBBP draft is fine......BUT kindly do extraordinary for...FOOD SAFETY...AGAINST FOOD ADULTERANTE...plz bring a proactive  draft against the same...sooon
0 0 Please Think on this.
0 0 READERS AND BOOK FESTIVALS JUST LIKE MUSIC FESTIVALS ...WHERE YOU HAVE ENTRY FEE OR PASSES AND ONCE YOU ARE INSIDE YOU HAVE ALL THE KINDS OF BOOKS TO CHOOSE AND ENJOY THE FOOD AND DRINKS (SOFT DRINKS AND JUICES) ALSO HAVE GOOD MUSIC GOING ON AND HAVE THESE FESTIVALS ONLY IN PARKS AND HILL STATIONS WITH GOOD GREEN SURROUNDINGS EXAMPLE : LEASE OUT A GOLF COURSE FOR 2 TO 3 DAYS OR ANY PUBLIC UTILITY GARDEN WHICH IS WELL MAINTAINED
0 1 TURN THE LIBRARYS INTO MODERN DAY CAFES AND CHARGE FOR THE SERVICES YOU GIVE TEA COFFEE THE AMBIENCE ,BUT MAKE SURE READING OF THE BOOKS IS FREE . CONNECT THE LIBRARYS TO NGOS WHO ARE INTO BOOKS AND STUFF AND LEASE OUT THE LIBRARYS TO GOOD CREDIBLE AND STRONG NGOS AND WELFARE INSTITUTIONS WHO ARE CONNECTED WITH LEARNING ( WHY NOT HAVE LIBRARYS IN ALL THE PUBLIC PARKS ENCOURAGE READING WHEN  PEOPLE ARE AT THERE LESIURELY BEST ) HAVE READERS FESTIVALS
0 0 We already have the infrastructure of librarys at all levels from small wards,schools,public librarys in colleges and others establishments , we just need to upgrade them and bring them under one roof and develop basic amenities which a library should have and also make a central fund for librarys and get all data online of the library establishment and have a code of conduct and also promote books of  regional languages and culutre .MAKE THE LIBRARY INTO A BOOK CAFE ,GET MODERNISED .
0 0 We should promote with free library  , mobile library and  with Hoardings 'READ INDIA- EDUCATE INDIA 'CAMPAIGN.Distribute Free Pencils and Rubbers among Childrens and for this purpose give special  discounts to Societies. With Regards. Divyesh Kothari, Delhi M 9818344420
0 0 Successful, Technology is answer to keep certain good habit going on.One key to policy should be objective , vision of the policy transform into mission and then adopting appropriate means to achieve . Draft policy is to enumerate the 2 ,vision and objective which should be short and precise or would be lost in translation.Also 5 focus area can be Science , health ,religious teaching ,History and Art . Including Law will be icing on the cake . The above is useful for nation and character buildin
0 0 Boom reading is a habit of past for most student and elders .Everybody is dependent on Google . It is in our interest that we recognise this habit and frame policy to encourage students , children and young citizen of India . We should type up with app and device like kindle and playbook to reach people in profitable and most easy way . Books are keen for education and character building . We should divide in it 5 category to focus on certain type and streams to make sure our effort are fully su
0 0 compulsory book reading class every day.  Regular book fair/ exhibition. Book clubs in every district. Minimum no of books in all schools and place for library etc.
0 0 As every region(May be a District, Block) already has the government authority available, just need to reform them. I would like to suggest few things here : 1. All the books should be issued from the school authority only with a very minimal changes as a rent of books. 2. At the end of the year, the student needs to return all the books in considerably good condition else needs to deposit the book's amount. 3. The same book should be reissued to the next batch of students.
1 0 There should be a public library in each region where all students who wish to donate books which belong to the classes/professional exams they have passed can be donated. All members of that library should be allowed to use those books. Though this attempt poor children will get access to good books and will help them to get a good education.
0 0 Since sanskrit books are less, we can encourage people to write good sanskrit books , moral stories etc and promote across India. Encourage people to read sankrit magazine/books as it is good for brain and export those books also  to other countries also possible.
0 0 accordingly trended. 11.A press release should be written beforehand. 12.A presentation should be made beforehand. 13.Online giveaways of the book should be there followed by competitions. 14.A review & remedial website of the book should be made. 15.Periodic articles should be allowed. 16.Regular conferences should promoted. 17.Ideas of developed nations should be adopted. 18.The books should be deposited at at least half rates in the schools itself for new students(As happens in U.S).
0 0 The views regarding this topic which comes to my mind are- 1.Focussing on discoverability and innovation rather than selling. 2.Accept the resposibility and the deliverables for promotion. 3.Identifying the market. 4.identifying the audience. 5.identifying the budget. 6.Creating a market plan approach. 7.The brand story to be told to the author well in advance and the concept. 8.Should be made easy to buy. 9.The books should be related to relevant topics. 10.The social media should be
0 0 #NationalBookPromotionPolicy we need to encourage reading and reviewing about books.We need to open more n more libraries city wise. other then NBPP i want to make focus on this topic.please read America is rich country ,they having a very good education system, every year in starting of school session all study books have been issued to every student and in end of session all issued books again taken back from student so other student can read the same books next year. Can we apply same
0 0 Unapproved auto rickshaw move in cities specially Varanasi city. Manual rickshaw not useful ban this type of rickshaw . Some person business on road so break speed and road is JAAM .
0 0 NBPP draft has no mention of ebooks or encouraging their use. It would take far less resources to provide a few e-readers per village library and ensure access to a large library of public access works (at a minimum, all good English literature that is out of copyright) - as a bonus, ereaders can change font size which is a blessing for older readers. I'd like to also suggest that these ereaders are manufactured in India with industry partnership rather than using Kindle/Nook that are imported.
0 0 Creation of national authority ,reorientation and restructuring nationa book trust,establishment of govt.owned library at public place like railway station bus stand promotion and development of digital library creation of mobile app for easy access of books, ppp model to develop facility of pick and drop of books at low rent,promotion of seminar in school and localities focussing on important aspect of book reading etc.can promote objectives of national book promotion policy
0 1 we need to encourage reading and reviewing about books by giving incentives like shopping coupons, internet data coupons and mobile talk time so that wisdom can have a value added feature to ignite readers to read review and remember.
0 0 Please see the attached image for m views:-
0 0 The prime point to promote book reading is to provide e-reading platform and make sure that great and good books of all categories are available on the platform.
0 0 Please bring National Book Trust into focus. Try to make it like Oxford Publishing House type. You can bring the agent concept to bridge the gap between writer and publisher
0 2 My Suggestion For OROP WE SALUTE OUR HEROES FOR THEIR DEDICATION AND SACRIFICES FOR MOTHERLAND AND SAFEGUARDING OUR BORDERS. AS I UNDERSTAND THE BUDGET IS ALMOST RS.8000/ CRORES PER YEAR. AS OUR P M SAID THAT WE ARE TEAM INDIA OF 125000/ CRORES. IF THE 'TEAM INDIA'PARTICIPATES IN CONTRIBUTION EVERY YEAR, THEN 8000 CRORES CAN BE DISTRIBUTED AMONGST 125000 CRORES. iN OTHER WORDS 8000 CR DIVIDED BY 125000 CR. THIS AMOUNT WILL BE VERY MINIMAL. Call it ARMY PENSION FUND
3 0 #NationalBookPromotionPolicy If railway runs Book exhibition trains to promote books sales and to increase the reading habit that would be useful.
3 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy In TN, there are libraries set in temples focusing on the religious books. Similar kind of theme based libraries could be set in every place. In hospitals public libraries could be set focusing on the health related books.In major bus stands mini libraries could be set focusing on the travel related books.
0 1 Sir During rally at Bhagalpur, request you to please speak few words about Munger, neighbour district of Bhagalpur. In Munger, Bihar School of Yoga established in 1964 as headquarters of INTERNATIONAL YOGA  Fellowship. Bihar YOGA Bharti is the First university of its kind to impart YOGIC Education with provision for MA Mphill Phd etc.
1 0 To raise awareness on Non Communicable Diseases, text books with related content (information on associated risk factors) should be developed for children and adolescents.
1 0 Ebook, Audio books, Visual books reading should be promoted via Internet. Thereby cutting down the usage of for easy and convenient access to one and all, and cutting down loss to environment. Accessing Online book libraries through free WiFi zones shall also encourage book reading among masses. Periodic yearly reviews/ GYAAN MANTHAN EVENTS can be conducted to encourage intellectualism.
1 0 1)Convert all sahitya kala academy award winning books and other ancient books to e-books and ensure their avilability in all major e-bookstores 2)setting up of an Online Bookstore by The Sahitya Academy, selling all types of books ( published by the Sahitya academy as well as other Private Publishers) in collaboration with Indian Postal. 3) Promote reading a book in schools on World Book day. 4) Govt to hold a National Lierary festival with authors from all around world Invited.
0 0 IF WE CHANGE THE PRESENT SYSTEM OF EXAMINATION INTO MORE AN ASSIGNMENT BASED AND A OPEN-BOOK ONE AND MAKE STUDENTS ANSWER CREATIVE & THOUGHT-PROVOKING QUESTIONS IN A PREDEFINED FORMAT BY MEANS OF GOING THROUGH THE COUNTLESS BOOKS, THEN THE STUDENT COMMUNITY WILL DEFINITELY READ MORE AND MORE BOOKS AND TRY TO PRESENT THEIR ANSWERS CREATIVELY.
1 0 I m of the opinion that books should be simple, informative, interesting and related to our indian values and culture. The prices of the books every year are increasing for the books prescribed by the schools; most schools don't opt for ncert books that's fine but the prices should be checked upon. If you the same book from the market you get at least 10% discount on it.
1 0 All District and State Level Librarys should be Converted into National Book Banks. Where A donor (Who Donates Book for Variour Intetrest-(less Religious/Course/Study Material/Personal Interests Material) can become a member and exchange other topics book in the Bank. (Book Bank Must have Criteria for Book deposits and Exchange like Theme,Cost, Condition, Value etc)
1 0 BOOKS are the blessed things, which fills the GAP occurred between Guru and Shishya in modern world.For promoting BOOKS, the Reader has to reach Books. To accomblish this (Moto of NBPP) NBPP has to focus and emphasis on promoting "READING" Habit among public. one example: Publishing free periodicals by GOVT with excerpts(with Ref:) of the books to be promoted #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy, #NBPP, #NationalBookPromotionPolicy, #DepartmentofHigherEducation, #MyGov
2 0 Every year I have to sell the text books of my children in scrap after their exams are over and results declared. These books can easily be given to poor and needy, but I m unable to approach them. Like me there are lakhs of people selling text books in scrap as they don't need it anymore.  Can government organise every year in every locality after exam resulrs are declared for charity By people to donate the text books which can be easily passed onto poor and needy in government schools.
0 0 # must review it honourable prime minister narendra modi. Sir I being a student of 11is worried about my future because of the policy of government i.e RESERVATION. Due to this policy talent is lost any that's why we r not progressing . I don't want u to completely erode this policy but u should give reservation to poor people who cannot afford the study but not in jobs . hope u will think on it.  I have written it here because I was not getting any colum for my though Hope I find it soon
2 0 NATIONAL BOOK PROMOTION POLICY - SUGGESTIONS - II 1. Special incentives for business of import of used books - good content, latest trends - books at affordable prices- setting up of thrift book stores in urban and rural India 2. Special grants for modernisation, upgradation of State libraries / Educational Institutions (on the international pattern) 3. Media corporations - be directed to promote - online / offline reading and writing competitions Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
2 0 NATIONAL BOOK PROMOTION POLICY - SUGGESTIONS 1. Library activities as a regular, specific subject with performance grades in all schools 2. ACRs of staff - Education Department - adequate weightage - Book promotion policy initiatives 3. Income Tax benefits - investments / donations for the sector 4. Formulate 'National Index' for measuring State / UT performance 5. Online portal for encouraging reading, writing, contests 6. Awareness campaigns Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 100% NCERT books coverage upto 14 years of age students by 2019. Also include Ethics and biography of Madan Mohan Malviya,Arvindo Ghosh,Vivekanand,Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam. Respective State's culture compulsory during school education. Promote Sangam Literature.
1 0 I think there should be libraries in each area / village / district where the books could be donated instead of giving it to kabadiwalas . from these libraries needy people or anyone who has got the library card and is the resident of that area can take books. These libraries can be established nearby schools or any education institution.
0 0 Sir in today world books are so costly if prople who are already study they sell to kabadiwala ispite to sell donate to needy person it will give happyness
1 0 The exstudents who have graduated from the schools and colleges and universities should give study books or any books which they have at their homes which are of no use to them to their school libraries or college libraries. This would help these schools and colleges to hand over such books to needy students who cant afford to buy expensive books as study material. Also, there should be a curriculum where a student should be asked to compulsorily teach at one subject for 2 weeks in 1 yr .
1 0 #NationalBookPromotionPolicy It would be nice if the district head libraries or important libraries are made to sell good books
1 0 books promotion must be based on AADHAR and interest exprewssion by individual online with special discounts to IRCTC
1 0 Book launching is also a important criteria to attract the students towards reading it. A summary of book presented in animated style leaving out some suspense will force them to read them and enjoy it. A school wise competition for students to suggest a good book and awarding the students who make their best suggestions will also create a sense in them for good books.
1 0 Respected sir, Subject-regarding DD news in radio browedcast. I am preparing competitive exam. DD news application is nice but in 2G network it is not working & 3 G network is too much costly. Students can't afford. So please I humble request to you can provide audio version or introduce radio versions of dd news which is run in 2 G network or without network. it is more use full for us. Thanks & regards
2 0 Every Student should be give 5 Marks in 10th 12th extra who literate another illiterate person preferably Ladies & children by verifying  aadhar identity so as to avoid misuse but main purpose is to literate India
1 0 Students at every level should be encouraged to read books.to do this I have a suggestion as we can see importance of marks in school we can fix marks for reading books every student could be given marks based on their report on books read.initially it would be for marks with time they will develop habit for book reading. Secondly a major problem in our country is unavability of books .public library should be started so that people can get books to read
2 0 sir you can use young student and technology both for renovation and proper utilization of all old library in very few budget....
2 0 Draft NBPP. Books are foundations of modern civilizations. Science and technology and all the branches of knowledge would not have been possible without the publications of books. The Government should take keen interest and initiatives 1) To reduce the cost of production and distribution, 2)Formation of reading habits in all ages, 3)Opening of libraries per 15,000 or more population, 4)Training of budding creative writters, 5)Popularisation of low cost paperbacks,6)Expert committees.
2 0 pradhan mantri ji, please try to incorporate Bharat Ratna APJ abdul kalam biography in all school books from next academic year, please announce this on coming teachers day occasion. Thanks for naming abdul kalam road in delhi.
3 0 Respected Sir, Schools and teachers play vital role in molding and transforming students minds.They are the best ambassadors for book promotion and cultivating habit of reading good books in the younger minds, which lasts for ever. Hence,each school must be equipped with class room libraries, comprising of very good books and each student is encouraged to read them, and participate in essay writing and debating competitions conducted on the topics from the class library books, and reward them.
1 0 Public Library should be there at every tehsil at low coat life time membership. This increase govt. Revenue and increse book market. Books should alao be available on sales.
2 0 Sir,I want to share my thoughts and humble request through this post to save Geeta Press of Gorakhpur(UP).Geeta Press is a treasure of our culture.Please save the dying Geeta Press.The life of may workers is in dark who worked selflessly to make proud our culture across the globe.
2 0 To promote books government must to setup a library at each Post office of India,if government do such system then Metro city to rural village at every location,people can get books easily.Book should be in their regional language compulsory.
1 0 "Now every book shop have mostly books in English,but most of people in India know only Hindi so NBPP must translate the all good book in HINDI and local language so that "Gaon ka aam kisan ,Mazdur,Vidyarthi,Bacche aur Buzurg" can read the books.Then really NBPP will complete his mission otherwise it will be limited for few people of India not for TEAM INDIA.You can see in Europre and CIS countries,South East countries they provide books in their regional language,We must learn from them.
1 0 I m not a good writer or not a good discusser and not want to give any suggestion on national book promotion policy. I just give my heart openion and my view and my suggestion on GEETA PRESS GORAKHPUR. Our first religion book publication in the country which provides us knowledge for our religion our culture without any profit but now its future is going to be collapse. Please modi do something for save our valuable culture our religion book publication  GEETA PRESS GORAKHPUR.
1 0 The concept and intention of government to encourage the reading and knowledge of people by book for their own and national interest of people, it is very good thought for the people and govt. I want to suggest that, the India's old and maximum books publisher " GEETA PRESS" at Gorakhpur,is going to be closed, but, any how it should be saved and make appropriate effort to start the work of publishing and printing the Book.The GEETA PRESS was publishing chief and easy book very useful to people
0 0 There should be a policy on books and libraries.  Each school/institute must have a library with books according to strength.  Books should be issued to each student for whole session.    No new puchase of books by any student.  Books be reissued.  This practice lower the expences and help us to save our trees.
0 0 My working son takes coming from Goodgaon to home at Mahagunpuram, takes two hours reaching home by 10 to 10.30 each working day. What life is expected. Why because a section on NH 24 is narro. No body listen. What to do.
0 0 33 years service or 60 years of service life is good for new generation
1 0 Book reading can be promoted in the following ways: 1. By developing libraries and keeping a check on the quality of books in them, as well as the promotion of already existing libraries such as David Sasoon library in Mumbai. 2. A national website can be created where every government school can access various books by putting in an id for the school so resources cannot be misused. 3. Mobile libraries should be setup, wherein, when a person takes a book from it, he puts one from his own side
0 1 At the end of the day if we are talking about lets say 500 Crores worth of funds, there is no point discussing the policy at all, so please give some sense of the money involved and how is it being currently utilised and what is it that the government is proposing to change and how will the new policy change the allocation of funds. What is the cost range of a library, Capex and maintenance
0 0 I cursorily went through the policy. When we make any policy statement in a company we typically allocate a fund for that as well as clearly state the timelines. Here everything is left vague .. there is no talk about for example how many seminars in libraries, how many workshops, by when.. how many library festivals by when etc, what is the funding requirement, who will fund. Kindly review the policies and make them more precise. I am seeing a lot of government policies uploaded with same prob.
0 0 Certain really good literature (ie recommended books) and science books should be made digital and available for free download at government website. Also all boards textbooks should be available for free download at one single website. Some books which may be recommended should also be available at the same place. This should be a government website so that no ads etc
1 0 Today no one will go and read in a distant library because probably its more expensive to travel than to just buy that book. Hence, suppose there are five libraries in a city. The books between such libraries can be rotated with some periodicity so that books are available to all
0 1 A team of Indians can work with wikipedia to convert a lot of pages into vernacular languages continuously, till such time when technology comes up to translate better. This can be further enhanced by making a good hindi, gujarati, assamese reading softwares which can read any selected web content available. Make cheaper access to knowledge sites.
0 0 The explosive growth of smartphones have made the internet accessible to every nook and corner of the country. The NBPP should take into account, how the internet can be harnessed to make e-books accessible to the masses.Today's youth is far more comfortable reading content on a phone rather than purchasing a book for it. We should teach/ educate them in the language and format that they understand and appreciate.
1 0 As we are discussed on NBPP, this is basically promotion of our publication. as we know our education system is based on western education system that's we need foreign author and its publisher. few things for improvement. 1.change our education system first to last. 2.course structure is based on our society ,culture,economic,politics, and current issues,  then encourage the writer to write something whether they write individual or in group. 3.open Library,free within community.
0 0 •Approachable public & school libraries should have books on wide range of interests in regional languages •Funds should be released by govt to liberalize formalities for authors so that less price books are available •More awards should be distributed to increase interest of people to write quality books •Quizzes should be organised in schools on books and authors •Slogans in all possible languages containing the names of books should be spread among the citizens as it is more easy to learn
0 0 There should be a portal where basic information of a book (e.g: publication year, price and publisher's name) is accessible to anyone after entering the ISBN. (If there's no such portal in existence). I notice many publishers do not mention the publication year in a specific type of books because they know it'll become outdated in a short time (e.g: books for competitive exams, previous years' papers, current affairs etc.) It will help us find out actual publication year before buying online.
0 0 - There should be clear instructions to help everyone understand the process of getting an ISBN number for an e-book. (It wasn't mentioned anywhere on the internet and I had to contact ISBN office. Fortunately, they were very helpful.)
1 0 1. Introduce compulsory Book Reading Classes in schools 2. Set up mini libraries in rural areas where children don’t have proper access to books and reading materials 3. Create a national repository of e-books 4.Facilitate distribution of used-books to students from economically backward regions 5.Facilitate mutual access to contemporary literature among neighboring countries #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy, #NBPP, #NationalBookPromotionPolicy, #DepartmentofHigherEducation, #MyGov
0 0 Digital Library in all official languages be made available to all citizens to make it paperless.The Library should be available centrally over internet. Paid logins be allowed for generation of revenue.One can purchase or share a book for fixed duration bay coupon system payment.No Copy or download be possible. All types of books be digitized and uploaded on continuous basis.
0 0 We need to build libraries in each village and provide books to members free of cost. The books should promote tech knowledge, brotherhood, healthy living and civic discipline. Library can be equipped with digital contents as well.
0 0 Sir, for increasing the habit of book reading among children's and youth we have to provide books with good contents to be available to them at low prices.Because any book have high price which can not be afforded bypeople of this category.
0 0 The schools must have ample library books for developing reading habits among the students.
0 0 Dear PradhanMantriji, In order to develop reading habit among the students /others the books having a verity of test must be made available at different public places such railway station, bus stand ,airport etc. where the people can accesses the free book for reading.
0 0 Pm Modi Sir, Hindi is the most spoken and Understood Language of our Country but often the medium of Highly popular and effective Science books is English.The Students who have good Scientific temperament are supposed to Learn English first to understand the concepts of Science. Can we form a Ministry which can provide Hindi versions of all the Science books at lower costs? This way we will find more Students from Rural areas with High Scientific temperament and Hindi will also be promoted.
0 0 Please make an e library app and provide reading of books at subsidize rate .this will be most productive subsidy
1 0 The real and the right education is Brahma Vidya. It is the education of humanity.
0 0 SIR, I SUGGEST TO HAVE MORE AND MORE BOOKS WRITTEN ON ALL SUBJECTS, AN AUTONOMOUSLY WORKING COUNCIL AT THE NATIONAL LEVEL THAT WILL WORK FOR THE PROMOTION OF CHILDREN'S LITERATURE. I HOPE AND WISH BOOKS WILL BE AVAILABLE AND ALSO ACCESSIBLE TO EACH SINGLE PERSON AND CHILD IN OUR COUNTRY. THANKING YOU.
0 0 @Dear Prime minister sir, i would like you to introduced the constitution of India in the education system of India, so that the democracy is properly understood by the people of this country. people of this country are illiterate until and unless they understand their rights and duties!!or at least fundamental rights and directive principles of states policy.
0 0 I have suggestions related to item 2.1 and 2.2 (Objective of NBPP) when we consider Book Reading, there is two components (two halves). one is Reader and other is BOOK. Based on Indian philosophy the knowledge has to be gained from GURU by the Shisya.BOOKS are the blessed things, which fills the GAP occurred between both in modern world.SO the NBPP has to campaign to focus promote "READING" instead of Just "BOOK" #NBPP, #NationalBookPromotionPolicy, #DepartmentofHigherEducation
0 0 Honble Priminster of India, I was told by my wife who recently had been cancer patient, that pulses have gone high so much so as Rs.140/- per KG, I am required to stoop up to get it. A bit of increse shall put me also out my reach. May kindly look into. This issue is basic of all requirements for any person. With best of regards.
0 0 Many ills concerning youth in our country can be remedied only if we lay our hands on ways and means to inculcate reading habits in them. FOR READING HABIT TO GET ENGROSSED IN THE PSYCHE OF THE YOUTH, IT IS ESSENTIAL THAT HEALTHY READING MATERIAL IS MADE AVAILABLE FOR ALL AND SUNDRY JUST FOR THE ASKING. AT LEAST, IN MY NATIVE PLACE, JALANDHAR CITY, THE SITUATION IN THIS REGARD IS SUCH THAT LEAST SAID THE BETTER. NOR THERE APPEARS TO BE ANY CONCERN WITH THE AUTHORITIES CONCERNED. WAKE-UP CALL
0 0 Library system in australia
0 0 make a public library at each government degree college  GIC school or BRC centre by government or by PPP modal  at where every type of book available for students teachers sociologist and for all religious like Vivekananda  Einstein hokins Pluto sukrat etc
0 0 please change  syllabus  including psychological background and new research  and old invention so that Indian students can think for new idea and invention. also included part of vadic knowledge and research on it.
0 0 Respected Sir/Madam, If all the post offices are implemented with a facility to contribute the used books and to get a used book for the poor students. It reduces the wastage of valuable books to the snacks folding papers.
0 0 I wanted to suggest people to buy 1 book if they can afford and keep that book in your nearest public reading room. Or if they have any book and if they had read that then also they can keep that instead of keeping in home. It would be much better that someone will learn from that book of yours.
0 0 What is true of JALANDHAR CITY is bound not to be far off from truth in other cities in the country. In JALANDHAR CITY, there is acute dearth of good Libraries or even public reading rooms. THE MAIN REASON FOR LACK OF READING HABIT IS THAT READING MATERIAL IS NOT WITHIN EASY APPROACH OF PEOPLE. ALSO, COST-FACTOR PLAYS ITS OWN ROLE. WHAT TO TALK OF GOOD BOOKS, AN ORDINARY CITIZEN CAN'T AFFORD TO SUBSCRIBE TO MANY NEWSPAPERS OT PERIODICALS. URGENT NEED TO LOOK FOR SOLUTIONS ON THIS COUNT.
0 0 In good old days, in Jalandhar City, the Press Information Bureau (PIB) under the Union Information & Broadcasting  Ministry, used to run a very informative Library at the heart of the City, which became victim of an unfortunate incident years back. The said PIB Centre used to disseminate information regarding  activities of the Central Government. THE AUTHORITIES THAT BE WOULD DO WELL TO RESTART THIS FACILITY AT A PRIME LOCATION AT JALANDHAR CITY. CENTRAL GOVT WD GO CLOSE TO PUBLIC AT LARGE.
0 0 In my opinion community library is the best way to promote books and education among masses. Which I dont see now a days. I live in outer daily but no Library. Very Sad.
0 0 Online forum should be there where all the details of major book launching events are shared. Also for all public libraries there should be online accounts for their members wherein they can check availability of books, their locations, returning dates for borrowed books etc. Mobile app should be launched for the same. Also there should be competitions held for young authors so that the best among them gets an opportunity to publish their books. E-books should be made available on an online lib.
0 0 our priminister sri narendra modi your country a state iam live it name west bengal dist= nadia city/po/ps=ranaghat saruk para street pin=741201  my father mobile no=9153760753 email id=m9153760753@gmail.com your digital india misson iam admison. it so i read class 4 so he not admison so pelese  me primister i have wise you complet this wise is the digital india admison so pelese help me. this teacher name=ranaghat suman sir mobile no=09333524166 suman sir ranaghat he not admison me. so pelese h
0 0 pm sir i write to earliar a lattar
0 0 According to me we have to make new national book in which there is good ideas and philosophy of all the holy books which guide us and make our life fruit-full and meaningful JAY BHARAT.
0 0 According to me we have to make new national book in which there is good ideas and philosophy of all the holy books which guide us and make our life fruit-full and meaningful JAY BHARAT
1 0 #Book Promotion: Experience in writing articles or doing research work. Also the data base of every public library in the city should be available by means of an app for smart phones. In the public library books should made searchable digitally through the means of a touch screen monitor which will help locate the book.
0 0 #Book Promotion: Talented, budding and upcoming writers should be given an opportunity to publish a book in their field of endeavor/activity e.g. science, commerce, law, school books, general knowledge books etc. A contest should be organized to give writers a chance to publish books. They may be given training accordingly. It will also serve the purpose of skill development as it will help giving a shape to the career of budding writers. Chance may also be given to those who have considerable
0 0 #Book Promotion: Talented, budding and upcoming writers should be given an opportunity to publish a book in their field of endeavor/activity e.g. science, commerce, law, school books, general knowledge books etc. A contest should be organized to give writers a chance to publish books. They may be given training accordingly. It will also serve the purpose of skill development as it will help giving a shape to the career of budding writers.
0 0 #Book Promotion: Talented, budding and upcoming writers should be given an opportunity to publish a book in their field of endeavor/activity e.g. science, commerce, law, school books, general knowledge books etc. A contest should be organized to give writers a chance to publish books. They may be given training accordingly. It will also serve the purpose of skill development as it will help giving a shape to the career of budding writers.
0 0 #Book Promotion: Talented, budding and upcoming writers should be given an opportunity to publish a book in their field of endeavor/activity e.g. science, commerce, law, school books, general knowledge books etc. A contest should be organized to give writers a chance to publish books. They may be given training accordingly. It will also serve the purpose of skill development as it will help giving a shape to the career of budding writers.
0 0 these days many ppl those who use internet are very fond of the e-commerce sites wh not the govt starts a e -commerce site on which it can give the children or people form all walks of life d equal opportunity to Buy d various good books at a reasonable or at very low prices or as the govt thinks fit where ppl can easily buy books or can download them d same way they buy or download from the various E-commerce sites.We or may say govt just need a big push to promote it at large scale
0 0 these days many ppl those who use internet are very fond of the e-commerce sites wh not the govt starts a e -commerce site on which it can give the children or people form all walks of life d equal opportunity to Buy d various good books at a reasonable or at very low prices or as the govt thinks fit where ppl can easily buy books or can download them d same way they buy or download from the various E-commerce sites.
0 0 these days many ppl those who use internet are very fond of the e-commerce sites wh not the govt starts a e -commerce site on which it can give the children or people form all walks of life d equal opportunity to Buy d various good books at a reasonable or at very low prices or as the govt thinks fit where ppl can easily buy books or can download them d same way they buy or download from the various E-commerce sites.We or may say govt just need a big push to promote it at large scale
0 0 we should support net neutrality .Internet bandwidth should remain neutral entity. Your allowance of such plans will phase in a new level of corruption and pay & gay relationship between isp and various business mafias. This allows established businesses grow and budding business & startups suffer another setback.
0 0 we should support net neutrality .Internet bandwidth should remain neutral entity. Your allowance of such plans will phase in a new level of corruption and pay & gay relationship between isp and various business mafias. This allows established businesses grow and budding business & startups suffer another setback.
0 0 I think book is one of many medium available to spread knowledge. Why not it should be national knowledge promotion..Whatever format of media available... people should be able to choose as per their comfort with medium... I think promotion should focus on celebration of knowledge and wisdom irrespective of medium...
0 0 This governement is for people not corporations / I dont want net Neutrality to be defined or controled in any way by any telecom companies. I want to be able to access everything on internet without paying more or any sight. I dont want the speed of any website controlled by telecom companies. I dont want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet stop these demons taking control of our internet
1 0 #NBPP In villages the fund should be effectively used to manage the library's infrastructure.The fund allocated to each village should be collaborated and effective decisions should be taken.In TN Southern states we could see new bus stop shelters being built in the place of existing bus stop shelters where as the village libraries are left unattended and there would be no place to keep the books safe.But bus stop passenger shelters are built on top of the existing good conditioned shelters...
2 0 #NationalBookPromotionPolicy Apart from encouraging the new writers the important old books should be made available in all the libraries.decade back there was a set of book series about Mahatma Gandhi (In Tamil the title is "Thennappirikkavil sathyagiragam (தென்னாப்பிரிக்காவில் சத்தியாகிரகம்)".But those books are not available in most of the libraries nowadays.Those kind of good volume books should be reprinted and made available in all the libraries.
0 0 No,I do not want Net Neutrality in India.
0 0 dear sir thanks ..NBPP will play a role to reach all books to every people of nation. Every people will get knowlege, awareness about our nation, our history, our society, our culture etc.it shuold be available online and also at district level librery.
0 0 The policy for the books which is a basic need for a bright future of India should be same as our drug policy which provide affordable medicines not only to India but to the all third world countries. We should plan for making the the books cheap and affordable instead of making our copyright laws stringent to benefits few companies. History is the witness about the fate of all the free digital libraries which all  were blocked giving the reason of some breach of copyright
0 0 Respected PM,My father is a bibilofellow. What I have learned from him is, his unconditional love for books. I have seen him buying books on EMIs and skipping lunch to save money for buying books So we should promote love for book from the very grass root level children should be given easy pictorial story books. Writers should be promoted to write good books so that they will not fear in taking writing a fulltime career option All organisations should have good library. govt lib for for all.
0 0 DEAR SIR, PLEASE MAKE ATLEAST 1 GOVERMENT LIBRARY IN A DISTRICT,AND MAKE A MOVEMENT TO ENROLL EVERY CITIZEN TO THAT LIBRARY
1 0 All the books should be translated into regional languages and should be made available in the gov libraries
1 0 Respected PM sir To develop reading habits we have to start start from school levels not only local regional cultural historical social books of their own states but translated books of other states in reader's mother tounge should be made available to the students in this way they get the knowledge from other states so that national integrity will be stronger
1 0 Thanks to Mr Narendra Modi for this initiative. For India to be a superpower, this surely would be of great significance. Encouraging people to read and giving them a right medium to access all the relevant books would truly matter a lot. Also, the new authors should be encouraged who find hardships in getting their work published due to either financial constraints or not having the right contacts. Hence,some of them give up and do something else in life. Please encourage them in every way.
1 0 BOOK WHICH IS ABOUT OUR FREEDOM FIGHTERS THINKING AND THEIR AIM .
0 0 Now a days internet is one of the basic thing in day to day life but because of high rate of Internet package people can not afford it.. and can not use it in a proper manner. . So it is beneficial for the all the people of the country as wellas for the nation if Internet available free of cost
0 0 Respected PM, solution is pretty simple but it just requires some out of the box thinking. 1. provide ALL with a "device" for reading eBooks 2. make WI-fi FREE nationwide. 3. purchase and maintain ALL books in a PUBLIC eLibrary, which can be download for a      nominal charge (Rs1 or Rs5 max Rs10). BIG QUESTION: how do you pay for ALL this? ANSWER: contact via 9793367890 or jsikarwar@yahoo.com
0 0 Respected Sir, I am very obliged to you for giving us chance to interect directly with you. The National Book promotion Policy can be helpful for those talented and artistic writer who finds dificulty to get a publisher for his book.Can Government of India adopt these writers and give platform or you make a pool of publishers who can give chance to these writers to publish their book.I am also thinking a some kind of e-portal where people can exchange their old books with books. Thanks, Deepak
2 0 SIR, I feel that every month u select a book of your choice and let us know about them and you briefly tell about interest your vision on the book that every citizen of INDIA makes us to develop with reading,writing ,creativity and speaking skills.Tell everyone about the critics that every author faces during his/her release of their books.please u give a sound during your interviews about books that u like and which made u to not sleep???
1 0 Respected Priminister In order to promote Hindi and other regional writers i you should tell all organisers of your public meetings/functions not to present flowers and start presenting you at least one book from Hindi/regional writers, which later be signed by you and should become a part of a national library. We Indians find it  fashionable to read books English written by average authors rather than Hindi books. You can motivate Indians to Hindi books of celebrated authors by doing this
0 0 not a single publisher ready for published(without royalty) new Author's Book so how it is possible for Good writing and creation will cone in society.
0 0 To promote for new and creative writing Govt should purchase at least 200 books from writer as a subsidy form.
1 0 Sir NCERT should given more power so that it publish book for all the cbse schools...private and govt...till date lies within gobt. School only and many of the public schools used private publications...it should be stopped as because NCERT books are cheap and best...and i think NCERT should also take steps to published guide and other question bank than it would much helpfull for the middle class family...plz,kindly consider this for the betterment of this country....
0 0 Sir, Every year millions of rupees is spent on printing and purchasing new books. Instead school children can be advised to maintain the book in a proper manner, so that it can be used by some other child next year. Schools can be asked to retrieve the text books from students and give it to some other student next year.
0 0 sir i m selected cbsc syllabus for my child,although it is nessosory central gov employrees.quation is when some body going to transfor state to state,that time students suffering from ONE STATE SUBJECT COMPLUTION RULE.for these students need optional subject which they easily score .can i get answer for this?
2 0 Please create separate Group for "Freedom Fighters" and give all the details of them, it will help every Indian to know how our freedom fighters fought for nation and sacrificed their lives for us. Thanks and regards, Nagaraj
1 0 Introduce more creative environment, involve more people( public - young generation) to participate in constructive library. Each city or library can host competitions (eg GITA-EXAM, you read Bhagvadgita & take exams) & ask public to read some specific books & participate online competitions to win prizes, this can promote the public to read books. To build interest in reading books in kids, we should have story time, rhymes classes & puppet shows in libraries which encourages people to join.
0 0 regarding for enverment related sir auto rickshaw or RTV chalti hai unke uppar plant ya grass  laga deya jaye to kafe pollution kam ho jaye ga
1 0 Are our gov is tendering for water as this is also our nation property people are doing business of sale water where as gov should start tendering for water like coal,mobile minerals. One day will not have water and we will import water.Need look it seriously as all company using our raw water must be charge.
0 0 If expenses on OROP pension is too high then why cant we give another job to our newly ex servicemen so they can serve up to 60 yrs and coming gov will not have this much financial crisis.
0 0 Pl stop using paper for printing of school books.Use plastic for books and keep re using it will save environment as well as unwanted expenses which can be utilized for other purposes.
0 0 we can start by Mobile massage to all Indian people as a like old history topics and world knowledge
0 0 We need to make our cities look good to make people feel good. Frustrated citizen can't think well for their country too long. Its a psychological fact because I have felt it myself. Whenever I am driving in London I want to follow rules and when I return to Delhi I do drive nicely till the time I am in the vicinity if airport or central Delhi. I can see the lanes but I suddenly see a roundabout and no lanes to exit no rules to enter a roundabout and it makes me mad and I start driving reclessly
5 0 Dear Sir, I want to suggest you that every village in India need to have a public library with all types of books available there. Because villages have more poor citizens than cities. Moreover most of the school in villages do not have libraries. If such a library is available in villages then poor students/people who can not afford to buy books, magazines would be benefited. Villages highly needs such facility. If this can be done it will be befitted to the people living in villages.
0 0 Internet has become a vital part of life . And also been the best communication system . And its useful to track device in case of emergency. so Government of India must have no issues in providing it for free .
0 0 Its easy to fix the policies in India, just we need to observe developed countries from a different view. Your delegations will never be able to understand how their system works unless you live there without help and struggle through the system. Delhi should be India's first world class city and that class should be seen at every inch of it otherwise your government should choose a new city as India's capital. London is easily the best city in UK and so is Warsaw in Poland.
0 0 We need to make our cities look good to make people feel good. Frustrated citizen can't think well for their country too long. Its a psychological fact because I have felt it myself. Whenever I am driving in London I want to follow rules and when I return to Delhi I do drive nicely till the time I am in the vicinity if airport or central Delhi. I can see the lanes but I suddenly see a roundabout and no lanes to exit no rules to enter a roundabout and it makes me mad and I start driving reclessly
0 0 Make the whole city pedestrian friendly and cycle friendly. Everyone likes street markets and no one is asking to just shoo them away. Instead allocate a special area where they can open their shops at a specific time and keep them off pavements.
0 0 The government needs to issue all driving licenses after hard screening. If someone is unfit for driving they should not be allowed on the road. Increase the traffic violations penalty to thousands instead of hundreds. If you park wrong in London you need to pay INR 6500 to INR 14000 now that is something even people in London can't afford and if there is something serious then they are barred from driving for several years and also go through the pain of applying for a new license.
0 0 continued.. Major problem which we have come across is too many cars. Most of the people who owns or rent a home in Delhi are able to afford multiple cars, not even more than 20% of those knows how to drive. The licenses were distributed like visiting cards to people and driving has become a matter of right instead of a privilege. Unless driving and use of public roads maintained by government is considered a privilege this situation will stay the way it is.
0 0 Hi, I might get off topic here but I do want to provide suggestions on how to make India and its metropolitan cities really world class. I have seen Delhi and I have seen London I have also seen Warsaw. As a privileged citizen I had good education even though my family was initially lower middle class. The major problem which is standing among Delhi is overpopulation which is the root of all other problems. Our infrastructure was never ready to handle this and that needs to change.
0 0 To encourage reading, you can open more state and national libraries. Also, keeping these libraries open for 24 hours or at least 18 hours will also be a lot of help for students like me. Opening governmental book stores offering discounts may also help many who cannot afford books.
0 0 Suggestion about developing reading habits: It might sound stupid, but reading has to become fashionable. We see big movie/TV-serial stars wearing trendy clothes, listing to music, etc. I would love to see them reading books. References to different books in scripts of these shows might also act as a stimulus for young followers to read books. Reading habit is not something that someone can force onto people. Older generation has to make it look cool enough for younger generation to follow them
0 0 I support for this. we pay tax , service tax, utility tax, vat, also tax for already tax paid things. what this is this gov. doing with our money. have not seen any good things done to us.
0 0 Reading makes a complete man.Reading of books must be made mandatory in curriculum.There must be different levels and goals to be set.Children must be encouraged to read for pleasure and not just set books.
0 0 Part-2 of my msg-I wish to get it launched by you.I will come to Delhi if you bless me on that day for the cause. Unfotunately,if you are out of country that day, then second choice is to get it launched by  respected Hiraba going to Gandhinagar on that day. And if you dont permit me even for that then please express your wish or third option for launching my book on that particular day.I will follow your order. Warm regards Dr Jyoti Hathi Rajkot Gujarat India
0 0 I am a Medical Officer under Govt of Gujarat working in training wing of health department. I have written a book in Gujarati related to health topic on basic imp issues related to community.,based on GOI as well as UNICEF /WHO guidelines. Multiple times I have attempted to get your good wish msg for my upcoming book,but cudnt get it. Now book is under printing process,about to be published very shortly. I have decided to officially publish it on 17/9/15 coz its our PM Sir's birthday.
0 0 even though the idea of NBPP have a social value to our community the govnt should strictly monitor what is circulating among students as it is the age where they cant distinguish between right and wrong .
1 0 Father of Library science made five laws Books for use, every book its reader, Every reader his/her book, save the time of the reader, library is a growing organism. Having this in our mind User study important in each area for developing the Reading habit. Reading associations, clubs need to be engaged in promotional activities. Students,Teachers,Institutions must create habit of gifting Books instead of anything. Mobile Library should reach out the villages through Public Libraries.
3 0 Every School collages should have a Book Donation Department, where a student promote to the next class can donate his/her books so that, a needy boy/girl can use that book. To promote the same, who so ever will donate the book, can get a token of appreciation.
1 0 Govt should promote the recycling of books and give extra credits to children doing so. Govt. should promote reuse since saving paper is saving environment.
0 0 Books should be provided on website in easy to download and easy to print format. With respect to Text books, video lecture should be made available on website and as far as possible animated videos should be made available to all in easy to download format.
0 0 THE ADVANTAGE OF SHUDRAS IS ENJOYING PHYSICAL COMFORTS & DISADVANTAGE IS LOWERING OF CULTURE. BUT THRU HELPING NATURE MEDITATION & SPIRITUALITY THEY CAN OVERCOME THEIR DISADVANTAGE. INDIA'S MAJOR PROBLEM IS TO HANDLE THE LABOUR CLASS & IF THEY ARE PROPERLY GIVEN DIRECTIONS IN CASE OF EDUCATION & OTHER THINGS. THEN INDIA PROBLEM CAN BE QUICKLY SOLVED.
0 0 Dear Citizens Forward this msg to a minimum of twenty people on your contact list; and in turn ask each of them to do likewise. In three days, most people in India will have this message. This is one idea that really should be passed around. *Reform Act of 2014* 1. No Tenure / No Pension: Parliamentarians collect a salary while in office but should not receive any pay when they're out of office.how can they get pension after 5 years of service when even in Army they need to put thrice as much for minimum pension n 20 years for full pension 2. Parliamentarians should purchase their own retirement plans, just as all Indians do. 3. Parliamentarians should no longer vote themselves a pay raise. Their pay should be linked to the CPI or 3%, whichever is lower. 4. Parliamentarians should lose their current health care system and participate in the same health care system as the Indian people. 5. Parliamentarians with tainted records, criminal charges & convictions, past or present should be summarily banned from the parliament and fighting election on any pretext or the other. 6. Parliamentarians should equally abide by all laws they impose on the Indian people. 7. All contracts with past and present Parliamentarians should be void effective 1/1/15 The Indian people did not make this contract with them. Parliamentarians made all these contracts for themselves. Serving in Parliament is an honor, not a lucrative career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators, so ours should serve their term(s), then go home and back to work. No surrender of subsidies like LPG by citizens unless all subsidies available to MPs and MLAs withdrawn including subsidised food in Parliament.
0 0 I think in india most of people leave in middle class and some are poor so they could not efford the extra money charge plz i request the gavorment they do not do this extra charge on net nutrality
0 0 internet ke charges itne high h..pehale 2g bi itne saste the..3g aane ke baad 2g ki price bi high ho gye...internt pack lene ke baad bi sbi place pr internet ki speed shi nhi h....es smya internet sbi ki jrurat bn gya h....eslea gov. ko internet pr basic uses site to free kr deni chahiye or...internet charges bi low krne chahiye
0 0 #NBPP The govt. shall make a swach bharat abhiyan led book bank which can be used in disposing of old books which otherwise are a source of non cleanliness in offices, homes etc. The books further can be archived in digital form if possible to do so and the book donation camps of the old ones can be organized at various levels to dispose of them for archiving. It can be extended to old papers of individuals for archiving in digital form and disposing of.
1 0 #NBPP The govt shall introduce the concept of mobile libraries in areas where people find it difficult in reaching to the books they wish to read. The employees of the mobile libraries can be taken from the rural or town area including the driver of the vehicle and can be brought under MNREGA. The books will be lend to the users who after use can return it back to any of the mobile libraries or in fact it can be used as a medium to donate books also.
0 0 Respected Sir, according to me all the people in village doesn't get easy access to the major novels and all literature.... so please provide well facility libraries to get easy access... Promote the Indian literature by providing different programs and schemes... Thanking you!
3 0 Sir; a bit different and small contributory idea; i think there should batleast nominal income tax rebate on books purchase say upto 5000 per year. Further initially it may  be restricted  to some designated truat books say NBT PIB or etc.
0 0 Governments decision towards calling for the suggestions again on net neutrality seems so biased towards telecom operators. Here you go with fresh comments again. 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to have control on internet. 3. We WANT all apps/ websites to be treated equally [no preference or discrimination with respect to speed or pricing. No Zero Rating apps] 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other
0 0 1. Govt. can introduce an E-Library Mobile App for android, windows & IOS which provides access of books in all Regional languages. 2. Govt. can collect an affordable annual subscription fee & the same can be used for purchase of books/publishing rights. 3. Hopefully all smartphone users & authors will welcome it.
0 0 Without libraries the books can not be promoted, period. I actually live in a town that is kind of important in the district but without having a public library so do something about that.
0 0 Sir Central Govt. is working Good but Rajasthan Govt. going to Back-fut only Bhamasha Card is New Work of Rajasthan Govt. Rajasthan People want to change C.M. Smt. Vshundra Raje. Please take action in sortly because Ashok Gehlot is getting big victory in next election in Rajasthan. Today every one remember Ashok Gehlot work so Please send your personal CID to take Vashundhra Raje at present reputation in Rajasthan again former C.M. Ashok Gehlot.  Jai Hind.
0 0 Indian treasures books has to be digitized and available to all. Mylib.in kind of portal or additional link can be launched and all science, religion, history, coins, architecture, temples, tourist ..etc books will be launched. On demand book printing and binding procedure centers can be created. So students can order there required books and avail it.
0 0 Libraries Reading Rooms Regular functions to be conducted like reading classes, on all govt colleges- to be made part of social clubs in all educational institutions Promote the digital sync in all libraries,promote email and news letter offers on new arrivals regulate immoral and IP rights -make the functioning of tribunal, societies clear and transparent, regulate politics from art, All art and Lit functions to be made inexpensive [not spending 2cr for a cultral eve]
0 0 I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. telecom companies should not get the power to decide what people want to watch on the internet,it should be decided by the people and they should not charge differently for different websites I want to be able to access anything,anytime without having to pay more for it separately. I don't want licensing for whats app,viber or any other app that i use.
1 0 NET NEUTRALITY IN TOTAL 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to have control on internet. 3. We WANT all apps/ websites to be treated equally [no preference or discrimination with respect to speed or pricing. No Zero Rating apps] 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. I want full net neutrality
1 0 The pricing policy of Books in India is not fare specially with regard to the Academic Text Books so this issue may be addressed as soon as possible.There are nexus between school management and publishers to impose the substandard Text Books at very high price.
0 0 I am a book seller for 25 years and also an expert in digital and online services and basic computer training.
0 0 If there is a bus in every District to promote Govt. policies and projects there is no need of any more advertisement.The bus with highlights of the week or month will cover all corners of the district every day. I can prove the result within 3 months if the govt. provide one bus as an experiment. I can arrange the staff and a will manage the expenses from the operation. It cost only one page advertisement in a news paper, but will serve the gov. for at least 15 years.
0 0 I have the following suggestions on marketing of govt. publications and Project awareness notices. Every district have to provided with one high-tech bus with three staff one Manager, one driver and one assistant. The bus have to be the facilities of Book, Forms, Govt. publications,connectivity with System and printer-scanners, photocopier, generator etc. Model NBT traveling Book Shop.Govt can save money giving to newspapers and easily send the messages to the public and give employment to 3.
0 0 we dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies we want to be able to access anything at anytime without having to pay more for it separately we dont want licensing for whatsapp viber or any other apps we use
0 0 Availability of good books at reasonable prices for the students.quality enhancement  of content required.restriction on free publication of books at college/ university  level. market at present flooded with non standard books which the students opt to read as it covers the syllabus
0 0 Government should either instruct ISPs to give their legitimate customers some considerable amount of free talk time each day if they also want these corporate to run their apps using their network or provide service otherwise in the same telecom circles (from customers point of view )...OR...should charge these corporate ( a portion of it should go to ISPs ) or instruct them (corporate) to pay to appropriate ISPs (from ISPs point of view)...OR...a good amalgamation of these two options..
0 0 Publishers must follow rules and guidelines laid by government. They get their books sanctioned by writing according to syllabus and then add up huge information to make the text book huge and expensive. This is an unnecessary burden to students and particularly to poor families. Big books are big evils. Now publishers are foisting books with extra cost and weight. Children will carry as much as they need, not what the publishers want.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 Copyright should be easy to get and accessible Photocopying is a major menace some policy should be there to prevent it
0 0 Remove some chapter from NCERT Book (History)of class VI.these chapter is taliking about caste discrimination Means Bahamanian,Kshatriya,vaishya and Shudrs(Dalit).Because children are not aware about caste discrimination.after studied this chapter they asking about it.some children feel prejudice. also we use Dalit And Adivashi word this bad for all.because it is shown discrimination. so our history should be ignore for the shake of country. please try to discuss this matter
0 0 India Visit Program  and Military Training should be part of curriculum in class 9 to 12 for all students of India. This is Helpful for National Integration , Attitude and Discipline in future citizens of india.
0 0 promote the NCERT book in the private and state schools. and stop the marketing of private book which have less educational contents and very costly. now a days, private school making money through private books and force the parents to buy the books of private company in high cost in the name of good education. Art 21A give Right to education..but not give right to buy cheap and best book. Only giving free book is not the justice with education.books should be accepted in private schools too.
0 0 Make availability of Internet as fundamental right whether he pays bill. It will make the education to reach every inch of the country without doing anything.
0 0 Equal access to all of the internet. This is a must for Digital India.
1 0 Sir, there also exists a need to improve the reach of books for those physically & visually challenged. To this end, all libraries should have ramps and modified for use by the physically challenged. There should be a braille section and voice books available at least in district libraries. In this regard, digitising books with e-membership will make it easier to access books for these citizens. Newer braille printing techniques should also be developed.
0 0 -I dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. -telecom companies should not get the power to decide what people want to watch on the internet,it should be decided by the people and they should not charge differently for different websites -I want to be able to access anything,anytime without having to pay more for it separately. -I dont want licensing for whats app,viber or any other app that i use.
0 0 open E-library for students
0 0 A way to promote reading and probably lower the no of uneducated people in the country it will be a good idea to promote and provide basic literature at a grass root level.
0 0 we want to access every sites freely at anytime and anywhere.so please don't put any restriction.
0 0 Dear PM Sir Books Are The Pathways To Knowledge, Sir I Would Suggest That More & More Public Libraries Shd B Opened With A Large No Of Books Relating To All Fields Both Academic As Well As Non Academic.Also The Hovt Shd Emphasise More & More Reading As Part Of School Curriculum & Also Outside It Through Many Initiatives Such As Organising Book Fairs & Book Exchange Programmes. Sir Libraries Shd Be Opened So That Ease Of Access To various Books Is Made Possible.
1 0 we want to access every sites freely,@anytime,@anywhere.so please don't put any restriction.
2 0 opening more and more public libraries at various levels like schools, government offices, Panchayats with good collection of books on all the topics. Make all books softcopy and upload to govt. authorized website.
1 0 Respected Modi Ji, 2 Points to be implemented:: 1) Give Free Online Library for Students 2) Give Free Online Education Career Assistance for Students, after High School (As per Interest) 3) Awareness on Online Library to Students across every school (Public++Private++Under Developed Villages School) Regards Tapadhir Bhattacharya 9538536083 (M)
0 0 1.opening more and more public libraries at various levels like schools, government offices, Panchayats with good collection of books on all the topics. 2.Now a days ebook reading is increasing day by day hence government should come up with some ebook reading devices which can be available for students at very cheap prizes like "Aakash tablet".
2 0 We need more Public Libraries at the Panchayat level for rural areas and under the Muncipal Corporation.People of all ages should be allowed to go and browse the books inside a large library and borrow it for a nominal fee. In Chennai we have only 1 Public Library for the entire city and the books are mainly in the vernacular.In villages the word Library doesnt exsist. 1 more IIT hardly makes any difference but 1000 villages having Public Libraries do even if they have only books on few topics.
0 0 -I dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. -telecom companies should not get the power to decide what people want to watch on the internet,it should be decided by the people and they should not charge differently for different websites -I want to be able to access anything,anytime without having to pay more for it separately. -I dont want licensing for whats app,viber or any other app that i use.
0 0 In order to ensure respect for Books & to provide Books to poors make a policy of providing books used books by passed out students to their juniors
0 0 Net neutrality is our right! Telecom companies shall not be allowed to control our access. #netneutrality
0 0 Very Strongly Support to Net Neutrality..
0 0 Strongly Support to Net Neutrality.... (y)
0 0 A yearly rwarded quiz and test on particular book, state wise as well as national wise
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We do not want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet and they can't charge us for accessing different websites on the internet. 3. We want to access any website anytime without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We do not want licensing for Whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet should be free.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We do not want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet and they can't charge us for accessing different websites on the internet. 3. We want to access any website anytime without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We do not want licensing for Whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Please Modi Sarkar, dont fall into trap of FB, Airtel, Idea & Vodafone Please :(
0 0 http://www.nationallibrary.gov.in/ is not working properly. Please take a look on this. There should be digitized copy available for incredible books for all the citizen 24/7.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We do not want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet and they can't charge us for accessing different websites on the internet. 3. We want to access any website anytime without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We do not want licensing for Whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Please Modi Sarkar, dont fall into trap of FB, Airtel, Idea & Vodafone Please :(
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We do not want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet and they can't charge us for accessing different websites on the internet. 3. We want to access any website anytime without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We do not want licensing for Whatsapp, viber or any other app we use.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We do not want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet and they can't charge us for accessing different websites on the internet. 3. We want to access any website anytime without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We do not want licensing for Whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet should be free.
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet 3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet 3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use 5. ALL content on the internet must be
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet 3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible
0 0 Every sector is given adhoc Bonus every calender year..10% of Bonus should be given in form of books. A list can be curculated for selection by them. This will develop habit of book reading..
0 0 Can we create a national list of available books and their rental / sharing platform between various libraries to enable availability of books for all? Also, please look into conversion of our plethora of regional and ancient books in audio formats to promote greater awareness.
0 0 My suggestions are - 1) Increase the library density by using govt. supported schools are libraries. 2) More emphasis to be given to e-books and sufficient number of e-readers should be procured. 3) Book clubs is an old-school, wasteful idea which would not work. 4) Also, as many people do not read books, voice books should be made available and maybe radio companies could be encouraged to dedicate some time to read prominent books about India.
0 1 I want net neutrality to continue as it is today but pornographic contents should be blocked. The telecom companies should not be allowed to levy different charges for different web sites.
0 0 I want Net neutrality. I want net as its running today & the way it was in the past.
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet 3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet 3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible 6. Stop being a stooge for the telecom companies.
0 0 1. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT telecom companies to control internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access each and everything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. All data packets being transmitted over the internet MUST be treated equally.
0 0 I want Net neutrality. I want net as its running today & the way it was in the past. I want net neutrality.
0 0 Net neutrality is a very good step that has been taken by the indian government. At first Primary school education should instill the habit of visiting library once in a week from the age of 8 yrs.Every school-Govt or private run school should have a proper library with many books.Proper regular hours of library should be compulsory in school curriculum.License of school should be cancelled if there is no library and library hours.To call citizens to Donate Books instead of scraping.
0 0 Immense digitization encroaching the readers and switching them to a e-reading especially youths and professionals on other side rural and backward areas are totally deprived from the books. So I suggest 2 things.One; In urban,each colony (Nagar) comprising 10 to 20 families must be provided a Mini library by respective corporation.Second;In rural areas each Panchayat must have library with Internet facility. this decentralization of library  will make 'Inclusive Changes'  and boost the reading
0 0 Children's Writing: gov should call for aspiring writers to write very short stories (within 1000 words) for children. A book should then be published by NBT.
0 0 Reading Habits: schools should include extra compulsory reading hours where a set of books (popular classics, biographies, plays) in accordance to age should be completed within the course of the year. No written examinations, but discussions, enactment etc can take place. Motivating writers: every year government should get a book of short stories published in whichthe stories are written by aspiring writers of the country. Govt should call for aspiring writers to send their unpublished work.
0 0 book reading habits should be started from elementary school.  Teachers should be educated to read book in the class every day.  Students should be encouraged to read books and write review about that book as an assignment from the elementary school itself.  Parents can be encouraged to donate books to the school .
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet 3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible 6. Stop being a stooge for the telecom companies.
0 0 Net neutrality is a very good step that has been taken by the indian government
0 0 There should be setup of Govt.run book markets where books can be sold and bought.IF atleast 40-50% of book price is given to any person who sells their book,there will be an increase in the number of books.From that few books can be added to Govt run libraries in the region...and books can be sold to other people for about 70% of the original price.By this both the people and government will be benefited.These book markets should be at first established in every taluk of the Nation
0 0 At first Primary school education should instill the habit of visiting library atleast once in a week from the age of 8 years.For that every school-Govt or private run school should have a proper library with many books.Proper regular hours of library should be compulsory in school curriculum.License of school should be cancelled if there is no library and library hours.To a certain age there should be guidance from the teacher who motivates the child to learn his/her area of interest.
0 0 All the books falling into any and every genre should be promoted in multifarious segments of societies and in different Indian languages as well. We should be entitled to read any book we wish to.
0 0 Anything and Everything on the Internet Should be accessible to everyone without having to pay for it seperately. Telecom companies Shouldnot be given power to define NetNeutrality
0 0 setup large public library in every city and they should bigger and rich in terms of books. It should have all language books. if good books are in library people will read it without any campaign. government can open bookshop where we will get all books by govt. as well as private publishers. please abolish system to ask guarantee from MP/MLA/Corporater/other govt. officer,many do not go to library because of this.And copyright should be of author only.
0 0 1. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT telecom companies to control internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access each and everything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. All data packets being transmitted over the internet MUST be treated equally.
1 0 1. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT telecom companies to control internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access each and everything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. All data packets being transmitted over the internet MUST be treated equally.
0 0 because if any program is not implemented in particulars then all affords will be useless and our all schemes will be hanged till death as the earlier govt has done and made a record of corruption and put our Nation in great difficulties.All national policies must be declared on site with proper implementation period so that any body can monitor and see what is going on.
0 0 development of villages should be fist policy of our nation. they must get free and quality education without any reservation and with good nutrition ,their development should not be confined to the restrictions of degrees  and load of books but the development of national character and full support to develop them with our good infrastructures and social reform policies. good schools, common syllabus and character building education should be incorporated in NBPP and its implementation in time
0 0 please always remember that our india resides  in villges and more than 50% population is suffering with good education and mal nutrition.even they dont know who is doing what for them hence our NBPP need to high light the needs for these population without any hurdles. until and unless this population is not taken in our mind the dream of our india will remain in dark only.at present this population is used as VOTE BANK only.hence all efforts be made in this directiion
0 0 Think about the rural India.Either improve its e-facilities very fast or give some good health of its libraries..
0 0 Well I do pay my bills for internet so I Don't need telcos to choose what I want to see on internet or what I want to access.I want total net neutrality and access every single bit of content on the internet. No pineapple's plz..!!!
1 0 India needs net neutrality..I dont want telecom companies to control, what i should see. I pay for data. so i have the right to access all the content over internet. Licensing VOIP is bad idea. telecom companies already benefited by data tariff. it can offset the loss made in data VOIP calls.
0 0 I would like to give a suggestion to those telecom companies to not to modify the meaning of net neutrality , not even a single one of us will pay differently for different websites...
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use
0 0 Please don't let telcos control our freedom. We've already seen power redefine democracy; please don't let it redefine fr #nbpp #mygov
0 0 Why not club digital India with this initiative? e-Basta is a revolutionary thought. It might even be the only such state-sponsored program in the world. Expanding the purview of e-Basta would bring in book promotion as well. But that only solvesweight and space issues. The main problem, motivation still persists. For that, we have to generate a need to read books. For that, we should generate a need for diversified knowledge. Generating a need for interdisciplinary research can help us.
0 0 I think gov. should make online portal were no. of books should be available to read free.
0 0 1. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT telecom companies to control internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access each and everything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. All data packets being transmitted over the internet MUST be treated equally.
0 0 HONBLE PRIME MINISTER PLEASE CALL TO SHREE  NANDKISHORE SAWARIYA HIS MOBILE NUBER 9425016848 HE IS  HONEST MAN AND MANY BJP  LEADERS  KNOW HIM HE  SHOULD BE  PRESIDENT OF CORPORATION OF  MADHYA PRADESH KUNDLY REQUEST TO YOU  CALL HIM  AND APPIONT HIN CHAIRMAN OF ANY CORPORATION M.L.A.  BHOPAL  RAMESHWAR SHARMA IS FRIEND OF HIM. NAND KISHORE IS VERY HONEST PERSON  AND VERY KIND NATURE HE IS 70  YEARS OLD ALWAYS FIGHT   TO   AGAINST CORRUPTION IN MAD
0 0 I have posted my comments on this portal and found space to be too less. The space for commenting may be increased to at least one thousand character if not more. Moreover, is anybody from the government reading these comments/suggestions. If someone is reading he can append his comments after the viewer's comments, otherwise it is understood that there is nobody who is taking any cognizance of these comments.
0 0 1. Policy talks only about how to promote books whereas aim should be to promote knowledge. 2. Book is only one type source of knowledge. Books are also mandatory for schools and colleges 3. Suggestions: a) All schools & colleges keep sufficient number of books to be issued free of cost to all students b) Will immune students from lobby which forces schools to change books after every two years c) Save environment as trees are saved by recycling books 4. Happening at IIsT & Sainik Schools
0 0 1. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT telecom companies to control internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access each and everything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. All data packets being transmitted over the internet MUST be treated equally.
0 0 HONBLE PRIME MINISTER SHRI NANDKISHORE SAWARIYA SHOULD BE PRESIDENT OF COMMISSION ,BOARD,CORPORATION OF  MADHYA PRADESH DIWAKAR NATU UJJAIN SINHAST MELA ATHOURITY AMD RAMESHWAR SHARMA M.L.A. OF BHOPAL ARE  FRIENDS OF  SHREE  NANDKISHORE SAWARIYA HIS CONTACT NUMBERIS 9425609548 KINDLY CALL TO SHREE  NAND KISHORE SAWARIYA OF BHOPAL PLEASE MAKE HIM MAMBER OF COMMISSION OR BOARD OR CORPORATION CHAIRMAN HIS CONTACT NUMBER IS 9425016848, 9425609548 PLEASE CALL TO TH
0 0 Please don't hinder our progress by dictating terms of our internet use.
0 0 #NetNutrality 1. we DON'T want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom operators/companies. 2. We DON'T want telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. We WANT ALL content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone.
0 0 please don't look into someone's private life. so don't ban porn instead of this just ban those things which leads to happen child abusing n other bad things.
0 0 Please don't let telcos control our freedom. We've already seen power redefine democracy; please don't let it redefine freedom
0 0 Please don't let telcos control our freedom. We've already seen power redefine democracy; please don't let it redefine freedom
1 0 #NetNutrality 1. we DON'T want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom operators/companies. 2. We DON'T want telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. We WANT ALL content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 0 #NetNutrality 1. we DON'T want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom operators/companies. 2. We DON'T want telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. We WANT ALL content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone.
0 0 #NetNutrality 1. we DON'T want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom operators/companies. 2. We DON'T want telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. We WANT ALL content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 . We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
1 0 Everything on internet should be accessible without any bias to every user of it. We trust in u gov. Please keep net as it is.
0 0 seriously if india says it is independent and the people of india are independent then the first thing that the country should provide should be the internet we can see from the countries around the world that every one is developing because of their free and equal acess to internet the government should not regulate the flow of data and the things on internet as its the right of the citizens of india to have all acess being a independent democratic country
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 collector of each district to start an account in india cleaning project and he will collect rs one lakhs from indivijuals and firms not less than 100 and the minimum collection is rs one crore and the iterest from each month is one lakhs .this amount is givan to those indivijuals or firm, school , or charitable society  to clean their areas on propar ways . the  depositer will get the amount after five years with small interest . and the winners can get money ,certificates from p m
0 0 We need complete net neutrality where we can use internet equally to stream whatever we want without any bias. The idea what telecos are pitching is nothing but a money making tool! It's equivalent saying that I'll charged more if I use the electric connection for A/C rather than a refrigerator or if I use different brand than the ones which have tied up with electric provider! Please keep internet neutral! Otherwise it would be against the right to freedom! #Save #Internet
0 0 There should not be any discrimination about data rate policies for different online services. We should have our choice of visiting some url or website. Different payment schemes would rather bound us to stick some handful internet services and we don't want that. #netneutrality #savetheinternet.
0 0 I WAnt MY INTERNET THE WAY I USE ie. NEUTRAL IT SHOULD NOT BE DECIDED MY ANY TELCO .. ITS MY INTERNET MY WISH..NO TELCO INVOVED
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be
0 0 Net neutrality is important because it gives fair chance to developing websites/softwares to enter the cyber industrialisation. We don't want the government to decide what we can watch on Internet and what we can not. The government already does for movies and TV serials, this shouldn't be for the Internet too. Internet is a vast and powerful platform and we need neutrality in it. Everything on the Internet should be accessible to everyone accross the country.
0 0 I want internet to be neutral, telcoms should not define what is net-neutrality according to their needs. #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy
0 0 The Internet is important to me because, as a college business student, I need to know that there will not be barriers to entry for the new ideas and services that I hope to bring to the marketplace. If ISP subscribers have an easier time loading websites of existing companies than my new innovative product, there’s no way that I will be able to compete or succeed.
0 0 There is no way that the Govt/or any Telecom Company should be allowed to control net neutrality. It is a freedom akin to what the constitution provides for right of free speech. If I am already paying for normal call and data services why should I be made to pay for VOIP. This is just the greed of these companies which is coming to the fore. No license Raj please, Govt got elected because of a change being required, dont make the public change you, their memories are like elephant's not short
0 0 1.I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 Sir, My contribution for my country is attached ! we all love you! Jai Hind
0 0 The policy should have adequate safeguards to prevent the ruling party from using it as a vehicle for propaganda
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.. #NetNeutrality
0 0 PRIME EXAMPLE IS THE NEW BOOK RELEASED " molecular biology of cell 6th edition" cost aroud 5000rs overseas and 10000rs in india...and then our gov want our youth to be  highly educated....10000 for a book is too much for a book even for a rich family
0 0 I am a strong supporter of net neutrality. The main parts of net neutrality can be summed up as, freedom of speech and freedom of commerce for the Internet. You cannot block legal content, and you cannot slow down or speed up content based on who is providing it. We don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 THERE SHOULD BE NO OR MINIMUM TAX ON ALL THE EDUCATIONAL MATERIAL...ALSO GOVERNMENT SHOULD ADD 1 OR TWO NOVELS  TO STUDENTS COURSE BECOZ THEY CAN MAKE STUDENT LOVE READING AND IN TURN CAN HELP  STUDENTS TO START READING MORE BOOKS INCLUDING EDUCATIONAL BOOKS........ 1. ALMOST EVERY EDUCATIONAL BOOK SHOULD BE ONLINE IN THE  PDF OR EPUB FORMAT. 2. RATHER THAN DISTRIBUTING LAPTOPS GOVERNMENT SHOULD DISTRIBUTE EBOOK READER LIKE KINDLE...OR SHOULD MAKE THEM TAX FREE OR SOME TYPE OF DISCOUNT .
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone NO hike in internet plan
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
1 0 Books are the best friend of every human being. To encourage people reading books should be affordable and should be handy and could be less than 100 pages. This can keep the interest level and excitement among students intact. Break down bigger books into smaller booklets. The series will definitely help books being bought and most importantly read
0 0 govt should buy rights to all major books which bare importance in education and publish them online
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 We want net neutrality. We want full freedom on internet.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.. #NetNeutrality
0 0 The idea of COMPLETE net neutrality does not just support an individual accesing the web from any corner of the world but to also to new product which is trying to come forward with its idea to the market. Also, the Telecom companies discontent towards VOIP companies has to be addressed. They have to understand the importance of free market where anyone anywhere can come up with a revolutionary idea to change the traditional way of things. So no charge for VOIP. Hope you take choose wisely.
0 0 In my thinking it must be in picturised format and the main thing is in all over India the books are in same pattern in both for Hindi and English medium and also prohibited to schools that must be follow these books not other publications books
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Internet Access to ALL.
0 0 In my views of books...There should be such books which must contain as much as picture view with the theory . As human brain capture more visually then reading
0 0 My suggestions:1>Age friendly 2>standard/complex language need to be simplified for better understanding without compramising the meaning 3>international books/edition need to made affordable through governament interference 4>gist/synopse of the book made available freely 5>eforts to picturise the important books so as to aceepted by kids and making it attractive to the reader 6>avoid discrimination /bias, avoid institutional influencences into authors views/perception
0 0 My suggestions:1>Age friendly 2>standard/complex language need to be simplified for better understanding without compramising the meaning 3>international books/edition need to made affordable through governament interference 4>gist/synopse of the book made available freely 5>eforts to picturise the important books so as to aceepted by kids and making it attractive to the reader 6>avoid discrimination /bias, avoid institutional influencences into authors views/perception
0 0 Have more literary based fairs, hold reading sessions. make the approach to book reading a fun activity rather than a chore. we can have some classic books neutral in religious and political views, freely available for download or reading on registering with a website. with explanations, analysis and discussion forums. that is if their telecom operators will allow them to access those websites for free of course. #netneutrality let net be freely accessible to all.
0 0 1) pictorial depiction in books for easy learning 2) books should be recycled; class after class, unlike the business done now, thus poor can learn 3) our Indian culture & science should be used to promote learning
0 0 We don't want telecoms to decide what apps should we use or control us in any way
0 0 My suggestions:1>Age friendly 2>standard/complex language need to be simplified for better understanding without compramising the meaning 3>international books/edition need to made affordable through governament interference 4>gist/synopse of the book made available freely 5>eforts to picturise the important books so as to aceepted by kids and making it attractive to the reader 6>avoid discrimination /bias, avoid institutional influencences into authors views/perception
0 0 Dear Sir/Madam, Before discussing about National Book Promotion Policy, we should learn tolerance. Why i am saying is how can government or anyone can ban websites? How does the people sitting under four walls can know which content is good or bad and ordering others to watch or ban the content. If you really want ban porn , we can include proper curriculum or awarness amoung young and youth. Sex Education must be a part of curriculum.
0 0 1. All books should be available in PDF format 2. Please try to lunch audio book for subject like history. Because mobile phones are available every where and it is easy to store it. 3. If it can be lunch for different eBook reader format like kindle. 4. IF Pdf copies of books get available that should be with high amount of line animation so print out cost could be minimize. 5. Free on-line test facility should be started.
0 0 "1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.."#NetNeutrality
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 1 we dont want net nutrality defined by telcos 2 we dont want to pay for every app seperayely 3 it will destroy those small app companies without deep pockets 4it would destroy our lifestyle
0 0 Happy Independence Day.... 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone. We want equal #netneutrality...
0 0 mobile networks cannot define net neutrality, we want free internet free access to every site.
0 0 Complete net neutrality is a must. Even a partial version of this would affect information and knowledge transfer a lot! #CompleteNetNeutrality
1 0 Independent India ....I m in support of open Internet ...net neutrality
0 0 why should we pay difference charges for different sites ?? i strongly support net neutrality. we dont want net neutrality to be defined by tecom companies..
1 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
2 0 I strongly support an open internet, for which I believe it is critical to uphold net neutrality and reject any moves towards licensing of Internet applications and Web services. Anyone and everyone should be able to access all content on the Internet.
1 0 It's all about in which society, culture I'm living. I'm living in India where we respect of each other view, independence and this is the reason we could able to share and live with our culture. Net Neutrality definitely a steps to ruin our independence. I my self, like other request not impose Net Neutrality. #Value Your #Citizen. These are #Valuable #Assets for any #Nation.
2 0 I support net neutrality as we got freedom. We are paying you the full charges and telecompanies got no right to decide what we need to access what we do not need to access. Here is the time for change. Its our Honorable prime ministers tag of Digitalization of india.so net neutrality is the need of the hour.so please don't change the defination of net nutrality and support the cause bring a good law.which is needed.
0 0 I think Book Promotion should be start from school. we should include Story books (Funny and inspirational) So it encourage students from child hood to read. and after that either discussion / assignment on the book but no exams for such book. So student can enjoy the reading. And we need to upgrade the library. There should be a way People can donate the books to library.
0 0 "1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.."#NetNeutrality
1 0 I strongly support an open internet, for which I believe it is critical to uphold net neutrality and reject any moves towards licensing of Internet applications and Web services. Anyone and everyone should be able to access all content on the Internet.
1 0 having exactly the same views as some other person,i am quoting his views - "1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies tocontrol WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.."#NetNeutrality
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 No telecom company will decide what I what to watch on my phone sitting in my room...people should have access to all the websites all the time without paying extra money for specific website..no money should be charged to access so specific site no matter what..EVERYTHING should ne AVAILABLE at ANYTIME to ANYONE!!
0 0 we want to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. don't change the definition of net neutrality.....
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 We want REAL net neutrality.. Nothing should be controlled by the telcos.. Internet access should be made easier for the citizens.. In today's time when there's a need for bullet speed internet,  government is trying to complicate things for us.. And then people wonder why the other countries are ahead of us.. Watsapp, viber etc should not be made paid.. This is not the right way to earn money..
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps I use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6.I DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture me, I WANT full access to any content on internet
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for any website separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. ALL content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone.
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet
0 0 our school/ colleges syllabuses must emphasise to read text books/etextbooks so that after leaving school/college student will consider himself an authority on specific chosen subject
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
2 0 We dont want any kind licence restrications on apps it will kill the innovative app. We dont want to access one website for free and another by paying money. We want to everyone to access everything on the internet with the same traffic charge and only traffic charge, no extra charge.
0 0 "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone by Hari
0 0 In our Pradhan Sevak's words "Let us join this mass movement towards surajya", needless to say that good governance is impossible if you are not free from the influences of corporate world. This policy, prima-facie looks to be benefiting private telecom sector unduly and capsizing the amount of freedom on net. This is kind of tying-in supported by the govt  itself n breaching the spirits of Competition Act. Plz change it now else the Apex court will do it for us. plz be truthful to your duties.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 earlier moral science was a subject   .this subject should be started again so   student have good thinking like viveknand  .we read in swamiviveknand unversity till now i and my classmates  do not know about swamiviveknand  ideology  so  that sould  in some section of book
0 0 most of time i meet poor people ifind they have  not the knowledge of  program run by gov of india .This  policy r specially  made for poor people but i also find that when there little  child tell them they go and register themselve to those program.so i want suggest u add  some chapter of  program  (such as bima yojna ,pension yojna,etc) plan in there book.so by student there parent can know  .
1 0 Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1. We definitely don't want net neutrality defined by the telecom companies. 2. Licensing days are long gone. We don't want any licensing for apps now. 3. Everyone should have to access anything on the Internet, at any time, without the interference of telecom companies and without paying separately for it.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 "We want complete net neutrality i.e. Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the Internet." 1. We definitely don't want net neutrality defined by the telecom companies. 2. Licensing days are long gone. We don't want any licensing for apps now. 3. Everyone should have to access anything on the Internet, at any time, without the interference of telecom companies and without paying separately for it.
0 0 We would like you to take net neutrality seriously for its true meaning which is where every individual has the freedom to use everything on the internet be it any form of social media or any such application in which internet is a necessity. Please do not let the Telecom Service Providers and the Telecom Companies to use the term net neutrality in their favour. We do not want net neutrality. We want the freedom to be able to access anything we like.
0 0 Yeah fr sure we don't want to b charged fr different websites. As companies r trying to control the internet so b remain the internet as it is.....as we can access anything
0 0 TelCos should not define net neutrality and control the Internet. Different websites can't be charged differently. Anything on the internet should be accessible.
0 0 Point One: Unforeseen consequences: We have been living with a neutral internet for quite a better part of the century now. Internet has generated a huge industry in its wake. If the detractors of net neutrality are so sure, they should also talk about the unforeseen consequences of limiting a particular amount of data and bandwidth to a certain web portal. As of today what most people see is, there are more unforeseen consequences of the new, harebrained ideas from Google, Facebook etc
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telecoms controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telecoms or Internet.org defines it. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 a. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. b.We DON'T WANT licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. c. Please don't bring back license raj. We don't want companies to make money by misleading people by changing the definition of 'NET NEUTRALITY' d. This might really affect the small businesses who wants to promote their idea,specially for startups.
0 0 We don't want telcos to define net neutrality. We want to access anythingon internet at any given time without paying extra or separately for it. We don't want licensing of apps like Watsapp, Viber etc.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 I want to access anything i wish on internet without getting charged differently. Let the internet be as it is.
0 0 Sir please see that you not only make it friendly but also see that there are no libraries in the schools in many of parts.So i request you to make it compulsory that a school should have library.
0 0 you have national library portal but it is not user friendly please make it as a user friendly and provide a mobile app. first identify the situation of public library in states first provide permanent buildings and connect it with national library grid to utilize books and transfer valuable books through out india. and this is also taken as a campaign like jandhan swatch bharat to get highly educated India.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 I want complete net neutrality" 1.I don't want net neutrality defined by telecom companies. 2.I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use. 3. I don't want to pay extra for apps for using them, all access for all apps should be free. 4.I want everyone to access anything at any time without the interference of telecom companies and without paying separately for it. 5.I want real net neutrality, that is free for all . everyone should able to use everything on the Internet
0 1 Sir, There are public libraries in cities. Most of them are in moribund condition. Most of them are suffering from quality authors & publishers. I go to a library named Suhreed Sangh Pramandaliye Pustakalya, P.O. - Ramna, Muzaffarpur. I've found that this library has enough space but number of books is very low. And the books of renowned writers like Premchand, etc. are of cheap publishers; Low quality printing on low quality paper with missed pages. So, public libraries are good market.
0 1 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 we should start a campaign in which" har bhartiya ka roj ka kaam.... 6 ghante apne liye, 2 ghante desh ke naam"
0 0 I want complete net neutrality" 1. I don't want net neutrality defined by telecom companies. 2. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use. 3. I don't want to pay extra for apps for using them, all access for all apps should be free. 4. I want everyone to access anything at any time without the interference of telecom companies and without paying separately for it. 5. I want real net neutrality, that is free for all. 6. I also want this website's server to be upgrade
0 0 we dont want to give that right what to do on internet to the telecome company. this is the direct attake on the pms DIGITAL INDIA PROJECT.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
1 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 1. Uniform access to everything on the internet without any bias or charge. 2. I don't want Facebook, Airtel, Idea or Vodafone to tell me which apps are paid and which are free. 3. Apps like WhatsApp, Viber and other similar apps should not have to apply for any license to enable calls on the internet.
0 0 Today, 15th August, 2015 is Sri Aurobindo's 143rd birth anniversary. Our Govt should take a pledge to undertake a programme promoting Sri Aurobindo's writing in all walks of life, especially among students and youth. His 'Foundation of Indian Culture' should be a must-read book in all streams of undergraduate and post-graduate levels, be it science, technology or humanities studies. Sri Aurobindo never preached a religion; what he represents is 'a decisive action direct from the Supreme.'
0 0 1. One flat fee for Internet access, allow access to everything or nothing. 2. If Facebook wants to give free internet access, don't let them do it on the condition of selective access to Internet. This is similar to what missionaries do by feeding people and converting their religion 3. Voice carried over Internet, just like data, should not be charged differently, simply because telecom companies are used to an older voice revenue model. Telecom companies need to adapt or die.
0 0 these days somewhat internet reaches to village people and government students who r cant bear to private education means they are using internet with eqaully charge on contents that is real netneutrality eqaully charging on every web if govt put this on private telecom indeed we gonna lose may more utilized things from youngstars like google facebook dat inventers were invent, without restrictions on internet TRAI IS GOOD FOR NETNEUTRALITY EVALUTION govofindia should be plan enhance empowrement
0 0 Now Telecom companies will decide what to ACCESS. They can't axe our freedom. WE DON'T WANT NET NEUTRALITY to be controlled by Telecos.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 I and We all do not want the #NetNeutrality as proposed by the Telecom companies. If they have lots of money to pay in behalf of us so that we could access some specific website free of cost or fast then we like to tell them please help us some were else where we need most not at this front. Lets say we need most help 1. In paying fees of our colleges. 2. In paying price for our books and many more. You cant control our wish and choice.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 We do not want net neutrality to be defined by telecom operators. I support net neutrality every one should be able to access everything over the internet. We shouldn't be charged separately for each individual internet services. Banning something can't save the internet.As it's a scientific law if you try to pressurise on something more ND more, without stopping,it would ultimately burst out back at your face.So please don't take our nation to that bursting out point.Happy Independace day.
0 0 Document showing as empty please
1 0 1. Conduct book exhibitions/fairs in major cities/towns every quarter. 2. Conduct competitions that need the participants to have developed a good reading habit- spelling bee, pronunciation, grammar competitions, essay writing, story writing, etc. 3. Find cheap ways to make paper so that books cost less. 4. Make soft copies of all great Indian-authors' books and allow entities to print and sell them. 5. A small portion of the profits should go towards paper-industry-research.
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 We want actual net neutrality. The access to internet should not be confined to the rules of telecos. We can access anything without being separately paid for certain services. Equal charges for all network access for internet. #NetNeutrality
0 0 We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
0 0 I don't want telecom companies to control what I access on the internet! I don't want telecom companies to take away my internet freedom!
1 0 We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
1 0 We do not want net neutrality to be  defined by telecom operators, should be defined by TRAI. I support net neutrality" every one should be able to access everything over the internet". We shouldn't be charged separately for each individual internet services. Please save internet.
0 0 WE NEED TO MAKE DIGITAL LIBRARY OF ALL OLD OUR BOOKS WHICH MAY BE DOWNLOAD BY FREE OF COST. SO PEOPLE CAN READ MORE N MORE BOOKS. OUR 80 % PEOPLE HAVING NO FUNDS TO BUY THE MORE N MORE BOOKS AND ON E-BOOKS MULTINATIONAL COMPANY HAVING FULL CAPTURE THE MARKET. THEN TELL HOW THE PEOPLE BUY N READ IT.. SO IN MY SUGGESTION AFTER 10 YEARS ALL BOOKS WILL BE NATIONAL PROPERTY N IT SHOULD BE FREE BY GOVERNMENT ON NATIONAL DIGITAL LIBRARY.
0 0 I don't want Telecom companies to determine net neutrality .I want to access internet fully without having to pay differently. I also do not want licensing for apps like watsap, Viber etc.
0 0 I want to access internet they way i want to wothout paying any extra bills to telecom carriers or gov. If you want to provide net neutrality kindly provide it with its true meaning not somethinf manipulated by the telecos or the governmnet.  Thanks
0 0 is mygov software issue , why net neutrality discussion on book promotion forum
0 0 Net Neutrality definition should not be decided by Telecom companies. There should not be any difference in the way any website is accessed by user. COAI should form policies to curb any restrictions put forward by the telecom companies in terms of blocking or charging extra. The Voice apps call should be not made be subjected to licenses and be free to be used by anyone
0 0 I want net neutrality...I dont want to pay extra charges !!!
1 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 we dont want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use .
0 0 We want another google, another facebook,we want #Innovations #explorations that is only possible by actual #netneutality ,not letting any Telecom Operator/Licensing to control our #freedon#to#acess#what#vwant#on#Internet.
0 0 we DONT want to pay EXTRA CHARGES for THE INTERNET...
0 0 WE DON"T WANT TO PAY MORE TO ACCESS THE THINGS ON THE INTERNET OTHER THAN SUGGESTED BY OUR GOVT OR OUR INTERNET PROVIDERS! just leave the things the way they are right now
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 WE DONT WANT NET NEUTRALITY DEFINED BY THE TELECOM COMPANIES, WE WANT A EQUAL ,FREE AND COMPLETELY ACCESSIBLE INTERNET OPEN TO EVERY SINGLE PERSON.
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 chain if public library  system in Australia http://www.pla.org.au/
0 0 I am adding few websites of public libraries , few good points can be copied from them http://www.newham.gov.uk/Pages/Category/Libraries.aspx?l1=100003
0 0 We don't want net neutrality suggested by telecom companies. If net neutrality is not there as it's originally defined than it would setback of the decade for India. For IT industry, MakeInIndia sirf sapna hi rahega. There is no way to built a silicon valley in India. There wont be any product based start up in IT in India. India couldn't be a new IT hub for world. Hence there would be more brain drain.
0 0 WE WANT REAL NET NEUTRALITY
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 We should go for Audio library, a good with long battery life in India cost a rs 2000 with micro SD card, which you will find even common people having it right now, they use more for entertainment , we can use it platform to use audio library a microsd card of 4gb can store upto 100 books.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 I want to view all the content available on the internet for the same price. Its the same technology that goes on the wire in the form of packets. It does not matter if we are watching a video or viewing some website. If we are charged of using some services like facebook and whatsapp etc., then this will result in less innovation. only the big players will provide the telcos enough money so that their service remains alive and this will eventually result in monopoly.
0 0 We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use!! #NetNeutrality
0 0 We want net to be open and not controlled by any telecom operators or any other agencies, let it be what is now and what it was from ages.
0 0 All School going children's should be encouraged to read the books other than textbooks. The publication houses can be given some concession/subsidy for providing books to children. It can be mandatory to spend at least 5-10% of the corporators/MLAs/MPs fund/salary on establishing libraries across schools or say colonies. The government can also think of reducing the tax on books/writers/publication houses so that they can pass on this money to public who inturn will be able to buy cheaper books
0 0 we dont want net neutrality suggested by telecom companies....we want net on same charges we dont want to give licenece to access watsapp,viber.. we want freedom
2 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. Were don't want to pay any extra money for specific websites or apps. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp,viber or other apps. We want to access any websites at anywhere without any extra charges or any other conditions. Please don't let the telecom companies to control the access of internet
0 0 Happy independence day...Net neutrality helps poor people to access the data so that they can also explore more .It helps for everyone on the same page poor or rich people.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 A. We DON'T WANT net neutrality to be defined by telecom companied. B. We DON'T WANT telcos to control what we access on the internet. C. You CAN'T charge differently for different websites. D. We WANT to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. E. We DON'T WANT licensing for VOIP Services(i.e. Whattsapp etc.)
0 0 Happy Independence Day..!!! Hope Indian gov. Access net neutrality. Because free data can empower people with world within hands. #mygov
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT net neutrality to be defined by telecom companied. 2. We DON'T WANT telcos to control what we access on the internet. 3. You CAN'T charge differently for different websites. 4. We WANT to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. 5. We DON'T WANT licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app
1 0 Happy Independence Day. I hope our government will be honest and helpful enough to keep our internet choices independent. Please reconsider the definition of net neutrality. Net neutrality is not that people get some data for free. It is that everyone has same access to same data for same rates everywhere, without interference of internet service providers or government. I hope, our government will understand that we have power to choose in democracy. Happy Independence day!
1 0 Please don't force insanity on the users. In an attempt to be pro-corporate the government should NOT undermine the freedom of such a huge user base by exploiting them to pay separately according to usage the intricacies of which have clearly revealed that we as internet users will end up on the receiving end with all the troubles. Please don't chain the nation on the nation this Independence Day!
2 0 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyo
2 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to
2 0 I want to say that Govt.of India should focus on provding cheap medical drugs for the poor a special medical stores should be opened in every city of india where a poor get a cheap medical drugs and these medical stores should be allotted to unemployed youth of India it will help them t provide employment as well medical drugs can be provided to poor.
2 0 #NBPP I want to say that there should be free library whether it be elibrary or book library should be opened in every city and town of india
2 0 We want to access all the areas of the net without any discrimination. We do not want to pay extra charges to access a particular website . please don't let the telcos have their way because first of all this would be an outrage because internet is supposed to freely accessible from anywhere to anyone without being charged extra just to access a particular site or watch a video.If net neutralityTHE ACTUAL NET NEUTRALITYis not protected it will be nothing but violating the right to freedom
2 0 I never expected that this kind of draconian policies would be encouraged by this govt. Instead of bringing in more freedom and liberty.. We're going back. Net neutrality should never be implemented. Airtel zero kind of ideas are absolutely crap. We want independence and freedom for which our leaders laid their lives.
1 0 We want to access each and every website freely without the control of Companies like now. we don`t support net scheme in which company service provider controls our freedom. India is free country. Modiji don`t make it captive of Airtel or Reliance
1 0 I support net neutrality,which allows everyone to access whatever they wish to see without any extra cost being charged for some or other website or app. No licensing for any application No separate payment for accessing a particular website Netneutrality norm must provide access to everything without extra charge #supportnetneutrality
1 0 1: We don't want Net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2: We don't want telecom companies control what he or she access on internet. 3: We want to be able to access anything and everything at any time on Internet, without having to pay more for it separately. 4: We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use.
1 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens
0 0 Please bring Net neutrality
1 0 We support net neutrality ,which in our terms is basically giving equal rights to everyone in net ,and not charging separately for separate website ,this basically goes against the foundation of internet in which it was built ,now everyone who has a mobile phone has access to internet, and where else do u want to take internet more than this which in itself possible only due to the basic foundation of net neutrality, we should decide on our system not some american idot who decides our system .
1 0 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
0 0 Natural/organic food need to provide to India by making small dairy,poulty,fishery hub who will recycle your Indian garbage into manure and biogas.We  can also use energy renewal like sun.
0 0 Enrol each indian medical insurance to make fit and healthy good quality treatment.India Security need to hire/purchase hitech utilities and smart sniffer dog apox 1 lakh/per to secure trust security with minimum cost not long run liability on India/govt.Manas kr Paira
1 0 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
1 0 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
1 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 All the the topics related in the academia need to be available in India for the younger generations to excel and become the top ones in the world. Library has a great role in the growth of a student, in US all students can avail all information regarding his/her curriculum and various fields at their finger tips, this help them immensely. South Korea is the topper in science and second in mathematical awareness, US is lagging behind, India can motivate the young for that we need libraries...
1 0 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
1 0 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
0 0 Want to know my provider wasn't allowing me to open this page by slowing it down
1 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality 6. If you really
0 0 Let there be free internet  Why are we talking of limiting ourselves to a few services and some pre-selected stuffs I will choose what I have to do with my internet
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
1 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
1 0 i dont want some one to only show us what they want to. id rather choose it on my own, surfing without being interrupted.
1 0 i would want to do whatever i want and i have the right to know it.
1 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
1 0 I request you to follow the net neutrality definition. We want access to all the websites equally and do not want any kind of restriction on any website.we dont want to pay extra money to view a content. We dont want licensing for any VOIP applications. It's our right to have equal access to all the information.
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 Books must remain neutral to the religious matter and should be checked at many levels so that such issue doesn't raise in media and government can maintain its religious neutrality. politicians must not be allowed to endorse or release religious books.
0 0 Books should be easily available. I suggest if Government plans for some Digital library in which any one can read any type of book easily and download it as well.
0 0 we want net neutrality,that means internet is free for the people with no extra licencing or other false parameters.
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
0 0 We the people of India wants net neutrality which will provide us access to all the content on Internet in unbiased way.not like what telecom operators wants us to access....if we want true development of this country please do not kill actual net neutrality.... Jai Hind.....
0 0 3. the policy should than control the prices of categories. Eg- study material books can't be above Rs400 or gov. can give subsidy to books above Rs 400. 4. in ireland, when a new book is released by an author, 4000 copies of the book are purchased by the gov. and distributed in public libraries. this will encourage people to write more books thus adding knowledge to the society. 5. why the HELL are there no subsidy book shops run by government till now. think about it, it will be a succes
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 thank god i found this and is present to give my suggestion on this. i am a final year college student and is highly interested in reading novels and course books but there are few things that concern the community of students, they are 1. the prices are way too high. Eg- Rs. 1000 for a BOOK. i wish the author could justify the price as a book as the price simply delets the idea of the book, he should instead beg in roads. 2. the policy should clearly differentiate the type of books.
0 0 As Internet has become a great platform for knowledge, sharing and creativity in innumerable ways possible and that's just because of the neutral nature of Internet. But under the effect of misleaded definition of Net Neutrality, that would all fade away slowly. So my request is to not allow telcos to decide the definition of Net Neutrality and every Internet user should access everything over the Internet without having to pay extra.
0 0 We need access to EVERYTHING without discrimination. Don’t allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don’t allow creation of private walled gardens. Who are telecom operators to tell us what we need to browse??? We pay them fee for internet access and we should be provided a right to see what ever we want without extra charges.
0 0 We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
0 0 Consumers should be able to access any content on internet, anywhere for free since we are already paying for.mobile data broadband connection.
0 0 1.We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom companies 2.We don't want telecom companies controlling what we access over the internet and we don't want these telcos to charge us for different websites 3.We want to be able access anything anytime without having to pay for it separately 4.We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other VoIP app we use. 5.We don't want the telcos to ruin the utter democracy of netizens which will hamper innnovations #MyGov
1 0 1.We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom companies 2.We don't want telecom companies controlling what we access over the internet and we don't want these telcos to charge us for different websites 3.We want to be able access anything anytime without having to pay for it separately 4.We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other VoIP app we use. 5.We don't want the telcos to ruin the utter democracy of netizens which will hamper innnovations #MyGov
1 0 The fundamental idea with which the internet came into picture was to share the data among various connected nodes with equal probability.As neither the regulatory committee nor the telecom  operators are the inventors of the internet, then how they can attempt to degrade this equal probability by redefining the term "NET NEUTRALITY" in their own profitable way.I want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time,without having to pay more.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT #telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. Please let people chose for themselves their services and what they like on internet 4. We DON'T WANT #licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be #freely accessible to everyone
1 0 this is great
0 0 We do not want this stupidity. No net neutrality. We want freedom to access whatever we want.
0 0 Consumers should be able to access any content on internet, anywhere for free since we are already paying for.mobile data broadband connection.
0 0 We don't want telecome companies to decide which website we will go through.
0 1 1. We DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT #telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. Please let people chose for themselves their services and what they like on internet 4. We DON'T WANT #licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be #freely accessible to everyone
0 0 I want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use
0 0 When our beloved Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi is speak about digital India, he's dream about a country where a huge information base is available on a click, But what will be the use of it if we as democratic citizen of India will not be able to cherish the same because of our service providers. To achieve a target of digital India let the power be with the common man rather than syphoning it to the telecom service providers. We the people of India demand and deserve #NetNeutrality
0 0 Asking same question again and again don't change the answer... #NetNeutrality is the ultimate demand... We want to access everything on internet like now without paying separately for everything. If something is required at this moment, then that's the solution for slow internet in India and gradual increase in tariffs of internet by telecom companies.
0 0 We want "NET NEUTRALITY". The real neutral net not the ones decided by the telecom companies.. Right to access everything not just your thing  anytime anywhere without being charged..
0 0 This ain't the forum for net neutrality all.
1 0 feel the internet should be a toll free highway. Otherwise the whole concept of Internet will be changed...........against #NET neutrality
0 0 Pls don't do this. We want net neutrality in its pure form. No licensing, no content filtration,  no partial access. #NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov #RealNetNeutrality
1 0 1. We don't want #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 3. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it. 4. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use #NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov #RealNetNeutrality
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet without any additional charges.
1 0 I feel the internet should be a toll free highway. Otherwise the whole concept of Internet will be changed...........against #NET neutrality
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the inte
1 0 WE DONT WANT NET NEUTRALITY TO BE DEFINED BY TELECOM COMPANIES.
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us, extra money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access everything at internet, at any time, without any extra payment for that particular website/service. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone.#NetNeutrality
1 0 1. We don't net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We wish to access anything anytime without having to pay for it separately. *By asking companies to take license for allowing VOIP calls all your are doing is destroying innovation. Innovation in telecom was what has brought the telcos this far. It is unfair that they want VOIP to be charged separately.*
1 0 I want to be able to access anything , at any time , without having to pay more for it separately. I don't want net neutrality to be define by telecom companies.
0 0 You can't control our choice. We should be allowed to access each part of the internet
1 0 I feel the internet should be a toll free highway. Otherwise the whole concept of Internet will be changed
1 0 1. We don't net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We wish to access anything anytime without having to pay for it separately. *By asking companies to take license for allowing VOIP calls all your are doing is destroying innovation. Innovation in telecom was what has brought the telcos this far. It is unfair that they want VOIP to be charged separately.*
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us, extra money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access everything at internet, at any time, without any extra payment for that particular website/service. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone.#NetNeutrality
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us, extra money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access everything at internet, at any time, without any extra payment for that particular website/service. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone.#NetNeutrality
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 4. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone without any interference by telecom operators. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov
0 0 other reason is people use broadband and wifi to call anyone from whatsup. and if you block the whatsup   call,  you have to use deep packet inspection from any telecom network to block it. which is hues threat to privacy. so  we are not recommended to block any whatsup call. and other reason  is that, there  are   many app for voice call from Internet.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI
0 0 hello don't destroy the Internet. just  bring the net neutrality. note, if whatsup call is blocked, you are incurring the people, to use the VPN network. there are many tutorial   available in Internet, to teach how to use vpn network. and from  this, more and more people will use vpn. and   it is very hard for any government to block  the vpn. see the china grate firewall.  it is not possible to block any website and other thing by vpn network. other reason is people use broadband
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us, extra money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access everything at internet, at any time, without any extra payment for that particular website/service. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone.#NetNeutrality
0 0 Please don't enter, keep it simple and don't restrict our freedom. We want to continue like now, let us go woth the flow #Indiawantsnetneutrality
1 0 we all live in a country which is fully independent. For this we celebrate every 15th Aug. as our Independence day...to commemorate the independency of our nation. so how our regime want to control on the net, which is going to benefit the ISP. so we suggest government must independent the NET also.... #IndiaWantsNetNeutrality
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 4. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone without any interference by telecom operators. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov
1 0 We don't want the telcos definition of net neutrality we want free internet for everyone to be accessed and used without any restrictions whatsoever. 2. We don't want the VoIP services to be licensed or put under any kind of fees so that they can later charge to the customer. Please don't use your miniscule brains to bring out ideas on how and from where people shall or shall not access the net.
2 0 Totally against this shit ..... why are u forcing this thing upon us
1 0 #netneutrality#fundamental right#access to all sites should be equally not defined by telecom companies need nd demand of public#my gov# TRAI
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI
2 0 1. We need #NetNeutrality. Not the one which you all are trying, we need real net neutrality. We dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to charge differently for every website and we don't want them to control what we want to access. 3. We want to accesses anything, at any time, without paying more for it 4. We don't wasn't licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. #NetNeutrality
0 0 You can not restrict our internet this independence day! We want net neutrality and you can not allow telcos to charge us differently for viewing different websites.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us, extra money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access everything at internet, at any time, without any extra payment for that particular website/service. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone.#NetNeutrality #MyGov #TRAI
0 0 #Netneutrality basic internet for all
0 0 Dear Concern, We the citizen of India is totally against any law which will give power to the telecom providers to control internet speed for any particular website or mobile app. 1. All the contents available on the internet, websites, Mobile application should be treated with equal priority. 2. Everything for everyone should be available. 3. No licensing for whatsApp, Viber etc
0 0 We don't want telecom companies to define net neutrality. We want to freedom in accessing what we desire without paying for it separately.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRA I'm not lazy okay
0 0 #Netneutrality #fundamentalright.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRA I'm not lazy okay
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI
0 0 Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone.
0 0 #netneutrality #equality #freedom
0 0 Net neutrality is same as a fundamental right and we don't want any private Teleco to govern over which site to see or not to see, its should be our choice to do so. Net Neutrality means internet access without discrimination. The current idea of so called Net Neutrality will be deterrent for so many home grown Online Service Providing Startups.
0 0 Jai Hind! My brothers we all know we y we are here,we are here to tell the government that net neutrality is a issue a big issue and it should be resolved as you goverment know that citizens are already angry coz of ban of porn and I m telling u that cencership of the net will and definition will lead to conflicts it is better to now give inter net power to any telicom opraters and citizens should be willing able to access anything ,everything and at anytime on the Internet
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally and freely accessible to everyone. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI
1 0 Net neutrality is same as a fundamental right and we don't want any private Teleco to government over which site to see or not to see, its should be our choice to do so, government firstly from its side should stop this discrimination rather asking for suggestion, recently due to telecos failure to pass this discrimination has already hiked up the data pack prices, I am with net neutrality and I also want government to take action against telcos for their rate hike polices
0 0 Jai Hind! My brothers we all know we y we are here,we are here to tell the government that net neutrality is a issue a big issue and it should be resolved as you goverment know that citizens are already angry coz of ban of porn and I m telling u that cencership of the net will and definition will lead to conflicts it is better to now give inter net power to any telicom opraters and citizens should be willing able to access anything ,everything and at anytime on the Internet.
0 0 we shud hav right to access everything on internet.....telecom companies should not control wht we access on the internet..and telecom companies can not charge differently for different websites.....
0 0 Jai Hind, To my dear government I voted in your favour because I do believe that this government will be better than previous in many way, the way you'll empower us, the way you are currently going by for internet censorship, dictatorship from Internet Companies is not much liking to me personally, I want net neutrality. No company can decide what can I see, visit, download, upload any any related use of internet. It is my life my choice. Supporting original internet neutrality
0 0 #NetNeutrality 1. Dont play with the emotion of people. People has elected the government for their wellfare. 2. We dont want coperates to govern our life or we dont want any one to tell what to access or what not to. 3.We want freedom to access information and nobody has a ridht to deny us. 4. Its a era of inovation and such step would be black spot to it and our "DEMOCRACY".
0 0 We need access to everything... Please don't send us into a state of despair on the eve of 69 th independence day!!
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
0 0 Net neutrality (also network neutrality, Internet neutrality, or net equality) is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally, not discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication. If you don't allow it to happen then from where should the innovation and smart cities come from, within the country. No more "license raj" please !!
0 0 Today! We use internet for almost everything. It is powerful tool to gain knowledge on various fields. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access.  We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately and don't want separate licenseWe WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having  to pay more for it separately. It is powerful tool and Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 The internet needs to remain a non-discriminatory, non-partisan, with unfettered and non-differential access based platform for all. It is a fundamental right of every person to be complete neutrality with a level playing field for access/posting/search/download/expression without any differential charge/promotion of one over the other or any such differentiation with respect to access to sites/links/material with the only exception being grave cases/dangers to the national security of India.
0 0 we dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. we dont want telcos controlling what we access on the internet.we want to access all of the internet for all of the people, all of the time and access to everything and not some select parts of the internet. we dont want licences for whatsap or any app we use
0 0 There shouldn't be any discrimination to the sites users visit. All sites have to be accessible for the amount of data pack we buy. We do not want telecom companies to interfere with our choices. That is against liberty and against constitution.
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality in it's original form and don't want social media / e-commerce /big organizations to redefine it for their benefits. 1) We should be able to access anything, anytime without having to pay more for it seperately. 2) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 3) We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 4) We don't want licencing of WhatsApp or any other app we use.
0 0 Imagine you are in a post Apocalyptic world. There is creed for food everywhere. Some people have decided to give full stomach meal from their food storage, but to the highest money they receive. Others, they have to wait if any food gets left. Yes Telcos, this is similar to you guys giving higher bandwidth, and even free access to some websites. It will not only end the Innovation,but will seriously make the young generations lazy. Please,keep the original net neutralityand please,save internet
0 0 First of all i really font want any govt official who doesn't even know how to operate a mobile phone to grant licenses to companies and we really don't want to pay for the bribes the companies will have to give to that official to get a license and we really want the actual #NetNeutrality and not the net neutrality offered by the telecom operators.I dot want to pay differently for diff services that i access on the internet i will only pay the sum i usually pay to my internet provider.
1 0 freedom:the state of not being imprisoned or enslaved. Tomorrow marks the day of independence.Lets have Happy Internet Independence for the people of country.So that everyone can access anything on internet.Let's not allow telecom companies to decide our choices.
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
1 0 1) We should be able to access anything, anytime without having to pay more for it seperately. 2) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 3) We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 4) We don't want licencing of WhatsApp or any other app we use.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6.WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on Internet NET NEUTRALITY
0 0 I want #NetNutriality.Its my right.I want complete freedom over entire internet.I don't want the telephone companies to define i we can access on the internet.Telecom companies should not define net neutrality. I do not want to pay for apps and videos. citizens should have the right to access everything on the internet. I shall decide the content I am supposed to be watching on the internet and not the government
0 0 Citizens needs COMPLETE   A to Z access to Internet
0 0 we dont want net neutrality to be decided by telecom companies
0 0 we dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. we dont want telcos controlling what we access on the internet.we want to access all of the internet for all of the people, all of the time and access to everything and not some select parts of the internet. we dont want licences for whatsap or any app we use
0 0 Don’t allow Zero Rating, not even on a case-by-case basis Zero rating will encroach upon the bandwidth meant for the open Internet, decreasing its speed and increasing its price. The Govt should ensure that licensed spectrum is exclusively used to give open internet access to consumers, and not to sell consumers to big internet companies. There should be a complete ban on zero rating, not case-by-case approval.
0 0 Its high time now that the net neutrality scenario reaches an end. The internet is a perfect medium and it should not be snatched away from us by these money-sniffing people. Better to leave it free and not be charged by various telecom companies.
0 0 its our right. we want to access everything on internet without any extra charge
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every1
0 0 Internet is our Right and we should be able to access EVERYTHING on the internet without any extra charges. #NetNeutrality
0 0 sec ago 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every1
0 0 Net neutrality is my basic right. I need my net neutrality
0 0 1. Dont play with the emotion of people. People has elected the government for their wellfare. 2. We dont want coperates to govern our life or we dont want any one to tell what to access or what not to. 3.We want freedom to access information and nobody has a ridht to deny us. 4. Its a era of inovation and such step would be black spot to it and our "DEMOCRACY".
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every1
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6.WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
0 0 Net neutrality proposed in the present format is not acceptable to me. I want all the people to use net without any restrictions. No body should be charged separately for their usage. All the people should have equal access to all the content on the net without any discrimination.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every1
0 0 We don't want Net Neutrality. We want to access anything at anytime without paying for them individually.
0 0 .We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every one
0 0 each and every rule in draft book should be good and proper.
0 0 We don't want any telecom operator to control the usage of our internet
0 0 We want to be able to access all things on the Internet without having to pay separately. I am against the telcos governments proposition.
0 0 We want the real net neutrality, not something defined by the telecom companies we have right to access any website we want, and we should be able to do so without paying any extra charges.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every1
0 0 The National Book Promotion Policy should contain the publication and sale of Indian author books and also having reducing the cost of Technology books related to such as Robotics , advancement in Industrialization and innovation. The Books of Indian authors and also we should bring in policy the authors who are staying in INDIA and they write about technology and talking good about India should be facilitate and better understanding.
0 0 we want the real net neutrality where anybody can access anything on the internet without any difference in the sites
0 0 Telecom companies must not be given the rights to tell the public what to search and what not to search. The public must not be overcharged for the use. The government must not decide the content to be watched and what not to be watched . So i completely oppose the net neutrality
0 0 We don't want to pay differently to access different app and websites. We want to access everything freely not what the telecom companies want us to.we don't want the telcos to have such rights so as that they can infringe upon ours just because they want more profits when they clearly have too much already. We don't want them to control innovation in India .if they would charge differently it means that no new app or website would be able to thrive on their talent.We want India to develop more.
0 0 I do not want any control over what I can access on the internet, least of it by the telecom companies. No charging differently for different websites.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. They cannot charge differently for different websites & control the internet. 2. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. All the data on the internet should be treated equally & ALL content on the internet MUST be accessible to everyone for free. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality. 3. We don't want licensing for any apps we use. #NetNeutrality,#TRAI.
0 0 We want to access everything on the internet anytime and from anywhere. We don't want the telephone companies to define what we can access on the internet. Telephone companies shouldn't be allowed to charge differently for accessing different contents / websites. We do not want licenses for various applications available like whatsapp, viber etc
0 0 Telecom companies should not define net neutrality. I do not want to pay for apps and videos. citizens should have the right to access everything on the internet. I shall decide the content I am supposed to be watching on the internet and not the government. please do not let free will die like this.
0 0 We don't want to pay differently to access different app and websites. We want to access everything freely not what the telecom companies want us to.we don't want the telcos to have such rights so as that they can infringe upon ours just because they want more profits when they clearly have too much already. We don't want them to control innovation in India .if they would charge differently it means that no new app or website would be able to thrive on their talent.We want India to develop more
0 0 We don't want to be charged for what we want to see on the internet or how we wish to use it. Let net neutrality be actually how it is supposed to be rather than letting telcos give a new definition to it.
0 0 License Raj was abolished way back and now please don't come up with new ideas.As a citizen or rather netizen I have full right to see whatever I wish on the internet without paying extra for it!please think for the welfare of the people.if u start licencing the apps them ,they will recover the same from common people and India won't develop as fast as required and the credit will go to you all..so please don't change the definition of net neutrality.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. They cannot charge differently for different websites & control the internet. 2. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. All the data on the internet should be treated equally & ALL content on the internet MUST be accessible to everyone for free. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality. 3. We don't want licensing for any apps we use. #NetNeutrality,#TRAI.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for VoIP apps like Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. #NetNeutrality
0 0 We don't want to pay differently to access different app and websites. We want to access everything freely not what the telecom companies want us to.we don't want the telcos to have such rights so as that they can infringe upon ours just because they want more profits when they clearly have too much already. We don't want them to control innovation in India .if they would charge differently it means that no new app or website would be able to thrive on their talent.We want India to develop more
0 0 Net neutrality should not be defined by service providers
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 We want to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately.
0 0 Service providers should not define net neutrality. We want access to all websites at any time.
0 0 we dont want licenses for whatsapp,viber and others..and the net neutrality should be the way it is not defined by telcos.....
0 0 License Raj was abolished way back and now please don't come up with new ideas.As a citizen or rather netizen I have full right to see whatever I wish on the internet without paying extra for it!please think for the welfare of the people.if u start licencing the apps them ,they will recover the same from common people and India won't develop as fast as required and the credit will go to you all..so please don't change the definition of net neutrality.
0 0 we don't want licensing for whatsapp, vibe or any other such app that we use. we want to be able to access anything at any time without having to pay more for it separately. we want full access to any content on the internet.
0 0 The service providers are no one to decide what we can access over the internet. If there is someone to decide, its the government of India. If they want us not to access something which is harmful to us then its ok but the service providers should be stopped of their facism
0 0 The service providers are no one to decide what we can access over the internet. If there is someone to decide, its the government of India. If they want us not to access something which is harmful to us then its ok but the service providers should be stopped of their facism
0 0 We don't need rules implied by those telecom companies to make profit by slaughtering us, and as our govt want India to be developed and then you guys  put a price on development. think about it in rural areas still there is no internet connectivity and you are trying to charge us for each and everything. on one side you all talk about development and on the other side you want to put us in cage . A bird never learns to fly if it is lies in the nest all the time understand this.
0 0 Internet has given survival to many dependent and independent common people in terms of learning as well as earning basic necessities. So,We need freedom to access Internet to see whatever we want and whenever we want. You should not charge for that.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
0 0 With growing use of the internet in our daily lives, I want the govt to ensure that we have the right to access all sites, apps and everything else on the internet according to our personal choices that do not restrict any kind of internet usage that is especially governed by extra payments and data charges
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
0 0 we don't want licensing for whatsapp, vibe or any other such app that we use. we want to be able to access anything at any time without having to pay more for it separately. we want full access to any content on the internet.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
1 0 Respected Sir/ Madam, Net Neutrality is essential because as per the very we thought or definition it means able to surf,access or use anything available on net for free. Its a platform meant for sharing and using and to pay for knowledge and thoughts is not the future we want. So here is what we want: -free access to sites and internet or anything on it for free not defined by telecom operators. -able to utilize the stuffs on net for free,no monopolistic approach of the telecom operators
0 0 Being indian person i want full net neutrility which should not be defined by telecom operators but democratic people of india and also we should have access to everysite and not only which are free #netneutrility #democratic #county #happy #net #independence #day
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. #net_neutrality
0 0 being indian pepole we want 1. full Net neutrality means any user should able to access any thing on internet 2. no any licenceraj for Skype whats app and other social sites 3. net neutrility is choose by user not by service provider company 4. stop facebook internet org that is break the net neutrality 5.
2 0 Give the same law of NET NEUTRALITY which was adopted in USA.please treat all the data with equality. whether its a person or data ,the person/data (citizen / netizen ) should be treated equally ,our preamble of the constitution says that. do not make your TERMS AND CONDITIONS violate the CONSTITUTION.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
0 0 Dear govt on the day of Independence you want us to be slave to modern age invaders i.e telecom companies, i as young citizen still have my faith in our nations govt & believe it is in the right hands. my reasons #. We DON'T WANT teleco to control on internet. #. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. #. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps. #. So common people can have equal chance to opportunities
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
0 0 give the same law of NET NEUTRALITY which was adopted in USA.please treat all the data with equality. whether its a person or data ,the person/ data (citizen) should be treated equally ,our preamble of the constitution says that. do not make your TERMS AND CONDITIONS violate the CONSTITUTION. if you violate it, never call yourselves as indians or indian authorities .there should be no separate licensing for any website or mobile app. #NetNeutrality #equality #FundamentalRights #TRAI
0 0 We don't want net neutrality powered by telecom companies. We don't wish to pay separately for each app we use. we want real independence and freedom, not which is defined by shitty companies and uneducated politicians. Got it ? now make this happen if you need my vote for next elections.
1 0 Give the same law of NET NEUTRALITY which was adopted in USA.please treat all the data with equality. whether its a person or data ,the person/data (citizen / netizen ) should be treated equally ,our preamble of the constitution says that. do not make your TERMS AND CONDITIONS violate the CONSTITUTION. if you violate it, never call yourselves as indians or indian authorities .there should be no separate licensing for any website or mobile app.
1 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
1 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
1 0 We want actual net neutrality, that is access to every single website on the internet at no extra cost. We DON'T want telecom operators to define net neutrality for us. We DON'T want access to different websites at different speeds. We want EQUAL speed and free access to all these sites. We DONT want licensing for any of the applications such as Whatsapp, Facebook, Skype, Viber, etc. Please take this into consideration before making any decisions on the topic of net neutrality and licensi
0 0 Now a days, our youth read English books only. They feel ashamed to read books in native language. Every states should release suggestion list of good books in their native language every year (like books of the year). This should also be done on social media. So, youth will notice it, at least they will start feeling good about it. And also the authors will feel recognised.
0 0 in my area there is no library so.no library=no books
0 0 in my area there i no library so, no library=no books
2 0 We don't want net neutrality powered by telecom companies. We don't wish to pay separately for each app we use.
2 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
3 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6. WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control what we access on the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
1 0 We support net neutrality, we want to access websites we want to, we are against telecom companies deciding for us what to access on the internet. Internet has made huge penetration across the globe because it gave people freedom to access any website to any person. Please dont allow Telecom companies to colonise the Internet. We are free Individuals, and want freedom of choice.
1 0 .We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet #netnuetrality
0 0 We support net neutrality, we want to access websites we want to, we are against telecom companies deciding for us what to access on the internet. Internet has made huge penetration across the globe because it gave people freedom to access any website to any person. Please dont allow Telecom companies to colonise the Internet. We are free Individuals, and want freedom of choice.
0 0 I don't want the net neutrality defined by telecom companies.
0 0 people this is not our page for net neutrality the link is : https://mygov.in/group-issue/give-your-comments-or-suggestions-recommend...
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone! #NetNeutrality
0 0 give the same law of NET NEUTRALITY which was adopted in USA.please treat all the data with equality. whether its a person or data ,the person/data (citizen / netizen ) should be treated equally ,our preamble of the constitution says that. do not make your TERMS AND CONDITIONS violate the CONSTITUTION. if you violate it, never call yourselves as indians or indian authorities .there should be no separate licensing for any website or mobile app. #NetNeutrality #equality #FundamentalRights #TRAI
1 0 Please dont let telecom companies to decide what and how we use the net. It must be a thing that the users decide. Please dont ruin internet for us.
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI #MyGov
0 0 If our govt. Wants charges on internet then its ok.. ( for building a strong nation I am ready to give that amount). But there should be free access on internet except some harmful or bad websites..
0 0 I don't want the net neutrality defined by telecom companies. I just want the freedom to access anything on Internet without any discrimination. My Internet my right.
0 0 do not let telecom companies define the definition of net neutrality
0 0 This independence day i would like my have my freedom on internet.I dont want telecom companies to regulate my usage. i want access to what ever i need on internet without any conditions.i dont want licensing on those apps which you want to put licensing. #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy, #NBPP, #NationalBookPromotionPolicy, #DepartmentofHigherEducation, #MyGov#NetNeutrality #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia
0 0 I dont want net Neutrality definition of Telecom companies. we want to access everything,at any time on the internet without separately paying for it!
0 0 1.In library where we pay for initial membership, nt each time that you access and exchange book. 2. Telecom companies just need an excuse to rob people blind. They cannot charge separately for each and every site visit. 3. Hear out the people in this forum and act accordingly.
0 0 I don't want the net neutrality defined by telecom companies. I just want the freedom to access anything on Internet without any discrimination. U can't snatch our right to access anything on Internet
0 0 Good books at fair prices & permissible with the economy with a way to reach more masses(may be digitally).
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, you cant price tag it! 6.Internet is a huge library and let all generation enjoy it the way it should be, by just paying for initial membership and not each time
0 0 Net Neutrality is the right of each individual of India. It should mean that one can access EVERYTHING on the internet without any bias or throttling by ISP or Merchants. It should not be controlled by the licensing. True Democracy means an open internet. Let's not move backwards when India seems to progress forward! #NetNeutrality. #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy #NBPP #NationalBookPromotionPolicy, #DepartmentofHigherEducation #MyGov
0 0 We do not want net neutrality that is defined by telecom operators and social media giants like facebook, which suits their purpose. Users should be able to access any website at anytime with absolutely no extra charge imposed on them. Thanks! #NetNeutrality
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, you cant price tag it! 6.Internet is a huge library and let all generation enjoy it the way it should be, by just paying for initial membership and not each time
0 0 Net Neutrality is the right of each individual of India. It should mean that one can access EVERYTHING on the internet without any bias or throttling by ISP or Merchants. It should not be controlled by the licensing. True Democracy means an open internet. Let's not move backwards when India seems to progress forward!#NetNeutrality. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy, #NBPP, #NationalBookPromotionPolicy
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI #MyGov
0 0 we do NOT want net neutrality to be defined by telecom operators!!! every internet user should have access to anything on  internet !!!!! please do not impose what telecom operators want on us!!!  _/\_
0 0 net neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies! we DO NOT WANT the telecom companies to control what we access on the internet! we DO NOT WANT to be charged differently for different websites. we want ACCESS TO ALL OF THE INTERNT for all of the people all of the time! there should be NO LICENSING for whatsapp viber or as a matter of fact any other application! #netNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia #TRAI #MyGov
0 0 Net neuratilty is not for me or you, people open ur eyes and compare with the world..why do we stay behind in  this race of digital world.just because some people need money for their pocket!! people who work under these telecom companies are also WE "indian"  so better decide what we need for our selfs....SAVE INTERNET AND ATLEAST LET PEOPLE OF INDIA HAVE SOMETHING
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
0 0 We don't want the telecom companies to define net neutrality. We must able to access to which ever sites or apps we want to without paying extra. There should be no licencing for the social apps like WhatsApp and Viber. We want freedom over the complete internet. It is we who would decide what we would see or not..hope this comments are taken positively and the government takes the correct decision....
0 0 Net neutrality should be given to everyone and should not be defined on the basis of any telecom companies....they will suggest what is profitable for them ....i don't think that defines the word neutrality....everyone should be free to watch what they want and should be free to read what they want ...people and society should realise internet is a new platform for everyone specially youth...charging for different sites and different activities is something very insensible
0 0 Telecom companies should at no cost control the internet. No extra payments. No vested interests. Please save the internet !
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
0 0 Net neutrality should not be defined on the basis of any telecom companies ... People should be free to watch and browse whatever they like ...sites shouldn't  be charged separately .....society should realise the importance of net ...its a new platform for everyone specially youth...and anything which is good for our future should not be hindered
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
0 0 #NBPP: Another important thing is the preservation of books in the library. People enjoy reading a book in the physical form. But sometimes there is need for digitalization. There was a great library in ancient Alexandria containing many priceless books/scrolls. It was ravaged by a fire in 391 AD causing enormous loss to the mankind. Such incidents are rare, but we can not rule out the possibility. So the priceless books may be preserved in digital form also. We have to control plagiarism.
0 0 Licence for watsap calling viber or any other app should not be there
0 0 We dont want gov. Or telco to decide what we want to see And we want no one to charge us more for the services we want from internet Internet should be free for everyone
0 0 Net neutrality should be given to everyone and should not be defined on the basis of any telecom companies....they will suggest what  is profitable for them ....i don't think that defines the word neutrality....everyone should be free to watch what they want and should be free to read what they want ...people and society should realise internet is a new  platform for everyone specially youth...charging for different sites and different activities is something very insensible
0 0 We don't want telecom companies to define net neutrality. Licensing of apps like Whatsapp,viber etc should not be there. Also access to all the content on internet should be there for everyone without paying extra.
0 0 Its my right to choose what website app etc.not some telecom company can decide what i should watch and what i should not. Net neutrality is an attack on our freedom. Telecomcom companies for their vested interest are promoting it and government should not support such acts.
0 0 i don't want any telecom company to control what i do on internet. Internet was free and it should remain free. Its inventor didn't made it free so that some telecom companies control it and make money. It was made to connect each other and if it get regulated then what's the meaning of using internet................I want NET NEUTRALITY........
0 0 National Book Promotion Policy is a good thinking for our future.
0 0 Net-Neutrality at stake!! is one more scariest news. Each day, this much hyped developmental govt. is scaring us with new new dangerous news. My research works would get a huge break if I need to think many times before opening a website. Is the govt. simply against google? Don't understand the crooked mind of the fellow behind this illogical idea. The NDA govt. would be in huge trouble even before 2019 with such extreme decisions against the youth power upon whose strength, they came to power.
1 0 we dont want any licensed whatsapp viber skype anything..we want independence over use of internet
0 0 i dont want teleco's to control my internet..  please think as mature guys and i also request not to license watsup and viber kind of apps as we are paying for internet..
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge me money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia #TRAI #MyGov
0 0 we live in independent india.. then why this discrimination?? there should be neutrality over internet and no apps to be made licensed.. we will be celebrating our independence day tomorrow and need independence over the use of internet.. it is for the people of country and not for the profits of telecom industries...
0 0 I don't want telecom companies to control my internet rights.. I don't want net neutrality to decide which websites to access and pay according to it.!!!
1 0 India is free country,there is Right to freedom we have every right to choose.We don't want telecom company to define Net Neutrality based on their profit and loss.We don't WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps which we use.Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.
1 0 I am as a young citizen of India is completetly in favor of net neutrality. I don't want any software to be licensed for making calls on internet. On one side you say about 'Digital India' and on other hand you are trying to demolish the freedom of internet completely.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 NET NEUTRALITY should not be defined by telecom companies. Telco cannot control what we access or charge us differently for different websites. we want access to all of the content available on internet without paying separately.
0 0 NBPP: There is a saying: " 50% books written are never published, 50% books published are never bought, 50% books bought are never read & 50% books read are never understood." That was when people had reading habit. Now children are more busy in video games than with books. For promotion of books first we have to inculcate the reading habit since childhood. For this the role of parents & teachers is very important. There is no better thing in life than reading a good book.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control our internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free 6.WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, we WANT full access to any content on internet anytime
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 Plenty of other problems we as a nation have, can we please fix those first? WE DO NOT WANT NET NEUTRALITY, it's a THUMBS DOWN.
0 0 We don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies and nor we want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we useand we want access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 Sir we want there should not be licensing to the companies whats app viber and all others..there should not be barriers to net in any manner as its need.We don't want net neutrality like the telecom companies want we want to be able to choose how we need our internet to work
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. 6.WE DON'T WANT telecom operators to lecture us, WANT full access to any content on internet.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 NET NEUTRALITY should not be defined by telecom companies. Telco cannot control what we access or charge us differently for different websites. we want access to all of the content available on internet without paying separately.
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free for all users.
0 0 1.I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone! STOP INTERFERING!!
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 We don't want net neutrality like the telecom companies want we want to be able to choose houw we need our internet to work I DON'T want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 1-Don't take our freedom of Internet just b'coz telcos want to generate more revenue. 2-Telecom companies should not decide and define net neutrality for us. 3-I pay for data packet and that should be it for entire net, there shouldn't be any deviation. 4- I DON'T want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5- I don't want telecos to dictate us on Internet usage
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality like the telecom companies want we want to be able to choose how we need our internet to work
0 0 We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone
0 0 We want a neutral internet. Internet is the greatest invention of mankind and we sure as hell don't want it to be controlled by multi-billion dollar, greedy telecom corporations. Throughout the history, there can be found great amount of evidence of how mankind could progress further because the best inventions weren't controlled by greedy corporations but because they were available to everyone and equally. It's 21st century and the Internet is our right and we don't want to be deprived of it.
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT HAVING TO PAY MORE for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 We dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone!
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 This is NOT the net neutrality section GOTO below URL https://mygov.in/group-issue/give-your-comments-or-suggestions-recommend... THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!! THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!! THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!! THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!! THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 we need everyone to access everything. we do not want telecos restricting us what we do with the internet. everything must be equally charged and not different for the different sites. and we need no licences for the the apps!! C'mon we already passed those days and we dont want to get in that past licence system again!! please dont let this happen! #MyGov
0 0 We don't want telecom operators to control what we want to see on Internet.
0 0 We want real Net Neutrality and not something put forth by telecom companies.  Any person should be able to access any site at equal speed. All content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. We don't want to be charged for accessing certain websites. We don't want licensing for the apps we use. We want the freedom to access anything at anytime without having to pay for it. #WeWantNetNeutrality #NetNeutrality
0 0 we don't want "NET NUTRALITY"  to be defined by the telecom companies.
0 0 we dont want net neutrality defined by telecom companies..we want to able to access all the internet at any time. we dont want to  be charged differently for accessing different websites. this is the real definition of net neutrality not the one which has been defined by telecom companies or by internet.org
0 0 Rather thn developing our net connectiin speed, which is far less thn such a developed countries like CHINA,USA,GERMANY etc. ,our tetecom companies still focus on increasing rates of mobile data plan, with some restrictions also,,so here a qustn is tht one side our PM talks about make in INDIA, and our telecom companies showing this kind if support....its my request to ho'ble PM that plz do right action on it..v r waiting fr "acche din".
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 Defination of net neutrality : The principle that Internet service providers should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source, and without favouring or blocking particular products or websites. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov
0 0 If I've  bought something (DATA) for myself after paying  for it...why would i let anyone else(govt.,telecom companies) decide what i SHOULD/SHOULDN'T DO with it
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber, Skype or any other app we use
0 0 We dont want the telecom companies to define net neutrality for their own profit. Everyone can access anything without any extra charge.
0 0 It will be attack on once freedom to express and speech if net neutrality is abolished.
0 0 don't let Telcos control the internet. It should be the choice of us to which site we want to access.
0 0 we want the net neutrality "THE ORIGINAL"one & not that defined by the telecom companies.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber, Skype or any other app we use
1 0 we want the net neutrality "THE ORIGINAL"one & not that defined by the telecom companies.
2 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use
1 0 Internet has become one of the key elements in today's world. Entrepreneurs earn because of their unique ideas and Internet. Now, these selfish Telecom companies want a share in their earnings too, that's why they have given a new definition to the Net Neutrality. 1. We want to access anything on the internet present on any website without getting any extra charges. 2. We don't want any licensing for apps as it would bring corruption in this field too and further financial burden on us.
2 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use
1 0 Please do not let telecom companies make money by letting them control on what we can access on Internet . Everything should be free Licensing is no longer supported so don't drag whatsapp viber etc into this tag ..
1 0 Net neutrality is our right.1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyo
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
1 0 "Kindly don't let Telcos control the internet. It should be the choice of us to which site we want to access. Don't let telcos decide which app/website should be accessible for free. They should charge for bandwidth like the way they are doing, but should not make any website free to surf, as it would stop the innovation & growth of our country. Rich will get richer & poor will be poorer! "
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 The definition of 'Net Neutrality' must NOT be dictated by ANY of the telecom companies, or by IT giants such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc. We want Net Neutrality to be defined as the Ability to access any content on the internet at the same speed. We must be able to access EVERYTHING on the internet at the same surfing speed without any kind of discrimination. We must be able to download any content without lack of download speed.
0 0 Concur with views below: 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 1 Net neutrality should not be there.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We want to be able to access anything,at any time,without having to pay more for it separately We don't want licensing for Whatsapp,Viber or any other app we use.
0 0 I want to access to whatever I decide to watch, read or connect to and not someone else deciding it for me. I want my freedom to choose what I want!
0 0 Charging extra for a few sites is not fair. It will just benefit a few telecom giants and add unnecessary expenses to almost each and every persons mobile bill
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 Don't bring back license raj. Stop playing games with the citizens of this country.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp or for any other app.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 We want real net neutrality. We don't want license system for any app. We want to use net the way it is now.please consider.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 We don't want to be charged separately to access different websites on the Internet. We want access to everything on the internet without any discrimination or separate charge. We don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. Sincere urge to the #TRAI and #DoT
0 0 Everyone should have access to EVERYTHING on internet..  we dont want any new definition of net neutrality for telcos. no licensing for whatsapp and other apps should be issued. every content on Internet should be accessible by each and every person without any charges.
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
0 0 The internet should remain the way it is currently and no alteration in the definition of net neutrality should be allowed
0 0 The internet is free and should remain that way. We demand net neutrality as per it's original definition.
0 0 THE INTERNET IS FREE AND SHOULD BE THAT WAY AND THAT WAY ONLY
0 0 Books of Indian classic authors such as rabindranath tagore and modern literary author such as  jumpa lahiri should be made compulsory in school each year as a subject and books such as wuthering heights and charles dickens' books should be replaced by books of eminent indian authors whether be classic or modern.
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be def1. We DON'T Want to defined by any telecom company. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. We WANT to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
0 0 The internet is free and should remain that way. We demand net neutrality as per it's original definition. No corporation should have the power to decide what is accessible on the internet and what is not. I do not support any tampering or controlling of what content is viewable and what is not by anyone other than the end user. We want NetNeutrality!
0 0 Every book should have it’s reader and every reader should have his book. Any person who stops learning is OLD. – Henry Ford I cannot live without Books. – Thomas Jefferson In education the centre point should be a student and not education. – Jean Jacques Rousseau Quality books like jonathan livingston seagull,  and the Auto biography or Biography of people like Mahatma Gandhi should be promoted to Learn Life oriented Lessons. And to promote Life Oriented Education Warm Regards #NBPP
0 0 Please promote public Libraries to read such quality books. Warm regards #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be def1. We DON'T Want to defined by any telecom company. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. We WANT to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 The job of telecom company is to transfer data so let the telecom company care about data charges only. Which websites I want to access should not be their business and they should not be allowed on control this thing in any manner.
1 0 The internet is free and should remain that way. We demand net neutrality as per it's original definition. No corporation should have the power to decide what is accessible on the internet and what is not. I do not support any tampering or controlling of what content is viewable and what is not by anyone other than the end user. We want NetNeutrality!
0 0 Every book should have it’s reader and every reader should have his book. Any person who stops learning is OLD. – Henry Ford I cannot live without Books. – Thomas Jefferson In education the centre point should be a student and not education. – Jean Jacques Rousseau Quality books like jonathan livingston seagull,  and the Auto biography or Biography of people like Mahatma Gandhi should be promoted to Learn Life oriented Lessons. And to promote Life Oriented Education Warm Regards
0 0 Come on. we do not want telecom operators to just deleberately take away our independence..!! We don't want to pay mone for whatsapp or facebook apps.come on. do not be nuts. we want net neutrality. if there is no independence in internet then stop celebrating independence day every year cause n one is really interested to see some bald headed man hosting flag over red fort on youtube. that also by paying money #net_neutrality
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 We want NetNeutrality. We don't want telecom company to define net neutrality. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning #NetNeutrality.
0 0 We do not need telecom companies dictating what we can view on Internet. Complete freedom is our right. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the internet. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible and free to everyone. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. Please keep the internet as it is now.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
1 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 We do not want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom companies We do not want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet Kindly adopt the actual NET NEUTRALITY!
0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be def1. We DON'T Want to defined by any telecom company. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. We WANT to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 We do not need telecom companies dictating what we can view on Internet. Complete freedom is our right. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the internet. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible and free to everyone. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. Please keep the internet as it is now.
0 0 I meant progess.
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. We don't want to pay separately for each and everything on the internet. Only service of the internet should be charged at a reasonable price. The people can't afford for licensing each and every website. So please adopt NET NEUTRALITY'S actual meaning, then only the nation will process.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 We do not need telecom companies dictating what we can view on Internet. Complete freedom is our right. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the internet. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible and free to everyone. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. Please keep the internet as it is now.
0 0 We do not need telecom companies dictating what we can view on Internet. Complete freedom is our right. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the internet. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible and free to everyone. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. Please keep the internet as it is now.
0 0 1.Net Neutrality SHOULD NOT BE defined by Telecom Companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone.
0 0 1. I DO NOT WANT telecom companies to define net neutrality. 2. I DO NOT WANT telecom companies to access what I want to access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites or applications on the Internet 3. I WANT TO be able to access anything at anytime on the Internet without having to pay separately for it. 4. I DO NOT WANT lisencing for whatsapp, viber Skype, etc. 5. Free access to all the content on Internet. 6. Keep the internet free from telecos
0 0 . We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/ applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 a. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. b. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they cannot charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. c. We don't mind paying for the service. However, there must be a simple, logical rationale behind the pricing. d. We want total net neutrality in its widest meaning and licensing..there should not be any limit / condition / restriction for using internet.
0 0 we want freedom. We do not need telcos dictating what we can view on Internet. complete freedom is our right
0 0 -free internet no hidden charges or any charge for viewing the site by the telecom operator. -no charges on viop calls. -please keep the internet as it is now -and mostly no Net Neutrality.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 We don't mind paying for the service. However, there must be a simple, logical rationale behind the pricing. Why can't we just charge on the basis of "bytes" consumed? Don't we pay by the "units" for the electricity regardless of the device being used? Hope that the stakeholders would understand and appreciate this REASONABLE need of the customers, model their framework around it, rather than trying to betray the common sense in the name of sophistication!
0 0 We want total net neutrality in its widest meaning .... there should not be any limit / condition / restriction for using internet; We do not want any interference or imposition in this regard by any company or agency.
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by any telecom company. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone
0 0 I'm totally against it!! We all keep d rights for net neutrality..!! We want 2 access anythng we wnt witj our net pack witjout paying additional charges for some social networking sites. Please do take some action against it! N stop it!!
0 0 We do not need telcos dictating what we can view on Internet. complete freedom is our right
0 0 we don't want ant any third party involvement over what should be accessed and what not, net neutrality should not be changed by some companies or organisation to benefit them so save internet and leave it as it is, do not modify term neutrality.
0 0 We do not need telcom Comonies dictating what we can view on Internet.
0 0 We do not need telcom Comonies dictating what we can view on Internet. Please do not let them change the defiantion of net neutrality.
0 0 As citizens of Democratic India we want our voices to be heard. Tomorrow being the independence day we want freedom from our telecom operators who decides what is to be surfed what has not to be. We want proper net neutrality which simply means each and everyone should be able to access anything anytime without paying extra for what the telecom operators decide.
1 0 We don't want net neutrality defined by telecom companies, we want to be able to access anything anytime, without having to pay anything separately, we want the real net neutrality. #mygov
0 0 I don't want net neutrality. As per I am living in free country, I want to feel free to access everything.
0 0 Dear gov , We dont want net neutrality composed by telecom companies . I m citizen of india n i need full access to internet without anyone interrupting my freedom of surf . Aint we thugged enough that now telecom companies r going after our back charging us even for sites which r free to them We need no license for apps likes whtsapp ,viber. So i kndly request u to please include Net surfing in our freedom of rights
0 0 Dear gov , We dont want net neutrality composed by telecom companies . I m citizen of india n i need full access to internet without anyone interrupting my freedom of surf . Aint we thugged enough that now telecom companies r going after our back charging us even for sites which r free to them We need no license for apps likes whtsapp ,viber. So i kndly request u to please include Net surfing in our freedom of rights
0 0 Dear gov , We dont want net neutrality composed by telecom companies . I m citizen of india n i need full access to internet without anyone interrupting my freedom of surf . Aint we thugged enough that now telecom companies r going after our back charging us even for sites which r free to them We need no license for apps likes whtsapp ,viber. So i kndly request u to please include Net surfing in our freedom of rights
0 0 There should be freedom to use whatever site one wants to any telecom company should not define the sites.neither should there be any licensing for what app/viber it's like instead of moving forward u are taking a step back.we want real net neutralityits like allowing to use encyclopaedia till certain page then u have to pay for further usage.
0 0 I am writing this to say that the government should not get confused with the false net neutrality ,I don't want any telecom companies to put any license on watsapp Viber or any other, they should not put extra and different charges for different sites I should be able to visit whatever site I want at whatever time for everything there is in the internet
0 0 We don't want net neutrality defined by telecom companies, we want to be able to access anything anytime, without having to pay anything separately, we want the real net neutrality
0 0 SO FAR PSEUDO HISTORIAN HAS MANIPULATED THE TRUE HISTORY OF INDIA. THIS IS BECAUSE LACK OF INTEREST IN BOOKS READING. THE NEW NBPP SHOULD GIVE PRIME IMPORTANCE TO THE TRANSLATION OF THE  BOOKS LIKE VEDAS,UPANISHADS AND THE BIOGRAPHY OF FREEDOM FIGHTERS AND PATRIOTS. TO ACHIEVE THIS TARGET ESTABLISH PRIMARY READING ROOMS IN PANCHAYATH LEVEL . THE EXISTING READING ROOMS AND LIBRARY SHOULD BE UPDATED WITH NEW BOOKS AND CONNECTED IN INFIBNET. DR.C.DILEEP,ASST PROF, S.D.COLLEGE,ALAPPUZHA. KELALA.
0 0 We want to access internet and all apps that require internet at anytime anywhere anyplace using any medium without paying anything extra for it internet is everyones ryt today and it should be given to everyone not one who pay more don't give licenses to big companies like Whatsapp n facebokk n all those for their app Common public should decide their fate and Internet's fate not telecom providers We don't want British raaj again common peoples views should get importance
0 0 We don't want net  neutrality defined by telecom companies, we want to be able to access anything anytime, without having to pay anything separately, we want the real net neutrality
0 0 Dear My gov. i am writing to request for our govt policy regarding net neutrality .right now i am working under indian governments ambitious project i.e NOFN national optical fibre network which will be the foundation and strong pillar of strenth towards digital india . As i said indian govt has already been reaching to each and every gram panchyat of india 250000 . if there is no real net neutrality we are seeking ;purpose of that visionary digital india wont be fullfilled.
1 0 we don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies we want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. WE WANT REAL NET NEUTRALITY. Not something which is defined by telecom companies and facebook
2 0 we don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies we want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. WE WANT REAL NET NEUTRALITY.
2 0 stop being a dictatorsip government and work lke a rational human being for the equality of all the people and not for benefit of few "people and Organisation". and don't have new and complex defnations to distract people. stop unnecessary licensing and regulation WE WANT REAL NET NEUTRALTY not defined by telecom regulators. we want real net neutrality not the one defined by the telecom companies. we want to access everything equally we don't want to pay saprately to access different websit
2 0 we want real net neutrality not the one defined by the telecom companies. we want to access everything equally. we don't want to pay saprately to access different website and apps. save the internet.
1 0 Digital India does not require Net Neutrality... Please stop this
2 0 We want real net neutrality. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.. We want freedom on internet..Please stop telecom companies to rule the internet
2 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge for accessing the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 0 We Want Real Net Neutrality, not some watered down telecom definition.You can't charge us differently for accessing different websites.We don't want licensing for whatsapp,viber or any other apps we use.#NetNeutrality
0 0 stop being a dictatorsip government and work lke a rational human being for the equality of all the people and not for benefit of few "people and Organisation". and don't have new and complex defnations to distract people. stop unnecessary licensing and regulation WE WANT REAL NET NEUTRALTY not defined by telecom regulators.
0 0 We want real net neutrality. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
0 0 I really dont understand when its so obvious what people want and why the hell government still having discussion and decision making meetings? Isn't so obvious that we want to access everything anything in internet with net neutrality. Are they so dumb to understand this or crooked to manipulate this?
2 0 We Want Real Net Neutrality, not some watered down telecom definition.You can't charge us differently for accessing different websites.We don't want licensing for whatsapp,viber or any other apps we use.#NetNeutrality
0 0 Dear government, if you really care about the people of India and their suggestions then please let us have NET NEUTRALITY (in its real sense and not the NET NEUTRALITY defined by telecom companies). We wish to access all the websites without having to pay anything extra. Please do not issue any kind of licensing formalities for apps like Whatsapp, Skype, Viber, etc. Make the internet equal for all. #NetNeutrality
0 0 We want the real definition of net neutrality. We don't want telecom companies regulate what we want to access or not. Make internet equal for all. We do not want liscenses for watsapp, viber etc.
0 0 We want the real definition of net neutrality. We don't want telecom companies regulate what we want to access or not. Make internet equal for all. #NetNeutrality
0 0 We want the real definition of net neutrality. We don't want telecom companies regulate what we want to access or not. Make internet equal for all. #NetNeutrality
0 0 We want Net Neutrality and the real net neutrality,we do not want telcos controlling what to be accessed on the internet, we do not want liscenses for watsapp, viber etc.
0 0 we want net neutrality i mean real net neutrality. we dont want licenses for whatsapp viber.
0 0 govt. should have one online library for school level and higher level studies books so people easily can find required books soft copy, download or read online #MyGov
0 0 In the schools every year we spent a huge money on curriculum books of children. Even if, there are siblings in same school, the parents are forced to purchase new books. The NBBP should encourage the re usability of old books by making provision for the school libraries (even for private schools) to store the school curriculum books and rental may be charged for its usage by students. This would be a great step towards greener and happier India.
0 0 We want net neutrality, we do not want telecos to control or access the internet , we do not want liscenses for whatsapp or any other apps ...
1 0 We want Net Neutrality and the real net neutrality,we do not want telcos controlling what to be accessed on the internet, we do not want liscenses for watsapp, viber etc.
0 0 1. Local book donation drives should be run every 6 months. 2. E-books are great resources and could play a major role in revolutionizing the way education is imparted and improving the reading habits. A campaign in synchronization with digital India should be run so that e-books could be implemented with ease. 3. Banning of literature should be reduced to a minimal. When you read books you disagree with, you open your mind and change your perspective which is quintessential to reading!
1 0 We want Net Neutrality and the real net neutrality,we do not want telcos controlling what to be accessed on the internet, we do not want liscenses for watsapp, viber etc.
3 0 DEAR GOVERMENT, if our suggestion really matters, then I want NET NEUTRALITY. Means reak NET NEUTRALITY. I don't want to pay for different sites for different price. Please do not make VOIP services licensed. I am already paying a lot.
3 0 DEAR SIR, IF OUR SUGGESTIONS REALLY MATTERS THEN WE WANT NET NEUTRALITY, AND THE REAL NET NEUTRALITY NOT SOME WATERED DOWN , COMPROMISED, TELCO-FRIENDLY DEFINATION. WE DONT WANT TO PAY DIFFERENTLY FOR DIFFERENT APPS.
0 0 Sir, most cities & big towns have regional / district libraries. However, their patronage is dwindling to mostly senior citizens and regulars. The upkeep of these libraries, lighting, knowledgeable staff, digitising books have to be taken up. Once digitised, books can be made available online for registered users. All schools and colleges should be encouraged to use local public libraries with one hour every evening set aside only for students. Patrons can also sponsor books and CD's.
1 0 we create a new platform for new authors by giving apprehension to their skills . writing,way of thinking . knowledge is best way to judge the correct views that should written by an author ..n our country should try to focus on Hindi ...n try to wrote Hindi books maximum in quantity ...
1 0 To promote the studying of our ancient Indian scriptures, treatise and systems as it is through facilitating libraries and faculty to learn classical languages Sanskrit and Tamil.
0 0 Sir, I am the follower of RSS and BJP from my childhood,from Thiruvanathapuram, now I settled in Delhi and I am 45 years old. Sir,This year we have face very unforgettable loss with the sad demise of great Abdul Kalam ji which nobody can fill.  But, sir you have already may so much steps which everybody must appreciate.  Now I request you to make some steps to strengthen our School Children which APJ always dreams.  You can launch Mobile app/TV channel 24 hours so that students can interact
0 0 We can organise a competition for the newly published books on readership and opinion and awards given to the winning books. There can be of a variety of segments like children, drama, fiction, scientific, Information Technology etc. Each segment can have 1st, Second and third positions. When this system is implemented, there can be added enthusiasm for new writers and will have a feel that they are getting rewarded and that feel will make them encouraged we get more creations from them.
0 0 The common publishing platform can have tie-ups with Google and other service providers to have their advertisement displayed and the revenue generated may be used for the maintenance of the site and the surplus - with some incentives may be paid to the authors to their respective accounts. The hurdle of publishing a book for new writers can be solved thus. Once, the platform get familiarised, more and more readers get attracted and more visits and revenue generated.
0 0 I think the culture of reading books should be established from the primary schools. Government can establish small libraries for public schools with some good books concentrating children. We should encourage writers to come up with books concentrating children and youth to drag their attention. Above all schools should allot some time during school hours to read books other than their syllabus. Encouraging writing, speech and Poetry competitions can also indirectly contribute to read books.
0 0 We should have provision for new writers publishing their works and a common platform for criticism of new and existing books. The common platform (Site)should be made available to all and a moderator should be there to watch the activities and censor unwarranted comments and criticism. The books can be published on line to reduce the cost. The data entry of books can be made by the writers themselves and the cover pages designed by them. The site publishes to read / download the book.
0 0 We have plenty of books - both ancient and modern ranging from the Vedas to Mimics. We need set up a policy for digitizing all the books available in our country and make a common pool of libraries and make it available online. Some of the books are Manuscripts, some on palm leaves and some partly ruined. We must save them by putting them on an information system of libraries. The complete books can be made available in full and partly ruined books on an "as is" basis to preserve them.
0 0 Government should make available the books for preparation of iit,aiims like institutes in online pdf format for those who cant afford costly coachings and living in small villages Also try to digitaize the education system as much as possible
0 0 Respected Sir In this digital Era when the people have tablets,  mobile phone et al the reliance on book is decreasing so to promote it one has to inculcate the ethics nd other benefits like health which our digital assistant lacking
0 0 Books for children in regional languages should be entertained by the centre. School libraries should be given thrust. Every week should have a reading class, library session that should not be compromised.National level competitions should be held in reading, poetry contests should also be held on social issues catering to children.Drawing, sketching and designing should be given importance and much can be achieved by books.
1 0 promote constitution of india...
0 0 promote e-book readers & free e-books with plans like project gutenberg
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Sir, Please declare Bhagavadgita as our National Book and include it in school/college level syllabus selecting specific chapters for each class right from 1st class. This gives the right perspective on life right from childhood and the brutal things which we are seeing in our country will eventually subside i feel through this kind of spiritual education. Just learning technical education without spiritual one is in vain. Please think about this sir...Thanks
0 0 sir this is me ankit harsh age 24 working in pvt ltd firm ...sir I would like to make you aware and want you to make something or make rule or law which declare Hindi the official language and to be be made compulsory at level of government working applicable to each and every state of India whether states belonging to south  or east part of India and speech on Independence day must cover some strict actions on the misbehaving or eve teasing of girls and ladies in our country
0 0 I think up to Class 8th there should be common syllabus instead of 10th as in Present.From 9th Class there should be Syllabus as per specification. I think that there is need to give more focus on technical education instead of CA,CS,CMA,MBA,LLB. Because these people doing nothing, only Translating laws made by Government. Government is busy in making Laws and these people are earning a huge money by Translating these laws. Government should minimize the laws. This will make Business simple
3 0 Dear Sir/Madam, Our honourable Prime Minister Mr. Narendera Modi and his team focusing to digitalize India and all its government related services, With respect to this initiative We all people request you to launch Free E-paper of Employement News paper. By this way we will be able to spread this e-paper to everyone so that each person get the e-paper and apply accordingly for all jobs/admissions. Apart from this, Kindly also put online payment option to subscribe for Hard copy.
2 0 My idea or suggestion to create, improve and develop reading practice and make available and accessible of our ancient scriptures in its original version with all its significance.
0 0 novel reading should be incorporated in school syllabus to increase the reading habits among students and examination should be conducted and marks should be awarded under extra curricular activity
2 0 I propose a policy initiative to popularise book readership and hence book publishing by assisting local NGO's in every town who open "free book library" to all the citizens, just like Rotary Anjar is doing. An annual grant should be made available for such free libraries via local governing bodies, these grants should be used only to make good books available for purchase to these organisations every year. this will encourage readership and also seed a social change.
1 0 Anti development party like congress and its supporters are not thinking about 120 crores of INDIAN instead they are thinking of narrow gain.GOD save them from growing frustration among people by their conduct in parliament .
2 0 In respect to Book promotion policy, I want to suggest that, The person who are doing research in various subject, the thysis prepared by hard working, the analysis of various issues of reaserch proved with supporting evidences, and such thysis approved by the panel of expert. The material prepared for reaserch, it should be published in public, for which the financial and infratructural help should be provided to the writer of book, so , that the knowledge or reaserch can be shared in public.
2 0 1.CALL STUDENTS TO SHOW HIGH MORAL VALUE TOWARDS GIRLS AND TAKE INDIA VERY HIGH RESEARCH WORKS 2. CALL FARMER TO BUILD THERE HOUSE WITH TOILET FACILITY IN MNREGA WORKS. 3.CALL BUSINESS CLASS TO SET UP E EDUCATION FACILITIES IN VILLAGE SCHOOL 4.CALL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES TO TO DO THEIR BEST 5.CALL OPPOSITION TO CO OPERATE IN DEVELOPMENT WORK 6.CALL DEFENCE SERVICES TO SHARE THEIR VIEWS IN COLLEGE SO MORE TALENTED COME UP TO JOIN SERVICES 7.IMPROVE BANKING SERVICE STILL IN WORST CONDITION
1 0 Govt should have a top level committee to hold permissions for publishing a book. With out this committee green signal books should not be published. This should have reporting hierarchy in each language. This should suppress the books which talks negative about our culture, false message spreading books so that the right information is reaching the people. This should be applicable for all media
0 0 If all the states initiate a limited time project and employ the unemployed youth to digitize of what is available, this should start as a quick national pool of books and can be taken it further. This can create some employments and also general awareness about preserving the books. I see lot of people asking for the old books, poems online and wish they could have it.
0 0 1. Parents and schools should encourage the kids to read books and limit the use of computers. 2. Text to speech options for use by physically challenged. 3. Translation applications can be used to convert the books into different languages and which can be verified by language experts in the next level. 4. District level libraries should be well equipped and encourage people to participate(in US public volunteer, for library services like readings books for kids,cleaning etc)
1 0 1. National level integrated website, where competitions are held, books can be written on different aspects/subjects, in different languages, published, registered and also sell by authors and get patents. This can be monitored by state level departments (private or public) with language experts, subject experts. This will encourage people to participate. 2. Digitization of old books for easy access and references which can be made available with a minimal fee or for free.
0 0 Sir , you are requested to replace the national anthem by national song  " VANDE MATARAM ".   Because the national anthem is prepared by Rabindra Nath Tagore to glorify the King George V at Delhi Durbar in 1911. If we promote it deliberately so this is more disgusting to become Bhartiya.
0 0 PM Sir, In the present circumstances of the India's condition and the behaviour of the Politicians, M.Ps & MLAs, the foremost necessasity is to  Dissolve the Parliament and all Legislative Assemblies & clamp down President's Rule & You will takeover the ccomplete administration of India with Military Rule & try to implement all improvement measures with the help of a few Selected Loyal Gentlemen of utmost integrity & run the country for the next 10 years & develop India like Singapore. Ramani
0 0 Good literature should be available to all sections of students be it rural/urban. For this small libraries can be started with the help of MPs and MLAs funds for that region. The library should have biographies of our national heroes,regional language books,English books and also books that inculcate moral values in our children. Such books can also be made a part of curriculum and language teachers should encourage kids to read a lot. Children should also be encouraged to read newspapers daily
0 0 Honable Prime Minister; Republic of India. Dear Sir,Please increase width of Chicken neck Area(Siliguri corridor)with cooperation of Nepal,Bhutan,Bangladesh.Also connect Nepal,Bhutan,Bangladesh and hole north east by Indian railway.Complete Rishikesh to Mana railway line on urgent basis.
0 0 Honable Prime Minister; Republic of India. Dear Sir,In rural area in our country transport infrastructure and police system management is very poor please improve this.Developed indian industry in the field of-Aerospace,Photography,Defence,Electronics and VLSI,Telecommunication,Heavy Ship technology,equipment drilling in deep ocean,supercoputing and atomic energy.
0 0 To improve the book reading habit-The CBSE syllabus should have a list of 30 to 40 recommended books for different classes. hese should be made available in the school/class library.The language teachers should take it upon themselves to ensure that each student reads a min of 4 books/year.This can be done via holiday assignments,book debates during class,having a book club at school etc.Any change brought about at the level of students,in my opinion,will be the easiest and last the longest
1 0 DECLARE NATIONAL BOOK DONATION DAY when all students who are passouts of any academic or competitive exam will donate all their books to BOOK-BANK to be established in every nook and corner of country. Lots of books are lying in everyone's home and remain there till his death, but are never donated to needy. RE-START the habit of book gifts on birthdays. The biggest casualty of electronic age is BOOK READING HABITS. Now children remain hooked to net, computers but dont like books.
0 0 #NBPP should be designed in promoting new generation writers besides publication entrepreneurship. Please start an incubation centre for young entrepreneurs under the aggies of NBT, so that we could prepare many good publishing houses.
0 0 #DepartmentofHigherEducation,Science and Engineering Colleges,IITs , institutions should install solar power system and produce power even for smaller usage like garden,corridor or street lighting. Encourage the use of Energy saving LED lighting in the premise. College/institute accreditation or certifications may consider it as one of the criteria for assessment.
1 0 1)An online portal for e-learning from basics to higher level(1st standard to 12th NCERT ebooks,Higher education(B.Tech,MBBS,BA.LLB,BFT,BDes,BA etc) 2) E-books should be promoted.The document uploaded here is a scanned document.Instead of that a typed pdf version would be better. 3)A monitoring committee should be formed to evaluate and access the implementation of the policy.Committee should have adequate representation from student community as well. 4)Tie-up with leading ecommerce ventures
0 0 Sir my i 2 suggestions 1:reading habit develop  school level.how? Sir,every week 1 to 2 day compulsory min 1hr choose any one subject  read books 2:sir u r gram sansad scheme joint the this NBPP.
1 0 a national and state level e library shall be created.
1 0 distribute books relating to the same among members ,conduct seminars,debates on current issues pertaining to the subject conduct competitions and give books as prize to winners.Libraries can also lend books to others with the consent of readers.reading club activities can be made through social media .In case of libraries in cities premium class members shall be encouraged to buy books for a rural library.We can launch a donate a book campaign to donate unused books to nearby library.Moreover
1 0 Sir The attempt to revive reading is the need of the hour.There are many villages without libraries and those existing are in poor form.Reading clubs shall be activated.Libraries shall offer premium membership and these members shall subscribe a newspaper /periodical/buy books for the library.The provision for buying second hand books can be considered for running a low cost library.Reading club members shall celebrate each month with a specified topic like science ,literature etc and
0 0 NAMASTE,IN MAN KI BAAT ONE POINT YOU MAY PLEASE TALK ON THE FOOD HABITS AND HEALTH OF THE PEOPLE FOR BETTER NATION BUILDING.IN KERALA THE CANCER PATIENT AND RELATED DISEASE INCREASING IN AMONG CHILD ALSO.SECOND ONE IS TO AVOID THE GM SEED USAGE,PROTECT OUR NATURAL VARIETIES AND HUMAN BEINGS
0 0 #15thAugust Sir I would suggest certain topics which I would like to speak on this independence day.{1}Achievements of swatch bharat abhiyaan {2}Achievements of MAKE IN INDIA {3} THE MOST IMPORTANT usefulness of new LAND ACQUISITION BILL and its objectives + its benifits {4} Progress in INDIAN economy and INDIAN market. {5} next upcoming plans.and last {6} terrorists entering my mother land. THANK YOU SIR FOR GIVING ME CHANCE TO EXPRESS MY VIEWS AND GIVE SUGGESTIONS JAI HIND!!!!!
1 0 The Government or Govt. funded libraries are in a bad state as of now. Hardly anybody visits libraries these days. There should be a provision for promotion of books thro' these libraries. The govt. shall organize camps, social events in order to achieve this. Rest, Digital India movement is itself taking the IT revolution to the next level so people find it easier to read the books on their handsets.
1 0 Books and reading are a key area where digitalization can help our country immensely. Cheap hand held devices (similar to Kindle), can be used in libraries, which provide a large collection of books at a fraction of a cost. While this may have some issues related to lending, for which a solution can be figured. Saves cost of buying and maintaining hundreds of books for each library. A centralized pool of books can be shared across multiple locations
0 0 To reach every person books reach to. Every government offices and technical office to people and village s by government employees.
0 0 I think that government has opened a social library for any class of people. In the library those people who are interested in reading book they have to open the account in library with free of cost. government also takes all the docs of particular for future reference and gives them a book for reading and also takes feedback from them.gives the advertisement of library with the help of holdings in rural areas and other places.and appoint the instructor and they have to go the areas where literacy rate is below the threshold and incourage them.....
1 0 The introduction of "home library" is a paradigm move for the revolutionary change of national book promotion policy.
0 0 please do make e library containing access of Pan India Institutions,foreign universities and also make school as study centre after school hour having physical books.It shall benefit those  remote and rural areas too where no e facility available!!
0 0 e-library would be extremely beneficial both ways since it would not be that expensive and also  ..... If devices which are not that expensive can be given to students as part of their schooling, book promotions can automatically happen....Something like Raspberry PI of the Rasberry Pi foundation....
1 0 GO FOR E-LIBRARY CONCEPT
0 0 my suggestions in the pdf file
0 0 Dear sir, Now a days book reading by children is very less.due to online games,online books availability.we should set up electronic library rather than going for books library,s however The schools are 50% working days because so many bandhs.natural claimants let us give solution first for the same. If we go for central electronic liberary at parks near by schools it will be helpful.
2 0 Need to have a policy for promotion of books by new authors.
1 0 need to have platform to exchange books and views on books!
0 0 There should be a scholarship facility for Chartered Accountants students so that even poor student can pursue the course and fulfill the dream.
1 0 This is from personal Observance 1) Even Metro like mumbai does not have a sufficient Public Library. Atleast every major stations/town should have one Public library so that one need not to travel too far. 2) There are many provisions online to read Books but most of them are expensive. So the Affordable online Public library should be made where there may be a provison of bookmark and highlight, So that user can make effective use of it. 4)Governments Issues Yogna magazine on monthly basis they are very cheap and give good insights. Why not supplement it with technical fields. 5) Governemnt should make provison like 'Google Scholar' where one can see costly Research papers and can be able to explore the intricacies of ones interested subjects. 6) Most importantly in most of the part of India where there is an issue of power supply the public library can paly a significant role if provided with uninterrupted power supply. 7) As our Former prime minister said "At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the world sleeps, India will awake to life and freedom" have we ever given a thought to it . Why we have very few libraries which are opened for 24 hrs. 8)This is a sinscere request to HRD Ministry , Why the government  institution which conducts Competetive Exam do not come up with a specific book which cover every aspects of exam  like Gmat & Gre. Why we have to depends on some other irrelevant source and spends so much of money .
1 0 Pranam sir It's very necessary to women to be physically strong enough to protect herself on her won for that women have to learn marshal arts like things. If everyone has to learn something must and should it possible only in schools so mention in your speech that every school must provide training in marshal arts for the students. Schools are the basic foundation for children what ever learn in school we won't forget that
0 0 Kisan Ummeed or Kisan Hausle Buland HelpDesk should be aligned with Kisan Channel. Using communication technologies Farmer should get instant help. There should be SLA (service Level agreement) of 24 hours. If farmer get initial support from system. That shall increase the confidence of farmers and that shall give strength to fight the problems. They shall fight back and prosper.
0 0 We will be highly obliged if you share your views on moral policing in this independence speech. Will be glad to hear if you teach police of this country esp. Mumbai to try to vanish crime happening on roads openly instead raiding hotel rooms where many of them who were on their wish insyd rooms & enjoying their freedom of movement, residing and privacy. Please tell Mumbai police nt to breach our privacy and if case is of immoral trafficking then not to exploit innocent people atlst We r tired
0 0 Much is being talked about land acquisition.Why not identify large number of industrial plots in already established industrial estates.GIVE PROiaRITY TO put it in establishment of new industrial units.There are some private and govt. industrial units having lot of surplus land which should be utilised first to establish new units
0 0 I think the policy should incorporate the availability of books, books reading habits n competitions. Concept of society libraries sd be encouraged.
0 0 Special student edition books with concessional price will be helpful to promote reading habit.
1 0 with inter relating digital India program we can create an governmental E-Book option were people can borrow books in online were it would last for 10days of time. were  people if want to prolong the duration can pay few money through online.this makes every one reach books
3 0 best ways are BOOKS FOR RENT IS THE MAIN HOLY GRAIL 1. opening of Book cafes culture in every town N cities 2.  hosting of seminars,  lectures N symposium in these cafes or libraries. 3. Also try book for rent stuff for student's of class 10th, 11th,12th, competitive examinations of  AIIMS, CET, MET, AIEEE, IITJEE, etc, books on courses including MBBS, B.TECH, ARTS,, LAW, etc.whis is thriving business in the open market.  this way a lot many more students will come to libraries N start reading. 4. Should provide with free WiFi in every book cafes N libraries N should connect these libraries with central book databases and also should have a dedicated commercial printers N photocopier as facilities 5. Should provide good relaxing seats so that people can read for long hours. 6. Should provide shanks n coffies n teas n milk so that people cant feel hungry when they sat there for hours 7. Should provide latest news paper from around the world N magazines 8. the library should be sound  proofed so that readers wont get distracted 9. library or book cafe should have all weather air conditioning system.. I.e. AC in summers,  heaters in winters N dehumidifiers in monsoons 10. Should have very light soil music so that it sooths the tence mood 11. Should have an audio visual system to explore the Internet more  throughly 12. Internet Cafe should be merged within the library or book cafe. but only for academic perpose 13. Should have different themes events I.e. mystery,  horror, adventure,  science fiction , literature,  epic period, world wars, detective, comedy, any many more so that people visiting the places always have something new to think for every other month. Plz reply back if some one likes my points
0 0 need to make a publich library for people to get in touch with more text books as much as they can
1 0 distribute books in the start of session and recollect after its end and redistribute to save paper
1 0 I always wished to have a public library nearby. But it is not always possible. Currently i have come across an online library "IndiaReads" from which we can order books of our choice at some rental price.And they provide for home delivery and pick up. But I feel that prices are bit high. Government should promote such type of libraries so that books are easily available to every nook and corner of the country and that too at affordable price.
0 0 with reference on 15th august program, i request that government should enter in export business. today, we are only at r&d stage and are only manufacturing 16 light combat aircraft. we are not at commercial stage production. we request to manufacture tejas light combact aircraft[LCA] at commercial stage. and at least produce 500 LCA both for defense and export purpose. so we can earn foreign exchange.
0 0 Smart Libraries. Bring Technology to Libraries. Computers and Kindle like devices will help reduce the size of libraries and store books in digital format with less number of copies. People going to library can borrow a kindle from the librarian and read the books he likes to read and return it back. Govt can push the books to these digital devices. Only those books which are not in digital format will be bought by the libraries. #NationalBookPromotionPolicy #MyGov
0 0 Maine mann ki bat me suna ki aap ne road accident k bare me kaha. Aaj road accident sub se jayada tean agers k karn ho rahe hai. Wo 18 k hote nahi ki parents unhe gadi de dete hai. Or aj ki fast lyfe me school tution jane k liye jaruri bhi hai. Isi liye students k liye special scooty lunch karaiye . Jiski maximum speed 40 ho. Or rule banaiye ki jo bhi minor gadi chalte mila uske parents ko 1 lakh ka jurmana. Isse shauk or jarurat dono puir ho jayegi. Thank u
0 0 Sir, UMAji can't clean ganga...U need people like manohar parikar to so that..Or u need to add Peopl like me who are dedicated enough to take up this task...to do TiVo need few civil engineers and contractors and Army men with water boats...try me
0 0 I wanted to bring up few points which may look silly but are true and my observations...In the past BJP lost elections in Karnataka, not only because of internal fights ....but also because of increased police atrocities on citizens . During that in karnataka , specially in Bangalore too much harassment of police and traffic police were there everywhere everywhere....they even went to the extent of beating men and woman during New year's day on MG road. I don't know whether they act ruling party or opposition instructions this has costed you already...Again NOW ITS HAppening in MUMBAI, 40 couple were arrested from hotels , I don't understand why this narrow thinking and steps are being taken...why there is not freedom for couple . I don't know whether your govt has instructed them or opposition has instructed them to do this to spoil BJPs image....SERIOUS MATTER PLEASE GET INTO THE MATTER THIS MIGHT COST YOU NEXT election as youngsters won't take  these lightly...Please
2 0 NBPP is a good initiative to encourage the habit of reading. My sincere request is to make the books available at very affordable price, so that students or book readers shall not feel the purchase of books is costlier affair. Advanced professional knowledge books should be made available in India. Lots of books with latest developments in the field of engineering, medicine, accounting, finance, human resources and so on are only available with foreign publishers. Such books are too costly to afford, NBPP should make such latest books available at affordable cost either in physical form or soft form.
2 0 Sir, I am from small district tikamgarh of Madhya Pradesh.Sir,aaj education system ka yeh haal hai ki Jo graduation mai books 10 saal pehle chal rhi wahi aaj chal rhi hi,jisse him log ko kebal theory gyan aur practical than bilkul na ke barabar hoga hai. Vvvsir,I request u to update these course every year so that we also have practical knowledge. Dhanyabad best prime minister of republic of India.
2 0 The government should encourage privileged people to donate the school text books or even story books/novels to the kids who cannot afford them. This small step is going to largely benefit the future generation by building the knowledge and intellect of the young generation.
1 0 The biggest responsibility for us is to making sure that educational resources equally make available to nook and corner of India and also helping people to read/understand/use it. Our current educational started by Britishers 200 yrs before for creating Sepoy is suitable only for 10% of population and it also suppress natural creativity. In digital world our old " Satsang" type education can undertake in Libraries . "ONE LIBRARY PER VILLAGE" is ideal solution and PFA test marketing report
0 0 Hi NBPP team, I am glad to hear regarding this policy for books. Would be helpful if I can get to know more on this. Thanks, Rajendra
0 1 Sir, Greetings! I was reading an article about MP chief minister Mr. Shivaraj Singh Chauhan, Mr Shivaraji is not giving approval to give eggs to kids in anganavadi ..This is not acceptable,.kids needs all sorts of protein to grow and become strong....Kindly look into the same , these things are viewed very badly for God sake .My humbel request.
0 0 This is really a path breaking step forward in the field of Intellectual property.The NBPP must consider the following points- 1.All the Books of National & International Importance from an Indian author must be Incentivises,Promotionalised & Being Properly Accessible on all the Important Reading Junctions through E-libraries,OTC ,etc. 2-The author must have a suo--motto protection by means of copyright Insurance in case of any loss due to breach of any copyright in case of unawareness .
1 0 Also, many old books need to be edited with fresh commentaries. For example, many Sanskrit lexicons which are treasures of knowledge, is one of the most significant but neglected genres of Sanskrit literature.
0 0 Many old Sanskrit works don’t reach people because translations are not available. Some translations are rare, some are in archaic language. Can’t the govt. take initiative to come up wid an exhaustive translation project where old texts would be made available in simple English, Hindi as well as vernacular languages? We can form a pool of, say, retired scholars who have the wish and the ability to participate. If 50 people translate one work each, 50 works will be available for students.
0 0 I am an engineering student, I heard my professors saying that many books written y our Indian authors are just copies of foreigners,even librarians are writing books of academics it will lead to low class knowledge books,if you can make a law on who can publish a academic book it will increase the quality of the books that are available and inturn helps in increasing quality of engineering students,it provides a vast market and need for highly educated people and increase research in India
0 0 those parents who have only girl child. those parents get pension as early as possible
0 0 Dear Sir, On Independence day your you should speak about alcohol. This is my humble request. Today our nation youths are badly addicting alcohol. it is neccesary that to tell about the bad affect of alcohol
0 0 Unless fiction, Writing a book is documenting knowledge. Its difficult as I have experienced while authoring a book "Commonsense as  Business Process using ISO 9000". What I recommend to make copy right and publishing directive transparent - how new author like me should go ahead, as we were worried about rights and royalty. Also provide information and support to promote e-books and how to control from piracy. Let knowledge rule.
1 0 Sir, Under the banner of programs various quizzes should be organized related to different books.Alluring prizes would compelled people to read books.Also more libraries should be open which could be easily accessible to the public. Book reading can be promoted by prescribing a book in schools other than syllabus and organise a nation wide exam.It will also help in increasing competitive skills in young Child.Young writers should also be promoted.
0 0 Sir, "Knowledge is power", education is the best equaliser. For this reading, improving knowledge, awareness holds the key to success & a fruitful life. Youngsters should be encouraged to read from the wide spectrum of literature in our country. The drawbacks include, absence of a well stocked school / college / local library, lack of translated works of good quality in local languages, copyright issues which prevent wider circulation, need for mentors / teachers to ignite the desire for reading
3 0 When it comes to the National Book Promotion Policy (NBPP), it must have ample space to see to it that the basic reasons for lack of interest among the vast segment of of populace for books is cured. THESE ARE LACK OF QUALITY BOOKS AND THEIR DETERRENT COST.
2 0 Dear Sir, Please Provide personality development books, biography of leaders in each schools and colleges. Do not provide money to them. Instead Send books directly by courier to schools.
1 0 Sir knowledge is everything if you are without it then you are nothing
2 0 In my opinion, Government should organize a competition for story writing in which new writers can participate. This will create awareness in youth to read and write. Thank you
2 0 Sir, book fairs play a big role in inculcating & encouraging the reading habit. Such fairs should be organised by the education department & publishing houses regularly. Both hard copies & digital books should be encouraged. Also, mobile libraries can be thought of in areas that are other wise inaccessible, which can be supported by the funds of elected representatives, local publishers & as CSR initiative. Families & schools should facilitate & encourage the reading habit.
2 0 Sir, all educational institutions should have reading / debating clubs. With the ovar-reaching internet, virtual libraries should be designed for different age groups & schools facilitated with a hi speed net work to access these virtual libraries, even in remote areas. The government run media should include programming such a book reading, reviews, poetry sessions etc., to encourage young minds, these can be categorised by age. Reading & writing competitions should also be held across states.
1 0 Sir, "Knowledge is power", education is the best equaliser. For this reading, improving knowledge, awareness holds the key to success & a fruitful life. Youngsters should be encouraged to read from the wide spectrum of literature in our country. The drawbacks include, absence of a well stocked school / college / local library, lack of translated works of good quality in local languages, copyright issues which prevent wider circulation, need for mentors / teachers to ignite the desire for reading
1 0 Copyright issue is one of the big concern for creative writers (in films too). In this case, India should follow some best practices from around the world. I feel one of the easiest way will be to create a govt. copyright portal, where any user (with aadhar card number) can register/upload his writing by just uploading file in pdf/word. In future if any dispute arises between 2 writers, then who so ever register first should be the owner of write-up. This will help to solve many copyright issues
1 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy /*book fairs of used books will be encouraged*/ Good point.Apart from this if some policy has been drafted to collect the used books from the users, that would be very useful to book lovers.So that they could sell their used books and can collect new books. They could get more space in their book shelves for the new books
1 0 #NBPP The Russian story books translated into Tamil were available years back in local government libraries.The publications were that time soviet union's 'Rathuga publishers' and 'Munnetra pathibbagam' (progress publisher I think).They were really very good ones with high quality papers and good drawings.They attracted the eyes of children easily.Nowadays those books are not available in local libraries.Those books could be republished by Indian government for the library usages.
0 1 Dear Govt please Read the below matter... http://www.dnaindia.com/money/report-keep-agricultural-produce-out-of-gs...
2 0 SKILL DEVELOPMENT THEORETICAL & PRACTICAL BOOKS OF INTERNATIONAL STANDARD SHOULD ALSO BE PUBLISHED .
0 0 policy is very good.
3 0 I am a student of class 8 from Icse board....One of my suggestion is tht in our curriculam books ,each chapter should hve 1 para about future use in our careers of topics while studying. Definitely it will creats curiousity among us and we will concentrate more on each subject ..I hope this step will be a milestone in skill india compaign......By meghna shukla  My Father's mobile no. 7897992569
1 0 In childhood, I was deeply impacted by short story books from Gitapress like 'Veer balak' 'Veer Balikaye' gurubhakt balak, balikaye, ramlila, krishnalila, dayalu bacheche. We need to collect compilations from all religions of India which make foundation & without any religious colour, compile these by hi learned people to have a collection of books 2 strengthen the foundation of the children in the school. Good teaching from all religions are almost same. Unity and nationality are key needs 2de
2 0 There are some great books which left a deep impressions on me or gave a new vision to see the world. If we could seek legal rights to convert such books in all regional languages and make them easier to understand with corollaries applicable in our context for general people, it would no doubt have a great impact. We don't have money to have 'libraries'or 'Chapters' in every mohallas, but such a move could help us greatly. Most of people miss this knowledge due to lower speed in English readin
1 0 The proposed policy is good. There are some points to be emphasized before finalizing the policy. Publishing the books is a herculean task. Hence, the policy should address this issue so that emerging authors are encouraged to write books. It may be in the form of grant or some other financial help to the new authors.
0 0 another example of pictorial books for maths which most school students find difficult to comprehend http://www.eworkshop.on.ca/edu/resources/guides/NSN_vol_6_Decimal_Number...
0 0 To make school books more interesting we should use pictorial format which are easy to understand sample page attached, Attachment not working adding url http://19xnly3cl9rt2qvk731lwbxpeay.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/up...
0 0 To make school books more interesting we should use pictorial format which are easy to understand sample page attached
1 0 The main and most common reason of the youth evading and avoiding books, is these being too costly for the youth to get their hands on them on them. Further, there is also dearth of books bearing quality contents. THE SALIENT FEATURE OF NATIONAL BOOK PROMOTION POLICY (NBPP) HAS TO BE TO ENSURE PRODUCTION, PUBLISHING AND AVAILABILITY OF QUALITY BOOKS AT RATES THAT THE POPULACE WITH MEAGRE MEANS MAY BE ABLE TO MANAGE. SHOULD BE TAKEN AS A CHALLENGE.
0 0 To make school books more interesting we should use pictorial format which are easy to understand sample page attached
1 0 We should create a policy of minimum volunteer hours to be eligible for government jobs, these will keep million of unemployed engaged, unemployed have free time , they can read books for children and uneducated. ReCAPTCHA method https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReCAPTCHA it can be be used on heavily used IRCTC website to digitize Indian books and manuscripts
0 0 The onerous task of making available the books to as vast segment of populace as possible, is in a way a task towards laying foundation of formation of strong youth force. The habit of keeping company of books is key to character-building. But, today we find in rarity. THE SEVERAL DEFICIENCIES WE COME TO WITNESS AMONG OUR YOUTH, HAVE THEIR ROOTS TO THE YOUTH EXHIBITING LITTLE OR NO INTEREST IN BOOKS, OR ANY THE SORT OF READING MATERIAL. BOOKS NEED REACH EVERY HOUSE-HOLD. A NATIONAL TASK AT THAT.
1 0 Amazon sells audio books, In today large proliferation of mobiles with memory cards, government should encourage audio books which one learn while cooking , cleaning traveling etc . It will be helpful for blind people as well, braille books are little heavier, www.audible.com/
0 0 Just like in olden times, we had concept for asking donation for food. School children should be asked to inculcate going around and asking for books, This will create an asset for books for schools.  We should create tie up with book seller like amazon and flipkart to sell used books which will make sure that books area available at low price. NCERT should also sells books though e-commerce.
1 0 very goof model is singapore national library it has more than 40 well quipped library in different residential areas http://www.nlb.gov.sg/
0 0 Sub: Humble request to accord justice to Railway Engineers. Respected Sir, All India Railway Engineers Federation (AIREF), the sole apex body representing about eighty thousand Junior Engineers, Senior Section Engineers, CMS , DMS and SE (IT) of Indian Railways through Zonal Railway & PU Engineers Associations extends heartiest congratulation to you for feeling proud for taking pledge to serve countrymen as “Pradhan Sevak” and we Railway Engineers congratulate our Hon’ble Prime Minister on
0 0 Connecting Rivers - Connecting Lives........
0 0 pm Sir I need you're help please sir
0 0 68 years but how many students and readers have grown... Most of the fund in all district level is wasted in procurements and distribution. Good books dont reach as they are not cheap Most publishers cant work with Govt supplies because of discount structures and underhand %. If we have to promote good books then we must promote libraries in schools and block levels. promote good speakers and story tellers in above places, we have to create interest in initial level.Lots more to discuss
0 0 Dear sir My think for electricity problem how to solve answer is terbine can run with electric motor or hydrolic power if one terbine work with gas or water 5maga wat exp. Other terbine run throught electric motor or hydrolic power this my think I hope you do something
1 0 #my gov, Promotion of reading habits need the availability of books too. In this era of digitization this is not a big problem in cities and urban India. But in case of rural India availability of good academic and other books is a major problem. Govt itself can set up an e-commerce portal only for books with the help of Postal department. It can help people from any corner of India to get books as the reach of India Post is large. Govt should make use of its own dept than using private plyrs.
3 0 I would like to put up a suggestion for increasong reading habits... library should no longer be conventional..rather have a mall features such as with good food court indoor playings such as chess....e books should b encouraged. Complete book may be audio recorded and heard over
2 0 #NationalBookPromotionPolicy: Govt should start a portal for National Book Promotion policy. Self publishing wing also should be incorporated in it. Many templates of cover as well as page layouts should be included. A can download them and design his book with content and uploaded to it. Uploaded book can be verified by experts. Govt can print it through POD and distribute the book through online stores. Eg: partridge publishing. This is the only way to save new writer
1 0 National book promotion policy should be encouraged by creating and increasing the interest of people in reading. The library at all places of India should have arrangement and link with other libraries over India, so that any book can be available for reading from any library in India. Online accessibility of book for people from any where.There should be a mass programme every year for reading collectively like "Reading India" in which all people including school and library, reading the books
2 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy : A writer is the most cheated individual in society. Nobody pays him well. Everyone needs him always. Whether it is cinema or drama or anything. No publisher pays him royalty correctly. This is why books should be printed with Print on demand technology and distributed online. E-books and kindles can also be developed. A book published under this scheme should automatically get copyrighted.
2 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy :  Dear PM, Govt should start a self publishing wing for young writers. (Like partridge publishing of penguin books.). Govt can fix a fee for designing as well as ISBN number. Govt can print them using Print on demand technology and distribute the same through all online e-com websites like flipcart, amazon etc. Writers will get exact royalty. No need of storing space is required. Writers will also market the books. This is the only way to save new writer.
2 0 #DraftNationalBookPromotionPolicy : Today, every public library has become a dumping place for huge publishers. They collect money from writers to publish their books and most of the copies, with silly content, will be dumped in libraries. This situation is really sad. But, no go! There should be an apex body for selection of good books for libraries.
0 0 THIS BOOK MUST COVER PROPER EDUCATION ON PARLIAMENTARY FUNCTIONS, CABINET SECRETARIATS, MINISTRY OF DEFENCE, LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA, SECURITY FORCES, APPROVAL OF VARIOUS BILLS. PEOPLE DONT KNOW THE PROCEDURE OF PASSING THE BILLS WHICH THIS BOOK MUST ELABORATE
