14 1 their are many layers of job. Consider a point, we have a ore extracting area in a region and we sell ores to foreign countries and make some money. What if we  introduce some plants that purifies these ores as per the foreign demands. we will make more money then previous and also create more job opportunities. what if we can add more industries like industries that can make those raw materials which are being made by other industries in foreign countries we can help in their demands and earn.
3 1 This way if we setup these plants as mentioned in my previous discussion we can have the skills, technology and money for our growth. We can create more opportunities for Indians. their are people who would oppose the Idea. Its because they think their monopoly over their field is being taken away. But, till when they want to be under government protection policies. They should compete in their field fair and square. It is better to have more layers of job then a single layer. continue...
3 1 For making the foreign companies to setup their plants India we should reduce our custom duty rates a little and ask them to setup their plants in India with r and d department. We can ask them to create cars in Indian taste low maintainance and high effecieny and green going. If they Can sell cars to comman Indian folks at cheaper rates to its a great idea. They can also have the right to sell their car to other countries by giving extra duty on the cars they sell outside.
2 0 I think We should attract more of the foreign industries to setup their plants in India. For Example, Take a company mercedez benz is opening a plant in India. A lot of Job scope is made for people not only in the assembly area but also in the area for producing the raw material for the car. These company will bring new technology and help providing new skills to the Indian people on various fields including increasing the opportunities for other companies to fill their raw product demands.
1 1 If one shop is opened in a city like coimbatore it would gives at least a job for many directly and indirectly. example wood work, electrical work, glass work, transport, and counter sales men and women, accounts officer, electrocnic gadgets, advertisement and so on. It will give business to ele, wood, electr, industries too. BUT IF THE SAME TRADE IS TAKING PLACE ONLINE IT WOULD SWALLOW THOSE EMPLOYMENT CHANCES. eXCEPT GOVT TRANSACTION EVERY DISTRIBUTION MUST BE OFFLINE.
2 1 can we make the Yoga/Meditation/Pranayama… certification as a mandatory for all the government sectors jobs (at entry level and each promotion level). If possible private sector Jobs as well…especially IT related Jobs Benefits: This will create a new employment for thousands of people (Yoga Trainers) It creates a healthy environment and Helps to overcome many physical/mental diseases. By This process we can spreads the awareness about yoga and we can support to our Ancient Indian Art.
2 0 Dear sir An initiative large scale should made on curbing  polythene covers/bags  and research and funding should made on emergency basis to  clear and decomposting of existing bags thrown as a garbage. All school children and even layman to be educated on this. Kindly do this as an emergency call.
8 2 Respected Sir, Here I would like to request to encourage citizen in Mann ki Baat program to use Chukkad in place of Plastic Glass for drinking of water & tea. In marriages and tea stall there is lots of consumption of Plastic Glasses and it causes huge ammount of harm to our mother earth. If people will use Chukkad in place of plastic glass it will not be only environment friendly but it will also strenthen the pity economical condition of Kumhar Comunity. A step towars Sustainable Develpment.
3 3 Dear sir I am a Government Teacher From Surat,Gujarat. Now Day We took a tour in Surat Aquarium and i am face a problem for pay money. if my school is under municipal corporation each children's fee is about 10 Rs but my school is under Surat District panchayat so we pay 20 Rs par each student So Plz Aquarium is most beautiful but if the children is study in government school fee was not taken and plz request to our good prime minister take action for my little suggest and give me a reply plz
1 1 2/2- Basic guideline books published by DGS&D continued to be main procurement guide. After a stage auction of services both purcahse by GOvt or sales (such as RF spectrum, coal blocks etc)has proped in.  As such, the way government buys or sells goods or services or resources is different. Only rate contract may be required, which can be merged with BIS ( a new commercial wing can be created) so that both quality & price aspects can be taken care. DGS&D can be closed, in my opinion.
0 0 DGS&D: Dte Gen of Supply & Disposal. I starting interacting with it when, I think son-in-law of former PM LB Sastri was its DG. It used to be the central agency for acquisition of stores within India and abroad. It had a office in UK and a strong office in Calcutta. Only Rly & defence were outside its procurement ambit. Soon in 1980's, all other central departments also started procuring directly. It was more or less reduced to Rate Approval agency so that off hand purchase can  be done. 1/2
0 0 Hon. PM please read our suggestions submitted on your website. I am trying to reach you so hard with my design to solve irrigation and power problem in India but I didn't got any reply. Please consider our suggestions.
0 0 hon. PM please introduce new ALL INDIA SERVICE which is ENVIRONMENT SERVICE helpful for our commitment toward enviornment
0 0 Respected Modi Sir, Congress (Center and State) Involved in falsely branding a HINDU as a TERRORIST (highly suspecting, as the lie used for this is "I Hate Muslims", I suspect, this is vote bank politics played by Congress)to conceal GE's involvement. When Congress was in Center,aMNC IT company by name GE had raised false complaints, during 2011-12, in the center through which they were able to involve central police in my life. Sir, please help me! please make this victim fight for justice.
0 0 Dear Modiji, There are so many people in the country who struggle for a one-time meal. France has established a rule wherein all leftover food/food not sold should be given to the needy. We can start a similar system here in India and apply this on FMCG not sold in retail stores! This will put pressure on retailers to sell their goods at very low rates!
0 0 Implement a quota system, wherein at least 35% of commodities are sourced from within the country, 35% from either of Brazil, Russia, South Africa (friendly nations within BRICS). This will ensure Tenders are NOT large sized, ensuring issues like over dependency upon few big suppliers is removed, improve transparency and trust, as big tender can influence pricing and may give rise to Conflict of Interest. Further, entrepreneurs can benefit as everyone's invited to support the supply chain system
0 0 DGSD: All standard chemicals,Spares & fittings like electrical,mechanical,instruments etc can be fixed as a rate contract which will give cost reduction as well as to improve the timely procurement like Just in time, or to avoid the stock out situation. Simplifies the procurement process, but improves the timely material need.
0 0 DGS&D: Direct import of chemicals may give price advantage than indg. supply. DGSD may focus the prices of standard chemicals procurement from direct import and fix the prices as rate contract, may give price  advance when considering all govt. purchase which can save more cost. DGS&D can focus on foreign procurement also,which turn simplify the lead time of procurement  with the price advantage. The DGSD chemicals also well informed to the Excise and custom dept.by DGSD which help to clearance.
0 0 DGS&D:Fixing of Rate Contract by DGS&D, simply the ordering procedure and enhance the timely delivery of materials to institute will help the timely requirement of research institutes which in result improve the focus on research, with the material availability. Help the scientific group to show the result or invention in the faster way.
0 0 By fixing the Rate Contract centrally by DGS&D, Price benefit,ie more  discount can be obtained from price list by considering the all govt. purchase all over India.Advantage: Reduces the cost (cost benefit),reduced the process time, tendering,etc, reducing the lead time of procurement, easy ordering by referring the rate contract,timely delivery, reduces the lead time of procurement,supplier can not offer different different prices to different different org(org. to org) etc.
0 0 DGS&D:All Research Institutes are using Branded Chemicals. Rate contract can be fixed by DGS&D for all branded chemicals based on  standard discount structure from the suppliers price list every financial year. The same centrally fixed DGSD discount structure along with the price list,other commercial terms and conditions to be posted and circulated thru the portal which can be used by all govt. org.purchase.
0 0 It should be tender based.
0 0 Dgs&d   implement  for   agriculture  field.Dgs&d implement  for  farmers.
1 0 DGS&D has the best domain expertise and should use marketplace approach and not a software led approach. DGS&D should a. Become a preferred partner for facilitating buy/sale of goods under rate contract for all the government and government enterprises b. Follow principles of efficient price setting of rate contracts c. Should create a membership database of its empanelled suppliers/ buyers like any other marketplace d. Ensure : membership dev,risk mgt, price discovery & trade fulfillment
0 0 DGS&D should use existing expertise in e-markets available with institutions like NeML to create a easily accessible efficient e-marketplace hvaing national reach based on true market principles of transparency, real-time, online, verifiable and auditable market.
0 0 government departments Should start using ERP system for inventory the actual quantity of goods received should tally with the quantity billed. People secure tender by quoting less price per kg/tonne and then supply less quantity and take full payment. There is a need to make a change in this mechanism where in the special ERP system. Eg use of bar code system for purchase or goods inward.
0 0 Sir, I think the yearly budget should be broken down to quarterly buckets for departments as per their needs. And the departments will loose the money of they don't spend in that quarter. To get the money back there should be approval process for the departments. This can ensure the speed we are looking forward to for development. This combined with transparent procurement can do wonders. Regards Bharat Thosar
1 0 The entire proceedings should be web based, the localisation of the same should be accessible in the public domain. The stakeholder will be accountable. 4th March 2016
1 0 Perpetually the Department of Supplies and Disposal has earned a bad name all these years. Most of the suppliers complain about prompt payment. It both hurts the quality and promptness of the products agreed to be supplied. During the Financial year the expenditure is 10%,20%,30% and 40% per cent in the four quarters of the year. It needs to be regulated. Rushing purchases at the fag end of the year is disastrous. Strict quality control from experts is necessary.
0 0 Further to my comment on ERP System (SAP Ariba), Suppliers can see the status of Goods Delivered and status of initiated payment as per the agreed payment terms in the Contract/Purchase Order.  Implementing automated payment processing system will help in crediting the payment to supplier's account as per payment terms thereby having transparency in all transactions.  All transaction right from Purchase Requisition/Quotation from supplier to payment are done online.
0 0 In my opinion Government of India can explore options of implementing an ERP System (Eg. SAP Ariba) for taking care of procurement needs.  This application provides excellent collaboration between Customers and Suppliers and can be operated with minimum or no training. Can be accessed from anywhere on Mobile/Tablets.  Items can be maintained in Centralized database, Centralized contracts can be created by DGS&D, the same can be used to place Purchase Orders. We get real time status of delivery.
0 0 E-Shelter
0 0 And next is chidambaram nd his son...why are you saving ghem..what is difference between you and oyher goverment. Please do justice without any pressure. This country needs very strong leader to grow and to change. pleaee do not get influenced by other party else you are counted in one of the failure goverment. People can digest price hikes bt deshdroh...never.......jai hind
0 0 Sir . I dont understand under what pressure the goverment has released the jnu defaulters. You should have dismissed the jnu administration and should have given authority to police to rule jnu untill things are in control. This might give a clear idea to all school nd university to know their limits. Why nd how these guys are released , is not acceptable as responsible goverment.
0 0 Dear sir, the design of current wesite do not allow to directly share the thoughts on current affairs going in india. I suggest to have something where we should not consider title of ghe foruM but it should have direct flexibility provide ideas.
0 0 A few days back I wrote to the Commerce Secretary, madam, who in turn had forwarded my offer to design and implement the Procurement Portal. This email was forwarded to the concerned JS, who was very kind to forward to the DG(DGS&D)and undersigned a email in which I must meet the DG DGS&D. I immediately wrote back that appointment may be given. I sent him this email on 15th February, 2016. Today is 3rd march 2016. I have yet to get an appointment. very sad. i await the appointment.
0 0 It will be more efficient if we can implement this process along with one of the process (I have already shared couple of times on blog but no luck) if some one responsible or reading my blog from concern person, I have already drafted an IDEA to implement along with DGS&D. Please let me know if I need to share my IDEA. I will prefer to share on private blog.
0 0 1)Start-up needs protection from BABUS, Babus Harassing the youth, Traders,Farmers, Voters.. who wants to work. Babus are ruthless as they pay "Protection Money" to......? for Posting/ Promotion/ Permit... Administrations Reform is a Must, 2)Farmers suicide can get reduced, by encouraging them to sell their farm products on Railways to commuter & roads to motorists, also we need more Passenger Train, to help farmers to sell farm products, to nearby Towns.
0 0 It’s time to change things, as per my view it’s time to take some decision towards it & let we ask Government to make Doordarshan as a regulatory body for all Television Media. Since Doordarshan is autonomous, and India's Central Government founded public service broadcaster, a division of Prasar Bharati. They will become the regulatory body for all Private Channels, this will not only make centralize control on contents of the Programs, as per nation interest but generate more revenue for Govt.
0 0 I HAVE SUGGESTION FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. PLEASE START PUTTING UP DESALINATION PLANTS AROUND ALL THE COASTAL AREAS FOR IMPROVING DRINKING WATER SUPPLY. MAY BE LITTLE COSTLY BUT WATER WILL BE AVAILABLE AT LEAST FOR DRINKING. MORE OVER THROUGH THE DESALINATION PROCESS, WE CAN GET GOOD SEA SALT AND SEA MINARALS. IN MAHARASHTRA AND OTHER DROUGHT PRONE REGIONS, WE CAN SUPPLY WATER TO THEM THROUGH PIPELINES. WE SHOULD NOT DIG WELLS WHEN THERE IS FIRE. PLEASE SEE THE EXAMPLE OF GULF COUNTRIES.
0 0 MSME UNITS MUST BE GIVEN MORE OPPORTUNITY TO PARTICIPATE IN VARIOUS MEETINGS OF DGS&D ON VARIOUS PROCUREMENTS IN ALL GOVT. DEPT.
0 0 full transparency to be brought. also, Accountability of each and every officer be introduced.
0 0 I agree that you would set up e Procurement portal which would bring in transparency mostly to the interested parties. But for common people it is important to know where and how much have been procured and used.
0 0 Govt.take total control of goods movement raw and finished by electronics (terminals).Build a network for purchase, sales, manufacturing.
1 0 Dear Sir, I wish to suggest that all housing societies in Delhi NCR must adopt Solar Energy system for the lights and lift operations. Usually the residents pay for the use of lights in the common area and the electricity consumed by the lifts/elevators. This could be eliminated if the government issues a mandate that all housing societies and residential complexes adopt solar system for energy saving. This will be a big relief for the salaried middle class people. Looking forward to it Sir.
0 0 The biggest blunder in union budget is ignoring Solar n wind energy sector which needed much awaited boost for carbon-free energy as spoken by bill gates in his blog. Still have time if FM can consider FDI in this greenhouse project that can help institutions to be self-sufficient, provided Govt policy opens up and provide at least 50% subsidy in this sector, specifically for ON-GRID installation that will supply power to Marketing COs.
0 0 Its one of the best Budget Sir. Jaitly Ji Sir Your All the Schemes Are Going towards the Developmental Growth Of India. For the Development of Formers Superb Projects Sir.
0 0 sir ur gold depositing scheme is very good but those who have gold in hand will not understand the importance of ur IDEA . so my view is to decrease the gold rate. if there is a roumer that gold rate will go down every one will deposite gold with the goverment.
0 0 My problem is that i have no job. My age is 31. My qualification is b.tech in mechanical engineering 2012 in uttrakhand technical university. Iam requeted to prime minister sir narendar modi jee please do help action to me. My mobile number is 8979200401. My email id is rajeshsemwal86@gmail.com. Jai shree ram
0 0 Rathan than building smart city, bringing all the remote village into smart village will bring India more developing. There are thousands of rural village where no civic eminities, infrastuctures and cut off the main town and cities.
0 0 If there is not enough to maintain the plants in the garden of the house holders. The nature of the soil, the foundation will be to grow it needs to be tested periodically. Better if they are available from plants will become cattanat veggies. Since the nutrients in the soil to grow plants urinciye important to pay extra attention. Natural Farming We will not put fertilizer plants have good growth. Amaintaltan accord with the nature of the fertilizer muriate of veggies and good will.
0 0 Make it more transperent by putting on the Web the lsit of appprved suppliers with the name of the company and its Direcotrs and or Partenrs, item for which the the company is approved and list of approved items with its prices with validity. Ask the apaproved vendor to give declaration that they are  not related to any Bureaucrat/ Minister/ MP or MLA and they will not give subcontract to these if awarded the Govt contract. The registration must be reviewed every three years. Apply KYC norms
0 0 Our prime minister is a visionary who is trying his best to take India to new highs in spite of all false criticisms from opposition parties and bad press. Sir, I have two suggestions:- 1)A national campaign is needed to prevent the adulteration of food stuffs and ensure consumers get unadulterated food. 2)Initiate steps to end commercialisation of education especially medical education So that quality doctors come out of medical colleges.
0 0 Hon sir DGS&D Bhrastachar ki sabse badi jad hai ap iske system ko online kar dete hai to yeh BAHUT BAHUT BADI HELP HOGI CORRPETION KO ROKNE KI AISA GENERAL PERSEPTION HAI KI DGS&D MAIN AVERAGE 25% KI BIRIBE DISTRIBUTE HOTI HAI
1 0 We have to arrange a ministry of future, and reduce or merge un-necessary ministerial dept. in order to provide the fund in urban or local remote areas developments. The future ministry can evaluated every state performance in development as a various sectors, open all door for young citizens performing and producing Making India project field.
0 0 Our govt. to target our citizen can live without pay any tax in this country, so that all our leaders to fight against corruptions, illegal trading. All master plans and projects to be produced benefit of citizen and environment development in the present and future. Avoid the maximum buying weapons also to keep our neighboring counties with good relationship.
0 0 online market place is a very good way to go. Kindly review the following comments to make it more reachable to the needed. 1. online facility to villages: Utilize the power of NGOs and panchayat institutions for the same. 2. online market websites should support all local languages. 3. Systematic, incremental deployment of online market centers in each village. [one see the govt price directly on the screen in their local languages]. 1 OMC(Online Market Coordinator) for each center
0 0 and sujav rajkot to surandranagar tak railway dubble trac kare,and ticket cancalld ke charge reduce kare and din me railway ke sl calss ke dibbe me jab khalim ho to keval rs,15 leke citing charge leke sl me chalu ticket vale ko beth ne ki anumati dene se railway ko amdani extra hogi ..ahmedab se raqjko me jo jo train ati he us me se bhot kr sl class khli hi hota he to rs.15 me beth ne dena chahiye sujav
0 0 Indian manufacturing suffers a disadvantage of 21% based on account of higher cost of finance & cascaded duty structure. Our ICT industry bases has been eroded over the last few years since India signed the ITA 1 agreement. New products & Indian designs need hand-holding & support if we expect them to resurrect. Least the Government can do is to define DGS&D as a vehicle to promote domestic manufactured & designed products. especially where Technology & capacity exists.
0 0 sujav dr.s,n.subbarao and late baba amte ko bharat ratna dena chahiye and nisvarth bhav se kam rast hit ke kar ne vale ahmedabad ke kusam ben meghani and pinaki meghaniji ko bhi award dena chahiye
0 0 sujav sabhi school, cooage,sabhi university,hostel, ke as pas cctv hona chahiye,taki student keval ap ni paday kar ta he ke nahi vo dekha ja sake,and sabhim educatation institue ache sanskar,yog,manvta,desprem,sharam,sadgi,nisvath seva ko jayada important de, sujav
0 0 Indian postal department is capable of being an option as best courier service provider in India. They have service network to each and every corner of country. If Indian Postal department is developed in direction of couriers and cargo, it can generate good reputation, high revenue and also employment for people of India. Sir, please have a look at the request, which may be more helpful to put my points.
0 0 60 years of rule has only increased and entrenched these fools in our society. You are doing a good job Sir. Please keep it up irrespective of what these fools shout. History will judge you on the basis of your work.
1 0 We as people are habitual of expecting everything of free. We all want rights, but don't want to shoulder any responsibility. This mentality has its legacy in the times of kings as well as our scriptures. people who work hard are considered fools in our society since ages. We have to change this mentality. People demanding rights and privileges on the basis of their birth and not their skill is the biggest social problem that we face.
0 0 Similarly north eastern states sud be connected with broad gauge railway lines. And fares may be increased in next one year if necessary. After that the election mode will start and then there sud no fare increase.
0 0 Sir, It is important that the government remain focused on the development regardless of what the opposition shouts. I travelled to Kanpur last week and found Dedicated freight Corridor being build in great stretches. It sud be completed (though in a phased manner, but still in desnse population) before next general election to have the development punch against the opposition. Similarly, freight corridors other that eastern and western corridors sud be started.
0 0 I want to give suggestion on Gold Monetisation Scheme . Suggestion :-  if it is given an option to customer that after maturity period will have an option to get same designed ornaments that He/she Have before the investment in the scheme , then more number of persons may join the valuable scheme
0 0 People in government machinery needs to make themselves feel that they are like soldiers and needs to protect country from problems that is possible in their domain. This important for food bill that government is planning. This is required to prevent any problems in taking more time for movement of files for signature.
0 0 start using 'BIG DATA TECHNOLOGY' in managing large data oriented management and quicker movement and calculations.
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1rKDXuZ8C0
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1rKDXuZ8C0 Reforestation of deserts
0 0 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/20/france-decrees-new-rooftops... Rooftop plantation mandatory for each and every building to fight global warming.
0 0 Harshad Vanra I have visited on 10Feb2016, for this requirements help me, and reply today. Please.
0 0 Reply for this requirements
0 0 Respected sir, In odisha the agriculture system is very critical due to BPL Scheme.Thats why people are not serious about the agriculture. The present govt isnot making any kind of scheme to improve our agriculture  and irregation system. Thats why the development is completely stopped and labor problem is increasing rappidly.My suggation is to stop giving rice to the BPL person and give the market value of price of rice to that BPL account.Put pressure on Odisha Govt.
0 0 DGS&D needs complete overhauling, it is not up to the expectation of users. it must be user friendly.
0 0 Hi To everyone, I have one doubt about recruitment in Govt sector, Announcing the notification & also last date application for applying. Then after words result is 1 year or 2 years dont no when is announced No time table, best Ex DRDO CEPTAM07 RRB Mumbai & state Govt no body cant ask, recruitment-er is King No time table, See best example in Karnataka now announcing the Notification for only birth between 1950-1983....! plz give  the chance for younger showing the talent .....
1 0 Rates of any item may differ state or district wise. We have seen these rates are Delhi and nearby area based. Please finalize rates for all corners of the country considering all factors influencing price
0 0 dear,sir i want to say abought after JNU matter please make indian secreat army for this anti indians plese make secret army
0 0 1.Rate contract and suppliers licence should contracted for 11 months only.2.New supplier should be entertained always.3. Timely payment of goods and services leads towards high quality goods and services.4.Rates should be competitive towards price rise.5.Strong vigilance on store of every individual department.6. There should be one procurement head over all department to quote and sanction the requirements.7.Strong transparency at the departmental store level should be strongly followed.
0 0 India Post has deep reach and well established though not perfectly maintained network/delivery channel. Why India Post cannot/should not partner with the e-commerce companies to come up with an "India Post Logistic Services" wing leveraging or improving upon the existing infrastructure to create an outreach to million more Indians settled in our rural India. It will be an win-win for e-commerce companies to significantly expand their outreach as well as for India Post to reinvent itself.
0 0 Hello Attached are my views..
0 0 Idea For Aarkshan Kindky Find Image Attached
0 0 All govt department /ministries waste lot of time by doing time consuming procedures in public procurements related tasks mainly to save their skin from vigilance angle . To save precious time and cost it is better to use Procurement Software which should contain Audit feature .The Audit feature can be useful in detecting lapses by the Officers and vendors .
0 0 Bulk Supply to all Govt Department/Ministry should be directly from Manufacturer /Traders on 25% discount as offered to any whole sale market dealers without any agent/sub agent in commercial transactions . Such a step may be useful in reducing expenditure considerably.
0 0 Open Public Auditing must be there
0 0 Respected sir I have a plan to build a power plant ( 2-5 MW)it is  very small but I could contribute to my country and help for its development but I need a land near see side and back water cannel side I do not want to pay any money to middle man this should benefit to our nation as I believe you give transparent government so can you support me in this please let me know and also I have a plan for water to agriculture lands from see so can you support many thanks
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Request your kind attention please. Northeast Tripura and its youths have been languishing for long with unemployment (25.2% highest in India). What is urgently needed is Agartala transformed into IT hub. Below news can be refereed for details. http://tripurainfoway.com/news-details/TN/47757/Tripura+stands+nowhere+i...'Internet+readiness+index'+%3A+Manik+Sarkar+fails+to+capitalize+Modi+Govt%E2%80%99s+gift+of+India%E2%80%99s+3rd+Internet+gateway+to+Agartala+.html
0 0 Reply
0 0 SIR i think that  all ur schemes rellattes with (Digital india make in india)each others but a proper planning is necessary. I think that DGS&D has a huge potential in promoting these SCHEMES , I think that government has to ensure that all the products that should be used in govt. deptt should be indian products this thing will automotically boost indian economy and your schemes.If this will happen than sucess smart cites or digital india means sucess of make in india
1 0 HELLO SIR, I am ajay i have one idea about garbarges in india, we can recycle this garbarges like plastics,wrarps,glass etc things, if we can seperate these things into a selection,we can recycle this things,into a new products which will be helpfull to us.their is a company called levi's this company takes garbarge like plastic etc things they use this products and makes new clothes etc think.if we start this things in india we can give shettle to poor people's and employement to this people's
0 0 Sir my name is diptiman chand i am 20 years old boy  sir i have  an idea  sir facebook pe present time me bhut jyada fake id hai aur hamesha vulgur cmnt aur post dekhne ko milte sir agar hm facebook ko aadhar card se merge kr de to fake id nai ban paayegi aur sir vulgur sms aur post nai mileng aur iska naam diya hai maine social security number sir sbke pass ek aadhar aur ek id  sir iska bhut jyada benefits hamare youth ko milega sir help me to xpress my idea with front of PM help me 9598035439
1 0 Sir, If possible dgs&d rates are mostly higher than market rate.so befor rc one market survey is necessary
0 0 In all the cities and towns kindly arrrange to clear all garbages in night time from 10.00 pm to 6.00 am in the roads and streets, because in morning peak hours these vehicles creating lots of inconvenience to the bike riders and public, and also the dusts and smell coming out from these vehicles during office morning hours can't be explained Another way these also protects lot of night thefts and other problems
0 0 Sir surf PUC 2 complete karke marriage me baad women's ko job kyu nahi miltha uske liye percentage kyu poochte hai?
1 0 At night times its hard to identify speed brakes on the roads so radium should be painted on the speed brakes.THANK YOU SIR
0 0 Sir Modi ji PM, Sunday ko jo govt and semi govt hospital close rahte hai jaise ki esi hospital and govt hospital ki opd. aap use sunday ko chalu rakhe and other ek din close rakhe taki service wale employe sunday ko jakar apna ilaz karwa sake.thnx and plz do need to
0 0 hame umid h ki aap hamari bato per dyaan denge, aur jald se jald hamre village me internet ki subidha uplabdh karwadenge. Thank you
0 0 Respected Sir, Mera naam Aryan hai. Mera address hai - vill.& post Kathirao,Dist. Varanasi, pin code- 221207. Mob.9598772511. Sir, hamara aap se ek request hai. Hamare village me internet ki subidha bahut hi kharab h,yaha per broadband ki subidha nahi h, Q ki ab sara kaam net ke dwara hi ho raha h, isliye hum logo ko atyadhik paresaniyo ka samana kanrana padata h, Koi bhi online form fillup karane ke liye hum logo ko 15 kilometer dur jana padata h. hum logo ko brodband ki atyadhik jarurat h.
2 0 Price control and optimum level of price avail to agriculturist or producer and appropriate supply as per demand should be provided is the prime objects of policy.Transportation, storage is also important factor should be developed and manage properly. Analysis of demand and price rise of items like onion,sugar,agri.items etc. should be analysed on the basis of past and it should be stored in specific state as per possible demand of future, proper strategy can possible every solution,best wishes
0 1 Dear There, Few ponts; - 1st this dept should not act as enforcement agency rather should work as facilatator. - we have seen that one product is being ordered by the different depts at different rate - 1st task of this role should be developed a homogenous rate cards and specification of the common supplies and services. - if any requirements come from the comman list, dept should be exeempted from few existing processes, which wl expedite the whole procurement processes. Rajesh Ray
0 0 DGSD should work for supply as well as service contracts as a large number of govt. contracts are service contracts and maximum possibility for malpractices exist in the filed of service contracts. Further, DGSD rates must be applicable to the state govt. departments also to minimize the possibility of malpractices in the various state govt. dealings.
0 0 state government department should be covered under dgs$d procurement system
0 0 Dear Sir, I have kind request to clean India movement. please stop production and usage of polythene carry bags in our India. it will reduce the dump waste nearly 70% every day on day to day life. In my early days i didn't seen carry bags it was in usage nearly last 10 years. sir please take immediate action otherwise India will be most polluted country in the world.
0 0 acy@bsf.nic.in Dear Sir. I am a footwear technologist, having worked for many international brands. Keeping abreast with technology I have developed a self shaping "air-conditioned" shoe which is warm in winters and cool in summers. The shoe is made of 400 gsm fabric and with the active participation of 3M, it has been made stain-proof. I would like to put my shoes to a  long-test in BSF Tekanpur Academy. The results will help me improve.
0 0 Dear Sir Seasonal Greetings!!! I am Parameshwara Bhat from Kasaragod professionally an agriculturist.I have express here my thoughts. 2 months before near my farm a cowshed burned due to Short circuit.I have called Fire force for controlling the burning cow shed. The fireforce satred journey from its station.it will reached to our native place. Problem is starting from here. In rural areas most of the roads are Mud Roads .If heavy vehicles are not possible to move from at the end point of the vi
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, Please concentrate on agriculture and create a separate "Agriculture and Farmers" category in mygov.in and discuss with them regarding the development of agriculture. my humble request is to take the agriculture for next generation to increase cultivation by training our farmers with latest cultivation methods .
0 0 Dear Sir I am Parameshwara Bhat from Kasaragod professionally an agriculturist. I have express here my opinion.My opinion is for rural areas government can plan to small fire force vehicles for rural areas.It will visit any place and possible to reduce the problems. The using of small vehicles will face the problem of the water storage capacity in tanks. In most of the villages have water facility.the fire force can fill the water at the spot if it required more water for controlling the fire.
0 0 Skill Courses and Classes need to be taught in rural and urban areas, Create awareness for live by working.
0 0 Dear Sir Seasonal Greetings!!! I am Parameshwara Bhat from Kasaragod professionally an agriculturist.I have express here my thoughts. 2 months before near my farm a cowshed burned due to Short circuit.I have called Fire force for controlling the burning cow shed. The fireforce satred journey from its station.it will reached to our native place. Problem is starting from here. In rural areas most of the roads are Mud Roads .If heavy vehicles are not possible to move from at the end point of the vi
0 0 Earn by Skill scheme need to be Introduced and Banks need to support this with up to INR 50,000 loans with no interest. if they repay proper in time and this can be increased further with higher amount with less interest this create job opp and make the money flow in country as well.
0 0 Dear all, Government should initiate to run all petrol bunks as like TASMAC in Tamilnadu, Then it will give lot of Employment to Youths and Goverment can also see good profit and the public also get quality petrol with right quantity.
0 0 Dear all, I request all of you who is posting their views , kindly give suggestion on poverty issue in our country that should be our INDIAN MISSION 2016
0 0 If we take step towards poverty resolving , our country will be popular in the world , so please look into this matter.
0 0 Dear MODI ji, Very good morning to you sir, we are talking about all the issue and on new things , but nobody taking step towards poverty removing , my request is to read my ideas which I have started from this years which will automatically resolve poverty, crime , corruption from our country. Also few back I listen on FM RADIO that one man is walking from kanyakumari to Kashmir he walked out around 4000 km that news is gone popular in one day only even celebrities is promoting the same.
0 0 hello, Modi ji aap se request hai ki aap UP or Bihar ki sabhi super fast train me 5 general compartment or lagwane ka order jari kr dijiye ku ki hm jaise below middle class logo ko bhot problem hoti h safar krne me aap bullet train chalwa rhe h bhot achi baat h lakin hm logo k liye itna kr dijiye ki train me 5-5 hi general compartment lagwa dijiye bhot bhot shukriya aap ka Indian ...... iqbal khan
0 0 Sir This is regarding esi social security scheme. Medical education by esic should be handed over to mohfw or state govt. Esic mat set 30 to 50 bed hospital in every 50 to 100 km radius across India.  Chennai KK Nagar esic medical college may be handed over to state Govt and chennai ayanavaram esi hospital may be converted esic model hospital cum occupat disease centre.Esic staff may be shifted from KK Nagar to ayanavaram to overcome staff issues. Esic money also need not b wasted on education.
0 0 In respect to income tax,The procedure and law should be simplified and genuine and justified, e.i.section 14A deemed income,92 Transfer price applied to local transaction,income of NGO sec.11/12,other deduction u/s. 80 related to NGO, etc. deemed provision have given large discretion to assessing officer, which is the base of corruption or illegal addition of income largely effected to innocent assesse,hence,it should be simplified in favour of assesse and justice to fair taxation system,thanks
1 0 changing technical parameters and technical qualifications at last stage is nothing more then corruption changing at last stage is basically favouring cronies and sabotaging transparency. In book Gas Wars its author Pranonjoy Guha Thakurda has written very clearly how transparent tendering process is rigged to favour cronies.
2 0 tendering process needs to be made more transparent. Open tenders are tilted in favour of cronies by changing technical qualification at last stage. If such stuff happens then that tender should be cancelled for public good. This cancelling process should apply to all government procurements.
0 0 quality control mechanism of products under rate contract is very poor. it requires attention.
0 0 Purchase manual of state departments and autonomous bodies under government should be updated including the provision to procure materials online through dgs&d website
1 0 All government departments should be made compulsory to buy only through DGS&D and not from local dealers for all items and if any department is found violation, the concerned department head and officers involved should take  responsiblity  for that  and the entire amount should be collected from them, this will remove corruption.
2 0 I love modi sir,jayjaganatha how are you sir. i proud for my india
0 0 Connect india using better roads... #DGS&D, #MyGov
0 0 Connect india using better roads... #DGS&D, #MyGov
0 3 Dear Mr. Ravi shankar Parsad, i am having an idea for our govt. & i hope you will discuses the same with Mr. Narendra Modi. & my idea is that we should initiate a campaign under the name GHAR GHAR PHOOL KHILE. Under this campaign every home must have a pink or white flower bail on the outer wall of their home & if any home found without flower bail their should be fine upto 500 rs/- & Also govt should provide this flower bail to Poor families.
0 0 Dear Mr Ravi Shankar Prasad, Telcos tell us that since the Govt of India did not give them permissions, they are not able to improve the quality of mobile network provided in the Delhi Metro. Students are not able to study while travelling, banking transactions cannot be successfully finished, call drops-be it any operator continues, 3g internet signals are hardly available. Lakhs of passengers travel in the Delhi metro everyday. Could you please look into this case? Regards, Partha Basu
0 0 For better dates it is advised to connect all the billers with DGS&D so that any billing done to any one should entered in the particular material rates.
0 0 rates of DGS&D should be revised every year and it should be on the basis of current prices e.g. a computer cost for bulk order is Rs.26000/- while DGS&D rate for same is Rs.45000/- it shows huge corruption in rate deciding factors and huge leakage of revenue
0 0 .Login id for portal to -gov. departments to list the requirement (material code/service description) -verified vendors (vendor master) to quote offer in respect of requirement (verification-   past experience,quality,after sales service,documents). .Negotiate and decide the vendor on various parameters on portal with inbox facility on portal for each login. .Quality test on receipt to be conducted. .If unsatisfied, update vendor status in portal for future reference. #MyGov
0 0 Dear Sir, I am a resident of Odhisa ,BUT near to me there is Govt org which come under DGS&D under home ministry name of org ARC,cuttack,charbatia-754028 but the org has no work in Reaserch and devlopment only some govt staff and officer enjoying high salary package. if this base station made air force station bec it has long air field ,so more youth of odhisa can join in indian air force and there is air force stn in odhisa so it helps odhisa youth in building nation. kindly read this message.
0 0 There should be enough transparency in all transactions, approved by the concerned authorities. Should get into e-procurement platform for procurement of commodities to ensure transparency and efficency.
0 0 Ration materials are theft or saled for cost. To avoid this we Can create one application for this so that it will call the family and they have to press 1 for yes( Bought) and 2 for no. This application must me accessible for the details only when any case filed against it by employee. That too kept secret. So employee dont know who gave complaint won't be able to punish or threat him. Take action if only more than five members didn't buy. Otherwise employee may threat the person.
0 0 sir reduce human intervention as much as possible for procurement of commodities and you will find less corruption. in this regard make mobile apps. and that will help a lot.
0 0 sir make paperless office and cash less/cash free India (i.e. minimize cash transaction about 5%) and then it will be easy to combat corruption significantly.
0 0 sir for transparency of procurement of commodity go online tender/quotation and made payment via ECS ONLY to the seller's account.
1 0 Reply to me
0 0 As a farmer's son, my father is selling vegetables at low cost to the middleman. as a consumer i am buying the same vegetables at 4-10 times higher. why can't we eradicate this system. #DGS&D, #MyGov
0 0 Dear Sir, Allahabad Board(NCR)Indian Railway fully corrupt. One Example- My father before Retirment Clear Goods Guard Entrance Exam,He has Clear exam Chandausi Exam College Clear and my father was goning on Training But My father's Senior officer(S.S.Meena) Tundla (Station Supretent)& Babu Nathi lal says Humare pass aur employee nahi hai is liye hm apko bhej nahi sakte agar jana hai to 3000 thosands kharch kar do Really my mind blast but i am trust Bjp governmentand Prabhu Ji Please Help
1 0 Dear Sir, Please Develop indianrailways Employee Working Style, Ex-Allahabad Board(NCR),There Are some one corrupt officers and Babu's. My father was retired on 31.01.2016 last month,my father's service fair & v-good as per government Documents but babu's are not clear PF , Leaves and more do not clear Documents and He says All work Clear ho jayega apko 10 To 20 thousands dena padega. Really Indain government Poor and fully corrupt. Pls Read Next page
0 0 Connect india using better roads... #DGS&D,  #MyGov
0 0 Connect india using better roads...
0 0 The role DGS&D becomes of prime importance so as to ensure transparent procurement as well as to ensure the quality of the procured goods. The organisation can develop a portal for the same and train its dedicated staff in the direction of using digital techniques for carrying out tasks. A code of standards must be prepared and adhering to it the required goods must be procured.
0 0 Water Dan kars
0 0 Positive potential of revamping and restructuring DGSD role is huge for delivering savings, efficiency, transparency and accountability in the system. Simply put, it is a GREAT OPPORTUNITY. Having twenty plus years of experience in optimising, rationalising and relaying "procurement to pay' policies and processes by leveraging technology and automation (taking help of ERP / Procure to pay systems) across verticals & MNCs-both here in India and inUSA,I will be more than happy to help if required.
0 0 Aggregation of demand for products and services across Departments/Ministeries, Standardisation and rationalisation of product specifications and processes/rules, Strategic sourcing, Commodity strategies, Expertise and skills sets in Negotiation/ reverse auction/e-procurement/tendering, Building supplier network, Vendor Performance Metrics, Managing supplier relationships, Gathering market intelligence, Leveraging of automation, Ensuring Compliance/risk mitigation, Analysing spend, to be ensured
0 0 Great initiative as regards optimising quality and procurement of goods and services by the Government. It's a monumental area of opportunity for GOI in terms of 1. cost savings  - 15-20% on an average, 2. improving quality of products / services, 3. automation of procure to pay cycle, 4. reducing ordering, approvals and delivery time 5. plugging in process gaps 6. removing duplicacy, frauds, etc. 6. reducing waste and idle inventory 7. making full procure to pay cycle visible and transparent.
0 0 Dear My Prime minster , when I am studying I heard that our country is a developing country , after 30 years also I am listening same . I have one life time wish I want to hear my country is a developed country . 1. All we are running behind Industrialization and Automation .one way it is required for us but India back bone is Agriculture , Talent young Indians and Natural recourse .We need to protect these things first Thanks Indian
1 0 SUGGESTION TO IMPROVE SERVICE DELIVERY-mobile-based IVRS system
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I have one suggestion regarding making every citizen aware of patriotism and make political leaders little bit responsive towards the soldiers issues. In order to make them this we need to make a first criteria is that anybody who wants to contest election right from the village panchayath to the president election, atleast one member from their should be in military. I am writing this beacuse of the political leaders negligency towards soldiers. Thank you
0 0 As per our tradition all the development would along with the farming nature preserving construcit0ns. So we must emcourage the rubber industry for the development works .
0 0 We must encourage the rubber plantation industry through out the nation. Because we destructing the mountains for the crush stones for laying roads and other construction works. If we continue the same for another 2 or 3 decades we will in problem of mansoon less years . because mountains are major factor for the season rains. so must preserve the mountains and we must use agri products like rubber to fulfill our road and construction works. it will create huge rural employment. please take step
1 0 For Cheque bounce if someone makes default max 5 times, his/her use of cheque right should be withdrawn. As he/she can not cheat any new person.
2 0 Legal Department is lacking in IT related services. Yesterday I went to Mumbai Court they can not find my paper for 1 hour. Paper were lying there haphazardly. No System. I am complainant in Cheque bounce case after 2 years also case has not got stand in court. Instead of paper put email. Everything should be done max thru on-line. Other sectors are making headway but Legal Sector is lacking in big way. JUSTICE DELAYED IS JUSTICE DENIED.
0 0 Excise Limit for SME should be increased from current 1.5 Cr to 5Cr. As it is creating problems for small companies to grow.
0 0 Finding few comments not related
0 0 sir I have idea to save our army in cheachin from the avalanche. plese sir i want to contact u..
1 0 the large borrowers are also misusing the bankers by submitting fake proposals and availing year by year enhancing limits
0 0 Dear prime Minister sir, the banker are liberal for only large scale customers they are not giving response to micro and small entrepreneur they are not claiming capital and interest subsidy on behalf of entrpreneur they are levying more charges beyond the guidelines of msme they are discouraging the government policy
1 0 Namaskaar, Sir. I HAVE require some loan of Rs. 10 Lakhs from PM MUDRA YOJANA. I HAVE JUST VISITED 5 BANKS and no response from Bank officer at Gandhinagar, Gujarat. Please help me. I HAVE experience of 15 years and want to do my work and give Job to others with my style to work. Thank you, Sir.
1 0 DGS&D should be the chief of operating who will command the basic commodities while state Director will be appointed as to check the commodities which is essential for farming like Urea, etc. also give them the power to arrest them and for 1 month no bail will be granted by the any court whether session/district court.
0 0 Subsidy for PDS supply be made corruption free by closing down Fair Price Ration shops with direct transfer of money to individual bank accounts and buy atleast 72 Rafales or Gripen NGs to boost the diminishing IAF combat aircraft squadrons due to retirement of Mig 21s! JNU & Hyderabad University be saved from traitor anti-nationals by arresting Afzal Guru supporters & Yaqub Memon supporter Rohith Vemula's mates respectively.
2 0 #DGS&D, #MyGov, Modiji, Before procuring commodities please make necessary provisions to check adulteration in each & every commodity including food materials, cosmetics, medicines etc. If found adulterated ban the commodity & supplier forever & make provisions to give capital punishment. If any officer found corrupt remove them from the service forever. Give suitable directions to change our law.
0 0 Sir if each and every state or central government department is doing e-procurement then what DGS&D  will do? Since e-procurement takes time so in case of calamity like flood,earthquake,sunami,cyclone DGS&D will be useful for the emergency requirements like Medicine,clothes,food,bleaching powder Make a list of these items as required and DGS&D should make rate contracts on these item only. So that in case of emergency these can be procured without e-tendering system
0 0 Suggestions-(a)rename DGSD as Common-Housekeeping-Organization(CHO)(b)abolish all general administration in all central ministries and divert their staff to core functions of their ministry(c) all common use items of all ministries to be obtained directly from CHO, online by user officers of all central ministries (d)make all procurement from CPPP created by D/O Expenditure, which is not being used by general sections of various departments only to facilitate financial corruption in procurements
0 0 DIGITAL INDIA TAB PURA HOGI JAB HAMARA HAR DAS BASI DIGITALLY HAR KAM KAR SAKTE HE. ISLIYE CHAIYE ACHEE INTERNET OR ACHEE PROGRAMMER , JINO NE HAR ADMI KO DIGITAL KAJ KAM SIKHAYE GE...... OR CHAIYE GOV'T KI SUPPORT IN OUR VILLAGE AREA'S SOCIAL WORKER OR TRUST OR NGO KI SATH KAM KORNA TO ACHE HO GI SAPNA...
0 0 Dgs&d rate should also take in consideration current market price while orders placed.
0 0 Sir, to decrease favouritism & corruption, e-procurement is the way forward. The process should involve open tendering/bidding with timeline for supply, penalty for delay & faulty or damaged or below specified standard products. Those found compromising on quality need to be blacklisted immediately with a lag period of atleast three years before they can reapply for review. Centralised procurement with adequate store/ware houses need to be created or can be outsourced to separate logistics arm.
0 0 r PMOPG/E/2016/0041779. still i do not got a reliable answera about my question . are u bussy. i expect an answerar soon
0 0 Just opposite of Bharat Mata Mandir at Varanasi so much garbage and dust , very bad prasentation of Varanasi.
1 0 In Airport road in Varanasi, why not we using Australian technology to replace tree ? By this way we not only save environment also natural beauty of Varanasi too. Pl Pl do something for it
0 0 sir, my humble suggestion to the indian government, state governments and all local governing body's must use indian brand company vehicles only, including president, prime minister, central ministers, chief ministers, state ministers, district collectors, revenue, judiciary, police, army, navy, air force officials and their convoy's. it reflects a huge growth in GDP and indian economy where foreign vehicles import will come down. kindly implement this idea without any propaganda.
0 0 if you really wants to develop india ask your minister to call all the vendor related to his ministry from all over the world and see their presentation and commit on their proposal. Give target to your minister at least see 100 vendor proposal in one week and at least commit 10 proposal in week. Assign this task to all minister and ask them to air this proposal on News channel. this should be must to air so people can see progress each ministry doing in a day
0 0 All the District Industries Centre (DIC) should register their production units on DGS&D vendor registration website and mail tenders related to items manufactured by the concerned unit.  so that MSME units will get ready made data for items manufactured by the unit.
0 0 It should be made mandatory to stop production of Edison bulbs and LED lights to be brought under a system same as for Medicine Price Controller (NDP).
0 0 Plz take licence from pharma companies directly for INSULIN and CANCER DRUGS and it should be produced by govt pharma companies.It will decrease the price greatly.For example Human Mixtard 50 is produced by Torrent,Licensed from Lilly and Marketed by Abott. Surely these three company will keep huge profit. Secondly for LED lights fix the price with definite profit margin for manufacturer,stockist,retailer, this will reduce the price dramatically.Actually production cost is very low.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister I request you to supply medicine to the govt hospitals from the govt pharma companies like Karnataka Pharmaceuticals Limited.This will bring transparency in buying medicine as medical supply are not up to the mark and randomly u can collect medicine from different hospital and ask for quality test.U wl find for 500mg Azithromycin only 300mg may be there.It wl avoid corruption cases like Rat Poison Tablets in Chattisgarh.Even KPA medicines need quality control/random check.
0 0 DGS& D is a corrupt organisation , everything should be made online they have no idea of cutting edge technology one has to pay them to get registered , very laborious process.
0 0 Hi ..i want to share one idea about innovation.I am engineering student so i carry my all reference book with me.that reference book is so heavy,and large.we know near about all student having smart phone.so i suggest design smart qr code with large capacity of data and keep all reference book with that QR code.that will helpful to all student and other people who does not carry that book.And it easy to read at any time any where.That technique is helpful for smart India.
0 0 According to labor commission Act, every Govt employee has to perform 42 hrs. duty in a weeks time and if he perform more than prescribed time he/she shall be entitld for extra benefit except in emergency cases. it is request to our Ho'nble PM that is this law not applicable for police officers/officials working day and night without any kind of benefits/ facilities with compare to Army/Para military forces. Shift wise duties in especially police forces and their benefits may kindly be endorsed
0 1 #DGS&D #MyGov In my opinion, Govt must abolish this HIGHLY Corrupt department.Is tRue remove corruption from every department in india is important first
0 0 few point need to be fixed is quality brands,fixed rates,delivery,online payment time terms.we need to enroll supplier through branded company in state wise in online directory,but priority need to be given to registered areas supply with same terms, probable resident local seller need to the given preference.
0 0 #DGS&D #MyGov In my opinion, Govt must abolish this HIGHLY Corrupt department. Let each organisation procure the goods and services at their own. The value addition by this department is zero. ABOLISH this department....to reduce corruption...
0 0 Digitalization is better to make india. All school teacher in bihar 70% teacher are not eligible. Create a team to properly investigate all department. in india huge prob corruption. if any one corrupt take a big action. MRP price tag fixed specilly medicine  in all india.
2 0 Sir, I fails to find a proper place to type, please find for your consideration. most of the people are having phone /mobile only to call and listen calls. They are facing problems of unwanted balance deduction for VAS service offered in flash msgs by telecom operators. Those who suffer percentage of poor and illiterate is more. Hardearned money wasted. should be a rule-NO SERVICE IS TO BE ACTIVATED TILL CONFIRMATION IS VERIFIED PERSONALLY BY A TELEPHONIC CONVERSATION.
1 0 Respected Sir, I fails to find a proper place to share my views, so type here for your kind consideration. 1. I like to suggest that the toys(looks like Arms Gun, bullet etc) should be totally banned in the markets. Because firstly they attracts the children towarda use of weapons and build a ease of having a real gun. Secondly culprit people use them in Robbery etc because of more similarities of these toys with original guns , weapons etc
3 0 Due to several reasons Quality of the procurement is on stake thus role of DGS&D requires more and more attention towards quality akin to other aspects like transparency, efficiency and ease of procurement etc....
2 0 Dear Sir, I am P A Cariappa, Unless and Until " Government of India" doesn't go far " Digitalization " process, there will be a huge problem of " Corruption", " Misapproation of Funds", and also there will be a way for " Private Parties". Regards. P A cariappa
1 0 1) Faster Quality Control & release of payment to supplier. 2) Even a small vendor from village should be eligible to supply goods, irrespective of quantity, if the quality & price is good. This will boost SME. 3) Creating mobile app if possible for same 4) All coordination between vendor & govt should be online (email etc). 5) In board exam, how teacher doesn't know which students exam paper she is checking, same way, QC shouldn't know who is the supplier which test as he may do some fraud.
