1 0 DEAR SIR, I AM INTERESTED TO SUPPLY GOODS PLEASE ADVISE ME VARIOUS TENDER FOR SUPPLY. REGARDS, AMISH VALAMBHIA EMAIL ; dbvalambhia@gmail.com mobile ; 8141497880
3 0 First of all salute our Indian army and congratulation our PM and NSA Ajit sir for surgical strike in pOK. it was only 3 Km inside pakistan ,Indian army will enter 300 Km inside .Begin to see the heartpower of PM shri Narendra Modi ji .It was only trailer ,picture remained now
6 1 I would like to suggest you to call back the engineers, doctors and CAs which are living in other countries, as this is national emergency time. Please call them back for 1 year, and by government fund, create job for them, so that their knowledge can become our weapon for future life. I would request you to call back all the IITs, IIMs, ICAIs, MBBSs, MDs, Board of Directors, living outside the country so that, we can start a first step towards reducing brain drain. Respectfully yours,
2 0 Oh, the beauty of manufacturing! The quality of the Products! And the process of Delivery! Carrot is designed and processed inside the soil, treatment is provided from outside- water, fertilizer, care, and atmosphere. On time, a yellow colored arrow rooted delicious fresh vegetable that can remove the hunger with no side effect. Oh, what a wonderful power of creation and faithfulness of nature, the mother earth,and his footstool. Yet,my engineers,doctors,scientist not designed food for all child
1 0 Oh, the beauty of manufacturing! The quality of the Products! And the process of Delivery! Carrot is designed and processed inside the soil, treatment is provided from outside- water, fertilizer, care, and atmosphere. On time, a yellow colored arrow rooted delicious fresh vegetable that can remove the hunger with no side effect. Oh, what a wonderful power of creation and faithfulness of nature, the mother earth,and his footstool. Yet,my engineers,doctors,scientist not designed food for all child
4 0 Top to bottom, Farm to Blue Tech, small tools, equipment should be  manufactured and readily available to the everyday users. So, gradually changing the traditional  human sources into a skilled   potential generation. Eg, this is an era of DIGITAL and automated farming tools,that can change society, and then the nation. Science and Tech depart should monitor this matter of innovation. This refinement manufacturing sector and increase employment. New or modified tools for all levels of citizens.
1 0 It would be nice to work out joint development projects where industry gets a chance to develop products for Defence and railways.  However, basic expertise project management skills is very much required at Railways and Defence to create this type of ecosystem.
4 0 A reverse auction process may be considered where bids are placed through secure web systems.  All vendors can see rates quoted without disclosing identity of the bidder.  This is one way to ensure transparency of the procurement process.  Needless to say, very strong vendor prequalification norms must be in place and unambiguous work specifications to disallow any price escalations later
1 0 All govt purchases of equipment should be with comprehensive insurance and spares for min 5 years extendable to ten with AMC. This can eliminate low quality goods for govt use. Expected life of the equipment along with spares should be decided before tendering . it can also eliminate L1 basis quality and service problems at present in govt tendering. Reward should be granted in terms of exemptions in income tax if the service provided is good and should be on large grouped purchases of govt
3 0 There should be clear definitions for procurement of various Engineering/consultancy Services like - Feasibility study, FEED specification, Detail Engineering, Project Management, Inspection, Construction management, Lumpsum Turnkey, etc. Refer attachment for suggestions on few clauses of the Manual for Procurement of Goods.
5 0 The current practice of awarding contract to the lowest bidder is doing more harm than good in govt. purchases.This compromises quality in services that the govt gets in return.Instead  the govt can think of awarding the contract to the bidder whose bid is closest to the average of lowest and the highest bidder.This will result in better quality of jobs in govt contracts and also make it difficult to manipulate any contract by cartelisation.The project head be made responsible for quality.
2 0 SIR; There is a rise in cases of drug abuse in states and the indication of rampant drug abuse is worrisome.  The teenagers especially have techniques to modify e-cigarattes to inhale drugs which is obtained through e-commerce sites.  Online e-drugs are a threat to society.  Hence effective ban on e-drug is required.
1 0 hi sir my name is dileep, at presently iam studyning in hyderabad.Recently i went to a mechanic shop i saw a spray which is used to colour the engine,there is no MRP, no batch no etc.,means how much Indian govt loses the revenue (taxes),please go through that kind of things......
1 0 Online tender,with scores for each measures like knowledge, experience,quality of product,human/worker welfare activities,previous year experience,New skills,New innovation,plan for creating good profit,ethical measures,most importantly no party should involve more than two times in tender.& also no partner company also not allowed in standing in tender.Tender duration is 7 years.So good chance for other party to scrutinize tender if mal practice is there.Preference for students,poor,startup.
1 0 #ManualforProcurementofGoods, #ProcurementofGoods, #DepartmentofExpenditure, #PurchaseofGoods, #MyGov | https://static.mygov.in/rest/s3fs-public/mygov_14740550201024655.pdf I submitted my inputs few days ago. However, once again I would like to share the fact that SourcApp is one such indigenous BI tool which can make the entire process of Goods Procurement completely under monitoring and tracking while ensuring the Quality checks and compliance too. I seek an appointment to showcase the same.
1 0 One size doesn't fits all. Since, each dept has different  requirements, the provision for tailor made requirements through centralized tendering portal should be made. Usually, it takes time for the funds to be released from govt dept, the price quotes received are higher than usual, if release is managed, smaller businessmen will also participate in e-tendering. AMC on every product is must and should be properly evaluated.
1 0 i think government should allow any company to fill in the tenders and then rate their work Currently only a few companies have rights to fill in tenders for small things, which makes it possible for some entrepreneurs to bribe officials, who help them pass their tenders. The more easier and open the tender system, the more competitive prices would be available for work. I have personally surveyed at my workplace that price drops over 40% when you open tender to all
1 1 Its very  very nicely
0 0 in panchyats, submersible which costs not more than 35000/- bill is passed for 90000/-. books which costs not more than 600/- are charged for around 3000/- street light which costs not more than 2000/- bill is passed for 5000/- because commission is involved at every stage from Sarpanch to the passing officer, BDO, accountant etc everybody is involved in the game.
0 0 condition of prior experience can be removed in most the goods purchased by the govt. e tendering as well as payment should be made in stipulated period and directly transfered to account.
0 0 #MyGov There should be a centralized department for purchase & procurement for all central government departments. This would ensure that the entire ounce to purchase the best product at the most competitive price would be limited to one department only. This would lead to greater accountability and a single shop for control. General and fast consumed products could be purchased in bulk, leading to better price quote.
0 0 Make sales buying online. Create app or website that gives the details of the shop nearby about a specific circle and then the buyer could buy online and get it delivered within 24 hrs even in villages. Provide erickshaw or solar rickshaw to each area for delivery purpose only making payment online gives you the record through aadhar and hence no black money even if someone wants to sell something can be done online. I think is the best way using GPS and shop location and adhar this can work
0 0 1- the employees/officers/ firm /contractor involve in purchase, should declare his  and family earning annual, and some vigilance should counter check it. 2- the definition of black money should be change , it should be depend on source and nature of income, not on amount tax paid. 3- Specification should be elaborate , detail with make and model, quantity  should be made by, competent person. 4-   warranty or guaranty should be clearly specified. 5- AMC should be periodically examine.
0 0 The goods,works and consultancy became an institution complete. The processing of procurement is traditionally cumbersome delaying the execution. Thus we may procure moderate equipment with technological support.  The repair and maintenance of existing equipment and upkeep the works of emollients of institution.  The fund as grant in aid to government, semi government and autonomous organizations may be restricted to 40 per cent for repair maintenance and upkeep process of existing items
0 0 Quality of goods and tax amount need to be reviewed. Do focus on transparency of trade.
0 0 We should have standard procurement and service contract conditions to be used at all levels of the central, state and local municipalities with expected measurable quality norms. The quality certification of the construction work must be done by independent party like DNV, KPMG, BV and thereafter only payment should be released to the contractors and suppliers.
0 0 1. Quality for any item is important; So, the BIS certification is a must for every govt. purchase and it is to be done at no cost. i,e, getting BIS certification should not be  a cost component. This will encourage every one to get certification from BIS. 2. Review of BIS standards to be frequent in line with international standards and our testing labs to have adequate facility 3. Tax rebate can be considered for those who provide quality products
1 0 Formulating a uniform policy, implementation and its execution while all the goods are different in nature having different quality standards, units of measurement and there is always a life cycle starting the procurement from the very first point till the last point needs a proper tracking and monitoring. An appropriate tracking and monitoring system can make sure that all the stakeholders perform their duty and answerable to the system. SourcApp is one such ERP software.
0 0 There should be a centralized department for purchase & procurement for all central government departments. This would ensure that the entire ounce to purchase the best product at the most competitive price would be limited to one department only. This would lead to greater accountability and a single shop for control. General and fast consumed products could be purchased in bulk, leading to better price quote.
0 0 Any procurement in the government should be made compulsorily through online e- procurement system to maintain transparency and quality of goods supplied as per specifications . all government servant shall be given training on e-procurement process  through NIFM Faridabad
0 0 The procurement to our country is needed with people of India involvement.Policy  will be drafted separate for metro city,tier-I city and tier-2 cite and District headquarters.But the rules will be nationalized.The quality,Quantity will be one nation mode.We cant average all things on certain period of time.If the local people involvement is there then the security problem will not be more complex.The draft needed more focus on the end producers increasing margin mode.Thanks you.
1 0 Hon. PM concept in respect to election system is positive,but, I want to suggest that, Election period for all types of election cannot be same, due to our federal democracy system given by constitution, e.i.,LS election 1996,1998,1999 etc. possibilities should be considered, further, any person by Immotionallly blackmail to public or by misleading the people by humor elected in all sector will harshly damage the democracy, e.i.AAP, or Some regional social/community leader,etc. best wishes,thank
0 0 Cont.. 4)isi/bis is lethargic department it doesn't upgrade design and Procurement rules require bis/isi in such case even when we request bis/isi to update it doesn't update for years in such case it becomes disadvantage, how will you help in such cases?
0 0 Sir,Procurement of goods is inherently corrupt in government and doesn't give fair chance to all.Your e-commerce type application for goods is good following points needs considering. 1)goods certified as made in India are mainly cheap Chinese imports and just tagged/brand as made in India,how will you separate fake? 2)if made in India goods are not given priority then your make in India will be futile.3)misuse of isi/bis tag is rampant and many don't renew their license and no action is taken
0 0 the purchases should be made thru the following channels 1. requisition with justification with Budget Control 2. qc person will put a stamp & sign on checked dispatch goods which shall be accessible on the basis of which in house qc person will check random inwards and will allow the complete shipment to offload 3. there should be defined policy of payments ONLINE/thru any other modes to avoid any impressions 4. fast moving and lesser moving stocks should be stocked properly to avoid
0 0 some suggestions 1. cl.3.4.6:Grading should be reverse so that higher limits can be further classified. 2. 3.3.8.l:no emd or sd for registered firms is NOT a good idea as these are for compliance and adherence to tender conditions. 3. 3.3.8:Registration process of 3 years and new registration at any time. Renewal process for registered firm should start 1 year before its registration expiry. [Due to paucity of time I am not able to comment for all] Piyush Kumar Mathur 9968282919
1 0 Encouraging make in India is very good initiative and thought.Gradually we should avoid dependency on China import.China cannot accept less business with India. Chinease economy cannot bear less business with India and than he will compromise on every front.Purchase policy should be transparent and open tender system is good.It should be monitored by two governing body separately to further avoid controversies.Quality and CAG audit should be given priority before procurement.
0 0 Details attached in the doc. May be helpful. However time is too short to study 200+ page policy document, link it with our own experiences and submit parawise changes. It is my personal opinion that experience gained through Vigilance/CBI inquiries, should now be taken into account and converted into proactive approach. Independent teams should be formed to study and standardise estimate procedures and tender documents atleast in most frequently procured common items.
0 0 in my opinion the procedure for purchase of goods,works & consultancy should be based on open tender system. and process should be based/ checked on 4 levels, 1- registered and well known contractors/tream/company 2- departmental head, 3- ministerial or bureaucracy of that division, 4- and finel it should b checked by anti corruption team at any time, so that all four person always alert for their job  and finely quality,quantity and corruption related faults responsiblity to 4th level.
0 0 A table in (reception) front of every Govt office with the officers of anti corruption board can be control bribes and corruption
0 0 A Consumer Channel can be launch to upload pictures and videos of problems which consumer facing with product producers then Indian public can get best products
0 0 1. Restriction on mention of brand name in indents for purchase should be removed. However a procedure for prior acknowledgement of approved brands must be established.
0 0 My suggestion is that.  govt should have a pricing management system that marks the guidelines for all goods in our country just like we have govt guideline for land. given the product name the system should provide a guideline. There by govt/people can procure whatever goods from whomever sell close to the guideline.
1 0 It is very important to have ideal policy of purchases of goods..etc for departments, Generally tender issued for purchases of goods, it is ideal policy, but each and every purchases, to issue tender will be time consuming and costly,expensive, and cost effective due to wasting of time,there should be procedure to fix the standard rate with quality, procurement time, and cost etc. should be considered while determining the policies of purchases of goods or services in large public interest,thank
0 0 sir all reservations of sc st widow etc and what about divorcy
0 0 Dear sir, I am, P A Cariappa, " Great work".
0 0 The DGS&D tendering is very slow. The time to submit tenders and process are very high (45/60 days). Many times the lowest tenders are necessarily the best choices, even if they technically meet the specs. There has to be provision for selecting best suitable rather than best price.
0 0 Devise Vendor Management strategy by developing a Vendor Protocol.
0 0 As Ministry of power supplying LED lamp with EESL why not Railway & other Govt organisation getting bulk procurement on same pattern still CFL are being used or new purchase being made from local market on 6 times high why dual standard of purchase. EESL may offer to Govt too. Other Side EESL selling LED & 15 Cr sold against target of 72Cr why not one month LPG subsidy convert into LED to All LPG consumer so target may achieve & 21Cr saving convert in to 100cr per day within one month.
0 0 In Government sector Purchase normally done from DGS&d. On computer, laptop etc having huge loop hole as All items are 2years downgraded & when they supply to govt gets much more older & offered rates are high as on present day. Thus Govt using a down grade technology items at very high cost, as supplier till it supply to govt actual cost of product gets very low so make delay too for Getting more & more profit.Something a fast procurement process should be made to save huge pilferage
0 0 Sir,  procurement must be from manufactures only. No middle man should be there. Open registration for new firm every year. Quality should be checked at every step. Warranty and extended warranty of goods should be applied. Online tenders only. Firms under  startup, stand-up,  make in India will be given priority. Thanks
0 0 Sir,  is it nice for a PM to allow a pvt Company to use his name for a new brand like jio in the name of digital India?  Please don't allow any one to point out it. Thanks
0 0 INDIA GONE INTO MUD FROM 1947 FROM UPA AND ALL OF PARTY AND LEADERS.
0 0 ADVISOR,PLANNER,Policy Maker corrupt & doing corruption with the customers but till now the govt of INDIA DID NOT BUILD ANY RULES REGULATION TERMS CONDITIONS TO STOP THE CORRUPTION. GOVT OF INDIA & ITS DEPARTMENT DO NOT WANTED TO CHANGE THE RULES REGULATION TERMS CONDITION OF THE DEPARTMENT/PLANNING TO REDUCE PREVENT CHANGE THE CORRUPTION OF THE INDIA. CAUSE ALL THE OFFICERS R EITHER NOT ABLE FIT CAPABLE TO SOLVE THE PROBLEMS POPULATION POLLUTION CORRUPTION PROSTITUTIONS OR DO NOT WANT TO SOLVE?
0 0 Standards are important, simple things like pavements - if GOI can standardise size, quality, life of a pavement so much money can be saved by local govt and municipal corporations.
0 0 Most of the govt departments end up wasting money by procuring ad hoc. A simple online quarterly requirement portal must be linked up to buy in bulk for state and central requirements. Standardisation will help saving a lot of tax money and while negotiating. Simply put - a vendor will give a better rate for 100 tons of cement bags instead of 1 ton every 8 months. Standardisation will help governments at all level create a decent look all across.
0 0 Intruments procrument policy is soo slow in new aiims..plz take initiatives
1 0 Govt has established new Aiims in raipur bhopal etc..they are recruiting superspecialist doctors..no facilities for using their service..lack of hospital infrastucture..lack of instruments.. no good quality residential place...why they should join..wastage of the time n talents..govt should take rapid action to provide adequate working environment with infrastructure n all kind of support...stop estalishing more new aiims rather consolidate existing seven aiims..
0 0 Digital india program also add with Procurement of good policy. E-registration and e-tendering process and etc. Active inside of digital india program.
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, MY SUGGESTIONS TO PRACTICALLY ACT FOR 'SABKA SAATH SABKA VIKAS" THROUGH THE REVISION OF PROCUREMENT POLICY, IS ATTACHED AS A PDF FILE HEREWITH. I WISH ALL THE BEST FOR THE GOVERNMENTS PERFORMANCE. THANK YOU, TRUSTWORTHY, MR. SHEKHAR SALUNKE
0 0 Although it is relevent here but Govt. must look into the problems of MSME Sector and in fact PMO should start discussions on this topic also.  Apart from financial problems, MSME Sector faces is the place to work.  Small manufacturers spends whole life working on rental places.  Govt. must start discussion on this topic
0 0 No doubt E-Registration and E-Tendering is the best way to procure the Goods.  But most important is the E Registration should have minimum requirements of TIN No.  Just like CIBIL Score is required for Financial Status of a Person, some sort of Quality Grading should be provided to the manufacturers.  One more important point is to give preference to MSME units.
2 0 1 billions scientists researchers PhD holders professors r there in INDIA. HAD THEY FOUND THE SOLUTION OF INCREASING POPULATION,POLLUTION, CORRUPTION,TERRORISM,AIDS,CYBER ECONOMIC CRIMES,FINANCIAL FRAUDS,COMMERCIALISM PROBLEMS OF INDIA? TILL NOW NO. WHY.WHAT WAS THE REASON BEHIND IT R THEY ABLE FIT CAPABLE TO DO THEIR DUTIES,JOB.R THEIR PLANNING,RULES,REGULATIONS,TERMS,CONDITIONS,LAWS R PERFECT,PRACTICAL, REAL,TRUE,AUTHENTIC? R THEY USING BUDGET HONESTLY ? ABSOLUTELY NOT BUT THEY R DOING DISHONE
0 0 THEY ABLE FIT CAPABLE TO DO THEIR DUTIES,JOB.R THEIR PLANNING,RULES,REGULATIONS,TERMS,CONDITIONS,LAWS R PERFECT,PRACTICAL, REAL,TRUE,AUTHENTIC? R THEY USING BUDGET HONESTLY ? ABSOLUTELY NOT BUT THEY R DOING DISHONESTY,CORRUPTION.THEY R NOT HONEST,ABLE,FIT,CAPABLE,SINCERE TO SOLVE ALL TYPES OF PROBLEMS/MAJOR/SERIOUS & SIMPLE PROBLEMS OF INDIA/ASIA/WORLD. THAT WAS THE REASON THAT THEY R NOT MAKING/CREATING/BUILDING PROPER INTELLIGENT,APPROPRIATE POLICIES,RULES,REGULATION,SCHEMES,TERMS,CONDITIONS,
0 0 Buy Indian goods should be motto. This will compliment Make in India goals. Include a clause in the manuals that says "every effort should be made to procure India made products prior to going global".
0 0 Please provide at least 30,000 for preparing toilets to gramin poor people i cant think why goverment is joking with poor people how it is possible to built a toilet at rs 4000
1 0 What if the procurement can be made from the Fair Price Shop and government Co-Operatives. The can keep the fast moving goods, whereas special orders can be processed and delivered within a few days lead time. In this way the goods can be made available to a large range of people. #ProcurementofGoods #PurchaseofGoods
