1 0 There will be solution, even date even numbers passing car run on road and odd date odd number car run on road .also outer car of Mumbai heavy fees paid for running in city.outer ex.of London city
2 0 There is only one solution to all problems viz.Pollution, parking, traffic jams in all the big cities. The solution is that all personal vehicles should be purchased on Cash and no loan shall be provided for purchase of personal vehicle be it Two wheeler or Four wheeler. There is one more logic for this. If a person do not have money for purchase of vehicle now then how he will maintain that vehicle and pay the installment. Initially Implement this solution for one year and see the result.
1 0 To address the issues relating to traffic in general: 1. Exempt vehicles upto 10 years age from PUC certificate.'Achche Din'. 2. Make the road cotractor responsible for levelling the Drainage Covers as well. 3. Keep the footpaths encroachment free. This will push the pedestrians where they belong. 4. Put Timers at all the signals. 5. Make left turns free for two wheelers at all times. Driving once made stress free, many problems including parking will start easing. Give facilities and training.
2 0 Indian Railways have millions of sq. ft space free on their land, so government can it & even government can develope second floor on terminals to use as parking & underground multi storey buildings are also a good option
1 0 1. Parking on the side of the roads should not be allowed. 2. At the present open parking spaces, new multistorey mechanical parking should be constructed. Use of local architects and artists can make these parking places blend with the existing architecture. 3. New underground multi storey parking places at the bus depot (over the bus depot) should be constructed.
1 0 Separate wing for parking needs to be developed. Parking area needs to be identified to avoid hindarance to traffic. Automated parking system needs to be developed means a car Parker should come in front of a pillar constructed by the new wing in that pillar he needs to raise a ticket for hour and day basis. The ticket should display the expiry of parking time. If car Parker fails to renew a reminder needs to sms to his mobile. A software needs to be developed for top up his parking account.
3 0 I have a detailed innovative Parking solution for all congested areas anywhere including Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore. It is a game changer as it offers an out of the box solution. I can make a presentation too. Where do I send the details.
0 0 If public transport system is made cheaper,faster & good quality, I don't think people will use private vehicles. This will solve most of the problems like traffic jam, pollution (Noise + air). At present conditions the quality of Road is so bad this results in more traffic jam, this increase air & noise pollution.  The local corporators should
0 0 I heard that in China , there are restictions like number of vehicles allowed. Why cant we bring rules like number of cars this much only allowed in the city? That will reduce the pollution, pedestrains can walk fine, restricted traffic etc. Other can do car pooling. India is small country compare to population. everyone needs car that will bring restrictions in space. So we can bring this kind of rules.
2 0 Providing a few parking lots here and there will not help solve anything. It is more or less like Railway terminals being constructed piecemeal. No other city would have so many rail terminals-CST, Dadar, LTT and now Parel (proposed) on CR and BCT and BDTS on WR. By the time a new terminal becomes functional search begins for a new one eg new CST remodelling vis-a-vis Parel.
0 0 The Island city is packed with old buildings which have no parking space for its residents/users. Commercial buildings in south Mumbai colaba/Masjid/Nariman point/kabadevi area etc attract many visitors during the day for business purposes and use of cars cannot be wished away. What is required is a whole scrapping of the city and rebuilding it with tower structures with all required facilities. This will cost a packet but not something that cannot be afforded. It requires political will.
1 0 increase car parking space by mandating that any private or public building will have atleast 2 =3 levels of basement and stilt parking including for visitors parking. also encourage private builders to make public car parking spaces..where they can put higher tariff than usual...
0 0 create safe and authorised parking lots and have high rates so that people have the option to park but are still deterred from it.
0 0 I believe that the fines for traffic related offences should be very heavy. (Of course, this is assuming that the traffic police accepts no bribes, else this serves no purpose.) If a vehicle parked on the street causes nuisance in the area, then the fine should be so heavy that the next time, people will have to think twice about where they Park. This would probably help create some traffic discipline, by maybe organizing the currently disorganized traffic scenario.
0 0 Take Inventory of open spaces and potential areas that can be used / developed for parking. The municipal corporation can take the lead in digitizing the inventory of such spaces. Concessionaire organization can contribute capital! Citizens can be asked to pay a subscription fee such as monthly / yearly for a competitive price! higher price on demand can be made available.!Govt may consider some nominal amount like a parking cess! A mobile App can provision , charge n manage this operations!!
0 0 Mumbai is the Financial Capital of India & also a very Vibrant city with lots of Cultural Heritage. Parking has Been a long term challenge as the number of Two wheelers/cars/mini trucks etc on the roads are increasing every day. Few options.Maximum 2 cars per Family,No drive Time zone for Mini Trucks/Goods Carrier During Peak Hours,Vertical Parking,Floating Parking islands on sea, Use Empty parking of Shopping Malls & Most Important Follow Traffic Rules.
1 0 Make it compulsory for builders to make enough parking spaces to in the residential buildings / offices to accommodate vehicles of all inhabitants. In Mumbai parking spaces are sold quite at handsome money, and that will motivate builders to do so. Also it should be made mandatory to the flat/office owners to buy enough parking space for vehicle under their ownership. Govt can attract people to buy parking spaces by offering tax exemption for area of parking spaces bought by them.
0 1 4. Purchase of new vehicle should be discouraged by strict policies like high taxation etc. Public transport system should be improved by providing efficient, comfortable & punctual rapid transit systems. 5 Officials travelling to same office or area should be encouraged for pooling by giving incentives or charging high parking fees for individuals compared to shared vehicles.
0 1 1. I agree with what many of the members have suggested. We should create adequate multi level parking system from basements onwards at various locations, in shopping malls etc.. No roadside parking should be permitted. 2. Residential building should have their own parking in basement. 3. All parking should be automated, and operated by smart cards. For this purpose all vehicle must have GPS system fitted so that their location & parking can be monitored.
0 0 1) Car Pooling in offices should be Mandatory, which will reduce the number of Vehicles 2) Automated Multilevel Parking needs to be create, Basement & Roof parking need to be created 3) Strict Car Parking policies are required. Which will make sure people should not park vehicles unwanted place. 4) Laws to purchase Vehicles as per parking availability. 5) 90 dgr, 60 dgr and 45 dgr parking lots need to be prepare for easy parking facility
0 0 The government should acquire some shops in every street of mumbai and convert them to a multi level multi story parking. The people should not be asked to pay parking fees but instead the shop owners in that row or offices in that row must pay for the parking. In New York, they have multistorey parking in every street and also have a robust system of metro trains running under the earth and over the head connecting whole city. Public transport like bus services must be encouraged.
0 0 Sir, Atikraman should not be parental property. As gov.. Help to one person or couple to survive  in city they make atikraman and next generation of this family not need  to continue same support.making rule or jan hit ya hike by govt. to court govt. can clear so many atikraman. Because govt. not punished to son because of father so not need to give home because of father. In today time. Middle class people live on rent for 20years and pay Home loan for next 20 years.and so many govt. schemes.
0 0 we can have underground parking at the busy places which would give a secure place to the cars as well as a good deal of space to the streets.
0 0 Get Rotating High Rise Car Parks. That will be a Game Changer. Make Tourism (low hanging ripe fruit which can create millions of jobs) a Priority by identifying areas based on history which made India a Great Country. Get experts to design & implement a vibrant Tourism Policy & for max gains integrate it into Schools, all forms of Media (movies, serials etc) & even give boost awareness by including names of areas in popular filmi songs/serials (like it is in Aaati kya Khandala).
0 0 1. The link for "The draft policy can be seen here" does not working. So, I don't know what is in the draft policy can you please able to take care so I will research and submit my views. Thank you, Harshit
1 0 Go vertical..would be my suggestion..throw away the horizontal ideas..
0 0 Can we use this? http://inhabitat.com/future-dutch-roadways-made-of-recycled-plastic-will... I wish platforms can be used as shown. If plastic is not viable..we have gypsum sheets available..where IIT Madras has shown it can used for flooring..this will reduce perennial digging of roads...for different purposes...this reduces time, saves money, quick execution as well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hTp2VGVPyA
0 0 Any city of India should be made freed of housings, that are not suitable to live - which includes slums. India could have technological tie-up with Japan in the area of Real Estate Infrastructure. Japanese people have successfully made high rise buildings in earth quake prone areas and have maintained those buildings effectively. India must remove all the slums, villages and unsafe buildings, by replacing them with 200 + floors buildings, which are interlinked on every 50 floors thru metro.
0 0 The link does not work. Also tried from a remote cloud server. Please fix the link: wget http://cdn.mygov.nic.in/bundles/frontendgeneral/pdf/parking-policy-20122... --2015-07-08 18:09:53--  http://cdn.mygov.nic.in/bundles/frontendgeneral/pdf/parking-policy-20122... Resolving cdn.mygov.nic.in (cdn.mygov.nic.in)... 164.100.83.3 Connecting to cdn.mygov.nic.in (cdn.mygov.nic.in)|164.100.83.3|:80... failed: Connection timed out.
0 0 1) Car Pooling in offices should be Mandatory, which will reduce the number of Vehicles 2) Automated Multilevel Parking needs to be create, Basement & Roof parking need to be created 3) Strict Car Parking policies are required. Which will make sure people should not park vehicles unwanted place. 4) Laws to purchase Vehicles as per parking availability. 5) 90 dgr, 60 dgr and 45 dgr parking lots need to be prepare for easy parking facility
0 0 Multilevel parking with automated very good one, this can be coupled with solar energy
0 0 Car pooling concept is best way to minimise the road congestion. Also govt can build super market in PPP model and can incentivise and subsidise the traders for shifting there shops from densely congested place. It will help to expand the footpath as well as fly over can be built and we can use the ground portion as parking place. Also we can built underground parking. Govt should impose penalty as well as imprisionment for human encroachment of foot path areas.
0 0 The reality is that the city does not have space for cars.  Use of public transportation should be encouraged, ply more buses, if needed A/C buses, so that people stop using cars in Mumbai. However,the best way to solve Mumbai's problem is to ease Mumbai from congestion. There should be very strong incentive to move businesses to Navi Mumbai/Thane area. Build excellent infrastructure and other facilities in Navi Mumbai/Thane area which will encourage businesses and people to move to these areas.
0 0 Parking problem and even traffic problem will resolve with below IDEA : e.g. Just move some big IT companies from proper Mumbai to 50 km away. this way if any disaster will come then some of the companies will not get affected. Train/Road traffic will get diverted. all problem will get resolve automatically.
0 0 Parking problem is a resultant of two other problems. a) absence of reliable / affordable / clean / comfortable public transport. b) no parking space. Need to have multi-level parking - atleast, 100/1000 families / houses. No new RWA should be approved by local bodies if it's without MLPs.
0 0 On Street Parking - Off Street Parking ! Is there place left on street for parking? Where people will walk? Have you consider how hawkers will use road there after? Even MCGM is well aware about this facts. Instead Govt should focus to make parking towers in prime areas. Why can't we make 30-50 floor parking towers. Just imagine how much cars can be accommodated in such buildings even we can half of the suggested. Prime Areas like Nariman Point, Dadar, Bandra, Andheri, Juhu etc.
0 0 And we can make an app on mobile where we can pay the charges on BMC app directly with mobile banking there with major service provider this can be done easily this will also solve problem of fake pay and park.
0 0 Sir in Mumbai BMC has made foot path on every roads which is a good innitative but where roads are small or only 2 lanes making footpath on both sides is not advisable. Also people should walk on them and hawkers should not be allowed to set up shops there. Due to this people don't walk on footpath made for them and there is no space for cars. Many places near church gate station pay and park charges is 80-100 rs pe hour there should be a unified charges Continued on next post
0 0 On parkings we should have footpaths compulsory on all roads and people particularly should be made to walk on  footpaths to avoid any accidents. Stopping of cars on narrow roads should be completely stopped. Double parkings on road should be completely avoided as they disturb vehicular traffic. Sufficient parking slots should be built so that when people come out in their vehicles they can park in the slots and finish their work and move away.
0 0 Give permissions without formalities  to buildings where builders have not built sufficient car parkings if they have sufficient space underground or otherwise. Handing over of convenience within 3 months of the OC should be made compulsory or the builder should be straightaway put in jail. The problems being faced for parking are due to the fact that builders are thinking that nobody can tough them for the wrongs they do.
0 0 Though this is not for parking policy I would like to suggest to build coastal metro along with coastal road for better public transport as more ppl use rail than road. In the meanwhile pls build a flyover connecting bandra flyover to tulsi pipe road make it one way towards north till haji ali. make haji ali-tardeo-operahouse-babulnath-pedder road-haji ali a ring road. make worli/shivaji park road one way from haji ali to mahim church. call +9820341432 for more
0 0 Respected PM, Maintaining Parking vehicles is a big business. We have to go down for 5 or more levels to keep the cars parking. Based on time charging is done. On surface parking hourly charges will be collected and fines to be imposed for delayed pick ups.
0 0 Construction of building is going on without looking into the infrastructure availability especially for movement of vehicles and parking;-there should be exclusive multi layer parking area wherever there is a glut of high rise building also there should be ban on parking both side of roads where ever grater movement of vehicles especially looking into the time of the movement of vehicles.Encroachment of the foot path is the greatest menace for parking of vehicles especially railway station etc
0 0 Multi story car park can be built at BEST bus depots starting from Congestion area. BEST can use part of the it, the rest can be used by public
0 0 There should be a congestion zone charged for areas where only Taxi's are allowed. This should fund the public transport projects. All parking facilities (in Government and Private Offices) in Mumbai (where only Taxi's are allowed) should be taken over by Mumbai municipality should be charged. This would lead to use of Public Transport. The funds generated can be used for providing better urban transport.
0 0 1.The Only way the Street Motor Vechicle Parking can be made sensible is to have them Underground & Charge them 2.Parking on Streets must not be Allowed & All Malls Must be asked to Allow Motor Vechicle Parking at Monthly/Quarterly/Half Yearly/Yearly ON Fee Based to De Congest the Footpath & Streets.
0 0 From my previous comment... 3. Premium Parking spots can be identified at each designed parking areas around the city. A smart card should be provided to a consumer, availing him to enter any premium parking spot. This can be integrated with a mobile application/website, where a user can book 1 unit of parking space for a particular time limit. The card may be used at toll plazas regulated by bmc. Charge of the card can be decided accordingly.
0 0 I'm listing out few points that can be added in the proposed policy: 1.Unused area of BEST undertaking bus depots can be used for parking private vehicles. Premium charge can be charged and the fee collected by BEST regulated by BMC. 2. Free spaces in Private owned lands like petrol pumps, malls, etc can be allowed to lease the part of their land for parking purposes by a fee regulated by bmc. This can be availed by paying the fee on monthly basis. .. To next comment.
0 0 Shopping districts, arrange for paid road side parking. If people park in order it will cause less congestion. Put restriction on total businesses operating off large malls to the size of parking they have.
0 0 If I do an evil action, I must suffer for it: There is no power in the universe to stay or stop it.
0 0 Let us wipe off first that mark which nature always puts on the forehead of slave - the stain of jealousy. Be jealousy of none. Be ready to lend a hand to every worker of good. Send good thought for every being in the three words.
0 0 In whatever you do for a particular person city or state. Assume the same attitude towards it as you have towards your children. Except nothing in return.
0 0 Whatever the policy, ensure that the fire Brigade Engine is freely able to move without obstruction in all the areas, lanes and by-lanes. Not only in Mumbai this should be the policy throughout the nation. In a recent case Fire Brigade could not reach the spot in Kalbadevi in Mumbai.
0 0 Mumbai runs through Local trains, we need to start building parking on these stations (on top of them including the tracks) hence utilizing that space, this will also eliminate the road side parking and smooth flow of traffic and even the cabs / Autos should be assigned space so roads have a free movement of vehicles. In terms of cost this will be much more beneficial as no new land needed to be acquired and the network of local trains and station will make life easier for everyone.
0 0 I think Mumbai requires a totally INNOVATIVE and Out-of-Box...constructing space without disturbing traffic and inconveniencing public....My suggestion is GO UNDERGROUND...we have enough technology...CREATE UNDERGROUND parking along the ROADs. Use any Govt open/Encroached spaces go 3~4 floors below surface plus up by another 3~4 Floors. Have a competition for BEST DESIGNS SUITABLE FOR MUMBAI..Experiment with this give contracts Worldwide FOR TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER to Indian Engineering Contractors.
1 0 We got a rule to give completion certificate for builder if he has given a real parking space for people. Like for business complex, if parking place is not provided then completion certificate is not granted. But all this provision of parking space is done only during documentation but not practically! And surprisingly you can see shops in those "provided parking space"! This should be stopped.
0 0 study of Mumbai heavy-parking areas similar to "Background on Proposed Parking Changes in Salt Lake City" , we to can have a better way of managing the parking. reference URL & PDF http://www.slcgov.com/background-proposed-parking-changes-salt-lake-city http://www.slcdocs.com/mayor/parking052912.pdf
2 0 Parking problems can be sorted out to some extent PARTICULARLY during evening/night , if  the cars are not taken out all the days by car owners.They should be allotted 3 days a week to take out their cars. In case of emergency OR Otherwise , they should be chraged some amount if they park their cars at any place. Parking time should also be considered strictly.
1 0 A seprate parking space should be made on each side of the road,so that the cars can be parked on the roads in a queue.It will also save the money for building the parking plots.
1 0 Dear Sir, In my view 1. We should convince people to use more and more public transport. 2. People should be charged heavily for parking anywhere outside   their residence. 3. Even and Odd number policy should be followed so people will use their private vehicles on alternate days. 4. For different areas in the city weekly off should be on  different days of the week. 5. Public transport should be strengthened so that people will opt for it.
1 0 no new building - redidential or commercial, new or redeveloped, should be allowed without incorporation of parking space for all residents, guests and emergency vehicles (fire engine, ambulance, police etc)
1 0 Install Solar powered Parking meters every where. Let credit / Deit card be the mode of payment or fees Make out alternate slots of 20 Cars Parallel parked and 30 motor cycles each continuously all over Mumbai/ Thane/ Navi Mumbai/ Kalyan and all neighbouring cities. Keep the cost Minimal as 1 Re for 1 Hr and 5 Rs for 2 Hrs 20 Rs for 3 50 for 4 Hrs 100 Rs from 6 Hrs to Full day    appoint Inspectors with e Box to charge fine and give them 20% of fines as incentive apart from Small salary
1 0 9. Second four wheeler for a family shall be heavily taxed. 10. Min. 2 people shall travel excluding driver or may be penalised.
2 0 5. While keeping Ground floor Hollow for Parking, to resist Earthquake foreces, Toilet and Utility Block's Min. 2 walls shall be of Shear Walls and must extend on Ground floor as well as deepest Basement 6. Reservation of Land @ every 400 to 500 m  for Multi-level parking and strictly be used for the purpose. 7. additional to no. 2, Compound wall & Security cabin etc. be allowed to be constructed after 5 m road side margin of Visitor Parking. 8. Letter of Intent system adopted as in singapore
1 0 1. In Every Metro, Parking laws shall not be relaxed. Atleast Parking shall be equal to the Built up are or total FSI used. Relaxed parking requirement leads to insufficient parking. 2. each premise, wether be residential or commercial, min. front 5 m shall be kept for Visitor Parking and strickly can not be used by resident/ occupiers of the buildings. 3. Visitor parking of 20% of FSI shall be insisted on Ground floor only. 4. RFID Toll System for entering CBD area during Peak Hours
0 1 Major parking problems are near railway stations and office premises, keeping these locations in mind, we can easily see that parking on particular dates and times wont make much of a difference, we need a more solid solution for it. and hence I suggest why not go for underground parking lots under or near by railway stations and working areas. these underground structures can be huge, and can be build under existing structures as well, they only need to be at a relatively safe depth.
0 0 1. From 8 am to 8 pm no medium or heavy vehicles should enter, ply pr park in the city 2. On even & odd number dates, cars ending with even & odd numbers respectively should be allowed to ply 3. Very strict parking laws and execution. Major part of the fines should be used for the upgrading equipments of the people working on ground. Extensive use of excellent cameras 4. Automatic transfer of fined amount from the owner's to the Govt 5. graded % of the fined amount should go the officer.
1 0 Dear Sir, Parking policy should have following, 1. In Central / Commercial area parking should be time bounded plus additional fines if extended time limit. 2. Each new building should build  parking spaces per flat plus some addition Parking slots in exchange of additional FSI 3. Multi-storage parking And also  under ground parking below gardens , grounds. 4. Additional parking slots of building should give on leased to Mumbai mahanagar palika.
1 0 I have designed a concrete multilivel flyover which can move traffic in all 12 direcions signal free and which would take less space compared to cloverleaf model and can be constructed where only 2 lane is available on either side.Since it is public utility item I want that Govt of India to patent it and sell to other countries also I have checked in all web sites and not found any model maching my design Please take up this matter
1 0 There are only two alternates. Building multy tier parking building. Or reducing no. vehicles, which can be done by many people traveling in one vehicle. One rule should be enforced that all organizations having total staff / workers /officers more than say 15 must arrange staff bus / vehicle / SUV as required. This will encourage all to travel by common vehicle simultaneously reducing load on public transport like suburban trains and BEST buses.
0 0 Dear Premier ! I think For the parking much more lake of public place, so what can we do for that ? Is it possible that if we can make like a flyover type round place over the roads ?
0 0 Dear Premier ! I think For the parking much more lake of public place, so what can we do for that ? Is it possible that if we can make like a flyover type round place over the roads ?
0 0 Dear Premier ! I think For the parking much more lake of public place, so what can we do for that ? Is it possible that if we can make like a flyover type round place over the roads ?
0 0 Dear Sir, continued to below, When anybody will be out with his vehicle he will either go to his working place, mall, market, hospital, cinema hall, government office, bank etc. all the locations parking facility is required. As we can not imagine a complete home or commercial space without parking facility. Hence residential places parking should be mandatory and public places also it should be mandatory during construction and for existing places government should construct parking building
0 0 Dear Sir, Parking policy should have following, 1. Each new building should consider one or two parking spaces per flat. 2. Mumbai mahanagar palika should build parking buildings and should be encouraged to use it. 3. All the malls and commercial buildings should have enough parking space for the staff and visitors. 4. All new hospitals should be equipped with parking spaces for their staff and visitors.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji, Firstly, the government should implement the rule of minimum two passenger driving especially in the metro cities where people prefer travelling by cars rather than public transport for their luxury. Single person driving should be penalized. This thing will not only help in reducing the pollution but will also help with the parking space. Also if you cannot share your car with anyone else then pay extra duty for the transport.
0 0 Not only Mumbai but another big cities also need parking as many of people park their vehicles on the road and it is one of the main reason for the mismanagement in traffic. Even the government must provide a parking which is either free of cost or at very much nominal charges.
0 0 By creating an apartment for storing cars The two effects are 1-It will take less space which is very important in mumbai and also in most cities 2-it will not take any zam like structure And another way to increase public transport and telling rich people also to use it it will be common for all
0 0 Dear Priministe Modi jee -Firstly we would like to know the reasons of usage of personal Vehicles? -In case people are using vehicles on the road we should promote sharing vehicles. Like in case a car has all 4 seats occupied, that car should get a different Lane. -Need to address issues related to Public transport. It will increase chances of Employment too.
0 0 -In highly populated cities like Mumbai where people don't have place to live,it's our responsibility to come apart from our comforts and use public transports. -Don't use vehicles for short distances.(Also good for health.) -Company/college should provide their own buses ,so that individual will not use vehicle. -If we have to do something ,just wake up!
0 0 -In highly populated cities like Mumbai where people don't have place to live,it's our responsibility to come apart from our comforts and use public transports. -Don't use vehicles for short distances.(Also good for health.) -Company/college should provide their own buses ,so that individual will not use vehicle. -If we have to do something ,just wake up!
0 0 -In highly populated cities like Mumbai where people don't have place to live,it's our responsibility to come apart from our comforts and use public transports. Don't use vehicles for short distances.(Also good for health.). -Company/college should provide their own buses ,so that individual will not use vehicle. -If we have to do something ,just wake up!
0 0 Parking problem arise due to lack of space mgt. and parking mafia if we can link cars owner via GPRS enable parking cards/ parking operating machines and designate parking space. we can increase revenue of the corporation and also we get a computerized data of residence and offices of all parking cars with the data we can interlink car owners to car  pool.
0 0 I have an idea of parking solution. Please let me know how to submit .My e mail ID is tsnarayan@yahoo.in
0 0 In India all metro city parking problem very difficult due to unlimited vehicle on the Road if even  single man on the road without own car. In future if the govt has not bold step on transport in future this is very difficulty to  aam adami for going any where move on the road Don't use vehicles for short distances. -Company/college should provide their own buses ,so that individual will not use vehicle. -If we have to do something ,just wake up!
0 1 In Indian cities parking has become very difficult due to lack of space as roads are narrow. This needs to be tackled in several ways; 1. Provide multi-storey parking towers where congestion is maximum. 2. Improve public transport including local trams and trains. 3. Encourage use of bicycles as in many European cities. 4. In all city expansions, ensure extra parking is provided for and for which charges can be levied.
0 0 #Suggestion: -In highly populated cities like Mumbai where people don't have place to live,it's our   responsibility to come apart from our comforts and use public transports. -Don't use vehicles for short distances.(Also good for health.) -Company/college should provide their own buses ,so that individual will not use vehicle. -If we have to do something ,just wake up!
0 0 ....owner of vehicle can travel a distance of 1 km only without any passenger, may pick passengers from bus stops, which may leave more space in buses. Even motorcyclists can pool by having a pillion rider on way to their destination ( mobile apps can help ). Though this steps may reduce state govts revenue to some extent, it may help in a better life for mumbaikars.
0 0 ......allow free parking ( state governments are collecting road tax, one time tax ) in by lanes on one side on odd and even dates with boards re designed as the one used in PUNE, ( pvt lanes in industrial areas leasing parking to pvt bidders, e.g. REUBEN PAY N PARK, in connivance with local traffic division ) reduce M.C.G.M. car parking charges ( only the bidder has to be present at the parking lot, not another contractor who is sublet the auction won ), CAR POOLING.....
0 0 READ CAREFULLY. Remove Autos and Taxis, increase number of CNG airconditioned buses, the jobless drivers of autos and taxis be absorbed to run this increased buses, one trip one a driver, another the conductor, both know whose shoe pinches more. Limit a/c cabs, cap their numbers, as only people who travel to staion or airport may use them, as having luggage, devise a foolproof car system, safe for owner of the cars as well as the occupant, no one should implicate other in false cases......
0 0 mobile, wallet theft at kurla station is more as compared to any other station in mumbai . Why it is not controlled ? When my mobile was stolen at kurla station platform no 7, I have to go to vadala road for FIR at that time ,already 7 to 8 were in row at police station for mobiletheft complaint .Why  Root cause cant be identified ???? This is serious problem faced by every individual travelling on harbour line . No one is looking after this since from year Request....
0 0 We (the people) working on central track line. Running frequency for Trains at evening from kurla to panvel is less as compared to people .it is suggested to increase frequency atleast between 6.15 to 7.50 pm
0 0 Control of no of vehs is urgently required. All pvt vehs with even and odd number (last digit)of registration should not ply on odd and even dates. 2ndly people should be encouraged to Car Pooling. At Toll Collection booths - give concession to those vehicles with full capacity utilisation eg min 4 passengers in car may be given 50% rebate but those travelling individually should be  charged double. Make use of under flyover spaces. Different rates in congested areas at different time periods.
0 0 In order to solve the parking problem, without creating burden on Infrastructure and cost to the Government, following is suggested 1. Parking created at all Multiplexes, Theatres, Shopping malls, Hospitals, Government National parks, or Grounds can be used for Parking which are lying unutilized in the below manner for most of the time: (i)Shopping mall: It gets closed after 9.30 or 10.00 pm till 10 a.m in the morning (ii)Theaters:They has more capacity in parking as compared to what required
0 0 parking policy in city sd be designed taking care of vehicular load. 1) Each building with more than>500sq mts must hv unground parking taking care of sufficient nos of vechiles. 2) Strict implementation of parking rules. 3) congestion chaaarges in some area. 4) Educate people n make more inf
0 0 If you want to get a concrete solution of road traffic and parking than please call me- 09210762872 and get a TRAFFIC POLICY to prevent road jam in india. i know you will laugh on me, but common people think every day and face every day, so don't under estimate me,other wise your bad luck will always with you on roads and streets.SO do'nt laugh me and follow my policy.
0 0 evary 1/2 k.m thear should ba a paid parking tower for min500 cars made and maintain by bmc.
0 0 I have the following suggestions: 1. There must be provision for car parking near all major Hospitals in Mumbai as when we are in self drive and take our old parents for a doctor visits...it becomes practically impossible to get the parking in the vicinity and leads to lot of hardship for old parents as well as us. Hospitals are absolutely insensitive to this problem. 2. Govt needs to issue a smart card which can be used in any parking lot.
0 0 - Common man or general public should not be allowed to own four-wheeler, unless he is a VIP. In that case, government vehicle should be provided. - Public transport should be the primary to travel through the city roads. - Auto-rickshaws should run on seat-basis. - emergency vehicles diff lane/carrier diff lane. - Four-wheeler shdn't stop on road sides 2 interrupt the traffic. - Fly-over bridges made more common 2 cross roads for pedestrians and there is no other way to cross the road.
0 0 Please consider below points as my Suggestion, 1) Make rules that if 3 or more commuters or 2 commuters with lot of luggage then only use car (It will save Fuel and Traffic) 2) Make parking price high.
2 0 The important factor is not creating policy but implementing the policy with transparency. Take example of Kurla L ward to BKC (via CST Road). I have seen scrap cars and parts are laying on the road for so many years. Intentionally Heavy articles kept on the road to safeguard adjacent area. Government agencies are not interested to take any step. Swachha Bharat Yojna should be implement near Mithi river. All scrap vendors are king of that road and we are wasting our time in traffic.
1 0 we have no need to reform our Parking Policy , we have only need to control traffic on roads through this parking problem automatically solve .and this can be solve through strict rules related buyer so numbers of cars control on roads . Second govt should allow all workers to travel on cycles those work stations are near to their house
2 0 1.Charge of Parking should be more if time is more and low for low time. Should not be proportionate and no monthly concession 2.Parking authority should be empowered with full powers. 3.Hawkers needs to be managed strictly. 4.Common transportation should be availed though paid from parking to nearby stations. 5.Penalty on Roadside & illegal parking should be high. 6.Smart and easy parking payment option should be availed like smart card which includes the car registration details also.
2 0 1. Mumbai metro needs to be installed fast. Its span has to increase covering most the places. It has to go underground. Please get Mrs. Sridharan for Mumbai metro. 2. We have to consider for underground roads connecting Thane to Borivali / Kandivali passing through National park. Underground roads will not disturb flora and fauna of national park. 3. Sewree to Nhava link should also be considered underground. Such link can be operated throughout the year.
2 0 According to me the major issue regardng the parking of vehicles in Mumbai is the Hawkers by the road side. On almost every corner of a road in Mumbai we can find lot of hawkers which are doing business on the roads and due which we dont have parking space. If government put a very stringent law for the same then almost 40 to 50 % parking problem and also the traffic problem will be solved in a day.. Tell BMC guys to do their homework properly.
0 0 It is very dense city. Too much unplanned. Rise the vertical height of the city. Multilevel flyovers. City Expansion. Underground city network, a little deep so that can be easily done without disturbing traffic. Will also improve the drainage system. Also connect every single road with underground drain line at the junction with footpath with long steches.
0 0 suggestions are as; 1-Ensure to own reasonable & required number of vehicle to Mumbaiian. 2-A self-confirmed sense of leaving the place to parking whether for houses or shop etc. 3-Strictness to be followed while applying the Traffic / Parking rules etc. 4-A trained team of "Parking Regulator / Inspector" must be placed over the city for taking a serious cognizance to maintain the parking-sense to the Mumbaiin. ultimately, develop a 'Parking-Sense'to the Mumbai city.
0 0 Please implement Multi Level Parking lots. One more important thing is if we charge in huge amount, people rather using that facility will park road side or else where. Please have impose reasonable charges. Also, Have free shuttles from Parking complex to near by important places so that people dont face problems
0 0 GPS can be linked to indicate where the nearby approved parking places are there, so that the person who drives the car can identify the parking place using GPS easily and can park his car in a safe and trouble free manner.
0 0 Start multitiered parking and run feeder busses from such areas to tourism points.
0 0 Hon. sir,-No parking no registration of vehicle after it any motor co. want to sale there vehicle to non parking person than they arrange and for visitors parking free on parking aria with entrance fee with day /week vise !
0 0 GOOD WORK IN ALL TIME INDIA HAD EVER SEEN.SIR KINDLY MAKE A FINANCIAL HELP TO THE COMPANY RUBBER WOOD INDIA OR INDIA WOOD PLEASE MAKE IT SOON.300EMPLOYEES BADLY NEED YOUR HELP SOON.KINDLY SEND A FINANCIAL HELP TO US.COMPANY SITUATED AT KOTTAYAM IN KERALA.THIS. SEND UR REPLY TO THIS REQUEST.SAVE SOME LIFE FROM DEATH AND FROM THIS HE'LL. WAITING FOR UR HELP SOME UNFORTUNATE EMPLOYEES FROM RUBBER WOOD INDIA.SAVE US FROM SUICIDES. KINDLY SEND A REPLY AS A HELP TO IT.OR SEND HELP TO ITIT.
0 0 Very first need is to make available quality public transport service. Secondly,office timings can be changed based on service needs & instead of sunday's any day in week should be kept off which will facilitate everyone to avail the service on off day i.e.POST OFFICES & Banking should be kept open on sunday's which will help peoples to use services quickly. 3rd,e-system in max dept also will help to reduce the traffic density..
0 0 1)most important is in rush hours car must have minimum 4 passengers. 2)odd & even number of cars allowed on alternate day. 3) public transport must be given to private companies for efficient service. -------- if this steps are implemented 50% problem of parking will be solved.
0 0 Building parking levels on bus stations 'LL also help. We get covers bus depot & parking spaces as well
0 0 Shop owners should provide parking space based on their business turnover. Building multilevel parking in every govt building for public usage. Time limited parking & parking charges & the most difficult task of all Hiring policemen who won't take bribes
0 0 If there is a will there is a way. Following are some alternatives available: 1. Underground as well as Multi Level Parking (Big LED screen in Multilevel Parking for Advertisements can be additional source of INCOME..!! Govt perspective) 2. Separate Multilevel Parking cum Repair Shop for Auto Rickshaws in selected Zones 3. Fixing of Timings for In and Out of Heavy Vehicles like after 11:00 PM to 3:00 AM (Strictly follow them) 4. Initiation of Campaign for using bicycles and pavements..
0 0 very small cities like Jaipur,Nagpur etc. are facing car parking issues reason is excess personal cars.to manage car parking issues there should be Car Parking enforcement agency which provides a new way to stop illegal parking problems. Multi level parking station will help us to reduce this problem and for inner specified city area free frequent quality public transportation should start for one place to another will help us this problem.It will save the fuel also.
0 0 multi-level-parking-building like those in malls it would surely help with the space congestion problem in my point of view sir.
0 0 There would never be enough parking for everyone in a city like Mumbai. Just create enough quality public transport so that parking need is reduced.
0 0 there should be a different building for auto rickshaws where they can park it and only from there anyone can access them. other than over terrace and underground parking there should be buildings for parking. The traffic police should fine anyone whether poor or rich for incorrect parking.
0 0 Parking issues can be reduced if it is made mandatory for private car owners to use their cars alternately as per the Odd or even car no plates. And in addition to it impose rules on private offices to have buses or group travel vehicles systems for their employees. (This can be implemented strictly only if there is heavy fine of more than 1000/- imposed on offenders.)
0 0 Build a covered multi-level-parking-building over railway tracks wherever feasible with help of Metros/Railways space sponsor. The space sponsor can earn revenue from collections. Identification of proposed building site should minimize congestion, probably supported by optional feeder transports. It can be applied to all major metros as well.
0 0 Increase tolls @ all Entering points of Mumbai thus reducing number of cars coming in.Promote Public transport further,Create Multilevel parking lots @ Sewri(Large open space near south Mumbai),near Rly Stations and Bus stops.Make it compulsary for every Building Society to create 2 parking spots per flat(cars r much affordable than homes in Mumbai).Tie up with private building societies to use parking spots created by Cars leaving the building during work hours(Many residents drive to work).
1 0 There should be underground and overterrace parkings in each and every supermarkets,Below flyovers are best place for parking.
0 0 Dear all, Parking has basic rights and it will be declared in all metro cities should be free of cost, no any charges for parking and not allowed to trading anyway. Regards, Ashok Chudasama.
0 0 1. For all future planning, parking facility is to be incorporated in the plan compulsorily 2. For exisiting areas, Multilevel automated parking facilities in multistoried buildings could be planned 3. Improvement of metro, light raile transits and connectivity of them with major markets/centre would ease load on parking
0 0 study,adopt and implement SINGAPORE model of car  ownership,use,parking,encourage and implement ridesharing ,flexitime by employers,parking only for rideshare participant vehicles and control car sell and car population in the city.Law enforcement and driving+parking discipline in the city.No car should be on the road which is half occupied since it takes 100% of road whether loaded or empty.Limit number of cars per family.Vehicelnumbers on the road at any point i time should be less.
0 0 1-create a carpool app for mobile with police and govt protection for safety to encourage carpooling 2- encourage employers to allow FLEXITIME that will make carpooling possible 3-create minibus fleet with point to point travel and create a network and travel loops (like changing trains one time 4 -add long and short term parking meters on streets 5-create multistorey car parking towers only for car using carpooling.6-provide toll relief to carpooling cars and minibuses between suburbs and city.
0 0 BUILDING MULTILEVEL PARKING OR PARKING SPACE IS NO SOLUTION FOR MUMBAI. FIRST GOVT SHUD COVER MUMBAI WITH METRO AND MONO RAIL AND SECOND INCENTIVE SHUD BE GIVEN TO LOW COST TAXI / AUTO PROVIDER LIKE UBER WHICH WILL GO LONG WAY IN SOLVING PARKING PROBLEM. UBER IS ALSO PLANNING LOW COST AUTO SERVICE LIKE TAXI SERVICE WHICH WILL PROVE REVOLUTIONARY.
1 0 All 7.5 MN daily travelers of Mumbai can pay in advance if this is presented as a business opportunity. Govt. gave Reliance a chance to invest in Mumbai Metro, and now Reliance is making money out of travelers. Govt. should give the travelers of Mumbai a fair chance to own stocks of high speed train network. every investor gets X number of train rides. Mumbai can raise easily 20 BN USD within no time. Be creative folks.
0 0 If people from Vasai can travel to Churchgate in 20 mins, and from Andheri to Cgate in 10 mins, people will save lot more time. We will have more time with families and kids and friends. More opportunities for people to interact and socializing. More tourism growth will happen. Extra cars in Mumbai will be used by tourists. The city and its people become richer and happier. Goal should be Churchgate to Vasai in 20 mins. Let this be done in 6 months.
0 0 China Built Shanghai to Beijing - Distance almost 1500 KM - 3 Years. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvytUaRs2dU The distance from Churchgate to Vasai - 100 KM - Built high speed trains within 3 to 6 months. Create hub and spoke model. How to raise funds: 1. Sell prepaid tickets for next 5 or 10 or 15 years. 2. Treat a part of pre-paid ticket payment as investment. 3. All prepaid tickets thus will pay a nominal maintenance fee every time they travel.
0 1 Ownership of Cars in the Family: 1. Track ownership of Cars by Adhaar/IT returns 2. Establish the multiplicity or duplicity of ownership. 3. Every additional car in the family be incrementally charged. Car 1 - Charges -- 100 Car 2 - Charges -- 200 Car 3 - Charges -- 400 4. Alternate day entry of private cars based on Reg. number. 5. Car with more than 2 passengers allowed on FAST LANE. Others in SLOW LANE.
0 0 Need a holistic Policy: 1. Make ownership of multiple cars in the family expensive. 2. Make entry on various roads chargeable. 3. All BEST BUS HUBS should be converted to multi-layer parking & hawking lots. 4. Remove all hawking from road side. Irrespective of political gimmicks. 5. Encourage HUB & SPOKE model of transportation. 6. Remove encroachments by people or those under the garb of by religious facade. 7. Announce a time bound policy. 8. Clean up functioning of BMC.
0 0 To avoid parking problems, congestion and pollution, we need to put limitations of vehicle per family. If anyone who crosses the limitation they need to pay extra road tax etc... Particularly for parking problem we need to build MULTI level parkings where needed.
1 0 Last mile connectivity and comfort are deciding factors in commuters choosing own transport over public transport. Hence, 2-pronged strategy suggested: 1.Encourage public/shared transport modes for all categories of commuters: Provide mini buses(AC+ Non-AC), more 3-wheelers (encourage battery operated in due course)from Rly/Metro/Bus depots to all residential/commercial areas. 2. Discourage pvt vehicles by barring entry/stiff parking charges/fines to crowded places/business districts.
0 0 parking facilities may provided by MAKING R.C.C ROOFING ON PLATFORMS OF EACH RAILWAY STATIONS  AND STADIUM IN MUMBAI CITY
1 0 Way Mumbai hav grown in terms of population & d pace with which it is growing needs a long term view.i guess v can learn from Singapore.whr thy took a 360 degree approach. 1 thy made cars very expensive by tax 2)u need to take a permit to drive(Over & above license)which is again exp.thy also offer something like weekend only permit 3)built a strong & comfortable public transport.overall discourage pvt & encourage public transport.This will not only solve parking but also solve traffic issues
0 0 Rotating high rise Car Parks can solve the problem soonest. Also, experts can work out on simple ideas like : a. All driving schools can be given dedicated zones and timings b. Time bound Car Park fees, like in Dubai, will eliminate unnecessary Car Park for whole day and will encourage people to use Public Transport c. Special entry charges for vehicles in congested areas during Peak Time (Like Singapore). It will eliminate a lot of private traffic on roads
0 0 Stack parking, can prove worth in congested cities like mumbai, delhi.
0 0 The art of adjusting and helping neighbor has gone away from us. In order to bring parking facility issue a solace and to bring back the helping adjustment tendancy into neighbors the following policy may be proposed. 1) All residents with unused parking space / free empty space should share their space with their neighbors for either free or for a nominal charge. 2) For safety of the owner, there can be an agreement between these people
0 0 encourage multi story petrol pumps which serve as petrol pumps at the ground level and multi story car park and electric car recharge stations on the upper levels
1 0 For Mumbai - with Churchgate/Nariman Point as a center, draw concentric circle going away and towards North Mumbai, each two kilometer radius.  Assume the last circle is placed near Borivali.  A car travelling towards nariman point from anywhere, it must pay Rs 200 Toll for crossing each zone moving towards Nariman point.  This will deter cars entering congested areas and may think of using public transportation, instead.
0 0 Notes - Each type of parking permit must be issued, charged certain amount of money, and the rules must be strictly enforced.  It is such deterrents that will make people think before they violate the parking rules.  Also, certain cars should NOT be allowed to park in congested areas.  Certain parking permits should carry very heavy parking fees.
0 0 5. Private cars parked overnight while away from home. Continued- Must be punished if parked without permit.  These permits can be issued at the time of renewal of car registration.  This process can be simplified by areas of municipalities, etc.
0 0 4. Public transportation vehicle parking, Parking for disabled people-Such vehicles must register and pay fees for parking permits at the time of car registration.  Violators must be punished, and double the fines for each payment delay.
0 0 3. Private cars for parking in business and congested areas-  First, the owners of cars must obtain a parking permit via the car registration or renewal. The owner must specify congested areas they routinely travel to and park cars, and collect Fees for such permits. Install parking meters, if not possible, install parking meters where the owner can deposit money, dispense a time stamped sticker and must be visibly placed on the dashboard with time expiration stamped. violators mustbe punished.
0 0 2. Cars parked away from home - Install parking meters, if not possible, install parking meters where the owner can deposit money, dispense a time stamped sticker and must be visibly placed on the dashboard with time expiration stamped.  Violations must be heavily punished.
0 0 1. Private cars parking near their own homes - Charge monthly fees 600 to 1200 per month, and to be collected at the time of renewing the car registration.  The parking permit should be coded, and placed on the windshield for clear detection for parking rule enforcement officer.  The penalty for each violation Rs 200, and suspend the vehicle registration on three violations.
0 0 Parking solutions for all major cities in India-The problem is divided in several levels: 1. private cars for over night parking, 2. Private cars for parking away from home, 3. Private cars for parking in business and congested areas, 4. Public transportation vehicle parking, Parking for disabled people, 5. Private cars parked overnight while away from home.  Continued...
1 0 Dear All, I am from Delhi, i visited Mumbai once & see the condition of road traffic in Mumbai,my suggestion are mentioned below.... 1. we can charge people who all are having more then 1 vehicle for his family if their basic need is of only 1 vehicle. 2. 15 years old non-commercial vehicle can be banned in mumbai as well as india. 3. 10 years old commercial vehicle can be banned in india. 4. Driving lines should be decided to drive vehicle & should be followed strictly.
1 0 This parking problem is not only there in Mumbai already there in all metros and spreading to small cities also. main reason is lack of planning while constructing the city and lack of commitment by citizens. what ever we do to reduce the traffic and other problems is a temporary solution until and unless we stop the migration of people from villages to towns and cities.
0 0 If we charge parking charges, it will lead to more corruption and bribery and ultimately the small vendors will be effected. Bring stringent policies and give approvals to the commercial and residential buildings only if they have enough parking space.
0 0 Impose tax on entering city on weekdays and weekends, relax on weekdays, charge more on weekends. London has same policy, this discourages people crowding city on weekends. Encourage public transport, de-centralize govt offices, move them to newer places like Panvel, CBD Belapur, Thane.
1 0 Then create multi-level parking, parking on sea by raising a platform in sea water is a better idea, which will save land for other work. Sea parking can be done on places like choupatti, Gateway of India. etc
2 0 First of all, parking on roads should strictly be banned, I have seen people park vehicles permanently on road, then where is road left for driving? You roam around bylanes of any place, be it Nerul, Khargar, or Thane Colaba, roads have become narrower, result, more traffic jams and more wastage of fuel which is quite costly for India. Secondly all road side hawkers should be banned, I recently went to Srilanka, and surprised to see no single Footpath vendor, even in remote village.
1 0 we still collect parking charges by deputing a person. World over the parking charges need to be paid though automated system and also inculcate honesty in the citizens. Why not use a system which is fully tested and accepted.
0 0 Study the existing Automated Tower Parking in Mumbai & Chennai. Every new Mall should compulsorily have Tower Parking leading to each floor
1 0 SIR PLEASE MAKE PARKING PLOTS OF ABOUT 30 floors Consist of 7 buildings In every ward of Mumbai and Thane these will solve 90% problem of parking
0 0 Sir, Puzzel parcking is best solution.
0 0 Good Afternoon sir , Please Implement LKG TO 10TH Common Education for all The People of India
1 0 Paid parking places (buildings) should be built in all public areas, e.g., railway stations, parks and recreation areas, malls, office areas, etc. Street parking should be charged heavily on weekdays and be free only on weekends when rush is not there. People collecting parking fees should be government staff and not ad hoc party appointees.
1 0 In Mumbai lot of space is taken over by illegal hawkers & shops. Reducing illegal vehicles & more than 15 year old vehicle will further give more space on Road. When the Government can provide and sell space to builder lobby then they can easily arrange space for parking. Underground parking near to every station should be created. The area near to the station to be freed from hawkers and auto rickshaw. Heavy vehicles should be avoided during traffic hours (morning 7 to 10 and evening 6 to 9).
1 0 We can develop parking building always...but the best idea which will help all will develop a smart transport system which will encourage tppl to use them instead of the private vehicles.. We also need law enforcement from our very slack authority to make it work..
0 0 Step 1: Please do make designate paid parking areas. No parking place should be marked as "No Parking" in *big* letters in a clearly *visible* and *unambiguous* manner. Step 2: After that, please start penalizing people who violate. Lock is more effective that toeing. Step 3: Create multi-storied, safe, parking places associated with ALL railway stations.
0 0 Improve Public Transport . This is critical . There has been zero planning in Mumbai . The city just grew . Roads are narrow , always potholed . We need to have reasonable ways to commute through public transport .
2 0 Plenty of public property has potential for underground/basement parking facility which can be exploited. Secondly, mass public transport system in Arabian sea. Thirdly, mass decentralisation of State Offices with full empowerment and minimum dependency on their respective HQ. Fourthly, creation of multiple Business District to decongest Nariman Point & Fort.
0 0 Mananiya Jim Agar him BEST K DEPOTS,RAILWAYS KI ZAMIN PAR DHYAN KENDRIT KARE TO PARKING KI SMASYA KA KUCH HAL HO SAKTA HI
0 1 MCGM should charge heavy amount during peak hours on parking places so ppl can shift to public transport or car pool system to avoid heavy chrgs
0 0 MCGM should construct multi story car parking building which will only b allowed to those who can pay heavy amount
1 0 Mumbai ke har area me railway station hai aur almost sabhi station area ke bich me hi rahete hai, railway station ki jagah bhi badi raheti hai, agar filhal us jagah ka istmal parking zone ke liye ho jaye to parking ki samasya 75% kam ho sakti hai.
1 0 Vehicles are park at gov place and pay some money...those money should be use for parking and traffic issues..in case no gov place every shopping mall or building should be maintain parking place at bear..
1 0 BEST Depots have lot of space and one of the area may be marked for making multi-story car parking - the ground would be use solely for the buses of BEST for parking. As for example at Andheri (WEST) bus depot the ground floor used by BEST and the upper floor are being in use by private parties. Here the upper floor could be use for car parking.
1 0 I think proposed to resident that when contract home thy contract basmet or park in place and as possible to give subsidi
2 0 1. Paid parking at road side empty space. 2. Multistory car park buildings at available vacant space either private of Government land at the city limit. 3. Limit owning vehicle per house per person. 4. Time schedule for the goods vehicle to enter the city during the day time. Innovate possibilities of construction of parking above railway tracks. Innovative collapsible vehicles like collapsible gate or folding type mobile vehicles to reduce space during parking.
0 0 Give extra fsi for making multilevel parking and allow private chargeable parking.This will not increase residential load in the area. make parking a privately owned business and it will settle at appropriate parking rates. Long term solution is to decentralize govt. departments in various areas of mumbai or nearby.
0 0 Respected P.M.Modi Ji, Sir, For job creation it is essential to promote small scale industries/Kuttir Udyod as well as big industries.Because our country is not like  America n Europe but it is like chine,Japan south Korea. Hence see its territory n population.American territory is 7 times bigger than Indian territory.American population is around 40 crores while ours is 130 crores.Suraj Prasad Singh 9999159603
0 0 Respected F.M.Sri. Arun Ji, Sir, Pls look in to the share market as sensex has fallen from 29500 to 27000 n the money of small investors are looted by Zuarri investors who ascends n descends the sensex all over the country.S.P.Singh There is wrong signal goes to the country's small investors.
0 0 Respected P.M.Modi ji, Sir, I request you to delete one clause in the land bill that if anybody will not use the allotted land in 5 years then he/she will have to return the said  land to the concerned farmer.By this way you will gain the confidence of farmer.suraj Prasad Singh 9999159603
0 0 All parking excepts Hospitals should keep away 1-2 km,it is away from the centre like schools,theater,hotels,parks and shopping malls ,at inner streets.
0 0 1.use private property 2. no more permissions for schools/offices/residential to baron lands don't ruin agriculture land 3. create multilevel parking's
1 0 there should be a towered parking system in key commercila and residential amenities..... promotion of public transport is essential.
1 0 parking space easy to fix https://www.facebook.com/bintjbeil.org/videos?ref=page_internal This video is very interesting method of fixing parking issues in minimum space...fantastic idea for a country like India
0 1 IT IS NOT JOB OF P.M OFFICE. please transfer task to local govt. Why in everything Delhi Central Govt is invloved. How many of your staff have living experience in MUMBI?
0 0 Flyover  on railway track to be planned keeping the needs of next 50 years.
0 0 National highways and Expressways are Govt top priority area now-a-days but the whole concept of expressway would be thwarted by rapid growth of commercial / industrial and residential construction along the expressways/bypass made to allow traffic move outside the city. Step should be taken by Govt immediately to stop this practice and Law should be framed to stop construction upto 200 meter on both side of the road, all such construction should be demolished.
0 0 Law should be amended to make provision for parking in commercial building like banquet hall, shopping mall, cinema hall, companies offices, hotels, coaching institutes and other similar structures and industrial building. This is necessary to stop encroachment along the road side due to unauthorized and  indiscipline parking creating a traffic jam
0 0 Check the Parking policy by Sydney The Local residents of area are given stickers which allow them park the car in the locality for 24hrs but outsiders cannot the park at the same location more then 4 hrs this will ensure that the Parking is rotated every 4 hrs and is on chargeable basis ensuring local wards receive funds which can create parking like Wohr in Budapest EU in the city without disturbing the traffic under Open Garden Spaces
0 0 In any city people living with a certain distance should be asked yo cycle to work and provision for the same to be made. Like for school admission emoyment preference to be given if you live close by. This will not just save parking space but pollution too.
0 0 4) traffics law to be followed strictly and people need to educate. 5) all the road near junction must be without pothole and free from street vendor. 6) at moment RTO least bother about the street vendor because it's not under their duty . Actually traffic and parking nuisance created by street vendor. 7) parking / stoppage rule need to be modified. 8) in Greece to ease the traffic , one day no. plate with odd no is allowed on road and one day no. Plate with even no. Allowed on the road.
0 0 First of all there is no synchronisation between BMC and RTO. Like UAE road and transport come under one authority. Our RTO should change to RTA. (Road transport authority). 1) towing of vehicles should be banned because they are not doing their duty fairly. 2) heavy vehicles not Allowed on road between 8.00am to 8.00 pm 3) All new residential and commercial property must have compulsory 2 car parking per flat / offices for area more then 500square feet carpet area under the free FSI.
0 0 Before making parking policy we should evaluate why we have so much parking issue in Mumbai. Based on my observation of Mumbai following are the reasons 1. All streets near stations are occupied by vendors and therefore no space to even walk 2. No alternative means of transportation similar to local train. 3. Approval by BMC for building without adequate parking requirements etc. Parking policy should have resolution to cases responsible parking issue.
1 0 Govt preaches Public Transport-In Mumbai in two months BEST bus fares have been hiked-once in Feb.2015 and now from April 1st 2015-despite petrol/diesel prices going down,what is the justification for the hike?Rickety quality of buses do not turn up in time,be it BEST or NMMT(Navi MUmbai Municipal Transport)the quality of service is the same,only fares keep rising everytime.There is hardly any difference between public tranport travel cost, and having one's own vehicle-when this is the service
2 0 unless and until corruption is totally removed from Govt offices nothing can be done.Municipality has made Mumbai city a dustbin,garbage piles are seen everywhere,noise levels are not controlled,slums are allowed to multiply everywhere because they are the nets most favorite VOTEBANK,how can we have quality life ?despite paying heavy taxes and Mumbai Municipality being the richest municipality of India-still Mumbai is a DUMP!Noamenities are provided only costs are escalated evrywhere.
1 0 Local trains in Mumbai are already carrying 10 times more than their capacity, people who are not physically fit cannot travel in these trains.Such is the crowd that unless you are an athlete you cannot jostle yourself through the crowd either at the time of boarding or alighting from the local train.Further, law and order is not taken care of by the Govt. so many cases of pick-pocketing,looting happen in these trains regularly,how can public rely on public transport.
1 0 Earlier BEST purchased quality buses from reputed manufacturers like Ashok Leyland etc, but know buses are purchased from anybody who gives crores under the table to the top bosses,let the quality of BEST suffer;how can public bank upon such public transport to reach their destination.Low quality BEST buses have frequent breakdowns and people dont reach workplace on time,hence own vehicle is necessary.Govt. needs to correct themselves first,public at large are not wrong.
1 0 In Mumbai corruption has reached its peak.BEST Buses which are purchased are of such low quality that the buses make so much noise,have frequent breakdowns how can the public have faith on such public transport.All Mumbai knows that Municipality siphoned-off crores in the name of AirConditioned BEST buses which were claimed to be purchased from China,but ultimately it came out that these faulty cheap buses were purchased from some unscrupulous Indian manufacturers
1 0 In New Mumbai where there is not much congestion,there also Govt. has made paid parking in every nook and corner of the so-called -"City of the 21st Century".It is City of 21st century on in terms of shelling out money everywhere without any amenities.Senior citizens cant even visit a doctor,bank,pharmacy without paying parking charges..fleecing the public despite having collected Road Tax,Vehicle Tax,Service tax..etc etc.Our govt is good only for collecting money from public,no service is given
0 0 Parking is compulsory for bungalow and building.
0 0 Parking is compulsory for bungalow and building.
0 0 No need tomake any underground or overground parking.... Just make an unoform national parking policy for cities that each n every main road within town n market should must have left a minimum 15 feet parking space on entire road throughout in place of making deviders so that people can stop n stay their vehicle where they want to stop n stay without any problem smoothly... And it just need some more width despite useless barriers n deciders...
1 0 By making underground parking
0 0 Dear Narendra Sir, I would like you to encourage people to use more and more public transport, just like the Ghatkopar-Versova metro line and the chembur-wadala mono rail, I would like you to start the long back shutted tram - railway systems and provide them transport facilities at a cheaper rates connecting all the important areas of Mumbai and the respective metro cities. This will not only help the government to increase revenue but also reduce the traffic jams and parking chaos.
0 0 RFID card should be made compulsory for every private car, and banks can be used to disburse the Card - and through preloaded RFID card, toll and parking in cities like Mumbai, Delhi, etc., should be automatically deducted based on time in parking or crossing of toll naka. This would avoid corruption in Parking and toll counting. Cars without RFID should be charged at double the rate. All Government vehicles which are exempted from Parking or Toll should be given a dummy code.
0 0 first stop advertising in forms of bills on the walls in city and as every phone has GPS every 4 wheeler should have to track with the senser and then we can find where the vechicle is and where it should be parked,and everything in city is under our control and we can prevent from bomb blast etc.............
0 0 Parking problem is linked with traffic, the number of vehicles on road on a given day. If we can control the number of vehicles that can be on the road, in some way the parking problem with also be resolved. In some countries there is a rule, there are number plate series published in daily newspaper, shown on TV, mentioned on Radio etc. which cannot be seen on the road for that day. This way that number of vehicles will not be on the road and as a result will help control traffic situation
0 0 Parking problem can be solved by paid parking. Most of the parking problem can be solved by using public transports which is relatively cheap and convenient... we can also use different cycle station on near spaces and the cycles must be given on rental basis which must be little. Also different lens for cycles,cars. Bigger footpaths, underground and flyover footpaths must be provided on places with more crowded places.
0 0 More parking will attract more vehicles, which'll increase congestion.introduce congestion taxation at major roads to avoid traffic congestion(eg Stockholm)and paid parking. Its high time that people should start seeing the increasing traffic as a problem created by themselves! Its not the govt who add private vehicles to the road, so better not ask for more parking and use public transport than adding to already polluted atmosphere, if Mumbai doesn't want to be the next Delhi!
1 0 By building Under-ground parking and multistorey parking. Busy old & unplanned markets should restrict vehicle movt.(allowing vehicles only for fixed time early morning & late night for delivery & other essential purposes) .Aample parking space should be provided away from the busy crowded market place so that such places can be convenient/friendly for walkers.
1 1 underground parking
1 1 duplex or multiplex parking or terrace parking with the help of lift, will be helpful...A idea can change our life n bright India future.
3 0 In City Like Mumbai, Govt. should arrange for Parking near all Railway Stations underground beneath the Railway Compound where Ticket windows or other Facilities are provided.  This can also reduce the pressure on public transport system as people will use their own vehicle for utmost travelling to reach Railway Stations.
0 0 Charging for parking in addition to other charges,is not a good governance.Revenue being collected out of parking,can be sourced at purchase &/or entry point.Parking places be free of cost.What MCGM gets is peanut against what contractors collect from people. Long term solution is to incentivise making available space beneath buildings for public utilities including vehicle parking, space for bus-stops, taxi stands, parks, gardens, playgrounds, ...the works. Pl refer world patent 2486/MUM/2007.
1 0 foremost important ensure the roads and footpaths are well maintained, this would reduce 30% of the traffic woes. Utilise places under flyovers and if possible make underground parking places below the public places like gardens , bus depots, railway stations etc. This could be done with BOT model. The current policy of the BMC to allot parking places to co-op housing societies should be dumped off.
0 1 Hired multilevel  vehicle  parking complexes are  developed per each and every sq kilometer at residential  and commercial locations. And all safety and security may be taken care.
0 0 The BMC should mandate All new buildings (Inlcuding SRA) should provide parking space for four wheeler irrespective of the flat size. The poor can also own an auto/ Tempo for their livelihood. Where they will park? Now these are parked on roads and in future increased vehicles will be parked on road unless the mandate is implemented.
0 0 This will remove all the traffic problems of Mumbai and parking issues also. This will be a big help if this is done for the people of Mumbaikars. This also doesn't require environmental clearance and also reduces pollution in the city and above all huge saving on petrol & diesel for common man and also for the govt.
0 0 10. Join the Tulsi pipe line with Kalanagar flyover over the methi river. This will remove major traffic problems and parking problem. 11. Mumbai needs coastal road from Nariman point upto Kandivali. Already at many places are there just need to join at few places. 12. At babulnath crossing over Haliali connect to worli connecting the road opp Sardar patel stadium to Sealink. 13. Join the road after sealink to Carter Road opp Taj landsend. 14. The same can be connected and extended to juhu
0 0 opp Trident hotel use it for parking. 5. At gate of India opp Taj Mahal Hotel upto radio club reclaim few land parcels and use it for parking. 6.  At fountain in Fort create basement parking facility this will not damage the heritage nor the beauty of the place. 7. Opp Bombay Gymkhana use the below ground for parking. Below the british library in Fort use the place for parking. 8. Kala goda - basement parking can be done. Many things are possible as long as willingness to do not just intention
0 0 As the state contributes 40% of countries revenue/GDP. All pending works across ministries to be taken up on war footing and effective change needs to be done. 1. Join the dead end  road at Trident hotel upto Colaba will remove major bottlenecks and give huge space for parking across nariman point upto colaba. 2. Make few roads at Fort (BSE AND NEARBY ROADS)no vehicle zone use the outer roads for parking. 3.  Basement parking below the oval ground near the churchgate side. 4. Reclaim few lands
0 0 Sir, Current Maharastra Govt is behaving in the same way of earlier BJP Govt in Karnataka. If it continues it will have the same fate. They need to priorities issues which are need of the people than trivial issues and creating controversies. They need to handle things tactically & strategically on few issues. Such a great verdict may not come again and they have to get into action and start delivering on the promises made to the public. I feel U need to visit the state with your key ministers
0 0 instead of Parking Policy efforts should be made to expidite pending public transport project and improve current transportation. difference has been seen after the Mumbai Metro was started Also we see a number of BEST transport buses having frequency of 30 minutes come together (3-4 buses at a time) which can be avoided
0 0 Engaging private towing companies to tow vehicles wrongly parked, is really working. There should be at least 500 towing vehicles should move around 24 hours. If this is practiced seriously for one year, people will realize the problem. Such towed vehicles should be taken out of Mumbai and asked to collect from Panvel.
0 0 This is a problem of everywhere whatever big or small city in India but When problem come in our life it's give us knowledge & this knowledge give us new opportunity to create new things, in every places we are making shopping moll like that we have to make parking places which will be a earning source of Government.
0 0 I don't have much idea about the Mumbai parking conditions but I am really concerned with the patna's parking issue. ThEre is nil parking space in patna and that creates terrific jam scenarios.multilevel parking must get started there as soon as possible. And also the ministers of patna should take some steps and reduce the number of SUVs'
0 0 Should have open tenders for private and government own; vertical parking spaces; High parking charges for crowded / prime locations should be levied; New Buildings / Parks / any public gatherings sort of areas without which license and permissions shouldn't be renewed or issued. Mall should have ample parking space and a proper way to manage traffic and not cause disruption while going in an out of mall during peak timings. Like community gardens should have community Parking spaces too.
0 0 Impact on environment should be overlooked when taking decisions about infrastructure projects. The people of mumbai are also part of environment. The lives of lakhs of mumbaikars is getting damaged by stalling infra projects for saving trees. Trees can b planted elsewhere, infra is a basic necessity which govt need to give mumbaikar for making him capable to earn. Nobody opposes encroachments by cutting trees but infra projects r stalled. Middle class need better infra 2 survive the "rat race"
0 0 People need parking because the existing mass public transport systems (on roads) are not punctual and not well connected either. At every railway station and airports if there is a well thought out network of long distance buses that leave at frequent intervals then people would prefer using public transport. Please remove the "NO PARKING" signs that we are seeing all over (which only benefit the vehicle towing companies) and provide speedy, clean, efficient and well connected bus services.
1 0 Abolish autos  nd black yellow taxis, introduce A/C CNG buses, auto-taxi guys to b inducted to drive/conduct the buses, change places per trip, limit COOL CABS in cities to 25000/- with fare between present auto taxi fare,  car pool app already active, promote it more, 20% visitors parking already under MOTOR VEHICLES ACT be increased to 30% in societies and implemented, wider roads to have kerbside parking, leaves road free for others, merge front back societies in redevelopment for wider roads
1 0 First it is important to understand why parking problem comes. This is because of the attitude towards visitors and customers. Appreciate and understand that visitors and customers should be accommodated inside the premises they are visiting. So it should be made mandatory to provide space for visitors. Visitors are not to park their vehicle on the roads. So, when a building is constructed the fact that visitors need be accommodated should be included in the plan.
0 0 Enhance the people to use bicycle in between 2km. According to digital India make smart building for parking.follow Japanese technology.
0 0 For kind attention of the PM and all the ministers/MPs. Kindly see the attached document about my book "India's Unique Transformation Programme" (publisher www.gyanbooks.com) which presents a magnificent,  advanced, comprehensive, and progressive transformation programme for India with solutions, formulae, techniques, processes, strategy, etc. to move India in the top 10 of the UN Human Development Index. The PM and all the ministers/MPs must read this book and should implement the programme.
1 0 Use of bicycles in cities can reduce parking space.promote bicycle stations at key points in Mumbai,which are close to rail stations n have a pool of cycles- bixi( bicycle taxi) @ each such stations.ppl can pick up one n ride to another station near to their destination.saves parking space,0 carbon emission,healthy xercise.reengineer bicycle design,easy to assemble ,will create jobs fr unskilled uneducated boys in cycle cos.practically used in Paris, where 18000 cycles r parked for this.
0 0 Make smart underground parking connected to the Mumbai Metro Stations, these parkings can be part of the integrated metro system. Smart Parking will be connected by GPS/twitter or likes so any one knows which is the nearest parking available and how many slots in the parking. There will be elevator driven parking if its multi level parking.
0 0 all was with you for youva all the time for my contre
0 0 Create Central Multistory dedicated parking at nominal price say RS 10 for 2 Hr. so daily People will have to bear Rs50/- or so for parking. Infrastructure should be subsided by government. This will ease up in roads traffic which are mainly choked by road parking.
0 0 Parking is every city's nightmare and causes street quarrels and accidents. The city should invest in building multi level parking or lease the permit to do so. There should be a good capacity parking available every few sq. Km and all for a nominal payment. To ensure that people use it, idling and parking along the roads should be banned
1 0 parking ..! we can do one thing like a metro we can make a place of parking ! and roof parking in underground parking !
0 0 First identify the most vulnerable area of the city in terms of traffic, security, pedestrian. Then mark most vulnerable area as NO PARKING ZONE. You should have parking zone near Railway Stations, Bus Stations and all the public transport junctions. Raise inform and reward system for parking in non-designated area. This will stop illegal parking, when citizen started reporting. Make policy which involve people participation with reward system.
0 0 BEST DRIVERS, SCHOOL BUS DRIVERS, VEHICLE OWNERS are highly stressed out people due to rampant and indiscriminate parking of 2 wheelers, 3 wheelers and cars,Trucks &buses on the road sides all over Mumbai.  Parking of all these vehicles should be banned on main roads so as to ensure smooth flow of traffic, stress free driving for public vehicle drivers and prevention of accidents.  Parking could be permitted in lanes, bylanes, and other than main roads. The traffic police needs to be educated.
0 0 Building a car park along with 2 wheeler park, People can arrive in their motorbike or cycle and take a car from their.  Means twin parking two wheeler and for four wheeler on every floor. this will encourage people to park at multilevel parking and not on roads near them.
0 0 There should be multistory car parking on or underground run by government at proper locations all over mumbai... People are willing to pay if it has state of the art security systems like CC TV and security guards...all vehicles should be scanned and then allowed to park.... it should be 24 hours ... So government also will get revenue and people will get secured parking....
0 0 No parking should be permitted in all main roads, including motor bikes. Govt. should deploy 500 contract towing service for unauthorized parking. If this is done systematically for six months, there will be no traffic jams. Govt. should acquire dilapidated buildings and convert them to multilevel parking.  In south Mumbai and also the western sides, create "SKY PARKING", projecting to the sea/ back waters. Each parking area, should be able to park a minimum of 25000 cars.
0 0 Gateway of India is largest visited place in Mumbai.  For lack of parking at these areas people are largely inconvinienced and disappointed by forgoing to visit.  Under the sea parking facility is an option to carryout the facility quickly and without going through many hurdles except environment clearance.
0 0 1) Mumbai has low land area - Under Ground Parking (UGP) is the solution. Suggestions: 1)  UGP lots under all main and branch road surfaces on PPP - self financing model & long term revenue concession to PPP partners. Association of residents roads to be one partner. Width of the parking only 2/3rd of the road width. 2)  No parking on Roads - stiffer fines 3)  UGP under parks, play grounds, schools etc.  Once construction over, these to be restored as original parks, play grounds etc VATS
2 0 Few roads which are very cluttered should be earmarked as non parking zone and there should be at least penalty of Rs100 for non adherence. In City like London, it is 90.
1 0 All the multy story building must have minimum 3 floors (ground+2)for their parking. At the public place 10-20-30-40-50 floors Parking should be used and the vehicle will be parked on that floors with the help of lift + driver of that parking place.
0 0 Namaste! Parking should be pay-per use basis. Sky scrapers having excess place should allow public parking at minimal cost plus assure the people for its security and maintenance. New infrastructures should have public parking space!Eg:Jio Parking Area in BKC.
0 0 To identify government properties in the city and then to build multi floor parking complex at various areas.The parking charge should be nominal and 30% of the funds raised to be donated to vikas fund of the nation for the development of the country and rest to the state government as well.
1 0 Create paid parking terminals at short intervals. These can be in the form of multi floor buildings only for parking. Create parking zones on roadsides and steetsides which should have paid parking system (pay at a kiosk and get a ticket to keep on your car dashboard). Cars parked without such tickets or at non-parking zones must be heavily fined.
2 0 How about building under ground sub ways just for parking your car near railway stations, airports and public places like malls and corporate offices
1 0 In my view make sure that people of mumbai use public transport rather than their own transport.
1 0 FOR EVERY 2KM A PARKING TERMINAL SHOULD BE THERE WITH A MINIMUM PLACE OF 500 SQ FEET WITH 4 FOUR STAIRS IRON GAUGE AND IMPROVE PUBLIC TRANSPORT THROUGH BUSES WITH OFFERING QUALITY BUSES AND SAFE JOURNEY
3 0 Build multiple layer/tier parking area in key locations to pay and park.The revenue can be used for developing more such parking places. Promote standard public transport catering to different class of commuters - line road;metro etc.there by reducing individual parking.Those who yet depend on their own vehicles shall pay park.
2 0 1. Strict penalties on unauthorized parkings shall promote use of public transport. 2. Multistoried parking and basement parkings. 3. No new Buildings of Residential Housing and Shopping complexes shall be allowed without provision for proper parking. 4. Parking rate variations as per timings and locations shall be planned by Municipal Corporations.
2 0 All the companies should provide cab/bus policy.So that number of people using vehicles will get reduced. 60 people coming from the same place in 60 vehicles(bikes/cars) can be managed by 1 bus.Think about it.Using office cab or Office bus must be mandatory to avoid parking and traffic problems in metro cities.
0 0 to me it seems that in mumbai probiem of parking is hard to solve all over mumbai u see only residential and office buildings there is no planing of parking.what corporation can do is alloting new buildings with basement parking.or find space to build multystory parking by privet builders and allow them to charge minimum per hour from car owners for set period of time then corporation take over.
1 0 There are not enough parking lots in Mumbai and most of the parking is done on roads. While residential and commercial towers are high rise, parking is done only at one level, i.e. ground level. Instead of building more housing colonies, some of the space should be used to develop multi level vehicle parking on chargeable basis. For Taxi owners also multi level parking stations should be made available on monthly charge basis so that more space is available on roads
1 2 All vehicles in Mumbai should be grouped into 7 groups and There should be mandatory that one group vehicles must not run on the road on specific day of the week. So that at least we could reduce 14-15% which would be great relief itself.
0 0 khadi material should be made more attractive keeping in mind needs of the people.research can be conducted for texture of the material.At pesent the fabric is quite thick. khadi being  cotton fabric is more suitable for our climate. also khadi-weaving can be encouraged at local level by encouraging NGOs/private workshops/housewives through initial training.
1 0 Mumbai is a sink for public money. Keep building infrastructure with public money , and as soon as one project is over in ten years , ten times the money is needed. There is only one solution to Mumbai - decongest it ; stop giving licences for new economic activity ; AND promote Vidarbha, Khandesh, Marathwada with new MIDC blocks, universities, airports and rail linkages. #EqualMah
0 1 CENTRAL GOVT. AND STATE HEALTH MINISTRIES SHOULD BE MORE ACTIVE AND PROACTIVE RELATED TO SWINE FLU KITS AND TAMMY FLU TABLETS AND VACCINES. HEALTH MINISTRY IS SLEEPING AS THERE IS SHORTAGE OF KITS AND MEDICINES. HEALTH OFFICIALS ARE SAYING ONCE TEMPERATURE GOES UP IN SUMMER SWINE FLU VIRUS WILL DIE. THIS IS A BIG JOKE I REQUEST P.M TO TAKE NOTE OF THIS MATTER MOST URGENT.
0 0 N CHATTISGARH THERE IS NO LAB FOR TESTING SWINE FLU H1NI VIRUS AND NO KITS , NO MEDICINES , NO TAMMY FLU TABLETS, PATIENTS WILL DIE DUE TO LACK OF RESOURCES. WAKE UP CALL FOR CENTRAL GOV. HEALTH MINISTRY AND C.G GOVT. HEALTH MINISTRY.
0 0 Start raahgiri day in a week and use public transports such as metro train...
0 0 Make it compulsory that all roads are divided into two category. Parking and no parking. Parking areas to be paid and marked. Use technology which can scan the vehicle no plate and generate e-challan for parking. Develop application which person from vehicle can locate which parking slot through mobile application. In housing society where vehicles are more than parking space available, allow people to reserve parking slot on road by charging monthly charges which will be maintained  by society.
2 0 i think multi story parking lot with latest technology -accompanied with mini mass transportation to the place of destination could reduce parking problem significantly
5 0 I think this portal is just for entertainment of people sitting at Parliament. Because I  had several attempts to have correspondence with our PM, but yet no reply. I think the web designers are least bothered about our views. They are just showing how they enabled public opinions....
0 0 Which Violates the emotions of people in the name of Secularism. The said order is passed  on the 5th February 2015. Aam Aadmi Party is certainly a threat to democratic fabric in coming yrs Hence if you feel some necessary steps by BJP  and Congress and Other parties if they can come together and pass the Bill by rectifying the defect in getting registration of such parties may be debarred by coming any other election s in future. JAI HIND for Further details calswatantra Kumar Anand 09869739720
0 0 Sri Ravi shankar Prasad ji, Minister of laws And Justice. Our teams has made petition last year in connection with derecognitions of various Political Parties Including Aam Aadmi Party as these parties misuse the intent of common man emotions on the ground of misuse of against the  constitutional provisions. Hence Honorable Mumbai High Court has Given the Direction to Election Commission and the Legislature/Parliament to take appropriate steps to debbar Names of such Political Parties which viol
2 0 The responsibility for the vehicles parking should be on the shoulders of the shops,mals,hotels,apartments,parks,etc and there should be a suitable place at each and every place to park in.The offences should be punished for wrong parking.At the same time the public offices,government organisations should take the more responsibility for providing  parking facilities for their employees and visitors.They may provide their own or they can go for private bidding.Here also fine for wrong parking.
3 0 Mumbai needs to implement hub-and-spoke parking model in order to improve the parking situation in the city. What that means is that each region should have a couple of hub locations where people can travel through their vehicles, park them without worrying about their security and then use public transportation such as metro, buses and local trains to commute through their day and pick up their vehicle at the end of the day. These models are very common in many cities worldwide and working well
0 0 Developed other cities like mumbai.make mumbai region terrotery like NCR means extend the mumbai region.
0 0 limit on cars plying in town and suburbs during peak hours will help resolve the parking issue. The problem can be solve if all building have to provide mandatory parking in building compound even today majority of building cars are parked on road this can be partially tackled by increasing parking fees for vehicles parked for over 4 hours and steep feeds for parking over 8 - 10 hours. Other option is to build parking plazas around busy locations to ease traffic flow and even underground parking
0 0 I think other coutries we can bring within city limit these many cars allowed. Which will maitain the pollution free in the cities. The city will look good. As India is more population not like US or improved countries we less population , more land.. But here in India we have less land and more population. So transportation to be organized. number of cars in city limit can be established. Speed also. so that we can avoid accidents.As per my knowlege Bombay is more crowded area.Transport organiz
0 0 Parking policy should recognize that road space is limited and precious in Mumbai. Parking availability should not be based just on demand but also on capacity of roads to handle the traffic. Places with higher congestion should have more costly parking space. Location of parking should be such that it reduces congestion and traffic jam on main roads and diverts destination traffic to side roads / lots. Third there should be dedicated places for quick pick up and drop off negating need to park
0 0 To,Mr.Modi,P.M.Central Govt.must look into the matter that why Lokayukta/Lokpal,Human Rights com.&R.T.I.are not working properly in W.B.
1 0 Disband the Municipal corporation atleast MCGM. The organisation had been created to ensure that the citizens get a proper Infrastucture, Medical facilities, Education. I am sure none of this is being done even at 10% of the expectations, the entire tax generated by MCGM is used up for the salary of its employees apart from making it the most corrupt organsation. Do we really need it ?
0 0 Multi level parkings developed in the State Capital of Uttar Pradesh Lucknow are not being properly utilized as parking cost is much. Parking facility should be given free of cost instead of making it a source of income. Parking floors / spaces may be sponsored for business houses by providing them proper place for advertisement panels or LCD display.
0 0 promoting a strret way for walking and promoting cycling and only 2 wheeler lane. ,  underground parking zone and promotion of light vehicles.
1 0 In my opinion, encourage people to use the public transport and at the same side Govt should keep the public transport bit cheap and up to date. Secondly, Keep parking rates hourly basis. E.g .I saw here in NCR, parking for first 4 hours were Rs 40/- and later it was 100/- per hour. This kind of rate will lead people to use public transport. Also it will save the fuel as well and would have less congested roads...But at the same time Public transport has to be up to the mark.
0 0 Buy out old 2-3 storey buildings in crowded areas n convert them into a 10 storey buildings of pay n park slots. The one at breach candy is a wonderful example.
1 0 I m looking forward fpr parking policy to be implemented in CIty , Specially Town where there is less space for parking and more cars. More ever , we residents dontget parking space near our houses then wats the use of buying cars. Pl simplement it ASAP --Rajesh Shah
2 0 Mumbai mai floating parking places bana sakte hai sea ke upper.....kyu ki mumbai mai parking ke liye space naa ke hi barabar hai....
0 0 I don't opine to have parking policy as MCGM is not going to provide any security to vehicle.  This will lead to chaos & corruption at down level.  Better to have some other source to generate revenue....
1 0 In main markets or on busy streets make one nodal point before starting of the street or area like select a big ground or already made dedicated parking area and dedicate it for a particular area so that those people who wish to vist the area can use the special 24 hour continuous running public buses to reach their destination ..now money for running these public buses can come by parking fees of the compound which uses as nodal point
1 0 Parking has been creating great problem for the human habitat which needs in restriction to the use of vehicles and encourage public transport nevertheless under ground parking, school grounds and sports premises excluding playing area in stadiums could use alternative space for public parking. govt can brain storm on the juhu beach side  in night that is more over a big empty shore could be use for parking  keeping the ecology concerns unharmed.
0 0 Solar pump subsidy scheme of 40 % subsidy, 20 % down Payment and 40 % loan this is not beneficial to the poor and normal farmer. Only rich farmers are getting benefits of it.More farmers will get benefit if the scheme will be of 10 % down payment 40 % Subsidy & 50% Loan at subsidized rate. If more farmers will get benefit then more Electricity will be saved , through which gov. can generate extra revenue by selling to other consumers. instead of waving OFF the unpaid bills of Farmers
1 0 GRIEVANCE LODGED AND REGISTERED VIDE REGISTRATION NUMBER PMO/W/NA/14/0027082 DATED 07-01-2015 & PMO/W/NA/14/0046987 DATED 31-01-2015 AND FORWARDED TO THE GOVERNMENT OF GUJARAT & MINISTRY OF URBAN DEVELOPMENT HAVE NOT BEEN RESPONDED TO THE CONCERNED. CAN OUR HONOURABLE PRIME MINISTER MAKE FOLLOW UP FOR THE SAME? CAN OUR CENTRAL GOVERNMENT ASK THE EXPLAINATION FOR DELAY FROM THE CONCERNED AUTHORITIES NOT RESPONDED TILL THIS DATE? When the THE RESPONCE TO OUR HON'BLE PM ARE NOT GIVEN UP TO THIS DAT
1 0 Just a thought, After reduction in petrol/Diesel price why State government transport are not reducing bus fares? when petrol prices were increased buses fares for 300 Kms journey were increased by 50+ rupees however they have not been reduced after reduction in petrol prices! If State govt. units are not passing benefits to people then how can you expect markets to work in their own course and price reduction in food sector and retailers are not reducing the rates for food items!!
0 0 Also saved from our reserve form our GDP. One thing more I would like to stressed that toll Nakas are factually loosing Government Revenue of Foreign exchange Dollars more than what they collect in Rupaye while burning the petrol in jamming the traffic movements during running engine at Nakas. Hence it's advised to authorities to make 7days/10days/15days/20days/30days/60days Entries days wise validity upto 6 months/12months. So that people get /plantheir nos of visits and hand over the coupons e
0 0 "The parking policy means you have to make people aware of their fundamental duties section 51 of the constitution.The Mumbai city can not be expanded by it's with into sea. Hence if people start using their odd numbers registered vehicles on odd days even nos vehicles on even dates. And accommodate their appointments likely and in urgent need they can pool their cars with each others. See 50% traffic is off the roads. The Parking problem reduced to 50%plus 50% Petro Dollars Foreign exchange is
0 0 There has to be a several multi story parking facilities built and also make all streets completely  heavy vehicle free during the business hours .
1 0 It should be made mandatory to produce "Allocation of Parking Space" letter from buyer of vehicle before registration of the vehicle. Unless the letter is not produced no one should be permitted to purchase any vehicle. All the outside vehicles entering Mumbai should be provided parking space near the octroi points on all sides & ample public transporation should be provided to different locations, to reduce the parking/traffic problems in Mumbai city. This shall increase the Govt.revenue.
0 0 It is a glad News  about the reshuffling  of the Bureaucrats. It is not sufficient a reshuffling of more unproductive authoritarian adamant and lying bureaucrats and their down bands are required and an over haul of the Central govt set up is needed. These officers and their bands are sticking to their chair from the day they are employed. They should be posted out to far off places to know what is India. Go ahead Modiji, the public will be with you in your endeavor for GOOD GOVERNANCE.
0 0 There is no talk from central govt on Agriculture policy and it is going to reform the Agriculture sector. Large number of farmers are expecting some kind of road map from central govt, specially on issues like getting a good price for their products, at present there is no relief for former's from middleman. Because of this neither farmers are getting benefited not consumers. Rate of the products which is sold by farmers at lowest, however if as a consumer I have to buy with higher price.
0 0 local transport system both rail & bus should be improved.
0 0 people should be encouraged for car pooling. it will be economical, save precious fuel, decrease traffic on roads, reduce the requirement of parking place. also, improving on public transport systems in the city will help people to reduce their use of personal vehicles.
0 0 In spite of people taking their own vehicles, public transport is jam packed, this aspect needs to be considered. First give alternative and then make law breaking implementable punishable act. 1.Increase frequency of buses , trains during rush hours. 2.Disallow/charge private passenger vehicles with 1 person(excluding driver)  to increase pooling habit. 3.Clear foot paths of vendors/hawkers and make road free of jay walkers. 4. Link rule breaks to Insurance and jail term with fine.
2 0 Add a clause in Vehicles insurance Policy .If policy holder parks their Vehicles in Market other than proper parking and claims for theft .Insurance company cut 10 or 20 percent in claims .
0 0 All the deteriorated systems around us are result of faulty education programme. Education up to 10 th. standard must be compulsory and free. It should make a person self suffient in all the requirements of modern life and make him a cultured citizen of India. After that he can learn any specialized field based on his aptitude.
1 0 Increase parking charges and use extra income to construct multi-story parking facilities. Facilitate parking near public transport systems. Also, facilitate access to public transport system.
0 0 Certain areas should be marked as no parking zone such as schools and hospitals.Double parking should be penalized.Lane discipline should be made compulsory heavy vehicles and public transportation such as best should not be allowed to ply inside narrow by lanes. Parking rates should be high moderate and low adjusted according to peak hours rush hours semi peak hours and non peak hours.Construction vehicles should only be allowed between 10pm to 7 am in to the city elevated parking near stations
1 0 Ig lokpal (strong) not come into force you can not do anything good for this country
1 1 people are telling you have spent lakhs on your dresses  reembe ghandhi  he went naked witha dhoti in winter to London  get away from all these dresses  no body will like it in a poor country like inida other wise declare you are not a ghandhian
0 0 you gave aske lot of questions to kejriwal and he wisely avoids  i  am going to answer all your querris as aap sympathiser and modi admirer
0 0 you are having revot within your party  remove it in the budding
0 0 i am sure delhi election results will be a majority for Kejriwal and use it for cleaning your party
0 0 duruing my earlier blogs  i have usedd one bad word (shit)  please forgive me it came with emotion because you called arvind as a naxalite
0 0 obama visit  i dont give importance because they have to come to india any way they dont have any market and they have to counter china in this reigion
0 0 choosing of patnavis for maharastra
0 0 8, keeping away from rss and hindutva comments   continue this
0 0 7.  xero balamce account  provided if you put some money as promised
0 0 5,  removing lpg subsiies and linking to ahar car and bank accounts  excellent work
0 0 4,  selection of jeyasahankar who had got good knowledge of u.s and china both countries are vital  for economy and geopolitical strategies
0 0 3,  selection beurocates and made the government officials work
0 0 2,  selection of good ministers for key portfolios  defense finance, railways,power  excellent barring smiriti rani, nitin katkari  etc
0 0 1, handling of foreign affairs the hype and respect we have now is very good
0 0 for the last one week i was abusing you now i am going to point ouy all the achievements you have done SO FAR
0 0 Prime Minister may kind enough to provide us the most skilled Deputy Commissioner Mr. Dr.J.Balaji I.A.S. who tries to control mass corruption at Hailakandi District but was transferred by the Govt. of Assam to Kamrup (Rural) District for which we the people of Hailakandi District are upset as there is none to help us in the matter of getting the said D.C Dr. J.Balaji  2nd time to our District of HAILAKANDI. So, I, on behalf of Hailakandi appeal before the Hon'ble  P.M to help us.
1 0 Maharashtra Govt allowed GM farming.  Please stop it. [31/01 21:35] Vol Lalima Cow Seva, Saket: Today 95% cotton in india is gm. .worse...once they get patented. Farmer has to spend lot of money . debt.. trap ..suicide.... [31/01 21:35] Vol Lalima Cow Seva, Saket: Every GM seed is a lab made seed and causes allergies as they inject it wth a virus....
1 0 construct overhead  pay and park building  on every  Railway station and bus depots in all the city
1 0 underground parking should be installed in mumbai as there is no space left on land and encourage the people to use public transport
0 0 It should made compulsory for every independent house/flats to have parking for visitors too in all the areas whether it is main road/galli. As was done in Singapore in the border to the sea it is to be filled with earth around the sea coast so that area of the land will get increased in course of time so  that the extended earthly can be brought to use for parking/residential purposes. In all roads hawkers/parking should not be allowed so that the entire roads can be used for traffic purpose.
0 0 first,government should make excellent public transport by road,local,metro and by sea root.so that people travels with comfort to reduce travel by private vehicle .make parking plaza near commercial areas.make port for vehicle parking near coastal area.
1 0 mumbai has a big sea port area can we try flotting parking at sea
0 1 KEJRIWALL IN DELHI WILL TEACH YOU TO REMOVE CORRUPTION PLEASE LEARN FROM HIM
0 0 jeyanthi natarajan   you talked about jeyanthi tax    are you going to take her in bjb if you do it it is nothing but nonsense  i want to know where is the tax collected by her will cbi file a fir or not against her ori  is it usual drama
0 0 Parking has become a major headache in most cities.In fact Mumbai has lesser problems because most people use public transport.Still,it is high time that Indian cities develop policies which address this problem with adequate checks and balances.First,there should be incentives given by municipalities to places with parking problems to constuct multi level parking .This can be given higher FSI and by planning redevelopment of older colonies.Tax vehicle purchases without parking facilities
0 0 Raise taxes on second vehicles to discourage people purchase second vehicle
0 0 USE MAXIMUM PUBLIC TRANSPORT FACILITY
0 0 govt. employees are still not coming at thier offices on time, they are saying that we have relief of 15 minutes to come late, so some people are regularly coming late,PM g aapko strict rules banane honge inke liye, only 3 or 5 days late comings should be acceptable otherwise deduct thier salary
0 0 resrvation for students in the basis of caste is wrong because all the lower caste peoples are not poor ......some are rich and they also used all the fasilitysss that are given to the poor peoples itsss wrong ....some poor peopless are in very dificulty and they not use the fasility givn by the gov.
0 0 resrvation for students in the basis of caste is wrong because all the lower caste peoples are not poor ......some are rich and they also used all the fasilitysss that are given to the poor peoples itsss wrong ....some poor peopless are in very dificulty and they not use the fasility givn by the govt. becozz those are belongss gen....
1 0 Parking are the common problems in every big city .  There are multi parking also made by government but there is bigest problem are impelemention of strict rules , regulation and fine punishment most of people not used . In our city Lucknow  not useful due ill Manage ment . VIP and VIP 'S Drivers break the rules first .They ashamed to follow the rules they fight for 10 or 20 rupees . The message going wrong in public .
0 0 1) Annual renewal of all vehicles should be made compulsory. 2) A option of monthly parking pass should be made, which should be stick on front glass (just like toll pass) 3) All vehicles having such stickers should be allowed to park in parking zones. 4) Monthly pass rates should vary depending on city. 5) Vehicles without parking pass should be towed irrespective where they have parked. 6) Car towing guys should have one machine which should verify whether car has monthly pass.
1 0 PARK
1 0 PARKING
2 0 In continuation of earlier message. We can impliment Rs. 20/- to Rs. 50/- penalty for pederstrian to cross roads on red lights and without zebra crossing and use it very strictly
1 0 Sir to control accidents in Delhi, first we need to control the padestrian traffic instead of vehicle traffic. The people Delhi will start crossing roads on green lights. If they stop on Green lights and wait for red light of traffic more than 70% accidents can reduce. People in Delhi start walking with raise hands without checking signal and one car has to use sudden brakes and two three cars behind car hit to each other, because the car atleast running on 40 km/hr & try to cross crossing on green lights.
0 0 We can also use space over petrol pumps for the same
0 0 Please use underground spaces under public grounds like oval,azad maidan,cross maidan.we can also use space under sea in areas clost to ocean
0 0 Hello Sir, As per me Real problem is attracting people towards Parking Places, Govermnet should thing why peolple are not Parking their cars in Parking Solts now my suggestion for same is 1.) Charges should be very affordable 2.) Every car should have a "Parking Credit / Debit Card" valid all any where in the city charges are debited or credited in the card according to its type and time and space.
0 0 It is not possible to provide job for every person either in India ,America or in china. Than what is the soloution? Ans-education.why we are not learning from our neighbourhood china? Look at its education policies a five year of baby is developing softwares and manipulating electronic devices. We have to improve the our teaching faculties we dont need the burden of history geography and language based subjects. We need our concentration on technical education from the first class so that we can create technicians not clerk. If we will not able to implement this policy then situation will become than greece.
0 0 I would like to suggest that homours like Bharat Ratna, Padma awards NOT be given to filmstars,sportmen,politicians but to common men who have shown exceptional courage to make a change for the betterment of India. A great example is Kailash Satyarthi who got global recognition but not a Bharat Ratna. Recently, I heard about "Dashrath Manjhi" -- its awe inspiring-a common man could be the change.If we honour people who have shown exceptional work in uplifting India,this would inspire more people
0 0 Flats r not being sold because of parking,  and after this policy of paying rent for road parking there will be a wast difference in price for flats with still parking and without it. U can mark a peticular place for parking but fees should be minimal
0 0 Make in India - Apple tablet Ministry of IT and Indian Embassy Washington may consider offering Indian Telephone Industries Unit at Banglore to Apple Management with 60% stake in the new company for Make in India Apple Tablets. Banglore has necessary technical pool available for such a move.
0 0 i would like to share my views which is " Indian army or defense have If hsc man to dart in indian army joining in roul ????-
0 0 Dear PM Sir Every Year Central Government made various polices for empowerment  of respective filed. But they are not implement successfully for long term. Make provision for successful implementations of the polices than only we can achieve the Best India goal Thanks & Regards Vinit Gupta
0 0 Today all the groups are busy in bargain for getting more and more reservation without thinking that they are claiming to be inferior than normal people that in open competition they cannot compete with normal people. This should be made public in the interst of the nation to overcome the reservation problem. If this thought is made public, people will think before asking for reservation in any job or education. Because GOD has given equal mind to all and everyone can compete at par.
1 0 Sir i want to draw your attention to the fraud done by most of the Fuel stations in our country. For eg, i am suppose to get 1.66 Lite of Petrol for Rs 100. But fuel stations in my city cheat us by pouring in less petrol (say 1.3 L). This practice if restricted will help the common people of ourcountry. Recently a service man filled in 49 Ltrs in polo tank even when the capacity is only 45 Ltrs. I hope that ur govt will start a mass action against this. Share so that it reaches the Petroleum Min
0 0 More and more use of public transport is very affective solution to overcome this problem. To achieve this we would have to encourage people and also enhance the public transport facilities...
2 0 i would like to share my views which is " Indian army or defense have covered the nearly a large area of land which comes under the defense land, as defense has the manpower and other sources they can cultivate vegetable and commercial crops through the large area of land will be greens and will generate income for the department as well as it will make available vegetable for its employees (javans). Thank you.
0 0 making underground parking will make good utilization of space.
0 0 Sir I proud of u Sir,mera ek sujav he ki aap jis tarah swachhata abhiyan shuru kiya usi tarah bycycle chalane ki salah logo tak pahuchaya jaye jis se polution control, helth benifit, aur money saving aur bohot sare fayade ho sakte he aur month ka ek din only bycycle travel compelsury karna chahiye jis se hamare cycle shop walo ka bhi fayda ho aur ho sake to cycle pe subsidy chalu kare jis se bycycle saste dam me mil sake ye. Ye mera sujav he aap ke pas is se bhi aachhe tarike ho sakte he Thx
0 0 Main topic for Indian railway,as my opinion we need another two seperate lines is required for Indian population will be double within few years ,second line for goods  and passengers trains,third line for latest bullet train for private sector or international investment,that will create lot of job creation and fast growing related,we think it is must right now if you want to go any place we have no room each train,train root is safe and economy,why goverment s are not thinking what needs by In
1 0 To Reduce corruption District Anti corruption helpline should be done not Toll Free, Investigation to allegation should be informed to higher authority by email so that it will speed up
0 0 Good initiative to share peoples' ideas with Government!! I have been trying to share my idea of cost savings of # 400 Cr pa on Indian Railways. I have already put across the message to the high Railway officials viz the Chairman, Railway Board, Member-Traffic, Member-Staff, High Powered Committee etc. But, I am yet to get any response. I would be happy if I get an opportunity to be heard.
2 0 What i experience is whenever any infrastructure work is done the quality of work is not maintained. so the same work has to be repair after few months. there is no check on the work by sanctioning authority while the work is going on. I have found only labourers doing job no contractor is present, nor sanctioning authority visit the work. these shabby work exceeds and renews expenditure and waste of public money, people face the same problems again and again.
0 0 People are purchasing new cars Mumbai or any city need more and more space. There is no space in mumbai to walk. why not make public transport more efficient. Once BEST buses were running on time table and on any stop we used to know the time. Buses can be smaller and in more no. at some routes. and run on few minutes difference. people will surely use more public transport ans save expenditure on cars. this will also help in saving fuel, and curtailing pollution. it need better roads.
0 0 With us in this unfortunate  time.both the thing must be given within 15 days  .
0 0 Honourable  Prime Minister, India. I am just going through the martyr history  who lost their life to save us. I have a suggestion regarding  condolences  must be given by our prime minister in case of ArmyMan and from Chief  Minister in case of Police,  traffic  police, fire brigade person. If a condolence  letter with a shield or we can say a Tamra Patra can be send to the  martyr family , it will give a courage to the martyr 's family. if u inclue this i am sure they think our PM or Cm
0 0 Honble PM,For your boldness and dynamism,you can think of taking a very bold step for the Budget.Tax on Expenses.In onestroke,you will solve the Black money problems.This will pave the way for a speedier development.If there is a Will there is a Way!Sathyameva Jayathe!
1 0 Hon. Prime Minister, India, I am submitting you an innovative draft on appointment of 'grameen mitra' in every village. This proposal will definitely help the villagers and it will be a revolutionary step for transforming the village life. I request you to pay attention on it. Thanks and Regards, Dr. Akshay Y. Bajad "PROPOSAL FOR APPOINTMENT OF 'GRAMEEN MITRA' (FRIEND OF VILLAGERS) IN EVERY VILLAGE" [1] SELECTION PROCESS: (A) Gram Sabha of every village will have the power of selection/election of grameen mitra. (B) The members of gram sabha will be able to select grameen mitra with mutual understanding (C) If more than one candidate are interested then the selection should be done by voting at gram sabha meeting. (D) If more than one grameen mitra are required then the candidates having highest number of votes should be selected. (E) The selection/election of grameen mitra should be done in the presence of BDO (Block Development Officer) or his representative. [2] ELIGIBILITY: (A) Besides being a citizen of India, the individual should be a domicile of that village. (or any village which comes under the jurisdiction of that gram panchayat, in case of group gram panchayat) (B) He/She should not be less than 21 yrs. of age. (C) He/She should be at least HSSC (Higher Secondary School Certificate) passed. (D) He/She should not be a government employee. [3] NUMBER OF GRAMEEN MITRA FOR VILLAGE: At least 300 people of voting age to 1500 (population) : 01 1501-3000 : 02 3001-4500 : 03 4501-6000 : 04 6001-7500 : 05 7501-9000 : 06 [4] EMOLUMENT: (A) Grameen mitra will be considered as a volunteer (like ASHA workers). But state government should give fixed allowance to him. (which will be based on a basic set of activities which he will have to perform every month) (B) In addition to this, state government should give him outcome-based remuneration and financial compensation for training days. [For example: (1) Bringing more than 30% of the total members for gram sabha meeting = Rs. 200 per meeting (2) School admission = 100 Rs. per child (3) e-literacy = 200 Rs. per candidate (4) Travel to the tehsil/district/nearby cities (for helping the villagers) = 100 Rs. per travelling] (C) The stationery allowance should be given by the state government. [5] TRAINING: (A) Before appointing the grameen mitra, state government should give him training for at least two months (B) The training will include the basic knowledge of local government, Indian constitution, right to information act, consumer protection act, prevention of atrocities act, banking procedures, various government schemes, land registration, computer and internet, etc. (C) Capacity building of grameen mitra is a continuous process. He will have to undergo series of training episodes to acquire the necessity knowledge, skills and confidence for performing his spelled out roles. [6] OFFICE AND TIME OF WORKING: (A) There will be no separate office for him. Villagers will be able to approach him directly at his home, at any time. (B) The time grameen mitra spend on his tasks (3 A's - Awareness, Aid and Attention) will be relatively flexible. [7] ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Grameen mitra will basically perform three types of roles in village life, viz. a social reformer (by making social awareness), a friend of villagers (by helping the villagers) and a vigilant citizen (by examining the functioning of gram panchayat and government officials). [3 A's of grameen mitra = Awareness, Aid and Attention] (A) AS A SOCIAL REFORMER: (1) He will work for the involvement of villagers to create a mass movement to improve quality of life in village. (2) He will go door-to-door to give detailed information about various government schemes. (3) He will make awareness about superstition, casteism, female foeticide, child marrige, honour killing and other social problems and will work against them. (4) He will make awareness about health, sanitation and education and will take efforts to stop the leakage of students from the schools. (5) Some villagers are apathetic towards the gram sabha. He will generate enthusiasm in them to take part in the gram sabha meetings. (B) AS A FRIEND OF VILLAGERS: (1) Some villagers (mainly women and dalits) hesitates to raise their questions in gram sabha meeting due to fear or shyness. They will be able to tell their problems to the grameen mitra before gram sabha meeting. He will put these issues in gram sabha meeting on behalf of them (without mentioning their names). (2) He will help the sarpanch and panchayat secretary to provide the benefits of government schemes to the needy villagers. (3) He will provide a common platform to all the villagers for their queries and complaints. Any villager having any type of query or complaint about any government official or service, will be able to directly submit it towards the grameen mitra. It will be the duty of grameen mitra to forward these queries and complaints in a proper format to the respective departments and to take regular follow up of them. (as majority of villagers are unaware of where and how to register their complaints and from where and how to get information) (4) Grameen mitra will guide the villagers for obtaining agricultural loans from banks, cast certificates, income certificates, domicile certificates, etc. from SDM (Sub-Divisional Magistrate) office or tehsil, for registration of lands at sub-registrar office and for other official works. (5) He will go to the tehsil, banks or other government offices with the villagers, who are illiterate or completely unaware of these procedures, for helping them. It will stop the loot of illiterate villagers by the corrupt government officials and will save their important time. (6) He will guide the village students regarding the career opportunities and will help them for taking admission in the colleges of nearby cities, for higher education. (7) Government should provide him a computer with internet facility (at his home or at gram panchayat office). And it will be his duty to give basic knowledge regarding the use of computer and internet to the villagers. He will also help the villagers to get information about new agricultural techniques, recent agricultural trends, weather conditions, etc. (8) Students will be able to get his help to obtain information about various exams, scholarships, job vacancies, etc. and to apply for the same. (9) He will work to resolve the quarrels between the villagers and will try to secure peace and establish unity among them. (10) He will try to resolve the disputes between gram panchayat secretary, sarpanch and gram panchayat councillors and will maintain good relationship between them. (11) He will be able to give innovative suggestions to the sarpanch and gram panchayat councillors to promote the programmes of adult education, family welfare, etc. [C] AS A VIGILANT CITIZEN: (1) The quality of life indicators such as primary education, employment, safe drinking water, open defecation free village, toilets in individual houses as well as public places, solid and liquid waste management, cleanliness of all public places as well as individual houses, pucca roads and streets, transport and last mile connectivity, power and street lights, primary health center, internet connectivity, reduction in infant mortality rate and maternal mortality rate, etc. will be periodically assessed by him on behalf of the villagers. And it will be his duty to produce this assessment report at every gram sabha meeting. (2) He will raise the issues related with public interest in gram sabha meeting. (3) On behalf of the villagers, he will examine the functioning of school teachers, PHC doctors, gram panchayat officials and other government employees which are providing service to the villagers and the official records of the same will be scrutinized by him. (4) He will also have the power of examining the functioning of sarpanch and village councillors. (5) He will produce his report on the functioning of these government officials and elected members at every gram sabha meeting. (6) He will be able to just praise or critisize them before the villagers in gram sabha meeting but will have no power to take action against them. If there is any serious issue, he will be able to send his report to the BDO or other concerned departments. Shortly, he will perform a role of lokpal (or we can say it as a 'grampal') at village level. In this way the active inspection by grameen mitra will lead to enhance the quality of service and to reduce corruption. [8] WORK ASSESSMENT: (A) Grameen mitra will be accountable to the gram sabha and thus he should produce his work report at every gram sabha meeting. (B) The periodical assessment of his work will be done by the gram sabha. [9] REMOVAL: (A) Once appointed, the grameen mitra will remain in service until his retirement age of 60 yrs. or death. (B) He will be able to give his resignation to the sarpanch. (C) If he doesn't work satisfactory then the gram sabha will be able to hold his allowance or suspend him (for maximum of 2 months). (D) If a request letter for the dismission of grameen mitra, signed by at least 100 members of gram sabha, is given to the BDO then he will have to give order to arrange a special gram sabha meeting. In this meeting, under the chairmanship of BDO or his representative, voting will be done. If the dismission of grameen mitra is supported by a majority of members (and by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the members for women and dalits) then he will be dismissed. And a new grameen mitra will be selected/elected in his place in the same gram sabha meeting. Clarifications for your questions: (A) How does the position of village mitra avoid the duplication of panchayat councillors or members? (1) Panchayat councillors are the representative of their wards while grameen mitra will be selected/elected by gram sabha. (2) Village councillors are accountable to the villagers of their wards where as grameen mitra will be accountable to all the villagers and will provide service to them. (3) The duty of village councillors is the proper utilization of the fund for the development of villagers while grameen mitra will inspect their functioning. (4) Some duties of grameen mitra related with social awareness coincides with the duties of village councillors but here we have to understand that they have to work together for the involvement of villagers to create a mass movement to improve the quality of life in villages. Besides this the other duties of grameen mitra are far different from the duties of village councillors. (5) Village councillors are elected for 5 yr. term where as grameen mitra will remain in service until his retirement age of 60 yrs. or death. In this way the position of grameen mitra avoids the duplication of panchayat councillors. (B) How does the position of village mitra avoid the duplication of panchayat secretary or officials? (1) Panchayat secretary is accountable to the BDO while grameen mitra will be accountable to the villagers. (2) Panchayat secretary performs all administrative work of Village Panchayat like recovery of taxes and fees, recording proceedings of Village Panchayat meetings, giving notice of occurence of vacancy in a Village Panchayat, serving the notices of motion of no confidence, maintaining the accounts of Village Panchayat, maintaining the accounts of cattle-pounds, maintaining the records of births and deaths in the Village Panchayat, etc. and he works for the government and sarpanch where as the grameen mitra will work for the villagers. (3) The duties of panchayat secretary and grameen mitra are totally different from each other. In this way the position of village mitra avoids the duplication of panchayat secretary and officials. (C) Shall he be a government officer or elected member? He will be an elected volunteer. But he will get fixed remuneration (which will be based on a basic set of activities which he will have to perform every month) + outcome-based remuneration (like ASHA workers) and financial compensation for training days. (D) Do you want him to sit regularly or work like a freelancer? (1) There will be no separate office for him. Villagers will be able to approach him directly at his home, at any time. (2) The time grameen mitra spend on his tasks (3 A's - Awareness, Aid and Attention) will be relatively flexible. (3) Though grameen mitra is considered as a volunteer, we can't say him as a freelancer because he will get fixed + outcome-based remuneration from state government. (E) Any proposed number of population a village mitra shall serve? At least 300 people of voting age to 1500 (population) : 01 1501-3000 : 02 3001-4500 : 03 4501-6000 : 04 6001-7500 : 05 7501-9000 : 06
1 0 Sir,do you know that Gauhat high court of Assam had already given judgement as unconstitutional to a Assam government's creating medical course.sir,What we will do about 900 students now?Assam government itself not think for us..Sir we are all meritious students..Please do something for us...Or we will commit suicide or something else
0 0 I would like to draw your attention towards the recent terrorist activities in our country in which Col. MN Rai got martyred,why are we tollerating such nuisance? Are we not a strong nation of 1.25 billion people? Why do we have to loose our brave sons? And on the top of this sorrow, person like Geelani are glorifying terrorists, can't we put this traitor (anti Indian) behind bars for Treachery?
0 0 If we can afford to pay for UN-necessary car, then we can afford to pay for necessary parking. So don't hesitate to levy HUGE parking charges in Mumbai city.
0 0 Sir parking of vehicles problem is major issue in Mumbai city.standard of living of peoples are going to increase as well as purchasing power.there are more than one car or bike in most families.before making car parking policy first BMC should not give permission to builders to build flats without parking facility for each and every flat.for private construction which for medium and rich category people each flat must have two parking.for lower class or govt project building each flat must one
0 0 Parking space in metro cities, esply Mumbai-urban which has good public-transport facility, must be auctioned or sold to highest bidders. This will discourage casual usage & congestion, and result in revenue collection too.
0 0 Strict laws should be made for  vehicle  parking in  metro cities.
0 0 parallel parking must be encouraged
1 1 THIS IS THE ISSUE OF NATIONAL IMPORTANCE THAT A GRIEVANCE REGISTERED BY PMO VIDE REGISTRATION NUMBER PMO/W/NA/14/0027082 dated 07-01-2015 AND FORWARDED TO THE GUJARAT GOVERNMENT ON 07-01-2015 HAS BEEN RESPONDED TILL THIS DATE BY THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY. WHO WILL FOLLOW UP? WHO WILL ADVISE THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY TO TAKE NECESSARY ACTION AS SOON AS POSSIBLE? WE THE CITIZEN OF INDIA KNOW VERY WELL THAT ACTION DELAYED MEANS INACTION. Isn't it?
1 0 Grievance registered by PMO vide their registration No.PMO/W/NA/14/0027082 dated 07-01-2015 and forwarded to THE GUJARAT GOVERNMENT on 07-01-2015 has not been responded by the concerned authority.Who will advise the concerned authority to EXPEDITE?
1 0 IT IS SERIOUS MATTER THAT A GRIEVANCE REGISTERED BY PMO VIDE REGISTRATION NUMBER PMO/W/NA/14/0027082 dated 07-01-2015 AND FORWARDED TO THE GUJARAT GOVERNMENT ON 07-01-2015 HAS NOT BEEN RESPONDED BY THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY TILL THIS DATE. ACTION DELAYED MEANS INACTION. Isn't it?
1 0 GRIEVANCE REGISTRATION NO.PMO/W/NA/14/0027082 FORWARDED TO GUJARAT GOVERNMENT ON 07-01-2015 BY PMO HAS NOT BEEN RESPONDED BY THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY TILL THIS DATE. ACTION DELAYED MEANS INACTION. Isn't it?
2 0 Dear Prime Minister , Because of the limited characters , I am gonna write in short. There is huge doubt in my mind. Is it really needed to give bouquet to the guests on the stage. Imagine if we don't give any bouquet to any of the guests all over the India then how many plants can we save ? Huge amount of plants can be saved by this one small act. So sir this was my humble suggestion to you to think after this . We , the people of India , love you a lot sir .    -Dipika Patel
0 0 Once we have aadhar enabled in the country why do not we issue passports to all aadhar holders as they will now be identified by their IRIS  and THUMBS and FINGERS rather than by any other data like residential address .The residential or present address can also be confirmed by sharing their location over a passport app on mobiles based on GPS tracking
2 0 Parking charges should be based on the number of people using the vehicle. If 4 people are using the car, then it should be charged less. If only 1 person gets out the car, it should be charged more. This will encourage people to share vehicles and reduce traffic and parking problems.
2 0 Discourage people from using their own vehicles. As it has been observed over the world, the more you facilitate parking, the more people buy & use vehicles and it increases the parking problem. So it is a vicious cycle. Only solution is to encourage people to walk, cycle or take public transport. Walkers and cyclers should be given more rights by law.
1 0 Indane PAHAL : On 14.01.2015 I applied to LPG agency for linking adhar to LPG I.D. Today I created an I.D. at Indane website as consumer and was astonished to find that a cylinder was booked on my I.D. on 15.01.2015 and also delivered on 15.01.2015 whereas I dint book any cylinder. Modi ji is right, kaalabazaari band hogi with PAHAL. But where is the target date for doing this work by these agencies???? and daily reports from these agencies to Govt on how much done and how much pending????
0 0 PAHAL and Login at Indane website as consumer: I just created my i.d. at Indane website and found out that my application submitted to my LPG dealer on 14.01.2015 for connecting my number with Adhar Card has not been acted on yet though a few days back I went to agency and they confirmed that adhar has been linked to my LPG I.D. Further while creating ID why limit the IDs to PAN or DL or Adhar only, why not the election card or why not we given the option of directly entering Adhar n Bank detail
0 0 Condition of Roads in Delhi and Gurgaon: Who will start the repair work of roads and when? Please no formalities to be completed for patch works of roads as was done earlier. Have a look at DND flyway for repair quality. (Msg from a sewak to Pradhan Sewak Ji.) Would appreciate if someone informs when this work starts.
0 0 Labour laws.- Dept of Labour has appointed inspectors to check the Compliances maintained By establishments.But the dept does make it their duty to educate about the law which is 1961 law. This hampers employment generation. This matter needs to be addressed
0 0 My opinion is a rule should be declared as if there are more than three people then they need to use four wheeler vehicles, otherwise there should be a heavy penalty like that. the corporate should arrange a single vehicle and should stop providing permission for travelling by their own vehicle to their office except sales/marketing. Here am concentrating more about cars and other suv's. I appreciate the views of others. jai hind
0 0 The problem of parking has to be tackled two ways: short term and long term. Short term means the people should park their vehicles in their residential / official buildings. If they park anywhere else including road, they have to pay for it. The long term policy should have multi-pronged approach such as constructing multi-level parking space or / and underground parking-both on payment basis.Additionally,people purchasing new vehicles must produce evidence of having parking space in advance.
0 0 Parking should be multistory or under ground. Architecture maps of residential house before construction should include basement parking to avoid congestion in street.
0 0 if we need an effective and honest police in our country, it's transfer and promotion must not be handled by the politicians. rather an independent committee comprising of retired judges, I.A.S ,I.P.S. and army officers should take care. Ministers may refer the cases to this committee.
0 0 Sex Related Crimes Among Students : Govt. should restrict and control Internet content with immediate effect to save our culture, sex education is good but video and pictures in the internet and social media may create mental and sex addicts patients rather than healthy society. Please act......
0 0 Sir-small business people are facing difficulty in making foreign payments through their bank accounts because they have to get FORM 15 CA and 15CB from chartered accountants. Chartered accountants charge for this and this is becoming an additional burden. Small business people are thus paying to make payments. Please look into this matter and provide a remedy.
0 0 All the ground level parkings(other than road sides &markets) should be constructed with multi level parking. this may be implemented in all the big cities.
1 0 I guess buying a car should be allowed only when someone provides proof for his/her own parking place. Thereby, everyone has to buy parking place first followed by car.
0 0 Visitor parking should compulsorily inside the societies. The forthcoming policy should make it mandatory for builders to make provision assuming say  20 % residents will have visitor with 2 and 4 wheeler.   Why the municipalities should provide space  on already crowded roads for the parking of visitors to various societies? Same rule should apply for new commercial complexes.
0 0 The initiative cannot be a money making racket. The charges are too high and if you are taking money you should provide security and not depend on the watchmen of the societies to take turns. Scrap the policy
0 0 Ek idia aur hai mumbai ki parking k liye hum log road k dino side pr parking track bana sakte jaha pr aj kal foot track banaye jate hai waha pr road ki chodi kr parking track bana sakte hai
0 0 Mera suggedtion hai ki mubai mai railway k paas kafi land hai ager hum us mai se railway k track k dono taraf 10-10 foot ka track banaye aur usko parking k liye use kare to esse railway ko fayada hoga aur goverment ko bhi msi delhta hoon railway patryo k dono taraf kafi jamin hai jo.useless hai use parking k pryog mai ek sadak jaisi track bana kr upyog.mai layi ja sakti hai jab kabh railway ko.jarurat ho.to woh track ko spne use mai la sakti hai
0 0 Dear Sir, I am in the business of export. Sir the goverment give refund of service tax paid by exporter. There is to much documents required for this prosess. My suggestion to this is just abolish the service tax from services provided to expoters
0 0 Why we don't follow law. Why we don't follow graphic rules. Why we are keeping our city dirty. Why we don't believe in our system. It very difficult but becomes simple if we fix our responsibility. If only give free hand to our implementation agency and punish them for there wrong doing things will change fast. But will give them free hand for there job and who will punish them for there wrong doing. Very difficult but possible. Its in the hand of our dear politician. They have to be blamed.
1 0 Public parking done by property developers with 4 extra fsi if the resident project in south Mumbai is 1000 square mtr or double in surbus it benefit both the builder and BMC who approve for providing such parking service. Multilevel parking the most space efficient facility with more then 1,2 or more level of automated/manual parking  system specialy build in location by pvt firm or in partnership BMC thousand of car can b safely parked under an roof of specialy built structure public parking
0 0 As per the geographical structure, Mumbai, space available is less and we have the choice of going verticallying. Cluster of Area to be developed for parking with utmost security as there are always 2 sides pros & cons. Security risk for such areas will be concern.we can have multistorey, little far off areas. These areas shall contain the charging point (electrical / solar) as future battery operated vehicle may come.
0 0 As Chandigarh, planned city can be made for Mumbai, Thane as there is still scope for that. Commercial hubs with greenery around will give a pleasant appealing atmosphere both for work & stay.
0 0 Hello, my view is regarding clean and green india. Products that we use, such products which are in tubes , box  or plastic fiber or any reusable material can be reused again. Example- any face wash tube, toothpaste tube, toothbrush, plastic containers of medicine or health drinks. These tubes/containers can be collected back by the same company/brand and after required process they can be reused again for repacking. Thus they can be reused. Likewise we can bring a change and save environment.
0 0 Outside of Mumbai SEZ, Industrial or commercial complex needs to be built. Also, metro rail connectivity similar to as being under expansion in Delhi NCR, needs to be built. Before Population reach Metro, Rail connectivity infrastructure to get ready as the project completion will be fast due to less interference of working crowd. Example of Mumbai Metro rail can be referred for delay.
0 0 First, decentralise the people by widespreading the office areas. In Mumbai,middle & lower class people are daily commuting from long distances to reach office. The reason for parking is the non availability of space due to congested population. When you cross Thane on Central Line, buildings are being built which call for nearer office area. Due to rate, people can afford in outskirts of Mumbai. But, additionally, they are further stressed to reach office located at the other end in Prime Loc
0 0 According to my opinion, for the development  of our country, economic equality is very much needed, and for economic equality reservation system must be based on economic condition of the people not according to caste system.
1 0 The versati city of Mumbai, home to over 11 Million people, is the financial capital of our country. In order to mend the quality of life, Municipal Corporation of Mumbai  should wish to improve the basic infrastructure.The city has seen a significant increase in the private vehicles over the last  years. It has become very difficult for citizens to find public parking places while they are on the roads. In order to ease the parking complaints of the citizens, MCM should adopt measures relating.
0 0 Mumbai Mahanagri is business hub thousands of people travel everyday here by different means of transport.  It is not avoidable.  Best parking is only to be made via various parking zones at different locations for example area like Kalbadevi, Crawford market and many such narrow lanes of old Mumbai where we should not allowed any type of vehicles it can be at some distances from the main locations.  These parking can be underground, multistoried over the huge terrace or Huge round stadium.
1 0 EACH AND EVERY MEMBER OF GIR SOMNATH GROUP ARE REQUESTED TO TAKE ACTIVE PART IN THIS OPEN FORUM.
1 0 IN GIR SOMNATH GROUP WHY MEMBERS OF GIR SOMNATH GROUP DID NOT PARTICIPATE TILL THIS DATE? REGRET TO NOTE THAT NO RECORD IS FOUND IN THIS GROUP. WE HUMBLY REQUEST ALL THE MEMBERS OF GIR SOMNATH GROUP TO TAKE ACTIVE PART AND TO DO SOME THING.
1 0 IN GIR SOMNATH GROUP WHY NO RECORDS ARE FOUND?
0 0 For EASE OF DOING BUSINESS,It is a time to discontinue 50 years old Income Tax Assessment procedure.It is very subjective,arbitrary,tedious.It gives liberty to IT officer to raise demand as per his own perception,whims and ideas.So many provisions in Income Tax are just to create controversies and complex in nature.They should be identified and removed completely.If this is done,India will automatically jump by 50 points in ease of doing business ranking.There should be no raids on businessmen.
2 0 visakhapatnam has decleared as smart city with the support of america
0 0 Indian complicated process of laws are responsible to prevent 99% indian,s to come to the court of justice
0 0 To solve any problems of health and development Family Planning is the prime way irrespective of cast and religion
0 1 Like london , we should have fines for travelling in private cars to crowded areas so that people will use public transport.Use hovercraft service in mumbai for sea ferries.
0 0 Instead of making facilities for parking, emphasis should be on encouraging Car Pooling which will reduce the number of vehicles on the road that need parking.
1 0 Underground parking will be made. ..Multistorey parking will be made
0 0 Mumbai is called "Dream city" but to make it like London, or any other well laid city for that matter, re-planning of roads would be necessary which is quite difficult in the situation we are in.
1 0 previous governaments in maha said. Wil turn mumbai into shangai. Make proper town planing for mumbai. It has the capacity to be world economic and busines capital
0 0 Schemes running in big cities like London etc. should be studied and implemented on pilot basis
0 0 Allow rail traffic bound to South India , Konkan and coastal Karnataka and Kerela to be dispersed from the city at Thane itself by constructing main line traffic directly from Thane to Airoli Panvel Khopolo Karjat. This will ease our rail traffic burden from Kalyan dombivili belt. Speed up metro 2 and 3 works and Navi Mumbai airport to be something like Atlanta airport.
0 0 For Bus transport Merge BEST with all other sub satellite city undertakings like TMT NMMT, etc enable seamless bus transit and leverage on parking space for buses.
0 0 Right now Mumbai needs good public transport. The present  transport system is now overburdened but still efficient. For seamless transport, Mumbai must have more east west connectivity and more bridges across the creek to mainland India.  The following steps can help Mumbai immensely RAIL 1 Separate rail lines for Suburban Traffic beyond Thane Railway stations. This will neable more local train services to be possible easing crowds at all stations.
0 0 Divert revenue from parking to developing and improving public transport
1 0 1.Real time basis 'parking vacancy' mobile apps.   2.Free roadside parking must be abolished. 3. No vehicle zone in very crowded areas like food joints, local fashion streets ,local market areas. 4.Parking in front of buildings/home/offices  should not be permitted without the permission of owner/s.
1 0 Once I had seen these type of parking and hence can be used by our system as well, for bicycle and bike as well.
0 0 Rationalize tax.  Income Tax - for individuals only, GST for companies only and Customs for import/export, Annual Property Tax. Remove all other types of taxes such as Excise/VAT/Sales/STT/Capital Gains/Octroi/Stamp Duty/Entertainment Tax/Surcharge etc.etc. Keep the tax structure simple and focus on enforcement rather than make a complex tax system full of leakages and corruption.
0 0 City infrastructure is in poor condition.  Invite tender to build and maintain city roads, sewer, power lines, telephone lines, water pipes - all to 1 single company per city.  Do not allow small and inexperienced companies to build and maintain infrastructure.  Here stock markets can play a role.  Capital can be pooled to build large companies.  But corruption, cheating, siphoning by promoters must stop and let small shareholders pool capital.  In USA small investors pool capital.
0 0 We are really glad of changes that are taking place through out India.
0 0 Multi storied parking place since space is limited.Also underground parking lot can be built.To avoid unnecessary parking,high parking fee may charged.Railway stations and airports anyway need 247 CCTV surveillance.Parking places at stadiums,hotels,school,college,university and shopping malls also require round the clock monitoring.At a city like Mumbai ,parking fee can be a good source of revenue generation.People can use more of public transport like metro to avoid parking hassles.
0 0 Mumbai area must spread for smooth the parking as well as residence also.
1 0 Gov should make parking sign n line for parking place n on busy roads should not allowed parking
0 0 As I discussed earlier about vehicle color code,the color code may be any logo issued by Govt to the vehicle & should be easily recognised by traffic police.
1 0 We have got a responsible & strong government after long wait ; so come together my country mates we should prove ourselves in the Universe....Jai Bharat...!
0 0 Health Insurance - This is a area which is being exploited by various Insurance agencies by creating fear of miss-happening among masses with involvement of Medical Institution, most of honest individual like me are spending Millions on fear of Health Sickness- Government should control this by diverting this Millions into Indian Medical facilities and providing Low Cost High result Medical facility in India lest our money goes out of India by MNCs
1 0 We will have to work together for this. Not only the parking policy together we have to do a lot for our country problems .If every person of our country understands there responsibility & contribute a little then we will be a superpower....... Our government is taking  lots of good steps but implementation & success  of every scheme is a challenge for us,so let's work together.......I am ready & will encourage everyone to contribute something for INDIA.....Jai Bharat..!
2 0 I think parking issue is not in Mumbai but is increasing overall in other metropolitan cities as well.We cant decrease the vehicle buyers but we can decrease the no. of vehicles on road in a week.I think every vehicle whether two or four wheeler should be given a unique color code so that that vehicle with the specific color code will not seen on a particular day of a week.To some extent we can improve the parking infrastructure based on a weekly schedule.
1 0 Parking in Govt. places like stations can be dealt by building more spaces above or below. Major concern is at market places. Every market /lane/ specific locality should have a multi stored building sponsored by every business entity in that particular locality according to their need. More customers more space than more money should be sponsored along with Govt. or any other pvt entity. Sponsoring can be one time or monthly
0 0 I have a solution related to my previous post. Government should reserve some % of seats for the students who passed his 10th and 12th from government school in top engineering and medecial and other fields. .
1 0 Sir; To ensure every citizen must have home, bank should co-operate to give loans to borrower by taking their affidavit of payment plan, self attested copies of maps of building proposed and estimated coast of buildings. I want to make my own home at Begusarai, Bihar but due to formalities of bankers like SBI and brokers of bank, are a great problem to borrow loans. Kindly issue a guidelines for bankers for easy process of loans for making home and a SAMANYA MANVIKI like me can be benefitted.
0 0 We can improve the public transport service. This way, the public will be motivated to use the public transport rather than take out their own vehicles on the road.
0 0 Promoting Vehicle pooling by making Vehicle pooling groups online to reduce demand of parking space.
1 0 Sir I wanted to say that most of the politicians or people uses the term "Is Desh" i.e "This Country" to address the country, why don't they use "Hamara Desh" i.e "Our Country". So I want to say that at least our P.M should use "Hamara Desh" in his speeches. #Country #P.M #People
1 0 Those who use the road to park the cars of vehicles should pay a tax or rent. this will discourage people from buying more than 1 car just for the show of it. This will help reduce traffic congestion and indirectly pollution.
3 0 I am unable to write in saansad adarsh gram yogana. So, I am writing in open forum.. Please check..my point is that their are only 795 look Sabaha and rajya Sabaha members, and 6,38,000 villages. it will take many many decades to transform India. If we check income tax payers above 1crore income. Their number is 42,000. If sh.narender modi ji write to all these tax payers or invite them in delhi and tell them to transform 1village each. I have made presentations. It will take only 1decade..
1 0 In beti bachao - At the time of  birth, a lumsum amount of Rs.5 Lac credited on the name of child in post office and as soon as child get admission in school, his fees should be credited into the account of school account from the interest amount of post office deposit.
2 0 Make people aware about use of public transport. To start with divide areas in mumbai where on particular day in a week no parking should be allowed thereby forcing people to use public transport. This will gradually make public transport efficient as transport agency will also be forced to give better service. Simultaneously people will start using car pooling and clubbing their transport needs.
0 0 Sir, Jai Bharat Rearchitecting of the Mumbai City is now impossible. First it requested to scrutinise all the Govt land deals for the 30 years. It can disclose some land scam that can be beneficiary for govt to accommodate basic infrastructure of the city in near future. Second Multilevel  & underground parking may solve the problem. Thirdly no new project should allowed without facility of parking.
0 0 Multi level parking is the only suggestion. Government should create bulidings with 12-13 levels of marking near the places where traffic is more. All new buildings malls, Govt offices, Societies should create 3-4 level of parking and allow others to park them with fees.
0 1 make aware about people by broadcasting in television on fix date about parking rules and area, and make area wise detail on mobile so people find where parking facilities, mmc has to be take follow up and make strong action if not follow
1 0 Some how we always try to create problem and then find solution. The policy of prevention is better than cure is seldom in practice. The increase in usage of personal means of transport is the route cause. Like residential complex we need to construct parking complexes at all junctions. This will accommodate more vehicles in less space.
0 0 creation of slot level parking like NYC is the one solution that is long term future oriented.
0 0 To encourage parking of cars in parking places, rates should be very less. for two hrs it should be free. It should be mandatory to make parking in every house. Parking charge of Rs 1000 per month should be charged from Cars owners who do not have parking in his house.
0 0 Maharashtra co-op act that governs housing societies has good provisions on car parking rules for CHS. This allows for minimum 1 car park for every flat, rotational parking etc however there is hoarding of parking space by members and the rules are not implemented. This alone can take care of parking issues in lot of areas.
1 0 A comprehensive city transport system should be created. Public transport should be made more efficient and connectivity to public transport "bus-stops" and "stations" should be made as convenient as possible. Parking should be made expensive and the revenue should be used to make public transport more convenient. Electronic parking meters should be introduced with payments through credit or debit cards.
0 0 And suffer so heavily under the hands of you and the company under which we are working.  I know Sir if you are able to read my comments or any of them reads this comment, my job will be gone but at least my colleagues who are suffering might not suffer in the hands of these companies who treat us as animals sir if you also do not treat outsourced employees as Bonded labours.
0 0 I am one of a few consultants who are being harassed by the companies who got contract for PFMS project of O/o Controller General of Accounts, Ministry of Finance and work under the company e-Centric Solutions (P) Ltd and being harassed from so many months with regards to my salary and recently received only 2 months salary out of the 5 months pending salary that from August 2014 and how can we work if so many months salaries are pending and having to take hand loans or loans on interest....
0 0 Modi Sir, when you say that all are responsible for the development of our nation then why treat outsourced employees as inhuman when they also contribute at the ground level, are we not citizens the moment we are outsourced employees and the employers have all the rights to harass their employees working for Government Projects...
0 0 HON'BLE MODI JI, KINDLY BESTOW THE HONOUR OF "BHARAT RATNA" TO MUSICAL MAESTRO OF INDIA - A.R. RAHMAN...IF POSSIBLE, DO IT NEXT YEAR BUT, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AS HE TRULY DESERVES IT... HE MUST GET THE REWARD WHICH HE TRULY DESERVES FOR HIS HARD WORK AND HIS DEVOTION TOWARDS HIS WORK AND HIS COUNTRY... PLEASE SIR, KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE.... Warm Regards
0 0 HON'BLE MODI JI, KINDLY BESTOW THE HONOUR OF "BHARAT RATNA" TO MUSICAL MAESTRO OF INDIA - A.R. RAHMAN...IF POSSIBLE, DO IT NEXT YEAR BUT, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AS HE TRULY DESERVES IT... HE MUST GET THE REWARD WHICH HE TRULY DESERVES FOR HIS HARD WORK AND HIS DEVOTION TOWARDS HIS WORK AND HIS COUNTRY... PLEASE SIR, KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE.... Warm Regards
0 0 First these life saving drugs should be available for our people in India. The health Ministry should transform the condition of Government Hospitals. If a private hospital can give best facility then why not a Government Hospital. Government spend lots of money for improving the condition of Hospital but the money does not reach to the Hospital.The Health Ministry should look towards it because rich people can get the medical treatment from private hospital but for poor Government hospitals are
0 0 Today i was reading a news  in TOI regarding the illegal life saving drugs smuggling from India to other countries in world. i think if we make some policy towards it and make it legalize to export life saving drugs like cancer and HIV to other worlds at a cheaper cost then India can become a hub for exporting medicine. Simultaneously it can become a hub for medical tourism where people from other countries can come to India for treatment . But during this we should forgot the people of India .
0 0 Sir, I have been writing about lots of issues and now also I would again write about cleanliness in railway stations, trains etc is still in the worst condition. If we are travelling long on national highways there are no facility for toilets, there should be toilets on national highways its very difficult for ladies especially now also even after you have started the swach Bharat abhiyan there are still no facilities to put the garbage in highways,bus & Railway stations,in markets etc
0 0 Introduce cap on vehicles based on road area in all cities. Convert railway stations into multilevel parking lots. Railways would earn much needed revenue and parking woes will ease.
0 0 Dr. Rajan Dropped rates a quarter point, our stock market boomed and our rupee rose as foreigners wanted to capitalize on our equity boom. I just now hope that our BJP party takes over Delhi and that our Iran oil imports maybe further negotiated in rupees if possible? Thank you to Prime Minister Modi and his cabinet for all that you do.
0 0 ..with a bang and launching a ton of programs ranging from health policy to oil fields, make in India, agriculture and defense. Also, congratulations on using our own Infosys Mysore Campus as a Smart City model for our other cities; I think PM Modi made a very wise choice to use it....as the campus itself is self containing, beautiful, and fully functional. Major REITs could learn to use this campus as a model as well. On interest rates....I stand corrected and I'm thrilled I was incorrect..
0 0 Good evening; following the other posts below, better trains, buses would be the obvious answer to try and reduce the number of cars on the road. But what about high class auto rickshaws?? Autos are still popular, easy to drive in dense traffic, relatively cheap but perhaps could be modernized too? I don't know....just trying out another idea. More autos and fewer cars would also reduce traffic density. On a separate note, Congratulations to PM Modi and his cabinet for kick starting 2015 off..
2 0 Reduction of Traffic in Mumbai can be helped by introducing 'Executive Local Trains' fully Air Conditioned with doors closed. Hope dignitaries will prefer such trains instead of their Cars
0 0 Since we have dearth of area,Multi storey car parking should be constructed at regular intervals,also in a city like mumbai car pooling be promoted or be mandatory .  Additional space be provided in Redeveloped or new constructions,to the public at nominal cost.
0 0 In A Ward particularly around Colaba area there are heritage buildings which were built before cars came on the road and hence were not built with car parking spots. Also these cant be redeveloped to include car parking. Therefore residents here have no option but to park on the street outside their house. Under these circumstances how you can you expect a resident to pay for parking ? Shouldn't residents of heritage buildings be exempt from these charges ?
0 0 Cluster development of the societies will not only give better living space to residents, it will result in more parking areas, open spaces and beautiful Mumbai. No additional house/ flats should be allowed for redeveloped buildings i.e. no increase in no of dwelling units. The developer can get right to own commercial area in redeveloped building not residential area.
0 0 say them that if you keep your city clean your can clen the whole world one or the other day, park correct and even say to your friends or retalives
0 0 Parking in Mumbai is a huge problem specially in south mumbai. Cant we make underground parking lots below parks and grounds. Also cant we give extra fsi to builders for redevelopment with a compulsion to build cumpulsory parking for the residents and also Pay & Park for public whose rent goes to BMC for maintenance of the roads around. this way a lot of wrong parking on roads and to a extent a lot of traffic will ease out.
0 0 Unfortunately, like New Delhi, Mumbai is not a planned city. It needs a completely new approach:- 1. Construction of multi-level Flyovers are MOST essential within the city. 2. Clearing of illegal dwellings especially unlicenced commercial outlets. 3. Construction of underground Parking Facilities with higher charges ie Rs 100/- at incremental rates. 4. Privatised construction of Multi-Level Parking Lots (on similar lines as Expressways). 5. Older residential areas may be re-developed.
1 0 Fine people who park their vehicle at wrong places & blacklist them who repeat the similar offence.
1 0 1.I think ban should be imposed on buying of new cars for next 2 years & encourage public vehicles. 2.A building should be built for car parking in about 2 km range. 3.An online portal should be started which gives whole information about the current situation of the car parking building,& people can book their place in that via online. 3.For 2-wheelars also a similar parking lot should be created. 4.A large amount of fine should be taken from those who park their vehicles at wrong places.
0 0 PARKING POLICY WILL NOT SUCCEED UNLESS THE NEXUS BETWEEN PARKING MAFIA AND MUMBAI POLITICIANS IS NOT BROKEN
0 0 first of all we have to develope the maximum sea way , then go for the fly overs then traffic will be in controlled position, also increse the local and metro facility and develope the public transport sytem enormesly, for the parking , multi stage parking system near the corporate sector and stations etc .
0 0 The crowd management with a unique systems will boost up the operational efficiency of Car Parking Management.How to implement those management.International exposure with systems designs (consultancy) knowledge could be ideal way.How the automated car parking with pre paid/ or post paid can be work out.The systems installed North American Markets.How your point of contacts and effective strategical approach is very important to us.The time is money and solutions like Bombay parking crowd ?call
1 0 A suggestion connected more with road safety: employ third gender as traffic wardens at junctions 1) This would relieve burden on traffic constables 2) Would reduce incidences of begging by them at junctions 3) would make them socially empowered and acceptable 4) As motorist are often seen throwing trash at junctions, these third gender can also be roped in as  part of Swachh India movement.
0 0 Create Multilevel Parking near stations.
0 0 Solution for vehicle who block path of Ambulance. Install a front facing video recorder on front of Ambulance. After which, record feed could be wirelessly transferred to an analysis server to find Vehicle Numbers of all erroneous vehicles and penalise them through local RTO. This will bring sense and respect for humanity
1 0 Countries are using now underground parkings. Why not we? At least in all those areas where its easy AND economical
0 0 we need multi story parking system urgently
0 0 1.Multi-layer Parking by side of road where land is available 2. Construct multilayered roads where there is much congestion, one layer of road be reserved for parking 3. make parking place compulsory beneath every building 4.In every market parking be constructed on top floor of market by investment through public.5.Every vacant piece of land be encouraged to be let for parking on payment basis.6 Income tax incentive be given for construction of parking lots.- S.C.Kulshrestha, Agra
0 0 I think 2015 will be a great year for us Indians and Prime Minister Modi and his cabinet will lead the way for us all. I hope we try to present as many bills as possible for approval to the Upper house, and if they are rejected, hopefully 6 months later (if feasible), a joint session can approve them all??? Thank you Prime Minister Modi for all that you do. :)
0 0 rises, GST hopefully gets rolled out soon and increases revenue further, and promotes savings at high deposit rates. Then the banks also have more funds to lend properly. At worst, the Gov't may have to borrow domestically but that's a better problem than a currency crisis. Also continued state asset sales to no less than 51% would be a great source of capital as the current administration knows much better than me.  Thank you Prime Minister Modi and your cabinet for all that you do.
0 0 I don't have enough data but if we could engage Russia in a Rupee/Rouble currency swap and use roubles to buy Oil/Gold, that could have an enormous positive effect on CAD and GDP. Then with high interest rates, FDI still comes, and if the Gov't borrows from banks at cheap rates and lends cheaply to industry for specific projects, then maybe the economy still grows without RBI lowering rates. Hopefully then Forex reserves continue to rise as we need at least 5 times the current figure, GDP....
0 0 ...deficit may increase due to domestic borrowing. That's a much better problem to have than the other scenario I was concerned with. Today we can see a Russia, which has more reserves than us, rich in oil and natural resources, a much smaller population having a hard time dealing with sanctions, lack of access to capital markets or capital. If India's rates dropped, our situation could also worsen quickly. But prudent fiscal spending..may be the best answer at the current time?
0 0 ....the States and still attract FDI. Also, as our central Gov't has the lowest borrowing cost in India, perhaps the Gov't could borrow at the lowest rate and directly lend funds to the private sector for promoting projects (employment etc) that directly contribute to Gov't initiatives (make in India, Bottom of the Pyramid programs, wireless etc). So Private sector gets cheaper funds, RBI doesn't lower rates, FDI still comes, and forex reserves may still increase further. Only the Fiscal....
0 0 ...I think that may be the best way to go. So far we've seen industry and Gov't interests in lowering interest rates at a time when the US is considering raising them. My concern is that a rising US rate coupled with India reducing its rate will result in a capital flight, weakening rupee, larger CAD, lower GDP, lower reserves and a potential financial crisis. Alternatively, if we keep our rates high, where they are or higher to fight inflation, we could still have a higher real yield than.....
0 0 Good evening; following my last thoughts on how parking policy may be enhanced to not only increase revenue but simultaneously potentially lessen traffic density, I think this is one step that Prime Minister Modi and his cabinet could possibly take to lesson the pressure on the budget. However, I'm no expert. Still at a macro level, I believe that if we may find some way to fix our CAD, increase domestic savings, attract foreign funds and use aggressive fiscal policy to drive growth,...
0 0 The user paying the Parking fees should have the facility to park the vehicle full day and not only in nights.
0 0 Parking buildings and charging premium rates dunring peak hours on busy streets. Hospotals should be excused though
0 0 Multilevel vehicle parking is the only solution .
2 0 Parking Concept- Next generation revolution for India Economy Growth http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/01/potential-of-development-india-pa...
2 0 Parking Concept- Next generation revolution for India Economy Growth Automatic parking slip machines should be implemented like Bangalore/ Australia and credit /debit card option should be there. No dalal is there / no corruption/ direct income transfer to government body http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/01/potential-of-development-india-pa...
0 0 car design should be rocket shaped. will take less space, efficient and reduce pollution. Refer my work http://wp.me/p3dJz1-9c
0 0 Constructing Multi--level car parking near metro stations and near main bus terminals can address the problem to some extent. .
0 0 There should be a strict rule of not approving any new construction without a certain percentage of project design being approved for parking purpose such as (30%). This is norm in most densely populated asian countries. There should be no bribery of CORRUPT government officials and it should be strictly implemented.
0 0 Feel that we should adress this question in a different way. How to reduce the number of new cars entering our roads on daily basis. Instead The policy should not be restrictive in nature. If anyone parks in no-parking spot, they can be fined. There are so many side roads that do not have much traffic. People should be allowed to park there without hindrance. There are lakhs of buildings that do not have parking place inside their compound. The policy should take care of such scenarios as well.
0 0 If I can get possible help from Govt.will bring down the cost of living, save import cost, providing innovative ideas to ct down waste of expenses, bring huge memmbers for BJP, SMS is good but seems to have a good follow up. I donot know whom to meet and explain , like me there sare lot of people and smart people reaches easily and get benefits forthem selves not for Nation.
0 0 All People belonging to metropolitants should have a smart card. This smart card shall be used to pay the parking fees . the payment  should be made while exiting . To prevent people from cheating . This parking space should be multistoreyed and closed . There should be different classes of parking . Luxury class should have people to clean the cars while they are parked . This should be done on government money to give employment to people and to enable revenue generating
0 0 Feel that we should adress this question in a different way. How to reduce the number of new cars entering our roads on daily basis. Instead of making large parking spaces , which would always be indequate, we better the public transport system , by which dependency on private transport / wider roads/ never ending parking requirments would reduce
0 0 Take simple steps like : (1) Increase Parking space by building multi-level car parking system .. (2) Work on PPP model, and Call international expert / co. to build more parking space with tech equipped for easy, fast & smooth parking in less space (3) use most underground area (4) It should be very near by, efficient, user friendly and in large qty so it becomes a habbit, & people easily use (5) These area should be equipped with security & service centre - so people benefit & love to use them
0 0 The policy should not be restrictive in nature. If anyone parks in no-parking spot, they can be fined. There are so many side roads that do not have much traffic. People should be allowed to park there without hindrance. There are lakhs of buildings that do not have parking place inside their compound. The policy should take care of such  scenarios as well.
0 0 ban all vechicles before 2000 save environment
0 0 FIRST OF ALL MAKE NEW RULES FOR BIKERS,CHECK ALCOHOL AND WIDEN THE CITY AREA.
0 0 Multi-story car stacks should be introduced. Car-pooling should be introduced. odd number cars should be allowed on the roads only once in two days, the same is with even numbers too.
0 0 also CCTV should be installed in Car park an ipaddress marked below the camera to allow people to view their car while they are away. Tie up with vendor for daily dusting of car for extended parking. Doors and windows get clogged for extended parking. facility for mechanic to fix problem of battery down etc  Two wheeler taxi to drop at short distance if required from car park if car park is little away from the public venue.
2 0 multi level paid parking should be constructed at all the stations with good signage. To keep the rates in check all avenues should be explored like advertising on pillars tickets counters walls. Bill boards at the terrace. Providing cleaning service. Renting a part of multilevel parking to automotive repair shops. Some time after a extended parking vehicle don't start.  a Good maps of the locality to benefit people coming from outside. People should be encouraged to use folding bikes.
0 0 ALL WESTERN RAILWAY PLATFORM HETGHT SHOOLD BE INCREASED SO CHANCES ACCIDENT WELL BE REDUSED KIRIT SOMIYA GIVEN PROMISE TO INCREASE HETGHT OF PLAT FORM BUT ANY HOW TODAY ALSO ACCIDENT ACCURE DVE TO LOW HETGHT OF PLATFORM. SO PLEASE
0 0 If the Jewish,Christians,Muslims and Hindus are acted in good Faith to achieve peace,unity,health,wealth,faith,interfaith,disasters and stopping of terrorism,they ought to have seen the messages and Research paper posted at http://www.goldenduas.com for the following reasons an the basis of Quran verses,Luke,Exodus , Psalms and also Deut  as follows Acts 10:38 About Jesus of Nazareth, how God gave the Holy Spirit to him, with power: and how he went about doing good and making well all who were
0 0 Transport dept should create a registrar of people (encourage ppl to register themselves in the registrar) commuting from residential areas to official areas, and then encourage chartered pvt bus services to ply these routes - fare rates (monthly, weekly, daily, etc) can be decided by the mkt forces. This will single-handedly reduce significant private car peak-hour commuter traffic from the city roads..
0 0 increase parking space - underground, multi-level, under the flyover parking. Parking spaces should be built considering security aspects as well to avoid unforeseen incidents like blasts etc. Policy of odd/even reg no vehicle days can be introduced to encourage car pooling,
1 0 The truth is that none of our MPs and MLAs ever have traffic-related problems or parking problems because their convoys sail through smoothly after traffic is blocked for their benefit. If they had to experience these problems personally, if they had to experience first-hand the hell of commuting, I'm sure they would be motivated to do something about it immediately.
1 0 Instead of treating the symptoms of the illness, why dont we just get to the root cause of the disease? The problem is there are too many cars in this country which is over-populated to begin with. Why doesnt the government encourage public transport? If public transport was improved and if there was up-scale transport available for the more affluent sections of society, we wouldnt have parking problems. Singapore allows only even or odd-numbered cars on the roads by turn. Please implement this.
4 0 For parking in any city i feel that the following can be done. 1. Multi storied parking can be made just above the railway platforms. 2. Parks can have underground multi level parking. 3. We can also have multi level parking below wide roads. All this is a bit fund consuming which can be recovered by way of parking fees but it will solve our parking problem in the long run.
0 0 FOR MAKING QUCK BUCK  criminals extort more than the specified rate. THE MAIN PROBLEM IS MONITORING BY AUTHORITIES BY RANDOM CHECKING.
0 0 1. Identify in every locality one or more parking space which can be charged at a premium who does not have a parking within their premises.  Build multi-level parking at Corp expense; Allow families to have only one vehicle and charge @ 200% for second vehicle.  De-register all those vehicle not conforming to road/emission standards or >15 years old.  In narrow streets, have odd/even day parking for smooth traffic flow.  post homeguard volunteers in every street to check the above.
0 0 In Mumbai u will find the left lane always parked with vehicles, this is done with bribes given to Traffic officers, you have to stop this as it will decongest traffic atleast 30% and that lane can be converted in to CYCLE & BEST & TWO WHEELER & AMBULANCE & VIP Lane Only
2 0 Parking Space should be made available by the Govt and RTO instead of Harassing  car owners for it.Govt should Release Vehicles SALE QUOTA for every RTO MH01-02-03-04etc according to space available in Mumbai.Parking Charges should be nominal for first Hrs and should keep doubling every Hr so that people avoid bringing cars in Mumbai Local Transport has to be Modyfied
0 0 Hi Sir i have been driving to Mumbai since 1987 when i purchased my is car which i used to drive on rent a car basis,What i found in Mumbai is that all the available parking is operated by private operators illegally hand in glove with local RTO Officers example Crowford market, To avoid corruption regarding Parking all vehicles should be issued Parking debit cards ( Example Green Cards issued t SBI for Transfer of cash ) which should be linked directly to car owners account Parking/ Fine etc
0 0 introduce parking tax. A particular vehicle always occupy a space of the city. There is limitation of space availability for housing, nearly 5 lakh people living without houses in Mumbai. So living space is important than the parking space. permission for Vehicle purchase is only given to those having parking space in house or apartments. parking in public roads and service roads,platform should not be allowed. Parking tax should be introduced. this can reduce the no. of vehicles in the city.
1 0 TAKE ALL POPULAR TEMPLES IN CENTRAL GOVERMENT LIKE TIRUPATHI,PALANI,SABARIMALAI AND ETC...ALL GOD  GIFTS  AMOUNT SHARES IN ALL STATE PEOPLES
0 0 Like in singapore, car prices should go up by one time road tax, one time parking charges etc, which will reduce traffic and parking problem and also bring acchhe din for the public transport
0 0 1. Parking towers should be provided in busy markets 2. Parking fines should be digitized. i.e. Car owner should get a fine receipt sent to his house. Jammers/Towing should stop. 3. The said receipt should have a deadline for payment and failing it should result in direct debit to his/her account or cancellation of license. 4. Co-op societies having parking tower for general public should be given concession in municipal taxes. 5. Benefits must be introduced for car-pools. e.g. dedicated lane.
1 0 1.No new car permitted unless buyers  guarantee a private parking space 2.A realistic parking price where demand meets supply need to be discovered 3.Need to Establish A Municipal /Traffic Police jointly led Municipal Parking Authority 4.All on road parking must be within the marked boxes 5. Parking revenue goes for Transport fund and used for improving Public Transport
2 0 1. All the parking places should be regisgered with mumbai municipal corporation and it should be available on mumbai mc website who so ever wants to park his vehicle where ever should buy parking place online if there is no place left at some place then they should not carry their vehicle and prefer public transport or metro or whayever which has parking place
1 1 Residential Bldgs need to be built with parking floors by keeping in mind at least 3 cars per member so that visitor as also future needs to are met and cars do not get parked on road. Parking fees need to be collected only by smart cards and no manual collection to be permitted. MCGM needs to built multi level parking on it's free plots before being taken over by other entities.
1 0 BESTdepots can be vertically developed with several levels of parking. This will enable commuters to park and ride. Additional floors can be developed and sold to offices to subsidise building of these parkings. Low cost AC buses (not necessarily low floor) can be provided for park and rides.
0 0 Port lands may be considered for building vast multitier parkings, and these may be connected to Nariman Point and other office areas through free shuttles. This will divert traffic from Sion Panvel Road to Eastern freeway,  and thus decongest both central and South Mumbai during office hours. If these parkings can also be attached to commercial or retail spaces, similar to CR2, port can earn annuity revenues.
0 0 http://bc.ctvnews.ca/vancouver-parking-cops-may-get-high-tech-licence-pl... May be this could help
1 0 Public transport sensing control for congestion prediction,parking policy to be in accordance with present draft, avoid spot fine if driver is in his seat, request politely move to parking spot with minimal Govt. Parking Place in Mumbai. Traffic police should show them via GPS system to car owner to destination to Govt. Allocated Place, for 2-wheeler 10rs per day for Govt. public parking place,4-wheeler 40rs,Traffic police would have GPS sys to show the owner not fine thus revenue ROI by Govt.
1 0 There are 100s of footpath in Mumbai which are not available for local people for walking but they are for local vendors. Most of the people have observed that BMC official takes daily installment from such vendors instead of removing such vendors from the Footpath. If for this local vendors standing near footpath of local stations, separate streets are developed then traffic problem can easily be resolved
0 0 these rules can be helpful 1.hospital ,schools,public and pvt.institutes should be given permission to open when only requisite perking place is arranged. 2.school or educational institution timing should be resettle to minimize rush for example for every class students in a school start and close time can be separated by 5 minutes. 3.monthly tickets can be promoted to employees to check individual use of vehicle. 4.more public transport buses ,trains etc to be introduced. 5.double deckers must
0 0 I suggest that there should be special multi-storey buildings for only parking purposes which should be alloted to private companies for managing them (that is, looking after their cleanliness, etc.). There would be a special area in these buildings for 2-wheeler parking.These buildings would surely remove a lot of the load off Mumbai's streets.
0 0 Bringing down a hoarding is shown as big news. How many hotels, eateries, shops etc function in areas marked for parking spaces!  Definitely, in most of the cities a lot of road parking and consequent road blocks could be avoided thereby saving on petrol/diesel. The environmental issues could also be addressed to some extent.
0 0 Sir in mumbai 100 Sq feet to 1000 Sq feet flat or shop builder provide compulsory one parking to owner and above 1000 Sq feet 2 parking compulsory provision by builder and multi story building 4 ya 5 floor parking compulsory pl
0 0 To ease parking, Stimulate a change in the behavior of the citizens and help them to decide in favor of public transportation. Major Cities are using advanced sensory technologies to predict traffic congestion and provide timely information on the traffic to authorities as well as to citizens. Mumbai may look into adding more east-west metros, north-south waterways; major congestion areas restricted to BEST or private buses only with heavy toll for others including taxis in the peak hours.
0 0 Need to improve public transport system to reduce the using of private cars.Improve the conditions of road to smooth flow of traffic. follow the Singapore system to issue the driving license.Recover encroached space and widen the road.Build public and private owned multilevel Parking facility. Charge the all those people parking in unmarked parked area and confiscate  their licenses for next 1 Month.
0 0 all suburban railway stations and metro stations can be provided with multi-layer paid parking to encourage citizens to use cars only for short distances and use public transport for onward travel. Ring services may be provided from train stations to nearest landmarks and office buildings and markets to reduce car parking requirement.
0 0 smart number plates can be provided to all vehicles. Camera scanners can read off parked cars & register with location and time in / out and info sent to central data base from where bill can be deducted from car's prepaid or post paid credit. . Additionally, this can be also used to identify any violation like no 3rd party insurance, etc. and car impounded or additional fines levied.
0 0 All streets to have pay and park machines with marked parking. Short term (for visitors to area) and long term parking (for residents of area)to be provided with different hourly rates. Paid receipts to be visibly hung. Expired or unpaid parked vehicles to be challaned using handheld wireless devices that will register in central data base, so no manipulation. Those who contest can approach court, if win, no pay, if lose 5 times fine + costs.Money to be used for traffic offenses automation
0 0 It must be fully automated so that there will not be any chance of corruption. Also it must employ multi layer parking so that the space will be used effectively. Basic Amenites to be available so that higher prices can be paid.Mostly schools can be used for parking in evening area after the working hours.
0 0 every  2 kms Build Metro Tower car parking (50 cars capacity)and must should  issue smart card every vehicle from RTA
0 0 Motivate people to carpool/ride share. Allow free; cheaper parking slots or better locations for those who carpool, e.g. for more than 1 person per car/4 wheeler. I started a free to use carpool program in June 2000 in Bangalore which also saw a major spurt in car population due to IT boom. I would be happy to volunteer/help.
0 0 On Street Parking  Strictly not allowed. Off Street Parking  On street parked vehicle should be charged very huge penalty  by ATM receipt from police, same should be deposited in State Bank of India in govt account only.  CC TV will watch all activities. Police dept will responsible for maintenance of CC TV. Home Parking  For Old buildings, Provide extra FSI for parking at ground. Existing residents of Ground Floors has to move on top
0 0 School and tourist place parking mostly ground flour best options any building . frist flour working place. this is my idea for mumbai invorment and zorgphay
0 0 public travelling facility availaibility is not proper. so that two wheeler and four wheeler is purchased by public. if the proper and planned public transport is available in any city, personal vechiles automatically minimum. it is also helpful for control traffic and saving nation petrol also. for development of public transport government must take initiative and some issue consider by public
0 0 for avoiding two wheeler accident, RTO can introduce new rule that is vechile must travel in local city not in tahsil also or other city. so that habit of long run on two wheeler is restricted.if vehicle of one city found in other city punished by RTO. if vehicle is purchased by one city to other city it must passed newly and new number is given to that vehicle. if this rule is obey by  plan or sincerely two wheelers long running travels decrease and accident also decrease
0 0 problem parking arise because we do not have bulk/public transport efficient in city. For immediate solution multi rack storage  system to be introduce
0 0 There is a lot of land at prominent places in the Mumbai/Thane cities already grabbed by all sorts of politicians and converted into commercial or residential complexes without any regard to parking.  All those lands and properties made should be wrested back by the government and provision for public parking be made. In US and other European cities, there is no commercial establishment without the provision for parking. In our country, even hospitals/clinics do not have parking facility.
0 0 bmc can have additional income if they build car park of 3/4 floors in area around the byculla zoo, nehru science centre few bmc offices. residents can be allotted night parking yearly basis
0 0 night parking should be allowed on reasonable charges for residents in the area around malls, nehru science centre, public places .in addition to decrease traffic on roads every local station should have day parking charges on reasonable rates so people can take trains and not go by car long distances. in additional pay n park services should be alloted to building on the road just outside their building on chargeable basis. this is a top priority
0 0 This is a herculean task in Mumbai city. Any rule or policy is not going to help improve the condition of general traffic & parking space in the city. Firstly, clear all the vendors from both sides of all roads, demarcate area of parking, improve conditions of roads, need to inculcate responsibilty within all riders minds & educate them, need to build infrastructure to make available well maintained parking lots in known congested areas, need to bring some sort of control & discipline
1 0 Wherever possible make it mandatory for Parking on week ends at School and college grounds or building front premises  even on week days if School, College can take at least 5-10% of extra public vehicles to utilize there spaces with appropriate market charges and parking services will definitely help to reduce on road parking. Ground means I don't mean sport grounds but small open grounds , play areas etc where no sport infrastructure but only natural ground or bldg. open space.
2 0 Private parking lots be built in shopping and other areas who can charge fees. 2) While granting permission make sure that the building is given Tax concession IF they build a certain number of Pay and Use Public toilets in the facility. 3. All Residential locality Roads should have one side parking for max 12 hours - this is to avoid people parking their cars in a road and FORGETTING about it.STRICT IMPELENTATION OF RULES ARE A MUST. Lorries parking on Highways for eternity should STOP.
2 0 1)Built 5  to 7 floor bldgs in all over mumbai so some parking problem solve 2)put heavy tax on second car in family,same thing with 2 wheelers.so because of heavy taxes more and more people use public transport 3) 10 years old vehicle must not run in Mumbai city.
1 0 Where BMC is giving the permission for construction to new building,even for re-development building, should make compulsion for at list one parking for one flat. Also Govt. should look in the roads, The width of main roads should be wider. Govt. should not allowed parking on the road, even at malls , movie theater it should be compulsion to construct the parking place for visitors.
0 0 1. The vehicles with registration Nos. ending with even number should be allowed on even dates and odd numbers on odd dates. 2. Traffic Police should be given target to collect fines from the vehicles parking both sides of road to discourage them. 3. New buildings (residential / commercial) should be forced to keep at least 10% of total parking spaces for visitors. 4. Monthly reports from buildings on 2/4 wheelers which are not registered in Mumbai and should be heavily fined.
0 0 Vertical growth can be an effective solution to the problem. Negotiate with people in horizontal growth colonies and rehabilitate them to vertical ones, thereby consuming lesser space. GIS can be of much help in rearranging the present traffic to optimum utilization.
0 0 MCGB has earmarked Parking areas in several places in south Mumbai and other parts of Mumbai suburbs. It would be helpful if these earmarked areas are listed on the official website (with regular updates) for citizens to know where to park vehicles. Secondly, staff of MCGB or Contractors should wear similar uniform across Mumbai to identify them quickly. Thirdly, MCGB should FIX the rate which should be displayed clearly so that citizens are not taken for a ride by demanding more during peak hrs
0 0 Kindly improve Government Sectors, Agricultures and Clean India. Please permanent Stop to Carry bag, Alcohol, Cigarette @ Gutkha.  Thanking you sir. - Rajani.C
0 0 My suggestions are as follows: 1. Allow private players to build and operate the multilevel parking and make it easy to get permission to make such parkings. 2. Do not give any new shop license to open shop and mall if they cannot provide the free parking. 3. Parking at the shops and malls should be free. 4. Do not allow to sell car if the owner does not have parking space (except the small cars) 5. Do not allow parking except in designated parking space
0 0 i think for sanitation purpose, we must introduce separate mobile toilet in all cities for both males and females. This toilet facility will help most in the SWATCHH BHARAT ABHIYAN and OUR CLEAN INDIA
1 0 Public transport needs lot of improvement in terms of frequency and dedicated lanes, so that people would be discouraged to use private vehicles.This should sort out transport & traffic issue Strict discipline & angular parking should sort out parking issue.
0 0 National wide single Toll free number to be introduced for Road side assistance which works in near coordination with Traffic department, this helps in clearing the vehicles which are break down in city premises and leads to traffic congestion
0 0 The parking price should be different for various spot and should be much higher in very congested area. This will encourage people to park vehicle in remote or different spots.
0 0 Public Vehicles: 1.Majority of office premises are not having enough parking lots compared to employees working in them. Govt should check such commercial premises and ensure the parking slots are developed 2. parking lots are to be developed in PPP model using the govt land and the same can be hired to companies/commercial building which doesn't have parking facilities 3.Residential apartments/houses are to be rated based on their parking spaces which provides concession in property tax
0 0 The concept of shared parking should be encouraged. Neighbouring establishment should share their parking space. Like any office requires parking in daytime and restaurant requires it in evening. By sharing it both can reduce their congestion by using each other's parking on different time.
0 0 parking policy should be strictly Implement.NOW-A-DAYS HIT AND RUN CASES MORE HAPPENING,CROSSING THE ROADS ON WRONG SIDE even police man is there,so many accidents occurred especially this need good goverence
0 0 5. Loading & unloading of trucks of any size can be done within 10 hours 10PM to 8AM. 6. It won't be a problem to commercial entities as these loading/unloading activities won't occur through out the month. 7. Any such commercial entities with involves in only such loading/unloading activities need to have there own parking lots. 8. Commercial areas with multiple smaller retailers /road side shops, govt should take initiatives in creating parking slots for their loading/unloading activities.
2 2 Heavy/Commercial Vehicles 1.Heavy/Commercial vehicles should not provide entry to city premises during peak hours 8AM to 10PM. 2. Parking lots should be made available for those commercial vehicles at all city entry points to park till the entry time of 10PM. 3. Entry&Exit Time of all such vehicles are to be maintained with records in parking lots. 4. No Commercial Vehicles are allowed to park on public places/roads during these Peak Hours.
0 0 Use of Office building parking space during weekends to decongest the roads and use spare capacity. Peak hour parking charges for vehicles going to heavy traffic zones. Online platform to buy parking space one for place of living and one for place of work (If parking space has not been provided by the society). Create multi layered parking space in the city.
0 0 1. Road side parking is being done as there is no place for parking inside the residential area. 2. There must be total ban on parking of vehicles at night on the roads. 3. Simultaneously, the govt must create parking houses on reasonal rent. 3. If any vehicle is parked, there must be fine, which should be at least double the rent of parking houses. If we take such actions, people will find other alternatives to park their vehicles either inside their residential areas or in the parking houses.
0 0 Now it is time that Govt. at Municipality level should create parking land including multiple parking space .This will make urban life congestion free .Municipality should take parking fee and enhance income to be used for roads/flyover ,sever system ,appointment of employees.Local authority should not allow construction on ground floor and make compulsory to leave space for parking .Roads should be wide by acquiring land .
0 0 Heavy vehiles tempo lorry may not be allowed during day time. For BEST there can be seperate lane. Lane breach can be made serious offence.
0 0 Parking slots created in USA with multi layer provision is the best solution. In busy roads parking should be banned during day time.Places subject to frequent traffic jam can be under CCTV surveillance.
1 0 Instead of municipality taking the vehicles which are wrongly parked, they can just give policemen some digicams(which are cheap), now these policemen can take photographs as proof for wrongly parked vehicles and these can be sent along with challan to their homes...obviously the address can be found from the traffic control system and directory. It will be cheap and benefical in the long run. Further, the big traffic vehicles themselves jam the area.
0 0 In  metro cities ,most people park their vehicles in the street .Street is public place where vehicles must be prohibited .People  who have more than enough money ,have purchased more than one vehicle and use generally one. In my view every citizen should park his car inside his residence and if he does not ,he should pay parking tax to Municipality.In this way congestion in the street may be reduced and income of the Municipality may be  increased to be used in clean India.
0 0 Parking is done by people many of times on the main and busy roads, that is wrong but they dont understand it. The same parking can be done in streets in between two main roads which dont see so much traffic. But people find it tiresome to park the car inside the roads and come to the place where they want to be. To deter them from parking vehicles where it is not allowed one thing which can help is symbols and signboards on road...especially mentioning fine if car found there.
0 0 Certain areas such as very busy markets may be made totally vehicle free...these may be few roads which have diversion of traffic through other nearby roads so that the market area does not get jammed. The vehicles can be parked at a distance and people can come to the market area by walking or by rickshaws which also leave them outside the main area. This shall be very useful for very busy market areas.
0 0 PARKING POLICY IS IT A JOKE 13 ?
0 0 Parking policy- is it a joke 12 ? The other areas outside the 2 km belt of residential area should be kept for car parks, public playgrounds, large schools, public recreation areas, cultural centers, theaters, etc... so that within a 15 km radius the whole circle is concentrated.... reducing the need to travel and public transport should be strong...reducing the need of private cars and other vehicles.... the current space allocation should be replaced immediately....to make mumbai livable...end
0 1 Parking policy - is it a joke 11 ? The commercial retail establishments must be banned within 2 km radius of one residential area, atleast  0.5 KM should be open space in 2 km area diameter, if residential area. Retail area, should be one side of the 2 km belt circumfrence and commercial area on the opposite side. Retail area should have FSI of 12 to accomodate all stores in an area of 0.5 km and Commercial areas should have FSI of 12 to accomodate all offices in 1.0 km....more
0 0 Parking policy- is it a joke 10 ? The only solution is going in for higher FSI of 10 but with a condition that 3 buildings should come together and make only a residential plot, with enough car parking space for all the members and guests inside the compound, enough area for a green space for water to flow below to mother earth to keep the water table stable, going high by 10 FSI should do wonders and free up space  of 3 buildings and only 1 building should be built on 3 building space.....more
0 0 Parking policy- is it a joke 9 ? Is there any concept of residential area or commercial area in mumbai, in khar, bandra, suburbs, shops everywhere, in each small lane, why there is an area only for homes, only for shops, only for commercial offices, the layout itself is faulty, the current fsi rules are being misused, SRA additions make life miserable, what good is a policy which is lopsided for politicians and BMC to make money ? Are we milking cows or human beings ? ...more
0 0 Parking policy - is it a joke 8 ?  When property taxes were doubled last year, without reason, do you realize at 5 rs a sqft x 500,000 sqft on one side of the road govt is collecting 25 lacs a month from just one side of the road, where is the money going ? How there is not going to be a  slow down when income tax, service tax, property tax, other taxes are being levied left right and center, living has become impossible, parking spaces will be taxed soon, how cruel is the gov of the state..more
0 0 Parking policy -is it a joke 7 ? Bandra, while going to Matoshree, just look under the bridge, there is dirt and rubble since last few years, this could have been green landscaped gardens or parking spaces, this continues and the space is neither green nor utilised..... so swach bharat is unswach, parking spaces are not utilised....likewise there is odd day parking and even day parking, on waterfield road 1 tps 4 some how, one side is no parking n cars r parked but nvr towed..... Who is closing
0 0 Parking policy- is it a joke 6 ? Rapid growth of slums, are due to legalisation of slum land and SRA policies, can you imagine, how much money is going to waste, people just keep coming, living in slums, with political help, than moving to new areas, this has left mumbai maimed, these open spaces have been grabbed, captured and used by politicos, upto now..... Slums in Mumbai from the current date of legalisation- should be banned or declared illegal, enough has been done n land grab..more
0 0 Parking policy- is it a joke 5 ? Mumbai go to abdul rehman street, kalbadevi, masjid, see the traffic there and understand, what kind of policies are in place..... it makes me depressed to talk about  this further.....but is this a joke ? your question should be studied, action taken, traffic policies, hawking policies, traffic flow studied or else, we mumbaikars will loose faith in your site.......
0 0 Parking policy- is it a joke 4 ? Most traffic cops are busy collecting haftas and bribes, there is not one, when the traffic is jammed on turner road, internal roads, it takes 30 minutes to go for 1 km, as there is no proper traffic policy movement, people break no entry points there are no cops there, how can there be cops doing nations work when they are busy filling their pockets, the Mumbai traffic is in shambles, due to lop sided expansion of buildings without RTO approvals or study....more
0 0 Parking policy - is it a joke 3? Mostly no parking rules state one cannot park 15 meters from the corner of the road, so what if the road is 20 meters wide , this means the block has to be 100 meters wide, so that from one corner to another 100 meters of parking space is there - 30 meters, in mumbai most blocks are 20 meters wide, the no parking policy is so old, that it should be put to sleep, parking on roads should be allowed freely. Most traffic cops have towing agency tie ups.... more....
0 0 Parking Policy - Is it a joke 2...? Linking road, Hill road, has double car parking every evening, there is not a single cop, to handle, the road opp national college could be a nice parking lot but it has small bhakras extending into the roads, why are pavements being allocated to shops ? Why are not shop 2 feet inside the Pavements, so that people have to go inside the store 2 feet from the pavements, mostly all shops are on pavements n extend into pavements , there is no parking space..more..
0 0 Parking Policy ? Is it a joke ? There is non that exists, the Gov of the state, sees its subjects as MILCHING COWS and not as its citizens. There is no foresight, building permissions are giving without noc from traffic department, dust generated from road projects and the amount of dirt left behind, will put PM Modi to shame, as this is against Swacch bharat, the traffic police are only collecting bribes and never seen to control traffic snarls, they are partners in towing services... more ...
0 0 There are several empty building plots. Permit parking on this on temporary rental basis. Let renters establish no legal claim of any sort. Also, some societies have extra parking space, which they could rent out to neighboring societies on temporary basis, again without any establishment of legal claims. Trucks supplying industry, from outside city, should not be allowed to park on streets at night. They should be summoned by industry at unloading time, and have turnaround by prompt unloading.
0 0 1. All new commercial buildings to have provision for parking.for the general public. They may charge for parking at government approved rates. 2.New residential multisroried apartments to keep provisions for visitors cars in their parking slot. 3. All new buildings to have a parking space. 4. Road side parking to be made chargeable at a higher rate . 5. Any residential /commercial building can have  parking  slot which they can allow parking of cars and charge money at approved rates.
1 0 1. entire country is a market place today. we must restrict this. where ever a market or business area or school etc. is located it should provide for  sufficient parking area. 2. parking cars on roads should stop in residential areas. the houses should either have car parks if they want to buy car(s) 3. all facilities should be designed properly and approved 4. law framed should be enforced 5. defaulters should punished quickly
0 0 1.Slip road for every bus stand. 2.Market areas should have a common parking area for four wheelers. And market should not be allowed for three or four wheelers. And every person should roam around by walking only
0 0 I feel that the government should make it compulsory for school, market, office building etc to first create the multi level parking &then they should get the license to operate. Market place should have its parking far from it to inculcate the healthy habit of walk. There should be heavy duty fine on those who park theirs vehicles at wrong places &waste the time of other people.
0 0 1. Develop multi level parking facility on built-own-operate basis. Specially in business locailities. 2.Clear guidance, instructions to reduce park on road sides this will help in decongesting the roads. 3.The vehicles stalling on the roads and causing traffic jams should be penalised so that the owner take care of their vehicle to avoid such issues while travelling.
0 0 Sir, the most important point is for citizen awareness in parking cars in order. People park 1 car in parking space for 2 cars.All people shud think in how best to optimize available space. All societies shud encourage parking of cars of their locality by some sort of sticker or no identification as no outsiders park their cars otside of their locality.Schools shud have designated drop and pick up points to avoid jams outside school gates and parents need to be advised to move out once they drop
0 0 Mumbai to make into great city need to develop quality public transport. It should create pedestrian areas and car no go areas that would mean no for red beaker politicians as well. Pedestrian areas must have maintained working CCTV infrastructure, police responsible. Make Car Parking unaffordable barring restricted tourists facilities any abuse and confiscate the car. Like in Great Cities of World. Rid the rich and poor divide by implementing unbiased well thought out CarParkingPolicy. JustDoIt
0 0 Sharing  to and fro is best way with known people.
0 0 Dear Modiji,We are having new Josh because we need some one to wake up , my personel exp. is bribe , now it is called formality, any body can see in the roads are parking cars, doing piss in public, throwing garbages and main thought now a days bcame that we can buy Police and thee is Auction to get the main area where they get more bribe. So have to bring a rule to trafic policeand allot them each part and if they fail to control imd.action should be tke\n and penality  should ne thre, in case they do good g we can honour them with  gift and garland.
0 0 This is the best way of parking problems
0 0 This is the best way of parking problems
0 0 http://youtu.be/kNfNCmHIHRc
0 0 Multilevel car parks. First remove unathourised encroanchments onto to public  roads. Dedicated parking spots for cars and two wheelers. Discourage private transport (metro/rail/bus service etc etc). Instilling traffic discipline will greatly help in reducing travel chaos.
0 0 strict rule should be made and any one who violates these rules irrespective of his position should be dealt equaly
0 0 1. Identification of areas based on it's importance and congestion such as  hutatma chowk, fountain, etc. to be marked as A zone, with high parking charges; 2. Parking fees / fines charging mechanism to be automated; 3. Integrated Park and ride stations; 4. No parking on roads and streets, such as JSS Road, congested but still has parking on road?; 5. Certain zones to be no parking or multilevel parking facility; 6. PPP based finance modeling for parking; Nitin fofandi-nitin_f@hotmail.com
0 0 Today We all are happy with the progress our country has made .. As mush as this growth has benifited us in a number of ways it has equally added to the woes specially for people in the metro cities Here everyday people pour in to live their dreams and population is growing. With the growth of population the challenge of traffic has also increased incredibly Today people can easily afford a car with numerous financial options This has increased the challenge of parking Everyday the city Is shrin
0 0 Make multi story parking facilities on urgent basis and increase train frequency and complete metro or this city is going to explode or collapse resulting in loss of business and revenue to goverment.
0 0 1- select the areas in the city where none of the vehicles will be allowedfro from 8 am to 8pm. 2- permission to buy new vehicle must be only given after submission of proof of allocated parking in residential area. 3- Parking facility in commercial and Residential premises must be large enough, clearly usable passages and Direct in view of drivers. 4- if required, 1/2 floor of the buildings must be allocated for parking only.
0 0 Mumbai has a strong public transport Network which include buses, taxi,autos,locals.People staying in Mumbai or visiting Mumbai should be motivated to use more of public transport and less of private transport.Apart from Parking this will ease a lot of other problems like congestion on roads and pollution.
0 0 Only one honest senior officer is required to tackle the problem. Although it would not be easy to find or would never get the position because there are vested interest galore who do not want improvement and chaos is the key to additional income. General public is not able to speak because of threat from vested interest. Soon people who have been venting their frustration online will also stop because for lack of action and vested interests getting data of people speaking againest them.
0 0 Here is a link to an idea that has been implemented in South Korea and has acquired quite good response
0 0 Any problem India faces starts from corruption and ends with no action on corrupt government officials and employees. However long and numerous subjects that may be discussed in this forums, nothing will come out of it until one day the government says enough is enough and we will not allow almost 100% corruption in our departments. Rather then using the long process of find solutions to simple problems first discussion should have been how to tackle or punish corrupt employees and officials.
0 0 Continued We can even provide people with more as many underground parking lots as we want. Surveillance will also be much easier. Since this project is supposed to be very expensive, I would also suggest that a little more money  should be spent to maintain the quality and also use the most advanced technology. After all India is going to become a superpower and we should not worry about all these petty things.
1 0 1. Use the Web based system to place parking availability on a website or app. 2. Allow users to book a parking space ahead of time at a discount. 3. Parking charges need to be time based so users pay the economic cost of parking. 4. Make a specific ratio of parking space to floor space mandatory for all buildings. 5. Make it profitable for developers to build multi story car parks and charge a market rate. 6. Aim to maintain specific ratio of total car park spaces to car population.
0 0 We can also reduce the number of traffic jams by making underground roads which will replace the major routs in the cities. Since they will be underground, we will also be able to increase the speed limit by a 100 km per hour because there will not be any pedestrians, animals or slow moving traffic. Like this we will be able to save a lot of fuel, people's time and also the environment. Since people will now have a new alternative, the roads will be a lot emptier.
0 0 People complain about not being able to find any spac for parking because they fail to find a spot even when parking is available. This problem can be solved by using attaching balloons to the ground through strings. When a car will stand at that place, the balloon will be pulled down by it. Soon as the car will leave that spot, the baloonl will rise again and will be inviting people to park at that spot. This will save people's time and a lot of fuel.
0 0 Parking area should not be giving to any authority.. Government should keep the space with them police should manage the parking.. And generated revenues should be used to developed police department.
0 0 For replace ment for hawakers they can share and take a shop on rent and sell their items from there instead from street this would increase their credibility and also give the locals i permament location to buy from.
1 0 i am sry to say this but we need to get rid of either cars or foothpath  as foothpaths are really used by hawakers and most off the people walk on roads ... getting rid of foothpaths will give a space of extra lane and make the parking area more towards the wall and make more room on roads to walk and cars to drive .and in deed also remove hawaking area.
0 0 One of the biggest problems in Mumbai is unauthorised occupation of space on public roads by all types of entities including hawkers, shop owners, transport firms, and public transport vehicles like autos/cabs when not working. Any parking solution for Mumbai must include clearing up and keeping clear public roads/lanes so that seamless traffic movement can facilitate new parking solutions. Without clearing streets of illegal occupation of public spaces, new parking solutions may not work fully.
0 0 I have traveled to Most part of the World like USA , Australia , Dubai , Thailand , Singapore , Chine etc everywhere there is Multilevel Parking Slot and They have planned it very well specially for Commercial Buildings.India needs more planned Expanded City Portions.Old areas Contested portion needed to be shifted to New Planned Areas.Parking on Road Side is also seen in most part of the world.We need to Make more Planned Cities.Thats All
0 0 Multi-level Parking (not power operated or automatic type) in every locality on Government/ Public Land and the spots allotted to, whosoever asks for it, at a price. The streets/ lanes should be freed of parking. Dr Jayanti P. Gupta
1 0 Building which goes under Redevelopment near Railways Station, Markets, or any public Place and those society who are interested in this parking maintenance the govt. should give them Extra FSI For parking this will be maintain by the society and the fund will used by the society and the parking charge will fix by the govt no parking place will be given to contractors if so there will be new corruption and every few month prise rise to face by the people
0 0 please construct parking buildings to enable to park cars and two wheeler in the parking buildings in the municipal area available in the market/,schools/tourist places.These parking Buildings can be built lease transfer basis\ BOT BASIS ) by contractors and allow parking charges on the basis of occupancy estimated in the particular area. The contract can retain that money in no of years till he recovers is contribution and interest  and return on his  investment.The Municipalit should also done
0 0 for new construction compulsary basement parking
0 0 The best and real time applicable idea is to build multiple level or floor   building which is at a feasible location and with automatic control
1 0 Parking at malls should be made free or minimum charges fixed by govt. this will ease a lot of pressure from the roadside parking. Basement construction should be made mandatory for buildings more than 3 floors.
0 0 Car pooling concept is good idea to save parking space, fuel and reduce traffic on roads.
0 0 Make pooling of car authorize with the help of technology you can issue card after police verification to user and one machine install in car so h has to swap before start...so owner do not have any problem....this will reduce substantial no of vechile from road
0 0 Bid shud invite to build 5-10story parking and builder shud given 5-10 yrs to get reimbursed by maintaining/charging parking charge. Can also built markets/Cinemas etc. on 1-2 floors for fast reimburse.  Vehicles parked out side parking place shud fined heavily.  Not only this will address parking problem but also helpful in Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan
0 0 PMji, Implement & copy the parking facilities just like in Dubai.  I suggest to build the parking building in every main centres the first 1- 5 floors (half of total floors) for the street venders for selling their products (space can be allotted by private / municipal & the above floors for parking.  This can be implemented for every fish & Meat / vegetable markets and the customer can park their vehicle and it will help the vendors and the customers to reach the market easily.
0 0 Parking charges should be reasonable.Parking mafias must be eradicated totally.Presently parking Mafia's are active near Police Commissioner"a office.What to say about other areas of the city.Parking lots are  necessary near every Government or Municipal Offices to avoid hardship to common man.
0 0 I would appreciate if the document that is put up (draft of policy) is also available in English. That might help people to actually read the policy and make more meaningful suggestions. If anybody on the forum can volunteer to post an English translation, that would be a great help to everybody.
0 0 Divide the vehicles in two categories. One which stay on the roads for less than two hours and another which stays more than two hours on the road. Construct multi level parking parks in PPP models. Make it compulsory for the vehicles which stay on the roads for more than two hours to park their vehicle to this parking parks, which will create enough space and de-congestion on immediate basis. Long term planning like re-designing the city as per Vaastu is required.
0 0 in every city, we have two systems of parking. one that is approved by local body and another which runs parallel and is controlled by mafias. therefore, all information about legal parking system of mumbai, should be availalbe in the website of mumbai nagar palika. so that citizens can identify, the authorised parkings. this site should be inter-active, so that citizens can send photos and videos of illegal parkings run by mafias. whether local corporators linked with mafia will allow this idea
0 0 WE HAVE TO FOLLOW THE MODEL OF PARKING LIKE CHINA & SOUTH KOREA, WHERE THEY HAD PUT MULTILEVEL PARKING ON THE CORNERS OF RESIDENTIAL PLACES & ALLOWING ONLY EMERGENCY VEHICLES TO ENTER THE RESIDENTIAL AREAS. THIS LEADS TO AMPLE SPACE FOR PLAYING FIELDS, NO POLLUTION, PERMOTING CYCLING & WALKING IN POPULATION ETC.
2 1 If Mumbai city has to be developed, big multi-level  parking has to be developed above all railway stations. There should be parking fees, say Rs.500 to 100  per hour/vehicle. These fees should discourage people to bring their vehicle on metro roads.We should encourage use of public transport.
1 0 Pedestrians should be given excellent foot path. All metro double roads should fenced. Elevators should be provided for road crossing bridges. This will reduce traffic issues.
0 0 Traffic problem can be solved by creating new roads or by prohibiting parking of vehicles (including bicycles) on both sides of roads in which PUBLIC TRANSPORT BUSES are plying. In big metros, Govt. should collect "road use fee" of Rs.10,000/- per year and this amount should be used to create large scale parking complexes. We should encourage people to use public transport which should be more convenient and fast.
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, WE THE CITYZEN OF INDIA THINK THAT MUMBAI IS THE BIGGEST CITY OF INDIA.THERE ARE MUCH POPULATION COMPAIR TO OTHER CITIES OF INDIA.SO THERE ARE ACCUTE PARKING PROBLEM. THEREFORE WE SUGGEST THAT PARKING POLICY OF THE CITY OF MUMBAI REQUIRES MUCH MORE THINKING.
0 0 Especially in the peak hours patrolling to be effective such that it averts improper parking at the roads which affects traffic. Punishments can be little bit severe on the persons creates nuissance to the traffic. Big shops and hotels (business centres) to be involved  and educated to keep proper parking on the vehicles parked at the front of their complex.Awarding can be given on the business complex, people who maintained good parking always and never captured under  penalties.
0 0 Firstly emphasis should be given on utilizing public transport or carpooling. Congestion tax should be levied on highly dense areas of the city. Parking should be chargeable no matter where it is done. No need of exchanging money at a lot, just take a picture of the cars plates and have it billed (also for tolls). Give private companies to build and mange multi level lots for both private and government vehicles.
0 1 Use of BEST depot should be explored. Say daily commuter working at fort can take his/her vehicle to coloba depot for parking which are empty during day time. BEST should run point to point buses every 10 min to take commuter from depot to fort. Parking charges for depot should be lower than in fort area so that people are induced to use this facility.
0 0 Vehicle is personal property and road is public and roads are meant for transportation and not for parking. I don't see any good reason why government should provide 'public space' to very few car owners at the cost of others. It completely violates the principle of equity unless charges are kept very high.
0 0 Should be a parallel separate lane for bikers , cycle and pedestrians along highways.....
0 0 Depending on vehicle density in area, all new construction should mandatory have parking constructed for public in the range of 25 to 100%. These parking lots should be auctioned to operations and should be linked electronically with online portals for seamless operations.
0 0 A clear policy on encouraging electric vehicles by bringing cost of ownership lower (such as Reva) must be worked out where Central & State Govt do not impose any tax. Electric cars being small will reduce parking area requirements and also have a significant impact on lowering pollution levels. All BJP ruled states can immediately bring taxes in electric cars to NIL. Other States would then be forced to do so eventually.
0 0 Layout should be approved with minimum 100' road width.Existing layout should adopt the same whereever possible.Building plan should be approved with space of common usage apart from vehicle parking. Public places in the layout shall always be utilised for vehicle parking. In urban area a common park should be made available for vehicle parking with  every one kilometer. Master plan, ring road/outer ring road should speak the real need of the people and it always should be meant for that forever
0 0 Two ideas for solving parking problems 1-Convert BEST owned Aagaars with space available into multilevel paid parking for cars within a geographical area near the open space. Also large societies or townships in Metros such as Hiranandani or oberois should work with townplanning and work out a solutionshould 2-
1 0 parking on the roadsides should be prohibited as roads are meant for transporting. in fact in AP Mr.chandrababu naidu in those told the court that if one cannot park his car in a judges compound he has no right to park a car on the road also! parking on roadside is a nuisance and should be made punishable. parking is not the responsibility of government but the owner of vehicles! cars should not be sold without parking facilities and residences should not be permitted without parking facilities.
0 0 Idea of parking is rubbish, since the root cause of too much population and poor transportation is not solved. The problem cannot be solved unless these 2 issues are tacked head-on.
0 0 Corporation should not give permission for new residential or commercial building without the owner making adequate parking space for users.
0 0 Corporation should create & maintain parking, public parking must be thru payment. Residential area parking should be free but need land & demarcation by builders, on publkic roads it must be payable. For commercial & tourist locations paid parking owned by corporation & private owners using multi layer parking must be created.Corporation should monitor & collect fee for establishing and maintaining all car parks.
0 0 1) where ever open places are available construct building with floor parking. 2) commercial area start parking charges with hourly basis so that many persons are parking for long time because its a free parking.  we hope 50 % problem will be solved by this way.
0 0 i request you to kindly take care of vehicles parked on out side of road. In the last two months, there were 2/3 incidents in which someone has burnt all bikes parked near a road or nearby area during the night. We dont have any parking facility in our area. That is a major issue. We really need a police inspection in our area like night inspection and CCTV etc. We all residents are also ready to help police in this matter. Kindly see attached picturs.
0 0 if there is no car parking then hawkers will occupy the the same place ,  i thick car parking and hawkers problem should be solve  at same time, more FSI should be given to builder only for special car parking complex, i mumbai there are many illegal building convert those building to special parking building
1 0 I feel it is better to built special building with multi floor parking as it is in other country's.They have to insist pepole not to park on roads so that they get habituated to use them  .
1 0 1.Municipalities or govt body has to build up multi story buildings  in every area with lift in order to park vehicles easy way with reasonable charges &  with electronic locking system. 2. Ministry of Transport & highways dept. to amend motor vehicle act to issue  & restrict the license to all age groups. At least should not be issued /permitted the license for the students, sponsor the bicycles to the students & to certain age groups, we can save the fuel, environment, foreign exchange etc.
1 0 Some inspecion to be done of roads where most of Car Repair Shops or Car Showrooms are situated. for example SV Road and Milan Subway road near Santacruz(w)--half of the road is encroached by the cars serviced by such shops.
0 0 However, for smooth cycling, encroachments of road by parked cars of shop owners, Car Repair shops, Car rental, New Car SHowrooms etc. should be removed. It is observed that there is no traffic law or restriction on these shop owners. Exclusive lane for Cycle to be provided. I am sure many would like to travel by cycle.
0 0 There is a small presentation made by my friend for helping Parking Policy in Mumbai. But, it is in pdf format. How can I upload it. Because pdf is not allowed.
0 0 Cycle ride to be encouraged for school/college goers and for office goers as well if the same is situated near to one's house. This can be discussed in all schools/colleges. Car pooling or bus service to be made must from Staff Quarters to Office, this will have two way effect--Reduced Traffic as well as NO LATE SITTING at office which is actually COUNTER PRODUCTIVE and COSTLY affair for Office as well as family and self.
0 0 better option for parking is underground parking lots, specially under near to parks, main bazars, markets,  temples, etc.. under the flyover,
0 0 devanathan vasudevan. All grounds including private school grounds partially or fully to be utilised to build roof top multi level parking without disturbing the utility of the school or the play ground facility on revenue sharing basis. This would not only provide 24 hours sports facility but also ease the area-wise load on road side parking.. Allow control/maintenance to the owner org. all bldg must have gr floor comp. parking.Levy huge fee for rd side prkg for multi car owners.
0 0 Let a group of honest and dedicated officers of transport department visit London. Private Cars are hardly seen as they are not allowed/ the parking charges are too high. Let the RED Buses run (ordinary and deluxe) Taxis may be permitted. This is happening in London. Adopt some thing which is good. Jai Hind.
0 0 Why only mumbai, why not Delhi.  influential are making black money in contravention to our constitutional provision of lot preventing concentration of wealth in few hands. The charges are rocketed & have changed from Rs.10 for 12 hrs,  to 4 hrs then to 2 hrs & now Rs.20 per hour. The objective is not clear, what for a person purchases a vehicle if  taking it out is to be discouraged. The MRP should not be exploited due to shortage, poor fellow can't fold & pocket.GovtSchool bldgs can nightPark
0 0 Dear Sir, I suggest to electronic systems  best.All vehicles should be registered in our RTO Department. RTO  should monitor our vehicles
0 0 Likewise cycle, bike, car to have pass to be parked in all identified zones for same cost from same e-card. RFID to be used & electronically credited / debited of rowner of that vehicle & no cash transaction at all. Zones will only have uploading / done loading facility for funds to the e-card.
0 0 Identification of near-by parking & display from expected connecting point of other transport system. Comprehensive monthly pass for multiparking functionality like person have pass including cycle, bike, car & same to used for ticket costs at buses, railways, metros, monos.
0 0 Central Automatic Parking Garage at crowded places like Town, Bandra Linking Road and Hill Road. No Trucks/ Heavy Vehicles should be parked on either side except for dedicated Truck Terminals. School Buses should be parked inside the campuses. Campus should create underground or elevated park I ng places. In new residential buildings dedicated parkings ( without additional cost) proportionate to size of flat to be made compulsory.
0 0 There are extra long trucks, buses, containers carriers, wagon carriers. Need space for them to park. Speed at ports (air, sea, depos) will make vehicle movement faster. When certainty of travel time increases, bottlenecks like need of parking will be reducing. After certainty, TAT will further reduce dependency parking slots. Both has to go hand in hand.
2 1 roads can be enlarged
0 0 Under ground parking facility. You can make a big under ground parking beside main road (NH) the name Under Ground Parking.
0 0 Encourage bicycle culture... please provide rent a bicycle facility.. also provide parking spaces for bicycles...
0 0 BEST / ST / railways / mono / metro can make underground parking zone for other vehicles for additional cost. Water front boat parking should have cycle / bike rick parking for further connectivity for people & material.
0 0 People should be using public transport more and more, Making public transport safer, cheaper and clean would be a start. As for parking, building BMCs praking tower sounds good. But they should on pay by basis. and i suggest o keep the payment monthly and a little higher side that will encourage people to use public transport
0 0 like residential buildings, special parking towers only may be allowed to be erected or build by the BMC itself at specified key locations in the crowded office areas in south Mumbai up to Sion and Bandra along the coastal roads, and where charges be allowed to be collected on hourly basis. Proper policy must be drawn so that convenient parking is provided and companies running the parking industry pays due taxes and makes reasonable profits and suitable exit policy for it.
1 0 BEST depots should be converted into multilevel parking slots parking as well as BEST loses problem solved.BEST revenue earnings plus new jobs generated immediately Parking rule should be strictly on FIRST COME FIRST SERVE BASIS.
0 0 Parking on one side of the street on odd days & another  on even days.Important Parking on any given day only on one side of the street i.e. either left side or right side.2.Vehicles bearing odd number ( last numerical digit on number plate) to be allowed into city simultaneously only even number vehicles can leave leave the city limits this also should be strictly followed by set down timings CCTV at all the major junctions and toll booths of entrance/exit of city. Software should penalize of.
1 0 Dont forget cycles/ bikes, dabbewala parking, e-retail go down parking, delivery vehicles parking. Need rules in registering such entities & taking shops / establishment act to make provisions for such parking issues. Even bullock carts, horse carts etc are plied in some parts of city need to be identified for that restricted area for tourists etc only. Like cars it should have maintenance facilities within the premises. Approach to & fro from such parking zones be different for type of vehicle.
1 0 Improve Public transport like local train, bus & etc. Bring more Private sector in new mode of transport in air, water, land  & underground. Make more Multistory Parking in Land, underground & sea. Make strict rule in which you cannot keep more than to 2 Vehicles for personal use. Make NO Hawker Zone near Tourist, Commercial, Bus Stand, Railway Station & etc.. Promote people to use more Public Transport... But after improving it. Increase the Parking Rate & decrease the time another can park.
0 0 New development implementation & increased registration tolls (one time) or running tolls (recurring) to avoid individuals movement & increase mass transport facilities. PPP basis FDI or CSR funds should be allowed. Certainty of time to connect one dot to another to be benchmarked & strive ot it achieve it. Redevelopment of CHS must be mandatory on cluster basis only.
0 0 Comprehensive planning required including under , above & over surface of Mumbai taking unexplored water front
0 0 Chess: Action is required to reclaim it as our game. Inspire pride for it using following suggestion:  http://small-suggestions-large-effects.blogspot.ca/2014/05/rename-our-ch...
1 0 1- Make mandatory for all new buildings to have sufficient under ground or ground parking 2- Malls must have three levels of underground + ground parking near by 3-IN areas of high population or tourist place there must be a building parking of seven or 8 stories. 4-A separate parking department should be open to monitor paid parking areas. 5-Parking officer must regularly check the payments made by the vehicle owner 6- Parking payment machine should be installed 7-Mobile payment option included
0 0 The draft policy is in Marathi Language. Please make it available in English and Hindi too. http://cdn.mygov.nic.in/bundles/frontendgeneral/pdf/parking-policy-20122...
0 0 Town planning: Number of parking should be at least equal to residences in any soc, School bus parking part of school premises, Taxi-Auto rick parking stand at night in every Ward, Trucks-Escavators-Lifters parking in every Ward, Central/state/railway/defense parking inside their respective premises, Parking washing basic repairs together, Full services mechanic available with licenses, Scrapping yard verification authority in same premises, RTO permits & net enablement in same premises.
0 0 1. Designated Parking Slots with electronic meter and electronic payment. Start with congested areas like Nariman Point and then scale up. 2. Any cars outside the slot with driver inside or not, must be fined hugely. Increase the penalty amount to deterrant levels. 3. Offer Incentive to Traffic Police for booking the offenders. 4. To avoid the misuse of authority of Traffic Police, and to settle any dispute,  should collect either photo evidence or Video Evidence with easy to use cameras.
1 0 In Jaipur, the Shopkeepers park their SUVs on the M.I.Road for the whole day.! How can you improve on this behavior unless you make a policy of Public Transport ? Let SUVs ply in Sports Fields only. They only occupy valuable space in the city and intimidate others on the road. Anybody seen driving single in a SUV must be asked to get down and use the bus, OR carry other people in the big car.
1 0 While Talking about Mumbai, what stops us from implimenting all these best practices in the other cities. Let us have a Unified National Policy for Traffic, Rules, License and Parking so that the newer cities that are upcoming, can have the provisions already inbuilt. It is not necessary to reinvent the Zero everytime. We can adopt Traffic systems from other countries free of cost. Afterall Indians deserve the best. Don't we ?  Thanks.
1 0 1-Decipline the parking. 2-There has to be a system and it should be implemented strictly.No business of taking money and allowing by traffic cops. 3-No parking zones should be marked and no parking should be allowed at any cost. 4-Automated machine for pay and park to be installed
1 0 Following are my suggestions:- 1-Decipline the parking. 2-There has to be a system and it should be implemented strictly.No business of taking money and allowing by traffic cops. 3-No parking zones should be marked and no parking should be allowed at any cost. 4-Automated machine for pay and park to be installed. 5-No parking zones should be monitored with CCTV CAMERAS. 6-Now pollice take hafta from road side eateries and allow unauthorise parking which block the roads. Example Mithibai junction
0 0 Empower and Promote Public Transport System. Discourage Private Cars in City. Provide Training to Town Planners on Modern Best Practices. Encourage Community Driving Test Schools before RTO grants a Driving License. Any wrong Driving or Parking must be punished by Fine Plus Vehicle Seizure. Paint Roads to Clearly mark Access for Emergency Vehicles towards Median on both sides of Driveway. Remove obstructions on the Roundabouts and Median. Install STOP Light AT THE STOP LINE before Zebra Xsing
1 0 For parking on local roads,parking is mainly seen near hawkers or shops in market areas. First of all entry on private vehicles in sabzi market and street selling areas should be prohibited, there are already hawkers n sabzi sellers sitting on footpath so no place for people to walk,in that people bring cars and even park at places which disturbs the smooth flow of vehicles and also causes traffic jam,instead not full day but some peak should ban private vehicles in such areas
1 0 we must create transport yards for every 5 sq.km area of mumbai to parks heavy transport vehicles like trucks & buses to clear our roads in the city. presently whole of mumbai roads are converted into bus & truck parking lanes. These parking transport yards must have multi stage auto parking facility & be created with public private funding.
1 0 Private buses carrying outstation passengers should be allotted specific spots for pick up of passengers. Today we find these buses blocking traffic all over the city. Any violation of the rule should be severely punished.  Parking lots should be built under flyovers. All cars should be thoroughly screened as done in 5 star hotels.
0 0 Long term solution is to create/develop new modern/smart cities fast. Lets further develop Nasik, Aurangabad, Solapur, Nanded, Kolhapur, Akola, Amravati etc and bring them to at least the level of Pune if not Mumbai. It will help spread the population and traffic. Relief from parking issues will simply come as a by-product. Create more airports and increase international flights from other cities.
1 0 Need to create space vertically due to space constraint. We need to press in semi portable electro-hydraulic car parking lifts & place these all along bye lanes at all major crowded roads in Mumbai.At ST and all public places elevated motorized multi- parking sapeces be errected. Designs are avaialble. These must be locally produced . Project be funded in phases by public participating.
1 0 Signs like below can be implemented Red means do not stop or park here. Green indicates parking is allowed for a limited time. Check the parking signs to verify the time allowed. Blue means disabled parking only. Disabled drivers must display a placard or have a special license plate to park in these designated areas. White is a passenger loading/unloading zone (or for dropping off mail). Yellow is also a loading/unloading zone  generally for merchandise. For this and a white curb, the driver
1 0 Every building has to provide parking facilities to the visitors. Roads should be clear enough for the commuters Unauthorised parking and loading unloading should be prohibited There should be strong punishment for not obeying the road and parking Sign boards should be clear Need to have education for the public
1 0 Parking Rules to be changed. Instead of parking requirements in new buildings based on carpet area, the rule should be parking requirement "per bed room." For 1BHK Flat parking requirement should be 1. For 2BHK Flat it should be 2. For 3BHK Flat it should be 3 and so on. As a result of this change in rule more parking spaces will be planned inside the Building and would reduce parking on street considerably.
1 0 my previous post for "Driving Safety Education School" like USA can be started with administrative order and to be ready by 15th January as it will be run in Municipal Schools at night time. As we make money, school can be repaired. Hugh employment is created. Penalty increase will be deterrent. Corruption reduce as class NGO will stand with traffic cops and will see that people attend classes. A white wall and projector needed to show road safety educational movies. No educated teacher needed.
1 0 1) On street parking should be banned. 2)For mumbai , multistorage parking  in less space need to make(forklift).  3)   For residential parking , if parking space not available registration should be cancelled.  4) In busy market  area, no motor vehicle allowed . There should be adequate information available in all area where parking is available. Parking can be booked via mobile. Mall should have own parking.5)Every parking should be equipped with automated indigenous  DeiTy 's EPark system.
1 0 identify  area where citizens frequently go and there is parking problem. Create a parking space  such as a  open  space or  compound  near that area where citizens frequently go Within that area create a valet parking facility. advantages :  create employment ,  income ,  comfort to  citizens with cars .
1 0 Most Important : IMPROVE PUBLIC TRANSPORT SYSTEM IF YOU CANNOT DO THE ABOVE THEN READ BELOW Make all road side's (2,3,4 lane roads) as public parking. Charge anything less than Rs.30 per day / hour. As Rs30 / day gets around Rs.900. It would seem less for Upper middle class. But for lower middle class people its an additional burden on the pocket. Make a monthly pass system, use existing BEST / Raily Smart Cards. Evry commercial blding shld hv its own parking facility with low charges
2 0 In any city you can see old vehicles with dust, mostly near to the service centers. City like Mumbai should not give permit for a private vehicle older than 10 yrs and vehicle used as Taxi more than 7yrs.  Improving public transport will encourage people not to buy more vehicles for each person in the family
1 0 Parking area in the city should be categories and people should pay for it unless it is residential Parking 1)	Residential Parking in public place  A permanent parking area in the road near to the vehicle owner (Paid yearly) 2)	Taxi parking  Separate parking for Taxi (Free) 3)	Tourist spots/ Commercial/shopping places  (Pay as you go/30 mins)
0 0 1 No new four 2/3/4 wheelers  be granted licence without proper & adequate and owned parking slots.2 rly stns to follow parking at Ahmedabad rly stn. 3 no private parking  be allowed near schools hospitals except school buses and ambulances 4 no parking  be allowed in narrow streets 5 heavy parking fees to be levied on vehicles parked on open roads particularly in night 6 Multi layer parking slots to be built near shopping malls cinema halls etc
0 1 I suggested same thing on TRAIN TRACKS between station. We donot want automation but manual lift taking car above and parking it will provide employment also. Let everything privatised and only space provided over tracks. This constructions can be without concrete and removable if needed in future. http://www.jiglift.com/  ONLY WILLPOWER OF LEADERS NEEDED EVERYTHING ELSE IS FREE AND AVAILABLE
0 0 We should first analyse the problem that why the problem of parking is arising. The answer is -One individual is coming in one big car to his office, keeps another at home and sometimes a fleet of cars for him. Now regarding solution there can be two approaches; (i) To create more parking facilities( may be multilayer or Underground etc. (ii) To reduce the number of vehicles  by proper policies like: a. One person -one car only b. Efficient & mandatory Public transport c. Use of two wheelers
0 0 Make multilevel parking lots near vacant ground in every locality or street in residential areas this would be a good facility for residents and lot of parking problems will be solved.
0 0 We need Multilayer parking wherever possible Parking under flyovers Concessions (in property tax or other taxes) can be provided to buildings - residential or commercial - who allow parking for non residents. Web based registration of parking place but it should be open only for 15 minutes after the time asked for (eg if booked from 9:30 AM, should be occupied by 9:45 AM else it is open for all). Use RFID tags for charging the person similar to proposed system for toll collection.
0 0 Before talking about parking there has to be a policy on buying Cars... In Japan until one has a proper parking place he cannot purchase a car.... the size of the cars increasing day by day is a huge burden on the roads and the existing infrastructure... loans on cars at concessional rates should be discontinued....surprising car loans in this country are cheaper than the education loans, when we do not have proper infrastructure in place....
0 0 Why dont we get multiple parking facility so that in place of one care we can park 2 cars. Wherever the parking place is available put up multiple parking system. It will solve some problem. Increase public transport so that public will automatically take on public transport instead of private cars. Increasing public transport system is the only way to get rid of parking and traffic problems.
0 0 Under Ground ( Two Way Parking ) is the second alternative way to be proposed after SKY PARKING  to be adopted by  MCGM . Near Railway Station & near congested  Market .
1 0 The space beneath the over-bridges must be used for parking as well..tenders must be called for land where giants like reliance and tata can buy lands and provide rented parking on hourly basis..
1 0 1-1.5 meters of land must be acquired by the govt. on either side of the road..and that must be used for parking..simple and cheap method..
1 0 Where there is will , there is way   - ( Sky is the limit )  Modern Rotary Parking System should be adopted .  Up to 12  cars  ( one above another in the SKY  ) No attendant required .( PARKING  IN SKY    is the SPACE )
1 0 Two more cents: 4. Start using RFID chips in all cars. This RFID chips should be encrypted in such a way that only Govt own software and devices should be able to decipher the details. The info stored in RFID should work for parking system automated payments, car identification and automated time calculation. There should be an option available for people to pay by credit card linked to their RFID chip or Parking corp should send bill to user, just like we receive electricity bill.
1 0 My two cents: 1. Parking defined on road: Have proper lining on road to mention from where the parking starts, what cars space is available, collection boxes on parking so people can simply pay themselves and based on hours 2. Alternate day double side parking system should be removed, wherever applicable. This creates huge ruckus 3. Road dividers should be flexible (not fixed) for all 4+ lane roads. This would help create emergency parking space by changing the flexible road dividers.
0 0 Plan for MLM outside societies and not let any vehicle inside unless required based on approval from authority. Make walking zones, check what all can be made one way, check where all we can have underground parking, eg, below a park. Assign proper place to people to park their vehicles. Create better local transport like metro so that people avoid their vehicles. Make shopping places a traffic free zone and let people walk, provide wheelchairs for old and specially abled people at such places
2 0 Also If Any car Passing by Sealink with Minimum 3 or More Passenger should be Charged 25% of Normal sealink charge. Other Amount government should give Subsidy.  Which can reduce thousands of Car Traffic & Save lots of Petrol which can help our Economy also. Also there is one more option that person should charge Double if Someone using sealink alone in his car.
0 0 We should make New York or Europe style Parking which made it possible to park ur car by Paying COINS in Machine on Hourly,  Half Day & Full Day Basis.
0 0 In Mumbai we can arrange under ground parking system at a place of parks and shops with deal with the shopkeepers and start e-riksha with the place of parking to the shops with the help of this employment will generate and parking problem solve too Thanking you Kapil mangla
0 0 (A) Underground space of all bridges to be used for parking with some fee & area to be covered by fencing with space to be provided to pass from one side to another with vehicle. (B)  Public transport facility to be improved in such a way that it needs chip &  vast  so that  people  need not to use vehicle
0 0 By making the shopkeepers responsible for their parking.
0 0 5. Meanwhile a temporary solution to the parking problem - Establishment of No-Traffic-Signal Express Lanes ONLY for Public Transport Buses to drastically reduce commuting time and promote usage of public transport in Mumbai. -- This would reduce the need for car parking spaces.
0 0 4. As Bharat Joshi said, developing efficient Water-way systems would work wonders for Mumbai, being almost fully surrounded by the sea.
0 0 ONE WAY STREETS are the fastest solution and no money needed. EVEN PEDDAR ROAD CAN BE ONE WAY. From 7am to 3pm one way coming from Mahalaxmi to churchgate and from 3pm to 11pm one way going from Churchgate to Mahalaxmi. IN USA they start reducing lane from 2 pm slowly and at 3pm it turns different direction.Same way ALL ROADS MUST BE ONE WAY AND STRICTLY FOLLOWED. Anyone breaking law has to attend class and pay for class. READ MY ANOTHER UPLOAD. Let there be some descent and going to court.
0 0 CONVERT all tracks near STATIONS TO PARKING GARAGE. THIS GARAGE BUILD BY PRIVATE CO, SELLING ADVERTISEMENT. we can build garage over train track near Churchgate to Grant Road. It must be by steel so we can dismental when needed by Railway. This are low height steel design good for car parking only. whole airport on steel design so parking is not NOT-BUILDABLE.  First assemble one for TRY NEAR factory and then bring here and re-assemble overnight. NO CONCRETE TO USE. ALL PLATES & BOLTS FOR FLOOR.
0 0 CONVERT all tracks near STATIONS TO PARKING GARAGE. THIS GARAGE BUILD BY PRIVATE, SELLING ADVERTISEMENT. we can build garage over train track near Churchgate to Grant Road. It must be by steel so we can dismental when needed by Railway
0 0 ONE WAY STREETS are the fastest solution and no money needed. EVEN PEDDAR ROAD CAN BE ONE WAY. From 7pm to 3pm one way coming from Mahalaxmi to churchgate and from 3pm to 11pm one way going from Churchgate to Mahalaxmi. IN USA they start reducing lane from 2 pm slowly and at 3pm it turns different direction.Same way ALL ROADS MUST BE ONE WAY AND STRICTLY FOLLOWED. Anyone breaking law has to attend class and pay for class. READ MY ANOTHER UPLOAD. Let there be some descent and going to court.
0 0 PLEASE UPDATE ME SO I CAN IMPROVE ALSO. IS MY JPG READABLE AND PRINTABLE. ANY UPDATE IS APPRECIATED
0 0 We are thinking old way. for waterways i suggested barge type boat. we can use them for 6 months when see is favorable. We are thinking about boat but these are barge. NEED VERY SHALLOW WATER. ONLY SMALL DOC AND CONNECTING BUS SERVICE IS ENOUGH. Give tax benefits and subsidy and bank guarantee. Let Private parties run them. Docs where this boats collect passengers can be private. MUST GIVE CONNECTING BUS SERVICES
0 0 A developed country is not a place where the poor have cars. It's where the rich use public transportation. -Gustavo Petro
0 0 Here is another solution for ROAD SAFETY AND PARKING DISCIPLINE. AS AUTOMOBILE IS STATE SUBJECT, PLEASE USE IT.
0 0 PLEASE ALLOW PDF TO UPLOAD. I converted to JPG. Please print and let me know if this is working
0 0 Here are some possible and practical options for a Megacity like Mumbai : 1. Car-Sharing (official service by the Govt with an appropriate App to control your Transport needs/timings) 2. A Subway system (1 or 2 levels of underground metro) 3. Electric Bicycles/Mopeds for (relatively) short distance commuters (need smaller parking spaces) 4. ....(any other ideas anyone ?)
0 0 In my opinion, thinking of new ways for Parking spaces would just be a counteractive measure, rather than solving the whole problem itself. We should, now on, be looking for a sustainable solution in order to save the future costs of reconstruction. We should implement a highly efficient public transport system (rail, bus, tram, bicycle) which should, in turn reduce the need for driving ones private vehicle every time (and hence searching for a parking space), save fuel, space and money.
1 0 Since June 1961 I am staying on the Keluskar Road, Mumbai 400028. In 1961 there ware hardly two cars on the road, now there is bumper to bumper traffic. Though there is parking on one side of the road as per odd or even dates, there is no sign board for the public. New comer does not know this and he car is exposed to towing. One one side the BMC does not give info. and other side harrassing the car owner by towing away his car. Shivaji Park is a public place where people for to relax. Sunder T
0 0 I am sorry that I cannot comment on the draft policy as it is in Marathi.  I suggest amending the policy by considering the parking policies at http://www.rms.nsw.gov.au/business-industry/partners-suppliers/guideline.... Being a traffic engineer with a local government in Australia and being involved with developing parking policies I might be able to assist parking policies for Mumbai, contact aryam@aapt.net.au
0 0 A propose my earlier suggestion; Impose parking fee on long term basis like Toll tax for the constructed parking areas by BMC and Govt or built by Pvt. enterprises. There is no other way than utilising underground and overhead facilities as to be constructed. This is the only practical solution Can be seen after living in Mumbai for long. Even parking area can be built under the slum area.
1 0 Localities such as residential, school, business, tourists etc., if space is not a constraint, then parking can be allowed in a regulated manner to the extent possible. Where space is constraint, sky-scrapper parking is the only answer. In USA, big hospitals accommodate all vehicles coming to them in a single big elevated sky-scrapper. This can be a uniform policy through out big Indian cities. Presently traffic is affected very much in all cities due to haphazad parking in streets.
0 0 It would be realized the city was laid out with no provision for future development.This is so for all cities and townships.Only solution remains:1) Build underground parking place like Australia or European cities, below the Parks and BUS Stations, Railway stations.Below high rise buildings.play grounds 2) Platforms of two to three storey overhead parking to be made also in market & free places.3)All builders must provide underground parking below building compulsorily.4)Proper plannin 2 b done
0 0 Please try installing cameras in front of ambulances so that u can fine people who try to avoid freeflow of ambulances on road and leading to even death .Send them notices fining heavily so that they start giving space to the ambulances on road and rather not take it as chance to move their cars alongwith ambulance in haeavy trafic , Please this has lead to death of my friends uncle
1 0 watch
0 0 Increased parking spaces -> Increased traffic -> More pollution. To retain the beauty of Mumbai, I would suggest that increasing the public transportation and creating awareness among people to use the public transport should indirectly solve the issue public parking spaces. More people on public transport -> Less cars on the road -> Sufficient Parking spots. Improve the condition and availability of public transport. Thank you.
0 0 Go through details of  Nagoya city underground shopping area,  transportation,  parking area.  Details are available on Internet.  I have personally visited & it is excellent.
3 1 Real time parking App showing potential parking spaces. Marking of No Parking Zones, not just small areas. Egs., around CST station. Demarcated no car zones served with multi seater electric satellite cars. Large parking bays just before such no car zones. Paid parking at electronic car lifts by the side of roads. Free parking for half hour (will make people leave with their car in half hour). Boldly marked parking areas. Directions to nearest parking area at ATMs, signals, commercial spaces.
0 0 Each State Govt should have their own Parking Database-Record of how many on-street or off-street parking spaces exist. An inventory of spaces enables Municipalities to accurately review parking supplies in order to meet current & future demands, along with this We need to plan for Advanced Parking Management Systems which gives us Real Time Parking information to increase the efficiency & turnover of parking spots by using Technology. Along with ths enforcement of strict Parking laws. Jai Hind
0 0 Multilevel storey paid parking in all cities including Mumbai should be constructed.No parking on roads .Indians follow all rules of parking while abroad. Should be enforced at home too.All malls and shopping centres should have underground parking. Metrorails should run close to malls and shopping centres.It will encourage public transport.
0 0 Solar operated parking metres, each mumbaikar having car or bike, open account in saving account jan dhan yojna take the debit card and pay on solar operated parking meter. This is success in USA, it should be success here also. I mean simple, find the purpose and means will follow. I feel this works 100%
0 0 ...freelancers fining parked cars and bikes would be a great way to potentially not only clear the streets but also raise significant funds? Thank you Prime Minister Modi and to your cabinet for all that you do.
0 0 ...spur tax revenues from parking fines if the rules and signs are clear. We could just have a bunch of guys patrolling the streets all day long with an electronic parking meter that prints tickets and takes photos for evidence etc? Additionally, use surveillance cameras to fine those running traffic lights, making illegal turns etc? Perhaps this would be a lot at once but given the volume of private cars around the city, I think cameras, and an army of civilian or state employees or.....
0 0 that the PDP will logical allow the BJP to help it form the Gov't and illustrate its effectiveness for the benefits of all Indians (Muslims and not) living in J&K. Thank you very much Prime Minister Modi for all that you do. On Mumbai Parking.....with our abundant sources of labor, enforcing parking tickets as a means to potentially reduce traffic and increase investments in private parking spaces, at first thought sounds very appealing to spur new investment in infrastructure and to...
0 0 Good evening; first off....Congratulations to Prime Minister Modi and his party for an awesome Win in Jharkhand. I also hope that the PDP will understand that the majority of Jammu's voters wanted the BJP to rule and in that spirit will take a priority with BJP to form the J&K State Gov't. I also think that this will bring more balance to the newly heightened religious conversion tensions that have perhaps superficially or earnestly sprung up at a time requiring key legislation passing. I hope..
1 1 the city of pune has well marked places accross the city where vehicles can be parked.  this should be implemented in mumbai.  more parking lots should be built and the same should be mapped electronically so that the availability of the parking space can be seen on a single app on mobile. however the best thing that can be done for mumbai is to improve the public transport (north south metro is urgent / improved subarban network etc) so that the need to move in cars is reduced
0 0 Using balloons. Inflated balloon tied with the strong string will be  attached on the parking space. When that particular parking space is occupied by the car, then the balloon will touch ground (dont b visible from distance). However when the parking space is free, the balloon will fly in the sky, indicating to the drivers (who are looking for parking) from far area about the free parking space available .
0 0 'Dear Sir, recent issue of religious changes programme looks like 20 years old INDIA, we expect something more from Hon. Prime Minister. New INDIAN youth wants to stop all this nonsense and we want "GROWTH, PIECE, LOVE, SECURITY, EDUCATION AND CLEAN INDIA ". Required strong action and strict steps against all culprits.
1 0 Basic parking problem is due to the way the permission for mall and big complexes are given. Big mall and complexes are given permission to start at city center which brings traffic from suberb to the center which creates traffic jam on the road as well as shortage parking places  Mall and office space should only be allowed side of ring roads. Another bad design is allowing road side shops. No shop should face the main road. Reduction tractors, auto, cows and buffalos on city roads
0 0 It is a high time that like the Indian railways and Urban Development Ministry, The IB and Finance Ministries also start their Local Circles to get a feedback from the citizens of the country. But first, make this website user friendly for the people to post their suggestions at a proper location, which currently is impossible.
0 0 India can only become swacch and sundar when the roads on every nook and corner is pothole free, more trees should be planted, their should be hawking zones, traffic management should improve, there should be hefty fines on people found spitting paan on the road or public property. Give some dignity and respect to police force by improving their standard of living and most importantly implement stress free working conditions for police force and other security forces.
0 0 I had voted for Modi because I felt finally here is a man who can take the country towards becoming a developed country. Although he is doing that but the religious groups are going overboard with their own agenda which does not benefit anyone. How can converting someone of their religion help in nations development. I am a hindu and I respect and have great regard for other religions but these things hampers the countries growth as we are seeing in parliament which is very sad.
0 0 IF ANY OF THE GOVT PERSONAL CAN HEAR ME..KINDLY APPROACH ME. THIS IS A NOBLE CAUSE FOR ME FOR MY COUNTRY. MODI IS MY PM AND I WANT TO ACHIEVE OUR GOAL OF CLEAN INDIA...JAIHIND
0 0 Reduce government public holidays to three a year, Independence Day, Republic Day and Gandhi Jayanti.  Give all government staff 10 additional holidays they could take based on their religious preference.  This should avoid the clamour like the one generated for celebrating Christmas this year.
0 0 I WANT TO BE A PART OF CLEAN INDIA PROGRAM WITH THE GOVT. AGENCIES. I CAN MAKE OUR CITIES CLEAN AS I HAVE NUMEROUS IDEAS FOR THIS. I WANT A CHANCE TO WORK WITH YOU. IT IS RIGHT THAT UNLESS THE PEOPLE ARE INVOLVED WE CAN NOT BRING A MAJOR CHANGE BUT OUR PEOPLE WILL BE ACTIVE ONCE THEY WILLBE PROVIDED A DIRECTION. IF WE TAKE CERTAIN STRICT MEASURES WE CAN INCLUDE THE PEOPLE AS WELL. EVEN AFTER THE BEGINNING OF THE SWATCH BHARAT ABHIYAN I DONT SEE A BIG CHANGE.
0 0 Absence of rail connectivity remains a major hurdle in industrial growth of MADHYA PRADESH. Indore-Dahod and Indore-Dhar-Chhota Udepur rail projects are running way behind schedule. Please take this issue up.  The slow pace of rail projects will also have an impact on the future projects. The materialisation of a multimodal logistic hub at Pithampur as part of Pithampur-Dhar-Mhow investment node under DMIC (Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor) project will depend to a large extent on the Indian Rai
0 0 http://www.questionpro.com/a/PollPreview?pollID=4084398            Should Bhagavad Gita be the national book?
0 0 Tribal caste Bagariya in Rajasthan is almost Homeless. Government should Plan to colonize this tribal caste. How long these people live homeless in forest.
0 0 No vehicle registration anymore.Family Planning for motors.
0 0 Modern solution to any problem is availability of useful information at right time. One of the solution is smart utilisation of existing parking space. A mobile apps showing availability of unoccupied parking space and its location and price will be useful to user. Appropriate sensors can be used for this.This apps can be easily linked with any navigation apps.This will also help user to plan travel time resulting in optimum installation of infrastructure by authorities.
0 0 Increasing Rural Households Income: seed, cattle, knowledge exchange promotion through milk marketing federations. Packeged food companies should also start using their existing channel for promoting production of cash crops.
0 1 I have made an App for pm website mailed information to admin of mygov and messaged info to pm interact with honorable pm but no reply not even click on that link waiting for response. Or please notify me where should i mail or message all information regarding the app
1 0 This Group is supposed to be for Parking! Parking Rates for different areas has to be different based on the demand & availability of Parking Places. To discourage Parking on roadsides, rates should be much higher than on multi-level sites. In congested areas,Rs.50 per hr for roadsides & Rs. 20 per hour on multi-level sites is suggested. It could be Rs.30 per hour & Rs.15 per hour for less congested sites. Step will discourage personal cars & give incentive for multi-level sites.
0 1 SEBI  should be more powered with knowledgeable people and heavy fines should be levied on manipulating corporates
0 0 small is big   but all the bank moeny is going to corporate and willful defaulters
0 0 they should come with more equities and raise funds in share market rather depleting banks money
0 0 corporates should get finance from overseas bank afterall the interest rate is lower
0 0 industries connected with agriculture shooed be identified with lower interest rates  our banks are fully exploited by corporates  banking reform is a must
0 0 simple policies and education of farmers and motivation is a must.  agriculture is a major source of employment never allow corporate enter this field once agriculture becomes lucarative migration to cities will come down and there will be a balance overall improvement of the country
0 0 Declaration of International Yoga Day : It is India's duty to world to put forward the real form of Yoga. It is specifically narrated in Bhagawat Geeta. Breathing and other body exercises should be given only  2/8 th portion of total topic.
0 0 organic farming should be given more incentives and agricultural produce is yeilding more profit to middle man and traders  government retail out lets with storage facilities will help the farmers
0 0 agricultural banks are to set up separately and normal banks should not be involved  agricultural banks controlled by officer who has got knowledge on agriculture and animals husbandry will yield bet results, .
0 0 all agricultural loans can not be highter than 4%  since international lemnding rate is only 3.5 %
0 0 waiver of loans is a criminal offense  rather insurance and incentives are the correct step
0 0 to start with for agriculture incentives for cultivation should be given and entire crops of the nation should be insured by the government no other subsidies  fertilizer allow free import of machinery used for agriculture
0 0 another way of cuttting expenditures is stop all subsidies in total  all these are only populist methods and does not yield results and most of them are misused by scruples people
0 0 clear policy guidelines for spending the money shoud be given to state governments
0 0 hoping theat honest chief ministers will come to different states allocated funds to state government should be audited by a separate cag committee
0 0 implementation cost of schemes is very high and duplicity is presence between the centre and state
0 0 Dissolve all NGOs working in India with foreign fundings the problem of country will automatically resolve.
0 0 I mean no private vehicle should be allowed in city areas during a definite duration set by government with local bodies.
1 0 Make parking in outskirts of Mumbai and arrange conveyance to different areas free of cost to those who are paying parking charges at those venues.
0 0 Solution for indian railway ticket booking problem and how to increase Indian railway profits: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lLkACQPraU
1 0 we can built two floors parking slabs like flyovers for parking in dense area in Mumbai and parking slabs over roads. we can widen roads by removing hawkers occupying illegally footpath.
0 0 pm narendra modi ji today is police condition very bedly in balotra dysp rajendra prasad is bed language in population no equal plze condition in no satishfied his popular
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, THE PROPOSED PARKING POLICY FOR THE CITY OF MUMBAI SHOULD BE ACCORDING TO PREVAILING TRAFFIC PROBLEMS AND SURROUNDING AREAS.
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, COMPETITIVE EXAMINATIONS SHOULD BE ARRANGED KEEPING IN VIEW OF WEATHER CONDITION IN DIFFERENT SEASONS.
0 0 If competitive exam dates are kept considering weather condition like fog during  dec  jan months or during extreme heat in june month or during festive season it will be helpful for exam takers and  load on public transport will be distributed.
0 0 Please put some dustbin inside the railway train because there is no any dustbin so people throwing garbage outsides and it makes pollution as well as increasing epidemic. So please take steps for this.
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, We can use digital technology for combating terrorism.Please order the agencies to create small size and intelligent devices which can fly in the air and can search for terrorists hiding in houses and the Central Operating Team can order for poisoning the terrorist using needle fire attack. This system can be very effective in Kashmir where direct combat with terrorist is very frequent and thus we can save our soldiers life. Regards Kamal Gupta
0 0 Please create the group on effective ways for combating terrorist.
0 0 Areas under bridge , flyover should be utitlized for parking
0 0 Identify the parking places and then using mobile app allow user to find the empty space. if the user needs to park on that space, block the space and reach the spot within spilutated time. Parking charges will be automatically deducted from bank account. this requires parking area to be marked specifically and any illegal parking vehical should be heavly fined. Such kind of system is available in one of the cities for USA.
0 0 What India goes on plzz change..
2 0 Regarding jan aushadhi store, Plz involve media for advertising. One more thing plz convey the msg to all government hospital regarding use of generic medicines. Generic medicine store is the only way to keep rural India healthy. Thank you
1 0 multi-storey buildings for parking must be made all around India taking a minimum of 10 Rs
1 0 Following the previous post, also hire stilt parking companies to offer free 6 elevator parking in major suburbs in return of some kind of subsidy. Place these at the most prominent traffic prone areas. These will give you 18 parking spaces in the space for 3 cars.
0 0 If you go to the operational roots, you will observe a big scam. People collect money in the name of MCGM for parking, however cars still get towed away. At first, you need to do away with the MCGM parking spaces. All parking spaces in Mumbai need to be offered for free. Hire a bunch a professionally trained drivers who will be situated at the most traffic prone zones who will valley the cars to parking, this will be a chargeable service to the car owners.
0 0 every block/sector should have the multilevel parking facility with well equipped safety/security facility. thus we can control the various types of problem witch occurred due to parking problem. and it may create some employment to also.
1 0 There should be some sort of local groups of senior citizens who are being paid pensions, to keep a check on all the activities taking place in their areas. They should be allowed to report directly to different govt agencies about the same. This can contrbute to nation and pansionners can be utilised for building nation.
1 0 I think NGOs running schools and hospitals for last 20 years or more should now come under govt supervision as their motive is not to serve India rather they are making money and lobbying to encourage corruption. They are becoming stronger by and by in terms of capital and political. They are humiliating by paying below par and using our human resources for their own interest. I feel now this the time when government must check them and regulate them.
0 0 Solution for indian railway ticket booking problem and how to increase Indian railway profits: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lLkACQPraU
0 0 any body know about UID or addhar card. Is it illegally applied in public domain. as per my information its execution is against Suprim court order.
0 0 Parking is a problem when the no. of vehicles grow and no. of vehicles grow due to poor public transport. While addressing the parking issue the  public transport should be reviewed and revisited. All the parkings must be paid ones, and secured with the CC TV cameras , properly planned maintained and clean. No vehicle without authentic PUC certificate should be allowed and the driver should carry the license. No driver without license, PUC and helmet ( if compulsary) should be allwed to park.
0 0 Inspiring Society and Youth: Society is collection of informal groups. Its smallest unit is family. At social platforms best family practices, their social contribution,  should be projected. Our children must be given hands on experience of jobs available to them according to a list given by experienced councilors on the basis of  examination of their temperament, intellect, truthfulness and sence of eqality. Practice of viewing everyone equal and practice of Indriya DAMAN should be promoted.
0 0 1.Build high rise building like 8-9 floor only for parking.2 Widening the road and allow to park the vehicles at both side of road(In One way road).3 In society ample parking space should be there so that at least all flat members can park at least 2 bike and it should be free of cost.(Make law for this).4 If school or college want to give their ground for parking in weekend and can collect parking charge.In this way school can generate extra    income.
0 0 I want to appeal to the government that please bann the porn sites in india.. as it is harming our new generation as well as it gives  enhanement to the crime rates against women in India. And if u pass a bill against these porn sites, there will be no one in against this bill.
0 0 Please create a group for "Students"
0 0 many old buildings in mumbai are being redeveloped. do not consider the flloors which builder keeps for parking for the members staying in the building.Also extra fsi should be given to building which will allow parking for non members .say 2 flloors of parking available for non members.Also near railway stations , govt should invite pvt sector & set up huge parking lots in building and extra railway station land should be given by raileways.fsi of 7 and above should be granted for such projects
0 0 WE HAVE DESINING RAILWAY TOILET FOR COACH MINIMUM COST INSTALL PRESENT RAILWAY COACHES & CLEAN ALL RAILWAY STATION THIS PROJECT IS MY TEAM EXPIRECE IS MOST WORKING CAPBILTY
0 0 goods transportation  is a highly profit yielding  source much neglected
0 0 defence now with manohar parikar  wonderful choice.  major corruption riddled department is taken care
0 0 corruption is a major issue in this department.  so much funds lay in this separate budget department  this department needs a technically qualified  and very very honest man as minister
0 0 no doubt railways have improved very much  but i always wonder why such a mass transportation is not running profitably
0 0 thousands of uneducated indians are self employed and feed their family
0 0 i salute indian railways for providing opportunities for several men and women who sell lot things in the trin to make for their lively good
0 0 joined railways group  largest network of trains lot of good and bad together i always admire railways i have traveled lot in trains entire india and made lot of discoveries by observing and chatting with several people belonged to different states and speaking different languages
0 0 WE HAVE DESINING NEW RAILWAY LOGO FOR SPARKALAR INDIAN RAILWAY
1 0 A couple sitting in a park thrashed and slapped by so called Shiv sena activists : may i ask Mr Thakre...who has given him or his deciples the contract to do all this moral policing ? India is a vast country full of diversity. Here even Sita maata had a Swayamber...means she even had the right to choose her groom. Then why todays woman cant choose her man ? Why cant she go out with him ? Why cant she sit and pass some moments  with him..to know him and understand  him before she is married  to
0 0 ban pvt vehicles in many areas/roads. discourage pvt vehicles ,thats only way to decongest,dont allowe further growth with in,let it spread,big pvt vehicles should be charged  more for parking.
0 0 Govt should go back to court , inform and implement NEET from next academic yr.take all precautions with out loop holes , so that some body  will go to court at last minute ,get stay.( usually whole thing is played for gallery, what ever govt does  ,will have some loop hole for some body to exploit)
0 0 Spice jet  should not be bailed out, that is not govt job. Running air line for some else business should not be govt concern.it does not create much job/ not essential service.
1 0 Most of the traffic in mumbai come from nrarby district like thane, navi mumbai.if we provide them good water transport direct to mumbai city so the number of vehicle coming to mumbai can be reduced, because water transport is so convinient and time saving.by this way they will not bring their vehicle on mumbai road and we should provide them good local transport like best busus, taxi , mono rail, sky bus so they can easily move one place to another
1 0 Every train must have charging circuit in every compartment of all coaches. Please take it seriously railway ministry. You are going to develop the train so keep it in mind bcoz this is need of people.
0 0 I think govt must take action information regarding those people of Saudi
0 0 I have just returned from a wonderful prilgimage of temples in Myiladuturai,Kumbakonam, Valuvur,Karuvakarai and Pumpugar in Tanjore Dist of TN. All temples are over 1000 years and beautiful. They are all ill maintained, mismanaged, animals running inside, very dirty. If cleaned and maintained properly  will attract tourists by the 100s and we will have pride and satisfaction.Give a lot of emplayment.
0 0 Gov. should start the manufacturing of electronic items so that the effect of chin on the Indian economy diminish, the common people want to do that but having not a initial capital or knowledge he can't do so. if Gov. start this program with a good spirit give result as employment creation, economical growth and capital saving etc
0 0 sir,  saudi mei ek indian ki maut hi gyi ha and or baaki indians ek company ne ek room mei band kar diya ha,, kindly contact them by embassy asap. their details are :: 4 MAHINE PAHLE HUI MAUT PAR BODY ABHI TAK NAHI BHEJA COMPANY NE !!! 22-22 INDIANS BADAR H AL HUSSAINI & SONS, JUBAIL MEN PHANSE!!! Contact - Hafiz Faiz Ali- 0537289227 Premnath Choudhary- +966509414013 https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=747943051953214
1 0 Request you to consider taking the services of Ecofrost Technologies specializing in building solar based cold storage solutions. This organization started by young IIT graduates and have come out with this innovative product which will go a long way to protect our agricultural produce thereby improving farmers life style and overall economic growth. Hope this suggestion is taken in right earnest and eager to see your government taking rapid action on this.
1 0 If every indian plants 1 tree (118 crore trees )which means every second 15,000 kg CO2 can be cleared
0 0 In the mining sector to address the concerns of villagers and forest dwellers who part their land for mining activities should be endowed with a system of Direct Delivery of Mining Royalties to Jan Dhan Bank accounts.
0 0 Respected Sir, suggestion : BJP brought 58 to 60 yrs,run without problem by even congress till now.  In fact, again BJP should extend to 62, to follow the formula adopted by earlier BJP for utilizing the maturity, experienced of officials/personnel of Central Government including the financial benefits. Private firms are paying huge salary for such experienced people who will act efficiently, hence such mishap should not be created by reducing age limit to 58,  those may go against u.  analyze.
1 0 At present black money is growing by mean of commission in all government construction works and all purchasing by all departments and PSUs (CENTRAL AND STATE)  if All transactions of the Government sector as well as All companies and Governments Contractors will be mandatory. then terrorist activities and  corruption can be eradicated upto 80percenatege for it no Act be inacted only executive order is adequate. by that saving       
0 0 Sir  to create attention towards law for the service   provider  sector interior designing carpenters fashion designing house decorative  items ,  they take 50 % payment  avd  and not give satisfactory  quality  service .  Delaying is their right some times they completely distroy things and with some payment they live their work.in every area there should   be a office to complain against them.n immidiate action . Shop ke pass unka  review  Honaker chahiye . 1 or 2 days shop close
1 0 Mumbai is densely populated and paring is big problem. This can be solved by making parking towers in which the vehicles can be parked floor by floor.
1 0 To make Indian education system competitive we must do the following. Career oriented studies should be undertaken from class 1.  Parents should be allowed to choose a profession for their child as soon as the child goes to school.  From then and there he should start training for his profession along with personality development subjects. This will then pose a competition to the western form of education where child chooses profession at age of 21.
0 0 Hindus have always been subjected to subjugation by force.  To make Hindus strong there should be a compulsory military for 2 years for every Indian aged between 18-20 years of age.  Singapore does this.  This will create a spirit of nationalism and create discipline and hard work culture among Hindus.  This will go a long way in making Hindus strong.
0 0 Divergent viewpoints prevail about whether India should have one or two time-zones. Having worked in the North East (N.E.) for 2 years, I can say with conviction that advancing time by 60-90 minutes in N.E. would be beneficial. As the sun rises earlier than the geographical tracts in the western parts, it leads to, in some measure, wastage of light hours. Contrarily, by advancing time, not only energy will be saved but more productivity would result.
0 0 Sir. I want say same  thing about the working of Doordarshan Maintenance center & Low power TV  Transmitter at different places at our country.Nobody is vewing TV in terrestrial made , hence the employees posted at the above places are not attending the office .Hence in my opinion the DMC & LPT Should be closed to save the money and manpower. And same money may be utlised to distribute free DTH set to the people in the coverage area of LPT.
0 0 Medical  colleges should be spread out. So that there can be some benefit for the poor patients , however corrupt they are.here there are permissions for colleges in line on single road , within six kilometer  three medical colleges. Whome to blame .you are in power. Then how can we put blame on others. Please . dont let this happen . still there is time to rectify  it.dont give any permission to new colleges with out proper diligence.
0 0 The way medical colleges are run , its as corrupt as the society at present. That should explain.
0 0 On 19th  december there was a article in times of india about black money generating and going out of country , was of 2010 estimated of 10000cr. Medical education has become a safe buisiness without risk,garanted customer, no accountability on product in co operation with corrupt MCI and politics. All th at my request is we wanted this govt with HOPE , merit to prevail, particularly in higher education,it should not be a buisiness, in the name of pvt-public participation. With exception of few
0 0 The new parking policy, which sharply increases charges at pay-and-park lots in busier areas of the city, was approved by the Improvements Committee of the civic body on Thursday. Currently, motorists pay a uniform charge of Rs15 per hour at the parking lots across the city. But this will change with the introduction of the new policy in November 2014. The policy categorizes parking facilities into three parts: Category A covers areas like Colaba, Fort and Nariman Point, where the parking c
0 0 What I think being a doctor all advertisement related to medical conditions like disprin, vicks action 500, crocin should be banned as inspite of benefiting the patient they cause more harm and increase the severity of disease as temporarily subsiding symptoms and side effects of irrational drug use like renal faliure ,bleeding ,anaphylaxis which ultimately poses more burden on patient and ultimately on nation .
0 0 Mumbai has grown in leaps and bound with 70% slums which is adhoc development so first step can be developing apartments and reduce slums by shifting them into these apartment with no politics involved otherwise it will be loot khasot to benefit near and dear of politicians hence no system work due to this issue.
0 0 Mumbai is not a planned developed city so resolving parking problem is very complex. So more public transportation and less private vehicle will help.
0 0 CCTVs should be fitted everywhere on roads & photographs of the persons who park their vehicles illegally should be clicked & should be directly sent to the Transport Commissioner
0 0 Govt. should levy a huge fine for illegal parking so that everybody avoids it
0 0 1) Study how developed cities around world tackle this parking issue and try to replicate in Mumbai and other Indian cities... 2) Make all vehicles annual renewal compulsory... 3) Issue tickets for wrong parking to those vehicles and recover them when they come for renewal, if they don't pay don't renew... 4) Encourage private players to build parking building...5) Repeated parking offenders fine should be penalized more as per their records during renewal
0 0 CHARGE POLICY SHOULD BE ADOPTED
0 0 Charge huge parking fees to discourage people from public parking Encourage the the use of public transport Charge huge penalty for wrong parking
1 0 City buses to be increased and two-wheelers and four wheelers to be restricted during job timings.
0 0 Each household should restrict in possessing a single 4- wheeler.Tax should be levied on people having more than one two-wheeler or one four wheeler.
0 0 Policy should be stringent and reviewed quarterly by a committee for viable solutions.
0 0 roads can be widened for parking and spaces be earmarked for parking
0 0 There can be parking apartments made and fees be charged for parking,
0 0 ONE HOME ONE CAR PARKING AT ONE SITE EVERY YEAR ALL VEHICLES MUST GET CHECKED PARKING MUST BE AWAY FROM RESDIENT AREAS ALL MUST PARK AND WALK THE DISTANCE OF 1-2 KMS INCREASE THE PARKING  RATES FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINES TO BE PLACED
2 2 Pak School Attacked by Militants : Hopes of 132 mothers with the bodies of their children had been ingraved . Mother Earth is finding it difficult to bear the pain of the innocents. She is calling upon God and all her children to come forward and do their bit to stop this nonsense. ' SUN RAHA HAI TU.... RO RAHI HU MAI'  with tear full eyes.....
0 0 Parking on roads should be either heavily charged or banned...mumbai does not have enough roads for private vehicles...office and resintial complexes should be allowed to build multilevel basement parking to free public roads...a typical car runs for only one hour in the day...rest of the time it is parked on public roads...this must stop...new vehicle registrations must be allowed only if they have private parking and old vehicles over 15 years must be phased out
0 0 LOGO DESIGN INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND AUTHORITY
0 0 sir, TIMING HOUR CHANGE  karne se kafi change hoga jaise SHARE MARKET PAHLE 9:55 ko suru hota tha abhi 9:00 ko suru hota hai usse traffic aur parking me maine dekha hain uska change . aasi hi IT AUR DUSARI INDUSTRIE KA TIMING CHANGE   karne se parking aur traffic ka mamala dhire dhire hal hoga
0 0 sir,public transport me ho sake utni acche se acchi service deni chahie (jaise keWIFI FACILITIES,TEA COFFE COLD DREINK FACILITES ,EASY AND RELAXE TRANSPORTION ,LADIES KE LIYE SAFE AND SECURE FACIITIES ,AUR (AHMEDABAD ME BRTS JIS TARAH SE SERVICE DE RAHI HE ASI QUICK SERVICE DENE ) SE PUBLIC uska jyada ismaal karegi aur parking aur traffic ka mamla dhire dhire hal hoga .
0 0 PARKING POLICY FOR MUMBAI 1. To start facility to park vehicle on building terrace if required use crane 2. Start onether underground metro rail 3. Use "Drone" like plane to cover photo graph of traffic situation and give alert to all social media 4. Use maximum net and avoid outing (i.e. pay your utility bill online do not go to pay directly
0 0 Sir, Is it possible that while buying a Bicycle from market there is compulsory of two helmets with bikes with purchasing cost of vehicle, if cost of vehicle increase it is acceptable. so please make it compulsory to all Distributors/Manufacturers that,  har bike ke sath two helmets hone chahiye. so helmet bike ke sath milenge to log pahnege hi. so please think about it, will help to reduce accidental calamities and will regulate the law in every city.
0 0 Sir i think  for parking purpose for citys use step by step parking is a solution in small site we construct 10 to15 store for parking is a solution
