33 0 In India every year many patients are die because of long waiting list of the organs, very complex and time consuming ethical procedures, not proper knowledge regarding Organ Donation, too much cost, many myths and misconceptions amongst the people so no one comes forward voluntarily for this noble cause. So suggest that please make some efforts on this topic. In India many days are celebrated so we can also celebrate this day and educate people by spreading this message. 
16 5 Respected Narendra Modi Sir, My self Juhi Shah (Liver donor to my father)from Vadodara-Gujarat. I want to give one noble suggestion to you and your team. In India many patients are suffering from chronic and incurable diseases - Only "Organ Transplantation" is the hope for these kind of patients. So I wish that to educate and create awareness regarding Cadaver/Living organ donation to people so that we can save our loved once and give them gift of new life by doing this our little love. 
8 1 please raise the issue of pollution ,deepawali ,health and our earth ,how each of us  should  dedicate this depawali for our brave soldiers . 
6 1 Dear Sir, Waste to energy. Please read my attachment. I need you to sanction 20 cr for trial plant. I promise you we will earn the same from export within 5 years along with around 10% p.a. interest. 
1 0 Shri Narendrabhai, Diwali has lost its charm due to many cultural invasions. A festival where Hindu Calendar year ends. Many formalities were attached with these days as it was year ending for markets and New year for all. March ending system brought chopda pujan to a mockery and tight school vacation holidays forced many parents to fly away from families for leisure trips rather than being with the family members and relatives to really celebrate the festival. some strategic approach can mak 
0 0 Hi sir .. Very grateful to you for taking the responsibility to serve the nation.. Sir please highlight on the health issues like TB malaria diabetes which are major health epidemics in India and every year lakhs of people dying because of these diseases.. Your words penetrate very deep into remote villages.. Jus few important preventive aspects of these diseases.. 
1 0 Dear sirs Now sandesh tp solider is Huge Response Thanks For Such Initiative Also Start Movement For Five Deep For Nation which will Help to Make in India As for Employment Generation Which will Boost Rural Economy if every family light of five diya for Development Jandhan Beti Bacave Beti Padav Cleanness & Namani Gange Will Help to boost peopls Faith so request please tell in Man Ki baat use of Mitti ka Diya 5 No by Each Family  to build Nation jayhind Vande Mataram 
1 1 Dear modi ji, This is manikandan from Chennai. In india, many people are struggling FOR WATER OR BY WATER.... example uthrakanth struggling by water... At the same time tamilnadu farmers are struggling for water... The solution is to connect all the rivers in india.... So that every india will get water..... Hope you will do this.... Thankyou. Mani 
4 0 se eatable plates cups for lunch dinner as well for tea coffee Liquid or semi liquid food can be serve and after that eat cup cone or plate will automatically reduce garbage again it will keep place clean also reduce water consumption require for cleanness of plates dishes cups you can serve anything from tea to lunch from dhokla to idly phapda to roti means 50% wastage will reduce Benefit-1. Reduce water consumption 2.Increase cleanness 3. Increase Employment 4.Increases skill 5. New technology 
12 0 Honourable prime minister I have a idea regarding funding for Indian army ,sir if u a create account for India army and invite everyone to give how much amount they possibly can ,atleast rs10-100 from atleast 10 crore out of 120+ crore population can lead to 100 crore average for every month within year India army people will have best safety equipments than most other country people.in whatsapp some fault messages r comin give some money for India army,so it will be better that u initiate sir 
0 0 One view on cleanness as in railway bus restaurant hotel and marriage use eatable plates cups for lunch dinner as well for tea coffee which will reduce garbage in large quantity as well involve food technologist to invent the plates cups glass from food grains to help to increase employment make in India and cleanness drive at glance will help to reduce garbage drastically will help to reduce diseases and man power for cleanses it can be in form of capsule cone and caps 
0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister shri Modi Ji... We expect a lot for this country from you . I'm highly interested in implementing Beti Bchao Beti Pdao scheme... But it will reach to peak if you will adopt one girlchild from a distressed background ..give shelter at the place of your choice .care the way  you should have given to your own daughter. There after a heart touching lesson to the world.... I always and always eager to see this happening in your hands I want to meet u but.. 
0 0 चाँद *की* चाँदनी, *बसंत* की *बहार,* फूलो *की* खुशबू, *अपनों* का *प्यार,* मुबारक *हो* आपको *Diwali और  chhatका त्यौहार,* सदा *खुश* रहे *आप* और *आपका* परिवार ।। 
0 0 Mr Prime Minister please don't decrease the soldiers disability pension scheme instead of decreasing the amount increase the amount it's a request we are alive because of this soldiers 
0 0 Don't talk about surgical strike instead talk about deepawali and chhat puja and talk as to when will the soldiers will get bullet proof jacket and other equipment which will protect them from bullet and when will you teach proper lessons to hurriat leaders who are not allowing jammu and kashmir to develop and sending wrong messages and misguiding the youngsters of jammu and kashmir. How will you deal with Pakistan for final time 
0 0 Respected Modi Sir,I feel that today we need smart villages if we want to improve lifestyle of 70 percent people.I feel that some of gov industries or private industries should be mobilised or erected in rural areas.also technical edu institutions should be made in rural areas to improve employment rates. 
0 0 I want to suggest my Hon'ble Prime Minister to start Pension to all Government Employees as it was previously 
0 0 Happy diwali modi sir me ap se ek request krna chah RHA hu ki hamre des m yuva log govt.nokari ke  Competition ki or jyada ja rhe h jusse vha competition jyada bad gya h aj bheed jyada ho gyi h to ap unhe private field m b job tlasne ki ray de jisse hmare des ka vikas ho aj yuva log 20-30 ki age to job lagne ya job ke liye tyari me nikal deta h fir us pr  apne family ka boj aa jata h so vo banda khuçh alg se ni kr pata please ager ap kahenge ki private m b job bahut h to kuch to fark padega 
0 0 Dear PM sir, you and your team is really an inspiration for all of us. Please give some ways of implementing waste management system in city. Specially now a days youth wants to apply in their respective areas but not able to do because of lakh of awareness. 
1 0 I have a suggestion towards my Prime Minister and other concerned authorities. This suggestion is regarding our Republic Day. At the first look, it may seem to be a bit absurd and a change to big to be introduced, but I am sure a little introspection will reveal the true power of this suggestion. Please see the attachment for the full suggestion. 
1 0 Dear PM, of all the initiatives that you and your team has taken, I appreciate the initiative of making all public transport and facilities handicap friendly. Great thought, but I don't see any great movement in that direction. While I understand and also acknowledge that it is difficult as our country is wide, but it can be made as csr activity for giant corporates, so that the thought can be materialised faster. Once again sirji it's a great thought. Let's join hands to make thier lives easier 
0 0 Something need to be changed in our Education system, nowadays all universities are focusing on how to get more marks or how to topped in exam rather than practical experience,so there are so much to discuss. 
0 0 Our Khadi bhandar in Mumbai Churchgate is quite big but the products available are slightly boring and monotonous in nature. Can we make use of space properly and have counters of each state Khadi products available under one roof year round. It would be nice to have products available under one roof. Ever since you started promoting khadi more and more people are showing interest. This will help generate higher revenues too. Also if you could send personal letters to all designers to use khadi 
2 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji Failure to Cleanliness, One of the reason there is no Place to put garbage even if there is no body is responsible for removing on daily basis. I have a idea that under Manrega if we provide dust bins - half cut plastic drums & through RWA & other association make drive to tell people to put garbage there only & display the name of contractor who is responsible to clear. Authorities are not taking responsibility make cleaning as their objective in ACR. 
0 0 Salute to our great Indian soldiers. This Diwali may offer  the ultimate power to destroy terrorists fully. We all Indian are with you. Let's celebrate this with great joy and happiness always. Jay Hind! 
0 0 according to the Labour Bureau of India only 1.35 lakh jobs were created in 2015 and 4.93 lakh jobs were created in 2014 across eight sectors sir i am a student preparing for govt job. day by day under your reign govt jobs are decreasing. Ache din kaise aaye gaye if youth of your country is jobless. i am not asking for a job for ias officer i am applying for job of bank clerk inspite of the fact i am mba in hr and marketing. #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
1 0 मैं रूपेश शर्मा तहसील बस्सी जिला जयपुर राजस्थान से हूँ प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी मैं मानता हूँ कि -- सबसे बड़ा कर्ज माँ का होता है और दूसरा सबसे बड़ा कर्ज सेना का होता है, जिन्हें कभी भी चुकाया नहीं जा सकता।  उस माँ और सेना को कोटि कोटि नमन।। 
0 0 thank you soldiers for your sacrifice for our  betterment.happy and prosperous diwali.wish u happy new year...prakash and family...JAI HIND. 
0 0 Sir, it's my sincere request to you to talk about the contribution and the sacrifices made by the indian armed forces in this month's mann ki baat programme. 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, बेटियाँ अपने पिता की सबसे लाडली होती हैं। हमारे सैनिक भाई जो भी बेटी के पिता हैं, उनकी ईच्छाशक्ति की प्रशंसा करनी चाहिए, आज इस समाज में जहाँ हम अपनी बेटियों को अकेले छोड़ने का सोच भी नही सकते, हमारे सैनिक भाई बहुत ही मजबूत दिल के है जो देश की सुरक्षा के लिये अपनी प्यारी बेटियों से दूर सीमा पर दीवाली मना रहे हैं। मेरी आपसे विनती है कि Army Welfare Fund या किसी अन्य Fund का एक बड़ा हिस्सा हमारे सैनिक भाइयों की बेटियों की सुरक्षा एवं विकास में मदद करने के लिए उपयोग किया जाए। 
1 0 मैं रूपेश शर्मा तहसील बस्सी जिला जयपुर राजस्थान से बोल रहा हूँ प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी देशवासी चाहते हैं कि आप की "मन की बात" की तरह ही देश के प्रथम नागरिक राष्ट्रपति जी भी जनता से " मन की बात " या " देश की बात " या " जनता की बात " रेडियों द्वारा साझा करें। जिससे साधारण किसान, राष्ट्रपति जी से भी जुडाव महसूस कर सकें। यह सभी देशवासियों के लिए दिपावली का सबसे बड़ा उपहार होगा। साथ ही आपको और सभी देशवासियों को दिपावली की शुभकामनाएं 
1 0 मैं रूपेश शर्मा तहसील बस्सी जिला जयपुर राजस्थान से बोल रहा हूँ प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी देशवासी चाहते हैं कि आप की "मन की बात" की तरह ही देश के प्रथम नागरिक राष्ट्रपति जी भी जनता से " मन की बात " या " देश की बात " या " जनता की बात " रेडियों द्वारा साझा करें। जिससे साधारण किसान, राष्ट्रपति जी से भी जुडाव महसूस कर सकें। यह सभी देशवासियों के लिए दिपावली का सबसे बड़ा उपहार होगा। साथ ही आपको और सभी देशवासियों को दिपावली की शुभकामनाएं 
0 0 So many countries developed but still all are saying India is developing country, how much time it takes to become developed country  ? Small countries providing employment to other country's students, but in country so much unemployment, reason  ? 
0 0 Respected Sir, till now in our country so many villages without roads and electricity what the representatives doing  ? 
0 0 आप को दीपावली की हार्दिक शुभकामनाये , मैंने एक बात पर ध्यान दिया की शहरों में ५०% से ज्यादा जो रास्तों पर पथप्रकाश के खम्भे लगे हैं वो बस खड़े हैं उनमे बल्ब या तो ख़राब है या कोई भी फाल्ट एक बार हो जाये तो वो कई वर्षों तक रिपेयर नहीं हो रहे हैं , क्या हम अगले दीपावली तक ये सुनिश्चित कर सकते हैं की हम जिस उज्जवला योजना को हर गांव गांव पहोचा रहे हैं , वो पहले जहाँ है वहां ठीक से कार्य करे ?. एक साधारण सा देशवासी हूँ उम्मीद है इस दिशा में प्रगति देखूं जल्दी ही। 
0 0 Sir, on DIWALI most of the employes get some gift from employer. But some employee like rickshaw wala, sabji wala, Kisan , and many such people don't get  gift from their employer (which is normal public). It would be great if people who went to buy sabji , use rickshaw etc. Give some good wishes or gift to those people also because most of us not recognise that actually we are the employer for such people. So we can bring some happiness to their face. Jai Hind 
0 0 देश में सबको बराबर सामान मिले जाति के आधार पर नहीं जो कानून की इज़्ज़त करते हे उनके साथ अगर गलत होता हे तो पुलिस की तरफ से सचाई के साथ कानून का पालन हो और कोर्ट से जल्दी इंसाफ मिले सेफ्टी की जरुरत हे तो कानून की तरफ से सेफ्टी मिले जिससे समाज में ऑनेस्टी बढ़ेगी सही रस्ते पर चलने वालो को खुशिया मिलेगी नोट: आज के टाइम कानून का पालन करने वाले टेंशन में जीते हे 
0 0 Modi ji Namaskar, aap 2016 ko Corporal Punishment Free India declare kijiye. School ek jagah hai jahan hum non violence bachon ko bakhubi sikha sakte hain. Har tarah ki punishment schools se band karvaiye aur college se ragging. Tabhi Gandhiji ka sapna poora hoga. NCPCR ki guidelines sabhi bachon aur unke mata pita ko uplabdha karvaiye. JAI SHRI KRISHNA 
0 0 सर दिवाली कि शुभकामना गव्हर्मेंट कि परीक्षा का result कि तारीख कितीनी होनी चाहिये क्योकी कुछ XAM के result १ २ साल लगते नाही स्टुडन्ट कितने साल result का इंतजार करे मैने नवोदय विद्यालय पुणे  dept कि LOWER DIVISION CLERK XAM परीक्षा JUN -१५ और टायपिंग XAM DEC -१५ मे दिया लेकिन अभि तक result नाही लगा कितने दिन और इतजार करना 
0 0 water Washing also does not ensure cleanliness of big areas but results in considerable inconvenience to users and leads to wastage of water. Such practice of sweeping and large scale washing is not seen in any other country. They do only picking up of garbage and vacuum clean dust to the extent needed. It is my suggestion that same should be resorted to by an order to all the agencies employed in cleanliness of public premises.Also mopping of large ares should be done instead of water washing. 
0 0 resp sir, happy diwali and new year, can we make portal for online donation to any funds of government of india; like sena welfare fund or pradhanmanry relief fund or all other government donation fund on one platform; even any one can donate rs-1 also on festival like diwali,dasherra, christmas, or so on; there should be donation outlet in all banks,postoffice or government office or to private place like ATM to withdraw money; can we make ATM like station for online donation to government fund 
0 0 Why is govt. not planning to setup IT hubs in small places like Jharkhand and Lucknow .Why we have all the IT companies concentrated in South Indian cities like Bangalore and Chennai. Because of this there is heavy migration of North Indians in South India and there are issues like Traffic Jam . Narendra Modiji promised that there were be development all over but why is Eastern states of India lagging behind.What steps are govt. taking to enhance IT in Eastern States like Bihar, Jharkhand  Assam 
0 0 Sir Happy Diwali & Saal Mubaarak. કેમ છો? I think sir We have to work hard on our education system. I can say every well settled person should take minimum 3 children responsibility to guide them or explain abt importance of education or financial help. It helps  India to educate more people. You share this with every Indian on #mannkibaat Regards, Rajdeepsinh Jadeja 
0 0 Keeping the roads and public premises clean remainsa a challenge despite various methods being tried. One of the problems being faced in our style of keeping the public premises and road sides clean is that we resort to sweeping instead of picking up the garbage. Such large scale dry sweeping leads to shifting of part or entire garbage from one location to another location and also leads to considerable air pollution during sweeping. Washing is another practice which does not ensure cleanliness 
0 0 Respected Sir . This is mohit goel lawyer in ghaziabad UP first of all wish you very happy and prosperous diwali.i request you to add a campain with indians that is " eak din desh k naam" it simply mean in india we have all skills everybody must give their one day for country in a year 1 day out of 365 days for country in this doctors, lawyers, engineers, and other professionals who can provide any kind of help to grow country. If 1 % of people take it positively it will save a lot of revenue. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Of India, Namaste.I am Amrita Padhy.I wishing you most happy and prosperous Dipavli.Your visit to Odisha made our life progressive and very high profile criminals got arrested after your visit to Odisha.My request is to make the police department humanitarian at ground level,they are doing criminal activity&friendly to criminals, harassing innocents to not-to file complaints against criminals and allowing injustices to do their wish openly. Our Soldiers of India are great. 
0 0 Our Soldier's of great India are great who are securing our life from the terrorists. At present it is also very alarming is to protect daughters of our country who are facing criminals and did not getting any help from any place and local judicial systems and local police helping goons to behave wild and inhuman. Hence, humans having real wish to do good for others are need to be build up in the society. So help us. Thanking you with most humbly. 
0 0 Respected Sir .. Apko aur apke madhyam se sare desh wasiyo ko Dhanteras aur deepawali ki hardik shubhkamnaye .man ki bat ek aisa munch hai jahan par har ek nagrik apni bat ko desh k PM k sath share kar sakta hai iske liye apko koti koti dhanyawad .. 
0 0 prosperous Dipavli.Your visit to Odisha made our life progressive and very high profile criminals got arrested after your visit to Odisha.My request is to make the police department humanitarian at ground level,they are doing criminal activity&friendly to criminals, harassing innocents to not-to file complaints against criminals and allowing injustices to do their wish openly. Our Soldiers of India are great. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,  पिछले महीने 25 सितम्बर  2016  को आपने मन की बात में ग्रामीण बच्चों को खिलौने देने का सुझाव दिया थी, क्षेत्रीय प्रचार निदेशालय, इंदौर ने खिलौने एकत्रित कर खिलौने देना शुरू कर दिया है. खिलौने पाकर बच्चों के चेहरों की मुस्कान देखते ही बनती है. आपके इस सुझाव के लिये हम आपका ह्रदय से आभार व्यक्त करते हैंं. केंद्र सरकार की योजनाओं के प्रचार प्रसार के साथ खिलौने का वितरण कार्य भी निरंतर जारी रखने का हर सम्भव प्रयास करेंगे. भवदीय मधुकर पवार, इंदौर 
0 0 happy diwali to all indian security forces, i am always with u 
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI INDIAN ARMY....!!! 
0 0 Sir.mije lagta hai ki swachh bharat mission ke liye hum agar railways me ek system laye k jese hi train st pr ati hai motorman sare coch k toilets k outlet niche se close kr de to agar koi use krta hai to bhi st pr gandki nhi hogi..hum bullet tain la rahe hai to inti technology to lahi skte hai k engine se sare toilet outlet close ho jaye..st 6odte hi open kr de..  hmare pass 2019 tak ka time hai agar ye hota hai to st pr gandki ka permenent solution askta hai esa mera manna hai.jai bharat... 
2 0 मैं अजित रोकडे सानपाडा, नवी मुंबई से मा. आदरणीय पंतप्रधान महोदय से काले धन के बारे में एक निवेदन करना चाहता हूँ की, आप सारी जनता तथा व्यावसायिको इ-मनी(E- Money) द्वारा व्यवहार करना अनिवार्य करे | और दूसरी बात, नोटों को एक expiry date जारी की जाये जिससे यह नोट बैंक में जमा करना अनिवार्य तथा जरुरी हो जाये और इसके वजह से काला धन बाहर आने सहायता होगी तथा मार्केट में जो जाली (Duplicate) नोट हैं उसपर भी रोक लग सकती है| यह मेरा आपसे सुझाव है की इसमें आप जरुर विचार करके आवश्यक संशोधन करे| धन्यवाद| 
0 0 Respected PM, I think each and every person and home should be aware of the country in which they live. For that, a fund should be raised by Indians in which every person will contribute rs 1 every day and the fund should be given to the family martyred soldier. This will lead to awareness about sacrifice of solfiers and increase respect towards nation every day. And every small and big person can contribute to this national movement. 
0 0 Or aapko diwali ki shub kaamnay 
0 0 Pranam pm sir mai sirf ek baat kahna chahta hoon k aap bharat me  bani  car  ya kuchh bhi bharatiya ho wo hi istemaal kare ise bharation ko prerna milegi plz. Dhanywad 
0 0 Sir Rajasthan Main Jyada Online Services Nhi Hain .To Aap Se gujarish Hai Ki Sir Aap Rajasthan Ko Digital Banane Ki Koshish Kare 
0 0 Deer PM, while watching your Diwali message to our soldiers, one idea came to my mind which I thought was worth sharing. The idea is can we not donate one rupee each to the family of our soldiers who have sacrificed their life in protecting the honor of our nation. I am sure people wont have any problem in contributing such a small amount (50p or 1re) for such a great cause. 
1 0 Very Important Note for our PM & FM. Home Loan benefit in Income tax  should be given for only one Flat per individual. Its is like everyone keeps on buying the property for getting the income tax benefits & unnecessarily increase the cost of properties & it becomes very difficult for the lay man who cant afford the small home due to high prices. 
0 0 On poor quality roads.. Why cannot municipality award the contracts for roads for 5 yrs period to various contractors like we do for housing society building painting ? Upkeeping those roads from all aspects like fining for parking in no-park zone, fining for littering, digging approval and repair, lighting maintenance, etc. Display the map of contractor of each road on website. Display contractor's name on poorly maintained roads to make his / her name shame while citizens pass that road. 
0 0 Sir, Currently there is lack of respect for traffic rules which is leading to congestion on the roads,  a number of accidents and unfortunate loss of lives. Please mention in your "Mann Ki Baat" about the importance of following traffic rules which will hopefully bring about the much needed change in mindset among the people towards following traffic rules at all times and all situations. 
1 0 Sir, There is urgent need for revamp in education system in India. In my opinion, there should be one courses of study all over India starting from Standard-VIII to Plus2 level with one Board conducting the examinations. No State Boards or separate courses of study for different states. It will help the students all over India to have a standard education at par. There should not be ICSE, CBSE etc. Only one i.e. NCERT to conduct the whole process. 
0 0 Respected sir,I request you to say something about opening some platform for speakers or the students who have the passion of becoming professor at higher level. 
0 0 Hon PM This man ki baat we wish you to address the justice to all Judicial reforms, security and safety to common people- Role of state police,and request government officials to implement and deliver to people on well thought schemes launched by you namely swachch bharat, clean ganga, make in India and digital india etc. 
0 0 Sir, I request you to please say something about making a pollution free diwali, green diwali, eco- friendly diwali. People shouldn't buy unnecessary things, instead they can donate necessary things to the needy people. Also people should not waste electricity in fancy lighting. I suggest instead of burning crackers on Diwali, each person should plant a tree and take care of it. Happly Diwali Sirji #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio #Diwali 
0 0 Sir, I request you to please say something about making a pollution free diwali, green diwali, eco- friendly diwali. People shouldn't unnecessary things, instead they can donate necessary things to the needy. People should also not waste electricity in fancy lighting. I suggest instead of burning crackers, each person should plant a tree and take care of it. Happly Diwali Sirji #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
1 0 Respected PM, Please initiate some steps on the old reservation system. Many of like me, becoming useless even having talent in Academic/Technical. Whether born in poor forward caste is any crime, why government is not thinking about these types of families, they also have not resources but they are fighting our poor system. Can we change reservation on the merits of economic status in place of caste basis. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Please find herewith document submitted vide email dated 19.08.2016  for the "Need for passport reforms" Ref: JP/MEA/Proposed Passport Reforms/01 Dated:19th Oct 2016.Kindly spare time to read my views. I feel there is a need for the procedural changes for Issue/Reissue  of Passport to Indian citizens in line with the pace of development   of our External affairs and Indianisation of the Globe/world. Thanking you Regards Jayprakash 
0 0 Respected PM sir, I am shivam rai from Varanasi,i want to say that Varanasi is developing too fast in bjp government.I see that Varanasi is totaly changing in smart city. I want to say that please change Varanasi into Hi-Tech and put some more industries in Varanasi. The people of your city are jobless and there no income to our family. I'm shivam moving delhi,mumbai,pune,etc for job from away to my family. I request you sir to think about the people of Varanasi and family. Thank you sir. 
0 0 companies to be registered online. This attitude of govt officials take your well planned digital india compaign to toss. There is a need to take stern action against those erring officials.Even we doubt fund allocated for Ganga cleaning and swach bharat compaign is going on ground? Please address this in man ki baat 
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, We respect our soldiers. After 18th Sept Uri incidence Pakistan is continuously firing across LOC. More than one month elapsed but we spent lots on defense buying. We had 45000 crores extra revenue from black money. What is the way forward for common people. World ranking on ease of doing business has not improved? I visited CSC registration and the deptt has closed online registration. Even service tax department do not register online. MCA web does not allow ctd 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I am working as a Computer Science lecturer in a Degree college, Visakhapatnam.  Many Computer Science students attend Campus Drives.  But most of them fail only because of lack of  typing speed even though they are doing good in their academics.  I would like to suggest that the opportunities for the under graduate students will be broadedned if typing is made a part of acadamic curriculam. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Indian slogans to be adoption prog. "Jai jawan Jai kisan Jai Vigyan" had a special significance in the then  socio economic condition of our country.It translates to  hail the soldier/hail the farmer/hail the science & Technology. The immense contribution for promoting use of science for the welfare of farmers. organizing various farmer awareness programs aiming showcasing and demonstration of new technological advances for enhancing productivity and profitability of agriculture. 
0 0 Dear modiji,main aapse request karti huin kain es bar aap 10 vi ke students ko margadarshan kare. aagar aap hame margadarshan karenge to hamame kuch naya karneky prerna jagrut hogi. Ham hindustan ko education skhetra main bhi aage badtha dekhna chahte hain,aur hame aisa lagta hain ke ham isme aapki sahayta kar sakte hain. to please,hame margadarshan kijiye. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir Please take up safe deepawali celebration topic. One more important point you must take up is"The attitude, thinking, acting by our all Civil Services Officers mainly in Energy Sectors,VillageInfrastructure, Youth Personality development by utlising their skills.They have to work without coming under any political pressure,bending towards unethical treasures.They have to mend their subordinates with human values,importance ofsuccess in all sectors of our country". Jai Hind... 
0 0 deforestation and water level drop in major cities as no water harvesting adopted by people 
0 0 Dear PM sir is bar deepawali pr mitti ke diye jalane ka sandesh rang layi aur mitti ke diye ki bikri me 45% ki vridhhi hui mai khud ek kumhar hu isliye ise mahsus kiya. mai ek gujarish aur karunga ki jitane bhi sarkari daftar hai vahan pr bhi mitti ke diye se hi roshani ki jaye. Aur mai ummid krta hu ki aane vale dino me mitti ke bane hue kulhad me chay bhi parosi jayegi.mai chahta hu ki plastic ki jagah mitti ke bartano ka bharpur upyog kiya jaye. Happy Diwali Sir 
2 0 Respected PM Sir, I would like to draw your kind attention on the issue of so called "Lack of Judges as many cases are pending and Court could not do to clear pending cases" Sir, What I feel that it may be Ok but other side Lowers are also responsible to keep pending issues. In short I feel that it may be due to make cases more complicated / get more fee moreover also to find time to dilute opposite party's points to win. HENCE ALL LOWERS MUST BE REQUESTED FOR. REGARDS 
0 0 Reg.Education System which is quite low compare to another countries and It should be ban to open schools to all political leader who see this schools as a trade and counting benefits as education system goes to lower. 
0 0 Dear  Sir, Sometimes our parents come with us to our working town for some days. After completion of their enjoyment with grandchildren they ask about  to return to village. Sir, due to unavailability of leave or heavy workload we can't able to go back with them to home. Sir, can we offer  a chance of service to our railway police?  Police will ask the comfortability of travel to senior citizen two- three times a day and will help him to disembark at exact destination. Charges can apply 
0 0 Dear Moddiji we want to see the initiative taken for farmers  should reach to needy peoples in rural people.  I still see that most of the initiative or government policies are not reached at rural people. I feel please use Mann Ki Baat platform to communicate this massage to farmers and poor people and also urge admistative government people who works at district level to take this government schemes to connecting villages. Admistative People at district level not at all working for rural peopl 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर नमस्ते, इस दीपावली हम ने मिट्टी के दीपक उपयोग में लेने का अभियान चलाया हे. साथ ही केरी बेग में पोलीथिन का प्रयोग नहीं करने का भी सन्देश दिया गया . लोगो ने बड़े उत्साह से भाग लिया . आशा हे हमारी कोशिश रंग लाएगी. शुभ दीपावली . वीरेंदर राठौर bilara जोधपुर 
0 0 Namaskar. I have been perturbed by seeing the situation at most of the primary and higher secondary schools where either we do not have good and dedicated teachers (which we used to see when we were kids) or lack of interest on the students itself. I have a suggestion which may improve the situation and bring interests among teachers and students. I propose that it should be made mandatory to Millions of researchers like me to teach at the schools and that must be linked with their ACRs.Thank u. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री नरेंद्रजी मोदिजी को मेरा आदरपूर्वक नमस्कार| जैसे की सभी जानते हे और मानते भी है की बच्चे देश का भविष्य है, तो मै आपसे अनुरोध करता हुं के शालेय स्तर पर स्वच्छ भारत के निर्माण को लेकर कुछ पढाया जाये या उनमे स्वच्छता को लेकर मन मे रुची डाली जाये तो आगे यही देश का भविष्य मे ना खुद गंदगी फैलायेंगे ना दुसरोंको फैलाने देंगे और तभी भारत पुरी तरह से “स्वच्छ भारत” केहलायेगा. प्रितम राम चिंचणे मोबाईल 9881472718 
0 0 ARMY APP shahid jawano ko help karne ke liye app nikalo mobile se hum sab help karna chahate hai eg.balance dedu easy way 2 help 
0 0 Respected Sir, like our Jawans And Kisans our Tribals are real Heros for Forest and Bio diversity Conservation.Their age old traditional practices for soil conservation, water conservation and Forest Conservation are unique in nature and also followed by professionally trained Foresters. If they are motivated by you, in your very impressive Mann ki Bat, they can do wonders. More over their traditional knowledge and practices should be documented as a Guide book for us. Regards. 
0 0 sir, Now days, nobody is talking about dowry. perhaps they are thinking that dowry has ended to a great extent. i want to point out (in my opinion), dowry increases day to day. it is very disappointing that educated people escalate it. If a person has good govt. job then he take 15-30lakh rupees as dowry that means good job has directly proportional to big amount. 
0 0 Sir, the non-utilisation of GSAT-6 satellite by any strategic user in our country has revealed limited competence and expertise available with all stakeholders. This situation in the country may require urgent technological audit of all stakeholders to prevent any further loss of valuable national assets. 
1 0 Dear Modi Ji, I want to point out a big problem due to 100 days employment to rural people. * People who works in this scheme says, "We are getting Rs.140 or something without working properly per day. In that situation why we should work properly and get money" * As a result of this, not only the public money is wasted, it creates a wrong mentality to people. * people lacks the worth of money and leads to severe in disciplinary activities. Please consider my message ASAP. #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
0 0 People should recognise as an Indian not by which state they are belong to.For example if someone is from Bihar then call him Bhartiya instead of Bihari and so on.This will create uniteness as well as Constitution also said to not discriminate on basis of region. Specially this will give respect for our N-E states brother and sister 
1 0 If many Indian villages had main stream courses set up like mbbs ,bcomm ,or the courses which inspire them to build or invent and export and such which can lead them to be the person they want to be . Electricity , water available . And funds for these courses by government based on the salary of the parents . Our culture is rich , basically we need development of villages to develop India. Make all villages self sufficient. It will save major cities from burden of overpopulation also . 
1 0 Dear Modi Ji, I want to point out a big problem due to 100 days employment to rural people. * People who works in this scheme says, "We are getting Rs.140 or something without working properly per day. In that situation why we should work properly and get money" * As a result of this, not only the public money is wasted, it creates a wrong mentality to people. * people lacks the worth of money and leads to severe in disciplinary activities. Please consider my message ASAP. #MannKiBaat,#AIR 
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister I am from Rewa(M.P).. Sir mai chahta hu ki es bar ap man ki baat me villages ko kaise cities se jode es pe bat kare kyo ki gavo me hi Sanskriti basti h aur es mahan desh ki mahan sanskriti kahi na kahi apna astitva kho rahi h aur jb tak hmare gav vikas nai krege hm viksit aur sampan desh nai bn payege kyo ki Sahro ka vikas gavo se hi hota h jaise agriculture jisse hmare desh ki puri economy judi hui h...jai hind..jai jawan..jai kisan 
0 0 Please tell the emerging youths, the importance of respecting others non only friend and relatives but also strangers. 
0 0 RESPECT SIR, HAR EK INSAN KE VYAKTITVA DHADATAR KE LIYE "MA-BAP" KA AHAM ROLE HOTA HE. MA APNE BATE KE KUCH BHI KARNE KO HAMMESHA TAIYAR RAHETI HE, CHAHE VO CHHOTA HO YA BADA HO, "MA" KA KARJ HAM KABHI ADA NAHI KAR SAKTE MAGAR HAM UNKA SANMAN KO KAR SAKTE HE NA. TO HAME "MA" KE LIYE "BEST MOTHER" KA AWARD SARU KARNA CHAHIYE. IS NEW YEAR PER MA KE LIYE HAMARI AHI GIFT HOGI... JAY HING... 
0 0 Ma chahta hu ki aap ganga m chhath puja k karan hona wali gandagi ko kam karna k liya kya upay aap ki sarkar ma  kiya gaye hain uski charcha kare.or bhi jo ganga safai k liya kam kiya ja rha hain uski bhi charcha kare 
0 0 Dear my fav PM sir my concern is some rich people get bail and acquitted from serious charge due to high paid lawer,what can a poor do to get justice where a case continue more than 20years date after date,sir please consider this 
0 0 Respected Sir, AAP KI SARKAR KI TARAF SE KUCH ACCHE KADAM UTHAYE GAYE HE JISSE AAM YADMI KI UMMID AAPSE AUR BADH GAI HE.. AAP KE DWARA JO "SWACHCHHA BHARAT" ABHIYAN CHALAYA JA RAHA HE USME SUB LOG APNE AAP JUD RAHE HE LEKING ESKE LIYE PRASASAN KI TARAF KAHI BAR KOI VYAVSTKHA NAHI HOTI HE JESE 100 MTR.DISTANT ME DUSTBIN RAKHANA, 1 KM. ME SHAUCHALAY HONA, DOR TO PDOR COLLECTION, DAILY SAFAI, JE SE VYAVSTHA N HONE KE KARAN LOG MAJBURAN RASTE ME KACHARA DALNE ME MAJBUR HOTE HE. 
1 0 R/sir, points for consideration attached. 
16 0 We would like to express our sincere gratitude and best wishes to our beloved Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modiji for your extremely positive attitude and selfless work that you are doing for the entire mankind. May you keep inspiring people and may all your aspirations and dreams come true. 
2 0 PM sir I am not from ayodhya(u.p.)i reside in rampur(u.p) but i am worried about ayodhya's conditions as it is shown in attatched video of zee news DNA show i saw yesterday and i felt that i should attract your consideration to it. In shrilanka historical monuments are in so well condiotion and the government of shrilanka has made these monuments like ashok vatika a tourist place, why we are backward in that case. I want you to think about it and order ASI to reconstruct holy places in ayodhya. 
1 0 Honorable Prime minister, I would like to share my opinion in your next "Mann ki Baat" which will be broadcasts on 30th October-16. Sir, October is a big festival month of India. many great festival is celebrated in the month of October in our country. My humble request to you in this "mann ki baat" you will mentioned the special festival " Chhath Pooja " which will be celebrated after 6 days of Diwali in hole Bihar, Jharkhand and half of the U.P. Chhath pooja is called as "Maha Parva" 
0 0 Hi,My Name is Pratik Shoorjoshi.I am suggesting that we should have uniform education system all over India. There different state board,CBSC board,Kendriy Vidyalay all of these boards and schools have different syllabus.When different student come together at common platform some of ous have distinct advantage over others,for example state for heigher standard state language and lower standard english and vice versa in central board or english medium school.Please if possible address this issue 
0 0 sir, beti bacho beti pdho muhim me, divyang logo ko bhi joda jaye, or unke mata pita ko bhi suvidhye di jaye jese medical/bima sbhi ka ho, loan suvidha,job ki leye reservation, divyag ke leye ek ID card all india base per ho,jo sabhi rajyo me many ho. sabhi school/college/office me saman adhikar ho. keyoki beti or diuvyag ke sath mata pita ka jevan bhi asahniy hota hi. kirya samjhane ki koshih kare. dhniyawad-  Mahesh Bhatt, vaundhra Ghaziabad, UP 201012 
0 0 Sir if we can't control our population, we will never develop. Three Important chapters - One is Swachh Bharat, second is Population and third is Education 
0 0 Dear sir.i m pramod g gaude from khandepar village ponda goa.plese launch special employement gurantee scheme for physically handicapped person .like data entry.typing other according to skill/education of disable person. She it's possible through panchyat. In rural area. Please include skill person in employement gurantee  scheme providing job from govt sector at doorstep.Thanking u sir pramod from ponda khandepar 403406 goa.contact 9764449006 
0 0 The main aim of giving this written memorandum is that to include all employees of organized as well as UN organized sector of both lower salary i.e. up to 21,000 /month and higher salary i.e. above 21,000/month, under ESI contribution systems. If an employee’s getting Rs 21,000/month he/she comes under ESI contribution system, and getting all compensation facilities. When he/she suffering from health / in case of death. But the higher salaried employee’s i.e. above 21,000/month, then he/she su 
0 0 महोदय ! देश की सर्वोच्च अदालत ने स्वीकार किया कि समान कार्य के लिए समान वेतन दिया जाये तो फिर उत्तर प्रदेश जैसे राज्य की 90प्रतिशत उच्च शिक्षा सम्भालने वाले स्ववित्तपोषित संस्थाओं के शिक्षकों का क्या गुनाह है कि उन्हें आज भी प्रबंधतंत्र की दया पर जीना पड़ रहा है और 5से10हजार वेतन दिया जाता है ।महोदय राष्ट्रहित मे हम शिक्षकों के सम्मान की रक्षा कीजिए ।अपने मन की बात मे मेरे मन की बात को भी सम्मिलित कीजिए -डॉ श्रीप्रकाश मिश्र ,प्राध्यापक दयानंद पीजी कॉलेज बछरावां ;रायबरेली उत्तर प्रदेश । 
0 0 Honourable modi ji, Everything is going good and one of the slogan is that slow study win the race. Its not the complaint its a compliment keep t up. And give me the chance for that to improvement of INDIA 
0 0 Modiji namaskar please apne naye dost ko bataa denge ki uske samaan upar koi ban nahi hai.Hind ki janata usko 1962 se achchhe se pehchanti hai.Agar voh masood ko atanki na manta hai to kandhaar plane highjek ki samagra jimmevari uski rahegi aur dushman ka dost bhi dushman hai aisa hind ki janata manti hai.Pahle usko apni rakhail ka daman se door hatna hoga fir bad me hind se dhandhe ki baat sochna.Thanks. 
0 0 Sir, I want to draw your attention towards a disability which is not disability according to Indian laws. Lots of Candidates preparing for civil services exam & army get rejected due to colour blindness.while it is not defined as a disability in India ,so people don't get any protection from govt. And on the other hand they are being rejected for being colour blind.it is also to be mentioned that colour blinds can see those colors which are difficult for normal persons to identify. 
0 0 On the policy front kudos to the Govt for being on the toes and brininging out well defined policies. When it comes to implementation the Govt Employees are key. So I would like to point out some of their concerns , the pay commission hike which was announced in July is yet to be implemented in the some of the institutes which directly comes under PMO, eg CSIR-National Physical Laboratory of India and many more. When FM announced 2% DA increase yesterday there were no smiles either. Pls help 
0 0 Dear Modi Sir, Myself Goutham from Bengaluru, Karnataka this post is regarding with the frequent infiltration and ceasefire done by our neighbour country and this is a serious concern as every other day casualities are occurring.So my question is can't we build a "Great Indian Wall" along side with the international boundaries...? Please address this matter as soon as possible. And we all proud and thank of you for taking a bold step towards surgical strike. Thank You. Jai Hind & Happy Diwali 
1 0 Due to higher fee Middle Class Family is not able to pay this much College Fee. Indian Education is very very costly compare to income. If one father's income is around 5 lac to 6 lac and his two sons total fee is around 4 lac to 5 lac then how can one father capable to pay fee for both sons. Please, decrease the Education fee and stop Self Finance College in India. Due to higher fee i can not do my Master Degree. #MannKiBaat #MyGov #PMONRadio 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, I am supporter of Swachha Bharat Mission. Need to encourage private sector for waste collection and power generation from waste. Nexus of municipalities are not allowing to make this happen. Need to formulate a policy at center level to motivate the private company. This could be a good step and in real sense will help to decompose or eliminate the waste...Ask CPCB to take initiatives rather then only monitoring...Let them also do a business model... 
0 0 #mann ki baat Respected pm sir Aap ne desh bar vikas ki ganga layividesh jakar naye dacha per charcha ki lagbhag sabhi vibhago me,vikas,infrastructure, defence, rulal development,transport, torisum  ,agricultural. Per tab bhi kisan bhaiyo ko accha munafa nahi mil raha he,kpas ko 4500  per kwital  mil raha he aap kpas ko 6000 ka dam kendra ki goshit kr dijiye,kisan bhai ki diwali achi jayegi nahi to diwali kya he we soch me hi bhub jayege.jay jawan jay kisan ka ka Nara.modi ji ap hi Jo naykro 
0 0 stray dogs are a menace,health hazard and a danger to society.a national policy is needed to take street dogs away from the open. swachha bharat can not succeed unless this is done. 
0 0 safe use of LPG:with widespread use of LPG in households it is necessary to educate the user in safety aspects.we see repeated cylinder blasts and fires because the cylinder is kept too close to heat.many times burners are kept on the floor next to the cylinder. 
1 0 Dear honourable PM sir, myself pramod g gaude from village curti khandepar state ponda goa.sir I m physically handicapped person.sir I am unemployed. I want to share my ideas regarding physically handicapped person job oppurtunities. Please include disable person in rural employement gurantee scheme. Providin disable person home based job of data entry.typing other from govt sector according to skill .education. it's only possible throgh panchyat in rural area.launching special employement . 
0 0 Respected PM Sir,  Pls introduce a family card which shud be address proof for whole family members on change in place of residence because rent agreement, the registry of house, elect/water bill is in the name of head of family and his children if aged above 18 years dont have any address proof and they face problems in opening a bank account, post office account, making passport or for any other matter. Most of us dont have a ration card which is only for BPL.   THIS IS A SERIOUS CONCERN. 
0 0 it is good to show how we honour the martyrs.but also show "shaurya gatha" a special show on TV about how our forces hit back at the enemy or help citizens in disasters. 
0 0 Dear Sir,I have a suggestion to reduce the pollution. Use of bicycle should be encouraged among all employees in all sectors. Now a days a good bicycle is coming in Rs. 15-20 thousand. This can be funded by 0% interest loan with easy EMI. In spite of your best effort, corruption is still the greatest concern of this country.  There is no mechanism to check foreign visits, gifts, illegal money, awards and many more such incentives. An expiry date can be placed on currency. 
0 0 Hon. Sir, My thoughts for this month's Mann Ki Baat is attached as PDF file herewith. Regards 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, I Sandeep Agarwal, an IT professional from Mumbai have something to chip in for software fraternity. In IT sector we as a nation is recognized as a service nation and not as a product based nation. Most of the IT products are developed by western countries, though they use our brains to create. Wouldn't be a great idea if the government provides subsidies and tax discounts to companies who invest money for product related activities. This step will encourage companies 
0 0 Sir, incidences of animal cruelty are increasing in India. Madam Maneka Gandhi is doing a wonderful job helping animals, I congratulate her. Your opinion matters to innumerable Indians. Please include this in Mann ki Baat. Target the youth and children, many people shall follow your advice. Animals are used for food, clothes, accessories but denied the right to pain- and hunger-free existence. Are they not a part of India? Fear promotes cruelty. Ask parents to teach children to love animals. 
2 0 Sir..1 Question hame hamari country ki history kyu nhi padahi jati hame school me french revolution or Europe civilization kyu padhaya jata h kya unhe ashoka ki history padhai jati h fir kyu hum hamari hi history ko janne k liye shows ki zarurat padti h.. meri 1 request h apse ki aap history k syllabus me hamari country ki history bhi rakhe.. plz it's a humble request of an INDIAN 
0 0 Dogs are human being's best friend.  Diwali is the festival of light and happiness which is often a nightmare for our best friend. Children often find it amusing to tie crackers or more specifically 'ladi' which depresses and harasses dogs and cats. This Diwali lets pledge to altleast reduce the bursting of heavy noice creating crackers so to bring happiness everywhere. I request Honourable prime minister Narendra Modi to address this issue and request fellow citizens to stop abuse of animals. 
0 0 IAS, Police & other government positions have entrance exam. But there are many critical positions which do not have entrance exam which can test candidates capabilities to handle the position in best way with complete ethics & values. I want to suggest that if anyone wanting to have any position in government office, there should be entrance exam. The entrance exam should test skills as well ethics* & values* of the candidate. This way governance quality can be improved. 
0 0 Is government servent not an ordinary people or not an Indian social citizen ? I think work load ,work place may create problem or fault may be in their Training. 
0 0 See the attachment for my suggestions. 
0 0 Respected Pradhan Sewak(PM) Sir Charan Sparsh You and Indian Defense corps are doing a great work but we being the citizen of this nation do not have any responsibility? I would like to request all respected people of this nation to maintain dignity and integrity and say no to Corruption , communism etc . be strong in the sense of character , willpower etc and respect and help others...at last make our nation strong enough that no one could think only to cause any damage..Happy Diwali to all 
0 0 Accept Aadhaar No. as GST No. and provide free registration.  This will allow all patriotic hawkers/small-time vendors to collect and pay GST.  This will also block spending of Black Money within India.  Good Luck!  Jai Congress! 
0 0 HAPPY DHANTERAS MY INDIAN SOLDIER AND MY PM NARENDRA MODI JI ....................... 
1 0 Members of legislative assembly of indian states can spend thier holidays in any indian state specially north east or always ready for foreign visit. 
2 0 one small suggestion to save electricity on occasion of festival of lights, It is often seen that people put their mobile for overnight charging...while it requires 2-3 hours only to charge mobile. remaining 6-7 hrs it still draw 3-5 w electricity....if we seen this at a national level and assume only 20% user put their mobile for over night charging... It cost @ 1000 MW power a day..... = 4 W x (204 Million Smart phone X20%) X 6 Hr 
1 0 श्रीमान,में जब भी दिल्ली में ग्यारह मूर्ति के सामने से गुजरता हूँ तो उस में छिपा एक सन्देश हमेशा मेरे जहन में घूमता हे जहाँ एक काबिल इंसान थक कर बैठ गए इंसान को सहारा व् होंसला दे कर अपने साथ आगे बढ़ने के लिए प्रोत्साहित कर रहा हे। हमारी यही खासियत उस गीत से भी उजागर होती हे जिसमे कहा गया हे की "दीप् से दीप जलाते चलो" अर्थ यह निकलता हे की किसी भी रास्ट्र की विकास की गति दोगुनी हो जाती हे जब हम अपने से पीछे वालों को साथ लेकर चलने में उनकी मदद करते हें ना की बीच में खाई बनने दें । 
0 0 RAHI BAT GUSKHORI KI TO,,,,,HAMARE PRADHANMANTRI JI KITNE MEHNAT KARTE HAI AUR APNI DESH KI SEWA KE LI SHUBAH 4 BAJE UTH JATE, LEKIN INKO BADNAM KARNE PE APNE HI DESH KE KUCHH KUTE KUTIYA JAISE BIRODHI DAL KE NETA TO KYA APNE BETE NATI POTE AADI KO NAUKARI KA SETTING KARA DETE HAI AUR BECHHRE LACHAR LOG MARE FIRTE HAI AUR BADNAM HOTI HAI SARKAR, KYU KI UNKI HI PRASHSNIK KARYA JO DESH KE ANDAR VIDHYAMAN HAI WO AISHO AARAM KARTE HAI- MERE PRIY MODI JI SE MAI KAHNA HA KI AISE GADDARO KO SABAKH DE. 
0 0 Accept Aadhaar No. as GST Number and free registration.  This will ensure Tax collection by all hawkers & illegal vendors too.  This will block black money from being spent. 
0 0 Suggestion about Goods and Services Tax.  Read in image. 
1 0 Happy Diwali And Happy New Year Dear Modiji 
0 0 Respected Sir namaste/pranam HAMARE DESH ME BAHUT SARE KARYA GHATIT HOTE HAI JISME PADHE LIKHE LOG MARE JATE HAI AUR GANDE KAM JAISE CHORI DAKAITI,GUNDEBAJI PE UTTAR AATE HAI, KYU KI UNKE SATH KUCH KUCH AUR KAHI NA KAHI GALAT HO RAHA HAI AUR WO HAI, "GHUSSKHORI" DEKHIYE NA HAL HI KI KHABAR HAMARE GARHWA JILE JO JHARKHAND STATE ME HAI GRAM ROZGAR KI MERIT WALI FORM NIKLI JISME INTER/SNATAK/AUR SNAKOTTAR PE JINKI ACHHE MARKS HAI UNKA HONA THA PARANTU KYA TO WAHA SETTING HO GAYA H. 
2 0 Dear Modi sir Congratulations for Good Government, you are doing wonderful Job. Sir you have already taken measures to curb black money that's great but my suggestion to encourage more people to pay tax is to start some incentive policy for existing taxpayers from last 5-7 years. This will not only encourage newer people for paying more taxes but also boost existing taxpayers. Modi Sir as we are talking of young India, and let me tell you 1 thing that Young India is not poor India. Jai Hind🙏🙏 
1 0 Respected Sir As our country is becoming more and more populous day by day. Unless we control our population our all plan and schemes are utilized efficiently.  So my suggestion is that encourage Youths for population control and adopting a orphange child. This must be included in Mann ki Bat current episode so that a new light come in someone's  life as well in someone's Home especially a girl child as Goddess  Grahalaxmi. Happy diwali 
0 0 Respected sir as the number of unemployed youth is increasing day by day . Some youths qualify for many examination simultaneously and they change their frequently , our many resources got wasted and the most needed candidate who needed the job got in queue of unemployed. So my request to you is that there must a bond for every Government Vaccancy of appropriate value so that needed get their dues and Commission resources for recruitment do not get wasted. yours faithfully Pardeep kuman 
0 0 Happy Diwali to our real heroes.. jai hind.. last two days back i heard one audio clip of our solider.. i can't control my emotion.. i felt i should live a life like him.. but wasted my life with my selfish family ... atleast by god grace my son should be join with your teamm..jai hind 
0 0 Pranam modi ji sbse pehle apko Diwali ki visesh shubhkamnayen.aise surgical strike se hmne pehle hi Diwali mna Liya h. Pr bs diye jlane se desh ka kuch ni hoga jb tk grib on k ghron me bhi diye na Jle. Aap uske liye b kuch kre. 
0 0 Respected Sir I am CA by profession, an NRI living in America. I was cheated by Ansals Buildwell in 2009 and still struggling for justice. My case was registered in National consumer court in Gurgaon since 2011 and final hearing is pending since 4 years. My entire hard earned money is vested in this villa. Pls bless me with Justice 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 Regards Jaspreet Singh 
0 0 Ab to Banko ne kahar macha rakha bina cheque ke paisa nikal hi nahi sakte yahan tak bank of india to kishi bhi surat main grahak ki suntan hi nahi hai. bank ke karamchari mahipalpur delhi Sakha ka to kal hi bahut bura hai. kya hamare PM sahib es maha mari se nijat dilane ka intjam kar sakte hai. agar aisa ho jaye to samanya logo ki kuchh preshani kam ho sakti hai. 
0 0 Sir logo ko mitti k diye jalane k mahtva k bare m samjhaye...or logo ko zyada se zyada mitti k Diye jalane ko protsahit karen...sbi apki bat zarur manenge. 
0 0 I wish you and our Government a happy and prosperous Diwali but I want you to tell every Indian the harm of crackers....It is a festival of happiness we should make it happier for other.. 
0 0 We must look into our education system deeply. The school system does not encourage students to ask - it's about teachers to tell. It kills the curiousity and also does not make them self-responsible. So Indian work force doesn't have a great reputation abroad. Indians are known to shirk work, and this comes from years of working only for marks and not foryourself. In the end our students are quite different from students in US and other advanced nations. #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
0 0 I wish a happy& prosperous Diwali to you and your Govt.which has worked very well inspite of all odds&opposition.Certain unique works had been done in the interest of the people like Divyang welfare,Ujjawala yojna,reformsin Railway& telecom sector etc.but more gaps are to be filled in Swacchata mission so that taxpayers money does'nt go waste and the killer diseases like Dengue,chickengunia viral fever,Malaria etc. 
0 0 यदी एम० पी० व एम० एल० ए० इस अधिकार का गलत इस्तेमाल करते है यानी यदी उस व्यक्ती को जनता दोबारा प्रधान मंत्री व मुख्य मंत्री चुन लेती है तो इस तरह के एम० पी० व एम० एल० ए० को जिम्मेवार ठहरा कर देश के पूरे नुकशान की भरपाई उन्ही एम० पी० व एम० एल० ए० से की जानी चाहिए I 
0 0 देश में प्रधान मंत्री व मुख्य मंत्री का चुनाव सीधे पूरे देश/ प्रदेश की जनता द्वारा किया जाना चाहिए, तभी भ्रष्टाचार पूरी तरह से दूर होगा और पूरे देश का सामान विकास संभव होगा I एम० पी० व एम० एल० ए० की निर्भरता समाप्त होनी चाहिए I चैक्स-एवं-बैलंस की थ्योरी के आधार पर एम० पी० व एम० एल० ए० को केवल प्रधान मंत्री व मुख्य मंत्री के गलत कामों पर निगरानी रखनी चाहिए I गलत कामों की परिस्थितियों में एम० पी० व एम० एल० ए० को प्रधान मंत्री व मुख्य मंत्री को हटाने का अधिकार होना चाहिए I 
0 0 भ्रष्टाचार हमारे देश की प्रगती में सब से बड़ी रूकावट है जिसको मिटाने के लिए केवल आपने पहल की है I भ्रष्टाचार मिटाने के लिए हमारे जैसे सभी भारतीय आपके साथ सीधे तौर पर जुड़ना चाहते है I हमारे ज्ञान  से और ईमानदार व मेहनती विभिन्न विभागों से सेवानिवृत अधिकारियों/ कर्मचारियों के योगदान से भ्रष्टाचार को जड़ से मिटाया जा सकता है I 
0 0 Can we provide Cbse education in our government schools in villages & city level Get Post offices franchise in private sector  as courier service 
0 0 let India give LOC of $1 billions each to all SAARC countries,sub Sahara African countries,Island nations/under developed countries to purchase Indian products. let India give LOC of $1 billions each  to all sub Sahara African countries,Island nations & to under developed countries to purchase Indian Arms. India must engage in long term lease contract cultivation of pulses with certain African countries on mutual sharing basis .We hve large number of farmers who can be sent to these countries. 
0 0 as an income. There are 2 issues - one who has the PAN card and dosen't want to share while the other who doesn't have the PAN Card. Unless the PAN Card copy is submitted the tenant cannot claim the HRA while the owner enjoys the rent and cheats the Govt. Earlier we could claim the HRA by giving an undertaking from the Owner. The Govt should provide an alternative on how the HRA can be claimed in this situation and also provide a forum where such owners can be reported. Regards Yogesh 
0 0 Dearest PM, I wish you & rest of the Indian Family of 125 crore people a Safe & happy Diwali. I wanted to speak to you regarding the CBDT's circular issued a couple of months back regarding the submission of Owner's PAN card as evidence for annual rent greater than Rs 1 lakh. I am extremely supportive of this idea and if i were to ever rent my house i would give the PAN card copy to the tenant. However in reality not all Owners this the same to the extent they don't want to show this 
0 0 All members of a family should sit together at least for half an hour or more daily to chat with kids, to listen to them, their stories and their experiences. It will develop better personality, power of expression and family attachment. 
0 0 1. The Haryana growth is limited and against your "make in India" mission due to the "Khirki Daula toll" in Gurugram, Haryana. The toll should be removed cos due to this the investers are reluctant to cross the toll and invest in Manesar, Pachgaon, Dharuhera, Rewari, Bawal belt. Why cant Haryana govt pay 350 Cr, remove KD toll and open the gates for huge investment on GGn-Bawal (DMIC) belt. I think PMO needs to lead KD Toll removal and guide the state govt, help them. 
0 0 This is the time to showcase the development happening on ground and all state CMs are contribution to PM's vision. There are CMs windows but the actions id limited and whatever action is there is very little. 1.I would like to see how many industries have bought land and starting construction. 2. I would like to see how many new railway tracks actual construction work has started. 3. I would like to see Palwal-Rewari railway track construction work to start, The track is important for Nuh 
2 0 Sir, I am impressed with your initiatives. Development is good but rather than commenting on development I would give emphasis on women's safety. This has become extremely important. Its hard to give safety to each and individual girl / women of India,but we will should come up with mandatory self-safety training for girls and harsher and faster punishment for criminals.Crime against women are rising everyday. India is our motherland and let us all commit to protect our mothers and sisters. 
0 0 Enclosed document contains a suggestion to identify low performing activities within each department, for your consideration. 
2 0 Dear Prime Minister ji, Happy Diwali and may you have a long life. Please take up the project of interlinking rivers of India and eradicate floods and droughts from India. This has become an extremely urgent task that needs to be completed on war footing. Thanks Gaurav 
0 0 Enclosed document contains a suggestion to identify low performing activities within each department, for your consideration. 
1 0 dear prime minister sir mera suggestion hai college ki padhaai ke saath saath skill trainning center ho aur students ko direct industry se trainning ho sabhi college me,iske liye central gov state gov and private sector saath aaye to jyada teji se students skill hoge kyuki sir educated unskill jyada hai apne desh me. 
1 0 hello sir mai bus ye suggestion dena chahta hu...agar goverment hospital and primary care centre ki condtion ko thik karna hai aur jaise other country me public goverment hospital ko prefer karti waise hi humare yaha kare iske liye aap management doctor ke hath se lekar jo HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION course ke student hai unko de ON THE experience basis per..doctors ko patient ka treatment karne de management se dur rakhe...mai ye nahi kehta ki MASTER IN HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION walo job per rakhdo 
1 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji,  Happy Diwali.Please  emphasize on quality in education. Every  rupee spent on education should contribute to quality in education.(i)Monitoring quality in education from unit level to highest Govt level  periodically.(ii) Affordable quality higher education evento common man (iii) Bringing accountability (iv) Encouraging best practices and replicating them in every school.Quality in education is mantra to overcome hunger and Unemployment in our country. 
0 0 Sir I would like you to share your views on the reducing number of vacancies day by day in the government organisation like SSC,FCI ! This is a very serious issue which is needed to be addressed! Unemployment is a very big problem for ! This is the voice of a government job aspirant! We trust you ! Only you can do something!  Get rid of this unemployment problem! Achhe din kaise aayenge sir? 
0 0 कारगिल के पहाड़ो में लड़ाई हो,सियाचिन ग्लेशियर की ठंडाई हो। श्रीनगर में बाढ़ की तबाही हो,या विदेश से बंधकों की रिहाई हो। सेना ने अपना फर्ज़ निभाया, मुश्किलों  से हमें निजात दिलाया। जवानी हुई माँ भारती को समर्पित, देश आपकी कुर्वानी पर गर्वित शत्रु की फौज या भाड़े के उग्रवादी, हमारी सेना करती इनकी बरबादी उरी की कायरता का दिया करारा जवाब,बराबर कर डाला सारा हिसाब दुनियाँ ने देखा उस देश का पराक्रम,जो बरतता  था हमेशा से संयम आओ सैनिकों के संग दिवाली मनाएं,राष्ट्र हित में एकजुटता दिखायें। 
0 0 Road accidents death one every 4 minute in india. Worst record in the world. What steps are being taken to reduce it.as this wd go worst with better roads. Corrective as well as punitive measures to be taken. People taking accident victims to hospital should be awarded. Speed cameras must on highways , inter state record of culprit drivers. Non bailable in case of death. Heavy compensation to victim by the culprit 
0 0 Mai chahta hun ki is baar aap logo k andr poltics ko lekar baithi glt bhavna p baat kre . Or jo parties tickets deti hain agr kl tk jo dusre party m the tb tk bhrst the pr jb koi dusre party m aa gye to achhe . Agr koi party chhod k gye to gdar . Agr koi aa jaaye to hirday parivartn .aapki in pr kya soch hai logo ko btaye .kuchh log poltics ko glt logo ki chiz maante hain pr politics sirf imandar or schhe logo ki hai .kyunki des ko hum glt logo ko chlane k liye nhi d skte .But you are great 
0 0 No wonder there are wholesome of B.Tech colleges these days in India due to which many tech youth are facing problems after graduation to settle down in therr respective fields. "Growing number of students and less availabilty of soo called good jobs is the prime matter of concern". I would like you to share your views and conclusion regarding it. 
0 0 digital india is awesome programme but it is ineffective due to digital divide. somehow if it could be eliminated then definetly we can assure e-kranti. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I heartly feel that Government should fix a criteria for fighting the elections. I think that a politician must be graduated, no police case in past. And a written test and finally interview. And after all that he can be eligible for fighting the elections. Written test and interviews should be conducted by IAS officers and JUDGES of high court. if you are graduated then you have knowledge and may be less corrupt. But I know that it is not possible. 
2 0 Dear Modi ji I respect you for your many initiatives which were never taken before by previous govts. Sir,I live in Kolkata yet my heart bleeds for the Kashmiri people.I don't understand why even some of them are not proud to call themselves as Indians.Kashmir is a jewel for India and it's turmoil is sad for us. I would feel highly obliged if you kindly address them directly in your next Man ki baat speech. I request you to include action plans to include Kashmiris into main stream India. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM, I would be glad if you would discuss about the pride we must take for being an Indian so that the younger generation may feel blessed about being born in this country and they become affirmative regarding the nation's development and start participating in social works considering country's progress. 
0 0 प्रिय प्रधान मंत्री जी, मैं छात्र हूँ, और अपने दैनिक जीवन में तमाम तरह की कोचिंग क्लासेज का प्रचार देखता हूँ. एक ही छात्र को बार बार पर्चा पकड़ा दिया जाता हैं! जिसमे बहुत पेपर की बर्बादी होती हैं! बहुत दुःख होता हैं पर्यावरण को नष्ट होते देख! इलाहाबाद और मुखर्जी नगर (दिल्ली) में ये आम बात हैं! कृपया इन सब से आग्रह करे की प्रचार का कोई सुगम मार्ग अपनाए! 
0 0 नमस्ते मोदी जी । विकास के नाम पर कार्यक्रम तो बहुत हो गए बस अब कार्य करने की देर है । समय है अपने मंत्रिमंडल और प्रशासनिक अधिकारिओ के रिपोर्ट कार्ड जांचने का । आपकी मंशा पर इन्हें शंका है शायद तो कार्यो में बड़ी ढील दिखाई दे रही है । 0 टॉलरेंस की नीति शाषन और प्रशाषन  पर भी लागु कर दीजिए।। इच्छाशति जितनी आपकी है देश का सुधार करने की उतनी ही इन लोगो की है न होने देने की । तो कृपया कुछ कीजिए ।। धन्यवाद 
1 0 Govt has made nice initiative and made one good apps "Khoya Paya" but people are not aware about it. We have seen people are circulating message of missing and found people. If you just mentioned once it in "Maan Ki Baat" program  then whole nation will aware about it and people get one solid platform for resolving missing child issue. 
0 0 Govt has made nice initiative and made one good apps "Khoya Paya" but people are not aware about it. We have seen people are circulating message of missing and found people. If you just mentioned once it on man killed Nagar then whole nation will aware about it and people get one solid platform for resolving missing child issue. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister sir, I am attaching my idea regarding unemployment.Kindly go through my idea and please taken my idea into consideration. Thank you Regards Anmol Gupta Email id - akgupta2424@gmail.com Mobile - 9873421618 
0 0 Namaste Saheb.. Words of encouragement for families of our soldiers would be ideal choice for this episode of Man ki Baat, I would personally like you to announce Nationa fund for education of sons/daughters of martyrs. Provision must be there for empowerment of families of martyrs. Please let us know your thoughts on this. 
1 0 Namaskar to Sri. Narendara Modi sir, My suggestion to the government of India should start a project which will "Nuclear Sheild the enitre India".  I suggest the name of this project would be called "RAKSHA" (A telugu word which means PROTECTION). If this project completes successfully it will safeguard 1.3 billion people of India from nuclear threat. Now a days we see tensions all over the world especially some countries who are not more responsible in handling their nuclear tests and weapons. 
2 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I am a student of class 12th and this being my arra of interest urge you to pay forward some attention to it, I wanted to say that, Why only businessman and entrepreneurs are only chased by the income tax raids? Why not the bureaucrats and officials, who have multiple times more money than what businessmen have! And also that even being the highest taxpayers and the one who develops are chased! Rather than people with political background, who only gift backdrops. 
0 0 One nation one number There are so many issues like eveteasing, animal accidents, road accidents which goes unnoticed because of so many helpline numbers like 1091, 100 etc which varies from city to city . Why cant there be one number pan india and then when we call there the operator diverts the call to the concerned person/department . That way a lot of lives / appeals can be saved/made. That will be real india where people will feel a part of the change.  #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR,#PMOnRadio 
0 0 Hello Mr. prime minister, i want to share one thought through you  to the Indian people please gave side to the emergency vehicle because it's is necessary to save the patient life..... may be one time patient is not from our family but may be next time................... 
0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister, Due to arrival of winters and other factors, threat of pollution looming large on many parts including our NCR. Pollution is the mother to many maladies. We must admit to this problem with a sincere and fast tracked action since it is expected to go up exponentially. Holistic solutions lik traffic snarls can be tried to overcome by inviting competition to think through this problem, how can we decongest cities and lead the world by bringing innovation to improve th 
0 0 Dear Respected PM, Wishing you a HAPPY DIWALI. I am sure your positive mindset will take this nation to greater heights. This positive mindset is what I want you to focus for the nation to achieve transformation. Negativism kills benefits. Many tasks need to be accomplished and resolve is required. Similarly people should inculcate 'nek vichaar', spirit of sacrifice and concern for humans which is sadly missing. 
0 0 Namaste Modi Ji, I am a native of Bhagalpur, Bihar and I would like to draw your attention towards the extremely lethargic judiciary in our country. A court case has been going on my ancestral home for last 26 yrs. I belong to the 3rd generation who might get sucked into this seemingly never ending court case. My house is in extremely bad shape and needs repairs but due to the on going case we cannot do that. We have suffered too much, I request to do something to speed up the judiciary. 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री  जी का प्रोग्राम मन की  बात  अबकी बार दीपावली पर्व पर है माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी को इस दिवाली को प्रदूषण मुक्त बनाने का आग्रह जनता से करनी चाहिए, और दीपावली को स्वच्छता से जोड़ना चाहिए । माननीए प्रधानमंत्री जी यदि मन की बात मे मेरे इस दिल कि बात को शामिल करते है तो इस बात का असर दीपावली के बाद जरूर दिखाई देगा..............माननीए प्रधानमंत्री जी पर सौ प्रतिशत विश्वास है कि जरूर इस बात को अपने प्रोग्राम मे शामिल करेगे..............धन्यवाद। 
0 0 For the past 5 years I had never burst any firecrackers in Diwali for I had vowed not to pollute the environment.Thus I had saved some money.I want this money to be used by the ISRO and bring pride and prosperity for our country.I am not alone there are many like me but there is no way we can contribute to ISRO.Therefore I urge you to make a fund to which citizens can contribute for ISRO.I also urge you to appeal all citizens to contribute to this fund instead of bursting firecrackers. 
0 0 Thank you modiji for taking initiative for #sandesh2soldiers. You started that and within some days it become a mass movement across the country and people are happy and giving wishes to our soldiers. Everyone talking about #sandesh2soldiers. Truly sir your vision , leadership and thinking is great..Whole country is with our soldiers.... Happy diwali to all the indians #jai hind #happydiwali.. 
1 0 I myself tell narendramodi ji that it's a good mission. I like to even say the soldiers that all the best for jammu and kashmir. Hats off to u soldiers. And even diwali wishes from my side. ALL THE VERY BEST FIGHT FOR INDIA!!!! 
0 0 #MAANKIBAAT DEAR PM, IS IT POSSIBLE TO PRIVATISE OUR AGRICULTURAL SECTOR?LIKE INVESTING WITH MODERN EQUIPMENT AND TECHNOLOGY TO BOOST PRODUCTION. GOVT IS ALREADY REGULATING PRICES FOR FEW COMMODITIES IN THE MARKET BUT THERE IS STILL LACK OF MODERN MACHINES IN CORE AGRO SECTOR. IT IS POSSIBLE ONLY FOR A BIG COMPANY TO AFFORD HI-TECH MACHINES NOT POOR FARMERS.THE FARMERS COULD LEASE SUCH MACHINES FOR FEW DAYS FROM THE COMPANIES..ITS JUST AN IDEA AND AM SURE YOU COULD IMPLEMENT IT WITH BETTER WAY 
0 0 Suggestion :   Similar to Swatch Bharat Mission, Hunger Eradication Mission be implemented with full vigour to completely eradicate hunger and poverty from the nation within the next five years. 
0 0 सर जी, इस बार मन की बात कार्यक्रम में डांग जिले के नागली अन्न जैसे सैकड़ों अनाजों की समृद्ध धरोहर के बारे में देश को जागरूक कीजिए। यदि इन भूले-बिसरे बीजों का संरक्षण-संवर्द्धन किया जाए तो कुपोषण की समस्या का अपने आप खात्मा हो जाएगा। ये बीज बिना खाद-पानी के अनुर्वर मिट्टी पर उगाए जाते हैं। यदि सरकार इनके खरीब-बिक्री व पीडीएस के जरिए वितरित करने की योजना बनाए तो सही अर्थों में हरित क्रांति हो जाएगी। 
0 0 Ku na hm "diwali fund" banaye, jise se ki hm indians bhe soldier ko gift de sakee.hm civilian is fund mai money contribution kar sakte hai, jis se k soldiers ko logo k taraf se naye hi tech protection equipments de sake.kyoki agar wo safe rhenge toh hm safe rhenge, wo hai toh hmm hai. Issliye mai chata hu ki app loggo ko iske bare mai bataye ttaakee log thoda thoda contribute kar ke ek life saver pack un jawano ko de sake jo hmare raksha mai sadev deployed rhete hai.... Jai Hind. 
0 0 Modi sir ... please give ur brief comment on children upto the age of 10 years ... because i believe today it is very much necessary to guide these children in the right direction , to laid the  foundation of samrudh india ... jai hind... 
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, Happy Diwali Sir, this diwali pls send ur al party workers & ministers to celebrate diwali wid d family of martyred soldiers..#Sandesh2Soldiers 
0 0 On the occasion of Diwali, a segment of Mann Ki Baat should be dedicated to encourage people to resort to eco-friendly and pollution-free alternatives. 
0 0 Congratulation to our respected PM Narendra Modi Ji to take the right decision at right time for surgical stike against Pakistan, which is done by our brave soldiers of the Country and we hope next action against terrorist Country if that create next problem for our country people or for country. 
0 0 Sandeah se peta nahi bharatha aur us se sirf atma vishawas badatha he.kuch inam govt taraf se ya logon ki taraf se sena milni chahiye is festival par sir 
0 0 प्रधानमन्त्री जी स्वच्छ भारत अभियान के तहत गली और मोह्ल्ले को साफ रखने के लिये कूड़ा जलाया जा रहा है जो कि बिल्कुल गलत है, सर मै अपने आस पास लगातार ऐसा होता हुआ देख रहा हु | सर आप इस पर पूरे देशवासियो को जागरुक करे क्योकि प्रदूषण तो साफ सुथरा दिख़ने से ज्यादा ख़तरनाक है | 
0 0 Modi ji deepawali ko sandesh solders beejo bole the  hum ne vo kam kiya.magar iss festival me pura desh me vishesh taraha ke khane ke sweets banate hain.hamare ghar me bhi bana hain hum isko hamare soldires dekhe khana chahate hain iss  liye  modi ji app Soldires ko pahuchane ke liya kuch vishesh marg banaye that means as sandesh sending 
0 0 please share your views about the stray dog menace in the country in next #MannKiBaat, #PMOnRadio. Even though ultimate blame for this problem is the citizens them self, who pollute their surroundings and public space with there solid wastes, especially food leftovers; immediate solution lies in culling of the rabies affected stray dogs. ABC program works as a mid-term or long term solution, but by then many a lives would have been bitten to death by the mauling jaws of the kennel. 
0 0 RESPECTED PRIMEMINISTER, I WOULD LIKE TO SAY THAT YOUR GOVT. MUST WORK HARD FOR THE ACHIVEMENT OF A CLEAN INDIA BY 2020 
1 0 Dear Sir, we really appreciate your work to make India Better. But we also need to consider the World Bank ranking and my little advice is kindly make separate committee of all state minister and central ministers(industry wise) which can communicate with world bank or other international authorities, and take necessary step and implement it on national and state level like GST council. It will help to accelerate decision making and making uniform law all over India. 
2 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर प्रणाम। #sandesh2soliders यानि सैनिको को दीपावली की शुभकामनाए। सर्वमंगल की आकांक्षा के प्रकाश पर्व (दीपावली) की शुभकामनाये और अनंत मंगलकामनाये। एक दीया उन वीर सपूतो के नाम जो भारत माता की बलिवेदि पर शहीद हो गए, एक दीया उन जाँबाज सैनिको के नाम जो हमारे सुख चैन के लिए सीमा पर हमेशा मुस्तैद है। हमारे देश के सैनिक भारत माता की रक्षा के लिए पूर्ण समर्पण और प्रतिबध्दता के साथ मोर्चो पर डटे है।तभी हम सभी यहाँ सुख चैन से दीपावली का महान उत्सव मना पा रहे है। आपका गौतम पाल मेरठ 
0 0 "Happy deewali" Hamare pyare desh ke fouziyo. Hamme garv hai aap par. "aap Jo border pe saal ke 365 din aur raat desh ke security me lage rahte hai." [And special "happy deewali" P.M. SHRI NARENDRA MODI JI KO.] 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर प्रणाम। #sandesh2soliders यानि सैनिको को दीपावली की शुभकामनाए। सर्वमंगल की आकांक्षा के प्रकाश पर्व (दीपावली) की शुभकामनाये और अनंत मंगलकामनाये। एक दीया उन वीर सपूतो के नाम जो भारत माता की बलिवेदि पर शहीद हो गए, एक दीया उन जाँबाज सैनिको के नाम जो हमारे सुख चैन के लिए सीमा पर हमेशा मुस्तैद है। हमारे देश के सैनिक भारत माता की रक्षा के लिए पूर्ण समर्पण और प्रतिबध्दता के साथ मोर्चो पर डटे है।तभी हम सभी यहाँ सुख चैन से दीपावली का महान उत्सव मना पा रहे है। आपका गौतम पाल मेरठ 
0 0 Hon. Sir, My inputs for the Mann Ki Baat is attached as a PDF file herewith, Kindly consider. thank you, Prof. mr. Shekhar Salunke 
0 0 I am a small investor in equities. My mail id is registered with the depository. Despite this, I receive hard copies of Annual Reports from all companies. I think small investors hardly read annual reports.Companies are spending a lot,WASTING PAPER and damaging environment. Instead they should e-mail links of their reports to all investors. Will result in saving a lot of paper, in turn helping environment. Companies will save on printing, courier charges etc. 
0 0 अगर निकाह के समय वधु से तीन बार कबूल करवाया जाता है तो तलाक एक तरफ़ा क्यूँ । प्रधानमन्त्री जी से मेरा इतना ही आग्रह है कि तीन तलाक भी बिना पत्नी की रजामन्दी के जायज नहीं माना जाना चाहिये । कोई किसी भी धर्म का हो लेकिन दोनों पक्षों की मोजूदगी में तलाक की नौबत की पूरी समीक्षा और कानूनी अनुमति के बिना कोई भी तलाक अवैध माना जाना चाहिये | 
0 0 PRADHAN MANTREE SIR SUGHAMYA BHARAT ABHIYAN HAS BEEN LAUNCHED ON 3RD DECEMBER 2015 ON WORLD DISABILITY DAY. IT IS GOOD TO MAKE OLD BUILDINGS DISABLED FRIENDLY BUT MY HEART AND MIND HURTS WHEN I SEE NEW INFRASTRUCTURE UNDER CONSTRUCTION IS NOT BARRIER FREE. COLLEGE, HOSPITAL, VOCATIONAL TRAINING, POLYTECHNIC BUILDINGS, COLLECTOR OFFICES AND MINI SECRETARIAT BUILDINGS IN NEWLY ESTABLISHED DISTRICTS IN j&k ARE  UNDER CONSTRUCTION BUT NOT A SINGLE RAMP EXISTS, SAME IS CASE WITH OTHER PLACES COUNTRY 
0 0 sir,please club different medical sistems.plant medicinal plants both side of national highways. punishment would be given one who pollute rivers. 
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री  जी का प्रोग्राम मन की  बात  अबकी बार दीपावली पर्व पर है माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी को इस दिवाली को प्रदूषण मुक्त बनाने का आग्रह जनता से करनी चाहिए, और दीपावली को स्वच्छता से जोड़ना चाहिए । माननीए प्रधानमंत्री जी यदि मन की बात मे मेरे इस दिल कि बात को शामिल करते है तो इस बात का असर दीपावली के बाद जरूर दिखाई देगा..............माननीए प्रधानमंत्री जी पर सौ प्रतिशत विश्वास है कि जरूर इस बात को अपने प्रोग्राम मे शामिल करेगे..............धन्यवाद। 
0 0 sir, our country man wants to have consumer awareness while purchase small products like Toys, FMCG goods, etc.,. at least they want to have some basic aware of place of manufacture, expire date, quality, etc., 
0 0 G eve honourable sir, 1. Please control chinese products (toys, crakers, electronics) in a market. 2. please give awarness to peoples for E waste. 3. please  make a historical place and mention there names for military persons , who died for nation 
0 0 Second one is about roadside animals, I am not against there lives but in a town nearby Sambhalheda in Muzaffarnagar a mnia dog has bitten many people and worse of it the anti Rabies vaccine RABIPUR or other is not available in CHC even in the district commercial  wholesale drug market. whih leads to people with low income to only pray to god that they dont get Rabies. And those who are economically sound has to go to 60 km. to Meerut to purchase it.I dont know what i should accept further. 
0 0 Please spread the message- ON ROAD,NO SPITTING WHILE WALKING OR DRIVING.SAY NO TO SPITTING ON ROADS AND PUBLIC PLACES.KEEP INDIA CLEAN AND GREEN.JAI HIND. 
0 0 Sir, we need to be self disciplined and have self audit card for each citizen for Safety - road rules, cleanliness, do not disturb others, respect for country and countrymen, soldiers like it is followed in most of the corporate companies Need to embedd these kind of points in the blood and nature. 
0 0 sir, as my duty as a youth i would like to bring your attention towards the increasing consumption of 'PAN MASALA, Khaini, Tobacco' in urban as well as rural area.It's increasing by leaps and bounds. Even the buses of govt. transport corps has large banners promoting these injurious stuff. apart from it Ads. and serials are promoting to consume  alcohol without specific warning are normal. So the question rise when last year you sir talked about addiction didnt your agenies put any ear to it? 
0 0 Viraj Chandrakant Ravale, Dhule,Maharashtra. The Government of Maharashtra has approved 3600 crore for statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj which will be standing in Arabian Sea Mumbai,Instead of investing this money on statue it should be invested in improving the condition of forts of Maharashtra which are our real Indian Tourist heritage 
0 0 TO,								Dated: 27th October 2016 Shri.Narendrabhai Damodardas Modiji, Honorable Prime Minister of India, 7, Lok Kalyan Marg, New Delhi. Firstly, I must introduce myself, My Name is Madhusudhan Rao aged 63 years, Practicing as Advocate at Newly formed Nagarkurnool District of Telangana State since lase 25 years. Adaraniya Pradhan Mantriji, I would like to submit the following few lines for kind information of Union Government of India in connection with Judicial appointments which ar 
0 0 Respected Modi ji, The condition of governement based education need to be improved. Please open the teaching opportunities in such schools for all, so that many youths, retired personnels, can voluntarily provide educational services. Please increase accountability of existing high paid teachers. Modi ji. please ask due social respect for professions like nursimg. Technician, teaching. Pls focus on PRIMARY health and PRIMARY education. 
0 0 TO,								Dated: 27th October 2016 Shri.Narendrabhai Damodardas Modiji, Honorable Prime Minister of India, 7, Lok Kalyan Marg, New Delhi. Firstly, I must introduce myself, My Name is Madhusudhan Rao aged 63 years, Practicing as Advocate at Newly formed Nagarkurnool District of Telangana State since lase 25 years. Adaraniya Pradhan Mantriji, I would like to submit the following few lines for kind information of Union Government of India in connection with Judicial appointments which ar 
0 0 Your Excellency, I would like to suggest to you to name the yet to be named Indian Navy's indigenous Aircraft Carrier under construction in Cochin Shipyard either as:- - INS Netaji or - INS Azad Hind or, - INS Jai Hind to honor Subhas Chandra Bose an icon in Indian history and a significant figure of the Indian independence movement who revived and led the Indian National Army. This would also give an impetus to your initiative #Sandesh2Soldiers to express our gratitude to them. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister and our HERO Modijee we the Kerala swayam sevak's family  need to live without fear.Especially in Kanoor we are suffering to live. As a swayam sevak we are not afraid to enemies and ready to death for the country, but  people like our mother , father, sisters and kids are afraid to sleep at nights. If they cannot sleep under your rule then when ?? its a normal question from all of our relatives to you sir ... #NeedCentralForceInKannoor ... Its not our request Its our demand.. 
0 0 PLEASE AVOID COSTLY FLOWER POTS GIVING TO VVIP TIME OF VIST OR TOUR 
0 0 Respected PM sir, I would like to hear more on triple talaq. Sir I would like to say that it really pinch when people politicises actions on border and it would demoralizes our soldiers. Such things should be kept out of police if people can't admire it..let defence do what's in the favour of nation.. 
0 0 Dear Modiji, Our Home guards are a potent force that are not given due recognition as their experti is not fully utilized. Kindly consider including them in the NDRF. Also request you to instruct state governments to use the services of Home guards during festivities and religious gatherings, instead of using our over-stretched (and hence over-stressed) police force. It will ensure better utilization of home guards and will allow the police force to focus on law enforcement. 
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, I am here to represent youth of India. Sir,  We having ideas for business. But because of lack of opportunities and financial supports.  We can't apply our ideas into reality. Mr. Prime Minister, I urge you to think about this matter and take some actions to solve this issue. Thank you and hope for positive reply. Best Regards, Maulik Chovatiya. 
0 0 Dear Sir, recently Neelam Katara (mother of honour killing victim Nitish Katara) said on a popular news show, that she would like to see a Safe In India campaign first, because one cannot Make In India unless we are safe and free to live a dignified life. The macabre murders of young women in metropolitan cities like Delhi and Chennai only further drive home this point. A nationwide,long term campaign to address the pressing issue of Safety, esp. of Women, must be initiated. #AIR #MannKiBaat 
0 0 IN j&k THE NUMBER OF PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES HAS BEEN INCREASING BUT THE PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES HAVE BEEN FACING IMMENSE CHALLENGES WITHOUT SOCIAL, EDUCATIONAL AND ECONOMIC REHABILITATION. AROUND HUNDRED PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES HAVE OLDAGED PARENTS AND NO ONE IS MAKING FAMILIES WITH THEM DUE TO STIGMAS AND STEREOTYPE. KINDLY DIRECT CORPORATE SECTOR, BANKS, UNIVERSITIES AND OTHER AUTONOMOUS BODIES TO EMPLOY EDUCATED PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES SO THAT AT LEAST ECONOMIC REHABILITATI S ENSURED 
0 0 Modiji, when things are improving on all fronts, can we let our national broadcaster Doordarshan lag behind ? I stay in Singapore and we have access to every major national channel in the world be it US, China, Japan or other countries and we seee how they use their channel to showcase their countries. Can Doordarshan also pull up its socks and present the India story to the world in a much more compelling and convincing way ? Hope the IB ministry will take note of this suggestion.Happy Diwali! 
0 0 मोदी जी कृपया उन बच्चो के बारे में भी सोचे जो इस दिवाली भी अपने घर पर नहीं है यानि एक ऐसी पीढ़ी जिसका घर ही नहीं है वो सड़को पर ज़िन्दगी बिताते है वो भीख मांग कर ही अपना पेट पालते है कूड़ा करकट उठा कर ही गुजारा करते हैं। उनकी कितनी पीढियां गुजर गई कितनी गुजर जायँगी उनकी ज़िंदगी ऐसे ही चलती रहेगी। ये भी हमारे भारत का अभिन्न अंग है कृपया इन बच्चो की दीवाली भी अच्छे से बीते इस पर भी कुछ काम करना चाहिए। एक बहुत ही मार्मिक कविता मैंने इन पर लिखी है कृपया एक बार पढ़े । #mannkibaat #mygov #air 
0 0 Dear Modiji, When we speak of valour and selfless service, we miss out on appreciating services of our Fire personnel. Kindly consider bringing the Fire Force/ brigade under NDRF. That will not only give them the due national recognition, it will also help scale up their current skills and morale. Additionally, they will be a force multiplier in disaster situations as their skills/ expertise/ experience can be used at a national level. They will also have a better career progression. 
0 0 Principle for being the Sovereign Country:- "Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan, Jai Vidyan, Jai Insan" Jai Jawan - To maintain sovereignty, Jai Kisan - To be independent in all means, Jai Vidyan - For the prosperity of Society, Jai Insan - For the betterment of "Vishwa". & to maintain the ethics of the humanity. 
0 0 माननीय PM Sir February month में अाप जो बजट पेश करने वाले है उसमे भी जनता की राय होनी चाहिए... 
0 0 सरहद पर खड़े हर वीर योद्धा को सलाम करते हैं, मर मिटते है जो वतन की खातिर उनको हम प्रणाम करते हैं। शुक्र गुजार हैं मोदी जी आपके जो ये खास मौका दिया हमे, दिवाली के इस पावन त्यौहार का हम अपने भाइयो को पैगाम देते हैं खुशियों से भर दे खुदा झोली आपकी, आपको और आपके परिवार के नाम दीपों का त्यौहार करते हैं। #sandesh2soldier #mannkibaat #air मेरा ये सन्देश मेरे देश के जवानी जवानों तक जरूर पँहुचा दे। 
0 0 Dear Modiji, 1) Under Swachh Bharat, there should be guidelines issued with respect to disposing of electronic waste, plastic/ polythene products, any other kind of waste that can adversely impact the environment. These guidelines should be included in school & college curriculum. Volunteer groups should be created to bring about awareness in societies, slums, offices, communities & other groups, sanitary workers, etc. 
0 0 Dear Modiji, While hoisting our national flag during Independence and Republic day at schools, housing societies, offices, parks, etc, we should "honour" our security personnel/ soldiers by inviting them to hoist the flag instead of local politicians/ school principals/ housing society members. The young impressionable minds of our society will also get to see first-hand the "honour" in selfless service to the nation given by our security personnel/ soldiers. 
1 0 प्रधानमंत्रीजी, मैंने पहले भी आपको लिखा था कि प्रधानमंत्री राहत कोष में भारत के बच्चों और आर्थिक रूप से निर्धन नागरिकों को सहयोग के लिए उत्साहित करने की दृष्टि से 1 रुपये से 100 रुपये की छोटी धनराशि भेजने की सुविधा प्रदान की जाये. क्या डाक घरों के माध्यम से यह नहीं हो सकता कि जब, जितनी बार मन हो अंशदान भेजा जा सके. हमारे 125 करोड़ देशवासी मिलकर बहुत योगदान कर सकते हैं. इससे आप जरूरतमंद लोगों को अधिक सहयोग कर सकेंगे साथ ही जो योगदान भेजेंगे वे गर्व अनुभव करेंगे कि देश के लिए सहयोग कर पा रहे हैं. 
0 0 सिद्धि: धर्मार्थकामेषु कामये भवतामहम् । सुखपूर्णो भवेदेष: दीपावली-महोत्सव: ॥ किरोडी-सिंह: संस्कृत-संवर्धन-प्रतिष्ठानम् , नव-देहली 
0 0 Dear Modiji, We pray "Annah data sukhi bhava" before meals, for the wellbeing of our farmer community. We should have a similar prayer for well being of our security personnel/ soldiers. "Raksha Karta sukhi bhava" (or something better), before we retire to bed every night. This is for the well being of our security personnel, irrespective of which uniform they wear i.e. whether from Indian Military/ Indian Police/ NIA/ NDRF/ CBI/ Intelligence agencies or any other security agency). 
0 0 Please sincerely think about Social security of Sr.citizens of our country. We the Middle class sr. Citizens who retires from Govt.Undertakings and Pvt Companies, we do not hv Pension.we live on interest of Small savings and FD, where u are reducing rate of Interest but cost of all daily essentials are going up as u could not control inflation. More over u are increasing salary of Govt.Employees which create further inflation.Kindly increase interest rate of small Saving &100%hike of EPF Pension 
0 0 . It is reported that large number of goods, drugs, arms and fake currency comes to India from Pakistan via border routes and from India smugglers exchanges materials to Pakistan. And this illegal trade across the border should be stopped forever. And all the Chinese product should be banned in india . As the chinese products are termed to be poor quality products.   Central Government should send an unambiguous message to the china and Pakistan. 
0 0 The private vehicles to make easy money run trips everyday by flouting norms. And these vehicles should be seized and be penalized heavily. And these vehicles are recipe for disaster. The traffic police -transport department must come up with definite, concrete and workable solutions to prevent this violations.  Most private vehicles are used for commercial purposes and are overloaded with their prescribed capacity. These violations of vehicles are unchecked. 
0 0 There are several issues seen and some of them as also been reported that school van drivers and also private vans and autos carrying school children\'s flout violations in Bangalore is worrysome. Seen especially in Bangalore south. The traffic police a transport department should crackdown these vehicles which flout norms and violations. And these vehicles are not following Apex court directives and principles laid on them for the safety of student. 
0 0 .  But the recent report that ACB of the state conducted raids in several places seized cash and documents showing coded diary entires of payoff’s to officials and politicians.  The Central government should look in to this matter of misuse of Aadhaar cards, as its stakes are pretty high, with supreme Court yet to give its consent to make it mandatory document. 
0 0 The NDA Government has identified Aadhaar as the single most effective tool to deliver food grins, fertilizers, kerosene and LPG subsidies to target the beneficiaries with minimum leakage.  Most of the Aadhaar card are linked to the ration card across the country.  The State Governments should conduct the investigations on the possible misuses of Aadhaar numbers. 
1 0 R.K. AGNIHOTRI						E –8/30, Basant Kunj Arera Colony, M.Sc., LLB., IPS							Bhopal- 462039 D.G. Police (Retd.)    							Tel: 4271964, 2563544, 4229389(Fax) Member of DRUCC,							Mobile: 9303138353 W.C.Rly.									E-mail: rk_agnihotri@yahoo.co.in Date-: 27/10/2016 izfr] ije vknj.kh; Jh ujsUnz nkeksnjnkl eksnh] Hkkjr ds iz/kkuea=h] iz/kkuea=h fuokl] ubZ fnYyh fo"k; % vkids vxys jk"VªO;kih Hkk"k.k ds fy;s lkexzh vknj.kh; iz/kkuea=hth] eSa pkgwWaxk fd vki egRoiw.kZ volj 
0 0 Fight noise pollution created by unnecessary Horning on the roads. 1.	Counsel all driving schools to inculcate the spirit of “Consideration” to fellow drivers and pedestrians and discourage the need to horn unless faced with a dangerous situation. 2.	Strict instructions may be given to all Government institutions to follow “Horn only if you absolutely must”. Provide incentives to compliant drivers who show the most patience. 3.	Run a campaign on all media, featuring celebrities if necessary 
0 0 please give me justice as no one is listening my problems.NAVNEET KUMAR S/O OM PRAKASH SAMMAN GARDEN CAMPBELL ROAD BALA GANJ THAKUR GANJ LUCKNOW U. P. 
0 0 In this case most of the employees are women who work in deplorable conditions do not have enough leaves and have to toil very hard.  Most of the workers are not payroll and work like labourers.  Most of the women workerers were yet to marry and they have to earn to save for their marriage as they cannot depend on their parents due to the poverty. 
0 0 The government should focus on the garment workers and also who works in private company and establishments, getting low salaries and job insecurity of lakhs of workers.  These workers are paid poorly and they also risk in losing their jobs as factories, private companies and establishment often shut down operations without no reasons.  An average worker earn just Rs. 5000/- to 6000/- PM with no benefits other than PF and ESI and gratuity. 
0 0 The film maker was made to pay Rs. 5 Cr to an army fund as penance for engaging a Pakistani artist is a worst part of deal.  This amount to a extortion or bribe which criminals take to ensure the running of normal business.  Bringing the army in to this political deal is bad. The claim that the payment was voluntary cannot be believed at all.  It is like the police telling the trader to pay the protection money to the street thug. 
0 0 contd.......The constitutional principle is that equal pay for equal work. 
0 0 Employer paying less wages to temporary staff at times described as daily wage employees, adhoc appointees,casual & contractual basis & the like is indulging in an act of exploitative enslavement emerging out of a domineering position.As they performs the same duties and responsibilities.It is fallacious to determine artificial parameters to deny fruits of labours.He has to provide food & shelters to his family at the cost of his self respect,dignity,self worth & his integrity. 
0 0 Respected hon'rable sir, I'm a student of the junta, my village very bad 👎 because my sarpanch didn't care about the village,even now no communication with public and also main problem is drinking water and no travels any problem with health to 150km,he is corrupt and drunker mainly no power here.so many times complaints given to my collector office 🏢 didn't care...my village is forest area and tower problem even collector also did not came here sir I hope you will help us please please sir. 
0 0 Dear Sir: Happy Deepavali. My name is Saraswathi Pemmaiah. Sir, yesterday while watchin news in DD Chandana, I watched people in Kumta Taluk expressing their pain about no buyers for Clay Lamps and items made of clay, which is environment friendly. Sir, I feel instead of burnin thousands to lakhs of money on buying crackers and polluting environment or electronic lights or lamps, we all should buy clay lamps and lit them and spread roshni all over and happiness and celebrate fest meaningfully 
0 0 Hello Sir Namaskar me ek indian hu  me kahna chata hu ki jo abhi desh me serjical strick hui h or jo padosi desh se aye din firing ho rhi h or uske chalte jo desh ki yuva pidhi h uska kadi gahra asar hua or jo pura dhyan divert hua h to uske chalte sab ki study , kam-kaj me kafi girawat ayi h so mera dil se nivedan h ki aap is topic ko bi thoda logo tk pahuchaye jis se logo me dobara se vohi aatmvishvas aaye or sabhi apne carier per consentrate  kre Dhanyawad sir 
1 0 Respected PrimeMinister, My suggestion is to speak for those who are homeless and poor..this Diwali..Let us light DEEP in their Lives. sharing sweets and crackers with them and will hope one day India will be free from Poverty/Homelessness/Hunger.. deepawali k Shubhkamnayein.. 
0 0 I believe you are aware of objections made by Indian Armed Forces in 7th pay commission reports.But I don't understand why there is so much disparity in Soldiers and their civilian counterparts,why they have to fight for what they deserve?The disability pension for an Additional Secretary is Rs70,000 and that of a three-star General only Rs 27,000,it should be SAME ATLEAST.The odds of a man in uniform getting injured is several times more likely than that of the civilian counterpart. 
0 0 girls and women are portrayed in bad image that film should not be screened. Only where women and girls are treated well that country will be prosperous. Thank you 
0 0 they are spoilt by the cinemas. They unmindfully emit wrong sentiments just to have a box office hit be it Tamil movie or Hindi movie. Please instruct the Sensor board members that they should not give simply clearance to all films. Vulgarity in films should be totally avoided. Liquor drinking scenes are prevalent in large number in tamil films. The Broadcasting Minister should openly declare that such films will not be cleard for screening. A ruling should also be issued that in films where gir 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, My Diwali wishes to you. REcently we went to (me and my family) Ahmedabad. That place was very clean. Road were properly laid and people are so humble and hard working. The developments showed the efforts of your measures to bring the State to the path of progress. Secondly, lot of young girls are being victimised for all wrong thoughts of boys. Not only boys many grown up male also misbehave with girls in public place. It is maainly because they are spoil 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir, I am studying in IIT roorkee and i worked for ngo for last three years . Many village besides my college are not good. let me give u example, a village (Khanjarpur) near my college what i see there girl are not promoting for study after 8th standard because in that village there is no school (from 9th to 12th ).so there parents not allow there children (specially girls) to go outside for further education.kindly do somethings so that a school should be open there. 
0 0 please work on employment of students... 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आपके द्वारा शुरू की गई मुहिम sandeshtosoldiers सराहनीय है। इस सन्दर्भ में मैं एक सुझाव देने की इच्छा रखता हूँ।सवा सौ करोड लोगों के इस देश में यदि सभी अपने सैनिक भाइयों के लिए स्नेह रखते हैं तो उनके लिए कुछ खास करने की आवश्यकता है।'जय जवान'नाम की एक मुहिम शुरू की जाए जिसके तहत लोगों द्वारा प्रति माह कुछ धन राशि सैनिको हेतु जमा की जाए।इस राशि से सैनिकों के लिए सुरक्षा संसाधन उपलब्ध कराये जाए ताकि वह सुरक्षित रहे। अगर मा 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir ! Just now saw your cabinet decision on paying additional 2% DA for Central Govt. Employees, who are possibly Below Poverty Level, Fine ! You are doing really good job for C G Employees, BPL, SC/ST, Tribals, Muslim and others without doubt. I don't fall in any of those categories, and a belong to a cast which any government care less ! Other than Income Tax Department, nobody cares about people like me ! How to survive ? 
0 0 Manniya Pradhan Mantri Gi, Mera apko pranam. Mera apse nivedan hai k hamare desh men sarkari karmachari jo nichle star par kaam karte hai unke safety ka kam dhayn rakha jaata hai jaise safai karmachari k pass hand gloves,nose mask nahi hote,waise hi hamare traffic police k pass bhi nose mask nahi hote.Ye mene apne daily life men observe kiya hai aur agar hai to we istemaal nahi kar rahe. Mera nivedan hai aap is baat par jara circular jrur jaari kare taaki we swasta rahe. Dhanyaawad. 
0 0 Resp. Sir, While #Sandesh2Soldiers is no doubt a noble & excellent gesture, I wd also request you to exhort our brothers & sisters to show a similar solidarity with so many people who're all touching our lives daily, such as MILKBOY, who wakes us up every day morning, PAPERBOY.., Who feeds us the medium of wisdom / knowledge every day morning, or SO MANY COUNTLESS & FACELESS, YET VERY USEFUL KACHRA NIKALNEWALA, ISTRIWALA, SABJIWALA, CYCLE REPAIR WALA, CHOTA DUKAAN WAALA ET AL. #SANDESH2ALL! 
0 0 Sir, I am working with one of our Locality associations trying to promote "Segregated solid waste management" in our locality. We are facing an uphill task convincing residents to segregate and give waste to primary collection team. We believe if your talks can include this segregation of waste into compostable(bio-degradable), re-cycleable/re-usable and discardable types then the local associations will find it easier to take the message to people. 
0 0 Resp. Sir, #Sandesh2Soldiers is a wonderful initiative to show the solidarity of 1.25 Billion with our Armed Forces and join the entire nation in wishing our Soldiers for A VERY HAPPY AND DE'LIGHTFUL DEEPAVALI. TAMASOMA JYOTIRGAMAYA.....LET THE DEEPAVALI LIGHTS REMOVE THE DARKNESS AROUND AND BRIGHTEN THE LIVES OF ONE & ALL INDIANS, BE THEY ANYWHERE, AT THE BORDER OR ELSEWHERE! Every Indian is thankful, grateful & proud of our armed forces!JAI HIND..JAI JAWAN..BHARAT MATA KI JAI!!! 
0 0 Dear Sir One activity that affects every single one of us Indians is agriculture. The state of our farmers continues to remain miserable despite a multitude of measures by successive governments. Agriculture in our country remains highly dependent upon weather elements. The sector remains disorganized with farmer trying to optimize resources from people around for all activities of cultivation, irrigation, monitoring and harvesting. Please encourage a mobile app for pooling of agri resources. 
0 0 Hon.Sir, Submitting my views on topic entitled "Piggery farming: Best alternative for disposal of food waste/ Kitchen waste or Hotel waste" (Please go through attachment). Submitted 
0 0 DEAR SIR WE DEEPLY GRIEVED WHEN OUR SOLDIERS ARE MARTYRED IN THE BATTLEFIELD. VERY FEW INSURANCE COMPANIES OFFER  INSURANCE OR LOANS TO SOLDIERS.CAN THE GOVT START A TERM INSURANCE PLAN FOR SOLDIERS  .THE AMOUNT SHOULD BE AT LEAST 25 LACS. BECAUSE MOST OF THEM ARE VERY YOUNG AND THE AMOUNT THEY EARNED TILL DATE IS VERY VERY LESS TO REPAY LOANS OR OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES . 
0 0 #MannkiBaat Dear Sir, I want to draw your attention towards the CHILD LABOUR issues. Please motivate the pubic to speak-up against Child labour. We see many places where the small childrens are working in the age of their study but we can't raise voice against it. Now in the seasons of festivals lots of child workers are working in various factories. Please tell the public about regarding laws and scheme against the Child labour. 
0 0 Dear Sir.... Hm MIRZAPUR k niwasi h, jo ki VARANASI k pas ka area h, Hamare aas paas k district me bahut sare BUNKAR Handloom aur Powerloom pr bunai karte h... lekin inme se lag-bhag 95% Bunkar Family me ya to shiksha nahi h, ya bahut km h..... Isliye aap se vinamr nivedan h ki aap in Bunkaro sahit desh k tamam bunkaro me MAN KI BAT dwara SHIKSHA k prati josh bharne ki kripa kare.... FROM..................... NAUSHAD AHMAD 7860465022 
0 0 happy diwali to all my soldirs. Jai Hind Jai Bharat 
0 0 Mere sabhi sainik bhandu ko pranam.Agar hum chain se sans le rahe to sirf apke ke karan. Hum night me chain se so rahe hai to sirf apke karan.Mai bhi apki tarh desh seva karna chata hu. A very happy diwali to all of you.thanks a lot. JAI HIND JAI BHARAT. 
0 0 Respected Sir, With reference to our jawans, there is a lot of talk about them on TV chat shows and even during rallys. But till date our jawans and their families have to pay some nominal amount for travel. Why cant we have a budget allotted only for jawans and their families for all facilities as given to ministers? I am happy to pay for the betterment of brave soldiers and their families, who fight in border so that we are safe. JAI HIND 
0 0 Dear Sir. U please talk about the 1. proper use and save of electricity in all offices, corporate sectors 2.Sincere and Punctual working nature of government employees in the office. 3.Food habit and sound health of young people in strengthen of Mother India From Dr. Prakash H T Technical officer (S&R) Dept. Of Food and PD QCC Lucknow 
0 0 Respected Sir, Everytime we see there are all Party flags everywhere, there is no INDIA flag during any rally or visit of any minister. This is my country and the flag represents that am an INDIAN, rather people are more interested in letting others know that they belong to a particular party. We see big posters of different party more than our FLAG. Is our FLAG only restricted to 15th August and 26th January? 
1 0 Respected Sir, With Respectfully, I (Arvind Kumar Chauhan) would like to share some thoughts with Prime minister, that our country is no shortage of talent in India but due to reservation, most of literate people can not achieve/get their aim.i hope that you will think better for remove of it or amendment.i am writing this to get positive response at your end. Kindly remove reservation heartly. Thanks & regards, Your well wisher Arvind Kumar Chauhan Vill+Po-Satha Distt-Aligarh 
0 0 In our Country no one will get money if he doesn't work.and it will be decided by their Boss or employer we can say. Now the point is Why All MP'S and MLA'S have self certified right to increase their salary by their own and when time came related to increase the salary all parties will agree for salary which is highest. But when it comes to national Interest they divided into different parties and don't run the parliament so why should government not take a stand on "NO WORK NO PAY"#MannKibaat 
0 0 We r working for transformation and transparency so how much all political parties are interested in this????  or they just want to continue like they are now????? 
0 0 Message for Ban Tabbaco Product 
0 0 sir, The Government is talk about Smart Cities and also Declared a List of various cities. But my concern is that we don't have enough facilities in our metro cities like Mumbai, Ahmedabad etc...  In rain season the roads will stuck and crack. so throw some idea about this that first of all how the Municipal Corporation will work concrete on this. Because you already have allocated budgets for this so check out that your budget shall not be used for past work and for only recerfacing. 
0 0 Counting mainly for money transaction 10,20,30etc should be displayed in local language of the state and in English and Hindi at the station. 
0 0 MOST DIRTIEST CITY IN INDIA - KALYAN DOMBIVALI MAHARASHTRA SIR BECAUSE OF DIRTYNESS SO MANY PEOPLE, YOUTH DIED IN HAJI MALANG ROAD, KALYAN EAST SIR BEFORE SOME DAY AGO PRATIBHA AGE 20 KILLED BY HEAVY LOADED TRUCK, SIR IT IS IMPORTANT FOR NATION THAT DIRTYNESS SHOULD STOP AND ROAD SHOULD BE SAFE, SIR IF YOU MENTION DIRTYEST CITY NAME KALYAN DOMIVAILI MIGHT BE SOMETHING GOOD WILL HAPPEND IN CITY PLEASE MENTION IT, IT IS VERY IMPORTATN FOR MY NATION MY STATE, MY CITY, THANKS 
0 0 Waiting halls outside airports with good toilet facilities as young girls cannot take early morning flights as they cannot go inside the airport at night. AC waiting halls with well maintained good quality toilets at each platform as one cannot move if the trains are late . Space under the stairs can be used for toilets which should be well maintained 24hrs.Advertisements of tiles etc used for generating money. Vedic maths should be taught in trains and platforms. 
0 0 MOST DIRTIEST CITY IN INDIA - KALYAN DOMBIVALI MAHARASHTRA SIR, U MENTION GOOD CITY NAME,, BUT YOU DIDNT MENTION DIRTIES CITY NAME IN YOUR PROGRAM IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO KNWONING ABOUT DIRTIEST CITY NAME TO WHOLE INDIA BECAUSE IF NOT HAPPEN BUROCRATS NOT DOING GOOD IN THIS CITY PLEASE MENTION NAME OF KALYAN DOMBIWALI DIRTIEST CITY NAME IN YOUR PROGRAM... THEN MIGHT BE MEDIA AND MAHARASHTRA GOVERNMENT CAN DO WELL IN THIS CITY 
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, MOST DIRTY CITY KALYAN - DOMBIVALIIIII MAHARASHTRA PLEASE MENTION MY PROBLEM IN YOUR PROGRAM REGARDING MOST DIRTIEST CITY IN INDIA I.E. KALYAN DOMBIVALI MAHARASHTRA SIR I AM LIVING THEIR IT IS LIKE HELL BECAUSE THEIR IS NO GUARNTEE TO REACH MY HOME SAFELY BECAUSE HAJI MALANG ROAD IS SO DIRTY AND POOR PLEASE DO NOT IGNORE IT AND DO NEED FULL 
0 0 In order to reduce road traffic accidents children should be taught in schools the driving skills before 16 yrs of age and repeated frequently through sign boards in schools. They should be told their life is important for the family and nation Also advertisements for preventing road accidents 
0 0 MOST DIRTY CITY KALYAN - DOMBIVALIIIII MAHARASHTRA SIR PLEASE VISIT ONCE AT HAJI MALANG ROAD AND YOU WILL SEE WHY KALYAN CITY IS MOST DIRTY CITY MODI G PLEASE VISIT KALYAN DOMIBIVALI HAJI MALANG ROAD 
0 0 Revered PM, our public health care system is one of the most neglected ever since.Prevention is better than cure. we have got very beautiful PHCs system in place.only thing is to activate it to the fullest.if all PHCs are activated with full working staff of Doctors including AYUSH,pharmacists,medicines,basic investigations,immunisations,axullary staff,i hope tertiary hospitals will not be flooded with patients&can stop Pvt hospitals looting poor.Ur initiative will make India Healthy. Jai Hind. 
0 0 Sir, MOST DIRTY City IN INDIA IS KALYAN DOMBIVALI CITY (survery result by YOur Government )_ IKalyan-Dombivali City is very dirty city in across India This city Municipal corporation, State Government and Central Government is Run By BJP Still it is Most dirty city in India can U do something for it.. Sir, Please do something Needful beacause Road LIke Haji Malang road make more dirty, nothing happend good in city please do some thing for  MOST DIRty city in india.....' 
0 0 No action plan is visible to improve Medical services in country. All district hospitals should be equipped with good medical facilities and in working condition. 
0 0 Dear Sir I have a concern about poor service of Post offices for various investment schemes like NSC, MIS etc. People are investing their hard earned money for their future needs and is a supposed to be reliable organisation but I am very sorry to inform you that there is lot of cases of fraud by post office. There is also no satisfactory reply from their side or closure of complaint. I have invested around 45000/- in MIS but there is fraud of two instalments (Rs. 660/-), I have loged a compla 
0 0 https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-10-26/world-faces-long-peri...   kindly read this article and all books written by him. He was also one of few who predicted global financial crisis like ex RBI governor Raghuram Rajan. It will help in making proper policies and answer many of questions from employment to monetary and fiscal policy. He is adviser to many central/reserve banks across world and one of foremost financial thinker. He may help with your bank NPA mess. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Legal action should be taken against Citizen and Local Administration for disposing of waste any where. We have drive three times swatch abhiyan but not succeed.  Local administration are aware about the same but not taking any action. I request you to please develop some strategy for keeping India clean and Green 
0 0 ये पैगाम प्रधानमंत्री मोदीजी के नाम”आसाराम बापू के 4करोड़ भक्त परिवार से मोदीजी के नाम खुला पत्र: #ManKiBaat (करोडो साधको के मन की बात): एक देश, एक संविधान, एक कानून, फिर एक ही कानून का अलग–अलग पालन क्यों? cont. page 3,4 
0 0 ये पैगाम प्रधानमंत्री मोदीजी के नाम”आसाराम बापू के 4करोड़ भक्त परिवार से मोदीजी के नाम खुला पत्र: #ManKiBaat (करोडो साधको के मन की बात): एक देश, एक संविधान, एक कानून, फिर एक ही कानून का अलग–अलग पालन क्यों? सर हमारे यहाँ हर तरह के अपराध सिद्ध हो जाने के बाबजूद बेल मिल जाती है उदा.-लालू यादव,सलमान खान. क्या RAPE जैसे संगीन आरोपों के बाद बेल नहीं मिलती?पर में आज ऐसे सात नाम बता रहा हूॅ, 
0 0 Respected Sir,Urbanisation of villages is appreciated but should not at the cost of Environment. Town Planning should have to take care about sanitation and environment protection before approve any project. I observed that town planning has approved many projects in Rural Area where builder has not care about sanitation and environment.For development, cutting trees are okay but same time they should have to plant equal trees in their premises.Same way Sanitation should be proper 
0 0 Dear pm sir, I attached a pdf file in odia language, which will help to cash less society 
0 0 माननीय मोदी जी, सादर प्रणाम, मेरे गाँव व उत्तराखंड के ज्यादातर गांव पलायन के शिकार हो गए है, बच्चों की संख्या कम होने से स्कूल बंद हो गए,क्या शहरों जैसी सुबिधायें गांव में नही दी जा सकती? शिक्षा,स्वास्थ्य, पानी व रोजगार परक शिक्षा हेतु समुचित उपाय,क्षेत्र वर्गीकरण कर कुछ बड़े गाँव/कस्बों को विकसित किया जाना चाहिए, और शहरो जैसी सुबिधाये देकर पलायन को रोका जा सकेगा।  यही आपसे विनती है। धन्यवाद। धीरेन्द्र लिंगवाल,सबधारखाल पौड़ी गढ़वाल उत्तराखंड। 
0 0 forget about ease of doing business to attract FDI.....even Indian investors are not comfortable the way government officers are working.......if a person want to built a house the first thing he worries about is government processes , approvals etc........the day government employees think the people as their client then we can see ease in doing business..........so we are long way to go to improve the system........... 
0 0 ठंडे नही हुए थे अबतक... अंगारे वो राख के । पाक की सीमा लाँघ के मारे... हमने सेनिक पाक के ॥ हम डरे नही थे...चुप बैठे थे... नेताओ के ऑर्डर पर । लाल लहू से सने थे सेनिक... हमने खोये बॉर्डर पर ॥ आतंकी कुछ छुप कर बैठे... जम्मू और कश्मीर में । देश की हालत ऐसी है.. जैसे कीडे पड़ते खीर में ॥ अब हम पर भी है ज़िम्मेदारी.. देश को हमें बचाना है । सरहद पर सारे मार के दुश्मन... जीत को गले लगाना है ॥ .. Alok chourey-poet-ink 
0 0 #MannKiBaat आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी|मैं यह सलाह देना चाहूँगा की हम कई तरह के टैक्स भरते है,तो क्यों ना हम डिफेन्स टैक्स भी भरे|डिफेन्स टैक्स हम ब्रांडेड और महँगे चीज़ों पर लगा सकते है, कार, फ्रिज,महंगे इलेक्ट्रॉनिक सामान आदि पर भी लगा सकते है|साथ ही अगर कोई एक फिक्स्ड अमाउंट से ऊपर खरीदारी करता है तो उसपर १०-२० ₹ तक का डिफेन्स टैक्स लगा सकते है,ये पैसा हम भारत के अंदर डिफेन्स वेपन्स और डिफेन्स techonology तैयार करने में लगा सकते है.डिफेन्स टैक्स ज्यादा ना हो, ज्यादा से ज्यादा 20-30₹ | Jai Hind 
0 0 Water scarcity is already a big challenge. It is certain to be a greater challenge in future. Why are we not promoting rain water harvesting in an effective way? Don't see any other way of meeting water requirements. Bengaluru is a typical example. It is completely dependant on Cauvery water meant for agriculture #MannKiBaat #PMOnRadio 
0 0 Government should make Aadhar identification as a base for all like bank account, Driving license, PAN card, DIN, Voter card etc............Should make it compulsory for students from 10th grade onwards................ 
0 0 Sir please aware the public that they should keep their gold in the bank so as to increase the economic conditions of our country Bharat. 
0 0 ''HAPPY DIWALI'' TO INDIAN COUNTRY ALL FORCE EK DIYA DESH K NAME JAI HIND BHARAT MATA KI JAI 
0 0 There are a lot of duplicate currency in market. Everybody is using smart mobile. Gov should launch a Mobile App to identify duplicate currency. 
0 0 mera e sawal hai ki aap log congress ke logo ko apne partyme kyun le rahe hai.jo aate hai wo bolte hai ki humara vichar badal gaya .in logo ko hum dogla kahte hai. please stop taking into their party nahi toh un logo me aur aap me kya antaar rahe jayega. 
0 0 #MannKiBaat आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी | चूँकि हर तरफ फौजियों और शहीदों की ही चर्चा हो रही, इसलिए मैं एक आम नागरिक आपको सुझाव देना चाहूंगा की, क्यों न भारतीय गवर्नमेंट एक सेंट्रल फण्ड बनाये जिसमे हर भारतीय अपनी इच्छा अनुसार दान दे सके, अब दान चाहे दस रुपये हो या १ लाख | उस फण्ड का मकसद हो की, अगर कोई फौजी, चाहे वो CRPF, BSF या इंडियन आर्मी का हो, शहीद हो जाता है तो उसका परिवार इस फण्ड से एक फिक्स्ड अमाउंट निकाल सकता है. साथ ही मैं हमे फौजियों के बच्चो की पढाई फ्री ऑफ़ कॉस्ट कर देनी चाहिए | जय हिन्द 
0 0 Please ask citizens to carry their own bag when shopping for fruits and vegetables and not use polythene. This will be their contribution to Swacch Bharat Abhiyan. This will be their seva towards Gau Raksha 
0 0 talk about pollution, talk about how to decrease traffic on roads, ask people to plant more tress, talk about make in India 
0 0 Is it possible to link Aadhar Card with social media like Facebook, WhatsApp, twitter etc. This will be very helpful in terms of social security our government can keep their eyes on activities of social users. This will also reduce social or cyber-crime…Hope this will work. 
0 0 SIR THE MOST IMPORTANT THING WE HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THIS IS NOT ENOUGH WE HAVE TO PLAN FOR FUTURE LIKE OTHER COUNTRIES ARE PLANNING. GO FOR IT. CONSTRUCT MORE RAILWAY TRACKS START MORE GOVERNMENT BUSSES. make a rule that every company have to provide a transport service to their employees.talk to auto union or drivers and bus drivers to maintain a single lane don't change lane again & again. don't rush 
0 0 #mannkibaat Sir why not also caste Reservation not cancel in India. I glad to inform you that you also know in india there are more General caste people are unable to collect there daily food. Sir please also think over them. i have more believe on you then any other PM.... Jai.Hind Sir. 
0 0 A lighting INDIA campaign to donate lighting equipments to the people who don't have them in economically backward areas 
0 0 TO AVOID TRAFFIC 
0 0 My one of the best PM,happy deewali! माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,इस साल हम सभी जानते हैं कि काफी पीड़ादायक घटनाएँ भारत में घटी।पठानकोट हो,उरी हो,कश्मीर में अशांति हो,इन सभी चीज़ों में बस एक चीज़ सामान्य है वो है पाकिस्तान।माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी इसके रहते भारत कभी शांति और सुखी सम्पन्न देश नहीं बन सकता।भारत में पहली बार आज सभी को ऐसा प्रधानमंत्री मिला है जो इसका जड़ से इलाज करने की काबिलयत रखता है।इस बीमारी को कूटनीति और सेना के माध्यम से हमेशा के लिए खत्म कर दीजिए।यही मेरा आपसे निवेदन है।जय हिन्द। 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, as govt is emphasizing on make in India and startups there is issue on getting rental locations ie office spaces , commercial spaces etc . Though it is available in plenty however the rentals are too high. some steps should be taken to hold on these high rentals. regard's Mayur. 
0 0 Respected sir can i talk to you on mobile pl if you possible man ki bat 9317799046 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री, दीपावली जवळ आली.फाटक्या वाजायला सुरवात झाली आहे.पण असे काही फाटक्या आहेत ज्यांच्या आवाजाने वयवृद्ध नागरिक,लहान मुले गरोदर माता यांना या आवाजाचा त्रास होत असतो.तसेच ग्रामीण भागातील घरे हि मातीची असतात,कधी कधी अशी घरे पडतात.शेतीतील वैरण,चार  व जंगल यांना कधी कधी आग लागते.यामुळे भरपूर नुसकान होते.आपण या विषयावर दोन शब्द बोललात तर काही प्रमाणात अश्या प्रकारचे फटके वाजविण्यास आळा बसेल. 
0 0 Hello sir, I am Mourya Pesala, a student of BITS Pilani Hyderabad Campus. There is a lot of untapped potential in villages and we can clearly see that the government is putting in all the efforts regarding this matter. Even after this I feel the villagers and their ideas are not coming into mainstream market.There is one thing we can do about this,idea given by my finance professor Mr. Vijay Bhaskar Marisetty. I attached a pdf. #BoostOurVillages #MannKiBaat #PMOnRadio 
1 0 Respected sir, My idea is that every college should have a Paper recycling unit of its own, since paper is the main form of waste created by colleges. 1. This will educate students about the importance of recycling thus providing a path to greener future. 2. It help to improve the environment & in dealing with waste. 3. It will give job to the needy people. 4. It is estimated that recycling half the world’s paper would avoid the harvesting of 20 million acres of forestland. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, Respectfully We have need to talk on Yamuna Water in Delhi. 
0 0 Dear sir good morning and thank you for saving the peoples money (1 lakh crore).Sir I am from ANANTAPUR district where annual rain fall is very low, at present we are in drought (rainfall with out 100 days). On other side our two southern states are quarreling for water from river Kaveri. On other side we are loosing nearly 3,000 TMC of the Godavari's (DAKSHIN GANGA) flood waters into the Bay of Bengal every year. Sir as a PM please think about it for once and take some action on it. 
0 0 Respected PM I want you to give more emphasis on the following two points in the forth coming Mann Ki Baat speech: 1) Request all citizens to avoid to the extend possible plastic carry bag and instead let them go with cloth/jute bag for shopping  ( For the past two months I practicing this and avoided good number of plastics carry bags) 2) There is no sufficient or no DUSTBINS in many common places in rural & town where movement of people are more. Please direct officials 
0 0 Dear PM, I wanted to take this great opportunity to thank you for excellent job you’re doing for our nation people. I really appreciate efforts, Patience, Dedication that you and your team show in serving us sons of grate Bharat Mata.My main attention of writing this letter is for a simple request.There are many schools & colleges on the road side which is very dangerous for kids while crossing roads.My request is to construct strong speed breakers on both sides of roads for safety. try a demo 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, You have launched a wonderful programme called #MakeinIndia. We use lot of foreign goods in our daily life. Proud that ISRO makes and launches satellites from India. I wish to see ECIL make TVs, ITI make mobile phones, HMT make watches, LED bulbs, BEL make calculators, electronic components. I am sure they have the infrastructure and the capability. The human and material resources in these PSUs are going waste and unused. They can be used to #MakeinIndia. #MannKiBaat 
0 0 Dear sir please sir help me i need academic help please look at my plea submitted at narendramodi.in site which got transffered to pgportal.gov.in/viewstatus.aspx via reg no PMOPG/E/2016/0340950 to ur secy ambuj sharma. it might be only a plea sir,but it is a matter of my carrier my studies and my life sir im very very mentally depressed pls help me, im 12th science passed student,sir MHRD bureaucrats since july kept on dumping my plea without helping sir, please sir i plead help me 
0 0 Dear sir, Government of India are trying to reduce power consumption by providing LED Bulbs at 85 rupees but wasting that energy at government firms by continuously using 20W fluoroscent tube-light and using 2 insted of 1 than how come government thing that peoples will opt LED bulbs with high enthusasim 
0 0 dear Modi Ji, Most of people using mobile while on driving.. people want to change their behavior.. for developing our nation people support must needed. once again we make campaign(awareness program)to give gas subsidy to poor people only. 
0 0 Dear pm modi ji im a 12th science stream passed student sir,sir since past 4 months that is july i am writing for academic help at write to letter section at your site site but its get converted as grievance and forwarded to mhrd bureaucrats who dispose it without helping sir, please sir help me i d want to study sir, i dont want to end my studies sir, your one help can save my life sir pls look at my plea at pgportal.gov.in via reg no PMOPG/E/2016/0340950 submitted to your secy ambuj sharma 
0 0 Honorable Modiji, Iam very happy that government has initiated swachh bharat abhiyan but still people are not aware of these,more and more youth should be encourage to be part of these as we want to be part of these abhiyan but we could not do anything. every weeek a particular state should be choosed to clean their state. But Frankly Speaking thank you for changing my mindset as now i don't throw bus ticket after my journey is completed i keep them in pocket and throw these in dustbin. 
2 0 RESPECTED SIR IF YOU LIKE MY SUGGESTION,PLEASE SHARE IT WITH THE PEOPLE ON MANN KI BAAT. EVERY YEAR WE CELEBRATE THE FEATIVAL OF DIPAWALI WITH GREAT JOY AND HAPPINESS. LET US MAKE THIS DIPAWALI A SPECIAL DIPAWALI BY CELEBRATING IT WITH AND FOR OUR SOLDIERS. ON THIS DIPAWALI EVERY FAMILY SHOULD BUY ATLEAST 3 EXTRA LIT(DIYA) AND LIGHT THEM. 1ST FOR OUR SOLDIERS' BRAVERY. 2ND FOR THEIR SACRIFICE FOR THE NATION AND 3RD FOR THEIR LONG LIFE.IT IS BECAUSE OF THEM THAT WE ARE LIVING IN PEACE. 
0 0 Agriculture sector must to develop:- in 01)Road 02)Water 03)Education 04)Proper market value for agriculture products.   In agriculture sector there are so many opportunities. On priority basis: Above sector fruitful to our Economy. (Mananiya Pradhanmantriji kisan ko uske kheti me sudhar lana he to uske tayar maal ko acha bhav mile, bas yahi mang he hamari) 
0 0 Dear Modi-ji, When we are building a nation, we need to consider our children and their welfare. India is infamous for child labour and is high-time that we address this issue and bring our children from Street to School and at the same time address some of the compulsions under which they are forced to work. Children being exploited by begging-rackets and . Many are on to garbage picking as well. A Project by name Project SKY (Sisu Kalyan Yojana) is sent to your office for your consideratn. I 
0 0 Dear Modiji, When we taught about one India we should ensure uniformity in every aspects especially in PSU. Their should be same laws with regards to Medical norms and recruitment process.Their Medical Standard should be mentioned in their Websites. 
0 0 Respected PM sir, Kindly focus on nation builders (teachers) also. There is huge difference between govt norms and norms followed by pvt schools. Cant we tighten the recognition criteria for private schools. they compromise a lot in all respect to have huge profits. Kindly do some frame work in this regard also. this will not only help our coming generations but will discourage the peoples who consider schools a source of earning profit rather than serving country. 
0 0 Vande Mataram - Sir, Thank you for being there and working hard for the Nation. We are proud of you. During every major accident or emergency government provides help line numbers. Is is possible to provide an unique no so that people can save it and they do not need to search new number every time ? Thank you for your continued card and service to the Nation. Best regards and respects, Shashi Kakkad 
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, PLEASE SPEAK ABOUT UNEMPLOYMENT IN OUR STATE AND OUR NATION SIR, IN MY FAMILY WE ARE 4 SISTERS GRADUATED WITH M.PHIL,MBA, MA ENGLISH AND B.COM BUT NO ONE OF MY FAMILY IS EMPLOYED FROM A GOVT JOB.WE ARE TRYING.........FOR A JOB 
0 0 fail to reach hospital. I think if there would be siren in each vehicle and that can be used in an emergency while carrying patient and there should be rule to obey to the siren. Sir, we suffered a lot in these situation. Plz look into the matter 
0 0 we are the village children we hope a play ground it just because therwe were no place were children are play at moment. all are children play computer game etc and lack intrested in outdoor game. 
0 0 Respected Sir, a small change could help to create India better. As there is road trafficking almost each and everywhere in India, most of the times when a patient is in critical condition, when he/she need an ambulance, due to heavy road traffic problem the ambulance can't reach to the patient, either the condition became more critical or dead. So at that time we often take the patient in our arrangement, the road remain congested, no one even try to move or give space so that we, contd... 
0 0 एक विकसित भारत कॆ लियॆ हमारॆ समाज मॆ भॆदभाव रहित व्यवहार‌ हॊना आवश्यक है विशॆषकर हमारॆ हिन्दू समाज मॆ हिन्दू धर्म सभी कॊ समान मानता है सन्त कबीर जी नॆ कहा है ‍‍=‍   जाति पाति पूछॆ नहि कॊइ ! हरि कॊ भजॆ सॊ हरि का हॊइ !! श्री मद्भगवद् गीता मॆ भगवान श्री कृष्ण नॆ कर्म कॆ साथ साथ समानता का भी उपदॆश दिया है 
0 0 THANK YOU SIR 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, I would like add small Suggestion, Why our rural educational system is very poor? No one(Gov. Local Politician, NGO's and villagers) interested in this area, to improve rural educational system! Sir, one request for gov. of india. Why not Start a Campaign for "SMART VILLAGE" 
0 0 kana to bahut kuchh hai lekin 500 word me kitana kaha jay 1. swasthya siksha rojgar ke sath me samman bhi jaroori hai. 2. apki ek bat jo apane man ki bat me kahi thi "mile har khet ko pani, har hath ko kam" hame bahut pasand ayi. 3. yadi hamare sujhawo me koi kami hai ya bhawisya me kabhi ho jay to soryy. 4. name : chandra kant s/o anupam vishwakarma from uttar pradesh(east), mirzapur-cum-vindhyachal, chunar, ahraura, 231301 5. contact : 08174949566 
0 0 Dear sir 1. Rashtra ki samasyayo me se ek badi smasya berojgari aur atankvad hai jisake kai karan hai lekin hame lagata hai ki karan ashiksha aur bhed-bhev hai jisake liye jagran abhiyan ki jaroorat hai jisase logo ke andar Ranjis ki bhavana ka ant ho aur prem badhe. 2. Arakshan vyavastha ka ant kiya jay jisase ki samanata ki bhawana vikasit ho kyoki general cast ke log amir hai hi jaroori nahi. 3."swsthya, siksha, rojgar, jan-jan ka ye hai adhikar" atah ispar visesh dhyan diya jay 
0 0 मेरे प्रिय आदर्श तुल्य माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी मेरे द्वारा लिखे गये इस पत्र को अपना सानिध्य़ प्रदान करें। धन्य़वाद ।। 
0 0 Sir plz talk about handicraft industry and their future 
0 0 SIR PM MODIJI MERA NAAM PARMESHWAR HAI (KARNATAKA) MERA EK CHOTA SUGGESTION HAI AAPSE SIR STUDENT KO SCHOOL ME ADMISSION KE LIYE CAST WITH INCOME CERTIFICATE NIKAL NA PADTAHI AGAR AAP AADHAR CARD KI TARA HI EK PERMANENT EK NUMBER DIJIYE  OUR STUDENT KUCH NAME, ADDRESS,DATE OF BIRTH , CHENG BHI KARSAKE. IS SE LAKHO TONE PEPPER HAR SAL BACHEGA SIR OUR STUDENT KO BAR BAR CAST CERTIFICATE NIKALNEKI JARURAT NAHI PADEGA SIR 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, I would like add small Suggestion, we at Privet service sector Peoples are suffering from many things which are Out of Mind Of our Government. Yes their are Rules for Lower class Peoples who dont have skills or have less educations, but what are the rules in private service for the engineers, companies are taking juice out of the person and paying what? their must be one common platform to all such people who are suffering. where do we compliant? #PMOnRadio, #MyGov 
0 0 continuation ..35000+ ppl are visiting tirupati temple but many of them dont know that there is a science musuem in tirupati. Then how will the country progress? In the temple premesis/ busstand/ railway station, this should be painted so that ppl get awareness. Similarly in Vijayawada temple/ railway station also. Liquor/ tobacco production/ sale should be banned fully. Otherwise there is no point in saying on stages about 'honouring women and women upliftment schemes' 
0 0 sir please talk about traffic sense and if possible ask parents to not give vehicles to underage kids, my 2nd suggestion is why don't we add a compulsory subject of traffic rules in our curriculum 
0 0 नमस्कार / నమస్కారము /ನಮಸ್ಕಾರ/ வணக்கம்/ নমস্কাৰ/ નમસ્તે/ ଶୁଣିବେ/ നമസ്കാരം To increase science temper in our country, the railway station & bus stand TV should be used properly...advertisement about science museum should be shown for 2 min in those Televisions once every 2 hours...in local language(say telugu along with hindi/ samskrutam)...say, Vishweshwarayya museum advertisement should be shown in Bengalooru station. Similarly, things which promote national integrity/innovations by common ppl 
0 0 hon'ble Prime Minister , India ratified COP-21 Climate change submit on 2/10/2016. People are less aware of it . I request you to #MannKiBaat spread Indian vision of Environment protection. Wish you a Very Happy Diwali Sir. 
0 0 Modiji there are slogans to bycott Chinese product.there is active on this matter while government is giving contract of metro in Nagpur to Chinese co., so don't you think pm should also think about it.plz mention it in your broadcast #mankibaat 
0 0 We see polythene and chips packets both sides of roads that is a major obstacle of swach abhiyan. There should be a container in every bus for chips packets and other waste. 
0 0 My name is Satya Pavan kumar.I'm a student. Sir, as per my knowledge concern you did a lot to Our COUNTRY.As this is the 25th episode that going to be held, I'd like to stress upon one main thing. Government is releasing funds for every particular state let us say it is a big ICE CUBE.It should be exchanged from one hand to other finally it reaches common people or slums or some other who are in need at that instance. But the size of ICE CUBE gradually goes decreasing so sir please take care 
0 0 I am working as a banker. My suggestion is regarding education system. Most of the children in country goes to private school, but i did not understand the salary of a private school teacher is very less in compare to government school teacher. And the hard work done by a private school teacher is twice, thrice of a government school teacher. They got bonus in Diwali approx Rs.6000, but private school teachers are doing job on 5000-15000. kindly treat this as a suggestion it is my own view. 
0 0 SIR APSE KUCH KAHANA CHAHATA HOON YE JO KENDRA SARKAR KI YOJANAYE HAI YAH POORI TARAH SE GRAMIN KSHETRA MIEN NAHI PAHUCH PATI HAI ESKE LIYE KOI UPAY KARIYE TAKI GRAMIN KSHETRA KA VIKAS HO SAKE 
0 0 I live in Balliwala chowk, Dehradun . A flyover project had been initiated and after 1 year of delay ,proj is completed but no use.Chowk is broken from all sides ,no traffic light,lot of dust.a lot of gap has been left on the sides of the road which can expand the road by 4-5 feet extra.From where IMA is 6 kms away,4 dhaam yatra and spots like nainital and mussorie have a way, It really gives a wrong pic to the tourists.The whole city is dengue struck , so much dirt , pollution . pls do smthg. 
0 0 Sir, the people of our country need to realise what a democracy is. People should realise that a democracy is a not only a government where we can elect our leaders, but is also a system where everyone participates to make our country a better place to live. We need people to participate in making Bharat a world power. If people have "fundamental rights", they have equally important "Fundamental Duties". Once all of us realise this, Bharat will be an unstoppable development machine. 
0 0 The pension received by employees under the Employees' Pension Scheme 1995 remains unchanged no matter the cost of living index rises to any level in future. This is unlike the case of pension received by an employee retired from the Government service which increases to many folds in a short period after their retirement. I would humbly request you respected sir, to kindly arrange the needful such that all retired employees get  their pension based on the cost of living index from time to time. 
1 0 Namaste sir, The land and river disputes in our country may harm the NATIONALITY. My wish is, all people should realise that WE ARE INDIANS and SHOULD NOT FIGHT with each other. We all are children of INDIA and should be together...Else the sacrifice of our soldiers will become waste,which should not be happen. 
1 0 Our honourable prime minister always puts forth the most important topics during his speeches, but i personally would like to get the soldiers of our nation addressed along with girl empowerment and cross border terrorism, all the soldiers who were martyred protection our bkrders need the foremost mention on national platform to glorify them and their brave family. 
1 0 Namaskaram During the brics summit at Goa all other countries spoke in their language but you spoke in English. I request that you should speak in Hindi or Gujarati or any of the Indian languages, anyway it's translated but for Indian we r forced to learn English to follow you. Regards A.Rajaraman 
0 0 Last night I was reading about Mahatma Gandhi's assassination and suddenly something struck my mind it was the efforts Indians made in that freedom struggle. We respect and talk about our soldiers, dalits, casts, etc. on every platform but this is a part which we basically forget to mention. There were not just a few 10-15 leaders in that struggle whom we know but there were 100s of others who were left behind in our thoughts I believe this time they deserve our gratitude. #MyGov 
0 0 Sir can you speak about depression and how it is effecting us, our families and in turn our society. We all need to talk to each other heart to heart and not mere socialise. We must support each other at every level. Our society need to fight it out together. 
0 0 www.indianmartyrs.in by Shivnath Jha  आन्दोलन:एक पुस्तक से - एक प्रयास १८५७-१९४७ शहीदोंके वंशजों के लिए."किताब कभी मरती नहीं, इसलिए आप मरणोपरान्त भी जीवित रहेंगे पुस्तक में, सदियों तक।" याचना तो कर ही सकता हूँ, आप "तिरस्कृत" भी करने का उतना ही अधिकार रखते हैं।आन्दोलन: एक पुस्तक से, एक प्रयास है, एक अदना सा आदमी का - भारतीय स्वाधीनता आन्दोलन १८५७-१९४७ के गुमनाम क्रान्तिकारियों, शहीदों और इसी देश के समाज द्वारा उपेक्षित गुमनामी जीवन जी रहे उनके वंशजों का।  contact jshivnath@gmail.com #MannKiBaat 
2 0 Sir I am working in Govt Health department for last 20 years and have observed that most of the young people contracting TB have a common habit of leaving for job or college without having breakfast. I think a lot of TB cases can be prevented by this single measure of  speeding the message of not to leave home without having breakfast  or on empty stomach. I think Mann ki bat is a very effective way to spread this very important message for our young people.Regards 
1 0 DEAR PM MODIJI,we are cleaning our home or business venues on the occasion of dipawali.but what about public venues.can SVACHCH BHARAT ABHIYAN take initiative to make an appeal to nationals for people participation of abhiyan.we can make a group and decide to clean a public venue like park/picnic spot/play ground/temple/govt. school/govt. hospital or dispensary/ghat of river or pond/important road etc.we can clean them,paint them,decorate them and with the help of svachh bharat abhiyan officials 
1 0 DEAR PM MODIJI,in our nation just 5 to 6 national parties are in exist,please invite the head of these parties in the next episode of mann ki baat to GREET THE NATION AND OUR ARMY MAN ON THE OCCASION OF DEEPAWALI AT ONE SINGLE PLATFORM.IT WILL GIVE THE MESSAGE THAT WE ALL ARE ONE ON THE NATIONAL INTEREST.INVITE HEAD OF ARMY/NAVY/AIR FORCE TOO. "SABKA SAATH SABKA TYOHAAR" 
0 0 DEAR PM MODIJI,in the next mann ki baat episode,please greet dipawali to all those peoples also whose are living in neighboring countries especially PEOPLES OF PAKISTAN AND BANGLADESH.show them that they are not alone at festival but entire bharatvasi are also with them to celebrate.so they can feel some kind of belongingness with the bharatvarsh. connect all of us with common cultural and heritage values .after surgical strike now do CULTURAL STRIKE. 
1 0 Dear PM, Speak about the issue of Burning Garbage and importance of Swatch Bharat, Tamilnadu is one state which is not understand and are polluting lakes and forest. Garbage collected are burnt in mid of colony here in Tamilnadu and people not understanding the effect of illness it can cause. 
0 0 DEAR PM MODIJI,I appreciate your efforts towards growing acceptance of KHADI. it's working as KHADI BUSINESS GOES UP.I HAVE AN ANOTHER BUSINESS IDEA.can khadi provide "dipawali DIYAS AND LAKSHMI PUJAN SAMAGRI" at their shops to nationals OR THEY CAN PROVIDE SOME SPACE OUT SIDE OF THEIR SHOPS TO POOR DIYA VENDERS ALSO.in this way they can help poor at one side,and in other hand those who come for buying these all things can buy other PRODUCTS OF KHADI too.and yes,YOU ARE THERE TO PROMOTE THIS 
0 0 Sir, Indian Mechanical Engineering Students except for iits or nits or other reputed institutes are jobless in-spite of having good academic records. Even some of the students of elite institutes of the above said branch find much difficulty in getting a job and are forced to take up jobs of some other domain by the institutes. Has this branch lost its relevance? What about #MakeInIndia along with #DigitalIndia? 
0 0 Sir i am a track man in east coast railway. Sir please solve the problems of track man. And give the hard duty allowance to track man. 
1 0 Happy Diwali. Wish you put all ex-sainik school students from all states of India in development plans for Nation Building. Ex-sainik School Studnets are apolitical and always would wish to serve India. They are competitive, confident, self aware, and always nation first on their minds. In their own way every one will be contributing to support nation Building Directly or Indirectly.You are well aware as you have visted Sainik School Balachadi, Jamnagar. Our Country requires committed workers 
0 0 मेरे और मेरे पूरे परिवार की तरफ से भारतीय सेना को हैप्पी दिवाली 
0 0 Respected PM Modi ji, I am a Ncc Cadet & I am feeling that the people of my age group taking less interest in a great organization like NCC which gives a glimpse of our Defence forces and more . So please mention this thing in your programme and motivate youngsters to join NCC. This diwali on the behave every NCC cadet   wish every soldier of this country , that behind 1.3M soldiers there are 1.3Bn people and their wishes who will always help you land in triumph. #MannKiBaat #Sandesh2Soldiers 
0 0 Dear sir,  It is very painful to see  every alternate day the news of people committing sucide. Knowingly or unknowingly people are taking such extreme steps of ending their precious life  for some reasons but I don't think nothing in this world is impossible to solve their problems or stress.. along with them the whole family will suffer throughout the life So I kindly request you to urge people to promise themselves on this diwali not to decide those worst things in watever the sitiation it is 
0 0 Dear PM Modiji "WISH YOU & YOUR MUMMY A VERY HAPPY DIWALI & A VERY SUCCESSFUL, PROSPEROUS, FULL OF GOOD HEALTH NEW YEAR !" We love the Ma who gave you birth and gave us a Prime Minister like you. JAI HIND ! JAI SRI RAM ! 
0 0 Respected Sir, Kudos to your invitation to write messages to our jawans. I did my bit as an Indian through this forum. 1. Do speak on motivating young children towards joining NCC, defense sector. Children listen to you. 2. Do talk about our martyred soldiers families and see to it that govt takes all possible care for their children's education and family welfare. 3. Infrastructure in cities also needs attention more than than rural areas. 4.I Support your call on # ban of Tripple Talak 
1 0 Dear prime minister sir I just want to draw your attention towards a scarce source,water. At villages in indian households people are using submersible pumps,which can fetch so much quantity of water in minutes but all this water is not going to store anywhere but to be drained into nalah or sewers. Once they start the pump for any work it is not going to stop until the electricity is gone. a large amount of drinkikable water is wasted due to which water table is degrading day by day Thanks 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय,  सादर प्रणाम। आज सड़क सुरक्षा को लेकर हम कतई संवेदनशील नहीं हैं, हमने पाया है कि लोग राष्ट्रीय राजमार्ग हो या अन्य सड़के, उनपर गलत लेन में ड्राइविंग करते हैं, ओवरटेक करने वाली लेन पर चलते हैं और चलनेवाली लेन पर ओवरटेक करते हैं, और परिणाम स्वरुप दुर्घटनाग्रस्त होते हैं वो चाहे भारी वाहन हो या फिर हलके। सड़क सुरक्षा में हम अभी बहुत पीछे हैं, आपकी एक आवाज़ हजारो घटनाओ को टाल सकती है और सड़क दुर्घटना में हजारों लोगो की जान बचा सकती है। जय हिन्द।। 
0 0 Respected PM Modiji, it would be nice if you explain to the younger generation ie tomorrow's citizens who are instant noodle kids, the invaluable very precious lives of our soldiers, their bravery, determination, will-power that helps them live in extreme climates and the huge sacrifice of their lives for us and the sacrifices their families make to keep us safe. These kids have got everything easy & don't understand the value of struggles, failure, hard-work, sacrifice in making a person great. 
0 0 Dear PM, 1.Issue is waste Management - resolution - set up more plants , more waste collection vehicles and facilities to be provided 2. Transport - Public transport is too much de-graded + roads are too much rough or either not sutaible for the amount of traffic they handle.- isllegal construction is major issue in this. 3.Water Management - very poor - need more facilities and improved systems to be delivered. 4.More infrastructure for telecom industries. 5.More gov awareness program req 
0 0 There is an urgent need to identify the needs of education system and introspection whether the existing infrastructure is sufficient or not to cater to bright future of my country`s students. 
0 0 Mere PM Modiji, the children of the martyred jawaans should be given utmost importance in education and if reservation can be given it should be given to them.Their widows and family shud be taken good care of. And plz tell Doordarshan to telecast a series showcasing bravery and stories of our Armed forces during battles where they fought against all odds and did not turn their back on enemy. If they who laid down their lives are remembered by us, it would be a great respect for them. Vichaariye 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, देश की सेना के जवान अपना रक्त हमारे लिए बहाते हैं तो हमारा भी उत्तरदायित्व बनता है कि हम उन्हें रक्तदान करें, मैं आप से अनुरोध करूँगा की सरकार इस दिवाली के अवसर पर रक्तदान शिविर का आयोजन देश भर में करें । भारतीय नागरिक संकल्प वाजपेयी लखनऊ 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister of India, Kindly make a thorough perusal of my suggestion given below regarding inclusion of credit balance of Employee's General Provident Fund (G. P. F.) while Sanctioning Home Loan amount by The banks:- At present, the matter of pity is that the Banks are not including the Employee's credit balance of G. P. F. Amount while Sanctioning the Home Loan Amount to him. This attitude or policy is, in fact, in contradiction to the present Home For All policy of G. O. I. unde 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,नमस्कार,आपके माध्यम से सैनिकों को संदेश है कि शुभ दीपावली,आप बहादुरी और शौर्य के साथ देश की रक्षा मे अपना बलिदान दे रहे, मन मे विश्वास जगा रहें,कि हम सब भारतीय है,इसे विश्व गुरु बनाना है।दीपोत्सव पर्व पर प्रज्वलित हर एक दीपक आपको उर्जा दे कि आप अकेले नहीं है बल्कि सवा सो करोड़ लोगों के दीपक से निकलने वाली प्रार्थना साथ है और साधुवाद कह रही है आपको। धन्य है आप,धन्य है आपका शौर्य,धन्य है भारत माता।धन्यवाद। जय हिन्द। आपका भाई,अभिषेकपारीक अजमेर #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat 
0 0 DEAR NARENDRA  MODI JEE , I SALUTE TO YOU FOR YOUR GOOD GOVERNANCE . SIR MY REQUEST IS LIKE YOUR GOVT DECLARE SMART CITY PROJECT,YOU PROJECT SOME SMART VILLAGE THAT HAVE A GOOD MEDICAL FACILITY ,GOOD COMMUNICATION FACILITY ,GOOD DRINK WATER FACILITY,AMBULANCE FACILITY,BETTER ELECTRICITY,BETTER EDUCATION FACILITY,BETTER LAW & ORDER,ETC...  VILLAGES BETWEEN TWO SMART VILLAGE ALSO PROFITABLE  THESE ALL FACILITIES. MIGRATION TO CITY IS LESS.PEOPLE GET BETTER LIFE THAN CITY SANTOSH 9437883930 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, I want to express my concern about the extensive use of polythene bags, plastic bottles and other polythene wrappers. As we all know that these are very hazardous to our health and environment. It also very deadly to cows. Polythene being non biodegradable very hard to safely dumping or recycling. In my opinion polybags should be banned immediately. So, I would like to request you to make some policy regarding the ban of polythene bags. Thanks. Shubh Deepavali 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,नमस्कार,आपके माध्यम से सैनिकों हेतु संदेश कि बहादुरी और शौर्य के साथ देश की रक्षा मे अपना बलिदान दे रहे, मन मे विश्वास जगा रहें है कि हम सब भारतीय है,इसे विश्व गुरु बनाना है। दीपावली के पावनपर्व पर प्रज्वलित दीपक आपको उर्जा दे कि आप अकेले नहीं है बल्कि सवा सो करोड़ लोगों के दीपक से निकलने वाली प्रार्थना आपके साथ है और साधुवाद कह रही है। धन्य है आप,धन्य है आपका शौर्य,धन्य है भारत माता।धन्यवाद। जय हिन्द। शुभदीपावली। आपका भाई,अभिषेकपारीक अजमेर #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat 
0 0 Dear modi ji After your call to nation for income declaration turned to be a success,i request you to give a window for maoist's to surrender themselve with min punishment gaurenteed, i knw it may not hav huge impact stil there is chance to respond positively for u'r call in nation building, its really disturbing to see in news that our jawans are killed by our country men who chose wrong path i think GUN shud be replaced wit PEN. I hope my suggestion wil help in ACT EAST policy#mannkibaat 
0 0 Respected Sir, Many congratulations for organizing National Tribal Carnival for the First time. It will boost the self respect and connect them with the main stream. PM sir, Can we have our own Indian Type carnival parade in New Delhi, where everyone can participate, dance, enjoy and feel the rich traditional culture of warrior tribes across India. It can be like Samba Parade in Brazil. It will help in changing the attitude and stereotypes of our major people toward them. Regards, Kaniska 
0 0 Dear Mr. PM, I have a concern abut new education policy which is going to be future of our next generation So I want to submit a suggestion that there must be period of meditation in every syllabus and a sports ust be compulsory for all students so that these two things improve the mental ability and focus of students to improve and innovate themselves. There should be a Yoga teacher and a Sports teacher in every school for mental and physical health improvement. Thanking you. 
0 0 Respected Modiji, Happy Deepawali to you and all souldiers of navy,army and air forces and their families. From: Ramesh 09755771008. 
0 0 Respected Pradhan Mantriji, After the Paris Climate documents, This 2016 Diwali must be celebrated in a different way by calling it "HAREET DIWALI". Some suggestions regarding HAREET DIWALI: 1. HAREET DIWALI Fund BY CITIZEN: This can be raised by people saving a portion from the Diwali Cracker Budget and Donate it to the Fund. 2. This can be utilized in distributing Ornamental plants to Different Govt. Schools and placing Deodorizing plants in public toilets. Reagrds Kaniska Narayan 
0 0 Dear PM ji Was asked in Narender modi why india is so week in olympics. Govt. Must work in small village o.g I want to become on athlele. But i am felling pain in my waist from 2 years. So i cannot do pratise. If you help me i definitely give a medal  to india after this, I want to open a school like kolinga instihte. This is my dream. Your one step can wmplete my dream. If i am saying false to you can check me on lie detctor machine. Please please help me sir 8684860861 9467258385 
0 0 happy diwali fauji bhayio aap ko salute hai jo aap iss desh ke liye aap yah kaam karte ho to aap per garv hai muche muche lagta hai ki yah koi assan nhi hai desh ki seva karna jo aap karte ho wo or koi nhi kar sakta. phale may yahi soacht tha ki fouj may bharti hona bhaut assan hota hoga or unki koi life nhi hoti hai. lekin aapne muche galat sabbit kar dhikhya.jab aapne pakistan may ghus kar sabhi aatakwadi ko maad dala. may yah kahna chata hu ki aap pure aatakwadi ko maar ke aata na. HAPPYDIWAI 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji You know that we all love and respect you. But I only want to tell you that if we indians are trying to boycott the chinese products then why don't you stop the import of any thing from China. We indians now understand the value of the indian things and we already have decided to boycott everything made in china. Then please its my kind request you to think about this matter. Thank You 
0 0 PM Modi Ji u know that we Indians Love u & respect u so much..Ur Surgical strike has won lots of faith in u..People like me want to serve Indian Army..I am pediatricin aged 62 yrs..want to serve army Jawans family.as u have best RM will u help me? 
0 0 pM Modi Ji want to contribute 2wards Martyer fund..got an account in syndicate bank in Hyd but Bank is not helping Me to do so..second I want to become Guardian to Children of Bravery Martyrs taking care of their education & needs..how can UR Govt help me in that.pl enlighten people like me in ur Mann ki Baat on 30 th 
0 0 The water grid can also be created by both state government and central government. Since vellore is going to become smart city, atleast this can be dried in vellore by connecting all the drainage and purifying the water either through distillation using solar energy or using RO. Since solar energy is plenty, distillation is the best and we can develope our own purification system. It will not be expensive. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Please increase more Research budget in Solar Technology and Electrical vehicle Production, Because best way to reduce Pollution is only increase in use of Electrical  Cars. Also encourage people for use of Electrical Car and scooters. 
0 0 Water problem is a major problem. We are having both drought and flood. The immediate need is we have to crate water grid through out our country very similar to power grid. Instead of joining rivers which requires lot of money and land acquisition, ecological clearance etc. But formation of grid is easy as we have to bury big pipes throughout the country. This can be done by creating a corpus fund from the public. In my town I have palar but there is no water. Only during flood water will come. 
0 0 Sir I have uploaded a grievance on your webpage but till I don't get a soln. of that and this problem is common for all students of Rajasthan , So I request you to give a immediate result as mentioned in attached Image. 
0 0 सम्माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, पर्यावरण सुरक्षा पर मेरे कुछ विचार गौरतलब हैं श्रीमान - 1. सभी प्लास्टिक में पैक्ड बस्तुओं पर पर्यावरण सुरक्षा कर लगाया जाय जो कि एक तरह से उत्पादकों और उपभोक्ताओं दोनों के लिए ही प्लास्टिक के इस्तेमाल को हतोत्साहित करने वाला होगा 2. पान मसाले पैक करने के लिए इस्तेमाल रैपर को विकल्प बनाया जाय 3. एल्लुमिनियम फॉयल पेपर को विकल्प के रूप में इस्तेमाल किया जा सकता है 4. लोगों को सब्सिडी के माध्यम से कॉटन और जुट के बैगों को यूज करने हेतु प्रोत्साहित किया जाय 
1 0 क्रपया आप मानव संसाधन विकास मंत्रालय के अधीन केंद्रीय विद्यालय संगठन के शिक्षकों द्वारा विद्यार्थियों एवं समाज के उत्थान हेतु जारी अनवरत प्रयासों  का भी उल्लेख करे ताकि उनके कार्य क्षमता और बढ़ सके। धन्यवाद 
1 0 Respected Modiji, I wish to present before you that in your forth coming speech on "Mann Ki bath" programme , please advise  the people to stop burning crackers during diwali. It burns their  health as well as wealth. Let them donate that money to the nation as a contribution to soldier welfare fund or feed the poor by donating it to orphange.We can start a new culture which will give more shine to our diwali. Simutaneously let them light small clay lamps.Dr.C.Dileep,Asst Professor,Kerala 
0 0 We proud you, and love you ,, i support you. My indian Army ,, aap ho hum hai, aap se desh ki suraksha ,, aap k liya 4 line,,, Indian army k jabaan, hai is desh or hamari saan. Jo hote hai ye seema par , to dushman ke udh jate hai praan. Aapke aage na koi na peche koi bus ek bharat ma , jiske liye kurbaan jaan ,,, aap vo ma jisne janm diya or diya bharat ma ki raksha karne k hosla ,, os ma k charno mai baram baram naman ,,,, esi ma ke chrano mai samarpit hai sara jevan ,,,jay hind 
0 0 I wish u and our soldiers happy Diwali.I request u to speak about JE fever which has spread in Malkanagiri district of our state.I would also like to visit the area and console the parents who have lost their children. 
0 0 Pradhan Sevak ji aap se ek anurodh hai ki aap is baar  bharat ki education system ko sudharane ke liye kuch bataiye. Apne desh ke brain drain ko roh ke bareme bataiye. Bharat me merit ko badava dena chahiye na ki reservation ko. 
0 0 Good evening sir, sir jb se aap prime minister bne hain aapne hr topic pe baat ki.. Hr ekk  chooti se badi cheez pe..sunn ke sir kafi accha lgta hai ki pheli baar koi PM chhoti chhoti baaton ko logon ke beech share krte hain.. Sir ekk baat main aap se khena chahunga, its my humble request, please do it.. Jaise ki aapne PAKISTAN pe surgical strike kraie.. Waise hi ekk surgical strike aap INDIA mein education system pe bhi kra dijiyea.. Present education system ko iski bahut jarurat hai.. 
0 0 सर, इस बार मन की बात कार्यक्रम में आदिवासियों द्वारा उत्पा्दित वस्तुओं को खरीदने के लिए देश का आह्वान कीजिए। इससे आम आदमी भी इन्हें अपनाएगा जिससे न केवल आदिवासियों की बेकारी दूर होगी बल्किन जंगल की रक्षा भी होगी। आदिवासियों द्वारा उत्पाादित वस्तुओं की बिक्री को संगठित रूप देने के लिए हर जिले में गांधी आश्रम की भांति बिक्री केंद्र बनाया जाए।सरकार अपनी खरीद में जनजातीय उत्पादों को प्राथमिकता के आधार पर खरीदे।सरकारी कार्यक्रमों में प्लास्टिक की बजाए दोना-पत्‍तल का इस्‍तेमाल किया जाए। 
0 0 Sir me odisha se huin humare yahan diwali me purbajo ko yaad kia jata hai lekin ye wohi desh hai jahan budhe maa baap jinda hote hue bhi bacho se pyar nahi pate ,jindagiki akhir pal akele katte hain ,aye din unke upar atyachar badhjata hai ,ek galat trend suru hogaya hai ki bachhe agar maa baap ka care na bhi len tab bhi unko property me hisa miljata hai ,esa kanun laye jisse ye likha ho ki property me hak tab milega jab bache apni responsibility nibhaye 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Happy Diwali! A united India is a better and stronger India. Ours is a country of more than a billion people differing in language, culture and religion. The only thing that can bind us together is mutual respect for each other and acceptance of our differences; let us agree to disagree and still hold hands. I am disturbed by the intolerance and acts of violence around us. Please use the media programs like serials to promote tolerance and harmony among people. 
0 0 Dear sir , i just have suggestion regarding the prevention of overcharging of meals in trains.Just provide an option for meal booking while booking a train ticket like the one used to provide bedrolls in garib rath .It would help in reducing practice of overcharging in trains .Moreover it would be good enough to replace the old cooking methods used in pantry cars with hitech ovens which would reheat the precooked meals .It would remove problems concerning food in trains and would boost railways. 
0 0 Sir saharo me rehnewalo ke pass bohat sara purana kapda ,medicines ,saman ,yahan tak ki kitab rehta hai jisko gharme rakhne ki place nahi hota lekin bohat sare garib logoko iski jarurat rehta hai ,kuch ngo ye kam kar rahe hain lekin koi sarkari subidha nahi hai jis se logo ko bharosa nahi hota ki unke daan ka sahi upiyog hua ki nahi kyun na ek sarkari sanstha banaya jaye jahan log apni purani useful saman de saken 
1 0 Mr. PM. We are already working on betterment of our infrastructure. Meanwhile we can also make use of our existing ones in a more efficient manner. Like schools can be turned into career counselling centers/training/computer centers during the night. Also there must be a consolidated effort towards finding the aptitude of our students in their early teens, so they have a clear direction from an early age and we are able to produce graduates with a high level of specialization. #MannKiBaat #MyGov 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, Jai Hind and Happy Diwali to you. First of all I would like to congratulate to you for all successful programmes launched by Our Government under your leadership. You are inspiration for us. Really our nation is changing and developing. The mission of Swacch Bharat has now become a vast program and we can see cleanliness at many places in our country. Gently request you to please initiate one more mission "Save Food, Produce Food" i.e, "Annam Raksham". 
0 0 Food adulteration is a serious crime however, authorities do not have any concrete plan to deal with this. Food adulterators must be booked for attempt to murder or murder as the case may be. Swatch bharat campaign must be followed with swasth (healthy)bharat. 
0 0 hello sir, i am a clat aspirant and have been preparing for last 6 months since their was no age limit for clat till last year according to supreme court decision of 27 march 2015. i am December 1995 born student and was eligible till the clause 28 was revived in mid September which states that age limit is set 20 year.i ws supposed to join bsc in biotech n medical courses, but i withdraw my admissions frm these college because of my keen interest in law.dont put age limit between the secession 
0 0 Hello sir, I am just sharing my views hope this will implement. 
0 0 Wish u all an elated and prosperous Diwali 
0 0 Respected soldiers ,service to humanity is service to the almighty. I could understand this quote through ur attitudes . Your express qualm behavior in order to qualm the essence of the wreaked havoc. Your integrated minds proves that you are ready to sacrifice ur lives for the welfare of the nation and born to serve the nation. If our lives are entertained with gaiety is only because of ur presence. We are very thankful to all ur sacrifices. Wish u all my respected jaw and an elated and prospeA 
0 0 I am Anupam Kumar from Motihari, Bihar. I am from the land of GandhiJi. I have written this hindi poem to thank our brave soldiers. I wish Respected PM sir will read this. 
0 0 Adarniye PM ji. While wishing everyone a happy and prosperous Deepavali,please mention how 'andhakar' is being removed from the lives of our kisans in 10000 villages because electricty has been brought to their homes. Request that you suggest to those villagers and our farmer brothers and sisters that they can now increase their incomes by installing  solar modules on their houses and feed back electricity to the grid. They can get loans from Mudra and subsidies from the government to do that. 
2 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,  सादर प्रणाम, पिछले महीने 25 सितम्बर को मन की बात कार्यक्रम में आपने आंगनवाड़ी के बच्चों के लिये खिलौने एकत्रित कर उनके चेहरों पर मुस्कान लाने का सुझाव दिया था. सूचना और प्रसारण मंत्रालय, भारत सरकार के क्षेत्रीय प्रचार निदेशालय, इंदौर ने इस दिशा में कार्य करना शुरू कर दिया है.  हमने खिलौने एकत्रित कर 26 अक्टूबर 2016 से इंदौर के आंगनवाड़ी केंद्रों में खिलौने देना शुरू कर दिया है. केंद्र सरकार की योजनाओं के प्रचार के साथ यह सिलसिला जारी रहेगा. मधुकर पवार, इंदौर 
0 0 Honorable PM of India, please kindly do favour for our drought area in Dharmapuri District, Kadathur New Union at Tamilnadu. We need urgently water supply for drinking and irrigation purpose urgently. No rain fall in our area for last 10 years. Please arrange pipeline project system from Gothavari Nizamsagar to Mettur dam kaveri river link through via Krishna south pennar, paalar kallar, Bommidi RS to Thoppaiyar Dam to fill water urgently. Also sea water can be pumped from chennai vellore. 
1 0 I request our respected prime minister to include autistic and mentally challenged individuals in the  category of divyang so that something can be done for their betterment. 
1 0 Respected prime minister please read the PDF file carefully sir please . 
2 0 Respected Sir,our Indian Educational system must be made of talent based and not cast based.There must be an equal cutoff criteria in every examination as we expect an equality in genders also.Exam doesn't see a person as caste based and is equal to all so must be cutoff after every exams.thank you for this service so that everyone can give there opinion for building a better India. 
0 0 Honorable Sir, since last few days there is a news regarding some new bank account opened for Army welfare and it asks people to deposit at least 1 Rs in it. No beneficiary name has been provided and account name is also doubtful. I and a lot of people believe this is fake account due to this as we already have defence fund. If this news is true please refrain the doubt in people minds . If not,order for inquiry of such types of frauds. 
1 0 Sir,Can we teach students about value based education and build confidence in them so that they will become an employment generator rather than seeker. Teaching should be based on providing education for solving the challenges that they will face in their life from different dimensions not just securing marks by rote. Student vision should be for India first rather than seeking himself only. And this kind education will be provided by giving them responsibility(as per their age). 
0 0 Honorable P. M. Sir, This is to request you to please develop a fair system for evaluation of TOLL being paid at STATE & NATIONAL highways and it's proper utilization since unlimited number of private & commercial vehicles pass through it every day fetching toll Authorities a huge some of money.Most of these tolls have made it an endless business with the help of certain corrupt officials 
0 0 Dear Honorable PM Shri. Narendra Modijee, This month, A 13-year-old girl in Hyderabad died after fasting for 68 days as per Jain rituals during the holy period of 'Chaumasa'. This is sheer cruelty on the part of her family. Please talk on this issue. On one hand we are loosing our kids in tribal region due to malnutrition and here in a well to do family, a young girl died due to fasting in front of the whole family. Such religious practices should be banned by law. 
0 0 Sir, It will be much helpful if biomatric system for the municipality pension holders of odisha can also be made as it is done for government pension holders so that the aged persons above 80/85 years of age can also receive their pension easily wherever they stay with their children within India. Thanking you. 
0 0 Sir if slums in big cities are transformed in such a way that they look clean and tidy then you can rename the area to "Aadarsh Nagar", just a thought. 
0 0 Respected sir I would lyk 2 draw ur attention towards disrespect of our national flag.I have seen it many times during 15/08 & 26/01 where flags are thrown on roads,dustbin etc.Bt there are some people at kashmiri gate isbt Delhi who takes money (donation) and pin up small paper flag on visitors shirt. problem is that  these flags are scattered  on raod & crushed by feet. I thought to stop those people but can't.our flag is symbol of our independence not a business thing. #mannkibaat 
0 0 HONORABLE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA SHRI NARENDRA MODI JI, Sir the healthcare system has to be strenghtened especially in terms of AVAILABILITY OF DIAGNOSTICS and MEDICINES.And I sincerely request the GOVERNMENT to initiate a program that supports and funds Cancer patients. 
0 0 Dear Honorable PM Kindly speak regarding Midage unemployement crises ,many thanks for providing such platforms to citizens this can be done non other than great leader or visionary . 
0 0 #mannkibaat Dear sir you are leading the country very well this time plz talk    jawan kisan and scientists who made every hting possible for us atal biharis slogan jai jawan jai kisan and jai vigyan 
0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister, Initially, many thanks for giving us such platform where we can share with you our ideas. I personally feel, we need to think of making Election Commission and its process digital especially the Elections where many citizens like me face difficulties due to mobilisation/ migration to different states during the elections. 
0 0 Honorable PM, Sir, recently you came to Vadodara for a public gathering, and we the citizens witnessed the best administrative personnel at their honest work, to make sure that our Beloved PM feels welcome to Home.But But But as you left the city, the life of common man was as usual, city was unclean as usual, no rules followed, nobody bothered...My question "Why the administrative wings can't think every individual as their beloved PM"...won't it make a BIG DIFFERENCE.. Thanks, Stalin 
0 0 First of all I want to thank you Mr. Prime Minister for your sincere efforts towards Swacch Bharat Mission. Even I was careless earlier but after listening to your thoughts I got inspired. I have even seen in public  the feeling to throw the garbages in dustbin. We all Indians would always b grateful for having such a prime minister. 
0 0 Hon;ble PM Please go through the file. 
0 0 भारत अपनी जनसंख्या के लिए पर्याप्त अन्न का उत्पादन कर रहा  है इसका श्रेय किसानो, कृषि वैज्ञानिकों तथा कृषि इंजीनियरिंग को जाता है| 1952 मे आईआईटी खड़गपुर मे कृषि इंजीनियर ब्रांच खोली गई उसके बाद राज्यो मे कृषि इंजीनियर के बहुत विश्वविद्याल खोले परंतु अफसोस केंद्र ने उसके बाद किसी आईआईटी मे कृषि इंजीनियरिंग नही खोली| प्रत्येक आईआईटी मे कृषि इंजीनियरिंग अनिवार्य रूप से खोल आप कृषि प्रधान देश के उत्थान मे सबसे बड़ा योगदान कर सकते है क्योंकि अधिक अन्न का उत्पादन भावश्य की जरूरत है| 
0 0 प्रधान मंत्री महोदय, एनो रेक्टम कैंसर के जिन मरीजों का मलद्वार सर्जरी द्वारा बंद कर पेट में विस्थापित कर दिया जाता है (एब्डोमिनोपेरेनियल रिसेक्शन) वे जीवन भर के लिए लाचार हो जाते हैं और महीने में लगभग 8000 रुपये के विशेष थैले उन्हें बदल बदल कर लगाने पड़ते हैं. इस प्रकार के सर्जरी याफ्ता मरीजों को स्थाई विकलांग का दर्जा तो मिलना ही चाहिए एवं इन्हें लगने वाले नियमित थैलों को भी नि:शुल्क उपलब्ध किया जाना चाहिए ताकि मरीज पर आजीवन पड़ने वाला बोझ कम हो सके. 
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, I think there should be an effective evaluation of government employees. Often we see/ face that the customers are standing at the desk and they keep on doing their own work. Because it is a myth that once you get a government job no one can sack you. Yesterday I saw a video on youtube showing a railway employee doing her personal work and people are waiting. As soon as someone protested she closed the counter. 
0 0 પહેલી Big bang થિયરી આવી 1927 માં અને પહેલું શિવપુરાણ રચાયું -  કોને ખબર, ❄ આપણે ભણીએ છીએ 100 વર્ષ જુનું જ્ઞાન જેની સચોટ તા નો આધાર પણ નક્કી નથી, આપણા પૂર્વજ એ ભણ્યા જે અંનંત સત્ય છે ❄ આપડે ભણેલી ગણેલી પ્રજા હજી વિચારીયે છીએ પહેલા મરઘી આઇ કે ઇંદુ આયુ, આપણા અભણ પૂર્વજોને એ ખબર હતી કે આટલું મોટું બ્રહ્માંડ ક્યાં થી આવ્યું ❄ હવે વિચારવાની વાત : કોણ ભણેલું જ્ઞાની અને કોણ અભણ, શું ભણ્યા એ મહત્વનું ??? શું જ્ઞાન લીધું એ મહત્વનું ??? 
0 0 honebled prime minister i want you to aware people about decreasing environment quality in our country,i think growing vegetation on vacant spaces of terrace would be good initiative to meet the demands of population for food and also this would prevent people from getting adulterated food as many countries are using such techniques everyone can't grow on large scale so if few plants would be grown then it will also make people involved in increasing greenary and clean environment 
0 0 Sir sabse pahle to mai apke liye kuch words kahna chahugi.... dhanya h ye desh jise aap jaisa PM mila h jiski wajah se india ko sare countries jante h and india k 1 alag pahchan h... meri school life me teacher PM ka nam yad krate the par ab bachcha-bachcha apko janta h... sir meri 1 request h aap plz 1 esi committee bnaiye jo shahido ki family ko rahat jald se jald pahuchaye. Kisi bhi shahid ki family k sath unjustice n ho..... VERY VERY HAPPY DIWALI SIR... 
0 0 आपको और आपके माध्यम से समस्त भारतवासियों को दीपावली और एकता पर्व की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएँ ! 
0 0 Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali !Happy Diwali ! 
0 0 Dear Sir, citing disabled friendly work place as the reason for transfer. They need to deal with buying of groceries to attending functions in personal. Disabled persons also have personal life. Just saying you will be provided with Quarters and reachable work place will not help. They need their family and friends to help them. Their needs are special. Native/home cadre posting helps them and the nation. 
0 0 MANN KI BAAT - OCT. 2016 Respected Sir, 1. Kindly advise citizens to activate our traditions, visit holy places of worship (Mandir, Gurudwara etc.). Spiritual energy is the guiding light to discover the real meaning of Diwali 2. Spread the sparkle of Diwali - urging citizens to celebrate with poorest of the poor - committing to offer the best of treatment to our armed forces always ! 3. Appeal for a Swachh & Swasth Diwali Happy Diwali ! Rajkaran Singh Bhatti Chandigarh 
0 0 महोदय, सातवें वित्त आयोग की अनुशंसाओं में ग्रेच्यूटी की सीमा बढाकर दोगुना करने का निर्णय स्वागत योग्य है पर इसका कट ऑफ वर्ष निश्चित होने के कारण एक दिन के हेर फेर से भी हितग्राहियों को भारी नफा नुकसान हो रहा है. कृपया इसके कट ऑफ का दिन निश्चित रखने के बजाय इसे प्रोराटा बेसिस पर पांच वर्षों के अंतराल पर क्रमश: बढ़ाया जाये ताकि एक दिन अथवा एक वर्ष पूर्व सेवानिवृत्त सदस्य भारी नुकसान न उठायें. 
0 0 मेरी एक समस्या हैं जिसे मैंने दूर करने की बहुत कोशिश किया पर नहीं हुआ मेरी समस्या ये हैं की हमारे भारत देश में जितनी भी सडके हैं लगभग सड़क पे ठोकर (ब्रेकर/bump) होता हैं,  ब्रेकर तो होता हैं ताकि लोग अपनी वाहन थीरे करे  जहा पर जरुरत हो,पर मेरी समस्या ये हैं की  ब्रेकर का रंग सडक के रंग के जैसी क्यों होती है, ब्रेकर का रंग सड़क के रंग के जैसा होने से कभी कभी  ब्रेकर दिख नहीं पता हैं जिससे दुर्घटना भी घटित हो जाती हैं मेरी बस इतनी सी विनती हैं की अगर मेरा समस्या सही तो इस पर एक बार ध्यान जरुर दे. 
0 0 प्रधान मंत्री महोदय, एनो रेक्टम कैंसर के जिन मरीजों का मलद्वार सर्जरी द्वारा बंद कर पेट में विस्थापित कर दिया जाता है (एब्डोमिनोपेरेनियल रिसेक्शन) वे जीवन भर के लिए लाचार हो जाते हैं और महीने में लगभग 800 रुपये के विशेष थैले उन्हें बदल बदल कर लगाने पड़ते हैं. इस प्रकार के सर्जरी याफ्ता मरीजों को स्थाई विकलांग का दर्जा तो मिलना ही चाहिए एवं इन्हें लगने वाले नियमित थैलों को भी नि:शुल्क उपलब्ध किया जाना चाहिए ताकि मरीज पर आजीवन पड़ने वाला बोझ कम हो सके. 
0 0 respected sir , recently we have heard about hospital catching fire due to lack of proper safety measures and not only this but also there are lots of other hospitals  that lack proper basic infrastructure facilities. sir  these hospitals in our country need proper attention from the govt.I hope you speak about this in the program. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Of India.. I would like to listen your views about the Laxmi pooja day of Diwali to Officially make this day to dedicate to all the girls and women in our country and urge each and everyone to keep them safe and happy by giving them all the rights they deserve and if it happens then I believe the India will Prosper the way she has never been Before. Laxmi Ji is present in every house in the form of a Mother,Sister,Daughter or Friend.. Just we need to embrace them. 
0 0 Sir please do something to stop corruption in Government appointments. Recently scientists were recurited in Dr. YS Parmar University of Horticulture and Forestry, Nauni (Solan) Himachal Pradesh. All the apponements were done on political consideration and meritorious candidates were ignored. i look forward to seek and end to this meance of corruption. Regards Lovnish Thakur Ph No: 09736437879 
0 0 Dear Modi Sir , Good Evening Thankyou for giving the opportunity to celebrate our diwali with our Army Forces, one more things i want to request please appeal to our people -"No Crackers" Thanks & Regards Anu 
0 0 This diwali I and my family did the shopping from our nearest Khadi Bhandar, it was a very happy movement purchasing the cloths. A positive vibe is created.  I will completely replace my clothes with Khadi gradually every year. I do hear people speaking negative things or are jealous of others. This is a very common thing so I would like you to tell all the persons through your talks to be positive, think positive and appreciate efforts of others, this creates a very healthy environment 
0 0 sir, why can't you start a move on stopping prostitution in our country.indians expect that you can do that sir . thank you.. 
0 0 sir, my best wishes to you and your government 
0 0 आदरनीय मोदी सर, आपको और पुरे देशवासियो को शुभ दीपावली. आपने कुछ दिनो पहले ही खादी के वस्त्रो पर जो योजना लाय है वो काफी सराहनीय है ! मेरी राय है कि आप इसे पुरे national level पर एक क्रांति के रुप मे लाए... इससे काफी रोजगार के अवसर उपलब्ध होंगे! सरहद पर हमारे देश की रक्छा करने वाले हमारे वीर जवानो को दीपावली की ढ़ेर सारी शुभकामनाएँ.. ......जय हिंद..... 
0 0 To my respected heroes soldier i'm from calicut dist nearby mahe,kerala,i wish to all my soldiers a very happy and a safe diwali.from the bottom of my heart thanks for keeping us safe.and u people are always in our prayers thank you soldiers. 
0 0 SIR, I AM FROM A SMALL VILLAGE IN RAJASTHAN NAMED MERTA CITY SIR I HAVE INTEREST IN SPORTS BUT HERE WE DONT HAVE ANY FACILITY  HERE SIR I REQUEST YOU TO PLEASE GIVE US A FACILITY OF SPORTS IN OUR VILLAGE. YOU ARE THE FIRST PRIME MINISTER TO WHOME WE CAN SHARE OUR PROBLEMS. YOU ARE BEST SIR. THANK YOU SO MUCH SIR FOR GIVING ME THIS OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT WITH YOU. BHARAT MATA KI JAI. #MannKiBaat #MyGov #AIR #PMOnRadio 
0 0 अगर किसी व्यक्ती के नाम जमीन या/एवं घर, दो से अधीक हो भले ही अलग अलग जगहों पर हो, ऊन्हे जायदाद कर भरते समय आधार या पॅन का्र्ड नंबर से जुडा जाय|  ईस से ऊसकी संपत्ती का पता चल पायेगा| 
0 0 Sir roads and education system in bihar are really worse. Life becomes really horrible while travelling through these roads. Am really worried about the education system followed here. Please do something regarding these two problems. 
0 0 relatively counterfeit - proof. True, the introduction might cause some hassles to white money holders but only for a short time. Any black money hoarder can get this new Rs.200 notes in lieu of their hidden wealth, provided, they furnish the P A N / Aadhar & Latest I T Returns. This could easily unearth another tranche of BM ! 
0 0 Dear P M Sir! Good Evening ! The move to introduce Rs.2,000 Currency notes into circulation as reported in The Hindu - Business Line of Saturday, the 22nd instant comes as a shocker for any patriotic Indian and we are afraid if this would derail your ambitious fight against black money. In fact, it would be a better move to totally de - monetize Rs.500 & Rs.1,000 Notes and introduce either Rs.200 or Rs.250 Notes with more Security features like Currency in vogue in Malaysia & Singapore that are 
0 0 Sir, 7cpc pay implementation GO has not been released yet for autonomous bodies/Institution. Three month have been past since finance ministry released the GO in july 2016 for GOI employees. 
0 0 Pm modi ji...i belong from yr parliament constituency,I work in CRPF as sub inspector but amenities meet in jungle or in company are in very harsh condition.jawan not only have to sleep a sleepless night as bedding facility provided is in very poor condition,also jawan has to wait long for their urgent required leave.Family quarters in group centre not get proper electricity and even water,jawan who work away from his family is in very tensed condition always think about his family. 
0 0 REspected PMji People should visit nearby jawan's house on Martyrs day and pay respect.If their parents or  wife or children need any  help people should be ready to do.Please share this thought also among people. 
0 0 I am NRI based at Shanghai China. In "Man Ki Bat" please elaborate on platforms where NRIs can directly contribute, connect with people of Homeland, India in the field of education, skill development. I am making a small contribution by sponsoring 5 Engineering students of the Government Engineering College Bilaspur Chhattisgarh where I studied but I want to take it to much higher and sustainable level.Attached documents outline the concept which I have implemented so far. Small step 
0 0 Please read my opinion on social issues casteism #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
0 0 Respected PMji Please talk about Waste management.Most of the people are not aware that with wastes they earn money. In TN some village people make bio gas,food items,roads with plastic and had given jobs to many. But other states even developed state Maharashtra and Delhi are neglecting this matter.Wastes will be the reason for next dispute. Some states treat the adjoining states as dustbin. 
0 0 #MannKiBaat Happy Deepawali to Indian  Army ---------------------------------- इस बार खलिहान में दीप भी, तो सीने में मशाल भी जलाऊँगा, घर में तो रहूँगा, मगर दीवाली शरहद पे मनाऊँगा। एक बार ख्याल उनका भी करूंगा जो दूर अपनों से हैं, एक फुलझड़ी सैनिकों के नाम भी उड़ाऊँगा। #MannKiBaat 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, Lot of appreciable efforts has been done by the Govt to equip persons with disabilities with aids and appliances.However much efforts are needed to explore new livelihood opportunities for them as per the present market demand and design and develop skill training programme accordingly to bring them to main stream. Even National institutes are lacking this vision. 
0 0 #MannKiBaat सैनिक की अभिलाषा ------------- मेरी मातृभूमि! माँ मेरी! जा रहा हूँ तज गोद तेरी, जानता हूँ...... हुई है किसी की कोख सुनी, किसी की मांग....... किसी नवजात का नहीं अब कोई सहारा, आखिरी सांस ने भी कसम यही उठाई फिर जन्म लूँगा! प्राण दूंगा! गर वतन ने पुकारा। #MannKiBaat 
0 0 #MannKiBaat सैनिक की अभिलाषा मेरी मातृभूमि! माँ मेरी! जा रहा हूँ तज गोद तेरी, जानता हूँ...... हुई है किसी की कोख सुनी, किसी की मांग....... किसी नवजात का नहीं अब कोई सहारा, आखिरी सांस ने भी कसम यही उठाई फिर जन्म लूँगा! प्राण दूंगा! गर वतन ने पुकारा। #MannKiBaat 
1 0 I kindly request you sir that is made some rule  to decrease fast increaseing population ... 
0 0 #MannKiBaat इस बार खलिहान में दीप भी, तो सीने में मशाल भी जलाऊँगा, घर में तो रहूँगा, मगर दीवाली शरहद पे मनाऊँगा। एक बार ख्याल उनका भी करूंगा जो दूर अपनों से हैं, एक फुलझड़ी सैनिकों के नाम भी उड़ाऊँगा। #MannKiBaat 
0 0 #MannKiBaat: Modi jee I feel that in India our behavior varies markedly depending on the other person's social & financial status, gender,age, caste and creed..we are not polite to everyone, we may look down on people we feel are lower than us. Why is our behavior not dependent on our own 'sabhyata' . Don't all Indians have the right to dignity ? We can start with being polite to the people who come to work in our homes. They should not be shouted at..Right to dignity is every Indian's right.. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आपको और इस देश के सैनिकों को दीपावली की हार्दिक शुभकामनाये। मैं मन की बात कार्यक्रम के माध्यम से देश के लोगों से गुज़ारिश करता हूँ की दिवाली दीपों का और खुशियों का त्यौहार है, आप इस दिवाली संकल्प लें की आप पटाखे न जलाएं अपने और अपने परिवार की सुरक्षा करें और उन पैसों से किसी गरीब की मदद कर दें या देश के विकास में अपना योगदान दें तो यह सही मायने में दिवाली होगी और इससे प्रदुषण कम होगा और इससे होने वाली बीमारियां भी कम होगी । इससे देश की तरक्की और समृद्धि बढ़ेगी। 
0 0 Dearn Sir,Namaste Pranam. Apko diwali ki shubhkamana meri taraf se. Mai enginering complete kiya hu lekin job nahe mil rahe hai balki mai akela nahe sare bharat vasi ke yuwa logo ki yahi kahani hai unke pass knwoledge hai degree hai lekin job creation nahe ho pa raha hai.muje samaj me nahe aa raha hai ki bharat me job creation Q nahe ho raha hai? Etna paisa kharch karke mere pitaji ne padaya mujko uska to kuch fal he nahe mil raha hai kya aisi kitne zindage bitana? #MeraMankiBat 
0 0 Dear Sir, I want to draw your attention towards unnecessary usage of air conditioner in premises of govt as well as private, even in winter , where there is no external air & sound pollution. It not only consumes lot of power without any necessity , but also there is no sufficient oxygen inside such premises ,as air conditioner circulates only internal air only, causing stale air without any air circulation from outside. Thanking you prasanta 
0 0 Respected Yashashvi Modi Ji, Jai Bharat! Aapka Netritva , desh ke hum sabhi logon ka saath, Shubh Deepawali 
0 0 साधन विहीन सरकारी विद्यालय एवं शिक्षक विहीन महाविद्यालय में पढ़ने वाला भारत का तरुण एवं युवा वर्ग अच्छी शिक्षा एवं कुशलता के अभाव में राष्ट्र का भविष्य कैसे बना पायेगा? इस विषय पर आपकी योजना जानने का इच्छुक छोटे छोटे शहरों में रहने वाला माध्यम वर्ग है| इस विषय को "मन की बात" के माध्यम से बताने की कृपा करें| 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister In 2015 India is the home to the largest number of children who are working illegally in various industries, agricultural sector hosts the maximum. There is a sea difference in the numbers given by the census (around 45 lakh) and the numbers given by civil society (around 5 crore) regarding child labour. India is one of only seven countries in the world that have not ratified the ILO Convention No.182 on worst forms of child labour, 1999. Hoping to see initiative. Thank you. 
0 0 very very happy diwali to our real heroes and their family #sandesh2soldiers 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, इस बार अपने संबोधन में इस बात पर बल दीजिये की इस दीपावली से सभी लोग ईमानदारी से लक्ष्मी जी की आराधना करें.आप के प्रयासों से केंद्र सरकार के ऊपरी स्तर पर तो भ्रस्टाचार पर रोक लगी है, लेकिन दुर्भाग्यपूर्ण है कि अभी निचले स्तर पर रिश्वत और भ्रस्टाचार पर अंकुश नहीं लग पा रहा है.मुझे पूरा विश्वास है कि आपकी अपील पर लोग रिश्वत लेना बंद कर देंगे.एक ऐसा तकनीकी तंत्र विकसित किया जाय जिसमे कोई भी रिश्वत लेने वाले की शिकायत कर सके और उसकी पहचान गोपनीय रहे.धन्यवाद. 
1 0 Hon PM Sir, Namaste..!! I m a Homoeopathic Practitioner since 10yrs & I wish to painfully bring to ur notice that in our country the awareness for Holistic Therapies is very poor.I respect your vision in making India Viswaguru, But I wish to emphasize to you that India is already VISHWAGURU in Homoeopathy.! Not many people know about it.We have great support from Our Govt..I request you to kindly share your thoughts on Homoeopathy to improve mass awareness.Regards, Dr Rajesh Upadhyay, Amravati 
0 0 We Salute you Soldiers 
0 0 HAPPIE DIWALI SOLDIERS...... AAPKO SEEMA KI SURAKSHA KARNE K LIYE DIL SE DHANYAWAD. 
0 0 Please ignore my yesterday's message. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Kindly speak on how we should respect our army men & their courage.It is extremely important for us to do so. 
0 0 sir .. Gav (Village) me saf pine ke pane (drinking water) ke bare me bat kijiye iss se bhi bahut logo ko labh hoga aur kai bimariyo se bachav hoga 
0 0 सरकारी योजनाओ को ग्रामीणों तक पहुचाने का सबसे अच्छा तरीका है ग्राम पचायतो को बोला जाए कि गाँव  के बाहर एक बोर्ड लगाया जाए और उस पर सरकारी योजनाओं के बारे में लिखा जाए #MannKiBaat #PMOnRadio 
0 0 हम भारतवासियॊ का अन्याय व बुराइयॊ सॆ लडनॆ का अनुभव बहुत पुराना है भगवान श्री राम नॆ रावण कॊ मारकर युगॊ पहलॆ इसकी शुरुवात की थी अब हमारॆ श्री राम रूपी सैनिक रावण रूपी पाकिस्तानी आतन्कवादियॊ कॊ मार रहॆ है 
0 0 Dear sir, civil hospital in samalkha block panipat need a attention. There are no a single eye droop medicine. Doctors used to write medicine for outside, which are so costly. 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर नमस्कार! #Sandesh2Soldiers मुहीम के ज़रिये हम भारतीयों को हमारे सैनिक तथा सुरक्षबलों से त्योहारो के शुभ अवसर पर अपना प्रेम और भावनाये उनसे जोड़ने के लिए आप को कोटि कोटि धन्यवाद्। 
1 0 तीन तलाक के सम्बंध में 
0 0 आदरणीय सर मेरा आपसे विनम्र निवेदन है की आप जो पैसे विधायको को देते हैं गली, मोहोल्ले और शहरों में काम करवाने के लिए देते हैं उन पैसों की अच्छे तरीके से जाच होनी चाहिए और वहां के लोगों से पूछ ताछ करनी चाहिए की वहां विकास हो रहा है की नहीं. सर एक ऐसी टीम बननी चाहिए जो इन सबकी जाच कर सके. थैंक्स 
0 0 Sir. Main chahta hun ki aap iss mann ki baat karyakram me desh ke veer jawano ke baare me bole.isse desh wasiyo me desh bhakti jag rut hogi . aap ko aur desh ke jawano ko deepawali ki hardik shuvkamnaye. Happy diwali  #Mann ki baat 
0 0 happy diwali to all my amry bhai :) and thank u for protect us 
0 0 I wish our honourable and beloved PM talks on the following issues in Mann ki bat :- 1. Triple talk and poor financial independence of Muslim women in our country. 2. Low literacy in Muslim community in comparision to other communities in the country. 3. Child labour among Muslims particularly due to large size of the family. This is very important at this particular juncture when entire country is focusing on improvement in Muslim community. With respectful regards 
0 0 Respected Sir, i want to say that government employee should gave there service in different way i.e.(1) 1G (first generation) oldest way to give service. (2) 2G (2nd generation) with some advance natural algorithms of services.(3) 3G (3rd generation) advance to 2G. (4) 4G(forth generation) advance to 3G.(5) 5g (Fifth generation) advance to 4G. So for 1st we have to point out that on which generation type of services govt.employees r providing to public&how much study groups r working4next G. 
0 0 श्रीमान जी मै आप से अनुरोध करता हु  की आप इस दिपावली पर उन सभी शहीदो के परिवार वालो से  ओर घायल सैनिको के साथ अपने आवास भेंट करे आप कि अति कृपया हो गई 
0 0 main Pradanmanti Ji apko aur Sare Bharat Vashiyo ko Deewali ki subhkamnye deta hu . Aur main aapse education lone ke bae me baa karna chahta hu.Hamari Sarkar Education Loan Ka intrest deti .Lakin Jab  ham Bank Me jate hain to bank manager education laon ke naam par apana muh pher leta h, Bahane banae Lagta h .Main Education loan apko nhi de saka jo bank de rhi ho main usme aap ka account transfer ka deta hu.Sir kuch karo Yeh studen ke liye baht badi problem h. 
0 0 It's a very urgent and important, please go through it properly. And please acknowledge it. 
0 0 China has purchased 80 Sukhoi-30 & 6 Units of S-400 Sam launchers between year 2000-2016, which will act as it's 1st line.All thanks to the lithargeness of UPA govt at that time. Recently China has also managed to prepare a Chinese version of American F-35,the most adv fighter plane, by hacking American defense website and stealing F-35 data technology. This has come like a jerk to American economy as they spent billions on its development and must have planned to earn it's royalty by selling it 
0 0 Respected PM Pls stop SRA HOUSING SCAM AT ASALPHA VILLAGE MUMBAI BY AGENTS AND GOONS. ILLEGAL AND EXTRA ROOMS PASSED IN ANNEXURE 2. STOP THIS SCAM. INITIATE MHADA SURVEY AND MHADA HOMES. 
0 0 PM SIR,Happy DIWALI wishes from VARANASI!In context of changing scenario slogan of the country should be-"JAI JAWAN,JAI KISSAN ! JAI JAI URJA,BHARAT MAHHAN!" One step ahead to what our late PM Shastri ji had given.Which will make His soul happier by knowing that His beloved country is progressing as URJA--symbol for economic,materialistic(spiritual too-subtle URJA)& industrial development making BHARAT MAA MAHHAN but on His same backbone& foundation-JAWAN & KISSAN.Regards-ENERGY CONSULTANT 
0 0 जो बच्चे घर से बाहर जाते हैं कमाने के लिए, वो वहीँ के हो रह जाते हैं और दिवाली जैसे त्योहारों पे भी घर नहीं आते या कई दफा अनेक कारणों से नहीं आ पाते हैं तो एक ज़िक्र इसपे भी होना चहिये की कैसे माँ बाप अपने बच्चों के लिए बेसब्री से इंतज़ार करते हैं और बच्चे किसी वजह से नहीं आ पाते हैं| जिनका जायज़ है, उनका तो कुछ नहीं कर सकते लेकिन औरों को ये सीख देनी चाहिए की ऐसे त्योहारों पे कम से कम अपनी प्राथमिकताएं बदल के थोडा सा वक़्त अपने परिवार और माँ बाप के लिए भी निकलें और त्योहारों पे घर पहुचें ! 
0 0 यदि हम विकसित भारत चाहतॆ हॆ तॊ सर्व प्रथम हमॆ अपनॆ दॆश सॆ हर तरह कॆ भॆदभाव कॊ समाप्त करना हॊगा  भगवान श्री कृष्ण नॆ श्रीमद् भगवद् गीता मॆ कहा हॆ ‍‍‍‍== ईश्वर सर्वभूतानाम् ह्रदॆशॆअर्जुन तिष्थति    ( श्लॊक 61 अध्याय 18 ) अर्थात् = हॆ अर्जुन . ईश्वर सभी जीवॊ कॆ ह्रदय मॆ निवास करतॆ है जब भगवान सभी कॆ ह्रदय मॆ समानरूप सॆ निवास  है तॊ भॆदभाव् किस बात का श्रीमद् भगवद् गीता मॆ भगवान श्री कृष्ण नॆ कर्म कॆ साथ साथ समानता का भी उपदॆश दिया है 6 दिसम्बर सॆ 10 दिसम्बर तक कुरुक्षेत्र में गीता जयन्ती 
0 0 इसके साथ ही ट्रिपल तलाक बंद होना चाहिए 
0 0 इस बार मन की बात में जाती गत आरछण बंद करके आर्थिक  आरछण  लाने के लिए बात होना चाहिए 
1 0 Respected P. M. Sir, Recently came across Grippen fighter plane deal along with transfer of technology.But does it really holds a cutting edge over it's competitors like SU 30/35vF16 & others.plane is 4th generation and is also under upgradation to 5th generation. Plane costs about 45mill $ while SU30 costs 65mill $.In terms of combat it holds 3/10 while SU 30 holds 7/10. It's only fuel efficient & low maintenance plane but can't be taken in 1st line in modern warfare 
0 0 India urgently needs a Nutrition Revolution: Today, India has a double burden on malnutrition( both under-nutrition and obesity together). India  bears the burden of one-fifth of the total global burden of disease, one-quarter of maternal conditions causing death and one-third of nutritional deficiencies. India's food system is almost broken. India needs a Nutrition Revolution; which can transform it to a developed nation, ensure food and nutrition sovereignty and   empower the generations. 
1 0 Respected Prime Minister, Season's Greetings. Sir, There is huge consumption of fire wood for performing the last rites. The government should take immediate steps to have atleast one electric crematorium in every town with a population of 2 lakhs and in cities having population of more than 5 lakhs, there should be an electric crematorium in every cremation ground. Many towns and cities still do not have electric crematorium facilities inspite of people ready to make use of it. Thank you. 
2 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister Sir,Last week I was at Invest MP Global Investor Summit, where I was listening to our Petroleum Minister Shri Dharmedra Pradhan ji & he was addressing on Pradhan Mantri Ujawala Yogana.As I am aware that the distribution was done thru OMC PSU’s (IOCL, HPCL, BPCL) that linked thru Aadhar. Hence the procurement & distribution system is very robust & full proof.I got an Idea of distribution of 1KW/2KW roof top solar power module thru the same network. 
1 0 Honorable PM ji. I wish you creat awareness among India consumers to be quality awarenes when buying a products. Especialy when buying GOLD, they must look for BIS Hallmarked. When FOOD they must look for AGMARK and other products ISI Mark. Thank you. 
2 0 Respected sir , As we all know farmers are the backbone of our country, we are surviving our life properly just because of farmers, If there is no farmer we will not be able to survive a single day, but this time it is very sad to say that they r suffering a lot and compel to commit suicide due to loan or drought or any other natural calamities. I have a suggestion on it how to save life’s of farmers. Atached a pdf 
1 0 हमारे देश में IIT, IIM जैसे प्रतिष्ठित संस्थानों से उत्तीर्ण हुए मेधावी युवक एवं युवतियाँ अधिकतर विदेशी कंपनियों के लिए काम कर रहे हैं चाइना अपने देश में अधिकतर स्वदेशी वस्तुओं एवं साफ्टवेयर का ही उपयोग करता है और इण्टरनेट तक पर कड़ी निगरानी रखता है और केवल उन्ही WEBSITES को आम जनता तक पहुँचाता है जिसे वह देश के हित में ठीक समझता है जिससे वह अन्य देशों द्वारा HACKING और DATA LEAKING एवं अन्य प्रयासों से बच जाता है 
1 0 Bharat k veer jawano ap logo ko mera sat sat naman hai. Ap log aise hi bharat ki raksha karte rehna aur dusmno ki napak kartuto ka muhtode jawab dete rehna. Jai hind 
0 0 Namaskar 
0 0 Sir Pls stop Sra Scam in Mumbai by agents and goons. Legal action to be taken on members who are allotted extra rooms on single room. Single room partition is done and 2-4 rooms are passed. Stop Scams. INITIATE MHADA SURVEY AND MHADA HOMES. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Jay Hind & Jay Bharat. Jese gujarati subject ko compulsory kayak he har medium me bas were hi hammer dharm granth geeta ke kuch important topics ko ek lesson banker gujarati subject me add karvaiye. Qki agar insane ko insane banana he to geeta path samjana jaruri he. Isi liye jo bade ho chuke unko dhyan me rakhte hue aj ke chote bacchoko gujarati subject me agar ye lesson add ho aye to wo bade hokar jimmedari or insaniyat ki bhasa samjege. podhe ko jese modo were bada hotahe. Thanx. 
0 0 Hello sir,Iam kindly requesting you to start a program(donating an organ).there are many people liked to give their organs after their death but they don't no how to give their organ.so iam suggessted you to start this program. with the donating organs we can help the handicapped peoples.I don't no how this idea works but if it works we are going to save many people who are suffering from blind,lungs,heart and many.so iam kindly you to start this program 
0 0 I am thinking to give back everything to my nation and was thinking of the process of how to achieve it? If I register a will that all my belongings may go to the Prime Ministers Relief Fund, is it possible that the PMO takes the responsibilities to get them transferred to the Prime Ministers Relief Fund after my death? 
0 0 happy diwali to great soldiers. 
0 0 Good morning, I request you,sir, 1)to initiate a thought of using BICYCLES as a ONLY MEANS OF TRANSPORT by the STUDENTS,(atleast till +2) across the country, so that the generation have an idea environment safety. 2)our generation had studied that GITA is our holybook,but never opened the book neither we have grand parents to teach us.. So kindly have a thought of introducing holybooks or its contents as one of the SUBJECT like  moral stories from d childhood which builds healthy CHARACTER. 
0 0 Sir, residing at Bangalore I saw the very ugly side of democracy due to Cauvery water sharing issue recently.Enemity between Tamils and kannadigas are much uglier than India and Pak, borders became even bigger.Busses , movies etc were banned.Its like two children fighting for the same toy. Permanent solution is also not visible in near future. This situation arises every time there is abnormal rains. Please do intervene at the earliest. The damages are in crores , morale also very low. Jai hind. 
0 0 Why don't take reservation based on financial condition than caste. Sir u are strong votary of vivekanada who never talked of such provisions. Sir, my father is totally tired of pulling rickshaw for more than 20 years. Is there justice in India and especilly in your regime that supposed to be different form others in the past. Sir do something, We are also human being. Your Mann Ki Bat will be a success when you raise genuine problems of common man. Your way is right but we should be taken int 
0 0 sir Pranam. I beling to a very poor family. My father is a rikshaw puller in luknow at latouche road.I am 27 years old. My family's finacial condition is pathetic. I have been teaching coaching,tuitions...etc but unable to meet basic needs of three sisters,two brother and parents. IN U P TRAINEE TEACHER RECRUITMENT 2011 MY TET MARKS-116 DOB 20-07-1989 NOT SELECTED YET, BUT OBC-111 SELECTED,SC/ST-105 SELECTED.My OBC,SC,ST FRIENDS ARE TEACHERS NOW BUT I AM FILURE THOUGH FINANCIALLY PORRER THAN... 
0 0 पूरे विश्व में इण्टरनेट का उपयोग करने वाले भारतीयों का २०% हिस्सा चाइनीज़ साफ्टवेयरों का उपयोग कर रहा है जैसे UC BROWSER पिछले कुछ दिनों के आँकलन (analysis) में यह पाया गया कि चाइना ने हिंदुस्तान में तीन दिन में पांच लाख से अधिक मोबाइल फोन बेचे दुःख के साथ कहना पड़ रहा है कि हमारे पास एक भी ऐसा स्वदेशी साफ्टवेयर नहीं है जो कि GOOGLE या UC BROWSER का राष्ट्रीय या अन्तर्राष्ट्रीय स्तर पर विकल्प बन सके| 
0 0 Respected Sir, I feel very hurt when we say that we have signed xx billion defence deals with different nations. For the past so many years we have been relying on different nations for our defence equipments. Do we have any road map where we can say that after this many years India will using only Make in India Equipments and we will be exporting them instead of importing. 
0 0 veer poem 
0 0 Hello Sir, I want to wish through you to our soldiers a very happy Diwali. I hope this Diwali brings hope of peace from the other side so that no more lives of our brave men are lost at the border. You have been spending your past 2 diwalis with our jawans at border. So, I thought who better than you to send our greetings to our protectors, who risk their lives 365 days a year so that their country's people could sleep peacefully.Please let them know that all their countrymen are with them. 
0 0 Respected Sir,I belong to a small village named MotiRam Ka Purwa which comes in Pratapgarh district of UP. In my village people raise cows to meet their milk demands but when cow gives birth to male cow they have it till the time cow is giving milk but once male cow had grown up they leave it open as villagers can't afford to feed him through out his life. Because of this it eats other people crop and damages the field. Can you please provide some solution to this problem. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I wanted your bring your kind attention towards pneumonia & diarrhea burden in India.  As world pneumonia day is approaching (Nov-12), could you please bring this fact to fore that every 2 minutes a child in India dies of pneumonia & diarrhea in India. In 2015, more than 12 lakh children under age 5 died in India, of which 25% were due to pneumonia & diarrhea. We can prevent these deaths with vaccination, safe drinking water, sanitation & adequate nutrition. Plz talk abt this as well 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी स्वास्थ स्वयं स्थापित होने वाली क्रिया है, बशर्ते आप भोजन (खाद्य, पेय), निद्रा, शौच तथा श्रम के महत्व को समझते हो वर्ना स्वास्थ कुछ लोगो के लिये मात्र एक सपना तथा कुछ लोगो के लिये पैसा कमाने का साधन रहेगा। स्वास्थ नीति मे सिर्फ योग पर काम करके या स्वच्छ पानी पर कार्य करके स्वास्थ प्राप्त नही होगा। इसके बजाय पूर्वानुमान से आपको आहारविहार विचार मे शुध्दता रखने की जरूरत है। 
0 0 Election commission should think on the lines to make Aadhar Card use for voting purpose, total online voting. So people who can not walk or leave their home can also vote. 
0 0 Sir, Will it be possible to make compulsory to broadcast "E mere watan ke logo" song sung by Lata Mangeshkarji at all public events organised by Government? So that, a little bit corruption can be controlled! 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी सादर वंदन, वास्तविकता यह है कि हमारा उद्देश्य स्वास्थ प्राप्त करना है, लेकिन हम बीमारी पर चर्चा करते है। अगर हम स्वस्थ भारत चाहते हैं तो हमे स्वच्छता अभियान का दायरा बढाना होगा। हम बाहर कूडा नही  फैलाने की बात करते हैं लेकिन हम अपने पेट में क्या डाल  रहे  हैं  उसके बारे मे नही सोचते हैं। शौचलय बांधने से ही स्वच्छता का काम पूरा नही होगा अपितु मलबध्दता भी दूर करना होगा। आहार पूर्ति योजना से काम पूरा नही होगा, भूख जागृत करने ,पाचन शक्ति मजबूत करने के विषय मे विचार करना हो 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister As we have recently signed the Paris Climate Change Agreement.Kindly inform the nation that how is India going to be an active part of the Climate Change deal.What steps is the government taking to be an active part of the Climate Change Deal and how is India & our government going to fight the global issue of Climate Change Arjun Sharma Student Mumbai 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी बीमारी पर खर्चे की प्रत्याभूती प्रणाली(HEALTH INS) से से ज्यादा अच्छा होगा कि नागरिक स्वास्थ सक्षमीकरण प्रणाली बनायी जाये जिससे कि  वह बीमार ही न हो. भारतीय संविधान ने  स्वास्थ के लिये जरूर सरकार की जिम्मेदारी तय की है, लेकिन स्वास्थ एक व्यक्तिगत जिम्मेदारी है। बीमार मुक्त होने मे रोगी तथा डॉक्टर की अहम भूमिका है। आप जैसे सरकारी महकमे मे जिम्मेदारी तय करने की सोचते हैं वैसे ही रोगी तथा डॉक्टर की भी कुछ जबाबदेही तय करने से ही Non Communicable Disease मे रोक लग सकती ह 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Kindly share with the nation about the restricted talks you held in the BRICS-BIMSTEC with the nation leaders.Also the talks you held with them about how all nations can together fight terrorism.Also how is China going to Help India in fighting the cross border terrorism?? 
0 0 Sir, Expect all other Chief Ministers of states also to start "Man Ki Baat", like you do. Let there be a faster development with everyone included. 
0 0 2nd world war ke baad britain aur hind ke virodh paksh ke bade asantust leaders ne zahrila jo rayata failaya huva hai usko sametane ka vakt ho gaya hai 
1 0 Sir, on this occasion of deepavali can you request the citizens of the country to use the fire crackers to minimum level to prevent pollution and prevent various respiratory diseases in vulnerable population and ultimately help in climate change. 
0 0 Sir PDF system under NFSA is required to be scrutinized and reviewed as lot of genuine citizens are excluded under priority and lost of  on-rightful people are included. It seems this  system would utter be a mockery to the people of the  country. In fact, proper survey is not made which causes of deprival of rights of genuine people. Government is doing everything, but  it is syphoning in between. most of the targeted groups are deprived of their rights. Please look into this Sir.Kind Regards 
0 0 Sir,just like corporate social responsibility(CSR), we can request the start for personal social responsibility(PSR) from renowned sport players, actors,actresses,businessman to donate their 1 day time in month for various governmental social awareness and changes programs like Swacch Bharat Abhiyan, beti padhao, beti bachao abhiyan etc.to use their personal influence to bring about positive change in country. 
0 0 Sir, I am writing suggestions/requests through my gov thinking that it would be reaching to you easily. But looking to the \non-response from your goodself, I presume that whether I am wasting my time and  energy. EPF pensioners; grievances still unsolved. I am repeatedly writing to you with full confidence that genuine matters would be given priority. Please include this matter in your priority list a word through  Manki Bath may e given  in this regards. Best wishes always. 
0 0 Sir, still EPF pensioners are just like orphans and neglected. EPF pension is not increased not yet since its implemention in 1995.(i.e. inpite of completion of 21 years!) Please atleat include PF pensioners in the Priority List under NFSA as with the meagre pension of Rs.1000/- per month how can they survive? I hope our grievances/voices are reaching to you as  inspite of  several communications,no response from your go goodself  so far. Please let us  live instead of starving death 
0 0 Aapke jajbe aur aapke pesheko salaam humara khushiyo ki diwali..aap fauji bhaiyo ke naam... Amar nath tripathi 
0 0 My suggestion for Facilitating Employment for people migrating from Rural areas to Cities 
0 0 Sir, This refers to the issue  pertaining to the no confidence  resolution  passed  by the Navi Mumbai  civic   body against Navi Mumbai Muncipal  Commissioner, Tukaram Munde, on which Chief  Minister  Devendra Fadnavis has to take a decision. Sir, Mr. Munde has been doing good work fearlessly. Hence he should not be removed. If he is removed it would give a signal to the common public that vested  interests of few people  override good governance  and progress 
0 0 With due respect, we humbly bring to your kind notice that, as we understand, as per the norms laid by the governent, I am eligible for Priority Ration card, but as per the recent draft list published by the State Government my card is stated as Non-Priority. I am fully confident that the government wouldnot deprive the rights of genuinecitizens.As per my observation, experience,surveys  not  sincerely made due to which lotof discrerpancies and anomalies.Kindly pay personal attention towards it. 
0 0 Sir, we have extreme climates across the length and breadth of the country. Why not change office timings to suit them like having two timings during summer, like 7 am to 10 am and 5 pm to 8 pm during summer. This will increase the efficiency of the staff and cut down on AC requirement of the office. Transportation may be a problem but many other advantages. Can be experimented with the willing one's first. 
0 0 Respected prime minister narendra modi ji, mera naam Hrithik jagdish verma hai, sir mei uttarakhand k nainitaal district ka vaasi hu, badi mehnat aur parishram k baad maine apni pehli pustak likhi hai jiska naam "yours unfaithfully forever" hai, sir mere parivaar mei mere pita nahi hai isi karanvash mei apne pustak ki dusri copy aapko sadar bhent karna chahta hu...mujhe pata hai ki aap bahut vyasta honge par fir bhi agar aap mere liye keval 5 minutes nikal le to mei aapka bahut ehsanmand hunga. 
0 0 MY SUGGESSTION IS FOR SWACHA BHARAT ===DUST FREE INDIA===---TO CLEAN THE BOTH HE END SIDE OF ROAD ---WE CAN USE LONG BROOM OF 5 FEET LONG STICK AND COCONUT MADE BROOMS HORIZONTAL.  YOU CAN SEE THIS ROAD END 3 TO 4 FEET FULL OF DUST . AND IF ANY VEHICLE LIKE BUS --TRUCK PASS ON IT THE WHOLE DUST SPREAD IN THE AIR AND EFFECT THE EYES AND LUNGS OF PEOPLE AND SOME TIME ACCIDENT MAY OCCUR.BY THIS JOB WE CAN CREAT JOB FOR POOR. WHENEVER PEOPLE LIKE YOU COMES IN CITY THEY CLEAN THIS END OF ROADS. 
0 0 Wish u a very #HAPPY_DIWALI to all the Indian defenders and ur family. We are proud of U. #A_Grand_Salute to all of u guyzzz. #JAIHIND 
2 0 Dear PM, My idea is to use 10% of area on Hoardings displayed on Highways, Roads, City area or anywhere to give message of Swachh Bharat. These commercial advertising space can be very effective way of spreading awareness of Swachh Bharat and it will keep reminding/educating people to keep India clean and safe. There must be crores of such Hoardings/Displayed in India, we just need to make it mandate to show any slogans or message related to Swachh Bharat compulsorily #AIR Amey Gatphane,Pune 
0 0 wishing all my army a very happy and prosperous diwali.... LET THEIR BE LIGHT, ON BOTH SIDE OF BORDERS. 
0 0 Respected sir, I am very appreciate your ideas and thought to discuss in Mann Ki Baat. I am listen all episode Maan Ki Baat in every sunday. I want to draw your kind attention on Digitalize india. Please stop export by china product and make all product into india. My suggestion is that:- Please open small social activities into all over countries. into a rural areas to start a project to small scale to large scale How to make Product.give monopoly to all sector . 
0 0 Hon'bl PM Sir I belongs from Teh. Sardhana, Meerut. Ajadi ke baad se aab tak, there is no railway line in my town. Jabkee Meerut is only 15 KM & Daurala only 08 KM from there. You are please requested to please take some favorable decision in this. with great regards, Bharat Garg Bharat Desh ka nagrik 8423556186 
0 0 Hon'bl PM Sir I belongs from Teh. Sardhana, Meerut. Ajadi ke baad se aab tak, there is no railway line in my town. Jabkee Meerut is only 15 KM & Daurala only 08 KM from there. You are please requested to please take some favorable decision in this. with great regards, Bharat Garg Bharat Desh ka nagrik 8423556186 
0 0 Respected sir, Being an Indian i proud to be an Indian but we need to much reformation in our society like in education.the condition of government school are so worst the student of 6th class are not able to read Hindi book they don't have gernal awareness about their surrounding there is no moral education system in school please be attention about this issue without this how we will grow in future.Because of lack of power i am not able to take strict action against this but you can. 
0 0 wish all Indian soldier a very happy Diwali 
0 0 Respected PM Sir I appreciate your sincere efforts in all fields to make our country best in the world. I want to draw your kind attention to do more to control the increased rate of females/small girls abuse/rape cases and corruption cases. My suggestions is: "Once the offence/crime/corruption case is justified by court/concern authority, the govt must show accused faces (which they always covered during trial/camera) so that the other people fear to being exposed.Dr Hardeep Sharma, Haryana 
0 0 If someone wants to admit his Son or daughter in any school he has to invest minimum 1 lakh Rupees a year. So, It becomes business. Lower class people can't give the proper education to their children. My sincere request to you that it should stop somewhere and everyone should get proper education which will make his or her life secure. Please there should minimum fees for any school whether it is private or government. I hope this will change. Thanking you, Sadanand 
0 0 Dear Sir, We need to delink politics from issues faced by the country. There are several issues to be addressed like waste management, poor infrastructure, ease of doing business etc in many states which not being addressed. Solutions are known but there is no political will for various reasons. Things are then partially done when state elections are close to gain political mileage. This is hampering growth 
0 0 Honourable Sir, I Sadanand Yewale taking this opportunity to write something to you through this medium. First of all, we are grateful to you that you are Great, visionary leader of nation and positioned India at Top in every sector. Sir, my grievance is about the education system and I am very much sure that you will definitely resolve this problem. Sir, our education system is becoming business sector as political leaders are running this. And they have squeezing people 
0 0 Swayam Shikshan Prayog (SSP), a Pune based organization has been selected as one of the 13 winners across the globe for the United Nations Momentum for Change Lighthouse Activity Award - 2016. It is the sole organisation from the country, selected for the ground-breaking project that empowers women to emerge as clean energy entrepreneurs and climate change leaders! Prema Gopalan, since 1998 is relentlessly functioning towards women empowerment, skills development, their financial independenc 
0 0 Jai Hind Narendra Bhai Plz harness the energy of Senior Citizens which is going just waste and pool is rising every day.Some are doing things in their own way.Now in these hard times,when we are facing issues like Boundary security,food security, addressing joblessness of 65%below 35 years old.I have listed in brief manner to give a call to this segment of Citizens which shall be responded positively during the times when passion of Rashtra Bhakti is running high. One page write up isattached. 
0 0 Respected sir.in our country more than half of population doesn't have runnin water in the houses 24x7..Potable drinking water is going to be a scarcity,as we have planned many a schemes useful to the common man,Well a head of anybodies guess-potable water for all.may I suggest all major rivers,fled water to be harnest and stored in balancing reservoirs enroute of linking of rivers of the country,this step shall not only quench the trust of the the BPL families but also provide water irrigation 
0 0 Dear sir Pse start a hunger helpline for the country where anybody who is unable to feed himself can call for help I am anguished to read about people are dying of hunger and there is nobody there to help them Many times these deaths and suicides associated with these are out of  context I today's world. I cannot understand how our foods stocks  are huge and rotting and people are still dying due to starvation. Pse I urge you to look into this, I feel this one measure will reach many 
0 0 #MannKiBaat I was very delighted when i visited your website and saw an initiative Mascot which is supposed to reduce the number of road safety by 50% in next five years. I don't disagree that campaigns are a great way to reach people, but don't you think that it must be the hazards of road accidents that must be showcased in front of public instead of a campaign for eg. People wear helmet to protect them from police, but it never comes to their mind that they are actually protecting their head. 
0 0 Respected Government & Ministers, At a time when we are facing issue with blackmoney, would you want to consider banning 1000 and 500 rupee notes and encourage lower currency notes which could curb this menace? Also, a necessity of encouraging plastic money for transparent transactions and no unaccounted money (Example : Only Debit / Credit cards for purchases above INR 10,000 or something on those lines). 
1 0 Sir, First of all I really thanks to you to giving a chance to us to be part about this ""Man Ki Bat" Program. I want to discuss about our youth because they are our future.Sir I will request you please discuss about our youth future and guide us and how to be a part of Mission "Make In India". 
0 0 Immunization is one of the most cost effective public health interventions and largely responsible for reduction of under5 mortality rate. However, vaccine preventable diseases (VPDs) are still responsible for over 5 lakh deaths annually in India. This underlines the need of further improvement. I have an idea to develop a next generation application ,called, Immunization Tracking System(ITS)which serve as platform for an efficient integrated Immunization surveillance system. 
0 0 In late 1990s, government had initiated a one-by-scheme to increase number of tax payers. This resulted in adding a large number of tax payers & was discontinued in 2000. Can you please announce a new scheme, taking into account, current parameters to augment number of taxpayers? 
0 0 Diwali,Eid and Christmas are 3 biggest festivals in our country. IT companies avoid festival season holidays even on such festivals. Such practices are killing our religious bonding and also are very bad for the future of our nation. Govt. should impose fine on companies which decide to avoid closure in such festive season. If the companies really have imp. work and business loss they will pay fine to government. This would earn revenue for govt. else company would shut the company. Jai Hind! 
0 0 Respected Narendrabhai Modi, less than 4% of Indian voters pay income tax. India is 4th largest economic power globally. Indians are no longer poor. We have seen patriotic outpour after surgical strikes. I would like you to link paying taxes to this nationalistic sentiment. I also would like you to encourage 188 existing million PAN holders to file IT returns. If we don't pay taxes, what right we have to expect our governments to perform? #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
0 0 youths have lots of @ startup ideas but they don't know to whom to share , and where to get all the financial and technical and all the starting helps like training etc. Govt has provide many assistance but lots of youth don't know about it. They know that govt provide assistance but they don't know where to contact.. like ..I to have an idea but don't know where to submit it. Please talk on this.. 
0 0 Sir mera Nam Narendra Panda he or me Odisha se hu.sir man ki bat ke liye hazaro log appko hazaro bate bataye honge,Lekin mera kehna ye he ki 8-10 din pehle Jo Odisha me sum hospital me agg laga tha App uske bareme thoda kuch batao logo Ko.jis hospital me log ate he apna Jan bachane ke liye us hospital ne in logo ka Jan le Liya.ye kitni badi bat he sir App ye andaz Laga sakte he 25 logo ki maut se.waha mera ek dost v tha Jo 10 din pehle discharged ho Gaya tha. Bharat Mata ki Jay. Happy Diwali 
0 0 Sir, When we are talking abt OROP...one nation one tax (GST)  etc...y can't v talk abt One Nation One Road Tax....plz advise...wen it will b implemented..t.......thanks nd regards Ashish 
0 0 Please make a system for name change of son/daughter date of birth certificate, related to municipal corporation ( Health department).In Haryana , thare is no procedure of name change son/daughter in DOB certificate. 
0 0 Sir, For private job person's, should be submit the  documents for one time related to facility of license, ration card and other govt. services etc. becuase private job person are transffered or do the job in different location / state. So why need documents again , while documents has submitted in other state and get the transfer paper. 
0 0 Bharat Mata ki Jay. If Gandhi is called the Father f Nation n History. Next immediate question arises Who's the Mother of our Nation?? Please remove this common n meaningless question n answer from our History sir. Implement Bharat Mata ki Jay in History who's still Ruling our Hindustan. F Father f our Nation s translated then Entire meaning get changed. PLS RECTIFY THIS FAULT BY REMOVING THIS MEANINGLESS QUESTION(VERSION) from Our HISTORY. WE ALL ARE SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF BHARAT MATA INC GANDHI 
0 0 Dear Sir, I know i am adding my grievienceat wrong place.But i have not found any place for my internet slow speed.MTNL charging me monthly for 6mbps speed and i am getting only 1 mbps.From last two months i am giving complaint and nothing happening.Its cheating that govt taking 2300/- for 6 mbps speed and giving only 1 mbps .They say its technical fault ..my mumbai landline no for broadband is 02228828455...its for malad west mumbai Best Regards Dineash Sharrrma 
0 0 OM NAMO BHAGVATE VASHUDEVAY BHARAT KE SABHI ARMY SENA KI RAKSHA KARE AUR HAMARE BHARAT KO FIRST NUMBER VIKSHIT DESH BANA DE HAMARI SARKAR KE PM KA WORK SARAHNIY AUR ALOUKIK HAI HUM BHAGWAN SE PRAY KAR HAMAREPM HAJARO SAAL JIYE AUR HAJARO BAAR PM PAD PAR RAHE 
0 0 Hello sir, how are you sir you start a 'sandesh2soldier' I think one program is start in this program in newspapers all india the Best comment will show I am local people I am many comments but don't saw in any case .and one celebrity comments nxt day tha comment is in newspapers what is this . So tha best comment is saw in newspapers mini.50 comment daily thankyou honorable pm of this nation mr.damodher das narendher modi proud you plz one request you . 
0 0 Sir, To promote the linguistic unity of India, it is essential that Hindi is promoted as the binding language for all Indians. However, to quell any feelings of Hindi being imposed among people of non-Hindi states, I suggest the following: 1) Each person whose mother tongue is not Hindi must mandatory study Hindi as a second language till class 10. 2) students of Hindi speaking states must compulsorily opt for a second language, like Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam, etc till class 10th. 
0 0 मा.महोद्‍य, आज कल हम देख रहे है की देश की सडको का बुरा हाल हो चुका है. खास तौर पर ग्रामीण इलाको मे सडके सिर्फ नाम के लिये बची है. इस स्थीती को सुधारने के लिये मै एक सुझाव देना चाहुंगी की, सडकों के निर्माण का कार्य सिवील इंजीनीयरींग के स्टुडेंट्स को दिया जाये. इस से उन विद्यार्थीयो को रोजगार भी मिलेगा और सडक निर्माण मे करप्शन भी नही होगा. जीससे देश की सडको मे नयी जान आयेगी और सडके अच्छी बनेगी. Contractors को तो हम हमेशा से काम दे रहे है, एक बार इस देश की युवा पिढी को भी ये काम देकर देखीये. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी, आप का, मन की बात कार्यक्रम एक बहोतही प्रशंसनीय पहल है। सर इस कार्यक्रम में दो तीन बातों का जिक्र बार बार होना चाहिये। एक तो स्वच्छता अभियान, इस अभियान को पल्स पोलिओ अभियान की तर्ज पर हर महिने, किसी ना किसी रूप से लोगों में लाना चाहिये। दुसरा अहम मुद्दा है लोकसंख्या नियंत्रण का। इस मुद्दे को भी बार बार उजागर करने की जरूरत है। जो लोग इस कार्यक्रम को ज्यादातर सूनते है, उनके जीवन पर इन बातों का प्रभाव बहोत होगी जो कि आवश्यक है। 
0 0 #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #PMOnRadio Adarniye PradhanMantri je, Pranam. Desh ajj vikas ke or bar reha hai. App jan sarkar ke neta hote hue desh aage le jane mein jute hain, jiske liye appko sadhuvaad. Ajj desh ke andhar aur bahar se khatra mandara reha jise ver yodha nestanabud kerne mein jute hain, unka hath jor abhinandan aur charan vandana. ITBP ke 55ve Sathapana Diwas per apne bahadur veron ke shan mein ek kavita yahan sanjha ker raha hun. Sadar Naman Dinesh Bassi 
0 0 Sir, 1) In today's fast changing world, it has become essential for us to imbibe moral values and respect for our rich heritage among the young children during their formative years.Storytelling is an important tool for achieving this goal, and stories with visuals I.e. comics can come handy for the same. With a view to increase respect for Indian culture and values among kids, I suggest that Amar Chitra Katha may be made mandatory in the CBSE curriculum, at least in the primary classes. 
0 0 Salutations! Sir, (Human) Women Rights Kiosk make women feel women safe n secure. IF (Human) Women Rights Kiosk is activated n cities n villages Domestic Violence n Public Violence can be minimised. Through this we can create awareness among common folks about their Rights n Duties to be done as Citizens f Hindustan. F youngsters are given charge with an experienced guidance for field work. Surely we make Hindustan a Safe n Secure Country. Women l be Safe n Secure HR Kiosk enabled with Toll  No. 
0 0 Salutations! Sir, Currency the most essential n used by all. Since it's common and used by all it should be generalized. Printing a common currency with a particular individual's image s not fair. For independence many individuals (Leaders) ve sacrificed their precious lives I such aspect giving importance to one particular makes others sacrifice meaningless. F CURRENCY REFLECTS OUR CULTURE N HERITAGE IT'LL DEFINATELY KINDLE D INTEREST F BOTH GROWING N GRWN UP GENERATION TO KNW abt our Tradition 
0 0 Dear Sir, First it’s great pleasure to have you as India PM.  I’m not living in India from last 10 years. I have settled in Sydney. Each time when I visit I see lot of change especially with cars and bikes on the road. Good job opportunities for youngsters which is good for the economy. One big thing I noticed is that still garbage collection, garbage disposal and recycling has not improved from many years. Still the same old fashion of collection and disposed at landfill. Garbage collection 
0 0 Mai apne sabhi jawano ko dipawali ki hardik shubh kamna deta hu.duniya jo kahti hai kahne do ham apke sath hai lekin enke sath ek bar kuch aisa kr do ki aage se aisa kam koi kare na...ye tuch budhi wale desh me baith kar jawano ke bare me aisa ulta sidha bolte hai,jis din mujhe mil gae ye wahi inko sabak sikhauga 
0 0 नमस्कार, माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी मैं पर्यावरण से जुड़ी कुछ महत्वपूर्ण बातें आपसे साझा करना चाह रहा हूँ |आशा है आप इस सन्देश के साथ भेजे जा रहे पत्र को पढने का कष्ट करेंगे | धन्यवाद 
0 0 Wish you all my brave security personnel and their family a very happy Diwali. TUM HO TOH HUM HAI. 
1 0 #MannKiBaat Sir first of all wish u a very very happy & safe diwali. Sir mere samne ek bdi problem h sir mai jb v garib aur dukhi bacho ko dekhta hn to unki help krne ka man hta h lekin as a student mujhe paise limited milte h kharch krne ke lye. To mai aisa kya karun ki unki kuch help ho jaye aur wo khush ho jaye. Bahut dino se ye sawal mere man ki baat bana hua h. Plz help kijye sir. 
0 0 Sir,let us organise War for Water, War for trees, War for Cleanliness by involving the idle/reserve units of army,paramilitary, police battalions and civilians all over the country. War for Water:The said units will link rivers, develop chain tanks, clean the tanks clean water inlets and outlets. such units work tirelessly. The said have devotion in their blood. It is time for the PM Sir to lead the said battalions starting from Haryana involving the state govts. Similarly other wars. 
1 0 #MannKiBaat Sir first of all wish u a very very happy & safe diwali. Sir mere samne ek bdi problem h sir mai jb v garib aur dukhi bacho ko dekhta hn to unki help krne ka man hta h lekin as a student mujhe paise limited milte h kharch krne ke lye. To mai aisa kya karun ki unki kuch help ho jaye aur wo khush ho jaye. Bahut dino se ye sawal mere man ki baat bana hua h. Plz help kijye sir. 
1 0 Sir first of all wish u a very very happy & safe diwali. Sir mere samne ek bdi problem h sir mai jb v garib aur dukhi bacho ko dekhta hn to unki help krne ka man hta h lekin as a student mujhe paise limited milte h kharch krne ke lye. To mai aisa kya karun ki unki kuch help ho jaye aur wo khush ho jaye. Bahut dino se ye sawal mere man ki baat bana hua h. Plz help kijye sir. 
0 0 Dear Modi ji, Please try to reduce IT Employee Notice period from 90 Days to 2 weeks. Because of this 90days notice period is cause so many employees to loose very good opportunities. Even serving that long duration is not required they don't let go the employee hence he/she tend to miss the opportunity to enhance their careers. Please try to implement this request. 
0 0 My ideas on the following are attached in the PDF. 1. CURRENCY NOTE 2. SWACHA BHARAT 3. GST 4. EMPLOYMENT 
0 0 why should any other country talk of internal matters of India, when their rating agencies can forget to incorporate more than 12 significant parameters where India improved due to the current reforms. 
0 0 even if we are able to blacklist executives/directors and associates who profited from some 100 odd firms who have defaulted India for a fortune of 85 k cr, it will clean the financial environment and the health of India 
0 0 Dear sir, Kindly make it mandatory for all Primary school children to undergo a subject on Civics & hygene as this will bring in  Swatch Bharat naturally for future generations 
0 0 Namastey Modi Ji, Apki baat bachhe jawan budhe sab sunte hain please sabko bolo to support first generation entrepreneurs .. desh ko badalna hai to ye jaruri nahi majboori hai. paisa to kama hi lenge lekin uske baad kya? aap apni har Mann Ki Baat me entrepreneurs ke liye ek line jarur rakhiye. request! change in mindset will bring generations closer otherwise it will bring development but with isolation within. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I have already posted on this. Please take up the issue of disabled citizen's of India. A friendly transfer policy for them in Central Govt/Public sector and statutory organisations. This will help them and in turn the country in a larger way. You should believe in the potentials of them and tap them for the nation building process. Expecting you to address in this regard. 
0 0 Dear Sir This time on Mann ki baat on 30th October , (1) please talk about on How to improve Our Country's Education system. as Education is key thing to sustain growth as well as well other country's issued like population control, poverty, Environmental issued Etc. (2) Talk About "Paris Agreement" and how will it work through all nations and what will be india's role for that particular agreement. #Mannkibaat 
0 0 Dear PM, Just a simple idea, if all the Indian makers use a symbol (anything like our flag or an I or something else), it will be very easy to find Indian made products on shelves and people will be able to identify products made in India or made by Indians easily and it will improve the growth of manufacturing sector. We can also make categories like if a product is totally made in India then a different symbol, and if partially then a different one. Best wishes 
0 0 Good evening sir, please find the attachment of poem on 2nd October India cleanness days. 
0 0 Good evening sir, please find the attachment of poem on the day of 19th November world toilet day. 
0 0 Respected sir Sir m aap se ye khena chata hu ,jaisa ki aaj kal India main pollution bhot badh gaya h or traffic bhi bhot ho gaya h ,to aap logo ko jagruk kijiye ki 1 single person car main na jaye , minimum 3 person hone chahiye 1 car main ,jis se pollution bhi kam hoga and traffic bhi .sir ek baar please sochna is point par . Thankyou sir ,Jai hind Bharat Mata ki jai 
0 0 #MannKiBaat Hi sir, I'm a student I like to play games and also Cheers for my country when it wins.Not me all of us cheers when Dhoni hit sixes or sindhu get a medal in Olympic.But before starting the match how many of us stand up during the matches.Im saying this because when I watch with my friends some of them ignore it.I am bringing it under your consideration because I think it is our duty to show respect to our national anthem.sir happy Diwali to you. 
0 0 Here is a concept of Automatic vegetation machine. Likely to help farmers very much. Please make it if possible. 
0 0 hello sir, i am an independent working girl and want to ask you that their is so many loopholes in the women empowerment so what are the steps now you are taking for improvment. According to me "mera desh tab aage badegha jab is desh ki har ladki apne adhikaro ko janegi". i worked in a night shift but still i thought twice while taking this project due to shift. if i ask you a simple line question when i will be free from fear 
0 0 Sir There are some suggestions and my opinion and measures regarding  the swach bharat abhiyan mission will be affected this diwali . So lets check the document  and plz appeal to the nation on these topics. 
0 0 India ready for battle 
0 0 Why we always wakeup when some wrong happens with us. Winters are coming so as every year we will find numbers of shivering children old on the roadside. As usual some of our clothes will go old with new clothes in wardrobe but I request   please do not throw your older clothes blankets in garbage or in some corner of home donate them to those who truely are satisfied with them also they might be even life saving to them. And believe that this single donation in diwali will always be memorable 
0 0 I would like to suggest idea for Swaach Bharat Abhiyan. My suggestion is to register all the street beggars in metros as swaachta karyakartas and they should be provided with camera phones to click pictures of people littering on streets. These images would then be submitted to local police stations for chalans.Each police station in a metro should have a swaachta cell for this purpose. The program should also be incentivized for more participation. This would help us to make a better India. 
0 0 Respected Sir, CREATION OF NEW ALL INDIA SERVICE: INDIAN JUDICIAL SERVICE Lot of concern regarding huge backlog/pendency of cases in the courts of law but nothing is happening. Chief Justice is finding fault with the Government as it is not filling up the posts of Judges in all the courts. But it has already created hurdle by striking down the Judicial Appointments Commission as suggested by the current Govt. Better to set up Indian Judicial Service on the lines of IAS/IFS/IPSetc SurinderDat 
0 0 Tax collected from Tobocco & Liquor shall be utilized only for eradicating, educating , awareness creating, advertising (ill effects of) and rehabilitation of the affected. This will put government to really discourage the use of alcohol and slowly reduce the usage. Law need to made to bring this in force. Let us not have development at the cost of another persons health.................. 
0 0 Sir,There is huge need of introducing moral education and inspiration lectures in every college & school,whether it is thapar,IIM,IIT. Becoz now days Students commit suicide if less marks or fail.We make them understand that life is bigger than just marks. Life is a game. Plz pass law on this. Books"You can Win","Sandeep Maheshwari Videos","Wings of fire","DR. Kalam videos.yOu sholud make this mandary Lectres,Otherwise there attendence will be short. Sir please implement this as fast as possibl 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ! आपके आत्मप्रिय कार्यक्रम मन की बात के माध्यम से बताना चाहूँगा देश के सबसे बड़े प्रदेश उत्तर प्रदेश की उच्च शिक्षा की बदहाली का जिम्मेदार कौन है ?राज्य सरकार या फिर केन्द्र सरकार ।क्योंकि 90प्रतिशत शिक्षा निजी संस्थाओं से संचालित है ।इन संस्थाओं के शिक्षक लावारिश जिन्दगी जी रहे हैं ।उन्हें वेतन के नाम पर भय और अपमान के साथ 5से 10हजार प्रतिमाह दिया जाता है ।सर हम शिक्षक भी राष्ट्र के नवनिर्माण मे अपना योगदान दे रहे हैं ।राष्ट्र हमें अनुदान कब देगा ? 
0 0 Stable India leads to Powerful India which leads to Respectable India which in turn leads to Inspiring India......our goal is to achieve " Inspiring India".............This is possible by giving quality education at least cost to the people............. 
0 0 Please go through it very carefully. It is a theory of banking and financial sources. 
0 0 Respected pm sir Pura desh apko sunta hai aapne pure desh ko uski takat ka ehsas kra diya hai Request bus itna hai k desh ko aap jo bhi de usme ka pahla hissa desh k jawano ko de chahe vo unko aadhunik hathiyaar ho unki salary ho unki treatment k liy ekdum hi-tech hospital ho sahid hone k bad unke priwar ko aarthik sahayta ho ya unke jiwn yapn k liy koi support ho pura desh aapse yhi chahta hai k aap desh k jawano ko mjboot bnaye Har roj koi n koi sahid ho raha bhot dukh hota hai sunkar Plz 
0 0 My inspiration, Modi sir a  very good evening to u.!Sir can we increase the imprisonment of the criminals of human trafficking(especially sexual exploitation)?It is 7 years. In my opinion it should be min of 20 years and max of 30 years.Criminals of  this specific case feel free and do whatever they want to do, moreover the know they will get release after 7 years and in some cases theytry to attempt murder of victim,because girls unki baat nahi sunti.Understand the plight of girls.Thank u 
0 0 It is very important please go through it very carefully. 
0 0 As the investment in missile technology & other defense related manufacturing increases in India , to cater to the resource requirement, we need to introduce "Defense Engineering" in the Engineering college say in IIT to begin with................... 
0 0 Hello sir,can we Provide smart Education to Rural Area... 
0 0 As a kid, I was always told that India is bound to be a super power since we will have the largest working population by 2020. But today, the world is changing so rapidly that adaptation is the only mode of survival and in this case, I feel, that our education is lagging behind. A gun without bullets or bullets without a gun are of no use, similarly, youth without knowledge or skills will not lead us anywhere. Let's not create jobs, let's create people who can create their own jobs! 
0 0 सर आप गौसंवर्धन की बात करे। कौनसे तरीके है, कृषिप्रधान देश में गौवंश का महत्व। गौहत्या कैसे रोके। माँ की रक्षा नही करेंगे तो किसी भी पद का क्या जीवन का ही कोई मतलब नहीं होगा। 
0 0 The joy of riding a cycle is magical, and these cyclists are the true torchbearers of the Save the Earth Campaign. In todays fast paced technological world, we often tend to neglect the implications of our actions on our well being and on our environment. Cycling on the other hand is environment friendly. If it isn't already a part of your everyday routine, there's no time to start like the present. We ride back on these two wheels to a better future. A drive to a better Earth.... 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदीजी, मेरा आपसे अनुरोध है की आप जाती आधारित आरक्षण की नीति को ख़तम करे और आर्थिक आरक्षण की व्यवस्था को लागु करे | इस से देश के हर गरीब आदमी को फायदा होगा और देश को जातिवाद से छुटकारा मिलेगा | आशा करता हु आप मेरी विनती को ध्यान में लेंगे | जय हिन्द | जय भारत | 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आपने हमे एक बहुत बङी ताकत दी है तो वह मन की बात । आपकी बात लोग नही टालते है ईसलिए आप आग्रह करे कि अभी 30/10 को आप लोग अपने मन की हद्वय की सफाई करे ओर उस बोझ को हल्का करने का मोका है क्रपया करके अपने पङोसी भाई या जिस किसी से भी नाराजगी है वो दुर करके एक दुसरे का मुॅह मीठा करे ओर भाईचारे को बढाये । किसी से भी नफरत ना करे । एक दुसरे के अच्छे आचार विचार आदान प्रदान करे फिर मन की शान्ति मेहसुस करके देखे । धन्यवाद हुक्म । सन्तोष गिरी गोस्वामी जोधपुर 
1 0 Hi All I wish you All Happy Diwali and to your family too. Jai Hind 
0 0 PM we should consider aadhar id based e-voting so that any Indian can vote from anywhere in the country irrespective of constituency . This will help them who cannot vote as they do not live in their constituencies anymore and wont travel to their home place just for voting. 
0 0 Government sells Liquor to its public for Revenue and the impact of Prostitution are two sides of the same coin, which ultimately destroys one's progress by its addiction. The Authority don't promote these evils in view of MORALITY. 
0 0 मै सन्तोष गिरी गोस्वामी जोधपुर राजस्थान से माननीय आपको ओर आपकी पुरी टीम को दिपावली की घणी घणी शुभकामनाएॅ । अबकी बार इस महान पर्व पर आप लोगो को मिलजुल कर रहने का आग्रह करे क्योकि ऐसे कई लोग होगे जो छोटी सी बात को लेकर मन-मुटाव रखतै है या वैर नफरत रखते है तो यह बहुत अच्छा मोका है  ऐक होने का । किसी के पङोसी से नही बनती है तो कोई  अपने attitude घमंड से नही बोल रहा है जो भी कोई बात है  उसको भुलाकर गले मिलकर इस पर्व पे ऐक हो जाना चाहिये । 
0 0 Dear Sir,Everyday we hear news about a martyed army personnel.It pains to imagine their plight of their family & i feel helpless with such news.I suggest in this Man ki baat, you tell indians how every citizen can contribute in Army welfare donation fund or any programme wherw citizen can donatw money that can be utilized for serving martyted personnel family.Moreover i would also like u to suggest mechanism to donate any small amount for manufacturing indigenous weapon for forces 
0 0 1.	Introduction of Moral Education in Schools 2.	Recognition of our Childhood Teachers 
0 0 My Elder brother and sister, We are not born from same mother but we are on same mother. Because of you I had my privileged life for 22 years and I am sure for that it will continue as my elder brother and sister who is shedding blood for this younger brother. Brothers and Sisters I don't wish you to celebrate Diwali because I know you are not interested in that rather than protecting our borders.So to this diwali and from Know we lightens the lanterns represent our relation.Jai Hind Jai Bharat 
0 0 Sir, We can create Job opportunity for our farmers and their family. This can be achieved by establishing the buffalo or cow centre(a place where cow or buffalo will be kept) and it should be of latest technology. We will get the milk and gobar Gas which can be utilised for the nation. If this project is made in every village then we will never Face availability of milk products and gobar Gas can be utilised for cooking in cities also. We can save foreign currency and export outside. 
1 0 Sir just a simple request on a controversial topic. i.e. Reservation. The main aim of reservation was to attain right to equality. Nowadays there are people from reserved category who have used the reservation in good use and developed themselves. But the issue is do their children need this facility too solely on the basis of their caste? I request you to abolish this system for class 1&2 govt officers. And provide it to all other students with poor background based on their merit and not caste 
0 0 Dear Sir,Kashmir problem solve 1.create labour- give them any small jobs.Create jobs through available sources and materials there. 2.Educate them -can open small schools (25-50)students here and there and educate them through that schools 
0 0 Sir, We are extremely facing droughts problem in our country and providing water by train in this year. This method was not adapted by previous government and I would like suggest that to avoid water problem in future, connect all river, canal etc in such a way that water can be supplied at the earliest. This system will required lot of time and money but if we start the preparation at the earliest so that in coming year we will free from water problem. This will create job opportunities 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I am very glad to write you. First of all i want to thank you for doing a lot for our country. Yes all of your steps are going into right direction but i think that all your ideas like 'SWATCH BHARAT ABHIYAN' or others become successful only when there is a control of population in our country. I have listen all your speech and lectures but never found that you talk about population control. So please take any action on population growth. 
0 0 Respected PM Modi. D first thing in my mind is that India cannot progress if a political parties do not co-operate    with d party in rule. If there is no unity among d parties then BJP will b obstructed at each work they do. 
0 0 Mera pyare sainiko mai apke liya Diwali ki shubhkamnai bhaj raha hu app logo na jo desh ka liya apni gevan ko ek tapaya bana rakha hai mai apki pok ki karyawhi par apka abhar prakt karta hu Thanks you 
0 0 Sir, Please include a request for citizens to give up the seats ladies and senior citizens in the govt buses when they see them standing in the bus while travelling, at least those seats which are reserved for them. Also urge to paste the stickers giving the message in side the buses and in the bus stops with big letters. Pl ask people's to change the mindset of " why should I give up? When other people's are not ". Hope this could help women's and senior citizens a bit if u speak on the same. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister I have lot in my mind to talk about.Many of us have posted here that each one want to help the gov in the welfare activities of our brave hearted soldiers and development of the defence forces.I really appreciate their thoughts.What I think is what if we deduct a very negligible amount from every citizens bank account every year with their concent.Think of the whole population or even half of it contributing.We can safeguard our borders and even the soldiers families. 
0 0 Sir, Our farmers are experiencing very tough time. they keep on waiting of monsoon and they are growing crops hardly one or two times in a year, which is not good for nation.we should set some independent commission which will decide the sale price of their crops and their training, soil testing, every basics needs required for crops growing. we should also provide some system like Fire department water pipe line so that they can utilise the water at any time in the year in their land. 
0 0 request to share with our young generation who over using mobile phones now a days which preventing them to do physical activity. Even some time in parks where they supposed to do some physical activity , they sits in group and use mobile phones. Even our shri Sachin Tendulkar also shared some time back that young generation over using mobile phones.  some time on road during walking they used ear phones which some time become hazardous for them.some balance in it help in good health of them. 
0 0 sir , taking care of the welfare of the families of our Shaheeds , should be declared under corporate CSR. 
0 0 We had arrange to pay Rs. One lakh each to the sheds of Uri attack, by sending staff to collect information .there after the cheque was provide with presence of Gram Sarpanch or MLA. In some cases the MP has been present. We also offered Skill Development to the family member under our efforts called Dish Dost . We want to encourage them for self employees. With your inspiration , we will do it if any of our soldier get killed during protecting our mother land. We hope to carry on. 
0 0 Modi ji, Being a computer engineer, there is always one question rays again & again in my mind.Why government doing out-sourcing for their portals & websites? Why don't we have one government IT company or infrastructure, govt is paying high amount to the private companies, then why don't we think on government IT sector. It may also improve the quality of governance & might be a helpful jump to reduced the corruption. Youth is eagerly waiting to work for the government in IT sector.#MannKibaat 
0 0 mai apne desh ke seno ko sailut krta hu mujhe apne sena pr garv hai aur unhe diwali ke subh kamna krta hu. 
1 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, I will deposit my one day income per month to Army Welfare Fund and Defense. I know it's not enough. But if every Indian do this, definitely We will become Super Power. Please make an appeal through mann ki baat, movement will start. 
1 0 Dear PM Sir, You had started a very worthy scheme: Startup India, Standup India. Sir, if practically viewed it seems for just the reserved sector of India. What's the value of scheme then? If a poor individual belongs to General category, has a great business initiative, but can't apply to get any benefits under the scheme because the government only allows reserved category applicants as the eligible candidate for the scheme. Sir, is this really justice and can this benefit all equally? 
0 0 Ye app hang kar raha hai 
0 0 Sir our govt. is doing efforts on Swach Bharat Abhiyan. My view is there should be emergency no. like police, fire, women discrimination etc. like this a a emergency no. and a team should be launch to take responsibility and quick action on that so that to take a control over irresponse people. 
0 0 Sir our govt. is doing efforts on Swach Bharat Abhiyan. My view is there should be emergency no. like police, fire, women discrimination etc. like this a a emergency no. and a team should be launch to take responsibility and quick action on that so that to take a control over irresponse people. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir Please Share Your Thoughts on the topic -Impact of Western Culture In Indian Civilisation(Indian Culture)and in Indian Youth #Mannkibaat 
0 0 Dear Sir, I wish if this would be possible if education board like CBSE, ICSE, and other state board can provide a self help service on their website portal for the student who cannot avail a expensive education of school but still want to get the best education at minimum cost. Here Education board can create a self help portal where student can login and register themselves through the year and can study on line and apply for exam and get qualified. Less cost on education more India grow. 
0 0 My heartiest wishes to the family of the Defence Forces and those posted at the frontier and other sensitive locations of my country on Deepawali.it is because of you all, we live a peaceful and secure life.Hat's off to you all, Love you and Respect you from my Heart and am proud of you all. JAI HIND Regards Naresh Chander Sharma 
0 0 Happy Diwali you all Indian soldiers App border pe Rehte Hai Tabhi Hum chane sa soo pata ha 
0 0 Sir,I want u to talk about road safety as many accidents are taking place these days due to drinking & driving.There should be a check on the drivers of Buses also.On 8th October I was going to Manali with my family by my own car so we stopped at a hotel near Mandi to have dinner at 8 pm while we were having dinner a Himachal Tourism bus stopped there coming from Manali for the passengers to have dinner and both drivers while having dinner started drinking and thendrove.. Bus No:- HP 63 C 5901 
1 0 Namaste Saaheb, Below R my suggestions, most of them are regarding to start producing and using solar energy especially for electricity: 1. Can we have such infrastructure that colleges & universities, hospitals, govt. Office building start utilizing electricity based on solar energy ? Bcz I think except hospital terrace area is not being utilized. & yes when an effort would be taken lets take care use made in India products. 2. We may build solar park in other states as we've in gujarat. 
0 0 namaste sir , i want to say that you should do debate on resarvation acourding to consitution and unique civil code . you should ask about border tension. everyday one solder is dying of india due to pakistan . its very bad thing.jai shree ram jai hind 
1 0 Thank you soldiers for bringing smiles to our faces. Thank you for letting us celebrate Diwali without fear. Wishing you and your family a warm and prosperous Diwali. 
0 0 Namaste Hon'ble PM sir Many times I tried to communicate you that I have many good IDEAs for your dream to make true for Clean India / Digital India / Smart India. I gave letter personally to your office at south block on 16th Aug,2016 pls refer communication regn number PMOPG/D/2016/0232826 Also PG PORTAL grevience regn number DOSKD/E/2016/00483 and 00448 and 00440 and email to Jayant Krishna ji jayant.krishna@nsdcindia.org Manish KumarJi  mkumar@nsdcindia.org but got no proper reply 
0 0 Policing instead of being proactive has become a post-op. Lethargy or attitude of avoidance has made Policing an object of ridicule and mockery.If only PM and HM can take effective steps to educate and motivate local Police to be on constant vigil, whether in or out of Uniform, and offer protection for genuine action India would be accidents free and incidents free 
0 0 Sir  Your Government has made all efforts to make  GST a reality in India.  Regarding the rate we need to be very careful.  Same item should not find place in two different tariffs. Eg a machined component may be used in a machine and also as a automobile component.  If the rates for the part used in machine and part used in automobile are different it will create confusion. Anti profiteering provisions should be made in some form or the other for a minimum period of one year 
4 0 Hon'ble PM Modi Sir,Thank u for giving such eminent platform to the people for expressing their views. An Eminent thanks to all super heros of the Army wing.They are our real super heros and tons of rosy salute to them. Suggestions- Can the govt.implement new policy for our armies like if we purchase any goods then some amount of the money should be deducted as Army welfare fund. I am sure that our country men will agree with this. Please consider this in Mann ki Baat if it is valid.Thank u. 
0 0 Respected PM jai hind jai Bharat ma I feel grateful after your decision over triple talaq. Sir triple talaq will not only strengthen our Muslim mother and Sister to fight for there rights but it will also help other women of India to raise there voice against cruelty and injustice.Respected sir we see a great nation under your guidance sir we the people of India always are united with India's mothers and sisters jai hind jai jawan bharat mata ki jai 
0 0 Sir, will the creation of "All India Judicial Service' speed up justice for litigants? If youngsters are attracted maybe there might be a sense of law and order in states where law and order is adversely affected by untimely court judgments and other issues. #mannkibaat 
0 0 Govt is coming with many good schemes for poor people but many people are unaware. Even ads give very superficial idea. For example, ad should tell where to go for Mudra bank loan.I request you to think about this problem of communication. 
0 0 Creating common curriculum in education system so that even education system shall be there in line with global requirements having must system for innovation and sports. Also institutes like IIT shall take one single project to incorporate new technology in india specifically in health and irrigation 
0 0 सर, अाप महिलाअाें के उत्थान के लिए काफी कार्य कर रहे हैं। यह काबिले तारीफ है। लेकिन अभी भी हम एक वर्ग काे भूल रहे हैं वह है विधवा महिलाएं। समाज में अाज भी विधवाअाें के दाेबारा घर बसाने काे गलत माना जाता है। अमर उजाला कानपुर ने इस बार नवरात्र में इन झूठी परंपराअाें काे ताेड़ते हुए एक नए सामाजिक अांदाेलन की शुरूअात की। सात विधवाअाें का घर दाेबारा बसाया गया। यह एक छाेटा कदम था, देशभर से लाखाें लाेगाें ने शुभकामनाएं भेजीं। विधवा विवाह के लिए लाेगाें की साेच बदलनी हाेगी। इसमें अापकी मदद चाहिए। 
0 0 desh me saman trafiic rule follow ho iske lie kch kare... 
0 0 Respected Sir,I am pained to see that most of the things in Indian Market are "Made In China".Why cant the Indian Government ban these items(especially toys made of low quality plastics) and encourage "Made in India" product through your ambitious pet project SKILL INDIA.I am sure that the whole country will be thankful to Indian Government, if you take this suggestion.Its time to neutralise China. 
1 0 सर यदि आप शहरी प्रशासन को यह निर्देश दें कि सभी गाड़ीं सिर्फ स्टाप पर ही सबारी उतारेंगे औऱ बिढायेंगे तो इस समस्या का समाधान निश्चित है, औऱ तभी बास्तव मे स्मार्टसिटी बनेगी। धन्यवाद। 
0 0 शहर मैं सबारी गाड़ीयाँ सबारियों उतारने चढा़ने के लिये गाडिय़ाँ कहीं पर भी बीच मैं ही रोकदेते हैं जिससे उस गाड़ी के पीछे जाने वाले लोगों का आए दिन एक्सीडेंट होता रहता है औऱ एसा छोटी गाड़ी वाले जैसे टेंपो मेजिक रिक्शा वाले ही करते हैं इनके लिये भी कुछ कुछ दूरी पर स्टाप बना दिये जाये औऱ हर स्टाप पर ही ऐसे सेंसर लगये जायें जो स्टाप से कुछ दूरी तक निगरानी रख सके कि जो गाड़ी बीच में रुके उसका ओटोमेटिक चालान बन जाए इससे अतिरिक्त पुलिस की भी जरूरत नहीं पढ़ेगी. 
0 0 sir, kindly express your views on the betterment of sports facilities in india.the world knows our ability in academics, but its a shame that in olympics our great country starves for a single gold.it is attached with our pride so people want to know what on infrastructural level our gov is doing. 
0 0 श्रीमान माननीय प्रधानमंत्री सादर प्रणाम  आज मै आपसे देश में हो रही परीक्षाओं के बारे में कहना चाहता हूँ। आपको इसकी जानकारी हो सकता हो पर फिर भी मैं अापका ध्यान इस ओर खींचना चाहता हूँ कि पेपर लीक की समस्या का सामना हमें करना पडता है या फिर पेपर यदि आनलाइन है तो सेन्टर में ही पेपर साल्व किये जाते हैं। इस प्रकार के अवैधानिक कार्य में संलिप्त होने वालों के खिलाफ कडा से कडा कानून बनाकर इस समस्या से हमें निजात दिलाइये। आपको दिवाली की बहुत बहुत शुभकामनायें आप हमेशा स्वस्थ्य रहें यही मेरी कामना है। 
0 0 Sir, Children, the angels of our Bharat, need our immediate help and support. 1. The street children longing for the love of the mother and the warmth of the father need the shoulders of the Government and the society. 2. The innocent children whose future is hanging at the courts due to the custody fight between the parents are deprived of the normal growth and development .3. Thousands of kids die due to infectious diseases for lack of medical help. Society & Govt to wipe out tears . 
0 0 सर दिवाली कि शुभकामना गव्हर्मेंट कि परीक्षा का result  कि तारीख कितीनी होनी चाहिये क्योकी कुछ XAM के  result १ २ साल  लगते नाही स्टुडन्ट कितने साल result का इंतजार करे मैने नवोदय विद्यालय कि LOWER DIVISION CLERK XAM परीक्षा JUN -१५ और टायपिंग XAM DEC -१५ मे दिया लेकिन अभि तक  result  नाही लगा 
0 0 Sir! Greetings! At this juncture of our country's security at stake,my humble submission is that all local bodies should take stock of their youth population and every gp/municipality/corporation should have a strong youth wing who are trained in various arts including martial arts, disaster management etc needed for protecting their own area! By this, the outcome would be marvellous as we can inculcate the feeling of commitment in them! Also politicians should unite for this cause! 
0 0 परम आदरणीय प्रधान मंत्री श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी , मेरे पास एक आईडिया है जो इस प्रकार है,---------------इन्टरनेट पर चाहे कोई भी साईट खोलो इंग्लिश में ही आती है और उसमे ट्रान्सलेट की व्यवस्था भी रहती है तो उसमे अन्य भाषा तो रहता है किन्तु हिंदी का आप्सन नहीं रहता है| हिंदी का आप्सन देश में खुलने वाली हर इंटरनेट की बेब साईट पर हो जाए तो मतलब चाहे कुछ भी इंटरनेट पर खोलो उसमे ट्रान्सलेट हिंदी का आप्सन होना चाहिए | हिंदी हमारे देश की राष्टीय भाषा है इसके सम्मान में इतना तो होना ही चाहिए |धन्यवाद  | 
0 0 Pl introduce electrol reforms, minimum education, payment of gov dues, electric bills etc.2. Scrab old laws..2. Teen agers are driving bike at very big speed, causing accidents for youngers and other users. Pl appeal to drive at 50KPH and observe traffic rules. Introduce traffic rules and display on road sides. Let those be taught in schools and colleges. 
0 0 Respected Sir, I have two suggestions to make which will help generate emplyment and benefit the common man & Farmers: (1). Pharma graduates may be encouraged to open Generic Medicine shops which needs less investment at the places of their choice.(2) Agricultural Graduates & Vet. Doctors can be motivated to start business of Dairy, Poultry, Sheep/Goat, Fish Bio Gas, Bio Fertiliser etc. Detailed scheme such as Financing, allottment of shops, Training etc can be worked out. 
0 0 sir India is dirty, as there r no toilets with shops in market. No toilet at each platform. No toilet in courts, hospitals,parks,roadside, gov offices,private offices. Let toilet with each shop, one compulsory toilet for 5 shops in market.2. As suggested by u, arrange to supply LED bulb at Rs50 and free LED bulb to poor.3. Make cheap solar connection for each house. 4. Like GST, make school fees one in all India for public schools, NCERT books compulsory in India, schools not to supply uniforms 
0 0 परम आदरणीय प्रधान मंत्री श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी , मेरे पास एक आईडिया है जो इस प्रकार है ----चुनाव लड़ने वालो के लिए कम से कम एक अनिवार्य शिक्षा (उस जगह  के ग्राम, ब्लाक, तहसील, जिला की शिक्षा स्तर का सर्वे किया जाय उसके आधार पर ) के स्तर मानक  होना अनिवार्य किया जाय |अगर शिक्षा का स्तर काफी नीचे है तो उसे बढाने का प्रयास हो और मानक के स्तर को भी उसी अनुसार बढाया जाय| 
0 0 Dear Modiji,Sir you are doing a great job for our country.we are very proud of you.i am sending my poem "लौ दिए की जगमगाती रहे,for your Man ki Baat on Diwali.I will be very happy if you include this poem in Man ki Baat on Diwali. thank you, Wishing you a very Happy Diwali & Gujarati New year! Dr Deepika Sharma ,Noida, U.P. 
0 0 sir please aware to all mnc and private company for create recruitment for divang physically challenged people acording their qualification and also provide pension scheame for divang and also provide facility to all train coach thank you! 
1 0 Respected Honourable Prime Minister Sir, I congratulate you and ministry of HRD for starting 32 higher eduaction channel on free dth platform.This is historic step for students in rural area to connect with quality education.Thank you 
0 0 Dear Modiji,I am sending my poem for Mann ki baat on Diwali. लौ दिए की जगमगाती रहे,उम्मीदों के स्वप्न सजाती रहे. ये जो धवल,श्वेत है,रुई की बाती,कहीं सुदूर किसी किसान की पाती, काश उसके कर्जे उतरते रहे,उसकी बिटिया भी रंगोली सजाती रहे. ये जो कीमती परिधान हम सब हैं पहने,कारीगरों ने बहाये थे खूब पसीने, कारखानों तक रौशनी आती रहे,धानी चुनर माथा सजाती रहे, ये जो मिट्टी केदिए कतार में रखे हैं,चाकपर की थी मेहनत,तब यूँ सजे हैं, कुम्हार,मूर्तिकार दिवाली मनातेरहे,अन्नपूर्णा कीरसोई भरमाती रहे.डॉ दीपिका 
0 0 Hon'ble P.M Kindly give a wish in your 25 episodes,Mann ki baat in favour of Manipuri NINGOL CHAKOUBA a great secular Festival fall on 1st Nov 2016. The significant of the feast that a grant feast enjoys together,sister who married different far places with their father,mother and brother.After finishing the feast father,mother and brother gave a simple gift. #MannKiBaat,#MyGov,#AIR,#PMOnRadio. 
1 0 Sir, 1. I request you to ask countrymen to donate school books of their children and make a central library in each city or the same can be collected in school library. It should not be compulsary to buy a new set of books in each session. If someone wants he should have option of taking old set of books. Why wasting so much money and trees on printing new books every year. 2. Request you to initiate a prize competition for cleanest colony in each area for Swachh bharat abhiyan. 
0 0 Its a tremendous work that our PM sir is doing to bring and include every player of Team India in the race for development because Its simple- 'together we stand, divided we fall.' I have shared my experience and message that i wanted to share as a .pdf file. Jai Hind! #MannKiBaat #MyGov #AIR #PMOnRadio 
0 0 Hon'ble P.M kindly give a wish in your 25 episodes,Mann ki baat in favour of Manipuri NINGOL CHAKOUBA a great secular Festival on 1st Nov 2016. 
0 0 Respected Honourable Prime Minister Sir, India. Wish you a very happy Diwali. Sir, I am from Assam. Assam including NE is backward in comparison to rest of India. Assam n NE has huge scopes in Tourism sector. But, due to lack of necessary promotion n highlight this is in dark. Tourism can be a big industry in Assam n NE. So, hereby I request you kindly to share n say few words about potential and prospects of Tourism in Assam and NE. With thanks Rana Baruah Guwahati, Assam 
0 0 Jammu and Kashmir C.M Mufti Sahiba in her speech conveyed  Army to help the detained youngs and youths to desert their mindset of stone pelting and adopt to laptops , books and pen. You also expressed that Kashmiri kids should have laptop and pen. How one can change the Mindset? I firmly feel that mindset of anyone can be changed by engaging kids in Skill  developemnt, education and sports at he place of detention Regards 
0 0 We have many pilgrim places in India 12Jyotirling of Shiv,4dham and as in Maharashtra I am aware about Alandi,Tuljapur,Pandharpur,Ghrshneshwar where lakh of people are coming daily/weekly But these pilgrim places are still having poor development. Roads are very poor in quality, no cleanliness as these will come in Grampanchyat/Nagarpalikas. If we create "Smart Pilgrims" in all over India, it will increase more tourism as of current situation. People who will come with devotion will inform other 
2 0 Honorable prime minister i want to say that your schemes does not make sound at ground level. for instance - Ujjawala scheme in my town all cylinders distributed only in rich people and all the poor are deprived of it . you should make a committee in order to take cognizance of it . Otherwise in policy making not any difference between your gov. and previous I am late for this information because i has been unable to do 
0 0 Sir Diwali aane waali hai kya hum apni diwali raushan karne k saath unn anath gareeb bacho ki diwli raushan nhi kar sakte.Hum naye kapre kharidte hai par kya puraane kapro ko unn bacho ya jarutatman logo ko nhi d sakte.Iske liye hum apne ilako me ek aisa corner banaye jisme hum apne purane kapre ya kuch bhi rakh de jo kisi k kaam aaye.ATUL KUMAR OJHA THANE 
0 0 Sir, In our country all most year eastern coast is affected by cyclonic strome  can we make basic infrastructure to prevent  ccasualties happen  due to this. 
0 0 Ppl from vllgs and small twns r nt abl to undtstnd the meaning and bnfts of dgtl and dgtl india.We r tryng our bst to explain them wherever pssbl bt since radio is the only srce which exist at every crnr of india, so would rqst to explain dgtl and dgtl india meanining,prps and aim in vry smpl language so that ppl from vllgs and small towns able to undrstnd to supprt it.Lt they undrstnd DGTL IS 4VLLGSDGTL IS 4TOWN DGTL IS 4CTY DGTL IS 4DISTT DGTL IS 4STATE DGTL IS 4INDIA Mukes Negi, Techmahindra 
0 0 Sir,I would like to suggest that why can't we spend money on solar energy to illuminate all villages in India particularly in summer instead of spending on satellites and Mars Mission. 
0 0 sir tell all people to celebrate eco friendly diwali 
0 0 hi sir, this time share your childhood experience on diwali.... 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सिर्फ मेरी आप से एक ही माँग है कि आप भारत रत्न स्वर्गीय डा0 अब्दुल कलाम जी के जन्म दिन 15अक्टूबर(15/10/1931)को विद्यार्थी दिवस के रूप मे मनाया जाए क्योकि वो विद्यार्थियो के लिए एक आदर्श थे।मुझे आशा है कि आप समस्त विद्यार्थियो की जन भावनाओ को ध्यान मे रखते हुए आगे से डा0 कलाम जी के जन्मदिन को विद्यार्थी दिवस के रूप मे मनाने का फैसला करेगे। जय हिन्द भारत माता की जय हो। 
0 0 Namastha sir please speak about  Bike riders rash driving accident accur most of them youngsters below 20 years there are future india road saftey awareness  programes  Thank you sir 
0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister, Your own BJP Party are striving at Tuensang District, Nagaland. The BJP party volunteers and workers are not given any opportunity or financial assistance nor any schemes launched by the Central BJP government. As such, we express the problems of the BJP, BJYM and BJMM on your desk. I have attached herewith a proposal from your own children. Do please give us the opportunity to work for BJP smoothly and help us while we struggle to promote the party. 
0 0 Sir don't you think its time to do the work. Sir still our india is least in the world. 22% people bhooke sote hain. Kitno ke pas ghar bhi nahi hain, Kisaan ke pas abhi bhi paryapt pani nahi hain. Aapke PM banne ke bad se abhi ki halaat me jada badlaao nahi aaya hai sir. Sir, Aadmi ko utna uper hi udna chahiye jahan se jamin najar aaye. Thanks 
0 0 Respected Sir, please evaluate the opportunity of government celebration of Diwali rather than making it an individual festival.The government can designate some areas where fireworks will be lit and the same can be viewed by all. Rather than every individual buying crackers and add to air, noise pollution. It may be difficult to engage the crowds but the change has to begin. 
0 0 Dear PM, If you could send 50 thousand Indian students for post graduation to countries of their choice with condition that they return and work or teach in India, It could improve our academic culture. We are losing 20 billion dollars every year due to students going abroad for higher studies. We can save a lot in just two to four years, if 50k students go and come back and teach here. Also please allow schools to run in rented premises at least in the small villages and towns as part of NEP 
0 0 Share Your Views...happy diwali our shoulders and all india proud to be indian force god bless you 
0 0 Respected Mr. Prime Minister, The inclusion of cellular technology has given us the needed connectivity but has widened the gap within the society. To increase the social bond there is a suggestion. Students enrolled in NCC/NSS in various institutions can be alerted when someone is in distress based upon the location. A gazetted officer can approve the student based upon the severity of emergency. MHRD can give some incentive (waiver of fees) based upon effective accomplishment. 
0 0 Dear sir, kindly focus on Air connectivity issue of one of the fastest growing city of india, Surat. world's only City with population of 5.5m has no proper air connectivity and international airport. SURAT is hub of diamond, textile and many other industry. THIS city has potential to be the next metro city of india, as well as Global city of World. Being a NRI It's take to long time to reach home from Dubai to surat via Mumbai or Ahm. Remember your old word to make Surat as Singapore. 
0 0 Please educate pedestrians on how and when to cross the roads,importance of using footpath wherever possible and motorists to honk less and follow simple Lane discipline. I know there are bigger problems in our country to solve but it is sad that we still do not understand the importance of motorist and pedestrian rules. Everyday Many accidents occur due to pedestrian jumping and crossing anywhere and in turn resulting to motorist honking. Thank you 
0 0 Respected Sir, Some easy suggestions for preventing frauds on Debit/Credit cards. 1.By default all cards should be disabled for International usage unless the customer wants 2. it should be possible to enable or disable the international usage facility by Phone banking or Internet Banking 3.If a card is detected as being being swiped outside India, the system should ask for another pin. The pin should able to be changed by Phone Banking or Internet Banking 
0 0 Modi ji.apko saadar pranaam.Jab se aap is desh k PM bane hain ,lagta hai is desh ka sunahra din aane vaala hai.sabse pehle to apko surgical strike k faisle k liye bahut danaywaad.Hamare desh k jawano mai himmat or bahaduri ki koi kami nhi hai bus unhe zarurat hai ek himmat or bahaduri prime minister ki.Aap mai vo sab hai Jo ek prime minister mai hona chahiye.Please modi ji aap ko nhi lagta ki Hamare desh ki Raajniti kabi kabi desh PE haavi ho jaati hai.Desh ka sammaan pehle or Raajniti baad mai. 
1 0 As every industries are present in Metro cities, so people from villages have to come for work in metro and leave their parents and villages alone and they have to stay far from home. So cant we start initiative as "One Village One Industry" so people staying in villages get jobs within their village itself and they don't have to go far from their parents. If it succeed then metro will not get over populated and villages should not became empty. Due to this villages will also become smarter 
0 0 Dear Respectable Prime Minister, This is regarding the recent frauds on Credit cards. One should be able to Disable/Enable international feature by phone banking or Internet banking, so that the international usage feature is allowed for the moment it is required. By default it should be disabled, unless the customer wants. Further when the card is detected by the system as being used/swiped outside India, it should ask for another pin. I feel these can be implemented easily. Regards 
0 0 Hello Sir, Firstly I thank to you for u r work. I have just good idea about develop our country. i am complete my graduation and now complete law exam. please give me a chance to share my idea. I start from my city Ahmednagar. 
2 0 i am a diploma holder(electrical). i have passed in 2014. i filled up  many goverment job application form. reached up to final merit ,but not selected due to absence of unique national level syllabus, contain and  procedure like  GRADUATE APTITUDE TEST IN ENGINEERING (GATE).  multiple job application form is costly to fill up and i am unable to bear this expenses. i have to go many cities for exam alsocastly. ONE NATION ,ONE EXAM ,ONE SYSTEM FOR JUNIOR ENGINEER EXAM save time and money.thans 
0 0 Dear Sir,Please let us know about the latest development in Maternity amendment bill.Looking forward for an announcement that it has been implemented through ordinance. Government has passed many bills through ordinance in past few years and this so important bill which is going to impact women at large is being hung in middle. This government is known for its pace.Please consider this request and make the Diwali of many nursing and pregnant women brighter. #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadi 
0 0 My wife Mamta Matta suggests that there is an imminent and immediate need to make compulsory military service for young Indians for at least two to three years as is prevalent in various countries. This shall enable more discipline and love for Nation and generate camaraderie with compassion for national good. My deceased father, an engineer who migrated after partition used to  say,"If an Indian has two sons, then least one must go to serve in army". I feel luckless, I couldn't! 
0 0 respected sir jai bharat sir regarding aviation sector please ask our concerned officials to find out a method by which a normal middle class person can have a one time meal at optimized costs. present rates are too high and a normal man goes hungry at airport who may have come not to enjoy the flight but to attend some personal or national emergency. sunil jai hind 
1 0 Respected sir,I belong to remote village of Karnataka but working as software Engineer in Bangalore,I always have in my mind to go back roots and help farmers and make my native a modal village,but even to get drinking water we need to walk 2 Kms, farmers condition is Pathetic.There r many such villages in our country. Its very difficult to find any kind of resource due to lack of water to these regions,It wil be great fr people like me if gov tries to identify villages and start irrigating them 
0 0 Hi Sir, please form a young and effective and unbiased committee, send them to different parts of the country and they can let you know the reality so that you can make much effective decisions on governing and have a insight about what is really going on, and troubled places like Bihar and gurgoan please send in some NGO's in there and educate people on how to behave and how lead life in a civilized manner so that the honor killings might be reduced 
0 0 All our ministers (including PM)are Top Most Government person. In their public address they must speak as Government Representives and not as member of any political party. They must also resist from making statements indicating poor performance of previous Governments, they are representing the Government of India, they must continue talking on actions, results, future plans, advisories, let all of us be positive, constructive; then only we shall grow sustainably. 
0 0 Respected sir Please ask the citizens not to burn house waste of any kind They are not aware that it is not relieving them of their waste but inviting serious health hazards... It becomes difficult to breath Please ask not to burn waste outside houses in colony They should walk little further and dispose in the waste bin provided DONOT SET YOUR WASTE ON FIRE 
2 0 आदरणीय श्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी नमस्ते में आपसे यह कहना चाहता हूँ कि जब कोई व्यक्ति अपनी नोकरी से सेवानिवृत्त हो जाता है और उसका शरीर किसी कारण कार्यकरने की छमता खो देता है तो उसको अपनी पेंसन लेने के लिए अपने किसी की मदद की जरुरत पड़ती है जो उसको उठाकर बैंक तक ला सके हम कुछ ऐसा नहीं कर सकते की वह अपने घर से ही अपने आप को प्रदर्षित कर दे और उनको कोई तकलीफ ना हो। और उनका पैसा उनतक आसानी से पहुँच जाएं ।।।।। धन्यबाद😊 
0 0 Hi Sir, in our country there are many laws that has to be changed for example child labor the punishment for child labor is so much less and many more please look into the outdated laws and change it accordingly and also introduce new laws which forces Indian citizens to be neat and clean on roads like western countries have,and also create a forum for students who are interested in business so that new ideas will come in and make India can be successful 
0 0 Namaste hon'ble PM .. i would like you to share my thoughts regarding accessibility sir for every persons with disabilities accessibilty is primary need and core issue for their devlopment without accessibility in infrastructure technology etc their dev not possible sir there should be Constitution of Accessibility board at central and state level which should be entitled for assistance& awarness regarding accessibilty it may be regulate accessibilty standard in country and its implementation 
1 0 इस बार आप उन गरीब भाइयों के लिए कुछ कहो, जो दियासलाई बनाते हो, सड़क किनारे रहते हो , जो घर बार छोड़ कर दूसरे प्रदेश में काम कर रहे हो , और उनके लिए भी जो पूरी तरह से ईमानदारी से अपना काम कर रहे है रोजाना, चाहे ऑफिस हो , सिग्नल पर लाल बत्ती पर रुकना हो , कचरा न करते हुए सड़क से कचरा समेट लेते हो , जो झगड़ा होने पर सुलझाने का प्रयास करते हो , मदद के लिए सदैव तत्पर रहने वाले सभी के लिए ... 
0 0 Respected Sir, For Supreme Bharat there is a necessity of govt. offices/Bank should work 6 days a week. Alternatively  govt. offices should not closed continuously for more than 2 days. Also there should be 4 days a week for workers doing physical work. May be in factories or else where. Besides all Govt./Semi Govt. employees should file Affidavit yearly to complete their task timely. With best regards, 
0 0 HAPPY DEEPAWALI Respected Sir, A Sr. citizen wish to declare by govt., the work of cleaning etc. A National Sport, covering workman employed by Municipalities/Zila Parishad etc. Performer, recommended by RWA’s or concerned be rewarded on block/tehsil level yearly. This will encourage and ensure cleaning work efficiently. With Best regards, 
0 0 Hi sir, The LGBT rights must be addressed sir the sexual orientation of the people cannot be decided by the government if some people are gay they must have the right to choose whom to marry the British who imposed this rule in India has supported LGBT rights in 1967, and why are still clinging on to the rule that they have imposed, we as a nation believe in democracy is this discrimination on LGBT people not hurting our democracy, please think about it and i hope u will come to conlusion #MYGov 
0 0 namaste sir , desh mein jo black money hai uske liye aur bahut kuch krna chahiye, jama khori ,rishvat, aadi mamle sakt karvai ho. 
0 0 Hello sir, we can have clean India if we the state governments and central governments work together why can't the central government collaborate with every state government and form one central committee to clear off stray dogs and buffaloes on road across India to create a clean environment and swachbharat is not really working in southern part of India sir.especially in Hyderabad.the roads are horrible in Hyderabad, its high time sir we need to have atleast good roads and dogs off the street 
1 0 Sir,I am totally impressed your successfully concluded IDS and I suggest you to take a 'Surgical Strike' on all Indian filmy personalities for hiding the black money without any fear and partiality.Openly the common men are knowing how much they earning and how much they disclosing. 
0 0 Militancy anywhere in the world is a matter of serious concern even if it is in Pakistan. We are suffering from various forms of militancies for a long time whether it is Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orrissa, J&K, or Northeast. We must understand the reasons of people turning militants and tackle. 
0 0 Skills are not born only in school, college, institution and at any special place and religion or title. School, College and institutions have all ready recognized for skill person. Skills may/can be each and everybody and also in every where. We just need to find out and select, those persons, which one can show and claim own skills at any where . If any one can show and prove his/her skill, then he/she should be able to take value and credit from the government. 
0 0 महोदय, आज महिलाओं के शिक्षित होने एवं पति एवं पत्नी दोनों के जॉब पर जाने और दिन भर घर से बाहर रहने के कारण न्यूक्लियर परिवारों में बच्चों को दाइयों के हवाले कर दिया जाता हैं और वे माँ बाप के प्यार के लिए तरसते रहते हैं. इस समस्या के निदान के लिए आधे दिन और आधे वेतन की सेवाओं का सृजन किया जाना चाहिए जिससे आधे दिन पति और आधे दिन पत्नी घर पर रहे और बच्चा सुरक्षित, प्रसन्न और मानसिक रूप से स्वस्थ रहे, पति पत्नी दोनों शाम को थके मांदे न हों और दोनों दुनिया से जुड़े भी रहें. 
0 0 sir i am a student of NIT jalandhar. many a times i observe students going to classes leaving theri fan,bulb & other appliance ON. THEIR fan remain on 24 hours without use. sir this is one NIT and i think hundreds of stds do this. Many govt institutes in inda  provide hostel and many stds do the same, sir when PM speaks,everyone listen. sir i want to request to raise this issue and address all the students in the country to take care of it. we can save much much Energy. #JAI HIND! 
0 0 Hi Sir, Greetings for the festive season. My recent train journey led me to a question. How the passenger and goods train pilot and guard access toilet facilities while the train is moving. If its not avaiable in their respective work areas, please do something for providing them a dignified access to toilets. Thanks Unnat 
0 0 Sir, I appreciate Swachha Bharat movement, I would like to give one suggestion which I think can make this movement more effective. Sir we don't have sufficient DUSTBIN on roads. Dustbins should be available at walking distance, so that we will be able to throw things in dustbin. For this we can encourage people to keep small dustbin outside of there Shop or Home. 
0 0 I saw many people comments and complaints after surgical strike by India on Pakistan and many of those shows lots of disrespect to our army, some even made by politician just to get publicity. The reason behind it is they don't know how army works and perform to give their best to save ourselves and nations. My suggestion to PMO is to mandate and make it compulsory for all citizens of India to perform in army for two years as soon they turn 18 years old so that they know how & what army does. 
0 0 महोदय, मैं उप चुनाव के लिऐ मेरी एक स्कीम सादर कर रहा हूँ. कृपया संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का अवलोकन किजीऐ... धन्यवाद ! राजेश नृपनारायण 7741960398 nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com #MannkiBaat #MyGov 
0 0 Dear Sir 1. Ban access of accessories from those countries who support Pak led terrorism. 2. There are huge vacant land by the side of railway track miles after miles. Plant Fruit-Trees there. 3. Increase number of medicines from 376 to much more under NLEM and cut MRP for Indian citizen, because medicine companies make huge unnecessary profit from poor patients. 
0 0 Sir please try to stop burning crackers , save our nature or nation , Thank you. 
0 0 SIR i want you that in india you must introuduce credit card system for all work to buy any goods.if this can be reduce courrpution. name pawan shukla allahabad 
0 0 देश के सेना के जवानो और नवजनो को मेरी तरफ से दीवाली की हार्दिक शुभ कामनाए और सभी को हॅपी दीवाली हिन्दी ब्लॉग https://goo.gl/l1ePZW 
0 0 What our government is doing for poverty alleviation? Some days before I came to know through media, As per Global Hunger Index Report UN released total list of 118 countries and India stand as 97 out of 118.In India 39% children are undeveloped due to lack of adequate nutrition. Total 15.2% population of India is suffering from Malnutrition. The GHI (UN) given 28.5 score to India. As per report our neighboring country Nepal,Bangladesh,Mayanmar and Srilanka is better than India. 
1 0 #MaanKiBaat Dear PM Sahib...Jai Bharat. It is humbly requested that the wages of Army/security personnel etc should be enhanced and those who sacrifies their lives for the sake of the Nation should be declared as "BHARAT-PUTR" officially and his family is rewarded with at least Rs:One Crore irrespective of the state he belongs too. We as an united society and nation can easily do this. With best wishes and warm regards. Kishore Kumar Sharma alis Vidhrohi...Zirakpur(Mohali). 
1 0 महोदय, मैं चीन द्वारा भारतीय मार्केट में जो भरमार हो गई है एवंम MAKE IN INDIA के लिऐ एक बहुत बढीया स्कीम सादर कर रहा हॅूं. कृपया साथ में संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का एक बार जरूर गौर किजीऐ. धन्यवाद ! राजेश नृपनारायण 7741960398 nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com #MannKiBaat #MyGov 
0 0 Hi Sir, Kindly explain the uniform civil code in very layman language as to what does it contain and clear the myths that people debate about the same? I guess, even going forward, it is always beneficial to explain the new laws or benefits to people in the language they understand through this. Since it comes from the PM, people will not doubt further. Jai Hind. 
0 0 महोदय, मैं चीन द्वारा भारतीय मार्केट में जो भरमार हो गई है एवंम MAKE IN INDIA के लिऐ एक बहुत बढीया स्कीम सादर कर रहा हॅूं. कृपया साथ में संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का एक बार जरूर गौर किजीऐ. धन्यवाद ! राजेश नृपनारायण 7741960398 nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com #MannKiBaat #MyGov 
0 0 jai hind viro jawano subhkamney dipawali 
0 0 HONORABLE ,Prim Minister GOVT. OF INDIA NEW DELHI 
0 0 Kindly encourage small local labors and farmers so that we can improve our market and if we boycott foreign goods for continuous 90 days strictly like emergency period, definitely US dollar will come down to five rupees. Also, kindly take action to get cauvery water supply to Tamilnadu as we are really shortage of water. Our main task is Agriculture, Bringing Black Money, Good Education, Improving Local market, reducing petrol and diesel rates, etc. 
0 0 jai hind viro jawano subhkamney dipawali 
0 0 Dear Modiji, Namaskar. Jai Hind. Vande Mataram. Jai Shree Ram. Happy and Prosperous Diwali to you. I pray sincerely to God and my spiritual Master Sri Gnanananda Giri Maharaj to shower more strength and blessings upon you for more tenures as PM. Kindly take severe and strict action on Pakistan as we are facing more and more lives of jawans almost everyday. Kindly insist to develop agriculture immediately as we are in need of the hour. Strictly boycott Chinese products even electronics also. 
0 0 take pledge that all indians are our brothers and sisters.Let us act in this direction and make the pledge meaningful by taking care of our dalit brothers and sisters.. 
0 0 I had few friends who belong to dalit community.They are very affectionate and innocent people and we have to treat them with affection.  The dalit colonies represent the most lopsided face of our development policies.Ward members,MLAs to visit such colonies make and assessment of the situation and use their funds to improve the situation.Even individual citizens and civil society can interact with them ,understand their problems ,bring them to the notice of authorities for further action.we 
0 0 him but have we ever thought of how many days he had been without food?? The food that we eat today are the effort of their labour and our streerts are clean due to their efforts.The society has given them torture ,discrimination,ill treatment,poverty..etc.They are not even aware of their rights as a citizen  as they are toiling from dawn to dusk for a livelihood and rarely get time to fight for their rights.So we have to reach out ot them. 
0 0 Dear Sir, With regard to Swatch Bharat though people have become conscious of keep their locality clean there need to be Swatch Toilets at prominent locations in all cities and towns and help citizens to be good citizens. No one intends to urinate or defecate but the urgency and non availability of swatch public toilets make them do such shameful act. Request you to involve local authorities and plan for a scheme to bring cleanliness and maintenance of public toilets 
0 0 Here are some helpful info about bio-degradable plastics downloaded in PDF. 
0 0 Sir, I requested to you, we need to focus on our farmer and give him new technology and loan for improve his/her production, because Farmers trend now seems to be working slowly, so the government will have to take some good steps, and the government must stop using agricultural land misuse. And should not be built on farm land.All these facilities/technology give the best rate/discount. Jai Javan Jai Kisan Jai Hind Jai Bharat 
0 0 Sir Dalits are attacked for various reasons in our  country.A major issue in this regard is that they are mostly attaced on the issue of killing of cows.How long can a person survive without food?? The abject condition of poverty that compel them to kill cows for food as dead cows are the only food available to them without facing objection from others.They have a no intention to offend religious sentiments of our society.If ever a dalit have been caught attacking a cow the society has punished 
0 0 Respected Modiji, Kindly have a talk about bio-degradable plastics @ your upcoming MANN KI BAAT, so that we can reduce the environmental pollution whether it is water or land or air polluition. Have a complete ban of plastics and to engage the people of our country in using and producing bio-degradable plastics which can be easily degraded by burying and by the action of micro-organisms. http://www.biostockspro.com/7-advantages-of-biodegradable-plastics/ 
0 0 Respected Sir, Vande MATRAM, I want to suggest that In RTI ACT (Right to Information) ought to be corrected according file given speed post EI525342353IN to Shri Narendra Ji Modi, Nai Delhi... 
0 0 Aadharaniya Prime minister I would like to invite your attention regarding road traffic rules violation.you can assess the fact that accidents are causing loss of life ,money,energy etc. In this occasion I would like you to invite our techies to develop a soft ware in the form of sensors that,shouldnt allow a person while driving to use mobile phone.I think it can reduce the accident rate.Thus we can save money for our country. Respectfully Raji Kerala 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नमस्ते, मै कहना चाहता हूँ की ये बड़ी बड़ी कंपनियां वर्करों का जो शोषण करती है, कृप्या इस पर कुछ कहें। धन्यवाद। 
2 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदीजी, मेरा आपसे अनुरोध है की आप जाती आधारित आरक्षण की नीति को ख़तम करे और आर्थिक आरक्षण की व्यवस्था को लागु करे | इस से देश के हर गरीब आदमी को फायदा होगा और देश को जातिवाद से छुटकारा मिलेगा | आशा करता हु आप मेरी विनती को ध्यान में लेंगे | जय हिन्द | जय भारत | 
0 0 Respected Sir, I can feel positive vibrations under your government, which were missing earlier. Sir, Air Pollution is getting worst day by day in delhi and other metro cities. We may encourage peoples to use environment friendly options like cycling to office(if possible),use of public transport etc. Some sort of encouragement to the peoples who use cycle for their daily activities and we need to change the common thought that cycle is for poor and it is not as per our status. Thanks Jai Hind. 
0 0 Respected PM, I would like to draw your attention towards an issue we are failing to heed — INCREASING CRUELTY TOWARDS ANIMALS. In the recent times a number of incidents involving sadistic and insensitive approach towards animals have surfaced. If this issue is not addressed, innocent animals would continue to suffer at the hands of human recklessness. I request you to urge the people of this country to treat animals with respect and care and enforce stricter punishments against miscreants 
0 0 Sir, Please read my point on farmers. i have attached a file. Jai Shree Ram 
0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी, आपने पिछले वर्ष किसानों को खेतों में आग नहीं लगाने की बात की थी। लेकिन आग तो हम हर जगह लगाते हैं। अधिकतर लोगों की शायद यह सोच है की कचरे में अगर आग लगा दो, तो सफाई हो जाती है।  अधिकतर शहरों में, निगम के सफाई कर्मचारी भी झाड़ू लगा कर कचरा इकठ्ठा करते है, और उसमें माचिस लगा देते हैं। (बाकी PDF में) 
0 0 जब भारतीय मुस्लिम किसी अपराध के लिए शरीयत की दण्ड व्यवस्था को नहीं अपनाते हैं, भारतीय दण्ड संहिता का पालन करते है, अत: तीन तलाक़ व बहु विवाह ही शरीयत से क्यों होनी चाहिए ? #MannKiBaat 
0 0 Dear Sir I would say government is doing good in every field .but there is need of action of every plan which are in existence ,and to get any results action is highly important which is slow need to be fast,further highly quality education is missing in rural area specially attention required there,another most important thing population pressure need to take some plans to balance rural & urban ratio, 
0 0 Defining 'Rights of residents' and protecting them will go a long way in ensuring security and social harmony in Indian society.  Parking vehicles in front of residences, playing and assembly of people, loud-speaker or vehicular or other noise, creating pollution or dumping garbage near residences: all these are to be considered as violation of 'Rights of residents'.  Legal and government support should be provided to prevent citizen rights. Then, dominance of bad over good could be prevented. 
0 0 Plz sir, police ki kaary pranaali ko sudharne k life kadam uthaye buhat saare avaidh kaam unke sanrakshan me ho rage h  me mp narsinghpur ka rahne wala hu 
0 0 Govt should allow artist to paint railway stations boogies, public buses / transport, roads etc and put their name and signature + artist photo if they want. This is win win situation for both. Artist will get publicity + govt will save money in painting their assets + city will be beautified. Eg. - Public get bored of seeing same color boogie of local trains in Mumbai for ages. If this is implemented, then public can expect different artistic colors in all trains etc. 
0 0 Success of Swachha Bharat will be dependent on the working of local governments (Panchayat, Municipality, city corporations).  Corporators and other local representatives are to be inspired to keep the city clean. Initiatives of Central and state governments can reach citizens only through the local government and elected representatives. High levels of compliance with principles of urban planning, not violating building plans, providing adequate parking space in new constructions are required 
2 0 Sir, Please implement reservation system only on basis of income, but not on caste system. I see my friends who are open category students, but poor, they can't get any assistance from government. IN future if it continuous then people forms groups on basis of caste.  This may collapse unity of this great country 
1 0 I feel current generation is loosing importance of Army men mainly children. To make children realize the value of army, schools should invite Army men / Ex-Army men from their locality or near by and honor them during Republic day &/ Independence day. This will give dual benefit, 1st Army veterans or current serving Army men will get their honor form locals + children from childhood will be related to this issue. This will also help army to get aspirants candidates in future. 
0 0 Dear Sir, First of all I Salute to our military soldiers who have lost their lives for the sake of our conuntry. I am proud to be indian. I belong to Powerlinks Transmission Company Limited , It is a joint venture of Tata Power and Powergrid. Now winter season has to be start and there will be a problem of Electricity Transmission Lines due to dense fog and other problem is that some of the villagers used to fly kites near the transmission lines due to infringement of Kite thread made by china , 
0 0 महोदय, उप चुनाव के बारे में मेरी राय साथ में पीडीएफ फाईल के स्वरूप में सादर कर रहा हूँ. कृपया एक बार जरूर गौर किजीये. धन्यवाद ! राजेश नृपनारायण 7741960398 nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com 
0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी, आपने पिछले वर्ष किसानों को खेतों में आग नहीं लगाने की बात की थी। लेकिन आग तो हम हर जगह लगाते हैं। अधिकतर लोगों की शायद यह सोच है की कचरे में अगर आग लगा दो, तो सफाई हो जाती है।  अधिकतर शहरों में, निगम के सफाई कर्मचारी भी झाड़ू लगा कर कचरा इकठ्ठा करते है, और उसमें माचिस लगा देते हैं। (बाकी PDF में) 
1 0 Dear PM, There should be a phone number on which for each missed call Rs 10-15 should be charged which should directly go to 'Army Battle Casualty Fund'. Advantage: 1. Rs 10-15 is very small amount so a person with minimum income can contribute. 2. Everyone has mobile these days, so its very easy to contribute (no internet banking/no visit a bank/any other payment mode). This will give common people a sense of direct connect with our Security Forces by directly helping their families. 
2 0 मान्यवर सादर प्रणाम, भागदौड़ की इस ज़िंदगी में हम अपने मानवीय मूल्यों एवं कर्तव्यों को भूलते जा रहे हैं। जानवरों के प्रति लोगों का नज़रिया निराशाजनक है। एक-डेढ़ महीने पहले टीवी पर देखा कैसे दो छात्रों ने एक कुत्ते को बिल्डिंग से नीचे फेंका। आपने भी शक्तिमान नमक घोड़े के बारे में सुना होगा। ऐसे ही देश में जानवरों को कई यातनाओं का सामना करना पड़ता है। अतः मेरी आपसे विनती है कि जनता से अपील करें की वे पशुओं के प्रति अच्छा रवैया अपनाएं ओर उन्हें नुकसान न पहुंचाएं। और जो ना माने उन्हें कड़ी सज़ा दी जाए। 
0 0 Just an thought for getting info on domestic black money - Govt should give the whistle-blower / informer 10% of the amount black money recovered + 90% of the amount should be put in the village (of his choice) to make it smart village + to give his name to one of the street in an honor. If the informer lives in city, then his building / ward / area - roads, waste mgt, sewerage etc should be repaired or developed or develop public transport in his area etc 
0 0 Subject: MUNNA solution for a BIGGER problem There remains a shortage of coins in Indian market all the time. A big cause for the shortage is the innocent ‘good’ habit of coin collection by young kids, but they store (‘stash’) the  coins for several months/years in their money boxes. Our beloved PM may call upon the children to frequently take out coins and hand over to their parents in exchange for currency notes while they leave for shopping (and gradually exchange for big currency notes) 
0 0 Sir I agree many toilets have been built and more are under construction, but people don't use them as they are dirty and smell badly. Waterless urinals are installed in many public toilets abroad, the urine passes through a trap which contains a chemical gel and which neutralises the smell. The urine just passes on to the waste pipe, and there is no need to waste precious water on flushing. 
0 0 maine ek Nagpur pull campus attend kiya lekin kuch reply nhi aya. aisa dekha gya hai ki apprenticeship sirf paper par hai lekin jab hum jate to company vale bhaga dete hai. apprenticeship act sirf paper par hai uski puri tarah se implementation kab hogi... 
0 0 respected Sir, On this platform I want to ask that you are believing that air-connectivity is very important for progress and development of any city. Then why the 9th largest city of the country didn't given the international airport till date? The diamond city which produces 8 diamond out of 10 at the world level and which produces high amount of fabric each day is lacking in the air connectivity issue. So what you are going to do for this issue before state election of Gujarat? 
0 0 (1) Now a days on-line shopping like Amzon, Snapdeal, Flipcart etc are attracting customers and manufactures are also selling their good in very less price than MRP to these on-line service providers, is it possible government to intervene and get on-line shopping away by regulating manufactures to direct sale their products to customers without giving brokerage ( to on-line companies (2) Best affordable (rate)daily need items for common man (3)Revie on MP & MLA funds and its proper utilisation 
0 0 Sir instead of unsafe and polluting crackers let us have huge and beautiful public displays of fireworks as they do in advanced countries. The whole country stops to watch the fireworks on Bastille Day in France or the King's birthday in Thailand. Let us light up our homes and cities but we can have safe fireworks carried out by professionals which would be truly spectacular. 
0 0 जो लोग इन सब चीजो को एफर्ट करते है ठीक है पर बाकी लोगो पर इसका  विपरीत असर पड़ रहा है ! 
0 0 सर आपकी अपील का रिएक्शन जल्दी होता है इसलिए मैं आपके माध्यम से चाहता हूँ की आप एक और अपील करे (१) जैसे शादी ब्याह में बहुत सारा खाना बर्बाद होता है उसको रोकना (२) आजकल के बचे १८ साल से भी कम उम्र के सारे नियम कानून तक पर रख कर के स्कूटर मोटरसाइकिल चला  रहे है बिना ट्रैफिक रूल जाने बिना लाइसेंस के क्योंकि माँ बाप के ऊपर सामाजिक प्रेशर है की हमें अपना और अपने बचे का स्टेटस को ऊपर रखना है ! इसलिए लोग कुछ भी करने को तैयार है लोग बिना अपने इनकम बढ़ाये अपना खर्च बढ़ा लेते है ! 
1 0 All dependants of defence personnel who lost their lives for our country should be given at least amt of Rs. 51 lakhs with jobs to their kins, free education with financial assistance to their children. Starting from the year 2016 the facility should be extended to all those who were martyred for the country in earlier years. 2.       99% of Indians not aware of accounts details for donation to martyred defence personnel . Accounts details should be published in newspapers/TV/govt bills etc. 
0 0 Dear PM,India belongs to a way long traditions and cultures but always said to be land of extremes.Many people here are always following blind faith ex.Devdaasis(small girls) dedicated to goddess Yelamma who later join the occupation of prostitution.We have to raise a voice for controlling this types of extremes.And also at least show some respect towards third genders and child labours. 
0 0 Dear sir, So many topics we are hearing form MANn ki Baat...As a Farmer's son i don't know when will be ride car...but the way the price has been up and up..we are nowhere now-a-days..In odisha farmers are living in bad condition...the Peddy price is not up to mark..due to weather condition now a days the cultivation not up to mark...sir how we live...what to do furhter in our live...in this regards pls discuss...jai hind 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, मन की बात में मेरा सुझाव यह है की सभी लोग इस दिपावली पर देश में सैनिकों की शहादत पर अपने घर में एक दीपक जरूर लगाऐं। जय हिन्द 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी प्राइवेट स्कूल सिर्फ पैसे कमाने के अड्डे बन गए है ! इन प्राइवेट स्कूल में लगाम कैसी कसी जाये शिक्षा का स्तर भी इतना अच्छा नहीं फीस हज़ारो में फिर हर प्राइवेट स्कूल में अलग अलग लेखको की किताबे टीचर कहते है की अगर + २ मैथ है या अर्थ शास्त्र तो बचे को कम से दोनों विसय की किताब ३-४ लेखको की चाहिए यानिकि  एक विसय की २-३ किताब कीमत १ किताब ६०० से कम  नहीं होती ऐसे में आम आदमी अछि शिक्षा कैसे दे ! कहाँ से हम अपने बचे को अछि शिक्षा दे ! सरकारी स्कूल की दशा क्या है आप जानते है ! प्राइवेट म 
0 0 Namashar sir apne pure desh bhar se jawano  ke liye  diwali par massage kar unhe badhai dene ko kaha h. Apki ish appeal ko dil se thanks. Mai ek ghatana ka jikra karna chahati hu jo humare desh ke jawano se related h, 
0 0 Dear Sir, Honking is a very critical issue now a days, many road-rage happening due to honking , Most effective persons are our Child and senior citizen. If you say something defenetly our youngsters will think over hoking , there is need some strict rules for manufacturer of Horns as well as very vehicle should have per day limit of make noise of their horns 
0 0 Performance Criteria for Government Employees ! 
0 0 There are lot of age frauds in Sports in Country. Children who deserve get demotivated and Sports as a function itself has got parallazed. Sports and Education are the only ways to save youth and give them a direction. Khelengee nahi to khilengee nahi but Khel ko Khel rahne de Khilwad acha nahi 
0 0 Sir Aapko or purey desh ko mere or mere parivar ki trf se deepawali ki subh kamnae.Mai dua krta hu ki aapke netritav mei hm yu hi aage bdhte rhe. Sir mai chahta hu ki diwali k din local level pr raat mei alg alg prtoyogitae krwaii jae taki logo ki ruchi ptakho se ht kr achi jgah bne jaise ki khel prtiyogitae,quiz competition etc. Isse vaatavarn b dushit nhi hoga or kuch sikhne ko b milega. Namskar. 
0 0 Namaskar modi ji, I am a commom man living in delhi.   our country is facing the problem of garbage.  This problem is getting higher and higher as time passes. There should be a mechannism to protect this.  We should to take some steps ahead to utilize this garbage by generating electricity.  Lots of countries having the process for the same. Even there are contries who export garbage for conducting electricity. Jai hind jai bharat 
0 0 Dear Sir, One suggestion please . I am working in L&T Oman from last 6 year and I have seen in whole GGC countries they have very good system for renewal of car insurance and registration , In India : Car insurance and Registration are not linked up therefore you can renew your car registration without renewing of car insurance. However in GGC , car insurance and registration are linkup with each other,person cannot renew his car registration unless his car is insured Abul Kalam Sohar,Oman 
1 0 इतने दिनों में अब तक ऐसा कभी नही हुआ कि पता ही नही चल रहा है कौन सच्चा है, कौन झूठा है, सरकार के दावे सच्चे है या विपक्ष के इलजाम सच्चे ह, मीडिया हर खबर को ऐसे दिखाता है मानो जैसे हाहाकार मचा हो पूरी दुनिया में,टीवी के सामने थोडी सी देर बैठकर ऐसा लगता है मानों अगले ही पल प्रलय आने वाली है; पर जब बाहर निकल के देखते हैं तो दुनिया में सब ठीक दिखता है। मेरी आपसे विनती है कि आप इस पर अपना ध्यान दे और देश को और मुझ जैसे हजारो युवाओं को भटकाव से बचाये और इस अविश्वास के माहौल को खत्म करें... 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Beti Bachao Beti Padhao is very close to my heart. I do not have the good luck of having a daughter of my own but my heart cries for every girl child who is not given an opportunity to live her life. I have a lot of desire to work in this direction but I'm directionless. I hope you can shed some light on how many women like me can contribute to this noble cause. The initiative is excellent but it needs foot soldiers to become successful 
0 0 The Beti Bachao Beti Padhao movement is a revolutionary one. However it has to reach the grass root levels. The idea that a girl child is a burden needs to me removed for which public education is a must. If the government can film a series of short stories which cover the life story of successful women ( sports, business, academics, etc) and relay this as episodes on DD or any other private channel it will make a huge impact on the minds of people. stories of women from rural background. 
1 0 We doctors of government hospital in Chittorgarh district in rajasthan around 150 in no. took a decision on our association platform that we provide special attention to our working army personal ex-amry personal and their family and also family's of martyrs soldiers. We will give priority to them and not to stand in queue. We will provide free consultation at home This is to honour our real heroes of nation as we doctors influenced by their bravery seen in surgical strike against Pakistan. 
0 0 We are still imbibed in the principle of tax the tax payer. A new thinking needs to be brought in. Incentive the tax payer. He is the gold medalist. Help more people win medals. If not we are only making sure that the hardworking honest citizen stops his hard work or migrates outside of India. An example, is why is loans not given easily to an individual who has a high growth in his taxes. There is no evaluation for this and no incentive to pay higher tax. 
0 0 HON'BLE PM,I WOULD LIKE YOU TO SPEAK ON CURRENT POLITICIZATION OF TRIPLE TALAK IN THE COUNTRY THIS IS ABSOLUTELY WRONG AND SHOULD BE STOPPED AT ONCE. 
0 0 Sir plz do provide complete free education to any one son/daughter of farmer and soldier till they start earning self. I tweeted regarding this but no reply from ur side. Just forget it about all those govt school facility. They are both on who sacrificing their life just for our happiness. Kindly do this most needful. We will wait for Digital India but can't see the families of those great ppl in poverty. Plz think over it. Hope will get good response. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM,U work 18hrs daily,to do away this physical,mental tiredness,fatigue and to keep U always fresh,highly energetic,dynamic for taking excellent,bold &highest quality decisions irrespective of heavy workload,i want to connect U with the intangible HIGHEST COSMIC ENERGY GRID.Being so connected when U yourself experience benefits of this innovation,it will reach to all countrymen too.Which will not only brighten their houses alone but their lives itself-so innovatve gift on DIWALI,SURAJYA. 
0 0 Respected sir If you will fix target n time than only all indian will get their Adhar catd n Voter Id card within a stipulated time period . May b wuthin 31st Dec 2016. Till date my wife n daughter don't have their Adhad card. Secondly we r casting our vote by showing our Pan card but as date we don't have our Voter ID card. So many letters given from our side in different interval . Even the than CEC of India Bramha sir also given mail ti CEO,Odisha. But no result as on date. Thanks n Regards. 
0 0 Respected Sir Adhar card,Voter Id card z a minimum necesity of all Indian.  Officer's are thinking that their job z upto publishing of advertisement in news paper. Couple of day's back there r ad in so many news paper that , contact ur school Head master for Adhar card. But there z no information at school level. I would like to request you that kindly advise the Govt.people for Door to door service in city fof Adhar card n Voter ID card.Come n take information n click photo n issue. Regrads. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Here i want to express my feelings regarding the on going approval of GM Mustard to our country. Sir, I will try to bring the issue of our Farmers Suicide and their debt which cause these incidents in our country. By approving GM Mustard, we are only monopolizing our diverse Indian Agriculture and control of our farmers on natural seeds and their yield will get jeopardize.  So, I request you to do a inquiry and take public opinions/farmers opinion. #NOGMMustard #MannkiBaat 
0 0 Respected Prime minister, It's a very privilege to share some words with you. Our country is full of youth, but most of the people are getting diverted due to drugs, liquors and watching pornographic movies. With this most of the youth is getting diverted from their path and getting destroyed. I request you to share your thoughts and give your ideas to eradicate it. So that it will reach to larger audience. Thanking you in advance, Sai Kumar Haridas. 
2 0 1. Bring National Farmers' day 2. Unveil Olympic sports strategy for the year 2020 3. Curb food adultery in India 4. Bring in education reforms 5. Advertise Animation models to show traffic woes and accidents 6. National health insurance 7. Setting up science and maths research Labs naming after forgotten scientists 8. Storing energy reserves for at least 90 days in case of emergencies 
0 0 Dear PM PLZ PLZ PLZ talk about sound pollution ,uses of pressure horn specially in cities . it is a big problem in big cities. i don't know what should i do to stop this 
2 0 Dear sir, I have a suggestion that we should stop VIP system in our country I believe all should be treated the same..stop giving reservation by considering caste, religion and minority wise..consider only financial or personal disabilities for for concession.. 
1 0 Respected PM of India, As swachh bharat mission is going on, it is very important to maintain the cleanliness after the first deep cleaning is done. I have a suggestion that please make it compulsory for every business/shop owner and public transport especially buses to keep a dustbin near the entrance or outside. I have seen people throwing garbage on the streets/ in the market because they have no designated place to throw it. Keeping the dustbins will make it convenient for everybody. 
0 0 श्री मोदी जी कोल्कता पोर्ट ट्रस्ट के पास अत्यधिक सम्पदा जिसको जबरन भूमाफियाओ ने दखल कररखा है अगर उसे खाली कर मल्टी स्टोर्ड बाजार कारपार्किंग जैसे बहुत सारे ऑप्शन है,अगर इस पर विचार कर कार्य किया जाये तो सरकारी आय में इज़ाफ़ा होगा साथ साथ जन साधारण को भी लाभ होगा 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir I am from karnataka, raichur, sindhanur sir. here irrigation department is not good. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Vande Matram, Dear King Mr.Narendra Modi ji, I want to suggest that My Gov ought be provide jobs, right package (salary),facility and features to Indian Educated Students like Engineers, Doctors, Scientists, Inventioners and celebrities etc. Thank You Very Much Vinay Rathod, Dehri 
0 0 श्री मोदी जी जिस प्रकार सम्पूर्ण भारत में निजी अस्पतालों ने लूट मचा रखी है आप से निवेदन की बीमारी के समय डॉक्टरों द्वारा करवाई जाने वाली शारीरिक जाच का मूल्य सरकार निर्धारित करे जिससे गरीब इबकी लूट से बच सके पुरे भारत में निजी जाच करने वाले डॉक्टरों को एक मोटा कमीशन देते है जिसका भुगतान साधारण व्यक्ति करता हे कुछ करे 
0 0 As an engineer who prepares for ENGINEERING SERVICES exam their is a fear among people that the govtt is scrapping govtt jobs . Which have been substantiated with reduced govtt vacancies for graduates which is nt going among youth. Plz address the issue 
0 0 Dear PM, My thoughts regarding the education has to be equal to all. Means, the syllabus has to be same for all the students all over India. Apart from this, Sanskrit has to be must for all classes for all students. In history they should study about our ancestors, who's rulled us not by someone from another part of the world who came to India later on ruled us 
0 0 Every Indian, who portrays extraordinary determination, grit & conviction towards fighting against the odds in life, to become an example for the masses, is a soldier par excellence, more so if its a woman. We have seen tremendous amount of hype around the Beti Bachaao program. The program talks about Female Feticide & about education for the girl child. However, being able to take birth on this planet, alone cannot ensure the development of girl child. What follows after the birth is most IMP 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir , I have suggestions about Libraries and Reading Habits on account of Forth coming National Library Week 2016. The details are shared in attached  PDF fILE. Thanking You Sir Shiba Bhue K.V  Staff Colony AT/PO- INS Chilka Odisha 
0 0 Namethae modi ji, PM INDIA, I have given my suggestion in J&k issue in the file attached here. Hope u will take into consideration Sir. Thank u, J.Nandhini 
0 0 सबसे पहले में हम सबके आदर्श मोदी जी को प्रणाम करना चाहूंगा, माननीय मोदी जी आज के समय में स्वच्छता देश की सबसे बड़ी जरूरत है लेकिन हमारी सरकार की पुरजोर कोशिशों के बाद भी भारत में स्वच्छता अभियान सिर्फ सरकारी कार्यक्रम बनके रह गए हैं। हजारों संस्थाएं सिर्फ फोटोग्राफ्स के लिए अभियान चलाती हैं और वाहवाही लूटती हैं। लेकिन स्वच्छता के प्रति उनका योगदान फोटो कराने के अलावा तनिक भर भी नहीं हैं।..... #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
0 0 I want to state trains runs from North Eastern region of India to various corners of our country through touching the state Bihar, finds lots of problems. The passengers face troubles because in every station lots of people enters into the reservation coaches AC coaches without tickets. This is a daily fact. What is your opinion on this matter? Hope to get a suitable solution from your end sir. 
0 0 सबसे पहले में हम सबके आदर्श मोदी जी को प्रणाम करना चाहूंगा, माननीय मोदी जी आज के समय में स्वच्छता देश की सबसे बड़ी जरूरत है लेकिन हमारी सरकार की पुरजोर कोशिशों के बाद भी भारत में स्वच्छता अभियान सिर्फ सरकारी कार्यक्रम बनके रह गए हैं। हजारों संस्थाएं सिर्फ फोटोग्राफ्स के लिए अभियान चलाती हैं और वाहवाही लूटती हैं। लेकिन स्वच्छता के प्रति उनका योगदान फोटो कराने के अलावा तनिक भर भी नहीं हैं। मगर भारत में सरकार के साथ-साथ कई ऐसी संस्थाएं भी हैं जो वास्तविक स्वच्छता अभियान चलाकर लोगों को जागरूक कर रही 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, I have one suggestion about improvement of digital locker. The complete details i shared in PDF file. Thanking you sir, Bhima Chaitanya Kumar Durgi , Andhra Pradesh 
2 0 Respected Sir, Dear King of The Nation, I want to say that Computer Education ought to be compulsory in all syllabus like CBSE/NCERT/MP BOARD Schools and colleges, than automatically India will be "DIGITAL INDIA". 
0 0 Sir, Can touch on 'Enders (Parents) safety and care'? People may change their perspective if you asked everyone to take care of their parents and elders at home and society. Jai hind sir. 
0 0 To promote research in the country we (the teaching fraternity) wish that the ban from using animals (which are not endangered) for research and dissections should be removed as already proposed by the environment ministry’s Committee for the Purpose of Control and Supervision of Experiments on Animals (CPCSEA) This will help young mind to find new drugs in India itself and we could patent them and provide low cost drugs in India itself #MyGov 
0 0 Sir... I want special cast certificate indicating my cast as a Hindustani....and my all concerns about it were included in following pdf i'm sending with this... I already added governs two times before about same thing it get replied as general comment but i want you to take it serious issue.... 
0 0 i registred 4 complain and all are closed without taking consent from me. 1. MPANG/E/2016/03128, 1.8.16 2. DSEHE/E/2016/05731, 16.6.16 3. GOVUP/E/2016/02769, 16.6.16 4. PMOPG/E/2015/0000713 Closing date 31.8.15 i do not know why these complains are closed. these are closed without my consent and proper resolution. If this system is following for resolution then i think grievance system is meaning less. 
0 0 Sir Shetakaryvishyi bola.tynchy soyabin ani kapashi chy bhavabadal bola shetakaryne yanda paus changala zalymule pik changale ghetale ahe fakt garaj she tychy shetmalala bhav denychi khamgaon telhara akot market madhe soysbin la fakt 2250 te 2700 asa bhav ahe.10 divasapurvu vypari kapashi gavat 3000 te 3500 rupayala vikat ghet ahet.jar shetakarychy malala bhav milala tar tychi diwali anandane sajari hoil.sarkari kapus kharedi kendra ajunparynt suru zale nahit.tyna suru karun shetakarychy lakho s 
1 0 Sir, i would like to say that e governance will be a tremendous idea to remove corruption from the root level. So i would like to propose that even PANCHAYATS and Nagar Nigam should also be under e governance and there should be a provision to complaint about these structures. 
1 0 Hi , Am sending this comment with the hope you will definitely look in to my attachment. Thanks, Pavithra P 
0 0 Happy Diwali to all Soldiers because of you people only Indians can celebrate Diwali. We are proud of you and we are always with you.We salute your sacrifice. 
0 0 Namaskar Sir, Our gov is doing excellent job but I have request from your gov that please make a online portal from where we can deposit premium of SSA(Sukanya Samridhi Account) scheme of our girl child. Thank you Sir 
0 0 dear sir, hamare solder hamare desh ki jaan hai aur unka khayal rakhna hamar kartavy hai to sir meri aapse yahi gujarish hai ki solder ko chhutti me jane ke liye train ka reservation kota hona chahiye main jb train se safar kr rha tha tb mere hi coach me ek army men v the jinke pass baithne ki v seat nhi thi tb maine apna seat unke sath share kiya. 
0 0 Respected Sir, thanks 4 opportunity! I would really appreciate if you call upon the Indian to develop their emotional intelligence and rational critical thinking. There are many issues that can easily be solved if we have these attributes under our cap. I STRONGLY believe that if you hail us on this issue, it will become a national movement since people will try to understand what our Prime Minister is talking about and how it will impact our life. Thanks for hearing from us, Bhupendra IITD 
0 0 Dear Sir, no one understands common man problems without to be a common man. Take an shared auto from kapashera border to Gurgaon bus adda, then you can understand. It's my request to hire some civilian and take there true feedback's of doing whole day struggle of a common man, from going office to taking bus metro, in market, at railways station during festival and all other things happen in a common man life. 
0 0 Respected Sir, caste based Reservations system have become a big challenge india's progress. To overcome this system, we should do the following : 1. Provide educational,social and monetary incentives and facilities to economically backward caste/community at the education level (upto graduation level). 2. after that they will become more competitive when they come out fro college. 3. Remove asking caste/Religion in all types of forms. 4. remove article 370 for better development of J&K. 
0 0 Respected PM ,first I convey my Deepavali vazhalthukal. As my suggestion would, like all nations is watching us, as we grow as a signature policy of this Government , 1.Nationalise all the water bodies combine the water resources, to set right, scarcity, drought, flood etc,  2. Many cases pending in various court in our country, though the judiciary gives  timebound judgements to various Dept's, to execute the orders in time why cannot the judiciary may be fixed a timelimit to dispose a case 
0 0 Respected sir, With all due respect i would like to draw your attention on liquor ban in Gujarat. Though it's enforced in the Gujarat almost 50 years back, still it's easily available and even a 14 year old kid can easily access it.I have grownup in a small town in the Gujarat and well aware of the situation there.If a 14 years kid knows the place where he can get the liquor i am sure the enforcement responsible must be aware of that. #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio Thanks Milap 
0 0 Dear PM Kindly making inclusive new educational policy why not establish Govt entrance coaching (GATE, IEE ,NEET...........) centers in rural area? your skill development programme is good scheme but do you know it executed properly? no it does not executed properly all is doing for monetary benefits please reform it. 
1 0 Dear sir JAY HIND I want to talk about our country's growing population. Now we are near about 130 Cr and it increases galloping way. But our government does not take any type of steps to control the population.This vast amount population is burden of country's growth and GDP....Sir please take such steps to control our growing population rate..otherwise our country will topped at he  category of population in next few years....happy DIWALI Sir..pronam 
0 0 Is Diwali ek Deepak Amar jawano ke nam. Jai hind jai bharat. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, मन की बात में मेरा सुझाव यह है की लोग इस दिपावली पर पटाखों का उपयोग कम करें ताकि हम इससे निकलने वाले हानिकारक धुऐं से हम आसमान में रहने वाले पक्षीयों को तो बचा ही सकते है निश्चित ही यह पक्षीयों के लिये वरदान साबित होगा और इसके साथ ही हम प्रदूषण को भी कम कर सकते हैं ।और इसके साथ ही हम इन दूरूपयोग रूपयों का उपयोग किसी अनाथ बच्चे या वृद्ध आश्रम में उपयोग करें और इस दीवाली पर हम एक वृक्ष लगाने का संकल्प तो ले सकते हैं। दीवाली की अनंत शुभकामनाऐं के साथ यह संकल्प 
0 0 Dear Sir, Under your leadership our country is steady moving in right direction.Kindly focus more on Education and Health sector. These sectors though come in state and concurrent list but your able leadership can bring required reforms here also. Thanks 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, the medical treatment provided to the poor is not adequate in Kerala, leaving ample opportunity for the private hospitals to loot them. The doctors are promoting private labs and hospitals. Equipping the hospitals with sufficient facilities and staff on reasonable charges to APL people and free for BPL people may kindly be considered. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Wishing you a Happy Diwali in advance.  Sir, in the honour/respect of our Great Soldiers and to motivate other citizens of our country towards nationalism, it would be better if appeal be made to sung any Our National Patriotic  song in the begining/end of each musical / social function organized by the our fellow citizen. Without which no permission be granted to organize function in public place. With kind regards Jai Hind J.S. Pandey 
0 0 Sir happy Diwali, I just wants to know what is your take on education policy as we know what in our country is facing unemployment problem which child extensive privatization of education.in our own Maharashtra near about 60 thousand 
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, I wish this Diwali you need to talk to the Educators of our country who represent the light in the true sense in Mann ki Baat. Bharat was a knowledge society in the past and it still is though we are not able to actualize our potential. Without bringing out a shift in our primary education we won't be able to transform the country into an inspired Nation. All the best and wish you Shubh Deepawali. 
0 0 Sir, Please make government officials responsible for infrastructure projects more accountable. For all the roads that are laid - within 6 months craters start developing. This is the tax payer's money at work. Why shouldn't the government officials be made accountable for such poor quality roads? Why should contractors not be deducted of their fees if they cant provide a minimum of 2 year's warranty/ guarantee on the roads that they lay? Please have a comprehensive policy for this. Regards 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Reservations to SC/ST/OBC have become a big challenge to General category people.Govt. should provide ample educational,social and monetary incentives and facilities to such categories instead of caste,community based reservations.I agree that it is most onerous task but then who else but you can set things right. 
0 0 इतिहास किसी भी देश और जाति के उत्‍थान की कुंजी है । किसी भी देश तथा समाज के उत्‍थान व पतन तथा वहाँ के ज्ञान-विज्ञान, कला-साहित्‍य, एवं संस्‍कृति का ज्ञान हमें इतिहास के द्वारा ही मिल सकता है । हमें अपने पूर्वजों के श्रेष्‍ठ कार्यों की जानकारी इतिहास के माध्‍यम से ही मिल सकती है । Raghu→   Ragh →Rag→ Ragar → Rahgar/Raghar → Rehgar/Reghar → Raigar → Raiger/Regar. pls gujarat government to cast certificate. last 45 year in gujarat shantilal soni. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Modi ji, I have a concern about reservation system in our country. The reservation system is quite complicated and cannot be removed easily. Because of this lot of communal clashes are taking place between reserved and non-reserved communities. I have a solution for this. Why don't you promote and implement the way of giving up reservation as you did in the case of gas subsidy? It will also benefit people in reserved community who are below poverty line. Thank you. Jai hind 
0 0 I want to talk about our Soldiers.You always say that you respect and value lives of our Soldiers but I think in reality they are not getting what they deserve.Why they have to fight for their Rights?they risk their lives,they spend atleast 20hrs in work,hardly sleep and can't give their time to their Families..Infact 7th pay commission was just an insult to them and Now this..?? http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/new-govt-order-reduces-military-st... 
1 0 Sir, being a doctor I would sincerely want to take steps in health care of our country. Please sir strengthen our health care systems. No in a good shape it is costing us lot of money and u know it. Sir I would also want to strengthen our education system like Singapore. They have transformed their country by focusing on giving high quality education and now we can see them. Please sir I want to see INDIA in top countries but for that education and health system needs to be in order.🙏 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सादर प्रणाम यहाँ मैं शिकायत नहीं वरन अपनी एवं मेरे जैसे कई युवाओं की, जो प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओं की तैयारी कर रहे हैं, व्यथा व्यक्त कर रहा हूँ।गत कई माह से हम sbi की परीक्षा की तैयारी कर रहे थे और अंततः परिणाम आने पर अपने को असफल पाकर थोड़ा दुःख हुआ ।पर पीड़ा इस बात से हुई की उसी परीक्षा में कई ऐसे छात्रों का चयन हुआ जिनके मुझसे अत्यधिक कम अंक थे।यह देख कर निराशा कुछ ऐसे हुई की अब लग रहा है सामान्य वर्ग से होना एक अभिशाप बन गया है। 
0 0 Dear Sir, Jai Hind! Attached is my 'Mann ki Baat' Pranam Shashaanka Pandey 
0 0 We just returned from Kashi.We were shocked to see cows at every corner of Varanasi. As it is traffic is horrible and on top of that no one follows any rules. These cows can be hurt any moment by vehicles. The roads leading to the Dashashwamedh ghat should be made totally vehicle free, only for the aged and handicapped electric vehicles should ply. The hawkers will never move so people should at least be able to walk without being knocked down by bikes.People still take bath with soaps as no o 
0 0 Dear Sir, Jai Hind, Attached my 'Mann Ki Baat' Pranam Shashaanka Pandey 
0 0 Sir, Happy Diwali to you. celebrating diwali is the good wins over bad the time are changing celebrating diwali pose has changed we are using crackers which is very harm to our nature. Our India pleads to conservation of environment & nature so that we signed on COP Paris agreement on Oct 2 China crackers are available in the market which is very dangerous for our mother earth please convey this message to our fellow Indians #MannkiBaat #AIR #PMOnRadio 
0 0 Adarniye PradhanMantri je, Namaskar. Desh ajj viksit hone ko agarsar hai aur app jan sarkar ka pratinidhitiv kerte hue isse aage le jane mein jute hain, jiske liye sabhi ke aur se appko sadhuvaad. Is samay desh ke andhar aur bahar se khatra humper bana hua hai lakin hamare veer yodha usse nestanabud ker rahe hain, unka mein hath jor abhinandan aur charan vandana kerta hun. ITBP ke 55ve Sathapana Diwas per veron ke shan mein ek kavita yahan sanjha ker raha hun. Sadar Naman Dinesh Bassi 
0 0 sir, I dont know if this thing is to be shared on this forum or not, but I tried all the ways to reach you yet failed. Can you do something for our judiciary system ? My family will not have a Diwali this year as the only son of my parents is behind the bars from last 6 months in some fake case..we are not able to bring him out, all because of lack of investigation and lack of judicials in system. (the concern is on leaves, and the application can not be listed at any other bench). Please Help 
0 0 I would suggest to convince people to leave behind one bad habit on the occasion of Diwali and opt a new habit. e. g Bad habit could be smoking, not respecting fellow passengers, Not giving seats to fellow needy travelers. Good habits could be opting for Surrounding cleanliness mission, respecting women, children's, elderly people, Having sound proof and pollution free Diwali etc. If Mr. PM says convey this kind of message, am sure people will follow it and it will root some moral values 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, kindly talk about our own education system... The one which focussed on hard work.... Not the present one which thinks child needs to be cuddled only... The children today do not even know tables of 2 and 3.they cannot even read,Specially in govt skuls. Private skul k bacche sab pdh lete hai.. Kyu ki wahan school aaj bhi waise hi pdha rhe hai... Homework abi bhi utna hi diya jata hai.. Not like our govt. Sir i resigned from kvs bcoz of this. Shubham pathak 
0 0 Dear Sir, Thank you for bringing issues concerning the servicemen to the fore. After grant of OROP, inauguration of Shaurya Smarak, the initiative of sandesh2soldier is laudable. However, a lot needs to be done on issues concerning service condition of soldiers. Anomalies of CPC, grant of NFU, Equivalence with other Services are some of the issues which need to be addressed at the earliest as these are effecting the morale of soldiers. I suggest forming of a permanent Military Commission 
0 1 As I have seen to the best of my knowledge that Sir you are working day and night but your co Woking staff are lazy and corrupt so please wok a bet on that other wise you won't be in the next election because of them... 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji Lets take some serious step towards digital currency with digital literacy. If currency is a number why need a note for that.We can store it in our cellphone/cards etc. Physical currency free India is corruption free India. Jai Hind #MannkiBaat #MyGov #AIR #PMOnRadia 
0 0 Exsisting complicated processes in every sector are the biggest obstacle in our country. I think we should simply the processes in every sector by removing paper work with help of IT. Also there should be a way where the youth can participate in government not just on forums but people with knowledge should be given a chance to improve the processes in Government, I am ready to do it if given an opportunity.  #MannKiBaat, #MyGov, #AIR, #PMOnRadio 
0 0 Hi Dear Modi Sir! I have only one suggestion. We need to add meditation classes in schools, colleges and universities as well. We all know the benefits of meditation or Yoga. It develops the sensitivity and consciousness. If we have higher consciousness then rest works may be done very easily without any effort. If everyone in the country is taught meditation, we will eliminate violence within one generation.So please please do something for this. Thank you Regards, Dinesh 
0 0 Pradhani ji, Kripa karke pradushan se Bharath ko bachane ke liye ped ke poude lagane ke baare mein baat karein| jaise ki agar koi building ya ghar banane keliye  25 cent jagah khareedta hai toh vaha ghar ke saath 25 poude lagayen. 
1 0 Honourable Mr Prime Minister, I have put some thoughts and my experience in the attached file. I guess its just my "Mann Ki Baat". I am not sure if you would get a chance to read it but if you do, I will feel honoured. Regards, Debasish. 
0 0 SWATCH BHARAT FORMULA FOUND. #swatchbharat #MyGov #AIR #PMOnRadio 
0 0 There are some suggestions regarding the swacha bharat abhiyan which sir you should discuss on maan ki baat sir . Biggest fan of urs sir .best pm ever. jai hind and happy diwali sir. 
0 0 Modi sir I need a humble request from you it's about all the migrated students of India who face food problem compare to quality whatever is provided by hostels and PGs(paying guest) running as hostels but in the name of PG These students pays whatever owner told to pay but after all these owners don't provide quality food to students so please do something like these owners eats food with students in same mess at same time with one family member or if u have better idea I will be greatful. Thnx 
0 0 Dear Sir, you have taken so many crucial decision in national interest. You have curbed so many sources of corruption at national level. I want to bring one more corruption into your notice which is becoming a huge pain for people. That is in the name of ICUs in Hospitals. Family members become really helpless, if any patient goes into ICU/OT. What happens inside ICUs nobody can know. They are doing any operation or not, even patient is alive or not no body knows. If any death happens, people do 
0 0 Hello sir,this time while addressing the nation please do mention about not only armed force but also all those security forces who keep us safe from within the borders. please try to mention the sacrifice made by their families,who most of the time celebrate their festivals without them. When a soldier returns home that is itself a festival like scene at home. hope you would consider my suggestion worth mentioning,. Jai Hindi!!! 
0 0 happy diwali to indian army who risks their lives and died proudly for this country i salute them jai hind 
0 0 Saying "Happy Diwali"to army is a welcome initiative.I did it.But my mind says to do more.In fact after Uri Attack some spurious websites were asking for donations and I was about to fall in trap.From then, I began to think, Why not an Authentic Prime Minister's Fund fully dedicated to the Indian Soldiers where people can donate as per capability - May be a Rupee?Let the donation be like crowd funding with online credit facility.Its good if data analysis possible for finding donors category. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Now a days everyone is talking about GST Bill, that if it will come then India's GDP will increase. I am not a economist person but as a common citizen i know one thing taking Bill for every purchase will surely help India. So please encourage the citizens and tell them what is the importance of taking bill for every day to day purchase. You can only do this thing in a better way. Thank You. Regards, Nikunj Agarwal #MannKiBaat 
0 0 Dear Sir, Now a days everyone is talking about GST Bill, that if it will come then India's GDP will increase. I am not a economist person but as a common citizen i know one thing taking Bill for every purchase will surely help India. So please encourage the citizens and tell them what is the importance of taking bill for every day to day purchase. You can only do this thing in a better way. Thank You. Regards, Nikunj Agarwal 
0 0 Respected Sir i would like to add my views on swatch  Bharat abhiyan. Sir, i am seeing and feeling that awareness about cleanliness has increased very significantly across the country by the steps taken by you and people are contributing as much as they could. but just want to highlight one point that is still a part of our municipal corporations are not able to provide proper collection, segregation and disposal of wastes and garbage. if it is improved surely India will be cleaner & greener. 
0 0 Greetings Sir, Diwali is round the clock and as usual poor potters who make make Diya and other items of decorations for Diwali are gonna return empty handed because people tendency to buy OTHER products. So it will be really good if people start considering buying these goods too. And second is the amount of pollution caused by crackers. If everyone would just try to reduce the crackers they burn then it would definitely bring change. 
0 0 Through Community Policing for the Swatch Bharat Abhiyan, People will be made responsible for ensuring cleanliness at public places. This will also give them sense of ownership for public places/property. If public develop sense of ownership for the public property then they will definetely start keeping it clean and will start monitoring that it is not uncleaned by anyone. Community Policing could serve the purpose for the success of Swatch Bharat Abhiyan. Thanks 
0 0 Resppected Sir, I like to Congratulate u for the kind of hard work u r doing for us. We are actually very proud to have u as our Prime Minister. My suggestion is regarding the Swach Bharat Abhiyan. People throw waste on roads and public places.There is need to sensitize public that public property is for public therefore it is their duty to protect & make the it clean and if someone make it dirty,people should monitor it through Community policing.This willcreate sense ofOwnership among ppl 
0 0 Jai Hind Pradhan mantri ji 
0 0 Everyone should understand their responsibility to words social works doctor should give at least 1 hours to poor people on daily basis and school should also. Business man should organize training programs in their areas so it will be good for nations. Government officers should also come on ground reality and support to the people of India. Government hospital staff should only need to shoft spoken. The innocent people wants this only. 
0 0 Respected PM I have an idea for those people of India who they have saficent income, they should use 10% of their incomes in social activities in their area only. Like their village, Mohallah,city from himself do not give money to anyone if no lights on social places they can put street lights and also they can use that money to make mobile toilets and many more thing to do. And this will helps in nation building. 
0 0 Happy Diwali my all great indian army soldiers, apko or Apke pariwar walo ko meri taraf se Diwali li dher sari shubhkamnaye happy Diwali....... 
2 0 Sir poor people are facing a lot of problems in hospitals,recently we saw what happened in orissa duw to absence of ambulance.Please do something for them,or else they will keep on suffering like this.. 
0 0 To Increase the green cover in a considerably less period , it is highly recommended that we create dense forests . the miyawaki method of tree plantation helps us create a 100 year old forest in 10 years. I highly recommend using this method 
0 0 Sir, 11 November marked as Remembrance Day around the world to remember the members of their armed forces who have died in the line of duty is sadly not marked in India despite many Indians showing great valour in both world wars. I request you to make the use of this opportunity and call upon fellow Indians to mark a moment of silence on 11 November at 11:00 a.m. I would also request you to carry out commemoration programmes on 11 November across India. 
0 0 Dear Reader My concern is for farmers of India who struggle a lot due to the continuous hard work they do,to decrease that we can take the following steps- 1.Out of all the farmers very few have tractors and other machines. 2.The districts of India,where most of the people are farmers should have a department/office where we can have all the important machines. 3.Farmer who wants any kind of work to be done in his field can approach to the office. There are more steps but word limit is less 
0 0 PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE . 
0 0 Hello sir As u say say that rozgar dene wale bano and ur initiatives for this is commendable. Sir jaisa aap kehte ho india ek krishi pradhan desh HAI to kya aapko nai lagta ki agriculture ko badhva dene ke liye, aur har gareeb ko 3 wakt ki roti mile eo bhi pet bhar agriculuture ko goverment sector mai laaye jisse hume naukari ke naye avsar milenge aur hamare har gareeb ko roti..  Kyuki issue rozgar to milenge hi hamere yuva mitri ko magar hamara desh bhi falega fulega .. 
0 0 PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE . 
0 0 PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE . 
0 0 PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE .PLZ READ MY PDF FILE . 
0 0 Respected the great INDIA PM Sir, Maan ki baat mera suggestion EDUCATION pr ha sir. I THINK MIDD DAY MEAL KO BAND KAR DENA CHAHIYE...ISSKE BADLE 1.RURAL AREA ME LIGHT KI BADI DIKKAT HA AGAR BACHOO KO SOLLER LIGHT DI JAYE JISSE PADHNE MEIN MADDAD MILE 2.SCHOOL BUILDING DEVLOPMENT HO 3.SCHOOL MEIN COMPUTER HO ORR BHI BAHOT SE KAAM HAI JO AAP JI BAKHUBI JANTE HO SIR. PAHELE MAA PUCHTI THI BETA AAJ KYA PADHAYA HAI.. PR AAJ MAA PUCHTI HAI BETA AAJ KYA BANAYA HAI... SOO PLS. 
0 0 Dear PM sir, I need to draw your attention to a problem which is very new.As we can see that number of candidates that filled this year SSC CGL exam was 38 lakhs . similarl situation you can see in UPSC ,state PSC,PSUs and many other exam.if we add all candidates it may go to more than 1crores.Only few thousand get selected.The problem here is these are skilled youth.many of them waste time for years and they go back depressed . feeling failed in life.Please say your views or something on this 
1 0 प्रिय प्रधानमन्त्री जी, LPG गैस के कई ग्राहक अपना शहर छोडकर दुसरे शहरों में रहते हैं,वहां उन्हें उस शहर का कूपन बुक ना होने के चलते ब्लैक में सिलिंडर लेना पड़ता है,कूपन बुक को एक शहर से दुसरे शहर में स्थानांतरित करने की प्रक्रिया जटिल है और इसमें सिक्यूरिटी और सिलिंडर दोनों जमा करके फिर दुबारा दुसरे शहर में कागजी प्रकिया और शपथ पत्र के साथ शुरू  होता है,,कृपया इस प्रक्रिया को सरल बनाएं जिससे कालाबाजारी और भ्रस्टाचार दोनों खत्म हो. 
0 0 Sir please see if a great wall can set up at northwestern border of India like the historical China Wall  for not only our country from outsiders' attack but also to save many many soldiers' life. 
1 0 Dear PM sir you are roll model of every Indian.It is my humbal request to you that in your popular program man ki baat next episode please ask the people to celebrate safe and green diwali by avoiding crackers. We have to safe our environment.diwali doesn't means that fire crackers and pollute our environment. It means to spread light and joy everywhere. I hope when you will you ask people don't use crackers in diwali they will defiantly listen.thanku very much.& wish you happy diwali. 
0 0 Sir, there is like competition between diseases in Delhi.Dengue and Chikungunya spread all over the territory and took many lives and when these diseases slowed down another with the name Bird Flu has rised.People are getting much affected .Cant we take a step like sri lanka which has eliminated malaria from its country . 
0 0 I want to make my country DIGITAL for our nation. Because we can ... 1) Generate more than 10 lac jobs for our youth without any industry. 2) Resist terrorist & antisocial activities in our country. 3) Help our security system on border area. 4) Get a very useful digital platform for 125 crores Indian and many more by the project. But it is impossible without your participation. Only India Govt. can carry the project. So please give me a chance to meet you for our nation. Thanks. 
0 0 Happy Diwali my all great indian army soldiers,  apko or Apke pariwar walo ko meri taraf se Diwali li dher sari shubhkamnaye happy Diwali....... 
1 0 PM Sir, During Diwali, we are hearing a lot about Sweets made of unhealthy or even from milk made from urea/washing powder etc. These sweets are a kind of poison for our and our children's health. Please look into this matter and request you to say a few words on it on Mann ki Baat. #PMOnRadio 
1 0 Dear Sir, Nowdays mobile usage is everywhere. It has become a part our daily work. And our mobile number is connected/linked to various financial transactions. Ex: ATM withdrawals, Bank OTP confirmation...etc. So it is very important to secure these transactions. Recent incident many bank debit card details has been hacked. So my suggestion is to make strict policies towards financial transactions, implementing bio metric system while ATM withdrawal, instead of Mobile OTP is the best option. 
0 0 pradhan muntri ji appko diwli ki subhkamnye  desh se nasha hattne me humari madad kare log sarab pan beedi sigrate khaker tarah tarah ki beemario ka shikar ho rahe .accident me mer rahe gher me kam anne vala paisa sarab ki dukan me jatta hai gher me mar peet kalah bachho ko mently soced .12class ke bachhe pub jaa rahe hai .barabanki me jitne school nahi hai  utna theka modlle shop hai . mun ki batt dwara nasha na kerne ki salah de toote gher ko jod de bachho ke muh ka nivala bachha de .fees ka 
0 0 some lines Dedicate for our brave heart. तुम जीत की दीवाली मनाना ,मैं खून की होली खेल दूँगा ; तुम गर्व से सिर ऊपर रखना,मैं दुश्मन की गोली झेल दूँगा तुम चैन की नींद सोना,मैं अपनी  कुर्बानी की दास्तां लिख दूँगा ; तुम ख्याली पुलाव पकाना,मैं ख्यालों को हकीकत की सीख दूँगा !! मैं आतंक में ख़ंज़र घोंप दूँगा, तुम मेरी जीत का जश्न मना लेना ; मैं शरहदो पर शहादत दूँगा ,तुम फौलादी खून में चिंगारी जगा देना !! जांबाज़ो को नमन !!! #Raj 
2 0 sanik bhaio ke liye jitna kiya jay kum hai  mai bhi ek sanik ki patni hoo pati ke sath sath sabhi gher valle apne bete ke sahadt per gerv kerte hai desh ke liye ek nahi hajar beta kurban kerne ke liye tayar rahte hai .diwali per mun ki batt me housla apjai ke sath sath unhe one rank one pention ka toffa de .  our is bar sanik ki patniyo se batt kare .archana .nousanik  ki patni jo ritair hai .modi is diwli ka tofa hum sanik patniyo ke liye 
3 0 Sir, This is my humble request to make it mandatory to people to not to burn any waste on sides by the road or anywhere. 
1 0 If it is possible to attach some RO water filter at the railway stations all over India, people would have not bye bottled water atRs20/liter.Though maintenance cost will increase;there may some donation box be attach and Indian people being generous may offer 1,2,5 or 10 Rs in it in free mind that would be helpful for govt.It also reduce plastic use.So think it Sir please for free water supply in every cities. 
1 0 Respected Prime Minister govt.of India , new delhi hobble prime minister first of a very happy diwali to you,its a matter of pleasure that i have heard your speech  from banaras today,and i was too impressed with this and taken decision to help our army by contributing  Rs. one thousand (1000) from my monthly pension for the life time till my death..brijbhushan chaturvedi (ret. principal )Indore m.p. 
0 0 #MannKiBaat Honourable Prime Minister Happy Dipawali to you and fellow citizens sir. Sir, kindly convey a message to fellow citizens about Army Welfare Fund For Battle Casulties because in social media one post is being circulated which says this account is fake. One print Media has also published NEWS telling account a fake account. I talked to syndicate bank to find out its genuineness, they said it's 100% genuine. Whole mess has created enough confusion among citizens. 
0 0 "Mann Ki Baat" Honourable Prime Minister Happy Dipawali to you and fellow citizens sir. Sir, kindly convey a message to fellow citizens about Army Welfare Fund For Battle Casulties because in social media one post is being circulated which says this account is fake. One print Media has also published NEWS telling account a fake account. I talked to syndicate bank to find out its genuineness, they said it's 100% genuine. Whole mess has created enough confusion among citizens. 
0 0 Road accidents is a major cause of deaths and disabilities in India. Our youth are the most affected and we lose hunderds of lives in their prime. I would like to suggest that we introduce 3-4 hours of annual mandatory road safety curriculum right from high school to graduation. 4-6 years of regular exposure to road safety will go a long way in changing the road safety culture among youth. I am ready to help with such an initiative. 
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister of India, I am being a Convener of all the farmers of Irrigation, It is my humble request to look into the case of the Water users which the file have been attached herewith. Today all the farmers are ready to construct the canals by themselves on the reason that the department of Irrigation and Flood Control have misused the AIBP MI projects funds. Several projects were verified and found unconstructed and fraud. with regards, Tsukjemtiba Ao, Nagaland. 
0 0 Jai Hind mere sabih desh wasiyo ko or mere desh ki raksha kerne waale har ek sainik ko koti koti pranaam.Mere or mere pariwar/dosto ki taraf se aap sabhi ko Deepawali ki haardik badhaiya :) 
0 0 Soldiers keep us safe and  sacrifice many things which we cannot imagine, hats off to them.i want to thank all the soliders from my heart and i feel proud for all soldiers. 
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL MY LOVE INDIAN SOLDIERS 
0 0 Respected PM ji, jai jawan kosh is once again reverberating  in air by your call. But you have to give attention to Jai kishan kosh also. Farmers issues are  to be  resolved and the MSP of their produce must be fixed to an amount of half of the retail selling price to consumers.  Govt vision and mission should move from cities to villages. Inequality existing between farming community and salaried group should be minimised. 
1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat october 2016, I want to suggest that, hon. PM has appeal to people to send the message to soldiers on Dipawali occassion is the great concept, it will increase the moral of our army, it will help them to create more power to fight against the enemy of the nation, I want to suggest that, Hon. PM , if also appeal to the  people in Mann Ki Baat, it will be more encourage the people to send the message to the army who sacrifice their life and time for safety of nation,thks 
1 0 Respected Sir, There are various meetings that have concluded regarding climate change, which is accompanied by  the ratification of Paris Agreement by the Government of India on Gandhi Jayanti, and recent meeting in Rwanda regarding the HFCs. There is very little awareness among people regarding these climate change talks and the position of India regarding this. In my view this month discussion should focus on the Paris Summit and the Montreal Protocol discussion held recently. Thanks 
0 0 respected Modi sir, im always ready to find honesty  and patriotism in our society,and its very less as compared to our population.sir my humbly request is to you that,please give more respect to our Indian army,there is nothing more that these.Respect means more than GOD thats it. 
0 0 Sir, It is requested by the PM to pass a GO to remove  the employees who are outsourced to Govt Dept because all the outsourced employees are working the same as regular employees without any benefits and salary in time.Due to outsourced employees the Govt organisations is running successfully but the regular employees are treating and using them as daily labour .Sir it is kindly requested to pass a GO to remove or to make them regular with a consolidated scale rather than providing benifts. 
0 0 If something is going wrong with the majority in a state but Union is a distant spectator and silent. Is it fair ? and Is there any solution to the misery in the greatest democracy?. 
0 0 Sir ,The Andhra Pradesh registration and stamps department there are various fake registrations going on sir.kindly it is requested to initiate the new software where the fraud registrations online should be stopped.the registrar's should come to view that the survey no and the previous parties who had registered then only the the documents should be registered. 
0 0 bharath mathaki jai...wish you all and Indian army a happy diwali. நமது நாட்டை பாதுகாக்கும்,ரானுவ வீர,வீராங்கனைகளுகு தெறிவித்து..வணங்குகிறேன்..ஜெய்கிந் 
0 0 Dear Mr. PM I am an undergraduate mining engineering student from Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines), Dhanbad. I want to tell you that in this Mann ki baat, please talk about reservation. I want that the reservation should not be on the cast basis. It should be on the basis of economic condition of a family. In IIT's the student got admitted by using reservation and then they got jobs in PSU's again by reservation. Sir, this is affecting our economy so badly. Thank You 
1 0 Bharat Mata Ki Jai...........Kabhi thand me thittur k dekh lena , Kabhi tapti dhoop me jal k dekh lena , kaise hoti hai hifazat mulk ki , Kabhi sarhad par chal k dekh lena , Kabhi sanam ko chod k dekh lena , Kabhi sahido ko yaad karke dekh lena , Koi mehboob nahi hai watan jaisa yaaro , Kabhi meri tarah desh se ishq karke dekh lena............~ 
0 0 bharath mathaki jai sir we proved to being indians because of the legends like DrAPJ abdhul kalam,INDIAN ARMY,and modi ji be indians and leave for country irrespective of being selfish. desh ki raksha our development hi hamari respect to our nation MAINLY THOSE BHAYA'S WHO give THERE LIFE'S TO SAVE AND PROTECT THE NATION...RESPECT AND THERE SOUL R.I.P...AMAR RAHEY BHAI.. 
0 0 i think , pm persuaded every person of india, to make something (small or big things) by learning skills.....dont waste time..this is good for our gdp... 
0 0 Sir, Saffron is among the most expensive spice and also considered as "Red Gold".Kashmir is the only state where This "gold" can be grown. It is of strategic importance. Saffron is a labor-intensive crop which needs the flimsy crimson red strands to be plucked laboriously by hand. I would like to ask my government to motivate the production which will on one hand increase the income and on other hand give mass employment in our beloved Kashmir. Thanks. 
2 0 Namashkar Sir, To make swatch Bharat Abhiyan successful i request you to address  people who spit on the road while eating "Paan". Sir people unconsciously spit because no one has ever stopped them. I request you to atleast introduce this issue so that people start realising what wrong they are doing with such sensitive issue of cleanliness. Thank you 
0 0 uniform civil code ko kisi majhab se na jodker, usko humanright of people of every religion se jodna jaruri hai..ye sbhi dharmo ko smjhane ki responsibilty govt. ki hai....chahe bo sarkar ko jese bhi krna pade...kuch logo ke karan sbko adhikaro se banchit nhi kr skte... 
0 0 I woulld like to speak thanks to all my younger and older brother who stand on Border for protect our .Really you are the great hero of world. And my Dear sir(Narendra Modi)you are the super hero of India please do work regular for future of India .Happy Diwali to all of u. 
0 0 i think..jese police,ambulance,aur women security  ke liye 100,102,1089 no hain,wese hi kisi najdiki media personal ko call krne liye no. ho... 
0 0 Sir, My point is that Seventh Pay Commission recommendations have been worst in the last 17 years.  The people are unhappy with the increase in salaries and pension recommended by the commission because the government has failed to rein in inflation.People are unhappy and dissatisfied, especially those working in lower levels in the government because inflation has gone up. The price rise has kept the benefits of pay commission from reaching people. We will wait for next 10 years. Thankyou sir. 
0 0 Sir You are the true leader of this country Shri Narendra Modi Ji we(youth) of this country inspire alot from your speeches which addresses nation as one .Media should be controlled by government if any one shows false news they should be punished seriously .All government sectors should be digitalized to save time and to avoid corruption 
0 0 Respected Sir, Old days,Film industry was considered a medium to communicate good thoughts & actions to all people who are biased and inspired with beliefs that provoke new ideas & hidden awareness. Today it communicate violence,hatred,sex crimes etc. Also are released based on democratic human rights providing Certificate- A. Lot of promoters are pumping black money,which increase corruption and social crimes.Censor board should bought to judicial action upon  release of such 3rd grade films. 
1 0 We wish you all and Indian army a happy diwali. 
0 0 I Pray to God to give U Shanti, Shakti, Sampati, Swarup, Saiyam, Saadgi, Safalta, Samridhi, Sanskar, Swaasth, Sanmaan, Saraswati, aur SNEH. SHUBH DIWALI 
0 0 Dear sir, As we all know a nation is recongnised by its economic status, as india imports oil and defense products, my idea is .. 1- to minimize oil product , all the railway and metro tract shound be roofed with solar plates which is enough to run train 2- another example is sirdi mandir kitchen using  solar energy... 3-alternately air power and hydropower 4- we should develop laser technology and robotic weapon to help defense . I ve gr8 ideas to strengthen our economy will tell later 
0 0 Dear sir,as diwali is coming,the problem of adulteration in sweets and other food items is also increasing.So,please say something to create awareness among the people of this country. 
0 0 And Happy DIWALI sir 
0 0 Wish indian for DIWALI.CONGRATS army once again....and sir will u please explain the concept of startup yojna to youth bcoz there is lots of confusion regarding this yojana..thank u sir Modi sir pourd of u ...Jai Hind 
0 0 Address people for celebrating eco friendly Diwali Without using crackers 
0 0 So Ration cards should not be demanded as the documents, as now AADHAR & PAN cards are sufficient as documents Ration card should be optional to all 
0 0 Respected sir, many peoples of India are suffering from the critical diseases because of the less medical equipment. so i requested to you for doing some things. 
0 0 Dear Sir, health upset and Hospital expense have become common terms that are being used today. When any person has health upset immediately he thinks about hospital expense. As a normal person- We are being cheated in many hospitals by giving wrong info - which is causing issues. What do you think about this  ?Some approved/trust-able hospitals in cities can help ? 
0 0 Dear Sir, Lots of people have joined the campaign "Give It Up" & given up the LPG subsidy In Maharashtra, C M Devendraji Phadanvis has announced the same scheme for Ration Card holders But, in many, almost all cases related to the Govt, Ration card is the compulsory requirement as one of the document Most of the people are holding the Ration Card for the sake of this only, & not using for the subsidy. For such card holders, the subsidized material is being used in black market 