10 0 It's a good idea because it  can introduce the rich culture and history of India to our youth and school children.More and more advertisement is required for spreading awareness about it so that more and more people can be benefited from it. 
4 0 hi Garima, you said to be right in this context. But i think there is scope of new dimensions in the area. Like the public is never encouraged here in india for National movement. This kind of the efforts can only be successfull once a normal person is also aware about the many aspects of the ventures here. Most of the people even do not know till date that there are services of public forums run by Indian Govt. 
10 0 We are living in the age of videos and photographs enabling us to see, locate and register things, places, people in our minds. I think the webportal shall convey the same through high quality photos and interactive videos that will create an hands on experience for a web visitor. 
7 1 Guided tours can be designed based on different concepts like Chardham yatra. 12 jyotirlinga darshan. 51 devi shakti pithas. Jarimeri yatra. Makka haj yatra. Kailas manas yatra. School dedicated scientific tour for biology. Kids tour in yoga. south india parikrama. etc etc. Such tours can be made at cost basis too. Real tour xxxx cost virtual tour yyy cost. Documentories should be available for private screening too. Web streaming, re-directing tech for commercial benefit to be explored. 
2 0 Each down load or upload of file /data/information should have stamping of Trimurti as mark of GOI property. Allow public participation of sharing information as name mention as contributor against each name so that value of treasure can be increased. Should be consider as unique selling proposition for various section of ministries. Location maps of specialists of India should be available with contact numbers & modes to reach there fastest as maximum cost. 
3 0 It should not just talk about India but also ever changing relationship of India with rest of the world including status of india as one of the reaches country to down fall to up rising. It may result in origines of India including vedas & yoga. Various topics should connect to different sites of India & redirect various GOI departments or state govt departments. 
0 0 Like bharath ki khoj should be available in different forms including current state of affairs & future piping & mission statements. Audio visual effects to be made available for uploading as well as down of files to this site with possibilties of interactive session with call center to respective section of association. Each category or section to be connected some sales of good to be purchased on line which can be connected rural craft work from different parts of the country. 
4 0 To be achieved as treasure of India. Ancient to future all aspects to be covered with all possible aspects of initiation, growth, end of life. IP of data / information available here should be protected by GOI. Any copy & download should be having stamp of GOI as on any passport of any citizen of the country. DNA mapping of oldes centuries to be part of treasure. Demo tour to be made available to visitor as if real life visit to real venue. All religious growth & aspects of history 
10 0 I prefer a simplified version Filtration: By category selection By color By owner/designer By origin/Location By year/Age & full text search Design/Usability/Power: Responsive Mobile Friendly RTL supported Structured Data usage Multi Lingual SEO friendly Markup Clean Minimal Design Social Sharing Enabled RSS/jSO Feed or API Testimonial/Comments Visitor Diary Features: Museums Locator (with Map) Ticket and guide booking Audio and video support #MyGov 
3 0 While the portal provides opportunity to visit museums virtually, care should be taken it still creates and cultivates the eagerness to visit the museums in person, so that they ensure steady influx of visitors in the physical structure as well. This should include contests,coupons and passes being given to the online users. 
1 0 If any senior person is there to regard my views then its OK otherwise I'm feeling I'm waistig my time 
0 1 Its too tIPICAL TO USE 
0 0 No one is commenting on my idea 
2 0 In my opinion the portal should also include readable ancient manuscripts as well as certain historical texts of importance. They will help us know more about India's history via the Internet as such libraries holding these rare documents are not easily accessible. 
1 0 In my opinion the portal should be nice, simple and responsive in design for every device. Information and images should stream fast. It should be built indigenously by our talent and skill-pool. Even in remote villages where phone works, children should be able to see the exhibits and learn about our Great Nation. 
2 0 1. Use of technologies Oculus rift, Google Cardboard -which offers real museum experience through Virtual reality for the viewers to view museum from anywhere at any point of time in an inexpensive way 2. Allows viewers to add a spark to their photos, by visualizing themselves with museums artifacts like posing with a Kings sword, making them special and more original (eg.photofunia) 3.Multilinugal audio track which explains about the museum 4. Online purchase of artifacts special to the museum 
0 0 i feel that no govt authority  is taking care of our comments it is just like face book my three request not responded even my wifes email to crb as well as to minister of railways not replied. 
1 0 Virtual museum is a great idea and can help youngsters from disadvantaged sections to "visit" these museums without spending money. 
1 0 Museums are the best way to learn history. We dont have good museums in all our cities, and rarely any museums in rural area. Hence, to ensure that maximum people can experience museums, virtual museums are a must. 
0 0 VERY GOOD IDEA . 
2 0 #VirtualMuseums - High-Aesthetics,Simplicity,Easy-Navigation,Date wise significance,Optimized image/event-sequence/slide-show,Brief information(General),Detailed Information(Researchers and knowledge seekers),Video option on demand,Events Time-line(for students),Search with suggest,In English and Regional languages,Share option, Physical Museums with Location significance details and timings,Personal collection contribution with authenticity moderation,Optimized for networks/devices. 
0 0 Honorable sir, National portal should exhibit the feeling of commonness to make/keep India our country united. It must portray inclusive culture of India representing common history of all the sections of society and culture. Regards 
1 0 all museums connected through server  and intranet must contain the information related to every artefact of museum also it must record the visitors view and opinion about the reforms to be introduced in the museum management like addition of information in other languages and server information available at every section of museum. the virtual portal must also provide the visitors comments section. like wise developments will mainly benefit for the all round development of museum culture 
1 0 All the Museums of India are to be virtually connected with net and web-visitors can access the same. Various secured cameras to be placed at Museums wherever required. Through this, web-visitors will be in a position to view actual Museums. The record of every visitor is to be maintained ina view of security aspect. 
0 0 yes. It should be good for Virtual Museums, It wont be Popular or interesting to watch some things on Internet only. Children, Student will lack the proper visual and knowledge.There Should be a Set up of Digital Museum ( 3D, 7D or 10D Visualizations ) of the Documentary Informations,Documentary movies what we used to See in History Channel and Discovery Channel. 
1 0 Sir, 1. would it be possible for tie ups with foreign museums for virtual short term exhibitions on selected topics. 2. possibility of collaborating with private museums / art collectors to display in #NationalMuseum 3. seamless access to archives across states, especially with regard to manuscripts for research purposes which can be downloaded for a fee 4. Virtual 3D tour of art, ancient life style sections with animation and voice overs, which will be entertaining & informative for children. 
0 0 In The State of Mahrashtra the farmers are not getting Suitable MSP in respect of sugacane BILL .the farmers r getting very less prize than UPA GOVT LAST YEAR EVEN MILK COST IS ALSO DOWN FROM EARLIET COST THR FARMERS R NOT HAPPY WID THIS DECISION. 
1 0 Firstly the portal should start with listing all museums in India we dont have a central portal to list all the museums in India.., and a small description and few interesting photographs implementing this will increase /boost tourism a lot immediately later we can take up a big projects like virtual museums and it should be a paid service only some fee has to be collected if you want to login into virtual museums 
0 0 Farmers should be provided interest free loan up to one lakh and banks should provide free services for that. Once farmer pays again and again he will be provided loan. Other wise he/she will be noted as block list and further facilities of subsidies may be stopped or so like that farmer should be provided interest free loan and services should be born by Nationalized banks. Now a days Banks are with lot of profit due to Government support. So they are afford to provide free services to Former. 
1 0 #NationalMuseum We should develop a portal to create a virtual museum where to view the museum online. Under each museum there should be a discussion board on which discussions can be done and shared to social media to make it more interactive.Also users can donate few more details like documentary , images and content about the museums.Please review a video for more understanding: http://www.on24.com/products/virtual-trade-show-events/ 
1 0 #NationalMuseum We should develop a portal to create a virtual museum where to view the museum online. Under each museum there should be a discussion board on which discussions can be done and shared to social media to make it more interactive.Also users can donate few more details like documentary , images and content about the museums. 
0 0 Yes,it is a great idea..but it is quite a bit time taking...but i think government should go ahead make it a reality..we have such a vast culture and ancient things...but i think in this only antique articles and things should not be there but also the ancient scientific inventions and the information related and interesting stories should also be mentioned there..due to this..this will emerge as a very useful thing for students and antique lovers.... 
0 0 An online Museum portal is a good idea. A simple portal which archives and showcases the displays and artefacts in our many museums along with detail info. A quick and convenient way for museum browsing and knowledge gathering for interested public. Eg:- A person interested in visiting any National museum can visit the site and can browse the pictures and info-graphics of the displays in the museum; or even get an audio-visual experience of virtually visiting the Museum. 
0 0 The Idea is good, which gives us opportunity  to view  ancient properties, but I would like to make one suggestion. anything will be remembered better only when it is told with good story associated with it. Hence i suggest to keep some description of articles in this portal not just like "some xyz person used this hence it is famous". but it should be like what is it used for at that time, why it is extinct over the period and what is the new replacement for it in the current generation. 
0 0 ya its good idea but needs to be implement properly like where the museums should be settled in which states people are aware about our history. what is most most impt. about any place that must be known by every indian but they don't, it all be done after doing lot of surveys without any biasedness.only after that the purpose of this mission can fulfill because reality  of country comeout which is digged in from past many years. Indians becomes know about their culture 
0 0 For RTI information government should hide and secure the applicant information. It is very serious problem to get information. Many peoples pressurize   to the applicant, so he stops that matter. It will be in public fever.Please take serious.. ! 
0 0 शिक्षा व्यवस्था में आमूलचूल परिवर्तन की जरुरत है ये नकलचियों की बाढ़ देश को ख़त्म करने वाली है ,न बेहतर शिक्षक हैं न बेहतर व्यवस्था न ही ढंग का मूल ढांचा ऐसी व्यवस्था ढोकर क्या होगा ? 
0 0 अब ये वक़्त आ गया है कि जिन लोगों को देश की जनता ने नकार दिया उन्हें राज्य सभा में उदंडता दिखाने का अवसर न किया जाय उनके इस व्यवहार पर लगाम लगाई जाय ,जनता का मान सम्मान बरकरार रखने के लिए संवैधानिक संशोधन किया जाय। 
0 0 MY VIEW ON VIRTUAL MUSEUM IS GOOD.MUSEAM HAVE THE DEFICIENCY WHICH ELABERATE THE KINGS,EMPERORS AND RULERS AND IGNORE THE LIFE OF COMMON MAN .HOW THEY LIVED WHO REALLY INFLUENCED THEIR REAL LIFE.ALL MUSEAMS SHOULD SET UP FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF REAL MAN. 
0 0 It is a good idea but we need to work in tandem with museums that already has this feature, like the British Museum 
0 0 The Information and Knowledge in museums should be preserved and best way of preservation of information is sharing. 
0 0 Excellent Idea! 
1 0 "Virtual Museums of Indian national portal" idea is very interesting and helpful to all cityzens and NRI'S for they are update knowledge of historical places from through out india with this portal. I suggest few beollw ideas for develop national portal of Virtual Museum. 1) government pass message for collect historical data from all states for draw historical places from villages of states. 2) indian recocanized languages provison this portal for  reading our historical  people's to all 
1 0 Ramyatra and krishna yatra covering all places of Ram and krishna visits must be put together; also all ancient classical literature with Indian old scholars translation--not leftist--not from resident non-Indians( people who have no pride in Indianness.Support scientific endeavours based on ancient literature( not those who proclaim everything old is science) 
0 0 There should be an audit in reservation system. With out that how long it will be implemented. In coming days there may be a civil war or so. 
0 0 Income tax department should concentrate on business people more instead on government employees where several systems are there to check their income and deduct tax. 
0 0 Like TDS for employees there should be a system to tax on goods at manufacturing site only to avoid block market. There should be a strict monitoring system for block marketing. 
0 0 In Public Distribution System grains like Zowar, Ragi, Bazra may be added so that farmers will get encouragement to grow rabi crops and at the same time farmers may get support price also. By that people's health also may improve. 
2 0 good idea As the Virtual Museum will be great helpful for students undergoing studies / research where they will get their article clearly or which may enhanced concentration at minimal cost .Set all languages so that all can view and understand .Their we have to provide the online system so that he visitor can purchase /or sell their old antique .And online chat for query purpose .But rather that virtual physical museum will be good experience and for revenue generating 
1 0 Dear PM Please increase the age limit like 13-14 years in sukanya samridhi yojna. Please with regard. 
0 0 This is one Incredible Idea, please go ahead. Few pointers to the project. - Ensure security & cctv camera placement digitally removed for security reasons - Include history of each object on display, in audio with transcript - Ensure all Indian language support - Make English or foreign language audio & transcript chargable (like Rs. 50/- per 20mins). This will generate revenue. For Indian languages charge minimal or ask to make voluntary contribution - Ensure HD + lower resolution support 
0 0 Google has already implemented this and I think we should collaborate with them and bring our museums to the virtual world. https://www.google.com/maps/views/streetview/art-project?gl https://www.google.com/maps/views/view/streetview/art-project/art-galler... 
1 1 Prime Mister's idea of give up Gas subsidy encourages with an appreciation letter to the consumer may attract a lot many. 
0 0 #NationalMuseum, #VirtualMuseums, #MinistryofCulture, #MyGov Museum is shows like heritages of India. all idols, Forts Details in the Virtual Museums. and also the history about the fort year wise fort War details. and aslo shows the culture of the Indian. 
0 0 Its not only useful on Indians and also useful to other countries people who want to know the pride of India. By having Virtual Museums, its also advantage that people can look all the historical things in one place. It will be very useful to person who unable to travel much to view the pride of the nation which will be displayed in front of them in web. Virtual Museums will surely be milestones to Indian digital growth. 
1 0 In the museum of india we can purchase and sell gallery ,photos in  exhibition with the help of the website we can create seperate category like sell/buy  gallery photos 
0 0 museums main intention is to be able to take the viewer to the respective time period which he/she is viewing or studying about.It should be like sitting on a time machine and going back to the time period to know about the people and culture of india 
0 0 Wow Virtual Museums! 1) The exhibits should be clubbed as per subjects to make it easier to choose from 2) There should provision for public to upload rare exhibits. Which should be posted after vetting/selection 3) There should be footnote in English and most official regional languages 4) The viewing experience should be fast & rich with slide-show/zoom/change Icon size provisions 5) Provision for feedback/suggestions 5) Allow downloads & sharing in social networks 
0 0 Virtual museums must consider following ideas 1. All information should be available in one place with detailed explanation and video and audio footage in different languages by debbuing same material. 2. The audio and video must be fast streaming with better datacenter or partnering with any vendor. 3. Free version for students and paid version for working employees will help greatly. govt must hold copyright and earn from that. 4. Public must be allowed to discuss with historians with chat. 
0 0 They should be preserved because they valuable and are there from many years and they also attracts tourisr from the whole world 
0 0 virtual museum of india should enhances our power of ancient india amoung world,it should helps to protect our valuable  remembrances. 
0 0 म्‍यूजियम से संबंधित विचार 
0 0 MY COUNTRY INDIA OR BETTER BE CALLED BHARAT FROM THE ANCIENT INDUS VALLEY CIVILIZATION TO BRITISH PERIOD HAS A LARGE RESOURCES OF HISTORICAL EVIDENCES LIKE SCULPTURES, COINS PAINTING WEAPONS ETC WHICH ARE GENERALLY DISPLAYED FOR VIEWING IN MOST OF THE MUSEUMS ACROSS INDIA IF THERE COULD BE CREATE A VIRTUAL MUSEUMS THEN ALL THESE COULD BE SEEN BY ALL THE PEOPLE THE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ACROSS THE WORLD WHO COULD NOT EVER COME TO INDIA . THUS IT IS A GREAT INITIATIVES. 
0 0 its very good thought of having virtual museums of india. Its not only useful on indians, its also useful to other countries people who want to know the pride of india. By having Virtual Museums, its also advantage that people can look all the historical things in one place. It will be very useful to person who unable to travel much to view the pride of the nation which will be displayed infront of them in web. Virtual Museums will surely be milestones to indian digital growth. #NationalMuseum 
0 0 As museum should not a source of entertainment only it should for knowledge purposes also.  A vietual museum should have full history of india .it an be like documentry involving sindhu civilisation,mauryan,gupt's etc including pre and post independence era.Also story of independent india (story of 14 pm of india).High quality audio visuals should be involved 
0 0 First let people know about the importance of museums and portal libraries in India. Create awareness among all generations of people about how museums represent India's culture and history.Gathering information through mass media and inviting volunteers for this purpose would be helpful .......... 
2 0 It is laudable initiative however when compared to creation of National Portal of Indian Libraries,this initiative ranks very less.By creating a National Portal of Indian Libraries, it will be possible for All Indians-young,middle aga and Retired to access,gather knowledge and provide precise inputs for younger generation.I suggest that this initiative may be refocused in creation National Portal of Indian Libraries 
1 0 If possible include documentaries related to our past in them. 
3 0 We should create History animated documentaries, like one's done by History Channel and National Geographic, to not only be used in Museums using VR tech like Oculus rift, but also complement History Text in School and colleges. The idea is not to show artifacts only, but tell inspiring stories. 
0 0 For Make in India Clean-First we can Recycle or wastage  poly bags for all city's .this poly bags use as fuel to generate electricity.it become more use full for make in India clean. 
0 0 its called "Rare Book Society of India" on face book 
0 0 on Facebook, some people have access to Ancient Indian Text and manuscript, users can download lot of text in pdf format from his website. name of few are Oxford University Press, University of California, University of Toronto etc. If these Universities allowing certain people to download information online, they can we imagine how much or many Intellectual property they have stolen from India. If they did so, Our Sanskrit, Pali experts and team of high level officials must contact them ASAP 
0 0 Virtual museam should have high quality images as well as motion pictures with audio in 2D and 3D both view. 
0 0 I saw one audio and video museum at Rajgir. It's very effective in reconstructing the past. School children should be exposed to such museum so that they can carry the Indian flag or tradition and culture 
0 0 #TAG Virtual Museum: A Reminder of Rich Indian Heritage. What we tend to forget will never be lost. ...Bhartiya Sanskriti Amrita Saman. 
0 0 हमारे संग्रहालय अनुपम धरोहर है और इस प्रयास के कई लाभ होंगे -१.चोरी-छिपे फोटो खीचना कम हो जाएगा २. जो आर्थिक अभाव, विकलांगता,समय की कमी या किसी अन्य कारणवश वहां नहीं जा सकते,उन्हें घर बैठे इन्हें देखना संभव होगा ३.बच्चों की ज्ञान वृद्धि होगी ४.यदि इस पर नाममात्र का शुल्क भी हो तो संग्रहालयों को दर्शक घटने से धनाभाव का डर नहीं होगा किन्तु अत्यंत दुर्लभचीजों के लिए सुरक्षा भी बढ़ानी होगी | बेहतर हो यदि लॉग इन पंजीकृत यूजर के लिए हो | 
0 0 WEll its a great idea and can protect artifacts better reduce cost of managing footfalls..inc longevity..However craze to actually visit an archaeological museum would still stand.. 
2 0 It is a great idea! Schools can utilise the sites for the general knowledge sessions and children would enjoy watching the items and learning about the history behind each item. Learning would become more interesting. It would be a good tourist attraction too! 
3 0 The best way to know a country's people is by knowing their culture and religious traditions,which is soulfully reflected in their life style,monuments,religious texts,festivals being followed.I think the best way to promote tourism is when our secrets of traditions ,rituals (bharatya sanskriti)which are secretly connected with our past ,is attached with the monuments,scriptures,idols,maps being displayed in the museums.People accept what they understand & then admire naturally.HARI OM 
1 0 Geography deals with maps and History deals with chaps Yes we should  Constructing Images of the Past by bldg virtual museum 
0 0 We can generate employment with this initiative. we can develop an PSU in every state to monitor the cultural diversities of that particular state and employ people to take inputs for the same and after sorting out the inputs that PSU can upload it on the national portal. Employment generation for rural India can be generated by this way. 
1 0 Sir, most of the man loves music & music swings our mind. It will be good  if there is music archive for inspirational Nationalistic song like ‘’Jana gana mano adhinayaka…”, ‘Bandemataram ….Bandematam’, ‘Mile sur mera tumhara..’,‘Mere desh ki dharti sona..’, etc.In Bengali ‘Hou dharamete bir hou karmote bir..’, ‘Bolo bolo bolo sabe…’, ‘Dhanadhanye puspe bhara’ etc like other such nationalistic songs in different languages of different parts of our country  in archives of MyGov. 
0 0 virtual museum must contain the cultural aspect of INDIA specially the tourist loving features must included in it... virtual museum will definitely increment the source of attraction towards the INDIA and it can increase the economy of INDIA also . if more people will come to know about INDIA they will feel that they must come to INDIA..SO IT CAN BE BIG THING TO ALL US INDIANS.. 
0 0 Black money charge 30 % charge to Indian People.all black money recover to india 
0 0 Virtual Museums is a great idea. Between one thing I want share is in India we are not allowed to take pictures inside the museum but many countries I have visited like Thailand, Malaysia , Singapore do not have any restrictions on clicking pictures or taking videos but yes not allowed to touch though. By doing so not only interest will increase in going around the museum it also helps in spreading the content of our museums all over world and may enhance tourism. 
0 0 Sir,The idea of creation of national portal for virtual museum is excellent.Pilot project of 10 well known museums in india can be carried out in first stage. Videos with audio description having voice of popular personality regional wise can be done. A viewer id to be created after filling up all necessary information and only viewing rights to be given to the viewer. Respective managing authority to regularly update the videos. Online donations for maintenance of such museum can be encouraged. 
0 0 Great idea.The portal will not only serve the rich heritage of India to people with a busy schedule but also open it to the remotest regions of the world.Some suggestions- 1)Audio clips should be integrated with each Panorama. 2)Advance bookings to popular sites/museums. 3)A drop down field displays historical facts related to each piece of interest when the it's hovered over 4)Provisions for entrepreneurs/philanthropists to donate for or adopt a museum for maintenance 
1 0 It is a very nice idea and we should encourage it. Foreigners visit our country to know more about culture.So, for that we should install LEDs on airport which will give 360 views of various monuments in the city and in extra section other nearby cities. We just have to click pics of various places and then it can be combined to give a 306 view. We can even ask google to do it for us. Then exhibition of the same should be held in schools and public places. India is a great nation. Jai hind 
2 0 Hi All, Have you taken a Mysore Palace Virtual Tour? http://www.mysorepalace.gov.in/360_Eng/index.html It is a good initiative by gov. 
0 0 National Portal for virtual museums of India It is a great thought for creating a #virtualmuseum, as it will not only enhance and explore the diversity of INDIAN CULTURE & its HERITAGE but will also make it easy for peaople who cant go to various places to feel the beauty of India. the present generation leaves in the generation of technology, I hope it will be a great step for exploring #IncredibleIndia. 
0 0 National portal for virtual museums of india - indian museums have always been a great place to visit and experience our culture and heritage, if these museums are available virtually that will be a great idea. 3d tours , HD PICTURES , VIDEOS, AND AUDIO GUIDANCE WILL PLAY AS AN IMPORTANT PART FOR VIRTUAL MUSEUMS. BUT , MUSEUMS ALSO HAVE EXCLUSIVE AND AUTHENTIC SHOW ITEMS THAT ARE PROHIBITED TO BE PHOTOGRAPHED..SUCH SECRECY SHOULD ALSO BE MAINTAINED AND NOT TO BE VIRTUALLY AVAILABLE. 
0 0 We need to have a virtual museum regarding Indian banking  and taxation system from the Vedic times till now. Every thing about types of currency, coins systems of  coin / note generation. With spaecial Emphasis on contents of Artha sastra. it would enrich the younger generation. 
0 0 The virtual museum should be like visiting a museum, it should not become a site with images. The navigation can be unique for e.g. a virtual login window which is like a ticket counter. Entering a main hall, where one needs to select an area. The site should make use of animations which will attract youngsters. A virtual gallery showing all the artifacts and once the user selects them, a detailed view with rich information about the artifact should be present. 
0 0 Our countrymen living in smaller cities don't have option to see their national heritage. In this regard virtual museums are a great initiative. But this needs to be partnered with physical programs as well. Artifcats from high profile museums should g on tour of India, where they will be displayed for 15 days. Schools of the area needs to be encouraged to visit the museum in that time frame. Such initiative partnered with physical programs will increase the productivity much fold. 
0 0 i have complete master plan how that city would be smart city " art city " 
0 0 i feel if want to increase the tourist base to country we have to world class museum for art /sculpture . India is land of diversity and rich heritage. If we market our heritage in alignment with western world  by tourist economy  India can be super power . Tourism base can be increased with world class art city. i suggest to government india make one " art city " in  100 smart cities. 100 smart cities revnue will match with one " art city " where music/ painting/ dance/ cultural shows 
0 0 As we all know people are busy in their lives.they dont have time for anything. and many are not even aware about these types of museums.so just simple remove their prob that time prob. as per the survey of some online sites. 64 percent people are incresed fr movies on weekends an all,specially youngters. if people cant come to museums .but museums can go to the people na. so simple provide the cd's , free complimentary tickets to people with one time meal or some snacks.#NationalMuseum 
2 0 The idea of virtual museums is supurb. Of courese,Virtual Museums National Portal will add a feather in the crown of our rich historical heritage.By this we can reach each and every corner of the world. Mukhtarul Haque Kolkata 
1 0 All places or things of historic importance, small or big, need to be digitized and connected through web portal with connectivity to security agencies, tourism industry, health centers.This should also disclose yearly cost of preservation and agencies who do it. This will help in tourism promotion, funding, timely maintenance, reduce crime & so on. Government can see progress and can design future policies as they can see visitor and revenue detail in real time manner with security arrangement. 
0 0 As it is cultural it should consist of various cultural depicts with all info and all visuals should have 3D in order to give a rich blend or taste of our culture 
0 0 We have been really pathetic in archiving our cultural specs like folk song, art forms virtually, these should also get a place in virtual museum with high priority.... #NationalMuseum, #VirtualMuseums, #MinistryofCulture, #MyGov 
2 0 Ancient sites like Nalanda, under-water Dwarka etc need virtual reconstruction of how they might've been back then. Also scriptures like Vimanika-shastra etc to show the possible aeronautic achievements in past and the need of decoding those scriptures to help develop the modern world. Also to prevent the modern India from religiously following the scriptures/tradition while providing the scientific analysis with which the people shall decide what can be followed & when based on individual needs 
0 0 #NationalMuseum.Neat and clean look or appearance.good lighting.Name of the articles and descriptions should be clearly written. 3D effects will be more attractive.Guides should be there to explain everything. 
0 0 we add 4d,5d,6d,7d,8d shows to increase our museums fame internationally.which are now organising in foriegn countries 
0 0 22 मार्च को मन कि बात मे किशानो कि समस्या से जुडे सवाल के साथ साथ अनाज भाण्डारण कि समस्या पर जरुर कुछ बात बताइयेगा क्योकि आज भी किसानो के द्वारा उगया गया आनाज खुले मे पडा रहता है और किसान आपने खुन पसीने से उगये गये अनाज को खुले मे पडे देख कर बहुत दुख होता है मै भि एक किसान क बेटा हु इस दुख को मै अच्छी तरह जानता हु 
0 0 I believe the Museum needs a modern make-over, the lighting is also very bad and it makes artifacts look very dull. 
1 0 This is a great idea,it will encourage tourism in a big way.We could use similar 3D technology used by google maps for covering every aspect of museums 
0 0 this is great idea,it will encourage tourism in a big  way.We could use similar 3D technology used by google maps 
0 0 #indiaNowAndThen.#realtimeindia #Aestheticaindia 
0 0 Its should have 3d with real time experience,  the quality of shooting should be highest.  And shooting done by batural creative director in collaboration with art genius. Both mad of virtual art 
0 0 #NationalMuseum, #VirtualMuseums, #MinistryofCulture, #MyGov:The virtual museums should be 3D and should come with audio, for people who cant see.Before uploading images we should definitely check for its credibility.We should also encourage people to contribute to this.Many in India have good old things from their ancestors which they can contribute to this and help India,s history glow . 
0 0 Dear prime minister please do every thing to provide basic facility to every village that BIJALI ,SADAK PANI at any cost. if we are able to provide pani and electricity to faemer of INDIA i am sure they will make india prosperous. this should be done at any cost. EVERY FARMER OF INDIA WILL LOVE OUR PRIMINISTER VERY MUCH. WE PRAY TO GOD TO GIVE STRNGTH TO DO THIS MUCH FOR FARMER TO ANY COST. IAM BEYOND THE DOUBT THAT OUR BELOVED PM WILL THIS MUCH FOR FARMER AT ANY COST. 
0 0 this is great idea any indian feel proud to attach with pm and can express views. this realy shows pm slogan sabaka saath sabaka vikas. realy feel proud to be part of portal 
0 0 creation of this type of virtual museum is great idea to showcase ancient artifact public and private possession,some verification method as to be frame before display the object or certificate of verification,for general anybody can attached  scan upload 
0 0 This is a good idea. Virtual museum concept's implementation leads to easy access of ancient history. 
0 0 This is a great idea. it will showcase rich history of India. Images of objects should be scanned and uploaded along with historic significance of the object. Whereever possible small stories relating to these objects which are based on facts can also be attached, it will make portal more entertaining and informative. 
0 0 Scan objects of heritage from multiple angles and generate 3D holograms and visual content. Supplement with text and audio content about its history and significance. Make it available through portal for free. 
0 0 In this world of computers, it is very good idea, deep culture of India can be brought out in this Museums very well - go ahead and create interactive Museums , which will be fun and learning experience for Indians and other foreigners visiting this Museums 
0 0 Dear Sir, I suggestion for public convincing.Bus Transport should have mini toilette for passenger convenience compulsory.Please look in to the matter and implement earlier. Thanking you. 
0 0 INDIA ONLINE I SUGGEST PROVIDE EVERY THING ON LINE ABOUT INDIAN TOURISM,CULTURE,HERITAGE, 
0 0 We should be careful about what is up loaded on virtual museum portal and avoid getting it overcrowded with insignificant and information of trash value. Objects of only heritage value and relevance to culture, art, tradition, valor, history,education etc should be put on the site. There is thus a need to evaluate information before including / excluding it. 
0 0 The #VirtualMuseum must contain not only museums but also views of other Historical Places. Different Historical Collections can also be integrated. It should contain high resolution photos with historical importance. Important National Artifacts like the Ashoka sthamb etc. #VirtualMuseums Artifacts related to Independence movement etc must also be present in the portal. The Portal should also contain information of all Memorials in india, War memorials, etc #MyGOV 
0 0 Hi, need to stop the Copying systems in exams in U.P. Basically Many more non capable persons coming in race with the capable one. If this can be stop the students will be filtered according to their capability. Also the nation required few other university like Nalanda. 
0 0 The virtual Museums of India will leads a Global focus of our India's Monuments.We can make a place for uploading coin collection & Stamp Collection in that. M.Anandan 
0 0 it will be a great idea. As per the govt. of India records, few thousands of artifacts might be available. For a great country like India, which has Millions of Yrs of History, many places in all states will be having excellent historical items, artifacts, stories, etc. Let us encourage all those undocumented details through this Virtual Museum concept. They can be verified by the local authorities and can be given the authentication. Prof. Dr. Vemuri Lakshminarayana, Chennai 
0 0 I want to say that please government should have to create a virtual Museum of Library in which all subject not left any subject of world like indian old science, sumerian science, mesopotamia science, history, modern science , covered . so that all students scholar get all info in only one place. & as per indian old Philosophy (Darshan) they should have right to discuss in open forum which resultant will very useful for us .Sorry my English language is not good so please understand my feeling 
1 0 Sir, could you connect with the ministry of tourism and provide virtual booths in major cities(in airports/railway stations/etc.) in India. A virtual booth could be one where the users put on a virtual device(like Oculus Rift/alternatives) and are immediately immersed in a virtual world of their monument/tourist(Taj Mahal/Museums/Regional Monuments) location of choosing. It will also help digitally cataloguing  our national heritage and will help with future research. 
0 0 India has many museums but a lack of maintenance 
0 0 i was visit to mysore museum so good but not that much need 
1 0 Museum is a place which connect the current generation with our glorious past.this type of portals make aware our young generation whom were always busy with internet.this type of portals are also helpful to give a backup to our tourism industry.with help of this type of portals our nation's antique collectors can also be get motivated.so our government's this step is so much appreciative.I am also a numesmatic ccollector. I am supporting government in this case. 
0 0 Your kind attention is invited towards my candidature, wherein after qualified NET conducted by UGC, more than 40 publications with 7.4 years working experience still I am working on contractual job in Govt. Sector at low salary. I have been regularly applying for the post of ASSISTANT PROFESSOR in different universities but still no positive result has come. You are, therefore requested to kindly take necessary action and also provide necessary help to me TO GET SUITABLE JOB. 
0 1 sir my request is....so many media channels are spends a lot of time for anti BJP campaign...like.ndtv &news24. you take action aginst him &find out why they doing this..plz sir not ignore this......&why media not shows actual news.....plz sir soon &soon find out this...and make a team which always observe online & tv media 
1 0 Virtual Museums should be designed in such a way that peoples will be attracted to visit them physically. Those who can not visit should enjoy virtual tour. 
0 1 sir If entrance exams will be two times in year...it will be more jobs and could increase india's growth rate. 
0 0 sir If entrance exams will be two times in year...it will be more jobs and could increase india's growth rate. 
0 0 sir you create a team which observe all the things which tmports china to us and try to make those all the things by make in india...but establish small-small companies to make chaina's product in india. 
1 0 sir I thought if Mygov app is discover and to this advertise in tv channels and newspapers a lot of people shall join this and could know your thoughts and working style...& It will help you to join more and more people to participating in good governance. 
1 0 I would say it is needed. The senior citizens or young children can not go around the country before/after certain age because of travel fatigue, food restrictions and weather. The virtual museums give them an opportunity to enjoy the exhibits. Further, a description in all vernacular language in addition to English will benefit all. Museum may even consider descriptions in foreign languages. There can be a small fee for switching on the narration (as it is done in Mysore Palace for Rs 100). 
1 1 I think this is not needed. Instead people should be couriered or posted free tickets or travel buses which can make them access such places quick and easily. So all Indians would be aware about it. 
0 0 with regarding land acquision bill,as i am being an Modi,s strong supporter I do request presently not to have prestige issue.opponents have their hand only this issue ,they are trying to confuse the farmers.best way to keep pending it. there should be public consultations,sugestions.govt including state govts there are huge land acquired, create a land bank data,use this land for urgent requiremet if there.best way presently not go to pass this bill. 
0 0 Sir, I think, farmers are the most suffering category among all fields though a lot of offers for writing of their dues and a great subsidy giving by all Govts in power. But actually these efforts of the Govt and its goodwill never reached to the actual farmers having few acres of land.  The problem areas are :- (a)  Insurance support for crops (b)  Provision of employees through MGNREGA (c)  Market price to be fixed and collected by Govt and paid amount in full within a fortnight. 
0 0 The national portal for virtual museum is an good initiative but should not be restricted to only museums rather than to 50 places in India. This should be web , ipad and mobile complaint where by should have a 360 degree view of the place as well as short description along with the direction to visit,. This same initiative is been done in UAE as called as dubai 360 degree where various camera views are taken from land as well as helicopter shorts and complied in one portal called dubai360.com 
0 0 Respected, Modi Sir jis dhang se chijoki kimat aur gaon ki garibi bar raha hain, gaon ki sab maa baap ehi chahata hain unke bacchche sahar me jaye aur kuch kama ke laye, jise bhi pucho ehi kahete hain" kheti bari me pet nehi bharta". aagar aisai trend chalta rahe to ek din aisa ayega jab paisa deke bhi kishan nehi milega, aaj e-kranti ki baat kar rahe hain to kiun na kishano ko aalag pehchan diya jaye? unko aalag se enlist karke unko e-card diya jaye ta ki oh directly aapki najrome rahe. 
0 0 This is really great Idea. Create this portal for real Museums like Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Museum in Mumbai with its contents Features & complete tour of the Museum. keep some cultural programs & add it on this platform. Invite creative people to create new antique things. 
0 0 Respected, Modi ji my suggestion is for energy savings that all high voltage bulb mostly use in village area  use 24 hrs (100volt) so pl, ban/stop this activite, olny use CFL . My request all people pl, support for save the energy. Thanks sharma ji 
0 0 Q nahi modi ji humlog kisan ka loss ka paisa direct unke bank account me de..jis tarh lpg gas ka subsidy dete hai..is ke liye real time data collect kiya jaye ki kaun kisan kitna jamin par pasal upjata hai aur yah pata chal jaye to uska loss ka v pata chal jayega..aur jab subsidy diya jaye to kisi chor ke hath me na dekar direct kisan ke bank account me psisa diya jaye. 
0 0 PM Modiji , it is nice that you are talking to farmers on the 22nd. Only 50% understand Hindi. We need translation in each & every language & dialect of India to reach the complete farmer population. South & East of India seems neglected in national efforts and investments. Your message to country will be multiplied many times over with this strategy. Thank you for giving me an opportunity. 
0 0 India is agriculture oriented economy. Population of 140 billion needs food. Top priority of Govt. of India is to feed so many mouths. Govt. should do everything possible to keep farmers producing food grains for the people. Enough water, seeds, free electricity for irrigation, fertilisers, godowns for storage of produce both simple and referigerated, roads to market, soil testing laboratories, latest knowledge on farming and crop insurance against all perils are must. No suicide by farmers. 
0 0 Virtual Museums should provide a 3D or 4D high resolution view of the artefacts and exhibits. There should be an audio explanation in English, Hindi, and other main foreign languages about the artefacts. The Portal should also contain innovative Quizzes and Games which provide knowledge about the Museums. Online Exhibitions could also be promoted. Rich library and books (in e-format) about the displayed articles etc. should be made available online. 
0 0 Strongly recommend the govt. to consider partnering with a private company like Google on this who already implement a virtual art galleries project that showcases from across the world with required software, database and resources . They also have the reach to take Indian galleries, museums and art to the world. Govt. just need to facilitate an Indian section hosted by them may be private label branded as Indian govt. https://www.google.com/culturalinstitute/u/0/project/art-project 
0 0 last 2 years have seen inadequate, dismal growth in agriculture and the recent budget did nothing to raise its condition. Please look upto it and make it one of the pillars of Make in India because our agri sector is already skilled but more needs to be done in R&D to harness this potential 
2 0 The google art Gallery is a good implimentation.  Visit below link. https://www.google.com/maps/views/streetview/art-project?gl=us 
0 0 objects details should be in such a attractive and lucid manner that everybody can understand easily. must not be just to complete the job. 
0 0 I suggest @My gov..that the Virtual Museums can give every idea about the object that has been placed.. 
0 0 me chahta hu manki bat aap jamin sanmpadan par khulkar bat kare kese ye kishan ke hit me he 
0 0 I suggest to #MyGov that the #VirtualMuseums must be a 3D view of the respective museum in which a virtual camera must be in the hand of user using mouse for ex : - cameras as we saw in survival video games, and there must be all audios available about the #NationalMuseum and it's art galleries. The user must be able to move in the virtual museum using mouse. 
0 0 Please introduce the mechanized method of agriculture. State and Central govt has to sanction more loan for equipments like tractor etc.More Research has to be taken to get more crop. Scientists are to be encouraged more,including research scholars are also. Kindly get the list of branded seeds for to avoid other country attacks (BTM seeds spoiled lands of Africa) This list should be advertised properly for all kinds of seeds. Govt should not allow fake seed companies 8880967025 
0 0 Plz follow the attachment. 
0 0 Dear PM land acquisition bill is simply superb, being a son of farmer i will agree this. But when come to Andhra Pradesh, present CM pulling the fertile lands instead of barren lands.These people defaming your historical bill. If he changed the land for capital city opposition will also support your bill in AP Please think about the land selected by the Andhra Pradesh CM, those fully fertile lands. Andhra Pradesh is calling as Rice bowl of India becoz of these areas. 8880967025 
0 0 Virtual museums can be used to find information,sculpture and another arts just like Google Culture institute(https://www.google.com/culturalinstitute/project/art-project) and also useful for historical place. 
0 0 Virtual museums can be used to find   information on various places artifacts and relics of historical significance. It can also used to showcase the achievements and marvels of various government projects like bullet train project, metro rail project etc. 
1 0 This is a good step. Thanks to our honorable PM for taking this initiative. Also this portal should reflect the sculpture of all ancient cities, their customs which are shown in museums  as we are not able to reach there due to some situations. 
0 0 Virtual tour can be facilitated by 1) a video tour with background information audio This will make the session interesting and interactive for every virtual visitor. It will connect to the person trying to know more about India's culture and history 2) Google street view mode for every museum This mode makes the person feel as if he is touring it by himself reading the tags and moving by his own will. It can be improved by adding audios for various checkpoints and objects in the museum 
0 0 Many people India and abroad may not get a chance to visit each and every museum of India. It is a best idea to bring in Indian museums on virtual tour. This enable people to understand Indian history, culture, beliefs etc., 
0 0 धनुषकोडीमें आनेके पश्‍चात पता चलता है कि रामसेतुके दर्शन करनेके लिए कस्टमकी अनुमति लगती है । कस्टमका यह कार्यालय रामेश्‍वरममें है । रामेश्‍वरमसे धनुषकोडीतक यात्री पक्की सडक न होनेके कारण कभी बालुसे तो कभी सागरके पानीसे कष्टप्रद यात्रा करते हुए यहां पहुंचते हैं । श्रद्धालुआेंके साथ किया यह छल है ।परिणामस्वरूप ९० प्रतिशत श्रद्धालु धनुषकोडीमें पहुंचनेपर भी पवित्र रामसेतुके दर्शन नहीं कर पाते । शासन धनुषकोडीमें ही कस्टमका कार्यालय क्यों नहीं खोलता ? 
0 0 I would like GOI to start Kisan Meditation & Entertainment Centre to educate them about the govt policies and improve the mental strength by meditation and Yoga 
0 0 I would like to draw the attention of education minister, Govt. of India to focus & strategically plan for measuring & strengthening the primary education system in India, especially in remote area & villages.The target based assignments have to be given to DEO level and rate their progress upon credentials, achievements and upbringing the knowledge of primary students.If, govt. would continue to serve the free food and facilitate with other scheme,that would only be beneficial for time being. 
0 0 Respected PM, Thanks for the initiative for getting suggestions and views from public to improve our economy and progress fast. I have specialised in mechanisation in agriculture by using advance hightech agri machines from china, korea and japan who are well of us in agri production per unit area by practising scientific cultivation by adopting latest machines which increases production, improves quality of produce, saves water, takes care of farm labour shotage, power generation, brings 
0 0 Good think. but it good to see that all thing in their original place. To protect and presurve all ancient think and structure now our future generation. really ancient construction is too good. now also nobody can make like that. so it better to protect them. 
0 0 since our farmers have given their hard maintained contribution to the government for the development of the country, we should praise and give them the best available benefits in Banking (Loans, subsidies etc.), Government Jobs (Prioritized),Farming Equipment with latest tech with landing price,option of purchasing house for the same location if developed or the option of allotting the same sized land in the same state with same prices approachable,water harvesting/conserving facilities too. 
0 0 That is a great effort for them who wants to see all the ancient things but could not reach due to some problems. Great going by our PM sir. Thanx for this tremendous effort for us....... 
0 0 Great thought and we are already taking a look at how we could make the audiance or school children who wants to explore more information and also for the people who are too far and cannnot visit the Musuem for quick original facts it would be a great platform, such initiative is great. We from Fields of View a non-profit organization would like to take it furthur with Government Support. Sorry couldnt type more information :) Regards, Vardhan Varma Researcher Fields of View Bangalore 
0 0 It is great to see that links now become active automatically on this mygov website. Congratulations for the improvement. 
0 0 This novella illustrates a practical model for the most impoverishes of villages to become prosperous and beautiful: http://www.amazon.in/Mystic-Blossoms-Ashok-Malhotra/dp/1411648579 
0 0 Farmers must diversify with blue water farming, poultry, diary and most especially with fruit and other trees along with bee keeping for prosperity 
0 0 Develop social organisation with skill member to organize village development to maintain 1- crop,vegetable,grains value.2- river connection. 3- cattle medical,milk value,natural fertility with gover khad etc,4- connectivity of road with local transportation,5- solar power mechanism development and supervise with local social organisation skill members.Also supervise school,hospital,E-Mitra in village with internet cyber point. 
0 0 A great thought. Honorable PM :) 
1 0 It will be a new thing for all.Initially it may be cost intensive ,but the return is too high.India will be one among a few countrties to have VM. Some to feel pride enjoy and learn. The next generation with the old ones ,every one will be benefitted. 
0 0 Capture video based virtual tours of all museums like Google street view. Thanks. 
0 0 Virtual Museum Exhibits On Demand has a Positive effect on Overall Museum Exhibit Visits.The number of virtual museum exhibit visits to an online museum is positively correlated with the number of in-person visits to museums in general.  In-person visitors to museum exhibits who also visit museum exhibits on demand have a more positive trend in visiting more often than those who visit in-person. High return. With mix of  rich heritage and modernity, it is a boon for all to pride in. 
0 0 1.makecompulsory all sugarcane growers to use drip irrigation only.2. stop giving permission to new sugar factories and expansion of existing.3. most awaited solar policy to encourage comman man as wel as investors for solar plants.4.encourage people to use cycles to avoid growing pollution by cars and two wheelers. 
0 0 similar to swatchh bharat, why not have a green bharat campaign encouraging people to plant atleast one tree in their life... 
0 0 modi Jee , Your Communication Between farmer  and you not established, that is way people confuse what is   going to be  happen  with them , so you have to directly communicate with farmer one thing is also  you can do it if  farmer wants lands against land   government should provide land to the farmer other place or permanent job to his family  also you can create land to because farmer need to cultivate otherwise what he do rest of life. 
0 0 Can this portal also be linked to ASI's various Archaeological projects? So that people can really see our treasures being unearthed? These documentaries will give a realtime feel and also document their findings! 
0 0 It is good ideas for India 
0 0 A virtual Museum can be build using the virtual reality applications using pure 3D game engines. I am willing to help my India to make a complete VR based Museums where people can come and actually visit the Museums. Using keyboard and mouse users can be able to open doors, see the objects with related history behind it. We have got experience of building such type of apps and games, I am a Entrepreneur, who is a passionate Indian running my company Since 1998 called virtualinfocom. 
0 0 For stopping soil erosion, khush ghaas is very effective and its have commercial value also. Farmers may be encouraged to use this for restricting soil erosion and some side earnings. 
0 0 Virtual Museum, Very good and wonderful Idea. I have been visiting big museums since childhood, but due to shortage of time, parents or teachers will make us to run through the corridors to corridors and room to room to finish in given time limit. If virtual museum is available it will be a great opportunity to devout as much time as possible on each item of interest. Pl. implement it a early as possible. 
0 0 A virtual Museum can be build using the virtual reality applications using pure 3D game engines. I am willing to help my India to make a complete VR based Museums where people can come and actually visit the Museums. Using keyboard and mouse users can be able to open doors, see the objects with related history behind it. We have got experience of building such type of apps and games, I am a Entrepreneur, who is a passionate Indian running my company Since 1998 called virtualinfocom. Regards 
0 0 Please fix the Rates of each and every farm products so that farmer will get consistant rates 
0 0 latest technology and benefit of soil testing and accordingly use of fertilisers. Hop all these issues will be sensitised in the next Mann Ki Baat. Regards 
0 0 Respected Sir, It is really a good idea as well as need of the hour to talk directly to farmers on various issues. Foremost issues are Land acquisition bill, subsidy, MSP for crops and crop insurance. Its very painful to see the almost ready crops are destroyed in unseasonal rain and hailstorm across the country. The way out may be insurance for all crops, and initially Government can some load of premium payments. One more thing about farming, farmers should be encouraged to adopt 
0 0 I feel PM should address following thing (1) Role of education in the agriculture. As in past most of villagers are dependent on agriculture. But with improvement education in villages people start leaving this occupation and start looking white collar job. it is necessary to motivate them to agriculture with technology (2) we should find additional way to encourage them to participate in additional earning  during ideal time . 
0 0 Sir the government is trying it's best.bt the results are disappointing. Therefore the ministry should jump to the thread root level. Programs like special visit of guests and plans like promotional of farm product specially organic and farm fresh milk should be encouraged at military level. Surprise visit to offices related to farm and farmer specially from cabinet department will generate a feeling of responsibility among the respondents. 
1 0 Making giant statue, does it help for improve India situation..? Does India and Indians need such kinds of Zero app. product..? Respected Sardar Patel, shivaji Maharaj and Dr.Ambedkar never want to build thr statue when thr people dies for disease, without shelter, farmer doing suicides, women’s feel unsafe. Stop to making false image. Live in reality and respect live people 
0 0 But please improve the infrastructure of our schools to have facilities to be able to access the virtual library and use it in academics. 
0 0 Virtual museum is a wonderful concept.In school as students we learn about a lot of things like the dancing girl statue of the harappan times etc but how many of us actually get to see it in its true form except as a picture which is not clear in most of the cases!Pictorial representations and graphics in its best forms will last in memory for a long duration of time.With a virtual museum not just the students even the teachers and public will be able to see the beauty of our culture. 
1 0 Respected sir, I am an graduate working person wants to say that in India for gettin employed in any of the field require minimum education which is now days becomes graduation or some higher degree , but sir why there is partialityin political career where no degree qualification required,,, why sir why such a huge difference...? Please take some helpful steps in this aspect 
1 0 Talk to farmers directly.Everybody is just involved in blame game.State govt is more involved in corruption. All payment must go through central govt channel. Direct in bank. 
0 0 6. Direct involve farmer. Execution is very important in these bill. 7. Let the farmer take the ownership of land. 8. State govt is more involved in corruption. All payment must go through central govt channel. Direct in bank. 
0 0 2. There should be some provision to pass on sone part of project profit to the land owner may be in stock/debenture or social responsibilty by thst project. 3. It means that project should adopt those land owners and help them in grow along with project. 4. Skill development and higher education and free hospital must have some quota for those land owners who have given Land for the project. This will show their ownership. 5. Panchayat and mukhiya is not not a good solution of involvemnet. 
0 0 Talk to farmers directly. Dont entertain these dharna people. I govt is not able to communicate to farmers correctly. I here on TV debate but find BJP spokesperson not talking correctly on land bill. Everybody is just involved in blame game. Please convey the benefit in simple terms. I think a few things should be made clear regarding this bill. 1. Is the school set up in villages will give free education to child whose land has acquired? 2. I 
0 0 Further more, Government can sell to market this crops purchase from farmers with decied fixed rate each year and also get benefit and export also for surplus Quantities. We have to use water saving method of drip irrigation and water storing tanks for draught states and protection against heavy rain areas by giving type of crops not affecting by rain to that type of areas. 
0 0 The Various state farmer should give various type   crops Target with all facilities provided by Govt for production of crops. Types of crops with Quantity can be decided by one Committee and as per local condition of State , they can be give all crops list for full year. Government can sell than this crops, even export and also stop corruption  of  commission agents of Markets. Farmer will get his revenue as per target achieved based on Fixed Rate provided by Government centrally. 
0 0 To my previous blog, This System is exist in Australia and we can have ideas from Australian  Gove. to move in this direction. Moreover, due to lot of hungame on Land bill by opposition, Farmer should get more than current Value of Land which can cover the future 10 Years increase land cost in that condition, The bill be good for favor of farmer and farmer can utilize this money for future Farm investment. 
0 0 Dear PMO I would like to suggest that due to irregular monsoon seasons many times or no rain in some parts of India, The Farmers conditions are becoming worst since so many years. To make again India a Farms Country as before Government should encourage the Farmer and like Coal India, Indian Oil Govt. can purchase the Land and provide all facilities like drip irrigation and seeds and protection , insurance to farmers and farms. Farmers have to produce with hard work some Target Qty. Crops. 
0 0 Dear PMO I would like to advise the for Girl Child birth ratio which is less compared to Boy child in India, The Government should put through State Government and Central Government a scheme that on Birth of Girl Child First to any Family the Education in Good school will be 50% fees and on two Girl Child will be 100% Free. Where as on Birth of Boy Child Normal Fees and On birth of Second Boy Child 50% More and  on successive third or forth Boy child 25% more per child. We can do Beti bacho. 
0 0 Samskriti Ashram France has the Louvre; United States has the Smithsonian; China has the Museum of Qin Terra Cotta Warriors, but what about India? India now has the chance to not just catch up, but become the leader on the world stage. Our mission is to build an interactive museum, that can be anticipated in 2050, to share the history of India with its immense wealth of tradition to the whole world - showcasing our great epics presented in the form live action movies, animated &digital media. 
0 0 Dear modi ji, Hum chahte h aap is baar 2 points par focus karo. 1. Kisano se kaho ki wo fasal bima karaye,or kuch vippatti aane par wo kaha or kisses mile Taki uskI samasya ka samadhan aasani se ho jaye. help center ko kese use kare is baare me bataya jaye. 2. Land bill k fayde batao. Or unki suno ki kisan kya chahte h. Kisano se chittiya likhne ko kaho. jo Likh nahi paate wo kisan apane DAKIYE post officer se kahe wo Likhe. Or postman ko bhi nirdesh diye jaye wo inki help kare Jai hind 
0 0 This will maintain the liveliness and newness in the each museum on one hand to keep the interest of the local people as well and at the same time would enable display of the entire or maximum stock for the people and tourists on the other. #NationalMuseum Part 4 of 4 
0 0 The Private sector can invest in building the Museum infrastructure while the Government can provide the artifacts to these new Museums. The Galleries can be rotated once or twice in a year in such a manner that these artifacts are displayed through the length and breadth of the nation in say 10 to 15 years time. #NationalMuseum    Part 3 of 4 
0 0 During British Rule huge number of discoveries were made and many things were taken away to Britain but many things have been left in India. The need of the hour is to develop big Museums in each and every State Capital of India. If the Government of the day finds it difficult to fund such big projects many private players would love to come forward in this venture on Public Private Partnership (PPP) Basis. #NationalMuseum Part 2 of 4 
0 0 The important aspect is that we have huge reserves of artifacts and sculptures stored in the store houses of these museums and the godowns of Archaeological Survey of India. The worst aspect is that some of these objects of art, artifacts and sculptures have not yet been opened by the officials of the Govt Museums and Archaeological Survey of India, since Independence. Our civilization is one of the oldest in the world. #NationalMuseum Part 1 of 4 
0 0 farmers suffered heavy losses this week due to rain and hail storms a crop insurance scheme named crop insurance cost assurance must be brought. with an objective of crop insurance at nominal rate so that in case of the crop gets destroyed before harvesting the farmer can at least get his cost of crop back. 
0 0 "Tamil Actor Dhammu's contribution to Swachh Bharat Mission. He has conceived and directed this social advertisement. My greetings to Dhammu for such a wonderful gesture to spread cleanliness awareness" appreciated by Scientist Mr.V.Ponraj (Advisor to A.P.J.Abdul Kalam). Here is the link for view the video............ check it out and share it... http://www.ithayakkani.com/jsp/Content/display_content_front.jsp?linkid=... 
1 0 Farmer must be encouraged to go for organic farming. Organic farming is not possible without cow dung as the manure. Hence Govt support must be there to have Goshalas. Research organizations must be encouraged to work towards effective organic farming. Adequate support must be provided by the Govt for logistics, supply chain and cold chains for perishable organic farm products. 
0 0 Some good presentation with scientifically proved Aaurved, Yog sadhanas, Dhyandharna,  natural sources of light chikitsa, indian games for physical fitness 
0 0 First thing to be done to list out virtual museums of India. Step by step it is to be maintained in efficient way   so that day to day normal expenses to be done from its revenue only and not by begging to state or central gove. 
0 0 it will be highly helpful for the people of India,but caution will be taken so that we can be properly acquainted with our rich cultural heritage and there will be no foreign influence. It will help people explore the knowledge from the comfort of our home. 
0 0 Hi everybody I want share my thought to politicians to think yourself political is like a monthly package to buy from one particular store on every month....if u didn't like change the store..u like u continue ur shopping on that particular store...then think...ur party is a store people like a shoppers..then wat happening in India if any 1 party rule continuously??? Jst think nd tak decision ur self... 
0 0 In this portal, focus should be gone on that places those are red listed and now a days losing their identification due to lack of care. And there should be a mobile app for this. I think this will be a big advantage for youth, because by using app youth can will be connected directly with their golden past. 
0 0 Respected Modi Ji i am an employeee of MAwana Sugars Limited . we deals in Sugars,. Sir Sugar industry is in very bad stage . Farmers are facing lot of problem as well as companies also. Further the previous government is deregulate selling not purchasing. as a effect company hav to sell at a lower price. Farmers also suffering a lot . but company is not happy to suffered the farmers. Sir please take immediate effects to help the recovery of Sugar Mills in UP.Nees ur kind attention . An 
0 0 SHOULD BE MAINTAIN PROPERLY. 
0 0 India must show the world of her power in each and every field. World has recognized India's   different powers in different fields, the agriculture still remains unexplored are. The farmers are embracing "suicides' while science is reaching Mars and getting data for many fields. Let's make some genuine attempts to bring smiles to the farmers also. They will give us invaluable gifts. 
1 0 Regarding creation of National Portal for Virtual Museums of India, my opinions are following:- 1. Ancient to modern True History of Great India, 2. History and information of all Indian community Culture, 3. Ayuarveda and their mile stones researches 4. Technical science oriented (Vedic) knowledge at the time of Ramayan and Mahabharat, 5. Super knowledge of Ancient India like spirtual,Economic, Jyotish, Four Vedas, 18 Purans,ShrimadBhagwat Gita should be available. 
0 0 crop insurance: As we have seen recent nonseasonal rains have affected the crop production for this year and farmers are shattered. If you can bring something called "crop insurance" at very minimal price it would be really helpful to recover from such losses. 
0 0 It is necessary to help our farmers by saving losses to their crops through technological means like greenhouse farming. We have tremendous technology brains in the country. We IITans can contribute heavily with assistance from good agri universities and ICAR ICRISAT etc. I urge the government to open a forum under the NITI Ayog towards this. Even if we can stop one farmer suicide we will be making one positive step. I urge honourable PM to express his thoughts. 
0 0 har city me kishan k liye direct public me bechane k liye agah dedo.public bhi khush kishan bhi khush. jaise-sunday ke din subah 7:00 am se 12:00pm tak city ka koi ek medan kishan ko dedo.kishan ka bhi bhala hoga aur am janata ka bhi 
1 0 #MyGov the idea to make mygov portal is outstanding, the making of virtual musium is good... 
2 0 #VirtualMuseums shall have provision to provide API's for other Indian digital agencies to utilize #NationalMuseum data and utilize it in various other portals and website too. This way we can grow exponentially and have more eye balls on the #MinistryofCulture worldwide. #MyGov can be a portal that use these API to publish contest like identification of certain sculptures or ancient data. 
1 0 We need dedicated virtual marine archaeological museums on theme like Ramayana and Mahabharata. The museum can have the 7000 year old sculptures photos, digital manuscripts. Ancient scientific devises. the virtual museum items should display the location of the real museum where the item is present to enable People who like to visit real museum should. please engage Marine Archaeology Centre of the National Institute of Oceanography. 
0 0 dont forget agriculture in any stage. dont forget small scale industries, dont forget inter connecting of rivers dont forget to stop converstion so that religious riot will  notcome 
0 0 NPS Account Opening Services is very delay. POPs are taking more times to process. I have submitted NPS Application Form on 20th Feb. 2015 in ICICI Bank, Main Branch Bhubaneswar. Still the amount is not deducted from my Saving bank account. My Acknowledgement no. is 12600167100000184 and POP-SP Registration No. is 6001671. If it take less time, most peoples are intrested to open accounts. 
0 0 There is a reason for all the ancient structures, why they are placed / constructed in such way, sadly the art hasn't been passed down through generations, or the info isn't available isn't available easily. Our temples are constructed according to age-old vastu sastra. Museums can research, illustrate and share this age old art, which no other country has except for my India. #MyGov #Vaastu #IncredibleIndia 
1 0 The world has turned into a global village by technology. India being a large country, the geographical borders can cause obstruction in the mergence of culture and people which often leaves us unaware about the rich heritage of our country. We must come up with a virtual museum to break these borders and restrictions. This is a great idea and would reflect the advancement of india. #OurRichHeritage 
0 0 Yeah this would be among one of the best initiatives to happen in our country.Everyone could get to know about the history with lot more interest.Nowadays we get to know the manipulated history and stories.I definitely support for a National Porta on Virtual museum. 
1 0 Interactive animation games(small) not quite intensive, few around 3 or 4. It would be quite refreshing for the visitor. Example:- I want to buy land and I am in MUGHAL PERIOD. How am I supposed to buy the land. With Tankas(silver coins) OR Jitals (copper coins). Introduction of token currency in India, how significant is the system of token currency in present age. What are the benefits what are the risks. How did it shape the way we are living in present age. HISTORY INFLUENCES. 
0 0 Sir, You know India build with multiple states. Each state has unique identification. Every state has historical history and valuable assets. We can gather information from all these states and create virtual environment for public. Where everyone can know easily about India and these state gain information from this virtual environment. World can know what is India and what it have unique from all over other country. I hope you understand my view Thanks, Vikas 
0 0 National portal should be educative, it must teach in a presentable manner. Like for example...If we see an old monument and it has a dome at the top then it means it is a MUGHAL architecture. All what BRITISH Architectures created in India like MADRAS HIGH COURT, PARLIAMENT etc. is INDO SARCENIC STYLE. 
0 0 National portal should be launched with large publicity using news channels(because most people prefer it), Hindi newspapers(dainik bhaskar), English papers(TOI, The Hindu). Children watch cartoon channels like POGO and CARTOON NETWORK.This is for creating awareness with some item with rich history and way of presentation, mysterious and lesser known things. We Indians are always in awe with USA, EGYPT, SPAIN, ITALY, GERMANY. We need to showcase that India was the most sought after place. 
0 0 Sir, In Rajshthan there is a huge land that is not in use due to lack of water. This land is barren. So we should use this land to produce Power. There is a lot of opportunity. Alone Rajshthan can supply the power to other state also. 
0 0 Online bidding should be there for each and every item... the administrator can make the list of items to sell online and put minimum price... 
0 0 In this website we need to show the items with 3D view then only the visitors will get clear picture about the item and they will ready to buy. 
0 0 not simple display of elements but also use technology....attract viewers....and learners 
0 0 every museum must be in such a way that gives knowledge hand in hand with entertainment all age groups must njoy to learn about history ,one visit to museum must create enthusiasm to visit more and more .........must attract chidren( the future country handlers..........) 
0 0 Best idea! Many develop countries have this. 
0 0 I would like to request to all over India to stop the selling of GUTKHA, It's cause of cancer that we all know in GUTKHA is sold only in south asia, every day lot of famialy effected from this, before 1947 it was not made in INDIA. Please save the life of our country young blood 
0 0 like virtual museums, we want aslo virtual national library of India. plz consider the creation of national portal for virtual library of India 
0 0 virtual Museums is good ideas which increase the knowledge of our culture and history of India by making more no. of visitors to the Museums. Also making awareness to our people about their history. Virtual Museums should increase thirst of the artifacts knowledge to the people so that they can go museums know more 
1 0 Instead of going fully virtually, we can consider using Augmented Reality Technology in Museums, where by people can visit the museum and enjoy the animated view of the product or history of it. Can introduce Glasses with Augmented Reality, those are entering museum which will bring back the Museum to Life. As am working on making a Blue Print for such a concept, am confident, technology based museum, will give the past to the New Future generations which is also our duty. Thank you. 
0 0 virtual museum idea will be a welcoming concept along people.the important thing behind this is this should be properly maintained.it must be arranged department wise and in each dept all the things must be able view in a 3D manner clicking on it must give the full data about that.frequent updating should be done.try to make this to look somewhat natural otherwise this may look like a game not a museum.the movement operation must be very smooth through keys. 
3 0 Respected PM In my opinion virtual museum is an interesting concept. However, this can have both positive as well as negative impacts. On one hand it will be a really handy tool to showcase the national culture and heritage to the outer world, but at the same time, it might also result in drop in footfall at the museums. Hence the portal should be designed in such a way that it intrigues people to actually visit museums. Regards 
0 0 I feel creating virtual museum is a bad idea, present virtual world increasing the distances in real relationship this again will get repeated in this idea too, museum is a place which we have to visit directly and enjoy the beauty of the things seeing directly, the things as a mere picture on display the computer and many at a time will decrease the interest of a student they may not experience or appreciate the real importance and beauty of the things which he is seeing. 
0 0 Virtual Museums Should Show 3d view of each Historical Items ,Its Importance and Facts about that item. Virtual Museums must be Categorized to many divisions so user can navigate to sub division easier and Virtual Museums could be visited like google street view. 
1 0 there should be central authority for managing all museums and all artifacts should be indexed like uid (uniqe id) and all items should be listed state and citywise on website of national portal for virtual museums with pics and discription 
1 0 Virtual Museums will add a lot of value in terms of providing education to the students like never before. A description of an artifact with appropriate weblinks for further information on them, perhaps like Wikipedia will provide immense knowledge. This if developed with such an intent of a twin pronged strategy of consolidating all the content of museums and providing knowledge will work wonders and we can take imparting of such subject knowledge to a whole new level. 
0 0 it a good idea by this everybody came to know about our nations tradition 
0 0 More than concentrating in the proposed idea, it will be a little more better to think about to make a set up to reach to all renowned museums in India by online. It will help to record 100% visitors in front of the closed doors of museums.. 
0 0 This is a very good idea, but i would like to add that from the armed forces point of view we dont have anything that hightlights them in our country there is not much museums that shows what our heors have done, if we can add smt like a book in museum that says about the bravery of our heros who have died and done us proud in many a wars from 62 to 72 to 99 kargil i would really be happy that this country did smt for the poor men who is dying and doing duty 24x7 just for the people of india. 
1 0 We should think of creating digital infrastructure for all the Museums and start making 3D images for all Museums assets. With this asset we can start online virtual Museum right away where some nominal fee can help this project. This nominal fee will be utilized in maintaining and expanding the infrastructure required for these virtual museums and will grow over time and can be a great asset in future. #NationalMuseum, #VirtualMuseums, #MinistryofCulture, #MyGov - missed the TAGS 
0 0 definitely it is a wonderful Idea as in today's time youth don't have time to visit many places . but if it all will come virtual then it will be accessible  to youth. 
0 0 This is superb idea to promote our cultural heritage. Additionally, information snippet about each artifact or monuments detailing its history. Also, visiting hours and charges should be added and updated regularly. Downloadable pdfs of the artifacts with info. 
1 0 Dear PM Sir, I wish and Hope that your office is updating you on all the suggestions posted via different discussions on this portal. Sir, the idea of creating the Virtual Museum of India is great provided we incorporate a lot of details for the same: 1. It must give a 360 degree experience, not only visually but also as content 2. We must show case not only art & Architecture and artifacts but also culture. 3. Pl give life to dying art forms and artists 
0 0 I think this is a great idea as this will increase awareness and citizens can be aware of the hidden historical gems that otherwise they are not aware of.The website should create the historical facts related to the museum and also the visit timings, fees (if any), working days, etc. 
0 0 PM @narendramodi I want meet with you and discuss KCC (Kisan Credit Card), Generating Electricity (Without coal & uranium), EPF. 
1 0 1. Make virtual reality apps, this can be used with Google cardboard. 2. This app will provide 3D tour of #VirtualMuseums, also will allow to interact with artifacts. 3. Make the tour as a story with interactive narration. This will attract kids as well as youngsters. 4. Segregate the tour into categories Like Science, History etc. For ex. on history check this link about how old is Bhartiya Sabhyata. http://www.hinduism.co.za/oldest.htm#indusscript 
1 0 1. free dena band karo. free dekar nikkama bna rhe ho logo ko.before election ye free laptop cycle why ye rupee kha se aayega. jo log tax dete h unka paisa barbad kar rhe ho sirf political purpose k liye change law. 2. every law change time to time as per time, population ande frequency of crime and law made more hard no loose point.Hindustan m political party or ngo ki barmar h jo Desh k liye khatra h control karo.border ki secuirty par focus karo and military person ko facilities do jayada. 
1 0 Ram Ram Ji, 1. Agar corruption remove karna hai to sabse pahle logo ko sikhao jo vo bhul chuke h Hindustan se hum hai, na ki hum se Hindustan. 2. Media everytime one side show why control like that electricty nhi aati to media show karti hai but vo ye nhi show karti kitne % log electricity bill deposit karte hai. 3. Govt. employee everyday strike for salary but already moti pay le rha h change law and action. target set karo.hard working people ko motivate karo like as private company. 
2 0 1. Partner with Google maps for showcasing 3D view of these Museums. 2. have the pricing inbuilt in the portal so that people don't have to stand in queues for buying tickets which would reduce the time taken and increase the comfort of the tourist. 3. provide a bar-code type indicator near to an items kept in museum, scanning which would take me let's say a wiki page on the internet. 4. Provide contact numbers to reputed guide services which would be a good move for the foreigners 
1 0 Dear Mr. PM, It will be commendable task from Indian Govt to put our rich past and heritage to the world. It is to show the world about our advanced achievements in past in Medical, Science, Ayurvedas, Engineering, Academics and so on to put remarkable status of India. 
0 0 Sir, It is our glorious past it stand for not only for present India, but also our undivided India and above all for Indian Continent from middle of Asia to the end of Indian Ocean. So we have preserve it. 
0 0 The museum should depict our history. United India and all the states cultures, Kingdoms etc. It should be in such a way that once we visit we we will understand about India.Big leaders status etc can be plaed like Sathrapathy Shivaji, Mahathma Ghandi, Subhash chandra bose, Jansi ki Rani, Valla bai Patel, Vivekanandar , Bharathiyar etc 
0 0 Very new and innovative idea which makes every Indian proud of his culture, history and science 
0 0 The proposal of building first ever virtual museum in world in INDIA...is really a very attracting and fascinating idea... this project is also cost effective... I suggest dat each state can have its own virtual museum showcasing its own specialities...like music, dance form, famous food , various places of the state... Did will act as an guide for ol da visitors of the place...and will not only boost up tourism sector but also educational sector... 
0 0 It would be Awesome trip to past through this portal. history will be interesting to students through this visualisation. I WELCOME THIS NATIONAL PORTAL. 
0 0 Very consistent with PM's vision of Digital India. People can easily access info and images easily and inexpensively. I welcome this project. 
0 0 Regarding Swatch Bharat can we not introduce COLLECTIVE fining for a locality or street so that out of fear of a fine neighbours will; not acquiesce some body making nuisance or throwing rubbish. Also initiate BEST LOCALITY AWARDS. This will definitely spur good activity-Dr.P.V.Jois 
1 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modiji, i would like to share one thing that whatever scheme for the welfare of rural people is launched by you or your government does not reach to them even they don't know. Resulted loss of finance and ur hardwork and people r living as usual. they have expected more from u. My suggestion is: (a) Organised a rally and make them aware about scheme because people must come in ur rally. at least those are which r totally backwardness. (b) Through MANN KI BAT 
0 0 Modi jee, please make RND bridge in between industries & institute to make many power electronics project for small and big industries . i can represent my view if give chance. regard upender gupta 09313020244 ( power electronics engineer) 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी मैने स्वचछ भारत मिशन के बारे मेँ लिखा हेl जो किसी न किसी प्रकार से देश के हित मेँ ही होगा, ओर मेने उसे प्रधानमंत्री कार्यालय मेँ तीन हफ्ते पहले भेजा थाl लेकिन अभी तक उसका कोई जवाब नहीँ आया हेl यदि स्वचछ भारत मिशन को सफल बनाना हे तो उसे जरुर पढ़ेँ और उसका उत्तर भी दे ताकि आगे अपने विचार आपके सामने रख सकूँl (कृष्ण मुरारी) 
0 0 Showcasing of articles belonging to National Museum or National Archives in a much holistic and virtual way shall make our awareness and understanding level about Indian History, Culture, Architecture, Education and Religion stronger. Many people in his lifetime to not get time, resource and opportunity to visit & see physically such museums. It is therefore making plan to get then digitally presentable is exemplary. Many congratulations to Govt. of India a Wishes for success to this mission. 
0 0 नमस्ते sir आप से निवेदन है कि आप हमारे देश में सरकारी कर्मचारी को सही काम बताये और उनेह कार्य को पूरा करने का आदेश जारी करे ताकि हमारा देश में विकास हो 
1 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
2 0 Portal for virtual museums must necessary but physically its also same necessery to protect all such historical monuments in our territory to educate the coming young future generation in a mythological society. 
0 0 Virtual museam may create interest of people in historical places and heritage of india.it can boost tourism which indirectly boost our economy which is need of hour 
1 0 बेटी को बचाना है तो दहेज़ को अपराध घोषित करें सिर्फ बातों से कूच नहीं होता 
1 0 #NationalMuseum #VirtualMuseums #MinistryofCulture #MyGov we should add 3 d pictures in it 
1 0 जब नशा मुक्त भारत होगा तभी छोटे छोटे गाव तरकी करेंगे 
0 0 गावो में पानी की कमी 
0 0 we should make a national tourism Guide. There are many places of interest that could attract tourists but packaging is missing. departments like tourism should have professioanls from the marketing field.government recruits only people of certain age. its ok for routine jobs like.for marketing and development oriented departments like tourism, professionals of any age can be useful.smaller countries make so  much on tourism and our country which has a huge potential is not able to do it. 
0 0 it is a very good idea. it will encourage tourism also. 
0 0 If we create virtual museum it saves time and money in many ways. We can't bother about theft of valuables. We can watch without travelling and much expenditure. But we may miss the naturality. 
0 0 Namaste sir ji.. We have to make our future generations(students or children ) respect our past by showing them our richest cultures. We have to make them know the value of our past or our ancestors by giving them tasks to do clay models like that. Then they can understand that how our ancestors built those monuments in those days without any technology. 
0 0 Provied all historical data for students. Making one block for school student can visit in musem one time in a month. Collge student  can come here for case study 
1 0 #VirtualMuseums Great work! Connect it to schools and colleges through internet and promote research and analysis in history..best way to learn history is to visit it!! 
0 0 Respected PM Sri  Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Amit Namdeo0 sec ago Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Before having such a museum, please consider this post.  We have the oldest calendar in the world The Hindu calender ( The kali varsha). But Europeans and after Independence those submissive to European culture recognised only Saka and Vikramaditya calenders which are of later or near about origin as Gregorian calendar. First we should recognise Kali Varsha calendar for official purposes.  we are in 5116 and nearing the begining of 5117.  Please recognise the same and make it official calendar. 
0 0 our PM sir , we have just celebrated international women's day.i suggest about women who doing job and travelling in busses,train to perform duty at office 25 to 100 kms away from home.govt must give relaxation to consider their transfer applications immediately as per her convenience irrespective of state boundary. THANKS SIR 
0 0 making of such portal is undoubtedly a better effort to promote our culture,values and heritage that we carry as national of India.It would be mesmerizing for the world when they came to know that a country with almost every prevailing religion of the world stands united when it comes for the fame of their India.But, I would like to request you to pay emphasis on everything from making to managing of such portal.. 
0 0 #virtualmuseums Each and every objects in museum should contain a vast discription on that object on that and its history. It must make compulsory to the included members to read about atleast a fixed number of things at a particular time period. This will increase the reading capacity. 
1 2 Respected Modi Sir , Today when i go for book my Gas Cylinder i got message that i can't book my gas cylinder (Reason is that i not booked cylinder since last six month i.e.180 days) it is really surprised me that what a rule . one side we are trying to fulfill the requirement of LPG Gas and black mailing of LPG Gas and one side are forcing to Customer black the Gas . please change this rule with immediately effect. they blocked my account also. 
0 0 Sir maine ek letter 07 Jan-2015 ko aap ke pate par bheja tha lekin shyad aap ne nahi padha.letter me kuch sujhav diya gaya tha jisse bahut se buriyo pe rok lagaya ja sakta hai. Letter Yuva Kalyan Samity ki taraf se tha (Mau) U.P. vIVEKA NAND  MISHRA 
1 0 Suggestion On E - Library . Data base is created online & series of book are available through. Where every body can Read through & easily accesible.. App can be created for the same with All data base of books...which any body wants to read & create knowldege. 
0 1 we need the worlds largest budhha statue in india.coz budhha is symbol of silent, development @ progress. china, japan rasia is very devloped countri coz of there budhha. these are thousand of idea. we will learn them. 
0 0 LETTER IS ATTACHED BELOW 
0 0 LETTER IS ATTACHED BELOW 
0 0 it should contain India's ancient,medieval and modern accomplishments both historical and scientific. people need to know more about our rich heritage and culture. it can create sense of awareness and can be highly motivational for the young generation. 
1 0 THE FIRST THING THAT INDIA NEEDS IS A NATIONAL PORTAL TO TRACK CRIME AND CORRUPTION. WITHOUT THAT HOW CAN WE REDUCE ALL ATROCITIES IN THE SOCIETY? 
0 0 Good idea, but WHY MODI GOVT HAS NOT INITIATED 'rashtriya yudh smarak' PROMISED IN MANIFESTO. all issues of soldiers, like one rank one pension, yudh smarak, non functional upgradation in military like civilians, public places naming on martyrs,  have been sent to deep freeze. 25 lakhs ex-soldiers + 15 lakh serving-soldiers, comes to 2 Cr votes. modi ji, sainiks will not vote for BJP in future elections for this cheating. Good speeches dont deliver victories, has been proved in delhi elections 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 It can be subdivided into various categories also. a massive database would be a great pride and would be very cheaply accessible. 
0 0 we need to be close with them but also be stood in side of Russia so I just wanted to request u that Mr. Prime to consider Russia in our priority and also improve our Defense more faster to combat China 
0 0 Hello!! Mr. Prime I'm here to talk about our national security." As of now we have done very well in our foreign policy with countries like U.S.A. and Japan , but what I'm concern about is our real friend Russia who supports us when on other country does . I'm absolutely agree that we need U.S.A. to improve our society because it is also a great country with peoples diversity and Japan with Traditional values But for real picture our foreign diplomatic enemies like china as well as U.S.A. ..... 
0 0 virtual museums need of india to discover cultur and history 
0 0 Sir, this will add to the armamentarium of teachers who with net access can make teaching of history more interesting & probably accurate, rather than the lopsided history eulogising invaders. Viewing of galleries & manuscripts can be free, downloading of research material should be charged, this will help in maintaining the site & contribute to upkeep of the museums. Annual quiz contests,light & sound shows, sculpture, mural & painting appreciation / preservation classes can also be held online 
0 0 Virtual museum is a great thinking through which people will be able to see many ancient art and cultures from their home and also will gain knowledge about these ancient valuable things. Also it may increase tourism of those places as if people liked to see the virtual museum,they may go to that museum which will Increase tourism and give rise to national Income 
0 0 Virtual Museums have to be made live and every corner of the museum is covered virtually so that people can view museum by setting at there homes by just a  click away.It moves in 360 degree.Whole history of every religion can be made available in virtual museum. Best wishes for making of virtual museum. 
0 0 National Portal of Virtual Museums of India is a great idea. We can also add the great structures of ancient India in this portal, all the information about the ancient buildings can be uploaded, so that it may increase the flow of tourism in India.. 
0 0 The virtual museum concept is really very excellent. All the persons , who are not able to visit various places of India , may not only know about rich heritage of India , but also may enjoy by virtual visit to tourist places of India. The virtual museum show can also be organised in city theatres with 3D effects , So that people can enjoy Museums of National & International fame in their own city at a very nominal cost & like a guided tour. 
0 0 APP NAME:"KNOWS EVERYONE" #INFORMATION:1.complaint to government.2.knows general news in the world.3.telecommunication with higher official officer. #BROADCASTING:1.highly sensational videos are updating this application.2.online journey time and ticket details. 
1 0 1. site should be user friendly. 2.it should be categorized in a precisely manner like  age group-> field -> period. 3. URL should be attached with the image. it will helps to read about the object or picture. 4.concession in cost for accessing the website  only for those are from school, college and research as a base. 5. audio clipping describing about the art objects should be linked. so that everyone can gain knowledge. 6.suggestions and complain column must be there in website 
1 0 #Virtual Museums- viewing videos of museums. 
0 0 #Virtual Museum These video clippings should take the visitor on a virtual tour of the museum. However, a visit to the virtual museum should not be free. A fees should be charged online through credit/debit cards and internet banking and should be the same which is charged when visiting the museum physically. e.g. if Rs 100 is charged as entry fee for visiting the Salar Jung Museum, Hyderabad, the same should be charged during an online visit. An additional fee may be charged for 
0 0 #Virtual Museums e.g. Salar Jung Museum, Hyderabad, National Museum and Toilet Museum Delhi, Indian Museum, Kolkata etc. The website should be designed in a user friendly manner to ensure maximum information while browsing online and may include: 1. Type of museum 2. Year of establishment 3. History of the museum etc. The information regarding each museum should be available state and city wise and if possible, should also include audio-visual clippings of the particular museum. 
0 0 Creating an online repository of museums is a great and novel way to display our rich cultural heritage, making easily accessible the history and culture of our country especially before the youth. In this sense it is also a great learning experience. Those interested in visiting ancient sites for tourism purposes but are unable to do so for various reasons will find it more attractive. Museums of all types and categories should be made available on the portal. 
0 0 Excellent idea. Care to be taken that if anybody download photos of the museum or its items,  the downloaded photo should NOT carry / attached security related links / properties like location coordinates,  time, etc 
1 0 Main Auditorium : Pockets for Major Cities !! Ground Floor : Connection with "Main Auditorium" where "user" click on "Objects" for e.g. "Image of Shri Kashi Vishwanath" .. which takes him/her to "Detailed Pictorial View of Temple" as well as "Bharat Mata Image, with details" (refer "Bharat Mata Mandir, Varanasi) First Floor : Gallery of Spiritual Places Second Floor : Gallery of Ganga Ghats (With their detailed Info) Third Floor : Gallery of Art/Music/Education sector 
0 0 Front page to have India Map and to select the state to enter and check the museum in particular state. List of museum names and Fame in generated 2nd page. On selecting the Particular museum name the complete details like starting date, on going process, open time, list of objects available in museum etc.. 
0 0 I WANT TO ISSUE ADHAR CARD IN MY AREA 
0 0 AGAR BLACK MONEY BAND KARNA HAI TO .500 & 1000 RS NOTE BAND KAR DIJIYE FOR TWO MONTH,AND BOLIYE KI EK DAM KE LIA BAND HO RAHA HAI.GRAN-TEED KAAM HOGA 
0 0 Implement some cutting edge technologies like SVG, HTML5 with 3D/WebGL rendering to show all the artificats of the Museums. The Site should provide knowledge and also give bood background information. This should come from Reputed Universities. One should tap ads on the site to get necessary funding for the site and the site and its maintenance should be self sustainable. Site should provide info like wikipedia and cross link articles. 
2 0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Art_Project google can help, they have implemented similar concept 
0 1 We should convert by videotaping and photographing the actual museums of India to be part of  virtual Museum, but before that we need to upgrade actual museums so that it will become better presentation of India on virtual show. please ask all private real museums owners also to participate on portal to increase better contents of our rich culture. 
0 0 Ekta Forum Bal Kalyan, Mahila Kalyan, Samajik Samanwaya tatha Rashtriya Ekta aur Akhandta ke liye Karyakram Ayojit Krti Hai Kanya Brun Hatya Jaise Apradh ko Rokne Ke liye " Beti Bachao Beti Padao Yojna Ke Antargat LAdli Marriage Yojna Chlayi Ja rhi Hai. Jisme 0-5 yrs Ki sabhi ladkiyon ko protsahit krne ke liye sanshtha dwara ladli suraksha Card pradan kr sammanit kiya jata hai jis se Kanya Brun Hatya Jaise Apradhon ko Roka Ja ske. Dr. M.A. Khan Chairman Ekta Forum Delhi 
0 2 sir aap desh kay hit mey bahut aacha kaam kar rahe hai magar kya hum dumka waalo kay liye es rail budget mey kuch v nahi milla aakir hum kab train sey kolkatta jayenge kab hum train kisi dushre city mey jayeng sir ps sir 
2 0 3d view of artificates shall be given rather than image scrolling 
0 0 sir you done worked well but sir please give some focus on poor students also who belong to General cast. sir it is fact that A General can also Poor. 
0 0 Dear Sir,i want to say some thing about our farmer why we not give the direct fertilizer subsidy in to there bank account.If in our country 20 crore farmer we give direct subsidy to in there account rs.10,000 then total amount is 2 Lac Crore per year.It is Guaranty those 20 crore farmer not suicide and they leave better life. 
1 0 ITS necessary to know the past history and technology to create new....adding history in a virtual museum is quite interesting.... 
0 0 PF अधिकतर लोग बेटी की शादी के लिए निकलते है अगर एक बेटी की शादी PF से करो तो दूसरी की शादी फिर PF से करने के लिए करने के लिए पांच साल पुरे होने का इंतजार करो| ये ही सर्विस क्लास का सहारा है वरन कोई अपना बुडापा खराब नहीं करता| http://money.bhaskar.com/news-hf/MON-PERS-RET-tax-on-premature-pf-withdr... 
0 0 सफ़ाई अभियान के लिये कचरा डिब्बा या कमरा नहीं है सोनीपत रेलवे स्टेशन पर इसलिए लोग कचरा इधरउधर फेंक देते हं. अतः आपसे अनुरोध है कि इसकी व्यवस्था कि जाऐ. 
0 0 India is Karma boomi..and Lord Krishna has advocated Karma yogam for this land;When we bring Virtual museum, it will cut karmas, generation of employment dependent on that etc..Instead, we can have a portal for museums, where, we should have online lectures, which will create thirst to see them; Also, we can post books which people can read about the museum and history of the items there.Live TV like earthcam we can have for some natural spots, traffic,city etc. not for museum. 
0 0 I think that this is most important and marvellous idea to give proper knowledge of our country to  coming generation of the youth. Which will to understand the real history of India as well as the world. Which make them feel proud to our country. 
0 4 I don't think so virtual museum is a good idea. Its very bad idea. If we are so proud of our culture and heritage than we need real thing . we can just make one unique think rather than thinking about total unreal scenario. 
2 0 Now a days corruption were developed all over the world.so,it can be controlled only by young generation.Mr.Narendra modi said that citizen to develop a new indian google mobile application.so in my thought who will involve to member this app directly any information pass through the government.How will improve this system?In my suggestion, 1.ANTI-CORRUPTION,If anybody can see corruption you install this app and to share complient with the government and this complient can processed quickly. 
0 0 सर, इसका एक स्लोगन हो--जनता के लिए जनता के साथ, App का प्रतीक--भारत के मैप जो तिरंगा के रंग का हो, उसमे एक-एक टाइगर,कमल,बरगद,हॉकी और अशोक चक्र के साथ गंगा नदी भी हो। -Android,window etc. में उपलब्ध हो,और जिसे सरल और सुगम तरीके से साथ ही  कम स्पीड में भी प्रयोग में लाया जा सके -लगभग सभी भाषाओँ में हो, एक टॉल फ्री नंबर भी हो -समय-समय पर आप इस पर प्रतिक्रिया दें -24×7 समय अपडेट हो -सभी मंत्रालयों की योजनाओं का पूरा विवरण उपलब्ध हो. -जिनका मोबाइल नंबर रेजिस्टर्ड हो उनको सन्देश द्वारा हौसला 
2 0 Museums electricity should be come from solar energy..the architect design of museum should be like a heritage place design ..not like colourful building...and their should also services for handicaped persons... 
1 0 TO HAVE VIRTUAL MUSEUMS: We will need to develop high end Virtual Reality & Augmented Reality Applications & Cost Effective Visualization Devices. To have fully immersive systems that can give user a feel of actual presence haptics technology should be incorporated. Various customized data control and acquisition devices will be required along with good transmission technologies. Holographic technology can be an integral part. To give a reality experience high end graphics systems is must. 
2 0 There should be a separate website hosted and dedicated for virtual museums. Site should be speedy and attractive one. Easy searching of the contents should be made. The museums can be sorted in order of name of the state or by popularity. Voting can be made for each museum in the website. Their history and specialities are to be mentioned. It show only the attraction parts and not other places as a matter of security. It's location on maps, direction, routes to reach the place.#NationalMuseum 
3 0 TO HAVE VIRTUAL MUSEUMS: We will need to develop high end Virtual Reality & Augmented Reality Applications & Cost Effective Visualization Devices. To have fully immersive systems that can give user a feel of actual presence haptics technology should be incorporated. Various customized data control and acquisition devices will be required along with good transmission technologies. Holographic technology can be an integral part. To give a reality experience high end graphics systems is must. 
1 0 Minimum punishing law must be there if somebody passes urine & stool on public places to protect the health of good citizens. Opposition can not say anything 
1 0 1. The exhibition trains such as Vivekananda Express, Science express and others also could be featured as part of this virtual museum. So that who missed the opportunity to visit them could be able to get the experience of those exhibition trains. This would be helpful to the students also. 2. The Currency Museum of RBI also could be featured as part of this portal. 3. The new portal could have links to stamp collection / old,new coin collecting procedures and related site links could be added. 
1 0 # Virtual Museum It sud be prepared statewide as well as category wise so that it can help to generate the revenue in case any real auction is to be done.along with that the historical places shud be included in it so that it can help to increase the tourism in India 
1 0 This is a wonderful idea, it will increase the curiosity and eagerness towards our young friends and children's. It is a golden step in revolutionary change in the education system. I suggest that the content should be more realistic and it maintain the natural environment of the monument or sculpture, etc. It shld be more advance and I think the technology should be more user friendly.  360○ technology should be use in it. The information shld be accessible easily. #MyGov 
1 0 I guess this is awesome idea. As the information on the protel increases everyone will keen to take the experience. I wish there could be human avtar too who explore all the places. 
2 0 The virtual Display of the Gems of Indian Culture & Art and object of the historic importance should be in 3D format.The criterion of display may be broadly classified chronologically as well as geographically. 
1 0 past (history) teach us values of life & this initiative may be one of its kind all the best... 
0 0 nice idea to connect India. 
1 0 Nice,  mobile app can also be made based on virtual museum. 
1 0 a digitalized data of history and archieves, access to data from culture heritage it will boost tourism.. 
1 0 awesome idea ,a platform to connect with history and heritage of india .portal should be easily accesible by each part of our population from child to a senior citizen.. 
0 0 Please design the virtual museum on the lines of Google Cultural Institute. Click on the following link for better understanding. I think they have designed it in the best way possible without compromising on the UX part. https://www.google.com/culturalinstitute/home 
1 0 My humble request to PM is that push UN to make 'RamaSetu' (Rama's Bridge) a world heritage site. since its the oldest known man-made bridge. make sure It is called 'Ram's Bridge' not 'Adam's Bridge'  (known today by rest of the world- even in Wikipedia.org). the western nations are purposefully changing India's own heritage and make it their's; like number system, calenders and astronomy etc. Biggest example today is they are renaming Surya Namaskara(a yoga practice) to Jesus namaskara. 
1 0 Before creating Virtual Museum a thorough study of particular part of the country/state can be done by locals and their feedback must be utilized. By taking the response of locals it will be very easy to display local food habits, famous monuments and famous cultural hobbies of that particular place. By doing this we can capture the attention of tourists very easily. 
1 0 Virtual Museums should be segregated on the basis of geographical importance / state wise. Not only historical things and monuments, but also the classical dance/ music of particular place should also be the part of the virtual Museum. Even Food variety, the famous recipes, habitual food & dressings should be displayed. 
2 0 #interaction we need to open access online library especially in which all the Indian culture specification books, historical figures related to all the religions book, Indian literature , famous personalities, ancient Indian history and many more. 
0 0 >>Pros: Poor, Oldage & Hospitalized people who couldn't able to see those can see through virtual Museum. >>Cons: Tourisim based economy / livelihoods of near by those museum will be demolished. >>Solution: For that government should utlised there Products to sell in online where the virtual museums published page itself. it will enhance there business 
0 0 How does one make these virtual museums(for the time being I am assuming they are designed well, and have excellent content)become the gold standard for all to use? My suggestion is for the Department of Museums to sponsor a TV reality show that shows the excitement of a race by  4 teams of celebrities as they traverse across the hundreds of small and big museums in India to unravel some hidden treasure in one of the museums. Each episode will advertise the virtual museum for viewers to use. 
2 0 Sir this portal is a welcome step to project our culture globally.The portal shall have separate links for Paintings ,art, images of architecture etc. There shall be a portal for state that portrays the cultural diversity of states.Sale of various artistic works,handicrafts can be done  through auction. 
1 0 It is urgent that we need to create an  Archive of original Indian literature and sciences for public reference and also need a system to curb circulation of false information  and spurious literatures. 
1 0 Preservation of Indian Culture is of utmost importance to save our Nation from the control of foreign agencies. The original sciences and literature related to Indian traditions are being undermined in an organised way through publishing and circulating of altered false twisted information. It is urgent that we need to create an  Archive of original 
1 0 Sir, give a unique ID number to each antiquities stored in all the museums and digitize them. Take their photograph and upload in a site like IGNCA. This will prevent our antiquities being stolen and also give an identity to all our antiquities and sculptures, so that our future generation can relish them and take pride in their past. 
1 0 Sir, a novel effort that will lead to greater interest in our hoary past. It needs 1.ease of access 2.should be well curated with sufficient explanatory notes & audio overview 3.digitised palm leaf manuscripts should be linked to associated research works / commentaries 4.sculptures should be 3D enabled for better viewing 5.separate gallery for temple architecture can be considered 6.Shilp shastra with links to artisans / artist villages 7.site for ordering manuals / artefacts on sale. 
1 0 1. The virtual museum could add concept oriented topics such as ancient Architecture of India.The Indian ancient temples has very ancient stone Architecture of unique style.This also could become a part of the Virtual Museums, so that the architecture students across the world could be benefited.  2.Unique Private art galleries such as Kasthuri Sreenivasan Trust art gallery and textile museum in TN (http://kasthurisreenivasanartgallery.com/) also could be featured in these virtual museums... 