Oil and Gas is a key primary energy resource, fulfilling about 40% of country’s energy demand. The major sectors of economy which utilize Oil & Gas are Transport, Industry, commercial buildings and agriculture. Our country is currently importing over 75% crude oil to met domestic consumption. Therefore, generating awareness among the consumers about judicious use of petroleum products is a National initiative. The daily consumers can realize that by adopting simple conservation measures they can minimize wastage of fuel in day to day life and save substantial cost.   
To promote conservation of petroleum products and environment protection in the country, MOP&NG in the year 1991 took the initiative to celebrate Oil Conservation Week (OCW) every year throughout the country. Encouraged by the tremendous success of campaign, w.e.f. the year 2004, this event is being observed as “Oil & Gas Conservation Fortnight (OGCF). With the involvement of all the Oil & Gas companies, State Govt., Transport Corporations, NGOs, this nation-wide campaign has eventually become very effective tool in creating and spreading awareness among the masses about the importance of conservation of petroleum products in the country.
During this 15 day period, a large number of activities like technical seminars, symposiums, quiz, painting competitions, mass / cycle rallies, marathons, human chain, etc. are arranged for the propagation of Oil and Gas conservation message amongst the major consuming sectors. Every year, the functions and events are held at Delhi, state Capitals, District and towns.
This year also, it is proposed to celebrate this OGCF (2015), from 16th to 31st January; with new / innovative activities connecting various target groups and common people. 
PCRA invites suggestions from all citizens about the conservation activities which can result in better outreach and involvement of common consumers so that they develop greater responsibility towards Oil & Gas conservation.
Last date for sending your suggestions is 20th December, 2014.
