1 Salute to our soldiers who are there to protect us so we can live peacefully and can celebrate our festivals... Thanks a lot ...Happy Diwali...
1 very happy dipawali to all soldiers of INDIAN ARMY,INDIAN AIR FORCE ,INDIAN NAVY,BSF, ITBP,CISF, we mutch proud of you .we have our lifes because of you the brave ones.
1 We need rescue teams in all districts.Each with storage & production facility to produce 3 lac foods 3 times a day for up to 10 days.Each should have helipads also.All should be automated so less than 4 members can produce food.Local people must also trained to  use the facility.Produce meal maker based vegetable biriyani &water pocket,biscuit & milk. Keep storage of dried vegetables,milk powder,rice,produce water using solar powered pumps. Keep fuel for both helicopter and other as backup.
1 Dear PM, My suggestions for income tax in the next budget:- 01. Reduce the age limit to 75 years to be qualified as super senior citizen and increase the exemption to Rs.7.5 lacs from 6 lakhs. 02. Increase senior citizen (60 to 75 years) limit to Rs.500,000 03. Increase general category limit to Rs.350,000 04. Revise slabs as (1)Rs. 3.5 to 7 lakhs 10%, 7 to 15 lacs 20%, above 15 lakhs 30%.
1 My views about the duty: Our country being source of spirituality, have enough scriptures talking about duty. Focus on action and be ready to face the result either expected or otherwise. More than understanding from scriptures, we have enough examples from our life. My sons Mridangam Guru is a blind by Birth, retired AIR artist. At the age of 60 plus, learnt to operate touch mobile, laptop,learning veena and trying to teach young students.Our servant maid at 60 very regular&highly dedicated
0 Prime Minister, is this a form of systematic slow murder of lawabiding learned citizen by PM & Govt.? https://goo.gl/bZVCFq https://twitter.com/PrabhuBritto/status/682090263293001728
1 Dear PM Sir, please ask big entrepreneurs/ big business men to develop 50 villages by each. India will only grow when villages will develop.
1 sir..i am an engineering passout .there is large clashing of national exams on regular basis.due to this problem students drop their exams and opportunities as well.GATE2016 exam and SSC JE exams are clashing on 31st jan. 2015.pls pay attention on this problem.i will be so thankful.
1 we clean Kashi station and near areas from last two week. at kashi railway station we did not find a single tap for wather and no sentry facility for passenger. do the needful for all. contact Divya Shukla 9721172582
1 What for members of parliament get salary and other facilities.to make hangama or to do some work for the public.
1 I don't understand why Kolkata Municipality allow encroachment of pavement/footpath by shopkeepers who put up beches, chairs for customers, display their saleable commodities like fan furniture, Coca-Cola crates, flexi signboards, parked motor cycles. Both KMC inspectors and Police are indifferent to  pedestrians' right to walk safely on footpath.  WHY IS CIVIC ADMINISTRATION SO CALLOUS? Politicians do nothing beyond getting votes. No service, no commitment.
1 One suggestion for railways: For every fast or super fast train there should be a chair car bogie for short distance(time- 5-6hrs) traveler. So that they should not occupy sleeper class. In this way we can increase the seats of train as well as comfortable for long distance traveler. Thanks Deepan
1 "No Child left behind"--Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat;It is now scientifically established that people who know more than two languages have much greater cognitive abilities; Knowing more languages,being able/read/write/sing in different Indian languages must be awarded at every district level,then competition to state level and across states to national level--Shresht bharatiya Award
1 Myself Brahm Dutt Sharda, I have been doing research on the topic of agriculture waste burning in the fields and I have come up with a solution in the form of a project which I am attaching here. This project alongwith eliminating the menace of agriculture waste burning also tackles with the issues of making India clean and green by controlling the emitted pollution and also generates huge employment opportunities.
0 my views on Traffic Jam Problems in all Indian cities with our Prime Minister...
1 TRAI differancial prise by service provider, I want to suggest that, any price taken lower than specified should be accepted,but, there should be restriction of any additional or hidden charges by way of scheme or for any additional benefit provided to customer. so, that, service provider can expand the network by competition, which will be benifited to the customer for lower price of services, and also to service provider for getting large and mass market at lower margin go nutralise profit.
1 Respected PM, PLEASE MAKE CREATIVE IDEAS FOR MANAGING SOLID WASTES ESPECIALLY PLASTICS... WHICH WILL HELP "SWATCH BHARATH MISSION".ALSO DEVELOP SHORT AND SIMPLE IDEAS FOR SWATCH BHARAT MISSION UNDER DIFFERENT CATEGORIES. 1. CLEANLINESS STARTS FROM INDIVIDUAL'S MIND-"FOR INDIVIDUAL" 2. CLEANLINESS CODE FOR A FAMILY 3. CLEANLINESS CODE FOR OFFICE 4.CLENLINESS CODE FOR PUBLIC PLACES
1 In mann ki baat on 27 dec.15, Good wishes for new year & for Christmas, further, precuations and awareness about the save of environment & efforts made by India at international level including solar energy which is useful to people and proud of India for world leadership in solar field.Clean India is also part of clean environment, hence, people and state govt. support for extra care for dust and garbage free street. Woman security and GST bill efforts by govt. should be recalled to people.
1 The  solution to the Metropolitan city like Delhi’s traffic congestion  by the Delhi state govt of odd and even formula plying of vehicles is under severe objections from the various social groups and the society itself. However, the project is underway with many permutation and combinations. It may work or not the time will tell but chances are less.It is in the continuation to my earlier submitted view 10 days before
1 the decision taken by the government of Haryana, on the qualification of GRAM PRADHANS ,is appreciable. but many other state governments need to take similar decision for the development of villages.
1 #cleanindia I think one of the best idea for clean India is to involve police and security personal in this section my plan is as follows 1. we all know one/group police man/men allotted an area for patrolling, govt swachh abhiyan k lia paise kharch karti h besumar, Agar wohi police man ko bolajaye k apne apne area clean rakhne k jeema unke h and ek competition arrange kara jaye k jiske area jyada clean hoga wo police bala ko prize k sath milega and salary increase hoga
1 Solar panels are huge source as seen from the past. Why not to make villages electricity independent saving cost of actual electricity bills for villagers and goverments electricity cost. For Ex: An average house in village will not need more than 5000 KW pwr everyday considering 10 people each. This will need 25 solarpanels of 200 W pwr costing 18000 each which will be 4,50,000 Rs. Considering a village of 10000 people will need 20 - 40 Crores of Solar panels to make village electroindependent.
1 Dear  Mr Mddiji. You have shown your spiritual strength and egolessnes by visit to Pak. Please apply this to soniagandhi and opposition.Though it is not needed, you can address parliament often for sometime on various unnecessary issues raised by  congress to stall parliament.Only by spiritual way you can win over  opposition. Criticizing congress for their past work to justify BJP's work will not do . Let your spoke persons not do that .
1 a blind school for girls in chhearta amritsar on road to attari ahead of gndu university saw 18 girl blind children and 4blind teachers who live in a residential school premises sustaing without any govt help or funds plight very bad and poor bibi ahilan netraheen andvidhalaya require help from govt and the ngos    should help these destitute children jai hind
1 Public using plastic carry bag due to affordable,comfortable,weight carry capacity,sustainable,chiep,etc. reason for use,but,it can be change by alternative carry bag of cloths or paper, which is affordable,comfortable,weight carring capacity,price,sustainability, if better,people always ready to change,e.i., public are now using NOKIA 3310 MODEL  to smart phone only due to above factor,the appropriate alternative should be given to public for comfortable and easy change in system. Best wishes
1 R/SIR MY REQUEST IS TO START THE NATIONAL TV CHANNEL ON JUDICIARY SYSTEM LIKE THE AGRICULTURE CHANNEL. IT WILL BE HUGE BENEFIT IN NATION INTEREST. ANY ONE CAN TAKE SUGGESTION FROM CHANNELS.
1 I would request Government to encourage cinema actors and fans group to encourage their fans to construct toilets at crowded areas like markets, hospitals and small heavy crowded railway stations.I would request Government to mandate toilets at shopping areas.
1 Respected sir I wanted to speak about LPG gas,many people are suffering from lpg bursting many people lost their life in bursting gas ,can you plz suggest the cylinder makers to make a new innovation to attached a censor system in cylinder hope that can save life.plz think sir..
1 Demonetization help/rescue for NRIs *not* traveling back home till June 2017: Demonetization is a very good and necessary move to curb tax evasion, terrorism, and other grave concerns facing India, but please have Indian Consulates in USA accept demonetized INR currency notes after valid document verification. We have hard-earned INR here in USA under the legal limit, but we don't plan to travel back home till next year, so this money will be lost. Please help, thank you.
1 Dear PM Sir, Expecting big announcement on Black money. all black money holders exchanged their money with new currency. at present if you announce ban of 2000 notes. it will be very useful to nation and poor people. focus on former and unemployed youth. they are the man power of India. and focus on Bankers who are supporting black money holders. focus on school education, who wants to govt job they has to study up to 12th class in govt schools. and change the slabs on Income Tax.
1 Respected P M Sir, Good Morning Now it is fact that the Government Primary Schools are doing their job as per the need of child education, majority of primary school teachers are not responsible against their duties, and another side private schools they have already created financial burden over the parents on the name of education however in the private schools their exploitation of parents not only the parents they are also exploiting to the educated unemployed youth.
1 Honorable PM Narendra Modi, As we are witnessing heavy snowfall in J&K and near LOC area, we are facing challenges and life risks for our soldiers protecting our borders. In recent times, many soldiers KIA due to avalanches. So, I would like to suggest that these soldiers must be provided by GPS unit for each individual specially one who are in Avalanche-prone areas, so that timely rescue is possible.
1 Respected PM Narendra Modi Sir, The admission process in medical colleges is faulty if entrance is on national level which consists of same paper on same date&time so why there is regional division of states In Maharashtra Rest of Maharashtra region which have more colleges students from that region secure more seats in less marks and students from other region that is Vidarbha&Marathwada secure less seats even having higher marks so please remove region quota #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov
1 Sir I am a chemistry teacher in OM Interntional School ,narnaul,Haryana.sir I think that if we teachers work like a true teacher we can motivate our students to become anything they want in the world. I am confident that my students will become such personalities on which India will feel proud .I also think that there will be no need of tuitions if we teachers motivate the students along with studies to achieve there goals. Motivation can do miracles. I strongly believe.
1 Teachers must act as Lord Krishan in lives of their students and motivate Arjuns ( Students ) to work without tension of results of success or failure. To students - I would like to suggest , be hard-workers and honest. Do not copy or imitate others , try to create something in any field. Observe , learn , listen , read , play , contemplate as much as you can. Respect time , respect elders. Albert Einstein had said that "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new".
1 Sir, One nation one education policy must be implemented like GST one nation one tax, this will not only enhance better education and will also unite us as one country. As children are messengers of tomorrow & carry all thoughts & teachings of yesterday to shape up their present & hence make their believe & thoughts. If we incorporate right teachings at primary & secondary level into minds of children about their leaders & country in early stages of life that ideas & believes remain till end.
1 Jai Hind Jai Bharat . Jai JAWAN Jai KISSAN. Maan ki baat hon'ble modi ji Everyone from Ashoka to Atal Bhari Vajpayee lack to India Become To first in all accept . Modi ji you don't repeat history one again . We all learn form history and create Bhart as sona ki chidiya . Jai Hind Jai Bharat Har har mahadev
1 Hello ! Some time back I was trying to find educational videos on youtube to teach my younger brother some concepts of mathematics and that's when I came across ExamFear.com They have all the CBSE content for free available on their website and youtube channel. I think it will help many other students :)
1 'Manifestation of divinity' as explained by Swami Vivekananda means understand one's aptitude towards a subject,gain confidence to express new ideas and acquire the skill to put them to good use. However the reality in India  is; marks really matter. Education transforms  students into 'mark scoring machines'. Therefore begin by  answering old question papers. Refer notes & textbook and take time to write long answers to score 100% instead trying to beat the clock. Write well during preparation.
1 I am a final year b.tech student who want an ICS(Indian Civil Service) coaching centre provided by central government in our west Bengal state, which will help to get coaching of that exam without going Delhi. If the retired IAS and IPS officers teach us on that coaching centre, we all will be very thankful to you sir.
1 Exams ka Bhoot Bhagao 1. Be effort oriented and not result oriented 2. Don't compare your preparations with others 3. Prepare a realistic study schedule 4. Do not study for more than 45 minutes in a single stretch 5. Start exam preparations well in advance as last minute preparations increases anxiety 6. Make positive affirmations such as "My memory is good, I have studied well, I will achieve my targeted goals in advance etc" 7. Visualize your goal 8. Remain relaxed all the time
1 The most important thing to practice before any exam is a peace and calm . What troubles and spoils exams is the pressure and fear , not the exam itself. A student can answer the same questions in a relaxed environment but when he is expected to perform under restrictions of time and stress of competition , mind finds it hard to focus and nervousness results in poor performance A balance between study and games will result in greater confidence and improve performance
1 The first thing each and every parent may like to know is that the parents are the best judge of the capabilities and working methods, and  the biggest well wishers of  their respective children. But still, the parents, in my opinion, must not impose their thoughts and methods on the kids as a unique method of preparation. They must invite an open minded discussion, and listen to the kid. I am sure, the youngsters will
1 #mannkibaat exams always associated with stress and tension.how much ever motivation u provide ,the pressure to meet parent's expectation, to beat other students and get the best college and best future.I feel they need advice from proper people. Their thinking is stopped by forcing them to mug up line by line from the reader.also there was 13days holiday for eco last year.this made the students bored and not in spirit . they felt too overconfident also.u should release the answer sheet of all
1 sir I want to say that load of  course of students from class 1- class v should be reduce so that the weight of their school bags are reduced.
1 Greetings from my side sir. Sir, there is no loan scheme available for the students who wish to gap a year for preparation of medical/engineering entrance examination to get coaching in any coaching institute. As the coaching they provide is not a course. And the fees of such coaching institute is too high for a lower middle class man to pay. Please do something in this regard.
1 Every one has his duty to perform including the students.For just a minimum persons who is going to participate in the Jallikattu, may have the right to agitate, since they are affected but that too not at present, since of the Supreme Court judgement.You better concentrate on your study since it is your future and not the Jallikattu. I am one among who affected by the hindi agitation during my college studies and I have failed in P.U.C.exam.If I have passed my future may have been changed more
1 sir me gujrat su hu, yaha ki school har sal fees bahut badha diya he, aur school beg ki books ka waghite bahote sari he, manniy court ke maximum weight limit se jyada he,to aap apni bat me ye nirdesh jarur kare,bacho ko back pain ho jata he,
1 Differance between jawan and officer in armed forces must be removed from present system because u have seen in news of various forces's jawan video on social media.so i request u sir please discuss all the issue in forces with concerned ministry and remove the old rules of english people.there are big difference between officer and jawan in msp,submarine allowance,hospital facility,canteen ,traveling to ty duty.why sir?if u interfare in this matter then it can be solved.
1 Population control is important for peace, prosperity and development of our country. Expecting a strong decision in the auspicious Republic Day on 26th January, 2017 from our Hon'ble Prime Minister regarding POPULATION CONTROL. India will be "Single Marriage Single Child" Country irrespective of caste clan and religion.
1 Recently a TV channel conducted a programme and asked youth why we are celebrating Republic day. Out of hundred only 2 given correct answer. I feel it is due to present education system which is concerned about the core subjects. It is required to insist on the Institutions to have at least one period a week to have General knowledge. This is leading to public not having respect to the system or Constitution. Immediate steps shall be taken to educate youth for taking system in curriculum.
1 Sir, please make it mandatory for the all Recruitment Boards like RRB,SSC, UPSC  to conduct exams within atleast one year..Now, their performance is , to say at most, DEPRESSING
1 FARMERS FAMILY 24HRX365DAYS WORKING FOR NATION . BUT FARMERS FAMILY'S NOT WELL NOW WHY ? FARMERS INVESTMENT ONLY FOR FOOD PRODUCTION.THE PUBLIC ARE ENJOY HAPPILY AND TASTE FARMERS INVESTMENT.BUT FARMERS FOOD PRODUCTION INVESTMENT NOT COME TO THEIR HAND GET LOSSES ONLY NOW DAYS FARMERS FAMILY IS VERY POOR AND GET MORE DIFFICULTY.SO GOVT GIVE FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS SIDE MUST.FARMERS LOSSES ONLY NATIONAL LOSSES SO FARMERS LOSES GIVE HELP TO FARMERS BANK LOANS FULLY CANCEL THE  AUGUST 15TH2015
1 Respected Sir, I coming from small village from Rajasthan,I found here our education slandered not rising in Govt. School & students of this schools not found proper education here. I am also worried that Adrash Gram Yojana which launched in previous independent day is not taken seriously ruling parties MP & MLA. After Clean India mission I found lots changes in my surrounds. Jai Hind
1 There is one sector which is still not looked after your government came in . This is Indian Postal service. this is the sector which has largest reach to people in INDIA. how are we utilizing Indian Postal Service so that this can do value addition to other departments.
1 also reduce subsidy burden of fertilizer In every district one food park to set in which every states food to introduce or make available to it we have several dishes special food in India but due to improper set up and marketing we are at loosing side if we introduce benefit 1 start course at every ITI college will increase skill development and employment opportunities require huge instructor for teaching so for household women who make delicious food with other who want to make carrier
1 What better launch pad can be found for our future than our rich past? Now, the time is ripe for us to leave behind an influenced mind-set, from which we have suffered for 4 centuries. Now is the time to realise we are free and go back to our glorious past. From there, will be reborn, the Greatness of India
1 Sir, you should call upon for a new revolution. This revolution akin to our freedom struggle should be for freedom from various ills in our society and for new era of development which you have started. It must be emphasized that revolution must come from citizens themselves, the citizens should not only act in a responsible manner but also teach, influence and correct wrong people. Like for swacch Bharath to be successful we should not only keep clean but also influence others to do so.
1 Dear sir, MBBS seats are being filled in private medical colleges mainly on the basis of donations and this a really worrisome trend. The government should make all efforts in bringing out quality doctors and medical seats should be offered only on merit basis and private medical colleges should admit students based on only government selection criteria as it s a matter of human lives.If selection criteria for entry and quality of education is uniform, it can save a lot of lives
1 Indian Army always makes us proud with contribution towards nation. Whenever a soldier gives his/her life towards nation, we feel proud but helpless for the family who sent his son/husband for the country. Hence we would like to have a channel where we can donate to the soldier's family. Someone died so as to protect us and we want to ensure that family of our soldiers live a good life - financially - afterwards. Please open a channel and allow us to contribute to support our soldier. Thanks
1 Let us first of all realize sufferings of hunger and poor people of the world and still the world is leading towards destruction of human kind and nature for selfish motives and crazy for endless accumulation of destructive powers and activities. GOD save our PLANET and UNIVERSE as a whole ! HEARTIEST CONGRATULATIONS !!! EXCELLENT. WONDERFUL BEGINNING - WELL BEGUN IS HALF DONE. Every thing is possible with SPIRITUALITY. Let us focus on YOGIC REVOLUTION in all aspects and realize the results. GOD
1 #PM Sir, I request you to take Topics like "Stop Burning Plastic", "Save Electricity and Water" and "Agriculture" in your Speech on the eve of Our Independence Day along with other Best Topics suggested to you by my Fellow Indians. Thanking you on making Swach Bharat Abhiyan a successful campaign. #IndependenceDay #MyGov
1 Hon'ble PM, Your Excellency Inspiring by your "Swachh Bharat Mission" I sent two letters on 04.7 & 10.12.14,also to Rly.Minister on 18.2.15 by speed post for h/over 25 points prog. for the sake of Indian Rly. to make it world class one not by steep hike of fares(said letters may pl. be refer). My 2nd suggestion is to establish an Unique Pathsala countrywide to sweep out corruption from its grass-roots for which also I want to h/over 50 points prog. Kindly reply. With Regards Nirmal kr.Biswas
1 Contd:Clarify the dubious people of India on the importance of bills like GST and Labour Reforms which are meant for Economic Reforms-II(as it happened in Economic Reforms-I in 1990s). Some more issues include Corruption, Food Safety, International Relations for economic boost, policies meant for enhancing economy to an export based one, Safety of Women, Development plans of North-east, Land Bill,Farmer Suicides, Special Status to the undeveloped states. These are my views to be included.
1 Honorable prime minister sir, I Request your highness to address digital India concept i.e interlink every purchase, services , certificates ,travel tickets ,money transactions  etc... with aadhar number unique ID
0 ZERO POLITICAL CORRUPTION=ZERO CRIMINAL RECORDS=Reforms+Inner Polluted Cleanliness+Purification=Morality=Model Leaders=Spiritual Kings=Angel
1 Sir I think you should touch on how  inner traitors who support terrorist in any form whether media or vocal or any way are dangerous for country. U will have strong opposition from lots of people, but they will never vote for Patriots like you. I have high hope on you that you will touch on this despite lots will oppose us. How can media indirectly show something which ultimately terrorist also wanted.
1 Respected sir, if we are not working for a day companies deduct salery...Similarly if MLA is not working in their area,his/her salery should also be deducted.so,sir i want to make a clear stand against those MLA by deducting their salery if he/she is not working in their area properly and also even in LOK SABHA & RAJYA SABHA....where always opponent parties are making nonsense and disturb the working of LOK & RAJYA SABHA..also i want to add 1 more thing that it should also be implemented on C.M.
1 Ask to whole India to stop drinking crap like Coke and Pepsi. They are using huge potable water. And farmers are dying without water.
1 I wish that PM Modi should request peoples of India to keep their place of worship I.e. temples neat and clean. This work should be merged with clean my India campaign. It is generally seen that our temples specially in north India are not neat and clean. Place of worship should be clean. People of this country and PM should do something to get the temples clean. Thanks.
1 1. A national museum exhibiting the whole legacy of Indian Freedom struggle 2. Clarify the ambiguity in Aadhar card as a requicite 3. Make all poverty alleviation scheme under an umbrella and  an effective system within limited period 4. More focus on practical education 5. Skill development must start from school level 6. Make m-governance effective than going for e-governance 7. Union blood portal& organ transplant portal 8. Right to food as a fundamental right 9. Rainbow revolution
1 Dear Prime Minister I would really keenly request you to show some signs of relief to the peoples of west bengal,Assam and kerela m sure enough that you are very well aquinted with the real problems being faced by these three states On dis independence day make them feel proud they are Indian a country where u aquire freedom in every sense Give signs of hope to the peoples who are in scary mode staying in their own country
1 Eligibility is 55% but colleges need 90% only if at all he has achieved good marks in the exams like CAT/GMAT etc. then why are you setting 55% as the eligibility criteria set it as 80 or 90% only. No average student would dream and dare to enter the TOP B-Schools at least. Why are we still highlighting basic qualification required as 50% If however a student performs good in the appearing exam He/She will not get a call from the TOP colleges as their academic record is Average. Where do we go?
1 1.Do best to control population.Encourage small family by extra monetary and welfare assistance. 2.Discourage Big family by banning from Government job
1 Sir there is more corruption in India starting from a small government office to the highest level.. We can stop this corruption but we need efficient peoples like you.. One way we can find is the people who have lost their parents and living in ashrams.. We can take these students train them very well and leave them to serve for every corner of India.. It may take time but we can get 1000 of Modi sir in future which can change India as all of ours dreams.. THANKING YOU
1 Respected sir I would like you to put some focus on the increasing rate of crimes against women in India. We were promised before the elections that strict regulations will be made in such regard but little has been done till date. It would be very greatful of you if could do some thing regarding this issue especially in BIMARU areas.... Thank you
1 Dear PM, Solar Home. Yes we can do that. We have unlimited solar energy in India. This would be the best we can implement and it will be impacted a lot. Government Roles: 1. Subsidy (If possible) 2. Reduce import duty from solar energy equipments 3. Most Important: Research We can call IITs or other technical institutes to come forward to give inputs of research in the solar energy sector. The prices and government appreciations would be the great announcements to be hear for them.
1 Sir, a novel effort that will lead to greater interest in our hoary past. It needs 1.ease of access 2.should be well curated with sufficient explanatory notes & audio overview 3.digitised palm leaf manuscripts should be linked to associated research works / commentaries 4.sculptures should be 3D enabled for better viewing 5.separate gallery for temple architecture can be considered 6.Shilp shastra with links to artisans / artist villages 7.site for ordering manuals / artefacts on sale.
1 we add 4d,5d,6d,7d,8d shows to increase our museums fame internationally.which are now organising in foriegn countries
1 Sir, give a unique ID number to each antiquities stored in all the museums and digitize them. Take their photograph and upload in a site like IGNCA. This will prevent our antiquities being stolen and also give an identity to all our antiquities and sculptures, so that our future generation can relish them and take pride in their past.
1 Respected Modi Sir , Today when i go for book my Gas Cylinder i got message that i can't book my gas cylinder (Reason is that i not booked cylinder since last six month i.e.180 days) it is really surprised me that what a rule . one side we are trying to fulfill the requirement of LPG Gas and black mailing of LPG Gas and one side are forcing to Customer black the Gas . please change this rule with immediately effect. they blocked my account also.
1 Respected PM, Thanks for the initiative for getting suggestions and views from public to improve our economy and progress fast. I have specialised in mechanisation in agriculture by using advance hightech agri machines from china, korea and japan who are well of us in agri production per unit area by practising scientific cultivation by adopting latest machines which increases production, improves quality of produce, saves water, takes care of farm labour shotage, power generation, brings
1 Dear PM land acquisition bill is simply superb, being a son of farmer i will agree this. But when come to Andhra Pradesh, present CM pulling the fertile lands instead of barren lands.These people defaming your historical bill. If he changed the land for capital city opposition will also support your bill in AP Please think about the land selected by the Andhra Pradesh CM, those fully fertile lands. Andhra Pradesh is calling as Rice bowl of India becoz of these areas. 8880967025
1 MY VIEW ON VIRTUAL MUSEUM IS GOOD.MUSEAM HAVE THE DEFICIENCY WHICH ELABERATE THE KINGS,EMPERORS AND RULERS AND IGNORE THE LIFE OF COMMON MAN .HOW THEY LIVED WHO REALLY INFLUENCED THEIR REAL LIFE.ALL MUSEAMS SHOULD SET UP FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF REAL MAN.
1 As we all know people are busy in their lives.they dont have time for anything. and many are not even aware about these types of museums.so just simple remove their prob that time prob. as per the survey of some online sites. 64 percent people are incresed fr movies on weekends an all,specially youngters. if people cant come to museums .but museums can go to the people na. so simple provide the cd's , free complimentary tickets to people with one time meal or some snacks.#NationalMuseum
1 In this portal, focus should be gone on that places those are red listed and now a days losing their identification due to lack of care. And there should be a mobile app for this. I think this will be a big advantage for youth, because by using app youth can will be connected directly with their golden past.
1 sir you done worked well but sir please give some focus on poor students also who belong to General cast. sir it is fact that A General can also Poor.
1 TO HAVE VIRTUAL MUSEUMS: We will need to develop high end Virtual Reality & Augmented Reality Applications & Cost Effective Visualization Devices. To have fully immersive systems that can give user a feel of actual presence haptics technology should be incorporated. Various customized data control and acquisition devices will be required along with good transmission technologies. Holographic technology can be an integral part. To give a reality experience high end graphics systems is must.
1 A virtual Museum can be build using the virtual reality applications using pure 3D game engines. I am willing to help my India to make a complete VR based Museums where people can come and actually visit the Museums. Using keyboard and mouse users can be able to open doors, see the objects with related history behind it. We have got experience of building such type of apps and games, I am a Entrepreneur, who is a passionate Indian running my company Since 1998 called virtualinfocom.
1 i was visit to mysore museum so good but not that much need
1 Nice,  mobile app can also be made based on virtual museum.
1 #NationalMuseum.Neat and clean look or appearance.good lighting.Name of the articles and descriptions should be clearly written. 3D effects will be more attractive.Guides should be there to explain everything.
0 LETTER IS ATTACHED BELOW
1 Respected PM Sri  Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665
1 Virtual Museums should be segregated on the basis of geographical importance / state wise. Not only historical things and monuments, but also the classical dance/ music of particular place should also be the part of the virtual Museum. Even Food variety, the famous recipes, habitual food & dressings should be displayed.
1 Ancient sites like Nalanda, under-water Dwarka etc need virtual reconstruction of how they might've been back then. Also scriptures like Vimanika-shastra etc to show the possible aeronautic achievements in past and the need of decoding those scriptures to help develop the modern world. Also to prevent the modern India from religiously following the scriptures/tradition while providing the scientific analysis with which the people shall decide what can be followed & when based on individual needs
1 Virtual museam should have high quality images as well as motion pictures with audio in 2D and 3D both view.
1 1. The exhibition trains such as Vivekananda Express, Science express and others also could be featured as part of this virtual museum. So that who missed the opportunity to visit them could be able to get the experience of those exhibition trains. This would be helpful to the students also. 2. The Currency Museum of RBI also could be featured as part of this portal. 3. The new portal could have links to stamp collection / old,new coin collecting procedures and related site links could be added.
1 Its not only useful on Indians and also useful to other countries people who want to know the pride of India. By having Virtual Museums, its also advantage that people can look all the historical things in one place. It will be very useful to person who unable to travel much to view the pride of the nation which will be displayed in front of them in web. Virtual Museums will surely be milestones to Indian digital growth.
1 Our countrymen living in smaller cities don't have option to see their national heritage. In this regard virtual museums are a great initiative. But this needs to be partnered with physical programs as well. Artifcats from high profile museums should g on tour of India, where they will be displayed for 15 days. Schools of the area needs to be encouraged to visit the museum in that time frame. Such initiative partnered with physical programs will increase the productivity much fold.
1 The best way to know a country's people is by knowing their culture and religious traditions,which is soulfully reflected in their life style,monuments,religious texts,festivals being followed.I think the best way to promote tourism is when our secrets of traditions ,rituals (bharatya sanskriti)which are secretly connected with our past ,is attached with the monuments,scriptures,idols,maps being displayed in the museums.People accept what they understand & then admire naturally.HARI OM
0 No one is commenting on my idea
1 Supplier Selection should be done on the basis of: 1. Quality Norms Fulfillment, if not there should be penalty/recovery 2. Compliance to Indian safety standards with extra safety margin 3. Matching with fair value of product price, but need not be lowest price unless justifying with reduced costs due to use of new technology/innovative ideas 4. Reward for innovation and/or significant cost reduction without compromising quality 5. Long term validity 6. Revision of acceptance criteria
0 Program of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE )
1 Recommendation for land acquisition Bill: We have to found out the maximum income from that land and give an amount as compensation whose interest from Govt. Bank for ten years Monthly income scheme should be equal.Every farmer should declare his earning from land by himself only, which will be verified by income tax.I think this may solve the problem otherwise land mafia like Robert Bhadra will be benefited from this protest as they will sell their land latter to govt. or Industrialist .
1 a preferred provider organization (or PPO, sometimes referred to as a participating provider organization or preferred provider option) is a managed care organization of medical doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers who have agreed with an insurer or a third-party administrator to provide health care at reduced rates to the insurer's or administrator's clients.
1 Good innovation are key to get good growth in our Country Exports, So through Public Procurement Bill we should in courage quality procurements only......Regards....Devesh Mehrotra
0 I have given my views in attached file.
1 Why this permission for such huge gold imports into India. It promotes black money, and enriches no one but some jewelers. Also, worsens trade deficit like for March 2015. It is a waste of money for this country, besides promoting black money in the economy.
1 hi my first post government offices timings should be 9 a.m to 4.00 p.m and private sector sector should be from 11.00 a.m to 6.00 p.m so that every indian will be able to complete or file their work
1 In government we usually see the lack of check and balances, so In my opinion until we create a proper mechanism with decentralisation of information we won't find success.The solution can be found via technology. the every step and details which are not against national interest, should be declared on website with full details and live track record.Also, the responsibility and liability must be fixed and the guilty must be punished for non-performance.The time-bound actions should be mandatory.
1 Make it compulsory that all the children of government employee will study in government schools.it will create historical change in education sector.As education is the base of development
1 Hi this sanjay gonsalves from the state maharasthracity mira bhayandar we have the probelem of your mla mr narendra L mehta whose being taking his own decession againt the commitee without informing the  vidhan sabha ministers the problem is he has increased the prices of water taxes and house taxes in a tribble manner which is not afforable to the people of mira bhayandar which was headeache of previous government mlawho had already increased the pricess mr narendra mehta is spoiling your image
1 Dear sir, i want to know only one thing why indian gov. give extra benefit to minority. Kya parivar niojan sirf hindu ke lie hi hai kya or kisi ke lie nahi? Mere hisab se gov. ko hum do hmare do ko jyada sakhti se lagu karwana chahie. chaho wo koi hi kyon na ho? Plz do something for this. Plz
1 INCLUDE CLAUSE MADE IN INDIA IN ALL PROCUREMENT OF THE GOODS AND SERVICE BY GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENT OF CENTRAL/STATE/PUBLIC SECTOR ENTERPRISES ETC. WILL ALSO MAKE ALL TO COME IN INDIA AND MAKE IN INDIA BY-DEFAULT AS GOVERNMENT OF INDIA IS LARGEST PROCURE OF THE GOODS/SERVICE IN INDIA
1 Sir, please review the procurement procedures of PSUs. Maharatnas like NTPC are Maha Corrupt, since their CMDs have procured their positions through money power and not through merit. However, even letters with specific and concrete complaints addressed to Power Secretary are not even acknowledged.
1 A health maintenance organization (HMO) is an organization that provides or arranges managed care for health insurance, self-funded health care benefit plans, individuals, and other entitie
1 Dear PM Sir, I am requesting you to please release the new security police jobs from India Government due to every day we have observed the ladies corruption, once we have release the 1lacs or above security police jobs then all the police distribute the statewide,then see the results but every police should take the own responsibility of own state.we should create the separate government for corruption then see the results. And as well as should monitoring the every minute.
0 Old city safai mission
1 Please give the all employee grantee job and job security in private sector also. If company is not growing or earning than fire the employee is not good.
1 vRecommendation for land acquisition Bill: We have to found out the maximum income from that land and give an amount as compensation whose interest from Govt. Bank for ten years Monthly income scheme should be equal.Every farmer should declare his earning from land by himself only, which will be verified by income tax.I think this may solve the problem otherwise land mafia like Robert Bhadra will be benefited from this protest as they will sell their land latter to govt. or Industrialist .
1 Sir Launch a webbased  procurement like flipcart or amazon for all Government agnecies. Ensure all procurements are undertaken from it to derive economy of scale
1 Dear Mr. Narendra Modi - Prime Minister of India. Sir, I have travelled by Shinkansen bullet train in Japan. I like your views, thoughts to bring the bullet train project over to India. the project cost is very huge. In order to reduce the cost of the project and speedy implementaion, may I suggest to purchase Second hand Shinkansen Bulltet train from Japan ?This will reduce overall project duration and cost. Please let me know your thought process. Thanks., Ashutosh Vaidya
1 there should be guidance and coaching program on work culture, being professional, respecting to work for been paid, putting in hard efforts to contribute to the growth of the company. job is been looked upon 25 days of spending time at a place and being paid off for the same and expectations never end. how much have i contributed for growth which comes back, is never thought
1 Below are how international companies procure. 1. Detailed product specification ( this should be pan India)for bidding process. 2. Approved vendor list of manufacturing plants. Manf plant should be inspected and approved by the govt body. 3. Bidding should be online only for approved suppliers for major products. 4.Bidder shall clearly provide exceptions if any at bidding. 5. Buyer to short list top three technically compliant bidders. 6. Only once technical is finalized commercial to bid
1 I have a request to PM that he should form a department with good number of staffs which will be able to track all the post on mygov.in and reply to each contributor individually. This will way PM can connect each individual through social media. This way each contributor will give his comment enthusiastically if he feels that his comments is being listened
1 Have u think about poor people's children education in privet school. Modi ji, Apse kai log ki aas judi hai. Please aap garib logo ke bachho ko achhe pravet school me padhane ka sapna pura karoge. achhe school ki fees itni hoti hai ki hm use afford kabhi nahi kar sakte or chhote school me ya govt. school me padhai aisi nahi hoti ki bachhe age badh sake. so please modi ji aap koi aisa samadhan dhunde ki hm garib bhi apne bachcho ko achhe privet school me padha sake Thankyou
1 I wanted to share one observation on one of a weakest section of society, Vegetable vendors. "The Thelawala", who picks up his cart every day morning, pushes his cart to the local Mandi(market) and than sells the local produce, Street by Street, shouting in top of voice to attract the attention of house wives. The same "Thela" is his Bed in the night or probably as he/she sleeps anxious whether the "Thela" would be available by the morning he gets up.
1 Innovation is about doing things better, resolving challenges of the society in a simple and efficient manner - preserving the resources & generating opportunities. India is fortunately blessed with the world's best talent and the #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan would hopefully ignite the talent to achieving national goals. Gravity 2.0 Research Foundation has been providing thought leadership in this area & would be interested in partnering the initiative. More details, www.gravity20.org #MHRD #MyGov
1 This  Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan should be start from village.. bcoz most of the rural people have good ideas n thoughts but they did not get any platform to share. so my humble request to PM sir plz start this abhiyan from Villages of our country. Thank you
1 Many skilled workers  and labours have been working through supply agents in middle east and other developed countries.These supply agents works legally and illegally in all big cities of INDIA. So it is my humble request in the interest of the nation. Make a recordable databank through which every person from India goes out is registered and supplied by INDIA directly. This will reduce the illegal trafficking and increase the economy of INDIA.
1 Setup ideology of being a proud indian being introduced to developed word and work out details. Prepare curriculum to teach young india about "how to be be good Indian?" E.g. While driving/ walking were are least bothered about others. Teach them how you can yield to others, your independence should not cross the independence of others sphere. Stop where other's nose begins.....
1 11) Bicycles provide mobility for those who may not qualify or afford to drive. Not everyone can get a driver's license (or wants one), and the cost of purchasing, insuring and maintaining a car is out of reach for a lot of people. Almost everyone can afford some sort of bike. Other than walking, bicycles are the most cost-effective transportation on the planet. 12) Studies show that bicycle commuters are healthier, more productive, and require less time off at work.--- pls read next post
1 Dear PM Sir just throwing an idea to counter power transmission loss.Can we make a chip/storage card to store power from power plant.n depending upon the need of villages/panchayats/blocks where power supply is difficult,we distribute the chip to that place.This stored power later converted into electrical energy by some device in given place. It will be one of the innovation that can initiate wireless transmission in india and transmission loss will taken care and lots of money can be saved
1 I believe that science and all these are necessary but don't force children to be a machines. Only start computer education at certain age as it harms their memory power and health. I have started learning computer in age of 15 but today I can say I know most of techs. I have never seriously studied in school but still I'm the top translator of Gujarati and Hindi (https://twitter.com/ketnn) Make science learning an interesting and creative process. First improve basic amenities like Internet.
1 Why is India still a developing country and what is stopping it from being a developed country? This particular question strikes me every time when I read something about India’s education system. I see India’s education system as a stumbling block towards its objectives of achieving inclusive growth.India is going to experience a paradox of nearly 90 million people joining the workforce but most of them will lack requiste skills and the mindset for productive employment.
1 Dear sir, In my opinion, we should emphasize on teaching basic science physics, chemistry, material science which is lacking and really can initiate AVISHKAR in our country.Technology and science should be segregated. Education institutes including engineering should be reviewed in respect of facilities such as Labs, Library, and faculty. Industries should be linked to universities and has to allocate fund to academic institutes. research should be decentralize to various institutes.
1 sir first take the school students during the school studies to nearby standard institute and university .from that you give an information to collage students come and share ur knowledge to school.
1 Part 3 / 9 : India Needs An Exclusive Teachers Training Institute of Repute! In our country, we have institutes of repute such as IITs, IISc, IIMs, NITs etc.. to churn out brilliant Graduates / professionals etc. We even have great International School of Business, Professional Training Institutes etc. YET.......... Do we have any International or at least nationally acclaimed “Teachers’ Training Institute” in our Country ?
1 creat a favourable environment for innovation .By focusing on 4 basic  points.spreading awareness (identyfy First)education (enhance skill)motivation (encourage efforts)support (Delivere Results)with these 4 major activities1.identify2.educate3.motivate4.support and all these will leads to create a enviorment.
1 If we have a system of sharing resources machines equipments of all kinds in one central place with qualified people manning it and compulsorily open for all to use by paying some fees..then duplication of spending will stop.Agree this too has problems as we Indians corrupt any idea by wrong negative attitude,stopping others as we are not upto mark ourselves.Imagine any one can walk in to use equipments to develop or make new gadget at night after his job!Free youths engaged in joint projects
1 Selection of students with different creativity from middle class level.Select about 100 students at national level of different creativity and give them perfect training in his creativity with nationality
1 Because of Reservation system in india, talented students are not getting chance to show their talent The reserved category student can get admission and goverment job easily on other hand student having talent but belong to general category does not get admission or goverment job admission and job must get based on talent not based on cast or reservation
0 Sir KALAM's DAY:  Request, please consider an idea below .. Please find attached PDF .. Request to call Sir KALAM's Day as "Innovator's Day" ..
1 There is need to improve the syllabus, it must instill contents of fundamental technologies such as mechanical, electrical civil, like algorithms, computer graphs, robotics, design software, workshop etc. understanding scientific models by visual aid and developing applications and develop in their mind to improve or propose alternative models as well. There is need to present this content in a simplified manner only an aim to work with them.
1 Part 8 /9 : Teachers’ Training Imparting “through EDUCATION CHANNEL" As an immediate measure, (till Training Institute is realised) may be, we     can fix a time slot every day, on each subject through which, Teachers all 	over, in particular Teachers of our Rural Villages, can be trained on issues such as “how to generate interest’, “how to make Maths / Science Interesting” for our students etc..
1 a)	Institutes having PG have qualified teachers and paid by UGC scale. b)	Instead of giving UGC-CSIR after post-graduation; give fellowship (lesser amount) after +2. c)	Institutes with post-graduation should publish a minimum amount of papers in international journals. d)	Bhatnagar awards are announced each year for eminent scientists. This is Indian Nobel prize. Recipients present a lecture in media on their achievements This will give public a respect to the scientists. JAI HIND
0 AIR POLLUTION CONTROL SOLUTION Dear all Please find the attachment and read sequentially  to see Air Pollution control solution mail me to ajayvoice@gmail.com
1 Sabse pahle teachers ko train karna padega ki wo bachon ko is type se teach karein jisse bachon mein intrest paida ho naki wohi formal padhai ke method se unhein ratto tota banate rahein.
1 Sir, Topic on Manufacturing Sector is missing. This is the field after Farming Sector which Employees maximum No. of Workforce. If given any opportunity would like to discuss about the Push that is needed & the way the SME Sector can reduce the Burden of Imported Items by Import Substitute Items Manufactured in our Country itself. Their is no Derth of Talent only a Merry Motivation and Govt. backing in Initial stage. Dhanyvad. Dhantrayodashi Ki Apa sab Ko Hardik Shubhakamanaye.
1 Dear Mr.PM, You should assign a designer of technology student for every small cities and villages and give chance also to non IITians students , an assigned student after selection should give an innovative ideas for develop his or her city or village if design or idea is good so govt. Must release fund for that, the student have also support of MLAs MLCs, DM and other superiors for completion of project on proper time. This will increase the fire of aviskar.
1 Mind takes wings in ecosystem of motivation, facilitation and transparency...connect villages small towns with innovation centre of countries... digitally, physically whatever means...people have solutions for problems...How to structure and actualise those innovative sparks in concrete shape...let's have virtuous cycle of solutions rather vicious cycle of problems... It will take some time but effort has to be continous...
1 Dear Sir, Considering the lack of rains and pollution, there is an urgent need to have more trees. The road divider on the thousands of KMs or highways, can be used to plant crores of trees helping the environment plus adding beauty and shade to the roads along with water retention capacity and significant reduction of carbon foot print in the air. The situation is getting out of control and has to be addressed on SOS basis.
1 A small portable device...may be equal to the size of credit card, which would be thin also. Can be developed, which will be highly secure platform, where only authorized and govt stores banks-app, e-wallet app, digital locker, and other app, which will comfort from carrying physical leather wallet...cab be developed. A small camera, only for scanning QR code and finger print. device cost not more than lowest smartphone, NFC enabled for payment and gate passes.
1 Sir, this is the need of time,that all banks should be inquired regarding the conversion of black money into white.It is true that bankers are working hard to help people in this difficult situation, but a significant number of these bankers,managers and staff is found involved in serious scams of converting money. These scams have  enough potential to turn whole of this scheme of demonetization into a failure.Sir entire country is with you,but don't let these crooks to defeat nation this time.
1 1. allow free access to mobile apps of government and BHIM app without any internet usage charges. 2. create a dedicated email id for every citizen using aadhar number.
1 Dear modi ji, As we know that digitalization is a huge step in Indian economy. But while accepting this step we normal people facing some very critical problem. Like during adding money in e-wallet. some banking services are so poor that they r not providing better service. They deduct money but not add in e-wallet. this kind of image of baking not attracting people toward them. 1.please improve /powerful the banking system. ex. BANK OF BARODA have very bad service.
1 Try to shift the st's from forests.Then forest and environment not destroy.Naxalites also controlled.
1 Dear sir ,Give this opportunity to the educated women homemakers who have ability to contribute in this glorious work,who are already sacrificed their carriers to build next smart generation for India. Creat a portal where these highly educated homemakers can work from home,contribute theirtalents.There are large number of homemakers in cities who are sacrificing their carriers for family.Let us use their brains in nation building.These super power brains are just getting wasted in depression
1 An international invention for electrification of road transport system by an Indian presented in IEEE & SAE international conference awarded best runner up technical presentation prize and published by IEEE online, is capable to provide better public road transport with zero emissions, clean air, low noise, comfortable AC travel at low cost based on electricity with renewable energy resources. It is applicable to modern electric vehicles for creating public interest and save petroleum.
1 Respected PM Sir, kindly request you to go on offensive on Demonatization as its a great step, it will make all people equal. The Corrupt filthy rich dynasties including foreign Vatican-Italian dynasties and 1% RICH ELITES have ruled 99% of Indians and looted like Brits, buying votes and financing terror You brought all on same platform NOW ALL CAN DREAM 2 MOVE UP THE LADDER NOT PMs son as PM,POLTICIAN SON AS POLITICIAN
1 Dear Sir, You are the one person who made all the world to see India.  I am as an Bank Officer supporting people and leading my people towards serving Nation.  I want to give small idea which will help towards cashless.  First of all, we need to change Govt organisations which are transacting through cash only.  Eg.Registrations, Electricity Bills (more than Rs.500/-) and Municipal Taxes and Govt.Taxes more than Rs.500/-.  These all can be happened just through one app (E collect account).
1 Respected sir, i wish to share my opinion in swacha bharat abhiyan .sir near about all citizens are using pen to write anything and throwout that used pen when refil is over,they are increasing more and more scrap,garbage.so if we creat awarness in public to reuse that old pen.it will helpful for enviornment
1 3. Consumer Forum & submission for Consumer Grievance into the Consumer Forums should be made online with the help of Unique IDs OR Aadhaar cards etc. - because, most of the times, the touts OR Dalaals outside the District Consumer Forum delay the consumer grievance redressal and cheat the consumer and delay the justice.
1 Hon’ble PM Sir, Why dishonesty has taken roots in our social life is because our education system doesn't speak about the power of honesty & also parents are not interested in making their children honest & upright citizen of this country. So some technology or medicine is required to be supplied to each household in our country to make India of your dreams.
1 Sir I know this may sound funny but if this is applied millions of lives will change. Sir let people make electricity through bicycles. Sir I'm no scientist.but if this works millions of lives will be transformed. Thank you Jai Hind.
1 #IR1 i have suggestion for unreserved ticket problem. there is only one or two general coaches where sitting is also difficult. its better to introduce more no of chair cars coaches so no of passengers travelling can sit easily and travel. few long journey passenger need to obtain reservation for sleeper coach
1 I request to Hon. Prime minister to take strict actions against the members of parliament who are creating obstacle for discussion by creating chaos. I request to terminate each and every person who is trying to slow down the growth of progress of India by not ‘working’ in parliament.
1 Being a supporter of Digital india specific infrastructur should lay down to reach every indian citizen by providing the information like innovative apps in smartphones ,free startup,free assesment setc
1 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi Ji, Sir, Good Morning and have a nice beginning of the day ! and have a good day to all with Thanks !! Smart India Hackathon 2017 is a good innovative and a part of intellectual thinking   this will give a good result to our nation  India ! With this hope lets begin the day !
1 This is Rahul Srivastva.My request you to please dont release fund to the MP's.My plan is that please provide fund to the private sector and you all see result best.Because you know also MP's are not doing well work in their area.If you give me opportunity then i will prove how can i change situation in limited time.
1 Firstly anything Digital should be made with a concept of making it simple for use which would make its adaptability much quicker more so within rural india and elderly population which are not that technology savvy . For such competition the key criteria should be based on simplicity e.g.devise a digital payment app which should complete the activity with 2-3 clicks or less; should usable even on regular phone and not just smartphones ;available not only with different language but also dialect
1 BHAVIN MEHTA FROM RAJKOT-GUJARAT... GROW TREES AROUND ALL GOVT. AAVAS YOJNA. I SHOW THERE IS NO TRESS AROUND ANY AAVAS YOJNA..... SWACHH BHARAT......POLLUTION FREE BHARAT...... THANKS....HOPPING TO BE FAVOURED....
1 First of all i made hearty congratulations to the honorable prime minister for demonetizing currency. I should say something which necessary to consider in black money as well as Demonetization, banning of Rs.500 and Rs.1000 is a master stroke but re-introduction of new Currencies of Rs.500, Rs.1000 and Rs.2000 create lot of corruption on the upcoming years it will badly affect the economy within few years. So,completely block Currencies  above "Hundred".This reduce the black money prominently.
1 Sir My Views 1) All School & College Etc must STOP receiving Cash Use of Digital Payment 2) Centralized Structure of Fees & Educational Pattern 3) Centralized Placements Admissions All India 4) Capping on Fees, Stop Educational Business 5) Reduce Fees Educational
1 Sir, my INVENTION-Spindicator-15.which is a small device usable in any electrical switch board functions as mentioned below to save around76million US$ per year if used all over India.None showing interest inspite of my repeated effort. Details in the attachments.
1 We need to put in place a robust & permanent mechanism for cyber security -ensuring safety of digital data,financial or otherwise.Setting up of effective &  foolproof cybersecurity framework will make adoption of e transactions that much more acceptable for the masses.ITexperts,cyberlaw experts,cyberpolice,Ministry for Cyber Security??,should be set up to this end.Also intntnl agency on lines of Interpol should be created for cyber security.
1 sir,no doubt that you are a great personality and working in accordance but sir you have to take immidiate action against  unauthorised cow exporting cell from INDIA to Bangladesh at bangla desh border daily(in between hasnabad to hingalganj north 24 parganas )
1 #StatueCleaning, #MyGov  Our National hero who deserve respect should be highligheted through statues. At same time there should be restriction in constructing statues in public places by individuals , religious people .  there were many communal disharmony happened in country  due to erecting unwanted statues
1 Being an INTACH member, I was thinking on similar lines - to create a team and clean our monuments. Statue-cleaning is a wonderful initiative and I would love to play an active role. Do we need to take permission from the authorities for this?
0 Clean Bharat ,Green Bharat
1 I request Modi Ji to provide free cloth bags to vegetable vendors, so that polythene just disappear from our Lives. Bless
1 These days we are finding that a lot of tension is generated by our neighboring country and in this respect I want that in all the schools a compulsory NCC training should be practiced because it will help our people to become more disciplined and also giving strength to our country as a whole.
1 i am raising my own organic terrace farm and i wish more people living in cities and different country will opt for this idea.
1 Cleaning statue is a great initiative by by our PM. National heritage is a pride to our country.
1 education should be completely app based.so everybody can acquire education of national level and can be learn more effectively amd gov should sell EDUPHONE(Educational phones)which will only use in educational stream and gov should sell that phone at selected centres with cheaper price.
1 Please arrange to promote Clean and Corruption Free India By Streathening On line Monitering Macanism for each and every department for central and state government please set up accountability for each label please arrange to clean up mind for every powerful & rich person Every Tax Evador and supporter should be punished by throw out from society and arrange to criminal case against all those who is found get envolved in such tax evadation these are cancerous people for society their greed for
1 Our beloved Prime Minister, We ,are the members of Kandi Railway sanjukta Karan Committee and Amra Safiwala Every Week Clean Our Kandi Town area. We are request to you that A large Meeting arrange In New Delhi. All Social Organization and Educational Institute Invite in this Programmer. A Special Financial help all this Organization.Our Social Organization always help to you.pravat kar, kandi, murshidabad,W.B.E MAIL:- pravatkandirailwayskc@gmail.com Mo:- 9932647412/9046240137
1 I will Also do it with my Friends
1 I applaud all measures to clean up India including the cleaning of Statues. However, we have to start from our grass roots. The poor people are our responsibility. I again stress that the BJP can continue forever, if all the villages are connected by roads. And again, a flush/ sewage system is provided to every house. I also suggest that to minimise costs in this regard MGNREGA workers should be used. Please instruct the concerned ministries to report every month on the progress.
1 Respected Sir, I know India is progressing but a few people putting it down with the vested interest. But under your valuable guidance it would progress and develop many folds. I request you to think over the increasing population and the teaching & research in Population Studies is somewhere in the corner. I think it is in the last bench of the class. In India, there are 18 Population Research Centres  located in the different Universities and Institutes which need your attention for care.
1 sir, please find the alternative of pollythene so we have no problem to ban it, paper bag,cloth and jute bag is not alternate of pollethene i different situation,weather,weight etc.
1 Please increase the budget per nyks program and spend of nyc volunteers
1 Statue cleaning is a noble job towards the Swachata mission .Every Indian is having a respect towards Statue.He may be mentally prepared to do such a job.Every Indian is having a hesitation in doing sawachata in his surrounding area.He may work for other things but not having a habit to clean his surrounding.This job may may remove his hesitation from his mind .If it may be there then it will help national building.It must be a campaign in which our leaders and our national leaders must come fo
1 MY AIM IS TO ERADICATE UNEMPLOYMENT ONE FINE DAY THE VISION WOULD BE AS EQUAL TO GE AND SIEMENS I CAN EMPLOY N NO OF PEOPLE IF MY VISION IS BEEN TAKEN FORWARD
1 Nice efforts to pay respect to late LEADERS with campaign of  #StatueCleaning  ---------But Sir cleaning of  Corrupt system of our country should also be priority of the Government-----------!!! I am retired Manager of INDIAN BANK and not able to get my MEDICAL REIMBURSEMENT to PENSIONER for the year 2015 in spite of my repeated request to the management -------even my repeated emails are not responded by Head Office Thus a set back efforts of DIGITALIZATION INDIA   ----When our system work??
1 #StatueCleaning Sir provide a small shower tap just on top of the statue and connect it with the Nagar Nigam water supply so that every morning/evening the statue gets cleaned automatically.
1 #StatueCleaning Few things to be noted here: 1. Statue should be covered on the top and on sides through see through walls since birds are the first and foremost that may spoil the statue. 2. A spinning wash tubes can be fit on the walls and it should be operated once every day so that the statue is washed automatically and cleaned. This has to be done during 2-3AM since it is during this time, the vehicle movement will be really less. 3. #MyGov can appoint volunteers for this process.
1 Statue Cleaning by Narendra Modi - #StatueCleaning Statue Cleaning is an initiative by PM Narendra Modi. Stature Cleaning initiative in India to clean the Statues of our national heroes. Click here to know more : http://statue-cleaning-narendra-modi.blogspot.in/
1 Dear sir, I think for better execution of "Swachh Bharat Mission" there should be a penalty provision(e.g. Rs 200 public smoking fine) if any person throw any garbage or plastic bottle  etc. on road or at a public place. Also if any person want to stop them then these people should be given some helpline No. or police support so that before throwing they should think twice.
0 Our contribution to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan
1 Dear PM it is good concept but not practical. I suggest that to clean India you need to impose laws and fines nobody use helmet for safety but to prevent themself from chalan. These elected member should also feel responsible for there wards and action should be taken for not performing there duty as a soldier is held responsible at the borders. Change is needeed from top to bottom but in India Reverse happen and the the story of developing nation goes on.....
1 PMJDY min rupey card par sms alert ko free of cost kar ne se sa v gareeb log 100% labh lengay
1 Pardhan Mantri ji, I think in rural area best way to contact family so far not opened their account through Jan Dhan yogna is through Sarpannch of that village, who know batter than others about the non participated family in the scheme.
1 In last 50 Years, Congress government has made India Hell of Taxes, Inflations, Corruptions, etc; and joke of Democracy, and has kept India 100years back in the world. I really want to Participate in Governance, but only if it is heard, and immediate action are taken on it, or else it is just waste of time. Banks : With the knowledge & help of Government and RBI, Banks in India are Deliberately practicing many things to charge Citizen of India without any guide lines of RBI.
1 respected sir, The govt. banks(state bank of India) are not work properly in the states, once it is clear then automatically every thing will be perfect.
1 one national banks representative should be appointed in village area,who can recieve deposites from village people & make available withdrawal of money when needed. MINI VILLAGE BANK
1 Why there is no group or place about taking care of senior citizen? They face a lot of challenges in Banks and at other offices and institutions. Please do something about that.
1 Dear PM Sir, Please consider this:  Every villager (where possible) plants a neem tree.  Every successful year of growth of that tree, an increase in life insurance of Rs 5000/=.  After five years, the neem tree will be giving its fruit (earning income for villager) and we will have large supply for neem pesticides.  Neem trees also bring healthy air around villages.  It will also be a organic, environmental NEEM revolution!
1 It is very positive approach but at lower level like bank panchayat level a lot of cases of misuse is found.
1 Hon.PM Modi ji, Before setting target of 10crore or 100crore PMJDY accounts to Bankers, please look about their wage revision, both IBA and UFBU are not in a position to discuss about honourable wage revision.Total pay of bank clerk who is working 1000 KMS away from his house is 15165 where as other PSU and central govt clerk is getting 34988 PM. For implementing each and every scheme of GOVT bankers should work day and night by sacrifising their personal life and social life.Who cares about bankers who opened 6 crore PMJDY account within short period.ACHHE din kab aayega?
1 U pl check urself how good ur Govt machinery r working 2 accomplish the projects.So innocent Projects like PMJDY,if can't be executed in time, how cud u address d most demanding security(terrorism),Drugs&Unemployment issues?U want,but who wud materialise it?Ur bureaucracy/RBI(Banks)?Rthey Committed?Rthey Serious?They r2b freed from the Claws of anti India forces/culture skillfully.Pl use ur simple Arithmetic ideas&Monitor the progress of work&flow of each Re.in a time bound manner effectively.
1 First of all give proper guidelines to all banks how to open an account in PMJDY scheme.  Give an opportunity to every citizen of India to open PMJDY account without any bar.  All subsidies / benefits / scholarships / insurance / pension etc., disburse only through  this account. Time being link Aadhaar to this account.  Give common forms to all banks for opening this account. Give more publicity through medias such as News papers / Doordarshan / AIR / other cable TV Channels etc.
1 Post offices must be made to act as mini banks with tie up with nationalised banks. Due to large scale penetration of mobile and internet now a days nobody write letters and will be a good opportunity for retarining reskilling postal staff.
1 MI VIEWS SENT TO RBI GOVERNOR SHRI.RAGURAM ON 09 / 12 /2013 AND REPLY RECEIVED FROM HIS OFFICE ON 24/ JAN / 2014
1 sir please make this yojana a world class yojana by using these ideas thanks
1 make successfully jan dhan when bank reeach to every lost label citizens
1 He show me all farms of this yojna were lying there. Then he forced me to open saving bank account and i opened it with 2000rs. Gov should take a strong action like these banks and peoples. such kind of peoples are responsible to failure of any scheme of government.
1 Sir its my request for exploring the possibility of connecting the "Jhan Dhan Yojana" with Mobile Money and allowing people to maintain "Mobile Balance of Money" and letting them use it for even small transaction (payment at pan shop, Kirana Shop etc). This will help minimize the Cash Handling of People and in the Long Run will help in reducing volume of Black Money. To avoid Money Laundering a upper monetary limit on per day and per month transaction must be set.
1 Sir, This scheme should now be advertised to able people as a social service, asking people if they have enabled opening of at least one back account for the needy
1 We should encourage even children at school above 10 years of age to open minor account. This will help students at mid day meal and other govt operated school. We are not only ensuring enrolment for now but also 20 years from now. A student can deposit 5, 10, 15 Rs at a time. But will have a substantial saving. Govt can also grant scholarships/ awards/ incentives.
1 Contd ...... Another way of success of PMJDY is that to gain momentum of the scheme there should be some reward or incentives to bankers who can attain the targeted accounts. There are bank strikes due to not implementing wage revision and in the midst PMJDY. Please inspire bankers first by implementing wage revision, Now bankers have a miserable life and PMJDY makes it more miserable, so they should be honoured/inspired to make PMJDY a grand success.
1 Please provide the every villages farmers to knowledge of internet and teach them how to farming with new technology nd others country farmers farming techniques and create all the villages in seminar regarding agricultural techniques by the agricultural university people in a week one time...
1 2.Have relationship managers 1 per 1000 and associate relationship managers 1 per 1000. So a Relationship Manager and Associate Relationship Manager for each account holder. A Relationship Manager will act for 1000 customers and also be an Associate Relationship Manager for 1000 more.
1 Honorable PM Ji, We are middle class family shift the residence place when the rent is increased by the owner. Sometime it is not affordable by the middle class when we have a less salary.  To change the new address for Telephone Line other related for change of address. They request for ID Proof and Address proof. We are finding so difficult to change the address. Atleast they can visit the new address and verify it. Please make a system which makes us easy to change the address in fast track.
1 In the second phase of PMJDY, Bank & adhar/PAN card officers/intermediaries should camp outside Rly stn, bus stand & daily wage worker hiring places to open A/C for workers,porters,Riksha drivers,etc. In the third phase students belonging to BPL should be offered incentives/scholarships proportionate to number of people they can enroll in PMJDY . In fourth phase make it mandatory to open PMJDY A/C for anyone with ID proof but not holding any other savings bank A/C. No end date pl.
1 it is the good step toward the economical independence for people, next step interlink every one a/c to their ADHAR.for geting true e-india
1 Dear Pm Sir Greeting of The Day I want to give one suggestion towards State police. As today FIR is entered in System also. Plz ask states to show that on state Police website also so that Status of FIR can be viewed online also. Currently No online ststus is available for FIR Complains. Also make it valid for many administrative purposes like insuranc claim etc so that unproductive work & time will save for public as well as police also Thanks & Regards
1 local govt should have single authority to plan execute and be accountable. all state govt departments/ agencies to fall under this authority. Head of this authority should be a elected person and should write the annual report of the department heads of the excuting agencies. Best would be to have elected body in each distict of india and elements of the state govt such as PWD,medical ,education ,police and revenue collection should  be under this elected district Govt.
1 Misleading advertisements k liye government ko advertisement act me amendment krna hoga or mislead krne wale Ki bail nahi honi chahiye,news paper me ye advertisement nikale pr ban hona chahiye or fire Kisi tarh Ki news pr local government ko turnt strict action Lena chahiye
1 As there are many gov agencies which keep a check on it. But still there dhould be a government report publicily available about the product on a single platform and all the consumer rights and power of consumer to.exercise them in consumer forum.
1 First of all make self defence sports compulsory for all girls and women of any age and from any walk of life. Mind set of people should be changed towards women and it can be done by education only, therefore gov should work towards making India 100% literate.
1 by caught the advertisement agencies and do FIR.
1 RTI has been advertised by states to give all information to the public. however in MAharashtra state information commission is giving reply in Marathi though the query has been in english. on enquirying about this they reply that there is directive from the chief minister office to reply only in Marathi. This means in Maharastra RTI is only for Marathi speaking public and not for non Marathi's. Therefore the very purpose of the RTI as claimed by both center and states is getting defeated.
1 I would like to comment on prevalence of astrology and their false claims. Why in India, when ever they face a problem, they go to Babas instead of Police or Psychologist/ Psychiatrist? There should be a rule to discourage these babas. More number of Psychologist should be promoted. http://qr.ae/diZO6
1 The Government should frequently seek reports from concerned authorities on all anti social activities. Nowadays we see  politicians and higher officials in most of all departments are vastly involved in criminal activities. So there should be a high level monitoring cell with a vision. Safety should be given the first priority all sectors.
1 6.	The rich needs to pay the service charge for the services rendered by the bank: There should be Account maintenance charges for current account customers and the customers who are maintaining minimum 25000/- in the savings bank account on a monthly average balance. The biggest benefit of this is the government doesn’t need to keep aside every year capitalization for the banks as it is doing presently. The charge for savings bank account should be Rs. 50 monthly and current account Rs. 200/- m
1 DISBURSEMENT TO PLANT SUPPLIER AGAINST PLANT & MACHINERY iii.	A visit to some customer of the supplier of plant and machineries need to be undertaken to understand the after sale service of the supplier, in case the cost of plant of machineries is more than Rs. 25 lacs from one supplier.
1 SBI has the best online banking platform, let all other banks also use the same online platform. For instance Bank Of India has the worst online website. Why not let Bank of India also use the same web platform as SBI? This will help attract customers to use online facility more than the physical branches.
1 1. All PSB Business Intelligence Analysis to be merged in one & provide common standard input for all them to secure & grow.. 2. International practises & automation to be used max. 3. Standardise all processes in critical line risk. 4. Customer service to be standardised & if required outsourced to ITES companies.
1 Moreover the bank staffs should be well dressed with proper I'd cards in  there neck as like private bank employees. There should be proper arrangement for the que in the brabch. Public dealing must be done to correct 5 o clock so that it will decrease the work load of the bank staffs. As well as it enhance the satisfaction of customers
1 PSU Banks:- 1. Need transparency in their process. 2. Need to have customer representative who always help with smile to people for senior citizen and illeterate. 3. Lot of efforts to be made to understand for common citizen to understand the banking process. last week i opened by SBI account where i filled all form online only thing they need to assign account no. It took 3.5 hrs to open and complete by process. I think PSU bank staff need to trained again who to service customer.
1 Public Sector Bank Employees are not customer friendly. Complaint box or online complaints against rude & non working employee must be registered,  Provision of penalty for More complaint holder employee should be transferred out of state. As no penal provisions for misconduct is in place & Employees unions issues. PSU Bank employees have no effective Monitoring mechanism. Penal provisons for misconduct necessary
1 Not encouraging in house talent particularly with regard to Information Technology, greater dependency on outside consultants who are alien to the working of the bank, Greater responsiblity and accountability.without any rewards  management top heavy, too many people monitoring the same work like left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing, step motherly treatment to rank promotees.  are some of the short comings. RBI should thoroughly overhaul its monitoring mechanism,
0 BANK IS MY WEALTH TANK
1 remove the clause of job guarantee for the employees in public bank sector, most of the employees in public sector bank act very lethargically as they know they cannot be sent home they work as tho they are doing favor for the customers
1 (1) Govt. should post CMD and EDs of PSBs from within the Bank to ensure better understanding. (2) Indian Bank Association should be strengthened to make uniform policies with regard to recruitment, promotion, transfer and posting of Bank employees/officers. Govt. should issue instructions in this regard through IBA only to ensure uniformity. (3) Wages of Bank-men should be linked with other PSU employees/ Central Govt.  (4) Non payment of Bank dues should be declared as criminal offence.
1 Suggestions for improvement in public sector banking 1. Cheque clearing time should be reduced, and should be done at the deposited branch itself , it should not go to home branch of the cheque giver. 2. Paperless transactions should be introduced. For ex POS machine for payment and receipts. 3. Minimum human maximum works policy can be adopted 4. Loans/ Deposits/ should be made simple to access to people. 5. ATM and Net banking should be promoted to reduce branch visit. May increase limit
1 for psb s the main drawback is RISK AVERSION .always looking for safe options wrt common man but at the same time they magically take huge risks with corporates fight legal battles forever.this is where govt shud step in .the point isbanking shud be flexible APATHBANDHAVA FOR THE MASSES.Technology changes r cosmetic in nature still far away to reach the common man at the bottom of the pyramid.huge population is an opportunity for them rather than a liability (as their mindset is at present ).
1 Public sector banks are not opening SSY(Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana)account. Even after govt publicizing the SSY scheme and wants to build better future for girl child however the support system is not working. Banks still do not know what to do. Why do information flow for banks is so slow in case of Public Sector Banks? They need to act quickly and act in professional manner as private sector banks.
1 We have to factor that the efficiency ratios do not capture the range of activity.for eg state banks do govt business and run currency chests .tThese activity is not captured.Add to this rural banks priority lending  that tilt a superficial analysis.Even so in general terms efficiency is dependent on Quality and extent of computerization,personnel systems and procedures,policies and energy and drive of Top management. Many Banks have not,except SBI,have not reengineerd the processes.urge PSB to
1 make public sector banks 's employees efficient in working .most of the time their behavior with customers is not up-to.Some time because of bank's employees mistake( their part of mistake) customer have to follow long procedure to rectify bank's staff mistake. quality of work and more hours like private banking sector also needed.
1 The present system of banking in India needs to be revamped and 3 types of banks needs to be created by consolidating / amalgamating the existing banks. Stringent laws and deposit information beaurea needs to be created for containing the rising NPA. Some core activities of banks should be outsourced to reduce the transaction cost and operating expenses. the training and transfer policy should be changed to increase the efficiency. Suggestions for this are given in detail in the attached pages
1 Unreturned DEBT money will recovery very fast within six months from anybody.
1 People don;t want to go to Public sector banks because of below: - Not people friendly in behavior - Not at all flexible - Not at all technology/automation friendly - Not ready to try any innovation (except SBI) They should change above and you see MNC/Private sector banks will feel the heat.
1 1.RECRUITMENT OF SUFFICIENT MAN POWER WHICH THE BANKING INDUSTRY IS FACINGI.E.HUGE CRUNCH OF STAFF SINCE SUCCESS OF ALMOST ALL GOV SPONCER SCHEME DIRECTLY RELATED TO BANK AND BANKING INDUSTRY IS ALREADY UNDER THE HEAVVY PRESSURE OF WORK LOAD DUE TO MAINTAINANCE VARIOUS REGULATRY COMPLIANCE AND CSR RESPONCIBLITY AND MASS BANKING 2.REATINING/ATTRACTING  OF GOOD TALENT FOR THE BANKING JOB BY OFFERING REASONABLE SALARY OR AT LEAST  AT PAR WITH CENTRAL GOV EMPLOYEE .DUE TO LOW WAGE AND HEAVVY WORK LO
1 TOLL FREE NUMBERS seems useless because it takes 12-15 mins of time to get customer care executive on call.and many times it's not being connected too. Regional office contact numbers usually shows wrong numbers when dialled especially for SBI.
1 I want to say some points on my personal experience with public sector banks. In most of the banks the staff are emphathetic towards the customers. In most cases they are very rude(I personally experienced in ANDHRA BANK). They doesn't care about customers issues. Very lazy towards the work. This makes the customers restless which is not in case of pvt banks. The most important thing in this competitive world is best service. First PSB's has to improve that.
1 Two of the excellent suggestions in this years budget are: 1. PAN card mandatory for real estate deals above 1 lakh. I request the Hon Minister to extend this to all real estate transactions irrespective of amount. 2. Credit mandatory for paying bills in five star hotels. I request the  Hon Fin. Minister to extend this to all payments in three star and above class hotels and clubs. Let me submit a few more suggestions to the Hon FM: 1. PAN card shall be linked to Aadhar Card.
1 While PSU executives always say of their lesser pay compared to Private. need to rework the arrangement for paying more cash than providing free accommodation at premiere location and other luxury facilities. Let PSU bring a culture of cash compensation and avoid freebies.
1 1)Business Per Employee PSBs is 141%of the PvtBk2)Other Income 8%PSB against 16%PvtBk 3)NPA of PSB 4.5%against 2%pvtbk indicate that The pvtbanks have special machinery and specialise staff to Handle/Contol Other business&NPA.No Use Though Gov increase Employees/Specialists in PSB as Current PSB Organisational Structure of PSB is unable to control.Kolkata Branch contolled by HO in Mumbai same cases for all PSBs.I Suggest a pattern"ONE STATE ONE PSB".which will reduce Admin Expenditre,NPA control
1 1)Built 5  to 7 floor bldgs in all over mumbai so some parking problem solve 2)put heavy tax on second car in family,same thing with 2 wheelers.so because of heavy taxes more and more people use public transport 3) 10 years old vehicle must not run in Mumbai city.
1 clear policy guidelines for spending the money shoud be given to state governments
1 MCGM should charge heavy amount during peak hours on parking places so ppl can shift to public transport or car pool system to avoid heavy chrgs
1 1. For all future planning, parking facility is to be incorporated in the plan compulsorily 2. For exisiting areas, Multilevel automated parking facilities in multistoried buildings could be planned 3. Improvement of metro, light raile transits and connectivity of them with major markets/centre would ease load on parking
1 Instead of municipality taking the vehicles which are wrongly parked, they can just give policemen some digicams(which are cheap), now these policemen can take photographs as proof for wrongly parked vehicles and these can be sent along with challan to their homes...obviously the address can be found from the traffic control system and directory. It will be cheap and benefical in the long run. Further, the big traffic vehicles themselves jam the area.
1 1.Slip road for every bus stand. 2.Market areas should have a common parking area for four wheelers. And market should not be allowed for three or four wheelers. And every person should roam around by walking only
1 In whatever you do for a particular person city or state. Assume the same attitude towards it as you have towards your children. Except nothing in return.
1 Heavy vehiles tempo lorry may not be allowed during day time. For BEST there can be seperate lane. Lane breach can be made serious offence.
1 Gov. should start the manufacturing of electronic items so that the effect of chin on the Indian economy diminish, the common people want to do that but having not a initial capital or knowledge he can't do so. if Gov. start this program with a good spirit give result as employment creation, economical growth and capital saving etc
1 Multilevel vehicle parking is the only solution .
1 public travelling facility availaibility is not proper. so that two wheeler and four wheeler is purchased by public. if the proper and planned public transport is available in any city, personal vechiles automatically minimum. it is also helpful for control traffic and saving nation petrol also. for development of public transport government must take initiative and some issue consider by public
1 Prime Minister may kind enough to provide us the most skilled Deputy Commissioner Mr. Dr.J.Balaji I.A.S. who tries to control mass corruption at Hailakandi District but was transferred by the Govt. of Assam to Kamrup (Rural) District for which we the people of Hailakandi District are upset as there is none to help us in the matter of getting the said D.C Dr. J.Balaji  2nd time to our District of HAILAKANDI. So, I, on behalf of Hailakandi appeal before the Hon'ble  P.M to help us.
1 Local trains in Mumbai are already carrying 10 times more than their capacity, people who are not physically fit cannot travel in these trains.Such is the crowd that unless you are an athlete you cannot jostle yourself through the crowd either at the time of boarding or alighting from the local train.Further, law and order is not taken care of by the Govt. so many cases of pick-pocketing,looting happen in these trains regularly,how can public rely on public transport.
1 Start raahgiri day in a week and use public transports such as metro train...
1 PMji, Implement & copy the parking facilities just like in Dubai.  I suggest to build the parking building in every main centres the first 1- 5 floors (half of total floors) for the street venders for selling their products (space can be allotted by private / municipal & the above floors for parking.  This can be implemented for every fish & Meat / vegetable markets and the customer can park their vehicle and it will help the vendors and the customers to reach the market easily.
1 ...deficit may increase due to domestic borrowing. That's a much better problem to have than the other scenario I was concerned with. Today we can see a Russia, which has more reserves than us, rich in oil and natural resources, a much smaller population having a hard time dealing with sanctions, lack of access to capital markets or capital. If India's rates dropped, our situation could also worsen quickly. But prudent fiscal spending..may be the best answer at the current time?
1 corporates should get finance from overseas bank afterall the interest rate is lower
1 Check the Parking policy by Sydney The Local residents of area are given stickers which allow them park the car in the locality for 24hrs but outsiders cannot the park at the same location more then 4 hrs this will ensure that the Parking is rotated every 4 hrs and is on chargeable basis ensuring local wards receive funds which can create parking like Wohr in Budapest EU in the city without disturbing the traffic under Open Garden Spaces
1 Strict laws should be made for  vehicle  parking in  metro cities.
1 i would like to share my views which is " Indian army or defense have If hsc man to dart in indian army joining in roul ????-
1 (A) Underground space of all bridges to be used for parking with some fee & area to be covered by fencing with space to be provided to pass from one side to another with vehicle. (B)  Public transport facility to be improved in such a way that it needs chip &  vast  so that  people  need not to use vehicle
1 the city of pune has well marked places accross the city where vehicles can be parked.  this should be implemented in mumbai.  more parking lots should be built and the same should be mapped electronically so that the availability of the parking space can be seen on a single app on mobile. however the best thing that can be done for mumbai is to improve the public transport (north south metro is urgent / improved subarban network etc) so that the need to move in cars is reduced
1 HON'BLE MODI JI, KINDLY BESTOW THE HONOUR OF "BHARAT RATNA" TO MUSICAL MAESTRO OF INDIA - A.R. RAHMAN...IF POSSIBLE, DO IT NEXT YEAR BUT, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AS HE TRULY DESERVES IT... HE MUST GET THE REWARD WHICH HE TRULY DESERVES FOR HIS HARD WORK AND HIS DEVOTION TOWARDS HIS WORK AND HIS COUNTRY... PLEASE SIR, KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE.... Warm Regards
1 Absence of rail connectivity remains a major hurdle in industrial growth of MADHYA PRADESH. Indore-Dahod and Indore-Dhar-Chhota Udepur rail projects are running way behind schedule. Please take this issue up.  The slow pace of rail projects will also have an impact on the future projects. The materialisation of a multimodal logistic hub at Pithampur as part of Pithampur-Dhar-Mhow investment node under DMIC (Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor) project will depend to a large extent on the Indian Rai
1 For parking in any city i feel that the following can be done. 1. Multi storied parking can be made just above the railway platforms. 2. Parks can have underground multi level parking. 3. We can also have multi level parking below wide roads. All this is a bit fund consuming which can be recovered by way of parking fees but it will solve our parking problem in the long run.
0 Highly recommended. I want an exchange of ideas and comments on this. http://www.ted.com/talks/pranav_mistry_the_thrilling_potential_of_sixths...
0 Why was my comment not printed
1 Misleading of Recruitment  advertisement by few business/pvt firms including service industry -misleading totally employee ,loss of time, working without pay etc.... & poor service to people
1 make a free SMS programme, so that what people thinks will be directly known by the organisation.after that necessary action will be taken
1 I am from Hyderabad.I heard that some software development work with BARC,Vizag Centre.Data processing & development of Software in Fortran.Earlier under the AMD,Hyd.Why the S&T Min.India not encouraging the Techs.is there any secrecy?Other countries are encouraging software people.but in India,they are discouraging not encouraging.i don't know why S&T taking decisions against the civilians.i hope in the future,this type of work will be given to youth.Your aim of made in India come true.Thanks
1 Let us have a web portal on which anyone can post their comments about an item not being found upto the mark. To check the price rise, we need a consumer movement. If we stop using an item, which is artificially high priced, the prices will come down in no time. This is more so in case of perishable commodities. Unfortunately there is no concerted effort on part of the consumer and we just blame the government for not doing enough.
1 Creativity movment Well done the recent govt.carefully handling the work of peace of country with out of boundary govt,our most people is living below poverty line so we worked their considered, made in India's not only work for reach man,its culture motivation of all people participate to country development then we proved good governance administered hence the govt.better all govt.we also try more good governance administered for all.
1 One humble request to the judicial community and NGOs that they also take suo-moto (himself) action to protect the society from the misleading advertisements.
1 Sir i have purchased sony mobile cost 12,000rs from Sangeetha mobile store AP,HYD. They provided a insurance where i can claim within 1 year for theft,marine and damage. Within 4months i mobile was damaged and insurance took my mobile and took 6months to repair it. Sir no action were taken by police, Consumer forum. Please take necessary steps to stop such frauds.
1 voluntary consumer organisations tackling menace of misleading advertisements is a welcome move but needs to be regulated because of societies bitter experience with extremist womens right group who malign and distroy men who are caught in false cases such wrong cases such things decreases sensitivity of society and when there is real victim who needs justice that victim might not get it, so a cautious but judicious approach is necessary as laws are often used to settle scores.
1 We Should launch a special Train with name experiment, it should run in the all four corners of the Nation. These would help the passengers to give inputs. All new schemes, designs, facilities, amenities, should be launched with this train. New and Enthusiastic Trainee staff should be deployed on the train so that they interact with the passengers who are aware that they are  participating in the experimental train. God Bless My Country.
1 if aadhar card is not mandatory for DBTL then why would the option in T&C " I WILL LINK TO THE AADHAR WITH MY BANK AND LPG ACCOUNT" be given. if someone don'n want to have his aadhar then isn't it an indirect way to catch all through this medium........ very much harassed
1 Punishment clause to be extended to telecasting agencies too
1 We have reduced the Petrol/Diesel prices several times. Now we should not reduce the rates but SAVE THE REDUCED PRICES, MAKE SAVINGS FOR NATIONAL WELFARE,CALAMITY,HELP TO THE NEEDY, because reduced prices will increase more spending and wastage. By saving we will help building a STRONG & ABLE INDIA.
1 Address and contact nos. should be verified before publishing of such fake ads in print and electronic media.Also details of the persons providing payment for these should be kept safe to identify these frauds.Verifications should be quick . Responsibility of media should be fixed so that they will insist on ID proof of concerned before publishing such ads. Strict laws needed.
1 IN ALL THE PRODECUTS THE MANUFACTURING DATE USEBY DATES SHOULD BE VERY VERY LEGIBLE SO THAT WE CAN SEE BY NAKED EYE
0 This is what future of Surat Should Be. Check it Out! #HemantNandwani
1 vigil blowing policy  means once a person come to know that particular add is fake than he must take responsibility to make all others aware by highlighting in media or complaining  to consumer court or other relevant places must make a difference in this issue,. but govt courts or media must have to act fast once a issue comes like this that very impotent.
1 MANAGING THE FINANCES BY HON'BLE MINISTERS - ALL MINISTERS (BARRING A FEW), MPs, MLAs, ETC. MAY BE PAID BEST SALARIES DEPENDING UPON THEIR RANKS AND ALL PERKS MAY BE STOPPED. THEY MAY BE PAID ONE OF THE BEST SALARIES WHICH WOULD INSTILL THE HABIT OF MANAGING THEIR FINANCES AND ALL TYPES OF UNNECESSARY EXPENSES WOULD BE CURTAILED. THIS WAY A LOT OF PUBLIC MONEY WOULD BE SAVED.
1 contd. . 2. Can we use technology to increase health care coverage among indian citizen  3.Can we use technology to increase safetly survilence . Why can we use technology to avoid crime with more and more countries implementing it. .4.Can we use technology to focus on safety of Indian citizen
1 We know about 3-level Consumer protection  courts. We also know about consumer forums. We know how distt. Collectors/ police etc are authorised. But, with all these the PRESENT QUERY TOO presents unsurmountable dilemma facing us! If a FAIR-AND LOVELY  can exist fooling whole 125 crore-population, rest products too can go on fooling us with unholy  misleading advts. With Watchdogs, Distt. collectors can be empowered to slap hefty fines on dupers and/or stiff prison-terms. STRONG WILL SHOWS WAY!
1 Honourable prime minister g i feel sad and hurted that you have called we banker lazy . we are better than all your gov department . I hope your other dept will also make  the swach bharat initiative a succesfull like jandhan yojna as they aye not lazy
1 I think whatever i shared on mygov platform there is nothing to get back as outcome. So, now i decided that after this post i will not send any suggestion. Because sofar i did not get any reply.
1 Now Some Of the Agricultural product are banned to export like pomegranate so Price that product are reduced half of the last year. so it directly affect on farmer so minimum agricultural product do not for export so benefit for farmer will get this is my suggestion to goverment.
1 We know that they are working well. But the more they can do is to to convert the awareness program in a mass movement.
1 Beatles leaves / Pan are also medium of  using drugs like kiwam such products should be banned. regards
1 Dearest PM, Corruption is root cause of all evils-small or big take examples of raps, crime or terrorist activities,  congress and other parties rides on Corruption if you are able to finish CORRUPTION evil from this country, you don’t have to waste lot of energy or these activities which are subsidies of corruption and only focus of development work. Please punish YADAV SINGH as hard as possible treat him like rapist as he has raped  NOIDA and  trying to do this will his evil mind and black money, send strong possible message to society and create fear in minds of these people who involved in corruption and don’t care if some-body is BJP supporter or BJP representative if he is involved in corruption then punish him, Congress ruled for so long because of corrupt practices, please finish this Dracula as black money with in India is as important as black money parked in tax havens.
1 Dear sir, We all know that cigarettes nd tobacco have bad effects. You should stop the Manufacturing of these, even if it provides lot's of taxes to the goverment. I think goverment should not play with lives of people in front of taxes. Thank you sir
1 1. Each and every citizen should be prescribed by doctor thru Adhaar card. 2. You cant get any drug from chemist without prescreption. 3. Link all hospitals, clinics, doctors, patients, and chemist with medical insurance. Adhaar cards As master data and patient record. 4. Only safe OTC medicines can be purchased OTC ans all others without Adhaar not possible. 5. Start with cities and soon take to villages after BB connectivity. 6. If below poverty line or EWS should get treatment meds FREE
1 Also Sir,in selling of hooch anti-social elements gets support of very low level administration,so this way control less anti-social activity widely spread in society and lots of families in society goes in depth of sorrow out of which they never come out,so according to us this is massacre of entire society and it should be stooped effectively
1 HEARD THE MANN KI BAAT ON 14 DEC. GREAT GOING. KEEP UP THE DIALOG. @ VISITING TO NORTH EAST. - I HAVE ONE REMARK TO MAKE. I HAVE BEEN TO SIKKIM TWICE. BOTH TOMES BY ROAD FROM MAHARASHTRA. THE ROAD CONDITION FROM KOLKATA TO SILIGURI AND SILIGURI TO GUWAHATI IS IN VERY BAD SHAPE. YES ITS A GREAT IDEA. BETTER ROAD CONDITION WILL REALLY HELP THIS CAUSE. MILIND PIMPRIKAR
1 PM Sir. We are very happy to see your concern and initiatives towards directing young generation away from drug abuse. Request to look into the reason why they start drug abuse. One main reason very large % young generation stuck in false legal cases without getting justice for years together. this is the main reason for drug abuse. Request to bring reforms in judicial system for timely justice, gender neutral laws. Pl abolish the system of proving innocence which  is against natural justice.
1 Eradicate poverty by moving children found begging in trains to shops,schools.I REQUEST  Govt to work on this children,adults found working in wrong areas,transfer them  to areas where skills can be utilised .God has gifted brain to all but if one doesnt gets pathit becomes waste.Our Honourable  PM understands understands better than me. I saw a boy begging undressed in short pants while travelling by train from NGP- drgI Saw a glow(shine) in his face and I thought to offer clothes go to a shop
1 The only way to stop drug menace would be to simply make the drugs unavailable > If there is no drug to use how would they . Person in posession of drugs should be hanged if found guilty
1 This is a very important topic for young and old.  I am an NRI, who loves India very much.  I have nothing bad to say, but every where I go, I stop people from doing wrong, stop the ill treating of cows, feed the poor, help in my own way to poor as much as I can.  But we need to educate public, by putting more ads to put a stop to unhealthy habits people already have for a long time period.  Drug addiction coaching in schools by govt officials, and on Radio/TV/Road signs in villages/cities.
1 I want that all educated person  they can give any government exam (govt job, govt courses and any diploma etc.) Without 50% marks .government should give chance to all indian to develope themselves. I request to my gov to give freedom in govt exam.
1 1. Drug menace can be tackled only by strict action against the drug mafia. NCB,police and other enforcement authorities should be strengthened and be given enough functional autonomy to take action against the drug mafia. An awareness campaign should be undertaken across the nation and to all sections of society 2. Safety for women - steps to be taken 3. U turn by the govt: this must be addressed to clear the air 4. min gov max governance: this must be explained in the wake of cabinet expansion
1 Stop Drug addiction with tag line "Band Karo Nasha Abhi Nahi to Kabhi Nahi"
1 Drugs should be encountered to spread fear among them. It should be published in all media who took licence to sell their media in India.
1 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens. This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs
1 We are present in over 19 cities in India. We are Narcotics Anonymous. Please contact us for any help in this matter. Our website: www.naindia.in
1 Sir, it is high time when we take some strong initiatives for women security. I feel this is one area which require immediate action. Cases like 'Cab driver raping a girl in delhi' not only create a sense of fear among all the girls but also question the identity of India in the world. Why aren't women feel safe; what steps should we take to improve this situation; should be implement stronger laws, policies & initiatives. Sir, please take some strong steps to stop crime against women.Please!
1 P.M. may kindly consider following. 1. Engage unemployed youth in social justice system / Admn. 2. Seek help of capable senior citizens in Social and Infra- Structural developments including Ganga cleaning /Swachh. 3. Make Banks & Financial institutions more  accountable for major defaulters and help minor defaulters repayments. 4. 4.Classify rich and poor law breakers as reasonable as possible, as condition and compulsion of crime / act should become imp. for just.
1 we must educate our youths and children about the harmful effects of this drugs, seperate chapters in the books should be dedicated for this, we can provide presentation in the form of slides or videos what happens if one take drugs. over the counter drug should be stopped by the retailer without the prescription of doctor, unauthorised seller should be caught. and people who are already drug dependent should be properly counselled and rehabilated
1 Two cures that i being the citizen of the worst hit state will like to share are 1.Efficient and honest will by the authorities and  strict implimentation of laws. 2.Stringent measures for cross border drug trade and giving strict punishment to those invilved not at lower but higher levels. 3.Yoga can be of great use in this as we will never have enough medicines and the medicines too are adictive. And yoga can help build the will power and health required for deaddiction
1 strict law can stop this the main thing is that the suppleir they make more person to addit thats why this thing is growning on give a advertisment on television about new strict law without strict law no is possible they sure about that i sure sir you will get success in this this delar came from different part of work or country and make money from this firstly this attact on college students which can be easily cover for that plz sir make a strict law on it for the new law take a suggest on
1 Very simple. Make every one have spirtual journey from school on wards.make happiness course of www.artofliving.org compulsary in schools n college s.
1 Respected PM. The "increase in usage" tht u talk bout is especially seen among the teenagers. #Like sex education, drug education needs 2 b mandatory in school. #Since its considered as a recreational activity, D Energy of the youth should b channelized into better recreational activities like Trekking, Adventure sports, Parks, etc n suitable facilities should b provided.#If caught, thr should b compulsory rehabilitation program. #Market rate of drugs shld b very high so police need to act. THX.
1 We need to bring meditation to the drug abused people.Here is a report on how art of living, an organisation teaching meditation has successfully  carried out de-addiction programmes
1 Good afternoon; I watched the movie Traffic with Michael Douglas, which also deals with the same problem and the points are true. How to stop young people from consuming illegal drugs when they think it is "cool" and if not, it gets them high if they can't deal with their issues - school pressure/peer pressure / family trouble etc. Also I don't know how much drugs cost but if they are expensive, chances are they are consumed more for partying than depression? My gut would be to look at it....
