0 MODIJI , MAI MAHARASHTRA KE WARORA TALUKA SE HU. ABHI CM SHRI FADANVIS SIR NE 2000 CR. FARMERS KE LIYE SANCTIONED KIYE THE USME SE WARORA TALUKA KO INCLUDE NAHI KIYA GAYA HAI .... AAP AGAR AKAR DEKHE TO PAYENGE KI YAHA FARMERS NE DUSRI FASAL KE LIYE BIJ TAK NAHI BOYE HAI KYUKI YAHA SAB BARISH KE PANI PE DEPEND HAI AUR ES SAL BARISH NAHI HUI....SO I AM ASKING U A QUESTION ....HUM LOGO KO KYU ESASE VANCHIT RAKHA GAYA HAI.....
1 Remove corruption from custom and aviation officers.
0 Honorable PM Shri Narendra Modi Ji it is my request to you plz....initiate steps to stop corruption and...crime against women....
1 I am thinking from last so many days that most of the govt assets such as vehicles , buildings furniture and other assets go rotten because of not proper utilisation by the concerned dept . I feel that administrator should be appointed in every subdivision and district and state level who takes cares of assets of every dept and ensure its proper utilisation as per demand of every dept . These assets are of public and it should not be wasted in this way. For example if any vehicle is not us
0 applied fot residence certificate on 24 December 2014 didn't received yet .
1 Respected Sir I am having just on daughter & now she is in 10st (CBSC). I am confident that she will do well in up coming final exams. But from now I am worried about her 11st admission. The reason is the the admission process. Its very complicated. Even after having school leaving certificate which has information on the student like his caste,school joining date,parents name etc. But during admission domisiale caste ,income  is asked is hectic job. Avoid all this formality for  girl child.
1 Respected sir, Measures are- (1)Each Indian must be covered with Aadhar card, this will enable us to identify & track each person.(2) The severest punishment should be given to those who pull /lure the victims into trafficking.(3)If a common man knows which are the lousy /Redlight areas of his town/village/city, then why decisive action is not taken?Answer is corruption of money & offer of pleasure given to deciding authorities.(4)It is high time severest of punishment be given to corrupt class.
0 pgportal ,  ministry  of  women  and  child  development , REFER  :  DOWCD/E/2015/00292 , reference  :  D O W C D  /  E  /  2 0 1 5  /  0 0 2 9 1  , DOWCD / E / 2015 / 00293 , DOWCD/E/2015/00294 , please  look  into  these  complaints
1 In Patna railways yard there is no security as there are so many unwanted peoples walk into the yard and they take bath/wash their cloth whole days no one is their to check them. RPF is busy in collecting fund from other social anti elements.In this ways railways resources are wasted like any things.Yard should be secured so that no one unauthorized person inter in this area.
1 I knew personally and I heard from Top leaders speech on TVs about human trafficking. India has to develop strong and efficient policy irrespective of caste or religion ideas against human trafficking. We should not discriminate any person in the society, who has done crime must be punished and put into jail. Who are not done crime should not punish. I request to PM sir, please do propaganda among police and govt employees must follow ethics and law in highest regard to people
1 every prostitute/child bagger has to produce her/his indentity with parent verification with DNA test done, so all noncompliance will give us list of girls who are victim ..government can immediately implement this so resourceful prostitution/baggers market  using human trafiking  will stop
1 Judicial Reforms to speed up cases piled up in courts are the most URGENT NEED OF THE HOUR. Otherwise many TERRORISTS WILL BE FREED BY SUPREME COURT CITING INORDINATE DELAY IN HEARING THEIR CASES . The Nithari killer has already got away and it could be Abdul Nazar Madani , an accused terrorist against whom 86 cases are pending in various courts, next. PLEASE ACT AND MAKE JUDICIARY FAST !!!!
0 john williams.sir, Pl send the reminder by a Regd Post.sir please address post
1 Human trafficking has become very serious or incurable disease. My opinion is that Central Govt. in association with all State Govts should make a common website with all details of missing persons. A separate/independent agency rather than local police should investigate such cases coz these crimes are done by white collar criminals. Criminal history of such criminals should be disclosed on aforesaid website. Sharing data of missings at national level by all means would be first step. Jai Hind.
1 Narendraji, I have seen how labor is exploited by another senior labor(Incharge) in most of the construction industry. It is like supply of labor. Under your strong leadership people want to invest in India and develop it. As the aspirations of even the most illiterate and so called backward class have risen there is a rush to encash the growth through any means. My suggestion is let there be no growth unless it can be sustained. There must be strict vigil on compensatio paid to even teh labor.
1 Values,culture,and unity of the country is very important for every Indians.When we Indians are in doubt we look inside ourselves for answers than outside.The moral degradation,loss of values and culture among the today's youth is a concern for us.Freedom to choose your life style is important,youths can run after money,wealth power but where is the opportunity who want lead a life of austere,my suggestion is to protect heritages & sanctity of ancient cities like Varanasi,PURI,Ujjain,etc .
1 Human trafficking need to be tackled with heavy hands.  Till the time there is no fear in the minds of the people involved in this henious crime, they will continue.  The present system seems to have failed in controlling this problem.  The best way is to have a separate Cell under the Home Ministry with special task force backed with local informers. The branches should be set up in each state. Strict vigil should be in the vulnerable areas with randam checks of suspected vehicles, trains, buses, etc.
0 no discussions on article 370 till you put yourfeet very firm in delhi and ges majority in rajyasaa
1 Respected Sir, Thanks for good work. I want to bring your attention to an increasing horror of beggars in India.  It is a horrible chain starting from kidnapping children, making them disabled and forcing them to beg. Many sedated infants can be seen carried by beggars to gain sympathy. Something should be done to rescue these children and reunite them with their families. DNA matching between parents who lost their kids and  children rescued can be done to help reunion. Plz do needful.
1 A missing person description should reach the mobile through SMS and take help of cellular services ,prize to be included.
1 and to check trafficking in sex workers,they should be legalized, with legalizing STDs may also get checked and it is good way to get revenue as well as to end stigma, they may return back to society as in their old days might have been miserable.and  with proper counselling they should be sent to places where they can earn a life with dignity. Persons trafficked to foreign country may get checked by creating a separate cell in vigilance dept with all necessary powers
1 Government should rehabilitate the sex workers and ensure the eradication of the prostitution.by strict decisions and no new girl should enter in prostitution. Jai hind
1 Human beings are trafficked in various facets - maidservants, unskilled/skilled labour, prostitution, emigration, slavery etc.  Fake orphanages get foreign aid & keep so-called orphans who are used as slave labour. Traffickers lure women as maidservants & then betray them by forcing them into prostitution or sex-slaves. Rampant emigrant trafficking exists in which people migrate illegally due to better livelihood in European/American countries. ALL TYPES EXPLOITATIVE, WRONG & HAS TO BE STOPPED!
1 We have Demat accounts to keep all our stock and assets,Then why can not introduce national database of the Application form for unemployed or employed youth with all their detail qualification and skills,so they need not fill the same form again and again for the applying jobs, They need to just give their ID number  and apply different jobs immediately for different organization and save cost,time and efforts.All the existing state employment exchange  can be linked with the national exchange.
1 BJP, please increase the number in Rajya Sabha and clear all the pending bills before people lose their trust in you. Congress doing all silly propegenda to keep you away from rajya sabha
1 India need urgent science & technology only one thing is not with india because of last 50 year poor governs,  so there is a necessary govern focus on science & technology in education & practical support which indian have a talented but no money for rnd in science.
1 20 Days.So sir my humble request to u that plz think on his matter if feasible then plz implement...
1 First we should generate the right jobs as per skills. One bakery wala and 1 normal shopkeeper earns more than a B-tech fresher ? The company's come to NCR region for college placements gives very less salary compare to what they offered in Karntaka's colleges and if you see cost of living in NCR and Bangalore both are same but NCR people works at very less package compare to Bangalore also growing opportunities are very less in NCR.
1 In every single sector and office of the government, if you digitalize the work, then, eventually, there will be lot of opportunities and scope for almost every kind of roles and responsibilities. Also, I would like to add that interview process needs to be more transparent for selection of any post. Second, please choose the deserved candidates. I can openly say that not all govt officials are selected based on merit or ability, but the ability to bribe/Quota. I have heard this pain from many.
1 Sir, The idea of career centres is excellent.I'd suggest that employment exchanges should be operated in every village our country(Just like gram panchayats).It should be made SSC/10th everyone must enroll with these employment exchanges.Employment must be provided even in the private firms through employment exchanges only. A G.O in this regard must be issued by Central Govt,such that ail the private companies gets registered with these employment exchanges giving vacancies list
1 computer job coding & a hundred other skills.Tourist guides, cab drivers, auto drivers, any skill taht can be taught must be taught.The admissions and fees may be kept low to enable large scale employability.
1 There is every need that a wide-reaching campaign be launched in every nook and corner, and far-flung areas of the country to make aware the targetted budding beneficiaries of the proposed Career Centres, the availability of facilities for them to get themselves well-equipped in areas/fields they see themselves well suited for. "CATCH THEM YOUNG." SHOULD BE THE 'GUIDING-LINE HERE ALSO. IT IS FAR EASY FOR A YOUNG MIND TO ADAPT ITSELF TO A PARTICULAR  MOULD AND MODEL WHEN IT IS YET TO BE MOULDED.
1 Name in English: National Employment Gateway (NEG) Name in Hindi: (Rashtriya Rojgaar Dwar) The suggested System Flow is mentioned in the pdf. #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov
1 Young generation to be utilized in service sector. Retirement age still can be reduced to 55 in a phased manner. Secondly, services of the person above the age of 55 to utilized in government / companies as an expert / specialist / advisories etc till the age of 70 or their physical / mental fitness permits
1 1.Special focus should be on young people of rural areas who left their studies early for some reason. If they are doing farming they should be sent for a short duration of agricultural course which will help them to learn modern techniques. 2.Career centres should be in every panchayat level whereas skill centres could be in some districts only. 3.A webportal like just dial should be launched to register all local service providers and give them identity and verification(will check crime als
1 #MyGov: The first thing what we have to change is the way of designing our syllabus. Through our schools we provide such knowledge which is of no better quality. In terms of CBSE the education is good but when the matter comes to the state's syllabus it creates the differences. Firstly hike the quality of state pattern.
1 Let people stop fighting for few jobs.Let everyone get to know about various opportunities that will remove unemployment.eg setting a football school or y can't a farmer given pay to give lecture on agriculture for youth.Let's have a broad mind
1 Respected Sir,  We have written lots of time about how to improve education but could not see any effect.  We have to save girls more and also increase the facility to her for education and their security. We have to make a low for it.  All government employees(minister,IAS,IPS,Judges etc)  kids should be study in Government school as least till 12 class. After you will find automatically improve all girls security and facility in all school. Please take action on this plan.
1 For the purpose of information about various programmes offered by Indian educational institutions, I have compiled a web site http://careergraphy, with available information.  The idea is to inform the student community about the opportunities that are available in India, for a better career. N.J.L. RAVI 9894581499
1 There are different types of intelligent tests and aptitude test....use them and find where the natural talent of the individual lies in....after that you may go for career centers or training centres
1 Sir, Linking with voter IDs by established secured network offices by Government and providing at least one person with a job assurance to a family will be a good scheme I hope. But providing one person a confirmed job in a family all over the families of our country, through Government providing jobs is not possible to everyone. So, on behalf this the private employers establishments taken by Government through some part of recognition (like a bank recognized by Government) and considering.....
1 HELLo, Its a huge problem for most of the poor student to get job in their profession sector. I am who passed my BCA degree & having 2 years Educational Gap because of money problem & also family problems. So my question is to GOv. Of India that why every Firm of Organization not giving the opportunity to people like us who's having educational Gap. I think we are capable of working in professional sectors and having good knowledge of our Profession. Then why it is so?. Thank you.
1 This is the need of the time. It must be reachable to the remotest area of our Nation by all means of ads. Through net, mouth to mouth, Authority to Authority, every person must be aware about it
1 #CareerCentre #MinistryofLabourandEmployment #NationalCareerService #NSC #NationalCareerServiceProject #MyGov  Stop outsourcing. You make our own product by ourselves.motivate our entrepreneurs to make own product as "Make in India". So labour and experts required and it is good for our economy
1 what is the purpose of these career centers? will they provide jobs in the pvt. sector or in the psu. or govt. employment. Private sector knows how to hire and i dont think they will take advice from the govt. while hiring. Impetus should be in the farming entrepreneurship, to make our farmers more productive and market their products in the market. In west bengal this time of the year the production of Potatoes are bumper production and market is bad for the potatoes as they selling @ Rs.2/kilo
0 Dear Sir, Greetings from Rehab India Foundation Rehab is a non profit organisation established in 2008, with head quarters in Delhi. We have prepared a well planned project proposal for the career centres as per your request. Please see the attached file to see the project proposal for the same. Hope your will like it. Thanks and Regards, Muhammed Jabir M M Project Manager Rehab India Foudation New Delhi Mob: 09560754557 Email Id: jabirpeta@gmail.com
1 2. "Man is the architect of his own fortune"-if we remember this wise saying and advance in the way of life with firm steps, our poverty and misery will disappear, and peace and happiness will be our constant companions.
1 Database Architect - basic but real knowledge of Sql, A programming language , an ETL tool , OLTP tool . must required. Astronomy- Quantum physics , Relativity , Engineering degree must Clothing manufacturing , shoe manufacturing - latest fashion , low cost manufacturing strategy, prospecting market india or other developing country Synthetic hair wig has great demand abroad for indian hair
1 #roadwaytosuccess The main reason why we end up with wrong jobs or career is the lack of proper guidance at deciding points of our life. In India SSC and HSC are two such crucial stages of our career one wrong step an you end up wasting your precious years. We need to bring #careerguidance mandatory in our curriculum. But that shouldn't be a formality ,Students should be asked to do research on different career options and then discussions should be done on that. #youth #change
1 Add publik poll for directly pass publik interested bill through general public
0 I v very interest to serve at interior village people's by our priminister scheme all so indeed approval .
1 DON'T DISTURB THE PEACEFUL ENVIRONMENT BY DISCUSSING ON SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS. NO SINGLE STATE GOVT IS READY TO LOOSE THE POWER. YOU CAN CONDUCT SINGLE ELECTION FOR PARLIAMENT ONLY NOT FOR ASSEMBLIES.
1 LS elections can be done separately and  All Rajya Sabha Elections separately with 6mnths gaps Pros: less election time, expenditure control on black money more working days for govt as less days wasted in Model Code of Conduct. Cons: if a govt wins election it will stay 5 yrs in power no prob with that, but if in center and state same party comes to power, then, they wont have motivation to work for starting 4 years and will work in election year only. (cz public memory is short lived)
1 Excellant measure having huge impact socially & economically. Mr. PM, if any one can do it (like GST) it would be only u and like GST it would be path-breaking political reform of Independant India
0 Postal department is not paying me my daughter's dues see the attachments Your Registration Number is : MOIAB/E/2016/02356 - 12/10/2016 Refrence--  MOIAB/E/2016/01543 Your Registration Number is : DPOST/E/2016/07643 -10/07/2016
1 It provides power in government and also forces parties to do more work than politics.So, after their term ends they can show their report card to their people. This will also provide the time to the politician to think about doing something rather than only showing. much needed...much needed...much needed...#SimultaneousElections
1 It is a matter of national importance.In my views it would be the greatest change after independence in our country.But for that we have to take all parties into consideration and that is going to difficult because there are reasional parties which are not going to be ready for that.Because we well no that they work for their own interest not for country.so I would hope from my people's prime minister that he would take this decision as early as possible.
1 simultaneous election lay platform for sound governance. There will not be any hurdle to the government  in implementing   Policies  and decisions of the Government  There will not be any pressure on the decision outside the governance . Further unnecessary expenditure on election will be reduced  State central and inter state relationship is more viable
1 yes its very good for nation
1 The effort that is enjoined in realization of simultaneous elections is not merely as simple as its appeal is profound but behooves perseverance to be perspicacious and paramount so that the effects of simultaneous elections before and besides serving any interest enriches people and democracy and makes for endurance of constitution. Enumerated attachment’. Regards
1 My answer is big No. It will only complicate the matter. My detailed view is attached. ram sharan
1 All state assembly elections should be done simultaneously to reduce election cost, time but not along with Parliament election.As Parliament elections are dominated by National parties and if State Assembly elections and Parliament elections done simultaneously, It will beneficial for National Parties but It mostly causes loss for Regional Party.So, According to me, Parliament elections and All state assembly elections should be done at different time.
1 In my opinion simultaneous election has merit over current practice considering the following : Cost reduction and savings in manpower loss. Opinion of the people is same for the central and state government.
1 Yes, and a very emphatic YES. It will still be only a small step toward the BIG dream of Good Governance - which means "doing" not just blah..blah... Election Commission must think of critical reforms, to save democracy from a state resembling anarchy that prevails in many - almost all - states, e.g. J&K, UP, Bihar, Karnataka, Delhi... If we don't, God also does not save us!
1 R.Ramanathan, Scientific Officer (Retd.),BARC, Mumbai. Following is my considered view on the subject of Simultaneous Elections to Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas: 1.Constitutional amendments to Articles 83, 172, 85 and 174 must be carried out to streamline   the process: 2. It is desirable to hold simultaneous elections as a result of which besides the reduced expenditure MPs and MLAs can concentrate on nation-building process and money saved on this method can be used for development work. Also
1 I think it is a sound idea to hold simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and State assemblies once every five years. These houses/assys should have a fixed tenure of five years. However, ways will have to be devised to check horses trading in assys of smaller size especially where the mandate is fractured or parties have near equal strength. Frequent efforts to topple govts by competitive political parties will become order of the day. A way out can be to ban defection altogether.
1 I think simultaneous elections should be held.In the present scenario the parties are always engaged in the circle of elections and their focus shifts from important issues.
1 Yes, absolutely. Every elected government - whether Congress or BJP or any other state/ regional party - must be able to implement their manifesto without having to bother about any upcoming elections, until the end of their term. To that extent, I feel Central and State elections must be held together. Clubbing of local/municipal/ panchayat elections may be preferable but not mandatory, since their impact on central or state level governance is not much.
1 it will top class action by which country can save to much money
1 yeah it will be good for country because political parties are always busy in their election companion there focus on the country is less due to repeatative election simultaneously election will help out in making such issue
0 Respected Modi Sahib My Co. The Oriental Insurance Co made injustice with me and expelled me from the Co. Hence I would like to see you. I am very poor man they have snatched my family butter and bread. I am 53 years old. Now can i do without job. Pl. call me. Myno. is 09582038973
1 It would be an incredible idea for incredible India, as if election are being conducted within a week then working people who's staying away from home can take leave cast their vote for both parliament and state and can come back without having a second thought for election for the next 5 years. I'm in favour of this part.
1 Yes the loksabha and vidhansabha elections should be done simultaneously by this the time,money and wastage of govt machinery will be stopped. One big thing there will be a lots of progress
0 I have uploaded my view in PFD File.
1 I feel that lok shabha and assembly elections should be held simultaneously. This will save lot of resources, time and money. I agree to the views mentioned above
1 Please make one india one language, if it's not possible then it'll never be possible to make a developed country as India
1 placing servers programmed in tamil and hindi only and covert and compress the into chips and then they should be placed in each and every pen so that when the pen is highlighted over a tamil text  the server immediately catches the command and displays it on the paper automatically these pens should be named as translation pens and should be sold in the market ...i hope this will work
1 OPEN FORUM1) Under#Disaster Resilient India# New Idea a future device design by me Abhilekh kaushik  in imagination for underground detecting people under building collapse earth quake and other resuce operation by Army Navy Airforce Special Force NDRF SDRF….BHARAT MATA KI JAI…VANDE MAATRAM.I SERVE MY NATION TRULY MY PEOPLE AND MY STATE..JAI HIND.
1 This might be a little off topic but if the system is based on voice recognition then it may also help those people who face difficulty in reading or writing. Meaning that, if the user is asked a question verbally and is allowed to input answer verbally then it may benefit more in some scenarios. System can record the voice responses. Just a thought.
1 It can be used to digitize legal system's old files. Initially it will have a two pane method to show recognized content vs actual ones. Unrecognized works and characters will be left as it is and highlighted. Plus point here will that a single document will mostly have single hand writing so correcting one letter will correct it at all places in the document. Also, this correction can be done using captchas especially on IRCTC website!! #DeitY, #OnlineHandwritingRecognitionSystem, #TDIL, #MyGov
1 The Tamil tool works fine except when the letters are not tilted towards the left side. Also, when tried with mouse instead of a stylus in a laptop, it fails to recognize. But I think they can be easily rectified with proper efforts. Otherwise, this is a very good initiative taken. All the best. Thanks.
1 There are huge people in India who cannot express their innovative and constructional ideas for the society because only they don't know to write English. This online handwriting system can pull those Smart people into smart India which will aid the success of Digital India and more.
1 I was trying to use application, but accuracy seems bit less and looks like there is no correlation between words. When i write words at an angle, accuracy drops a lot, some preprocessing  could be done here. Accuracy could be improved, with large scale neural network and deeplearning. Is there a white paper for this? some suggestions could be done if it available.
0 bharat jodo bicycle historical  bharat jodo yatra 1 11 1988 t0 26 03 1989 me arunachal to okha me huyi.baba amteji ne ayojan kiya tha usme 22 state ke 87 bhai bhen the unkas sanman government kare sujav
0 my daughter yashika
1 since because of language many can't express they valuable ideas but this provide them to express their opinions
0 respected pm modi sir,i have struggle from childhood to now.i am self made engineer.i have taution after enginnering class  for earn money.12th class to m.tech(cs) studies by self earn money by tution.i am free teching for poor & small charge for middle class.i have 3 sister.my father is small worker.which not earn money for my study & marriage my sister but i am very struggle 16 hrs work then one sister lawyer & yonger sister b.pharma.&so,many help to poor & low middle class student.
1 uselessly trying to create what already exists there. instead, we must focus on leveraging available technology and mediums, create new platforms so that benefits may reach the greater portion of our population.
1 sir you are doing great work do like this in future also...our best wishes are with you..!!! online recognition is good..sir in india you should made this in-built function in mobile phones..which not only help the peoples but also the government...the system should be  made like this which can recognised all  handwritings.
1 Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Access for everyone is a different goal — universal access. We support universal access, but it must be to the public Internet, not some private walled garden. Don't allow telcos to split the internet and become gatekeepers of what the next 1 billion Indians can access.
1 Under#Disaster Resilient India# Majuli island Assam soil erosion the loss is our pain after next State Govt Form we can do this..1) To reduce soil erosion plant tree according to the direction of wind. Roots of plants hold soil reduce erosion.2) We can introduce jute sack netting or nylon netting immerse or tuflon manmade netting.3) Rock hard rock stone sand bag cement bag barricade.4) channelize the water flow by tube or pipeline.5) By soil grafting earth shifting different types of EARTH.
1 I downloaded the keyboard to my android device.. the classification accuracy is decent but not impressive. I am not sure the learning model used for training the system, even with less samples I would recommend using the writing mechanics to find the geometric invariants, instead of a deep convolutional net currently state of art for MNIST dataset. I would recommend create a similar dataset for all Indian languages for testing character recognition algorithms. http://ucrel.lancs.ac.uk/acl/H/H94/
1 Sir, from last 6 months Ex Defense Officers are sitting on Dharana for 'One Rank One Pay'. Why they are not participating in gas subsidy surrender movement. They all are drawing at least Rs 25000/- per month. It is my suggession that an appeal should be made to leave claiming their Gas Subsidy by all class 'A' and class 'B' Government officers of the country in 'Man ki Baat' by none other than prime minister himself. Thanks RKU
1 Hi Sir, There are some inputs 1.Make all Applications Mandatory to fill-up online(includes Employment,Real-Estate,Education),if proper proof is not uploaded you can't fill it;you can submit it anywhere in state/india. 2.All documents like PAN,AADHAR,LICENCE,Passport,Votercard and other IDs should link,why these many IDs required.3.Common language in India for Govt Paper Work.4.There should be Single Person who will reply and one should know once application is submitted.
1 Sir,in view of electricity theft can we sell electricity on board cost and pass the subsidy in consumer account so that we catch up theft . After the successful implementation of jandhan yojna we have opened huge bank accounts . We can start this project from circle level.
1 sir, pm narendra modi our education system is wrong way so frist we think correct education system or young student or unemployed students ko technology ki correct traning dekar young bharat ka nirmad kiya ja sakta h
1 in bharat only hindi should be acceptable at each stage leaving apart other languages as this can only bring bonding among all accepting all regional languages creates a void among all
1 Reduce the fear of Income Tax Department / Police.
0 PM SAHAB NAMASKAR PM JEE AAPNE BAHUT SARE SKEEM JAISE (1)DIGITAL INDIA(2) MAKE IN INDIA (3) PAHAL (4) JAN DHAN YOJANA (5) PM BIMA YOJNA (6)SAWCHHA BHARAT ABHIYAN (7) BLACK MONEY SIT TEAM (8)SMART CITY YOJNA (9) GRAMIN VIDHUTI KARAN YOJNA AADI BAHUT SARE YOJNA AAP DESH ME LAGU KIYE MAI AAP KO IS KE LEYE DHANIYAWAD KARTA HU. PM SAHAB MUJHE AAP SE GUJARIS HAI KI MERE IN NICHE LIKHE POINT KO DHIYAN DE AUR SAMJHEYE 1. MERA NAM JAY KUMAR, MAI KISAN KA BETA HU KHETI KARTA HU. CHHATTISGARH STATE KA HU
1 Dear Modiji, I have a simple suggestion that you open various kiosks at significant locations within the city to spread awareness and apt handling of such systems so that citizens would be able to understand their compatibility with them. Such systems were implemented by M.C.G.M in Mumbai to provide city, tourist, public transport info., navigation info. to visiting tourists as well as localites. Also we can implement such systems on trial basis in Ration shops, postal services etc.
1 regional apps are necessary
1 Sir, Pls bring some strict punishment for crime like terrorism & rape, they should be hanged, Nirbhaya case criminals are not yet hanged & so rape in our country is a normal case & criminals r not afraid as they know they will not be punished & we r talking about Girl child education,beti bachao beti padhao whats the use when they dont have freedom to walk freely, talk freely,dress freely no use sir until this mentality changes & strict rules r implemented & criminals should not be spared
0 Pls substitute word LORD in place of order in the last line of my previous post.
1 Online voting should be started as soon as possible so that youth residing outside their state can contribute positively..
1 Climate Change:The global incidence of drought has already doubled over the past 30 years. Severe regional impacts. Example: River flooding will increase and in coastal areas the risk of flooding, erosion and wetland loss will increase substantially. The existing risks of species extinction and biodiversity loss will increase.The greatest impacts will be on the poorer countries least able to protect themselves from rising sea levels.
1 Before we talk on educating rural india on digital marketing, ecommerce, firstly we need to think about on which languages still large population of india is not comfortable in english rather interested in getting explanations in their own languages. however, it becomes very important to focus either on content on local languages or in one indian language (could be hindi) then comes the educating exercise and the best medium is to replicate pm's discussion on chai formulla with mutimedia form
1 Respected Hon'ble PM,SUGGESTIONS FOR CREATING CREATION OF CONTENT FOR DIGITAL MARKETING COURSE IN USING E-COMMERCE SITE ARE TO PROCESS OF PRACTICALKNOWLEDGE ,SELECTING PROCESS OF ALL STUDENTS TO GETTING REQUIRED SERVICES ARE TOTALY BASED ON PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE NOT ONLY TO TAKE SCHEDULED KNOWLEDGE BUT SOMETHING MORE MUST BE ACHIEVED.
1 Rural Development - I feel it can be a 3 step process. (1) Create village clusters (2) Initiate co-operative value adding industries for local produce (3) create co-operative transport system for transporting the products to cities or mandies. Product processing or development or Value must be added at local level to increase earnings for basic producer. Villagers must create wealth in their villages by value addition to their produce at local levels.
1 in some of the items, we should have open policy, like in umbrella cloth fabric, it is practically NOT AVAILABLE in India, save one company, so the duty of import should b reduced which will create job opportunity and boom for MAKE IN INDIA, but if we continue to give undue protection to one company...its Govt's Decession
1 The delays and cost overruns, under utilization of resources prevail at all level in Indian Infrastructure Project. The economic growth depends on its key resources perform to or exceed baseline productivity and efficiency target. If a Nation’s productivity increases day by day, the Economy will run smoothly and reduce Government Expenditure. So Infrastructure Project Completion on Time and Within Cost Reduce High Government Expenditure.
1 Save tree Save life
1 Save Soul of Make in India!! It is very much painful to see captive power blocks are discriminated and separated from regulated tariff power plants. Odisha has several captive power plants whose coal blocks are cancelled, and in auctioning list, only one block is kept for them. All the large blocks are kept for power sector which disqualifies captive power plants for bid for such blocks! Polify Anatoly needs immediate correction dear PM! Only with competitive power India can be a global winner!
1 My q: How banks cheat with customer,which is happened in my life recently I have loan of hdfc bank &emi is 2694 just one day dely talk with customer care they suggested to pay overdue online & have paid on date12th Dec2014.Afterthat they send again request to Icici bank for money reduction on date 16th Dec2014. When I talk with customer care they told me they will charge for around 700 &will redecorate my money after seven days & also cust.care misguided me.due to this I lost 1500 pl suggest.
1 In our India already the public libraries are setuped all over india, So people of our country can make use of such libraries, and response of people is also good, They come to libraries and read the books news papers etc. So I think first the people should have computer operating knoweledge, this is possible by setuping the public computer training centers all over india, So people come and lean the basic computer operating knowledge to the centers.
1 PM's gesture & remarks on brutal massacre in Pakistan were very apt & correct. SUGGESTION: Invite the STUDENT  SURVIVORS  of this episode to INDIA as NATIONAL  GUESTS to help them overcome the bad effects of trauma. This gesture will have positive impact.
1 Online profile of each Indian national should be developed. This is to serve the requirement of documents at various locations and institutions. This way we could eliminate the delays caused by KYC and various documents verification process. This might work on model of smart cards with OTP based verification to be used at all govt offices where POS kind of device should accept the application from card only.
1 Free 1GB of 3G Internet data should be provided by the govt. to each family of India.There after e-commerce will be successful in india.Unless it will be burried under the Slogan of 'Digital India' etc.......
1 As we are giving more emphasis on opening a saving bank account in the bank with the help of aadhar card. The govt should also instruct the bank for doing e-kyc for a loan account and linking that aadhar card with loan a/c by which a person will not be able take many loans from many banks and making them NPA. It will give clarity to bank to choose the right customer for loaning
1 Most of the older generation and rural people does not use technology due to a language barrier. most software is used by other Indians in English and hence participating for non-English speakers is hard. WE SHOULD ENCOURAGE THE USE OF APP DEVELOPMENT IN REGIONAL LANGUAGES. Also, we should teach everyone to use INSCRIPT KEYBOARDS with which one can type in most Indian languages without knowing the script and/or push for phonetic input on social media for people only using qwerty keyboards.
1 my village name: khambhali, plz help of my village school building devlopment
1 Make one library in each village(or2\3 closed village).provide internet connection to the library, appoint one village student in that.use indian post more versatile for e- commerce business in digital India plan.first introduce in sansad adarsha gram yojana in 700➕ village then look the feedback.
0 Please sir read this letter and respond it.
1 digital marketing course in using e-commerce Before we Make Internet Connection for ever People So that All Over company Charge Less then Past time So quickly All Internet Provide  Company's That Company Charge Decreases Day By Day.Then We make E-Commerece. www.nareshprajapatmogra.blogspot.com www.nareshprajapatinfotech.blogspot.com www.mograkalaninformation.blogspot.com
1 E,commerce is help full to all in their respective fields.
1 I have a complaint regarding the account opening of Jan Dhan Yojna in Axis Bank Branch Bahu Plaza, Jammu , J&K. Please Guide me what should I Do?
1 1. Net Neutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they can't charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to all content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
1 stop being a dictatorsip government and work lke a rational human being for the equality of all the people and not for benefit of few "people and Organisation". and don't have new and complex defnations to distract people. stop unnecessary licensing and regulation WE WANT REAL NET NEUTRALTY not defined by telecom regulators. we want real net neutrality not the one defined by the telecom companies. we want to access everything equally we don't want to pay saprately to access different websit
1 Licence for watsap calling viber or any other app should not be there
1 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone NO hike in internet plan
1 Books should be easily available. I suggest if Government plans for some Digital library in which any one can read any type of book easily and download it as well.
1 Give the same law of NET NEUTRALITY which was adopted in USA.please treat all the data with equality. whether its a person or data ,the person/data (citizen / netizen ) should be treated equally ,our preamble of the constitution says that. do not make your TERMS AND CONDITIONS violate the CONSTITUTION.
1 We do not want this stupidity. No net neutrality. We want freedom to access whatever we want.
1 we dont want to give that right what to do on internet to the telecome company. this is the direct attake on the pms DIGITAL INDIA PROJECT.
1 GO FOR E-LIBRARY CONCEPT
1 setup large public library in every city and they should bigger and rich in terms of books. It should have all language books. if good books are in library people will read it without any campaign. government can open bookshop where we will get all books by govt. as well as private publishers. please abolish system to ask guarantee from MP/MLA/Corporater/other govt. officer,many do not go to library because of this.And copyright should be of author only.
1 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone #NetNeutrality
1 national competition for best book in each category.
1 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens
1 Net neuratilty is not for me or you, people open ur eyes and compare with the world..why do we stay behind in  this race of digital world.just because some people need money for their pocket!! people who work under these telecom companies are also WE "indian"  so better decide what we need for our selfs....SAVE INTERNET AND ATLEAST LET PEOPLE OF INDIA HAVE SOMETHING
1 Digital India does not require Net Neutrality... Please stop this
1 I support net neutrality as we got freedom. We are paying you the full charges and telecompanies got no right to decide what we need to access what we do not need to access. Here is the time for change. Its our Honorable prime ministers tag of Digitalization of india.so net neutrality is the need of the hour.so please don't change the defination of net nutrality and support the cause bring a good law.which is needed.
1 Connecting Rivers - Connecting Lives........
1 "Education is the manifestation of the perfection already in man" — SWAMI VIVEKANANDA... http://www.swamivivekanandaquotes.org/2013/04/swami-vivekananda-quotes-o... You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
1 Citizens needs COMPLETE   A to Z access to Internet
1 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 Anything and Everything on the Internet Should be accessible to everyone without having to pay for it seperately. Telecom companies Shouldnot be given power to define NetNeutrality
1 1. We don't net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We wish to access anything anytime without having to pay for it separately. *By asking companies to take license for allowing VOIP calls all your are doing is destroying innovation. Innovation in telecom was what has brought the telcos this far. It is unfair that they want VOIP to be charged separately.*
1 I don't want Telecom companies to determine net neutrality .I want to access internet fully without having to pay differently. I also do not want licensing for apps like watsap, Viber etc.
1 .We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to every one
1 we don't want "NET NUTRALITY"  to be defined by the telecom companies.
1 Set up new metro lines in Big Cities. Doubling the current capacity and introducing Airconditoned travel.
1 Let the govrnment shart initiative to built bicycle pathways in major city centres and by promoting the pathways  many more bicycle users will turn up.. GO GREEN..
1 Dear Prime Minister ji, I know entire world will chase you down like land bill if you introduce the compulsory surrender of LPG subisidy by all MP, MLA, MLC (present as well as past) and class-1 Officers (Centre as well as State). But, i know you can do it also. Regards Surender
1 why not ask politicians to not take fat honorariums from Parliament as all they do is break furniture in the house, do rowdy behavior, make unnecessary demonstrations to stall house proceedings. why not ask politicians not to get highly subsidized food in all assemblies and the Parliament also. why not ask politicians not to occupy highly luxurious mansions at nation's cost? why not ask politicians to pay for all medical services, Z-security, food and amenities, travel they enjoy
1 save fuel & save money
1 Jai Hind sir       is this possible to make all vehicle run by 3 energy example one car having  CNG + BATTERY + SOLAR PLEAT Cobain engine totally pollution free end Eco friendly car for new Bharat you can ask company to work on this kind of Engine
1 Its a good initiative to have a solar park. But I would suggest one step ahead of this. Why can't there be "Health Park" and 'Solar Park' would be a sub-set of this. Municipal co-operation develops parks in the cities. In place of that think for a "Health Park", having track for morning walk on the outskirt of the garden. Think, if the garden is fenced with Solar and Wind plates. Suppose that in the morning and evening, chanting of ved mantra is continuing. In the mid of the garden there is Ayurvedic garden with plants such as 'Aloevera, Tulsi etc and on the track side there are fruit trees e.g. Mango, Guava, Pomegranate etc. and also trees whose wood can be sold e.g. Shisham, Jaamun, Sagwaan etc. While leaving the garden, People can purchase some items their only.  Also a fish pond in the centre of the park. Think, in the same garden cultural activity is being performed. Why we always think and govt. drains crore of rupees on a single task. Why we not think for an integrated approach! A day to day increase of crime is taking place because we are not socially bound together. We try to copy what we see on the TV while in a nearby flat or house, a great artist lives even then we approach TV or film celebrity. Dharm is a universally approach to keep us together but only few narrow minded persons divided us in Hindu or Muslims or in them sub-casts. At last I would like to write a line of Chankya Sutra, "Sukhasya moolam Dharmah", "Dharmasya moolam Arthah", "Arthasya moolam Rajyam".
1 SINDRI COMPLEX OF F.C.I.LTD HAS ALL THE INFRASTRUCTURES &FACILITIESTO PRODUCE THRU SURFACE COAL GASSIFICATION PRODUCTS : AMMONTA-UREA,NITRIC ACID,AMMONIUM NITRATE,AMMONIUM BICARBONATE ETC SNG FOR DOMESTIC GAS SUPPLY IN &AROUND JHARKHAND STATE.GOVT MAY KINDLY LIKE TO INVITE INTERNATIONAL /NATIONAL BIDS ON PPP MODEL OR ANY JOINT  VENTURE  WITH ONGC FOR AUGMENTING UTILZATION OF CBM TO BE EXTACTED FROM NEARBY MINES 7 ABONDONED MINES.
1 1.Automobile Manufacturers' domestic and export sales should be such that the manufacturers, after meeting their own import bills, should earn foreign exchange through overseas sales in such a way that their export realisations can meet with the import bills of Petrol and Diesel in respect of vehicles sold in the domestic market. 2. Active life of the vehicles be reduced and fuel efficient vehicles be supported by the Government.3."Off the Road", one day per week be introduced but for emergency
1 Dear sir, every second, day by day and every year we are using fuels for our own use and it become costly and deficient therefore, i request the govt to use Ethanol to mix in fuel like other countries using.
1 4.	Government can encourage the Stadium authorities to use their roof for solar panels so that electricity can be used from solar energy and whenever games are not on they can supply electricity to emergency services such as hospitals, fire brigades, police stations etc.
1 My suggestion is regarding cooking gas cylinders delivered to home. Why not the govt. devise a new plan for consumers to pay online for a cylinder delivered to homes. The PAHAL scheme is a welcome one. But there are no plans to pay the cost of the cylinder online. The consumer can now book a cylinder online and can know the status of the booking, cash transfer and delivery, but he has to pay only by cash during delivery. This results in overcharging by delivery boys which is a burden to consumer
1 The earth is our home. We need to preserve our planet for the future generations. We have installed solar multi crystalline panels (4000 watts) at our home 8 months ago to satisfy our desire to preserve the natural resources. This is more than enough for a small family. The distribution board has to be appropriately designed for optimizing the benefits. This is powerful enough to run most of the equipments.I request our government to provide subsidy towards solar inverters beyond1kw also.
1 SOLUTION OF TERRIFIC JAM PROBLEM Recently Govt. has introduced Bio Metric Attendance System in all the offices. Due to that during peak hours (8.30 a.m.  to 11 a.m. & 5 p.m to 8 p.m.),  people are facing a major terrific jam problem. Their maximum time is wasted on the road that is matter of serious concern as well wastage of time & money of the people. To overcome the problem of terrific jams my view is that: On the pattern of BPOs and Multi National Companies(MNCs), there should be an.....
1 Should be fill full tank of Petrol/Diesel in your Vehicle. It makes Good Average of the Vehicle. If in the tank, the air is less, it make oil conservsation
1 A fencing should be done on the boundary of the river ganges. Only at some places fence should be opened for people. It will help you to protect our mother river.
1 allvehicalowners have to pay income tax.vehical owners have not considerable for ration shop benefits.priceof oil should hike. so peoplecut thier un-neccesary consumpution onuse of petrol.The main thing India should reduce oil imports.The concept will lead a steability in our corrency
1 Banning the use of private cars or restricting a citizen to buy more than one vehicle will be counterproductive. This may lead to protests because of encroachment of state on freedom of citizens. Instead promotion of non conventional fuels like biomethane and ethanol should be encouraged. The use of energy sources like solar, wind, tidal, geothermal etc should be boosted and these should escape from the ncert textbooks to its application level.! they always sleep in textbooks.Let them wake up!
1 HOW DO UBER & OLA GIVE MUCH LOWER TAXI RATES THAN OTHERS & STILL PAY DOUBLE SALARY TO DRIVERS (i.e. Rs.40-50,000 AS OPPOSED TO Rs.20,000).ONE OBVIOUS REASON IS THAT THEY CHARGE VERY LESS COMMISSION-THEY ARE ONLY AGGREGATORS.ANOTHER POSSIBLE REASON IS THAT THEIR DAILY MILEAGE MUST BE DOUBLED OR TRIPLE DUE TO FACT THAT APP ENABLES CONNECTING PASSENGERS & TAXIS. ALSO, CUSTOMERS PREFER THEM DUE TO LEAST COST, BEST & EFFICIENT SERVICE & MORE SECURITY FEATURES.SIMILAR EFFICIENT MODEL MUST BE COPIED.
1 6.	Hotel Industry is a big business industry in India and allover India gallons of fuels, gas are burned everyday making tasty foods.  If all the Big Hotels starts using solar energy using their roofs, lawn, gardens then at least few percentage of fuels, gas can be saved.
1 As c.n.g and l.p.g are eco friendly fuels they will cause no harm to the environment.. which is subject of greatest concern nowadays
1 1. School/Companies should encourage students/ officers to use carpool service or bus service. It will not only help in conserving oil, but also reduce the traffic. 2. Cycling habit should be inculcated, among the urban youth
1 give  more  important  to  public transportation system  &  give  more  tax  to motor bike
1 Dr. Madhuri Sharon & Prof. Maheshwar Sharon  have innovated a novel method of Conversion of Plastic to Wax, Oil, Gas & CNM. It is a perfect remedy to overcome the Plastic Waste Problem, which is a pollutant, harmful to animals & so on. Unlike plastic recycling which creates harmful by products and does not remove plastic load on this earth; this process converts plastic into degradable useful products without creating or using any harmful chemicals. Since, Municipal Corporation is health provi
1 Mr. PM/We have not entered into, cyber war knowledge, an important contract with Mr. Putin. As far my knowledge Russia  is top most in cyber war
1 Sir Plz say something about the poor people of our nation those who are unable to get good treatment when they are sick.plz bring a law to secure the health of those people. Give a health insurance to all poor citizens of our country. As due to disease people are becoming more poor day by day. And the people of BPL categories are dying without any treatment. Also sir say something about food adulterers. Bring a strong law for mixing of food. Give them death sentence. Jai Hind.
1 India is popular in population growth,and unpopular in creative innovations like Games,Sports,and creative innovations.Therefore it is essential to provide all the fecilities like food, shelter, comforts and recogniation to the individuals who are dedicated their life to do single creative activity forever, for the benefit of the humanity on the earth from india.
1 Respected P.M.Sir, I like to talk with you in our country the unemployed peoples is highly increase. This is very dangerous for our country.It increase Terrorist , Crime , Drugs related business , other so many illegal activities are happen. Every one needs money for better Life for his Family or himself .If any educated parson can't get job or any engagement for long period, What will do that Unemployed ? Sir do something for the Unemployed other wise it will be blast at any moment i think.
1 PM Sir, a lot of corruption is noticeable in the country's education sector. Can there be a separate watchdog machinery on the Central level, to oversee the functioning of at least high schooling level, on the lines of Central Vigilance Commission so that the new generation is urgently rescued from getting spoiled. The scope must cover Govt and Pvt sector schools both.
1 salute the farmer , the biggest achievement of Independent India is we are not only self sufficient in food but donate to the needy nations. From Ist pay commission to 7th pay commission salaries have increased multi fold. But the farmer is working for almost free to feed 125 crore population. WFO warned India in 1950 1/3 of India,s population would persih out of hunger and drought in 30 years, we have made that prophesy false. Jai Kisan, dont blame others work hard , dont be greedy and be happ
1 Dear Prime Minister, can you announce a Kendriya Vidyalaya for only non-Govt. service holders/private worker. Because, private people who are of general caste cannot take admission to Kendriya vidyalayas due to govt.service (Rly./central govt./state govt.) & caste reservation. Hope you will fulfil the dream of millions of indians.
1 Respected Thata After independence, dreams of our father of nation has been establishing so i calld u thata in fornt line... this is wonderlable thing to appreciate. N i never thougt that our India can grow like this. N I'm I frm Karnataka in davangere here u'r provided a smart city prjcr to my dist. It's wonder even though here's a problm for bus stop opposite to railway station the old age peopls r unable to stand in summer n in winter too.. can u plz see my request sir.
1 Sir, I request to you please ask people to obey traffic rules. It has become a serious problem for the country. A lot of precious time and fuel expend due to traffic Jam specially in the area in Delhi. Besides this, we also lost precious life due to accident. Sir, make some serious efforts to make jam free Delhi and others places in our Country. Why we are unable to follow discipline on roads? Make it mandatory and appeal from general public to follow discipline on roads.
1 1. Free Education for all Indian till PG, [High quality, employable] 2. Free Healthcare for all Indian, lifelong, [World class, safest, by 100% insurance ] 3. Free Food [basic] for all, all over India, [By digital Aadhar card, public network kitchens.] Trust me, it is achievable by 2020, if we all work hard, and focus on this goal for ourselves. And flat tax rate of 40%, no exemptions, no escape, trustworthy commitment. Income Tax: 40%, Single VAT: 25%. 2020 Vision.
1 Very important,urgent and immediate Respected Pradhan Sevak i.e. Honourbale Prime Minister Modi ji, Kindly ,on top most priority and under Jan Dhan Yojana,open the accounts of Indian citizens who are found as beggars and other citizens who are seen wearing torn dirty cloths, on the railaway stantions , bus stands and other places of crowds . and deposit the diet money i.e. money equivalent to their food in their accounts under right to food and oblige. Eagerly waiting for a response.
0 Hello Sir, Greetings of the day! PFA file of suggestions. Kindly go throught it and let me know what I can do as an individual.Also, consider the matter of basic medical facility at city hospital as a top priority. Thank you for your valuable time. Proud Indian
1 Respected sir We should think about SSP. this is self surveillance program. This can be monitored by Pmo so that anyone can send images and voice to you directly. This tool can become a big game changer to change the mentality of persons those are responsible for a dent to the nation image. Pls ask something on this in the event.
1 GOVERNMENT SHOULD  TAKE MEASURES TO CONTROL POPULATION, POLLUTION, ALCOHOL. AWARENESS ON ROAD ACCIDENTS,SUCIDES SHOULD BE DONE.GOVERNMENT SHOULD SEE THAT ALL TRANSACTIONS (EXAMPLE) ABOVE 2000 SHOULD BE MADE THROUGH BANK BY FIXING CERTAIN TAX AND TAX SHOULD BE DIVIDED BETWEEN STATE AND CENTAL GOVERNMENT AND BANK.HIGHER DENOMINATIONS LIKE RS1000 AND RS 500 SHOULD BE REMOVED INORDER TO REMOVE CORRUPTION, FAKE NOTES.TO REMOVE POVERTY IN INDIA DIRECTLY PUT SOME MONEY IN THE BANK ACCOUNT FOR POOR.
1 take initiation in MADE in india
1 dear pm modi, lots of organization like banks charges high amount as competitive exam fee and many candidates belongs to general category but financially weak can't afford this. so  I urge you to form a panel to make a report on how much should be the exam fee for competitive exam by various organization. thanking you for consideration.
1 Dear PM Sir,acid attack on girls is the most beinous ,coward and inhuman act.How long  will we afford to let our sisters and daughers suffer the life of hell.The girls who used to be most beautiful now cannot look into mirror.even the country like Pakistan has put complete ban on acids then why can't we.plz pay a visit to the rehabilitaion centers of acid attack victims.
1 I would suggest to increase the moral of our Forces. They must feel that country is with them and their families. We never compare and come close to there sacrifices. PM Modiji please encourage the people to join Force. School should be advice to encourage and teach the patriotic history of our own country. People from countries like Japan, Israil,China etc.. have big respect for their country. They respect country call and give their everything for Country. We must feel proud on our country.
1 Sir, I would recommend Ten Commandments for 70th Independence Day speech. After great efforts and breakthrough achievement on diplomacy, infrastructure, environment, agriculture, rural development, urban development, social inclusion, governance etc., we should now focus on defence, internal security, boarder management, and economic performance.Enhance GDP growth by double digit by 2019 by increasing Agriculture to 20%, industry to 50% and services to 30% by initiatives such as Make in India.
1 After watching Rio olympic-2016, I am very upset. such big population country have no sport talent or other problem. in my point of view,We have plenty of talent but due to lac of proper training, not get good talent who compete very well in this type event. It required to add one sport subject mandatory in education system from third standard. so child talent come out in early age. So, we provide proper training and guidance from beginning. By this we can get good talent. Jai hind.
1 Dear PM, To continue with my idea of Indias faster development 2)There are lots of issues train passengers face everyday.it is our lifline.to be frank.it is doing worst..Mr Prabhu promised last year that within 10 days train s wil be om time but still we cnt see any changes. Solution - People who work in companies face major issues.y cant we form a board where a key designated executive of a particular company like RIL for eg,puts forth issues faced by his employees and discus with rail board
0 PM Shreeman Modi ji ko Namaskar, Happy Happy Independence Day, Jai Hind As per attached file Kindly find suggestion according to me. Thanks, Prakash Chandra
1 I want to say about education one nation one education to all.
0 Respected Sir I have attached my ideas.
1 Dear PM, I would like to share my Idea About making future Indians the responsible Indians.Responsible towards the society,towards following the common laws like traffic laws etc.,making them sensible towards women,senior citizens and all others living beings and most importantly our environment.I would like to suggest to make it compulsory in all schools that for the initial 2-3 years in the school,the children are taught only about how to become a responsible citizen.No other subjects. Thanks
1 Sir, Touch the following subjects 1. Share the benefits of Aadhar Card. 2. necessity of water conservation for agriculture 3. Stern warning to anti national element within the country 4. Importance of learning good habits (like cleanliness, road safety, truthfulness, understand & learn etc ) in primary education to change the society 5. importance of hard work (no easy money) 6. Not to carry over by negative attitude 7. Develop start up companies in rural area
1 Setting up scholarships(s) for students going to study abroad in the field of performing arts. We already have scholarships for engineering and other sciences, It's good to see that our PM is interested  in overall growth of the country. Having turned out enough engineers it's time that if not more equal weight be given to performing arts. As a conservatory abroad can really help sharpen skills that can be used for growth and promotion of Indian Performing Arts and culture. It's a must.
1 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition
1 we do not want telcos to define net neutrality for us.Everybody should have complete access to all the internet all of the time without paying any extra charge!
1 In collaboration with the ministry of education , the rich heritage of India can be incorporated in books and school activities, study tours once a month and video synthesis. All these will increase the interest and also help preserve the cultural essence in the Gen-z
1 Add subjects to our educational syllabus from schools to collages, give options to choose and change streams, give opportunities to the change, provide jobs by tie-ups with various sectors.A child does not always know what he will do when he grows but job opportunities can save many lives, expand individual certified courses in all fields. Proper planning with fast pace implementation. Everyone should contribute for the growth without any limitations.Make education a free system.
1 #Culture Create a digital portal / database of your cultural heritage. Search and suggest should be the most advanced features of that portal. Then categorise data into buildings sculptures Scriptures dresses etc. Then add attributes like building - age, religion, location, discovery date, etc
1 We don't want licensing for apps. We don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. We need actual Net Neutrality where all content is equally available and equally priced according to data usage. An economic situation where the rich get richer and eliminate competition will be bad even for the economy as a whole in the long run.
1 Conservatiaion of Food.-RAMJI PANDEY, THANE India has about 12 crore family. Normally . we find about 250 gms of food/day is wasted . If we can save this wastage.we will save about tonnes of food worth crores of rupees.we can solve shortage of food. we can tackle inflation  and poverty can be tackled. WE CAN MAKE A PEOPLE MOVMENT : "SAVE FOOD" "BEAT INFLATION" " REMOVE POVERTY" ""JAI HIND"'
1 INTRODUCE UG/PG DEGREES ON HERITAGE, ANCIENT CULTURE AND TOURISM. NSS STUDENTS SHOULD VISIT HERITAGE CENTERS AS THEIR PROJECTS. SEMINARS ON TOURISM HAVE TO BE CONDUCTED IN ALL THE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS.
1 Our country is full of cultural wealth whichcan boost tourism.
1 We Indians are already mostly aware of our culture through family interactions, stories, text books etc. We should strive to brand our cultural values to foreigners through tourism. Any non-Indian should get such a positive shock about our culture that they cannot stop praising it. This can be achieved through well maintained tourist spots of world repute. I have visited most of the 32 UNESCO sites in India as well as tourist spots in other parts of the World but there is a huge gap.
1 continued from my prev 2 posts... Fundamentally, let us not be like the West who thrusted their culture on us. Let us set an example to the world through our tolerance of other cultures. Let us create occassions when every culture is celebrated.
1 Start WORLDWIDE online sale of rare Indian textile/handloom products via ecommerce companies like Flipkart, Amazon.
1 WE dont want any changes in accessing the internet. We dont want telecos controlling our only freedom that is the internet.
1 I wish we have a better methodology of determining "Bharat- Ratn"... Can we do it like this ? Lets have a poll or referendum for each category (Art,Science,Sports,Culture, etc.)both living legends and for posthumously, lets see as to whom Bharat believes to be a Bharat Ratn, and not mere appeasement of vote bank, personal agenda or self branding and positioning, like previous govts have done in a number of case... I have great respect for the current able leadership of our PM Mr. Modi Ji.
1 Charging VOIP calls is a bad idea. On what authority can a network service provider charge or licence a free internet service that is available globally? Service providers should concentrate on providing quality service and infrastructure. That's the way technology evolves. You can't expect to gain profit from old technology and force users to stick to it forever.
1 Friends Keep giving your suggestions to develop a Smart City in India at https://mygov.in/group-issue/smart-city-tiruchirappalli/
1 1) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2) We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 3) We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use
1 today youth is back of western celebrity,culture,Oscars,fashion,music,art because of non recognisation of bharat Matas art,culture,beauty of knowledge for this we have to setup organisations in India to enlighten India with its rich heritage and we want to make Indians involve and participate to enlighten the beauty of bharat mata
1 Movie theaters need to be encouraged to promote cultural programs by giving the place for conducting the events. This way ,we can promote the cultural events better
1 Ministry of culture should undertake along with BBC and PBS making of documentaries on Indian culture, covering different empires of India and religions which came out of the country. They should work closely with ministry of tourism to identify places which have a rich cultural heritage and have museums with audio visual tours at these places as well as libraries with books (paper and digital) at these locations.
1 Chennai has developed a rich tradition of cultural festivals from Dec to Mar -music season, Mylapore festival,  Chennai Sangamam etc. Developing similar festival seasons in all major towns based on climatic conditions and local culture will result in tourist seasons being created for all such towns. It will also promote various local cultures
1 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control internet. 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #savetheinternet #TRAI #MyGov
1 WHY CULTURE MINISTRY IS WORKING IN FORIGN LANGUAGE ENGLISH : Unless we ask all english speaking/writing babus of culture ministy to leave, you cannot promote indigenous culture and traditions of country. local culture can only be promoted by karyakarta speaking local language. language of governance should be changed first. Secondly, discover and preserve all cultural forms of native people thousand of years back, which was destroyed during british and muslim rule, for imposing their religion.
1 People This the page to give suggestions to Ministry of Culture to preserve our art and culture not page for  Department of telecommunication or TRAI to discuss Net Neutrality. Though I am really over whelmed by the support for Net Neutrality.Thank You.
1 mr.PM, i suggest that certain colony or a vadi secretary members should try to collect as colony development funds to provide certain amenties like providing security to the colony or by installing cctv's on their own fund rather to depending on govt. funds. similarly in the schools, markets etc...
1 These features should be present in the portal1 The person who has lodged complaint for missing child should provide the contact no and all the details like name2 the person who has found the child should be able to login the details on the portal. 3 On finding the matching attributes among 1& 2,  the message along with details and pic should reach the khoya and paya persons home page. This way tracking will be easier  4 there should also be connectivity between this website and police(area wise
1 children are smart and they are the role model of their own.they can successfully achieve success with intelligence and diligence. let us take initiatives to make their bright and let them grow and learn.your government has taken serious step about safety of children.
1 All missing information from police station should gets upload on this site also , so that if any body found any one he /she may contact without delay the family.
1 Before all app kindly shoot all baggers picture on railway station and traffic signals
1 CONCEPT IS GOOD. THE MOBILE APPLICATION SHOULD BE LAUNCHED FOR OTHER DEVICES ALSO SUCH AS WINDOWS MOBILE AND I PHONE. ALSO THERE MUST BE TWO SECTIONS ONE FOR "CASE STUDIES" WHICH REVEAL THE CASES WHERE PARENTS/ CARETAKER WAS NEGLIGENT AND THE CHILD WAS LOST SO THAT OTHER PARENTS ARE ALERTED AND DO NOT REPEAT THE SAME MISTAKE. THE OTHER SECTION FOR "SUCCESS STORIES" WHERE STORY OF RESCUE OPERATIONS AND SEARCH OPERATIONS DONE BY POLICE SHOULD BE PLACED FOR GAINING TRUST OF PUBLIC ON THIS SYSTEM.
1 A centralized data bank containing DNA details of all children found needs to be maintained. Parents who lost their kids can undergo DNA testing and this also can be maintained in a depository. By matching the DNA details from two sources, the parents can be identified quickly and the children can be handed over to them. This will also help in preventing child trafficking when people claim that the children with them are their own children.
1 This really is an excellent and very thoughtful initiative by the government, so I'd like to extend my thanks in appreciation. But I have just one suggestion for improvement and it is that the name of the initiative, 'Khoya Paya' or 'Lost and Found' does not seem to be the most optimal because we're speaking of children and not articles or things. The name should possess more of a humane aspect to it. I don't know if it's too late to be able to rename the initiative but it is my honest feedback.
1 There must be some web portal containing the details of missing children and also details of children found heir less near public places or roadside. Also there should be some dedicated and specialized task force to recognize every single child begging nearby stations, temples, public places or roadside and send them to correction centers  or similar institutions as these may be the children lost and/or kidnapped intentionally by anti social elements.
1 central govt. should build online portal for missing people. and media(electronic/paper)should force to add in their advertisement to show about the portal features so that it can reach to max people in short time. The on line portal should have details like where we can register complain portal should have space to upload missing people photo address of victim family portal should links to all police station of India If this is done .I think innocent children and old age could be saved
1 I have put such suggestion in the past and again posting because I see a specific forum for it. The idea first I thought to build using a Website however now thinking to build as mobile App. This idea uses the advantage of social networking site. in the attached document I have visualised the functionality of a website or an app to help people identifying their lost child. Please take a look and comment.
1 Permanent, fool proof plan: Let's have a DNA bank kind of system, where all the hospitals compulsorily need to register new born baby's DNA to central DNA bank (Electronic records) linked with their Parent's DNA/Figure-prints/AdhaarNumber etc. Also the new born baby should be provided their unique Adhaar number immediately after they born, and hard copy after few years or at the age of 18. This way any missing kid or any suspicious child with some stranger can be identified throughout life
1 almost many indians are not aware about various initiatives of India. lets have one common website and promote it to spread awareness @ Govt. of India & Govt of States initiatives, achievemnts, milestones, challenges, spent areas, opportunities, support needed, etc.
1 If a web with a facility of uploading photo will use full to the public to provide photo of begging children.similarly making of arrangement to post photos of missing children may mandatory with out any delay can be a helpful measure.
1 Sir, first of all we should check out that aadhar identity of each child is issued then if any child goes missing his/her photo should be distributed through single channel transfer system on a link especially made for missing child like #Operation recover. Then if any child is found in any area then searching the databases . And if he is was tagged missing we could hope that he will meet his parents soon
1 This can be in the form of one Nationwide toll free number. Anyone who spots a child will inform on this number. Anyone looking for his/her beloved will also enquire from this. This can expedite the things. The caller should be absolved of any legality. Many a times, people don't intervene even when they can because the headaches of dealing with hostile Police scares them It should be ensured that this fear is eliminated. One will just inform on that number and proceed to his work.
1 IF ANY CHILD SEEN BY ANY PERSON AT RED LIGHT INVOLVED IN BEGGING CLICK THE PIC AND POST ON THE KHOYA PAYA WEB IT WILL HELP TO FIND THE KIDNAPPED CHILDREN FOR BUSINESS
1 Try to get biometric from parent / children found begging. so that it can be matched.
1 Is it possible to make an app so that if some one take photo of a child who is seems to be lost, the app shall quickly search and tell the similar face of lost child from the data base of web portal.
1 Most of the childrens are kidnapped for begging and them parts of the body.The police has rights to rescue the children.But they are simply watching the begging  and never enquiry. So our country needs children rescue centres at superdient of police office in every districts, specially large number  for the metro cities and crime areas and most of the  kids knows their mother toungue only, so we also appointed the volunteers and NGOs.
1 mobile phones should b used for missing children info.everybody will imdly come to know, aas soon as message of missing child is flashed through mobile /radio.
1 #MissingChildren Anyone with his login should be able to post pics of missing child and any one should be able to tag the pic ( with GPS location). It will make it easier to find childs.
1 It should be included with sharing information with Village level officer like they already have a job of maintaining birth & register.create a app for lost one such that every officer can access to that site easily
1 We should get compulsory biometric done for kids as we did for Aadhar card holders. Iris and finger print will never change even with age. Further if we implement the compulsory education policy that every child have to attend school may be till 12th. Also make this biometric validation compulsory for admission. If police/public find any child then we can take that child to that centre and get it tracked.
1 Name of the site should be "KHOJ"   its easy to remember and there should be simple toll free no.  which should be easily and can be access fro any network, there should be two column, one which is showing name and picture of the Children, with complete address, where he belongs to. and another column in which it showing found (if found). Some time children are very Yung who are unable to tell the details, for those kind of children some biometric detail should be uploaded, so thatcanbe identify
1 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen
1 I and we all Indians need a freedom to access anything at anytime. No more restriction ..Only freedom.. Come on we are a part of proud and cultural republic country.. #MyGov #NetNeautrality
1 I support Net Neutrality, where everyone should be able to access everything on the internet.
1 I don't want net neutrality as defined by the telecom companies I don't want licensing #NetNeutrality
1 I support net neutrality.... dont charge anything for net we dont want licence fee will be charge from whatsapp viber or etc for calling ......we want everthing in net neutrailty and not some items.
1 Yes! Any thing on net should be accessible without any discremination.
1 I support #netneutrality
1 Complete net neutrality is really important.Specially for people aspiring to open start ups and all the Indians who want to be connected. Internet has become a necessity these days and if it is now restricted or controlled, it will be bad for development of country. user alone should have the power to select which site to open or which app to use.
1 Dear Indian Government, I support #NetNeutrality. Also,I don't support licensing of whatsapp,viber or any other app we use. Telecom companies should not hold the right to charge differently for different content shared on internet space. This will only help large conglomerates which can afford to pay these companies and suffocate the competition from smaller players. This is totally against the ideological stand our Honourable Prime minister promises for the development of the country.
1 I support Net Neutrality. Everyone should have the access to Internet without paying extra.
1 we dont want to be ruled by some foriegn companies.... they dont have right to decide what should we watch and what we dont....GOI plz dont let them rule us again.... we want the real net nutrality the real freedom what we want to see on internet.....
1 I support net neutrality that allows me freedom to access anything that is on the net. No thought/content control please. If the telcos are genuine in their intentions they surely have better ways of doing the philanthropy
1 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
1 I support #NetNeutrality. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without paying extra
1 i support net neutrality!!
1 we need all the web site to be accessed.A telecom company can not decide what I want to access and what not.So we want complete NetNeutrality.Its on me what I should access, otherwise there will be a situation that I have to think whether I should access this site or not,whether it will chargeable or not.So please keep the net as it is now.
1 he DoT Report noted that a free and open Internet, available to all Indian citizens, is key to our country's future. Despite that, telcos are already violating net neutrality and endangering that future. The Govt should pass regulation immediately to protect net neutrality in India - the status quo of mere promises is not enough. The Govt must commit to protecting net neutrality in law in India. Don't take 5 years to decide this
1 I support #NetNeutrality We should have free access to all the websites and applications should not be subject to licensing.
1 I support internet neutrality. Where definition of net neutrality being "Net neutrality (also network neutrality, Internet neutrality, or net equality) is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally, not discriminating or charging deferentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication" #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia
1 I am for net neutrality in total.
1 I support net neutrality as its my right to freedom.... Jai Bharat
1 I support #NetNeutrality
1 I Support #NetNeutrality: What we all want 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use.
1 1.I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple...there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual.
1 when we speak about management schools, as iim as the quota of seats for students are different as person to person the admission process should be on marks and rank basis and for the 2015 bill there should be rural management and family business management in iims . one state , one iim is good idea but what about which states have already more than one iim
1 It's good to see that government is taking management education and related activities seriously. 1. Government should have a say in fixing the fees of the institutes. If fees for IITs are comparatively quite lower, even IIMs should folllow similar fee structures. 2. Government should hire directly from IIMs through final placements, at least for summer internship. 3. MBA instead of PGDM 4. Why should there be caste based reservations in choosing one of the board of governors also? Thanks!
1 My name is A. Rajagopal. I am deeply disturbed by this bill. I am a graduate from IIM Ahmedabad 1977 batch. The current bill as it stands will kill everything that made IIMs ( and IITs) internationally renowned institutions.  Suggest this must be scrapped and a new bill with limited goal of financial transparency only without ANY operational interference by Govt. Please see attached for more detailed comments #IIM, # MyGOV #IIMBILL2015
1 Most Important is give responsibility to IIM to do work in interior area where basic need  not available , root of the whole development is village development. Please do involve to IIM to find solution how to solve problem on this root level problem. Our big percentage of labour and man power is living in village. SO make IIM bill 2015 as village development oriented.
1 (Continued…. Read previous comment) If all the IIM’s are under one umbrella then there should be provision for RESERVATION in appointing the DIRECTOR’s of IIM (Don’t treat reservation as compromising with quality, treat it as a Capability Approach) and before incorporating this clause in the draft see how many Director has been appointed by the ministry of HRD previously from   SC & ST Category.
0 do it as soon as possible
1 admission of candidates to the various courses of study under clause (b) of section 7: Under this Clause, please ensure that the marks that are considered for admissions is normalized so that the admissions are agnostic to the university a person may have studied in & it gives a level playing field to every aspirant.
1 (Continued…. Read previous comment)  Academic Council must contain separate representation for SUTAIBLE & QUALIFIED SC, ST and OBC’s (Don’t treat reservation as compromising with quality, treat it as a Capability Approach)
1 IIMs should be in multiple locations but should have stringent filters to ensure quality like teaching and research...encourage collaboration with older IIMs...focus on FPM and number of PHD equivalents to build our doctoral pool....collaborate with industry to get Chair Professor and research sponsorship and course should bring out innovative work rather than academic excellence through rote learning or case study hard work alone. Ethics and career management to be included in courses.
1 .......NIMs may also commence programs with International Association. Governments (State & Central) will also get scopes to accommodate poor but meritorious students in NIMs easily. Even you may implement reservation programs in NIMs if needed. Please let the IIMs run autonomously. Provided IIMs autonomy unchanged, we will surely able to get listed in the Top 10 Management Institute of the world soon. Please consider. Would really appreciate if you could place your opinion in this regard.
1 All PGP 2 year students deserve to get an official MBA degree. 1 year program students should show maturity and learn Indian scenario when they talk about whether 1 year or 2 year PGP students deserve global accredited MBA degree. I think both should
1 Its really a great move. We can have provision that each passed out student should work with Government organizations or Government for at least a year and put a research paper on the problem being faced and their solutions. Bright students can then be recruited by Governmentin national interest.
1 Respected Sir, My name is Kumar Rajdeep and I hail from Bihar.Presently studying in Delhi. Sir, this to inform you we people coming from outside Delhi are facing much problem due to rent charged by landlords. As u know sir, living and studying here is much costly. Some family some how cut their expense and send money to their children. I request u sir please look into this matter as it's becoming a problem to the existence of the people coming from outside.
1 I am an alumni and this is not a bill for excellence. Please leave them autonomous
1 Since when did students from IIM start having problems in the job market? Rights to grant degrees is a good idea. But I doubt it needed a so called public suggestion for that.
1 It is astonishing that Harvard Business Schools charges only about 1.3 times the US per capita GDP from its MBA students. While the course fees at India’s top IIMs is about 20 (twenty) times of India's per capita GDP. This needs an immediate correction for the benefits of citizens of this country, Availability of loans is no justification for charging such huge fees as the burden of paying the loan remains with the students and their families.
1 Two-year full-time courses in IIMs should be recognized as flagship courses of the IIM and should be conferred with the flagship "MBA degrees" Many students with substantial work experience join the IIM's two-year programmes which are more rigorous than one-year programmes. Please look at the data before taking decision of any petition. One-year courses can be recognised "Executive MBA" in line with international practices.
1 Eligible students for IIM admission for IIM Bill 2015 should aim at students already involved  in community based participationin research programme on population health(health actvity and yoga),health literacy(Swachha Bharat Abhijan),occupational health(Shrama eba Jayate) related insurance coverage among workers for national growth,and publication on success,along with their own intelect
0 Hi , I am a PGP from IIMA. My views are as attached. In short give complete autonomy to these schools of excellence but make them also equally accountable and responsible to the people of our country and the rest of the world.
1 DEAR PM SIR YOGO COMPULSORY IN ALL SCHOOL SUBJECT ALL STANDARD BE CAME ALK HEALTHY STUDENTS
1 Govt should focus on skill oriented vocational course. Students frm IIM or IIT lack the skills to become job providers.
1 In My View all IITians, IIMs Pass out must work for Govt Organisation for one year to get their certificate. It like training for them. Both GOvt / Students will be benefited from each other.
1 Bill  promises to meet a long-pending demand to convert diplomas awarded by the IIMs into degrees. But the real quest is whether gov control would help make these institutes centres of excellence. Public-funded institutes in India figure nowhere in the top 100 global ranking index. IIT have functioned in deciding their own curriculum, yet evidently the gov is seeking to interfere in their functioning. In case of the IIMs Bill, it is not clear to what extent gov seeks to interfere in functioning?
0 My suggestions on IIM Bill 2015 is enclosed in the form of PDF file. Regards Mukul Shastry IIM Ahmedabad Alum
1 All the school's in INDIA must follow only one education system that is CBSE
1 Human trafficking is the most brutal  sins being conducted so far..Kidnapping a child and then transferring him god knows where , kept in uncomfortable and unsuitable reasons..Is it humanity...? What does these people gain by such endeavours ..Shame on them..Indeed it is  'kalyug'... and a immediate stop on them is needed...Poor children without seeing their own world are pushed into a world of violence and hardship...Poor souls...
1 I want inform to railway minister that caterer's in train are charging over amount on food items. I was travelling in Dec 14 in Yeswantpur-Mujafferpur and Tata- Yeswantpur found 50 Rs. Veg plate charging on 70 Rs that I validated after complaint and demanding menu card cum price list. Actually I ordered for lunch and found chapatti and water packet missing in veg plate package. I asked to caterer and he replied we give chapattis only on demand. I seen 15 rs water bottles charging 20 rs.
0 HAPPY NEW YEAR MY BEST INDIA
1 Yesterday #NDTV had a news of around 70 kids traveling in late night train and tracked at Hyderabad railway station. There were around 10 men waiting outside the railway station claiming the kids are their relatives, POLICE did nothing to question them. After seeing last few days reporting on NDTV feel wrong providing feedback or suggestions here. I thing my suggestion for now is fix the exiting police.
1 IN telangana, trafficking of women  to gulf , in the pretext of employment is common, i request the govt to enact stricter laws to protect women from gulf agents , unorganized domestic servents , should be made organized , minimum wages should be paid as per hour basis. MODIJI first start protecting children and women from exploiters and traffickers
1 if parties in rajya saba obstruct good legislation take it in the joint  sitting or get it by way of an ordinance.
1 we have to learn from history  tamileleam prabakaran had been nourished by indian government..  Indraghandhi under pressure from russia  lkalistan bindarawale created by Indra ghandhi  and she paid the price and aslo her son rajiv...  afghan taliban is a problem created by america  dont fall intoi their trap  this is a time for improved relation with pakistan  let us support them to fight terror
1 Govt. is considering giving one rank one pension to armed forces. I am strongly against such decision to waste public tax payers money. If it is done for armed forces why not for other Govt. employees who are also giving more service to nation. Armed forces gets good salary, free ration, cheap items from canteen etc. during their service. After all these why again more pension for them in OROP, after all only lowly qualified persons join armed forces who cannot get any other employment.
1 We can stop all main problems of health rapes kidnaping human tracking if people of india recieve a quality food quality milk quality ghee cow etc etc after a good health everyone can save his ownself and others so we need a healthy india free from milawat ka jehar only a healthy person can help others and we need awareness of our indias culture sarkaar ko ek book nikalni chaheye ki india kya tha pehle or angrejo ne kaisa bana diya bharat ko ab hamme firr se us adarsh bharat ko banana hah
0 ""www.stophumantrafficking/mha.nic.in"" is Not WORKING.
1 There is urgent need to tighten the work culture in the Govt. Offices and Govt. Employees. let us look at the work culture of Private enterprises employees.Now if one strictly and correctly add up the value of all benefits enjoyed by the Govt. Employees, it will never be less than those in the Private Sector. It will be definitely more. So why can't the Govt.Employees work also as per their counter parts in private Sector. Is it because they do not have organized Unions and Job security?.
1 Shut the red light areas. Let the trafficked people not become someone's prey. make police investigation quicker in missing persons cases. heavy fines and quick case disposal of culprits.
0 Attaching a letter as i can't type all that here due to limitations on number of words may be.
1 Human Trafficking mostly affects rural & poor human specially women & children.Traffickers use passages through metro cities, big rail stations, & interstate bus terminus , & for inter national trafficking international airport & international ports are used . so plain cloth vigilance in this area is required I.B. should be more active. informers of intelligence is a pivot point . human trafficking & terrorist--both category should get equal priority from concerned safety & security authority.
1 First we need to control a population of India. For all the religion it should be implemented. all religion MAN might have two children only (whatever the no's of his marriage).
1 Human Trafficking Prevention Agency is real need of hour in rural India where Indias villages are facing crisis due to large scale female child trafficking as it will screw gender ratio further.
1 16th Dec, 2 years of #DelhiRapeCase https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mj0rBJDCNY … RIP the iron lady and System of Country #TributeToDamini #Share Very important for us to have special fast track courts for these discrimination.. Fact is that we have short term memory and we just remember the victims as long as media is Showing. We need to grow up and fight..
1 We Indians must bow down our heads in shame for not providing decent livelyhood to our women.Our ancestors had respect to womanhood by advising that " where woman is worshipped, God will reside". Now in current scenario, we are downgrading ourselves by not giving fair opportunity to women to lead respectable and decent life. Human trafficking must be stopped. we must have social agenda of imparting education,creating jobs and assure them of better sustainable good days ahead
1 please provide all items like grocery and every thing in cheaper rates in every cities with online marketing facility to avoid the shop keeper are selling items with MRP rates .
1 Inequalities is major drawbacks for india. Inequalities are their in every streams in india. From edu system to gov job, reservations to subsidy, business to services, like our religious thinking. I belive this all leads to poor life style and INFLATION too. Main cause of inflation is population. But the our system allow few community to improve their life style by giving benefits but they are not changing their mind set that bachhe to bhagvan ki den ho to hai. Inflation hit to all accumulation
1 STOP CHILD LABORING STOP HUMAN TRAFFICKING
1 There is only one solution for this... Just strict the rules. Just watch the APARICHITHUDU movie. Then you will understand it. People should fear to do mistakes, if you strict the rules.
1 The transgender community in India is today maligned and is forced to interact with criminal elements closely associated with trafficking etc. Create a post of SPO for transgenders and draft them as eyes and ears of police and intelligence. This will give them a salary and dignity, and make them valuable contributors to society and also help curb trafficking
1 human trafficking; say a person being carried away, if couples in park, driving learners don't showcase such attitude then it may prevent. One now then again one then again leads to experience and money created in this world lures. NGO's a place where I was in past for studying been through miserable things hell and recently was in one place even,
1 Sanctity of National Flag: At the time of independence when the try colour flag was accepted as our National Flag, no political party or entity shall use it as the flag. This confuses and make ordinary citizens believe party color as that of government / nation. In the whole world, nopolitical party is allowed to use national flag or something similar to that as party flag. There is need to prohibit the use of our national flag by political party/s to maintain the sanctity of the national flag!
1 A few days back I wrote to the Commerce Secretary, madam, who in turn had forwarded my offer to design and implement the Procurement Portal. This email was forwarded to the concerned JS, who was very kind to forward to the DG(DGS&D)and undersigned a email in which I must meet the DG DGS&D. I immediately wrote back that appointment may be given. I sent him this email on 15th February, 2016. Today is 3rd march 2016. I have yet to get an appointment. very sad. i await the appointment.
0 Reply to me
1 Price control and optimum level of price avail to agriculturist or producer and appropriate supply as per demand should be provided is the prime objects of policy.Transportation, storage is also important factor should be developed and manage properly. Analysis of demand and price rise of items like onion,sugar,agri.items etc. should be analysed on the basis of past and it should be stored in specific state as per possible demand of future, proper strategy can possible every solution,best wishes
1 sir, my humble suggestion to the indian government, state governments and all local governing body's must use indian brand company vehicles only, including president, prime minister, central ministers, chief ministers, state ministers, district collectors, revenue, judiciary, police, army, navy, air force officials and their convoy's. it reflects a huge growth in GDP and indian economy where foreign vehicles import will come down. kindly implement this idea without any propaganda.
1 Connect india using better roads... #DGS&D,  #MyGov
1 Respected PM Sir, Request your kind attention please. Northeast Tripura and its youths have been languishing for long with unemployment (25.2% highest in India). What is urgently needed is Agartala transformed into IT hub. Below news can be refereed for details. http://tripurainfoway.com/news-details/TN/47757/Tripura+stands+nowhere+i...'Internet+readiness+index'+%3A+Manik+Sarkar+fails+to+capitalize+Modi+Govt%E2%80%99s+gift+of+India%E2%80%99s+3rd+Internet+gateway+to+Agartala+.html
1 Excise Limit for SME should be increased from current 1.5 Cr to 5Cr. As it is creating problems for small companies to grow.
1 By fixing the Rate Contract centrally by DGS&D, Price benefit,ie more  discount can be obtained from price list by considering the all govt. purchase all over India.Advantage: Reduces the cost (cost benefit),reduced the process time, tendering,etc, reducing the lead time of procurement, easy ordering by referring the rate contract,timely delivery, reduces the lead time of procurement,supplier can not offer different different prices to different different org(org. to org) etc.
1 Due to several reasons Quality of the procurement is on stake thus role of DGS&D requires more and more attention towards quality akin to other aspects like transparency, efficiency and ease of procurement etc....
1 Aggregation of demand for products and services across Departments/Ministeries, Standardisation and rationalisation of product specifications and processes/rules, Strategic sourcing, Commodity strategies, Expertise and skills sets in Negotiation/ reverse auction/e-procurement/tendering, Building supplier network, Vendor Performance Metrics, Managing supplier relationships, Gathering market intelligence, Leveraging of automation, Ensuring Compliance/risk mitigation, Analysing spend, to be ensured
1 Dear Sir, Please Develop indianrailways Employee Working Style, Ex-Allahabad Board(NCR),There Are some one corrupt officers and Babu's. My father was retired on 31.01.2016 last month,my father's service fair & v-good as per government Documents but babu's are not clear PF , Leaves and more do not clear Documents and He says All work Clear ho jayega apko 10 To 20 thousands dena padega. Really Indain government Poor and fully corrupt. Pls Read Next page
1 Just opposite of Bharat Mata Mandir at Varanasi so much garbage and dust , very bad prasentation of Varanasi.
0 Happy New Year 2015
0 नमामि   गंंगा  I स्वर्ग गामिनी गंगा II गंगा की पवित्र धारा I स्वर्ग रोहराहण धारा II Regard   ANIL BUDDHASEN PATEL Enginner (Electrinocs & Communication 387ASeth MishriLal Nagar DistDewas(M.P) India 455001 Mob.09893555703 Email : budddhasenpatel@gmail.com
0 Dear sir/ Mam my self pankaj from masi .. my exam call letter received masi post office at 2 Dec 2014 But my letter is not deliver to me i call to GPO Dehradun , Ranikhet, Almora but Almora  officer say thats ur problem i can not do any thing Dont call me again..plz help me my exam uttrakhand group D on  21 dec 2014 but post man not deliver my admit card to timely..... so plz help me i am a student. Thank u
0 Kindly view revised pdf document
0 Dear Sir, Please find attached a concept note on National Career Services. Thanks, Ankush Singh PMRDF, Meghalaya
0 Dear Sir, Greetings from Rehab India Foundation Rehab is a non profit organisation established in 2008, with head quarters in Delhi. We have prepared a well planned project proposal for the career centres as per your request. Please see the attached file to see the project proposal for the same. Hope your will like it. Thanks and Regards, Muhammed Jabir M M Project Manager Rehab India Foudation New Delhi Mob: 09560754557 Email Id: jabirpeta@gmail.com
0 Dear Modi ji, NAMASKAR, WE SEEK YOUR BLESSINGS ALWAYS. Attached please find the idea. Hope you will like it Regards, ABhishek Jain 0937037003
0 Attached PDF file has the details
0 My ideas submitted in a PDF.
0 Here is m comment
0 Please consider the attachment.
0 Dear SIR, Please find attachment.
0 please read pdf file for more suggestions
0 Please find the attachment
0 Sir read this pdf  file
0 #MyGov please see the attachment
0 pdf file with sugestions is attached
0 I have uploaded my view in PFD File.
0 HELLO SEE IT
0 My views are attached
0 See attached file
0 Please see my suggestions
0 Kindly go through the attached file
0 My Views are attached here with.
0 Read this and find out
0 My views is attached herewith
0 I agree it will also help reduce cost.
0 I too agree to go on one shot.
0 Yes,definately need of the hour
0 Attached my views on this.
0 Very nice day
0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFpesTxqvCo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3es5EKgyyY
0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFpesTxqvCo
0 http://angrymania.com/2016/09/28/simultaneous-elections/ Full analysis here. The comments section allows only 500 words maximum.
0 request of some views
0 i think right now
0 i m agree with this..
0 yes I also agree.....
0 Continued from previous one..
0 My discussion is on jpeg format.
0 Please find attachment
0 These are my views..
0 yes it is the need of the hour
0 Very happy birth day our PM Manneey shr. NARENDRS MODI SIR
0 YES. Pls implement as soon as possible.
0 Please find the attachment. Regards
0 Really appreciate this step...a great idea..totally agreed
0 yes m agree
0 I am very much agree on that proposal.
0 I am agree on that proposal.
0 My thoughts are attached herewith.