0 0 According to my opinion, HTPA as an agency needs to be a coordination body amongst various law enforcement agencies, with a specially trained and empowered intelligence agency of its own, and an action agency to bring about the required coordination between these law enforcement bodies. Also, I feel that some organisation to deal with those corrupt officials, who obstruct constructive efforts due to their own vested interests. Such agencies need to be setup especially in trafficking hotspots.
0 0 Human Trafficking...Police knows most places where the girls or children are bought from and where they are sold and for what purpose... ..the best thing i can suggest is.... To eradicate each and every person from the government who is not loyal and is corrupt... If at all u come across any such person... Just inform On this website... Lets leave it to Mr. Modi to Check the matter from there on...Once the government is in the hands of Youth, There will definitely be a change...
2 0 Sir people know every illegal project/works running in their surrounding but they not informed our government and police officers the only reason is unfriendly behaviour of officer. So plz make a system like helpline number but caller id is not published and not told to any government officer.
2 0 Human trafficking has taken an ugly shape. Driven by poverty girls are lured by known people with the promise of jobs in the city. But more often than not, they are sold to brothel. To prevent this every gram pranchyaet Pradhan must keep watch whenever dubious promise of jobs are offered. They can go only after proper enquiry. Incidents of gang rapes have also been reported.
0 0 (Section: Defense) India should sent anti-ISIS suicidal commandos who will disguise themselves like a jihadi and join ISIS, and after reaching their training centers in Syria, will do mass-killing of ISIS activists in their camps sacrificing his life. Very high compensation should be provided for his family. No doubt, one commando will be able to kill dozens of ISIS terrorists when he gets a good chance. This system will also help to discourage the recruitment of ISIS from India.
0 0 Sir, It is a shame that even in this age so many women and children are kidnapped and sold to prostitution and maimed. This is because of bad policing and virtually no punishment for offenders. The stringent provisions of Nirbhaya Act should be extended in such cases. In China such offenders are publicly executed. The punishment for touts and brothal-keepers should be equally severe. Kidnapping is far worse than rape.
0 1 GPS devices are inserted into pet animals & helping to get them back on lost.Similarly DRDO Should develop nano scale life long working GPS devices which should be compulsory inserted into skin of under 18 & above 21 on their wish.This should be done only in selected GOVT hospital in strict supervision.Make sure none other can get detector device & removing technology.Ban use of this tech. by private people.Allow it for women going abroad for work,Eliminate Local people who try to break this.
0 0 First of all the proposed institution should have exclusive powers to curtail the menace. Local PD is already overloaded with all sorts of crime and to tackle Human trafficking, which is a serious and heinous crime, HTPA should be made powerful enough for making any arrest, within a legal framework,if so the need arises. It should be an independent agency, like NCB, with enough resources and manpower. Female representation is must in the proposed agency to strike a balance in various situations.
1 0 We all know, kids in the traffic signals are not begging for themselves, why can't we show commercials in multiplex, TV, Etc, to educate people not to entertain these kids by paying money, like we are doing for SMOKING and "JAGO GRAHAK JAGO", so that they can stop it automatically. If it's not possible for Police to track the actual culprit and make it STOP. It's a simple theory of Supply and Demand, if there is no demand, there will be less supply (Human Trafficking)
0 0 A lot of discussion on one rank one pension are going on. This issue is pending for last 40 years because this demand is illegitimate and will create division among other Govt. employees and security personnel. Security personnel is less talented and educated compared with other Govt. staffs. Still because of their nature of service they get several facilities like cheap ration, housing, tax free purchase from canteen etc. This OROP demand is totally unjustified but can be accepted widows only
0 0 -Prostitution and related activities—including pimping and patronizing or maintaining brothels—encourage the growth of modern-day slavery by providing a façade behind which traffickers for sexual exploitation operate. - According to a national study, production of pornography and Internet sex shows often rely on trafficked victims. Approximately one-third of the victims of prostitution in St. Paul, Minn., have been used in the production of pornography.
0 0 -There are 116,000 requests for child pornography, and 56 percent of divorce cases involved one party having an obsessive interest in pornographic websites. - Do you think it’s okay that kids start watching porn from as early as the age of 6 and begin flirting on the Internet from the age of 8? - There are an estimated 600,000 to 800,000 children, women and men trafficked across international borders annually. Worldwide, there are nearly 2 million children in the commercial sex trade.
0 0 1.) Porn. What is the first thought that comes to your mind when you hear this word? Guilt? Shame? Disgust? These are some of the most common reactions toward porn. But as much as we feel that way toward it, many of us are enslaved to porn. 2.) We have spent more money on porn and neglected to help 1.4 billion people who are suffering every day from poverty. 3.) Right now, 30,000 people are watching porn. A new porn video is produced every 39 minutes.
0 0 I wanted to share my thoughts on the recent pornography ban in India. I welcome it. Its a disease. Wanted to share some facts related to this issue. These are from the west. I wanted to share this youtube video. This guy at the end claimed that God was his saviour. https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=402&v=NH8NIZ8bOWc
0 0 Human trafficking topic must be included in universities course.
0 0 Human trafficking can only be reduced with the help of technology as below. 1)	Make aadhaar card mandatory for everybody. 2)	If person is missing, police just need to mark hi aadhaar card for tracking. 3)	Make passage through Railway station/bus stands/airport/taxi/state border only after verifying aadhaar and biometric. It hardy take few seconds to reconcile with missing person’s aadhar card. 4)	Track and destroy the begging mafia abducting children for begging.
0 0 Respected sir, There is solution for the people who travel on foot.There is need to develop a running Road.I mean to say the footpath are transformed into running road just like the running stairs in the Malls and Airports. it will help in eliminating the cost of General Public who travel by RIckshaw,Auto etc.
0 0 Yesterday #NDTV had a news of around 70 kids traveling in late night train and tracked at Hyderabad railway station. There were around 10 men waiting outside the railway station claiming the kids are their relatives, POLICE did nothing to question them. After seeing last few days reporting on NDTV feel wrong providing feedback or suggestions here. I thing my suggestion for now is fix the exiting police.
0 0 I want to see the Indian Cities and roads on par with advanced countries like US, UK and neat and clean looking Dubai in UAE. I found that the there is no open place adjuscent to roads exposing mud and open earth in these countries. The roads are layed till the footings of buildings. If any space is left, the same will be converted as a green lawn. No mud and earth is seen openly. Due to this dust will not flow along with wind polluting the surroundings. In India curruption is to be controlled.
0 0 All brothels should be banned and  announce as crime. The women ( sex workers)  should be  given reservation ( center and state)  in all government service or adopted my MENREGA  scheme.
0 0 Beggars, sex workers, household slave equivalents should be given tools to fight their exploiters. And most importantly the end users(read exploiters) and their business should be curbed completely. No child decides to be a sex worker they are all forced into these activities. The first step would be to cut the demand for such things and provide maximum punishment for their handlers. Everyone related to the trafficking business should be systematically eliminated. Time to walk the talk.
0 0 Massive awareness campaign telling people the plight of a trafficked person. Toll free easy to remember helpline no. mandatorily saved in all sim cards. Citizen participation is most important. Citizens should be encouraged to inform the authorities if they see anything suspicious for instance a creepy old man travelling with his sedated daughter. The police should be sensitized to ensure that such crimes never go unpunished.
0 0 Trafficking starts from children. Adolescents who arrive at major cities, in search of money or job or fooled by some traffickers and exploited. Children in the hands of beggars in many cities are also to be watched closely, as they are kidnapped and heavily sedated. Law enforcers need to be vigilant all the time on such issues. Close monitoring of railway stations, bus stations etc., will help to improve the situation.
0 0 Golden words. Read fully to counter crime. https://suttacentral.net/en/mn54
0 0 Also should be strictly monitored on the sex traders who trap young girls under the banner of ठ job ठ
0 0 Human trafficking is possible mainly because of extreme poverty. Parents must guard their daughters particularly because many of them are lured to hotel/guest house with the promised of jobs. Parents and brothers must verify the identity of those who offer jobs. Many wicked persons commit crime because they believe they can get away by bribing the Police. Police reform is a must for India to develop.
0 0 1. CCTV cameras 2. Use of drone surveillance 3. Faster judiciary - people in india do not fear of law because of slow judiciary. 4. Transparent adoption and orphanage centers. I assume its here that maximum trafficking might be happening. 5. Incentive and protection to informers.
0 0 The structure of the HTPA should have 1.Data monitoring dept of previous solved and unsolved cases 2.Statistic comparing dept based on data 3.Chief Investigative team and its respective Informers 4.CCTV monitoring cell 5.joint dept of HTPA & Police for collective investigation 6.IT cell to monitor and check up with suspicious cell phone numbers 7.IT cell officers working or deployed in all telecom companies to sort of data of short term used numbers 8.Missed & Found app 9.Helpline cell
0 0 Dear Sir, HTPA has to be a separate force like the ATS or STF. Officers and IT cell on all levels deployed to check issuance of SIM cards, documentation. And it also should Ban all sale of mobile phones which do not have IMEI number. CCTV cell should be formed with enough personnel to monitor the CCTV cams put up.The Police and local informers should be of good help in setting up the chief investigative team. A department that collects and monitors data of all previous solved and unsolved case
0 0 I guess gov should open a new.agency. like c.b.I.and peloy those state where the ratio. is high or all states.this should be highly secure. and gov give them. every authority power which belongs to.H.t.judicially. they are able to. give punishment+high amount of money as a penalty..jail for 15years.according to constitution. a new act..which like.302or similar..
0 0 while designing the web based mobile app the simplicity and speed be main criteria for maximum participation from citizens in uploading the pics of vulnerable persons. the requirement of registration for persons loading pic of vulnerable person should not be there. I on seeing a vulnerable person/ child should able to upload the pic/details of the person/location without much of time, my mobile no. shall act as reference.....matching with missing persons be done by FACE DETECTION SOFTWARE.
0 0 To prevent Human trafficking a web portal similar to Khoya Paya can act as boon. The methodology has to be simple and user friendly. The missing person details are to be uploaded by the family members directly or by law enforcement agencies. FACE DETECTION TECHNOLOGY  can be used to find such missing persons. The mobile users all over india be prodded to upload photo of persons whom they think as vulnerable in their city/locality. location & brief physical features be loaded on mobile app.
0 0 The issue is of very serious nature, death penalty should be the real punishment for this Gang of criminal it will be the deterrent only .Trial & judgement must be faster
0 0 it is big issue, it happened due to poverty or personal issue, if people get employment then it can become less,for finish we have to create some emergency no. for help like 456 which work anywhere, or aware every1 with surrounding and help them indirectly or directly. if children become strong and brave  then no1 can touch them
0 0 Human Trafficking - the source originates from black money and extreme poverty. First tackle these two vital issues and their will be a drastic reduction in it. Just creating an agency to prevent this menace will not serve the purpose.
0 0 there should be cam in the auto etc..so that when the person enters the auto a pic will be clicked and the pic will be directly send to the main office of all this..the pic wouldn't remain with the auto driver..with the time and date the pic will be send automatically.
0 0 Women and girls are trafficked within the country for the purposes of commercial sexual exploitation and forced marriage especially in those areas where the sex ratio is highly skewed in favour of men.The women at every stage suffers but by taking just one strick step towards the people or the people who dont care about the feeling of other and for whom the only way of earning money is human trafficking. there should be cctv cameras in roads and outside every shops,hotel.
0 0 Govt must keep a tab on people involved in running Spas / Massage Parlors / Dance Bars / Lodges which have a huge potential for flesh trade and where human trafficking can take place.
0 0 The agency can collect information (like photographs) about the children begging in the streets of each area and maintain a database . Children missing from their home can be matched against this database. This could be helpful in rescue of such children.
0 0 Government should dicriminalize prostitution so that human trafficking can be easily checked. It is like economic liberalisation reduced reduced black economy of india proved to be an economic boom for the country.
1 0 Narendra Modi sir why don't you make a image database for missing children's & ask people to upload pics of street beggers with children's,that will help matching missing children pics with those of beggers carrying children's and help bringing back missing childs.
0 0 I would like to propose very strategic plan to find out child who have been part of the human trafficking and/or missing/lost for whatever reason. I request active response in order to figure out whether the proposal required further enhancement or it's practically feasible enough to implement. Thanks, Ankit Kotak
0 0 The main problem in human trafficking is poor economic condition of that family or that person.Nowadays mobile phone can help us to prevent Human Trafficking in many ways.Mainly this trafficking doing via railway system so if we can give one anti human trafficking booth in each main railway station we can prevent it by 40%.
0 0 I think legalization of prostitution will help in reducing this. Once it is legalized the dependence on middlemen will decrease and so will the crime and trafficking. It is one of the oldest professions in the world. And legalizing this will in fact help the poor people pursuing it be given a platform to share their plight without feeling ridiculed.
0 0 India is also hub of international trafficker Nepalese girls to Middle East despite banned with the help of Airlines & Immigration Staff they are going easily by paying huge amount. government should look after this also. almost all the airports have these arrangements.
0 0 human trafficking; say a person being carried away, if couples in park, driving learners don't showcase such attitude then it may prevent. One now then again one then again leads to experience and money created in this world lures. NGO's a place where I was in past for studying been through miserable things hell and recently was in one place even,
0 0 Human misery has become personalized in India, there is no social cause or contribution by Indians. We are self centric and dare to cross an accident site without noticing the ebbing of life, we are cruel enough already, we would not show any interest in Human trafficking or we shall never show any empathy. Say a beggar on the street is always dressed down without even contributing anything towards their hunger. If we do not have a knee jerk Government who ever it may be, we can transform.
0 0 Human trafficking is just a fall of one's nature.some people say it in different manner.some of them are so shameless that they say it is livelihood. Im urging modi to take direct action against all those who run this disaster in my country. If we humans( superior) than any other beings on earth feels unsafe about our sis,daughter,relatives,wife then it is too harsh to say that every soul is dead. Just one cure for this problem.direct action  = shoot to kill. Dont make it boring
0 0 HTPA should not fail like Anti Corruption agency. HTPA must address the root of the problem.
1 0 adoption  is  used  as  a  tool  by  child  traffickers . TRAFFICKER  knows  that  ADOPTING  does  not  arouse  immediate  suspicion , please  see  attachment  pdf  ,  P D F  ATTACHMENT , this  is  specially  true  in  bengal  where  a  number  of  incidents  have  been  reported  forcing  even  the  SUPREME  COURT  to  take  steps . children  trafficked  from  villages  of  WB  are  found  across  the  country , many  from  these  village  hav  gone  miss
0 0 A web-portal should be developed where details of all missing persons are available. Entry can be done by only authorized persons like Police. Every citizen should be available to watch the portal and details. So whenever someone find any unknown person or missing he/she can check it on portal and contact police so person could be reach at respective place.
0 0 Good morning sir, Strong ,punishble law require againts acused. police take charge on that. Start with finding by who,by where and by what this type activity Going on. Take action on it. Educate,give  food,service or job to affected person. So  othet victim can not catch up by them and supplier take huge penality and jail term so nobody start it. Thanks...
0 0 Govt. is considering giving one rank one pension to armed forces. I am strongly against such decision to waste public tax payers money. If it is done for armed forces why not for other Govt. employees who are also giving more service to nation. Armed forces gets good salary, free ration, cheap items from canteen etc. during their service. After all these why again more pension for them in OROP, after all only lowly qualified persons join armed forces who cannot get any other employment.
0 0 Sir
0 0 sir,if a child on a street begs he should be enrolled in central and state government coed institutions where utmost care must be taken to educate them. government must stop doing everything else and just focus on education and infrastucture. if a parent cannnot take care of his child the child must be taken up by the state. no parent has right to abuse their child. if child labour is banned so should be begging by children.
0 0 Why does children goes missing....One of the major reason is  Begging racket spread across all corners. Small kids r pickedup from their houses even and moved to some 100s kms away. Govt has started swatchta abhiyan for cleaning roads offices, spending millions. Why there shud not be anti begging campaign. Pick up all kids from city and create shelter homes or  child centres
0 0 Dear sir, To stop terrorism spreading across, v should know our neighbours, owner should know their tenant, & landlord should be known by registrars. government should bring in a rule where in any landlord renting a property should do KYC, like without rental agreement he/she should not let out the property and should collect valid id and address proof. copy of rental agreement/id/address proof/ to the nearest police station with in the 10 days. same after agreement renewal also.
0 0 1. Ban porn, prostitution and vulgarity in film industry. 2. Vulgar material must be controlled by hardware itself not by software. Such hardware must be developed. 3. Giving spiritual value education to children.
0 0 Dear Sir, I am giving an idea to find missing children and human trafficking . This will help to find out the children in great way. Details about process is as follows. Make an special no which can connected with whatsAap -> This will be downloaded in mobile of all whatsaap user-> Connect this number with police station-> Police will upload photos and contact details of missing person- All user will download this. I already mailed this to Dr. Ravishankar on mail ID provided on site.
0 0 Create a database of DNA profile of all the children begging on street and match it with the the DNA profile of the parents of missing children. The DNA test of parents of missing children need to be done at the time of writing FIR. This will help in knowing the genuine parents of children who are victims of human trafficking.
0 0 May enquire how many industrial group are defaulters in repaying institutions loan though own assets are not touched. Recover outstanding loan from individual assets. Amend laws to do such recovery. Ask RBI for details of bad loans of big houses/groups.
0 0 How much money we would requre to send most on VRS one may work out. I am sure it would be major overhaul to cleanse system.May recruit retired military personnel with good credentials for police job with reasonable salary as they would be drawing pension as well Please consider for better future if police force is good then society is good. Impartial newspaper is another pillar of good society. Then judiciary needs cleans up as well.
0 0 British has best police but given us worst and we are continuing with that. Offer attractive V.R.S. and drive most and keep best available then recruit best possible giving them best possible pay structure and best possible working facilities all over India. To my estimation 95% must go.Pay whatever is necessary so that one can really think/dream of new BHARAT otherwise NOT POSSIBLE at all.Recruit qualified and give them proper training. We do not require huge numbers but quality police to do.
0 0 Most of the beggars we see on daily basis may have been trafficked whether a child or adult. My Suggestions: 1.Create a department for beggars with offices in all cities. 2.Sole purpose of this department should be finding beggars and providing them with education if children and jobs if adults. This will also create employment due to the new department formed. Tracking down traffickers might be difficult but implementing this will remove at least one reason for trafficking.
0 0 pgportal  /  ministry  of  women  and  child  / REFERENCE  :  DOWCD/E/2015/00292 , refer  : D O W C D / E / 2 0 1 5 / 0 0 2 9 1  ,
0 0 Please make a special department with cooperation NGO, social workers, CID AND POLICE to track down human trafficking all over India. Prevention Agency special. JAI HIND.VANDE MATARAM.
0 0 1. Redefine laws that we still follow. 2. Make law above all policy rather than parliament above all. Give complete power to National defense and Civil defense organizations to tackle such things. 3. Though the IPC sections are available, make is easily assessable to public. 4. Make the best use of UID cards. Link every thing to UID. 5. Being a citizen of it is also our duty to keep note of our surroundings. It's high time to change our system.
0 0 1. Make a web site where we can upload snaps of beggars (child used in trafficking). 2. Microwave imaging to look inside large truck near Toll Plaza and National Highway. To prevent human trafficking. 3. Dual tracking and monitoring at road and Highways from two different agencies e.g. Army and NIA. 4. Add Prevention of Human Trafficking in Corporate Social Reform, and allow/support NGOs to work in these field.
0 0 where ignorance, hunger, moreover lack of literacy ,education, strong family values, humanity, compassion and love, care, affection, concern for others pain and strain, value of human life, new opportunities for living----all these have become dangerous evils causing missing people, illegal human trafficking. Urgent need for people to get enlightened and avoid traps like these.
0 0 It is mainly because of the taboo we have in the system. Even govt officials are afraid to talk about it when PM and Ministers don't even touch on the topic if forceful prostitution on young children. Govt should legalise prostitution, make sure everyone enjoys equal rights and protection(even prostitutes and their children). And punish people involving in human traficking.
0 0 Human trafficking cases charge Non bailed sections...
0 0 Use a trained person as  dummy that will get caught and will finally revel the bosses. To stop crime get criminals in your side.
0 0 Start a hotline no. where people can inform the police if they suspect this type of activity.
1 1 Being a lawyer I could say that To stop human trafficking by current Indian laws and police machinery is almost impossible ! But Definitely Govt could control it by adopting the PATTAYA- THAILAND MODEL. * Trafficking should be banned from Entire Country and harsh punishment is provided for that. * Trafficking should be ALLOWED to the specific notified areas of the country so that Govt could easily focus, monitor and control Social, Economical and Medical needs of sex workers.
1 0 Police Personnel / Bus Drivers / Railway employees must be trained to look for such victims. They must ask for ID papers from the escorts. Due recognition should be awarded to people who crack such gangs. Human trafficking must become a non bailable crime.
1 0 Is there any way or routine exercise to check the wandering children.
0 0 Many labour inspectors who are supposed to save labour from improper conditions, exploitation instead take money and forget duties. It seems money is everything in this country. Inspector raj that PM spoke about is true.
1 1 The one thing that irks the maximum with Civil Services in India is about its habit of demanding Permanent Address of the citizens in all its forms. The assumption that every Indian Citizen has some permanent address is grossly wrong. Citizens are therefore made to falsify some other address as their permanent address. Those like me who repeat my Present Address as Permanent Address but we change address often. Either scrap demanding PA or let Government provide Permanent Address to all.
0 1 All the NGO will make awareness in school boys & girls, Culprit should be punish through first track COURT then only we can stop this.
0 0 I believe that a strong and stringent law should be initiated to punish those involved in human traficcing. A nation whihc cannot cofront the miscreants who are ruining the honr of women for mere wealth egenration cannot stand as a nation enjoining Justice. And i believe as we pride ourselves in our values of justice, equality we should equally be stern in implementing it. We should build more awareness camps and put an end to all such evil activities. Immoral shows should be banned.
0 0 We can only crack the whip for human traffickers by banning the prostitution completely in India. Because, I personally feel, the women in that hell are not the ambassadors of voyeurism and volunteerism for some sex miscreants'. So, the government should consider the rehabilitation for women and transgenders' community, whom have so far pushed into this industry.
0 0 Strong action against this crime and most important awareness among family spaecailly in minor girls . Run a campaign frequently to make them aware of fraud being done in the name of promising a better job in the city. Let the NGO and governmnent organisation conduct an awareness programme among the family in rular areas .More awareness can combat this crime to an extent.Make this as a mandatory for NGO and Block offices.
0 0 Attaching a letter as i can't type all that here due to limitations on number of words may be.
1 0 Human trafficking is too much in West Bengal and bangladesh borders. Many womens everyday was trafficked in bangladesh and also same from that side in India. Action on this culprits must and put them in jail to save the women's pride and dignity in the country. Pimps should be nabbed and the groups should be exposed and action against them is must.
0 0 Strong and confirm action against human trafficking crime, make it equally serious as murder is. jail for 20 years and fine of minimum 25lakhs only not upto. save the whistle blower seriously.
0 0 Government will get cheap labour & these people will develop skills & get a head-start for a better future.These underpriviledged people will also get a sense of achievement & self-worth. Hence , a centralized way of donating for a good cause can curb beggary & therefore human trafficking.
0 0 If the government can make this process transparent i.e. how exactly the money donated by Indian citizens is being used , people will be encouraged to donate more.In return ,Indian Government can provide rebate in taxes for money donated .There can be such hubs setup where Government will provide basic food & shelter to people who cant afford it .In turn government can co-ordinate with some NGOs to teach basic working skills to these people to earn livelihood.
0 0 Similar to as our dear prime minister is asking for giving up subsidies on LPG, he can ask for supporting this noble cause of helping the underprivileged people of our country. I am quite sure that most of us are ready to donate if we are sure that the person is actually in need. Donators,in turn , should be able to ask for tax rebate.
0 0 We can stop human trafficking if it becomes unprofitable for people involved in this crime. One of he major reasons for human trafficking is beggary. I have never seen a Sikh begging . If they can manage it in their religious community , I wonder why India as a nation cant make begging illegal. Instead government can provide support i.e. 2 times meal & if possible shelter. This can be done through Public -private partnership .
0 0 First we need to control a population of India. For all the religion it should be implemented. all religion MAN might have two children only (whatever the no's of his marriage).
0 0 In Mucknowpur village of Bihar, Trafficking of young girls is something very rampant.Recently. 4girls went missing. The people living in the village are reluctant to approach the police because they fear their societal reputations. Please do something :(
0 0 please take measures to ban plastic its a huge problem in our country or try to make use of plastic,Increase the tax of plastic making companies.I will try to suggest my views regarding this.Make public aware of it.Please introduce a scheme that a cow for every home in a village so that we can also scrap upadi grammen yojana as there is not much use of it.
0 0 Strict punishment on home owners emplying children. It is rampant practice.  The penality is nothing on such households. FEAR of law has to be there. Such punishments should be publicised on mainstream national media and dailies.
0 0 Idea: There must be a reservation in Police Department for those who have a girl child; it may be 10%. It will encourage people to have girl child and they will take a girl as a good gift, instead of a liability. More over the father of a girl will be more and more sensitive against woman crime as a police personnel. It will help to curb crime against woman particularly- Female foeticide, Rape, Human Trafficking
0 0 If we can develop rural area human trafficking will be reduced.
0 0 We Should legalize prostitution. Women who are willing to into this business should be allowed to do so legally which will protect women who are force to do this. pimps should be banned. legalization will help prostitutes register themselves. will help the from scorns of police and freely allowing them to do so will help them free from pimps.since women willfully entering sex trade, will fill up the supply demand gap for paid sex and save women. these women then can pay tax n have legitimat life
1 0 I have an idea to control the Rape Crime.. Please go through the page.. i have tried to explain.. http://socialarmyindia.blogspot.in/
0 0 National Hot line no. should be made so that women in distress who are in flesh trade caught against their are rescued. Some co-ordination should be done with Nepal also because reports says many women are brought form nepal and sold in mumbai
0 0 for controlling human trafficking social networking site should put age limit and age limit should be verified by aadhar card no. it will help to protect growing generation and age limit to be put can be 16-18. no need to follow us norms as per facebook i.e 13 yrs.
1 0 One officer in the week will arrest all beggars and find hes or her family and other beggars can transfers to other side government agencies (I.e. child has to be transferred to hostel and elders has to get job) and make advertizement for public interest for no any gifted to beggars because it is help to make lots of crime.
0 0 Govt has strongly use Aadhar Card with finger  print and eye retina with every children and elder's to traveled abroad person and make one verification team to verify all house with finger print without notice to any body. every street, cross roads and public transport needs recording camera with time and date.
0 0 Understaffing is the real cause with out nation the existing system with administration foolproof designed to locate the issue and the stage of deviation moved away from the procedure.... kindly improve the staffing process and procedure with out any further delay towards goals
0 0 The more important issue is "Rape". Government need to focus on this timely needed issue. We are feeling shameful that we are not able to punish culprit. At same time we humiliate rape victim at every place. this must be stop. We need very stringent action in rape matter and action in defined timeline. Now people started punishing culprit. Don't encourage people to do so. Law and order is very important and for that quick action is very important. How can govt sit comfortably even minor abused?
2 0 In Hyderabad recent rides our police and social workers rided somany places and identified thousneds  childrens saved from various industries as they working as a labour it showing how much  human trafficking going on in INDIA it is shame our part as a humanbieng . so pl do need full correction in law is nescissary.to prevent support from society and peple participation only give solutin to prevent evil thing.
0 0 providing better chances and enhances the capabilities of the uncountables is the biggest challenge nation could have .It's one of the tuffest challenge to provide equal accessment to these uncountables .As we know that if we can ask and as we dont know we cant .Hence moral is why these uncountables still cant be make counted and get what they want .So why cant we make nation know about this trafficking issue why cant we make aware residents of the nation that human trafficking is an like terror
0 0 Check this out. They're using DNA to tackle with human trafficking. https://scienceandsociety.duke.edu/dna-human-trafficking/
0 0 Sir, we should work on restricting the beggars. I feel this is the big issue on which we have to do work. If we can stop begging then it will support a lot to stop no of crimes. It's shows a bad image of our society.I feel it can also help on human trafficking.
0 0 Using the detectives can be very helpful to solve this problem. We see beggars in all metropolitans and fares all around the country. Many of these beggars are children who have been forced into this. Look for the children begging at the signals. They must have a master there to supervise them. By catching their master or following the trails of the beggars secretively, many gangs running such secrets can be busted at the ground level itself. But rehabilitation of such children is must.
0 0 There should be a special wing to swiftly act and catch such illegal activity. They should be a minimum of 5000 police force.
0 0 First the investigators should visit brothels and find out, from where mass recruitment of girls are happening. Also involve Activists and volunteers to report such movements. Similarly in red light areas, more plain cloth police should be employed to catch suspects.If there is a will, it can be done.
0 0 These days we are getting lot of messages on children being kidnapped. It is heard that the kidnappers group is of around 400. They are kidnapping to make the child beg in Kumbh mela is what the rumours say. CAN GOVT BAN CHILDREN BEGGING IN KUMBH MELA ITSELF? AS SOON AS A CHILD IS SEEN BEGGING, THEY SHOULD BE ARRESTED AND TAKEN TO REHAB. NOT ONLY FOR KUMBH MELA, BUT THIS CAN BE APPLIED THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY. Request the govt. to please save the innocent children.
2 0 Formation of secret Force Like FBI(Federal Bureau of Investigation)and for All kind's of Government Departments and Organizations to raising believe in People. and Maintain very Secretly this Force give all rights to the Department this Force name is Black dot Investigation.
0 0 govt have to give the full permission to resolve a case by the govt ! and we have to make a analysis for that . and have to make a strong law also sir ..!
0 0 Most of the crimes in India are happening with the support of the local police. Please teach boys and girls in all schools, in case they find their friends missing, they should be able to contact a National mobile number in PM's office. They should verify the genuineness of the complaint and take action in the local area within a week. Human traffic is an organized activity.
0 0 Sir ...we have to power up our enforcement agency.i.e.police department. Make law and order as superintendent of police subject in district rather than DM then we can easily concentrate our law..we also give some special powers to cyber crime dept. Bcz today world is digital.some special provisions for our internal security management makes lots of things easy to tackle such as maoists cyber attack etc.
0 0 Agar Chor ka Pata chahiye to rakhavali karane walo ko pucho, isi tarah simply Human Trafficing problrm se ladhana he to pahile department se nipat lo, if corruption iside the department will end's automatically all this problem may stop..
1 0 http://www.dnaindia.com/analysis/standpoint-indian-government-s-shameful...
0 0 http://www.dnaindia.com/.../standpoint-indian-government...
0 0 http://www.vice.com/read/why-are-indian-authorities-ignoring-the-deaths-...
0 0 Make Begging Legalize and Government Took all beggars  who specify following criteria like unable to do tasks (like very old persons etc.) Firstly beggars are known and uniquely identifying for caring them through proper  health and begging criteria set and Secondly Govt. can choose persons out of them to provide other earning tasks according to their capabilities and Lastly Who is responsible for their situation with details. -->for this Govt. in Parliament and All Media through discuss it
0 0 People get trapped because they feel they can prosper only on a foreign land... Attraction towards western countries is so high that many times, this blind love make people fall in trap! So changing the basic attitude of the people, and make them believe that they can prosper on their homeland itself, will solve the major problem. Initiatives like Make In India will help bring change in the attitude. But at the same time we have to strengthen our vigilance, IB, and stop Human Traffickers!
0 0 As a responsible Citizen of India I express my suggestion and ideas...JAI HIND.
0 0 I have not gone to aboard but I have little knowledge that in western countries any type of  employment or labour appointed only through proper agencies but here we have many 420 agencies non registered agencies filling the paper advertisement or website.in the name of job,livelihood earning people are vicitimize.
0 0 orghanages home ,other societies should be inspected.Domestic help in private house owner should be inspected.
0 0 As a Responsible Indian Citizen my suggestion or ideas I placed.. JAI HIND
0 0 In search of job,services,livelihood people are victimize in such  types of Anti Social elements like Human Trafficking etc. We should stop the easy money ways at first, Non Registered many Agency now a days we see in website.Conscious people of our society should take a stand together take action against them like False Consultanty Agency or Escort Angeny.A special team shud work together Govt,NGO,Social worker,CID,Police,Cyber department,Human Rights and Lawyer.
1 0 In the name of social service and in disguise;many NGOs and orphanages do child trafficking with many vested interests.Recently a Kerala orphanage did child trafficking  from Bihar to a Madrassa in Kerala where there were many illegal and sexual abuse going on.Punish those not looking at them from minority or majority community with minimum 5 years hard imprisonment.
0 0 sir legalise escort services and give sex workers their basic citizen rights because women who once come in this trade even if want to give some info are harassed by police and society, moreover seal the borders of nepal and bangladesh properly,extra vigilance must be taken for tribal girls or children of bpl families as police didnt file fir, the rackets of organ donation must be dealt strongly
1 0 Human trafficking under the guise of orphanages and old age homes should also be verified. There are reports that many such institutions work for religious conversions getting money from overseas. There was a report in 1970s, while I was a student, that a charity organisation "rescued" a man on the streets but he was converted before his death thereby denying his right to die believing in his own religion. Even now many at prayer meetings say that they rescued a person by converting him/her.
1 0 Human trafficking under the guise of orphanages and old age homes should also be verified.  There are reports that many such institutions work for religious conversions getting money from overseas.  There was a report in 1970s, while I was a student, that a charity organisation "rescued" a man on the streets but he was converted before his death thereby denying his right to die believing in his own religion.  Even now many at prayer meetings say that they rescued a person by converting him/her.
0 0 Police, if loaded with dedication and firm commitment attitude, which is missing, will curb this to a great extent.
0 0 Without police reform it is not possible to tackle the issue of human trafficking
0 0 Our police force, the most visible sign of governance, is broken. How can India ever aspire to become more than developing country, if an Indian is worried each time he/she has to deal with the police.  There have been multiple studies into the modernisation of the Indian Police force, but the central government and every state government has failed its citizens, so much so that the central and state government have chosen to ignore directions of the Supreme Court of India on police reform.
0 0 The root problem of this is poverty. This is true all over the world. If in five to ten years poverty is eliminated in all villages , especially those of say Jharkhand and maybe four other states where trafficking is rampant, this problem will simply go away.
0 0 Edn is a mind-forming, socialisation-changing, culture creating, potent weapon of  building future society. Vision, imagination & post-bureaucratic model of management necessary. Autonomy begets creativity, motivation & freedom to use one`s  ideas. Control & command stifle talent,genius & the poten greatness of the nation.. Kindly free hundreds of academic,scientific institutions of this  scourge . As a former senior academic administrator, an ex-Chairman of an ICSSR institute,I believe
0 0 There is a reason behind every crime so kindly focus on these like upmost unemployment...
1 0 We should Make an International Institution in India, say banks for any Asian around the world, or asian security force, or asian security council, etc. Places best for such institutions:- Highly recommended- Makum (historically known as the meeting place visited by Afghanis British Chinese Thais) which is near Tinisukia, a future smart city Recommended:- Kolkata(have a lot of space) Bhopal Port Blair kavvarati Not much recommended but can be good:- Kaniyakumari Chandigargh Guwahati
0 0 Nirmal Tola jhirwa pachiyari in Araria Dist...
0 0 Nirmal Tola jhirwa Tola in Araria Dist....
1 0 26 jan 2015 jhaki of Araria Disst....and Adarsh gram  with officers...
0 0 awareness for kamaldaha panchayat in Araria Disst...
0 0 To stop Human Trafficking give some more power to our Immigration Official at every exit/entry point/port of India  for introgation or verifying the identity of travelling passengers if he got any suspected passengers. As many other country administration gave power to his immigration to take action at the same time if they feel that such pax intention is not good in terms of national interest. I know that some rule are followed at our entry/exit port but make it more relevant at ground level.
0 0 Human Trafficking mostly affects rural & poor human specially women & children.Traffickers use passages through metro cities, big rail stations, & interstate bus terminus , & for inter national trafficking international airport & international ports are used . so plain cloth vigilance in this area is required I.B. should be more active. informers of intelligence is a pivot point . human trafficking & terrorist--both category should get equal priority from concerned safety & security authority.
0 0 Sir True Caller app in Playstore definitely challenges the privacy details of an person. IF u get a mob no of an person u can see even his photo, location Absolutely without his permission. It is an american based company developed this application. It is a big threat to our citizen's  privacy and national security. Immediately take effective steps against these culprits.
1 0 1. Clean up the top bureaucratic set up in MHA by immediate replacement of tainted officials owing allegiance to the UPA regime.2. Monitor the anti-national activities by NGOs/Religious groups using foreign funds. 3.Bring in changes in laws making the offence of hawala/blackmoney/black marketing with capital punishment and automatic forfeiture of properties of offenders. Put the vigil on the anti national agents working as human rights activists.
0 0 Very good step to stop human trafficking. Each and every citizen have responsibility in protecting our own people. So one call center number should be provided for agencies like IB, RAW, SIT, HTPA etc for timely communications information. Should give rewards for people who provide key information on threats to national security.
0 0 Gandhiji, Sardar Patel, Nehruji, Vivekananda all have their identity by attire and its difficult to imagine these pesonalities in different attire. Likewise beloved Modiji is also identified by the attire of Modi kurta. Switching to pinstripe suit has resulted into total rejection in Delhi polls. Please consider course correction.
0 0 When no one reply by Indane  for My query & Not pick up phone calls than how you will tell good governance.Only slogan created not folloup. A lot of corruption but only commitment.Now it is known that New Governement is following same line of old Government
0 0 Dear Sir, At Dahiser Toll naka @Mumbai :Many trucks park on main highway & always remains traffic Jam due to this. Please help & do something to remove toll. Waiting for "Acheche Din" Thanks in advance.
0 0 Dear Sir, Petrol price reduced but not reduced fare of auto / taxi / bus!  Also, not reduced rate of vegetables. Previously when rate was increases immediately everyone were increases rate. But not reverse. Please look into this. Thanks in advance.
0 0 Respected Modi Ji Gurgaon is called a Millennium City but the situation of railway station is too Bad. Regards Anant
0 0 Please make strong law against all Human trafficking prisoners.
3 0 I request to Central govt. to accept the 227th report of law commission on Bigamy & do amendment in section 494/496/497/498 IPC according to recommendations of 227th report of law commission.Bigamy is main cause of violence on women.A women lost her life if her husband remarried with other without divorce.so 494 of IPC SHOULD BE COGNIZABLE AND NON BAILABLE OFFENCE.IT CAN ALSO STOP THE LOVE JEHAD
1 0 Organised structure required from national level, state level, city level, district level, etc with dotted linkes to DCPs in that regions. Some NGOs in coumpflaged manner working for getting funds paid for body shopping. Its scope is not restricted to domestic locations but over seas locations as well. Bigger colonies at different country take labour from domestic country without any legal paper work & migrate on visitors visas creating fraudulent mechanism of people as well as moeny
1 0 I believe our law and monetary penalty not strong which is taken for granted by criminals. Have law so strong that sends a stern message to the criminals. Everyone is doing crime, some doing the tax theft, some doing the child trafficking, some making people fool and eating their money (Builders), and many more examples. In each case we see law is not strong,takes lot of time to punish the person. Why can’t first recruit in Judiciary who can take cases on priority and dispose it in a month or so
0 0 a separate agency should be started by government like ANTI RAPE SQUAD or ANTI TRAFFICKING squad
1 0 It is a collective responsibility of all indians to prevent this shameful act like Juman Trafficking, such uncivilised members should be identified nd proper action taken.
1 0 Desh ke sabhi village se ek assi pratibha (ladki)  ko select kiya jaye jo apne village ke liye missal ho...or har village mai pardan ya to ladki ho yah fir upparhan ke roop mai koi lady ho... Or hamare desh ke sabhi school or college mai ye padaya jaye  ki koi agar assi baat sunta dekta hai yah koi ghatna hoti hai uska first action kya hona chaiye.....
0 0 USKI PUNISHMENT KI ADVERTISEMENT  KARO K DEKHTE HI SAMAJ LE KI ..........
1 0 People are coming under the influence of bad society. No native complaints or tells about the drug addicted. To over come this HUMAN TRAFFICKING police has to investigate dark areas of any city or state. They can investigate as a civilian in that or any particular area. As if they are bsy...then provide the power or manpower to investigate by the volunteers about these drug taking people which affects the many life's of the family. Activeness is necessary in every area.
0 0 Betiyo ki padhai aur surascha ke liye goverment ko thosh kadam uthane chaye.
0 0 Betiyo ko bachane ke liye unke janm se 18 ki age tak maximam bima policy goverment ko deni chaiye.
1 0 I hope that there are people viewing these posts and taking up the relevant issues to the government for a proper solution to the problems being faced by the people.
0 0 The Market Rates for Rice are all time low but the prices for Rice grains have not fallen accordingly which is causing the Millers incur huge sets of losses. The Rice Industry are changing into NPA'S at an alarming rate recently. Further the Central Govt. has reduced its levy quota for procuring Rice due to which there is very less support for market prices. The Central Govt. must take this issue at an urgent basis and find out some solutions regarding it to let the industry survive.
0 0 These agencies should work along with the existing institutes or trusts which are already focusing on mental health of students
1 0 Human Trafficking will be reduced by spreading help desk number among cities.
0 0 Rice Sector being one of the most important in west bengal has taken a great set back recently due to different policies of the govt. As per the harvest season Millers have to buy grains at MSP decided by the govt. without any deduction for khad. MSP rates being above Rs.100 than market rates is making millers incur huge losses. The farmers are benefitting less as the middlemen are the ones who are the big gainers. The behaviour of people has changed drastically unrul, forcing Millers to accept.
0 0 Failure of public sector divestment (asking LIC to buy) - Reasons. Personally I have invested in public sector banks (where I was made to pay for NPA and now dilution in shareholder equity), I invested power sector (were I was made to pay for power subsidy & theft), I invested in sugar sector (again was made to pay for cane subsidy), I invested in Oil&Gas sector (was made to pay for oil&gas subsidy).   I have lost money wherever government is even remotely involved. No one wants to invest.
2 0 they will keep increasing population because they will have nothing to worry for roti kapda and now makaan. This is my humble suggestion. Warm regards. Nina
0 1 Authorization of Jhuggis & encroachments : Sir, This is a noble thought & action BUT to prevent it from becoming a menace & spreading like wildfire please keep these pukka homes as GOVT properties which CANNOT be re-sold by each occupant. because this is a huge racket by encroaches in Mumbai. Where they keep selling what they get & go back to making jhopdis. They will never work & support themsleves and expect freebies from the govt. It will spread like cancer and they will keep increasing popul
0 0 The discussion may not be of national importance but it is very much important for our age level. I am a BMS student in commerce field presently in TY. We were told that we would get our results for tybms semister V 2014 ideally by the end of december which got delayed to january,which has also ended but we have still not got our results and no notice or information is updated on mumbai university website till now . we have already reached internal exams for the next semister. Please kindly help
0 0 I don't know.it is the right forum or not to give my complaint about Builders community.i had booked a flat in Mar 2012..With Bcl Homes Ltd peer Muchulla Zirakpur mohali punjab..project never got approved..builder didn't refund money..then i went to consumer court mohali..filed a case..case went on for 7 months..builder gave post dated cheques in court..first cheque was for 31 Dec 14..wn cheque was presented in bank..it bounced twice..got full faith in govt plz help me Alka Rohilla 08901022195
0 0 I was very impressed to read the comments of Col G Pratap Raju..regarding his late father to 90 yr s old mother..issues pending for 4 yrs from 2010..just solved in 4 days..even dr Jitendra kumar giving a call himself.even bank officer visiting home of senior citizen to life certificate for pensioner..gr8 job by modi govt..well done..
2 0 A lot many Case had been registered everyday but still there is no  vigilance upon those str eet children's begging and were exploited everyday.was its something important to look after.can't it be a cause of trafficking.....what about their life.wht about their financial And social support
1 0 A school teacher involvement in many rubish work like mid meal , consruction and other work .They can not teach with peacefully mind and heart .Education policy is very poor in our country specialy in Uttar Pradesh most of the students of 4and 5 class can not writes their Name , Address and  a simple application to Gram Pradhanin in Hindi /English .They know about what is cooking in kitchen very well .
0 0 in the delhi elections kejriwal is going about saying that subsidy in LPG should be given to all and not only to BPL families. this way Rs. 100 will get shared by all and as a result the BPL will get only Rs. 10 instead of getting Rs. 100 fully to those who need the most. Is this what BPL families would like . This argument should be made to counter kejriwal
0 0 Digital India - Modiji Namaskar , I would like to let you know now days we are using a lots of Call for Taxi Services in Most of Big Cities . The same we can do with GPS System for Tracking of Buses , Trains , Metros , Airplanes, Govt Taxies, Autos and various other mode of transports which public uses . Big Cities and Towns like Mumbai,Delhi,Calcutta,Bangalore,Hyderabad,Chennai,ADH etc where people uses lots of public Transports . We can do it in similar way like we have done for Taxies calling
0 0 Modi ji , There is another suggestion. We have samidhan of Right to EDUCATION but now a days we have seen that most of people who have started to give education or Started Schools made it a Business and we find it MOST difficult to put our children (Who are future of India) to put them in some big and good School because of FEES STRUCTURE and the kind of after Expenses which is required to put after admission in these schools ....I think yoiu can fixed the Fee structure for these Private Schools
0 0 Modi ji , There is another suggestion. We have samidhan of Right to EDUCATION but now a days we have seen that most of people who have started to give education or Started Schools made it a Business and we find it MOST difficult to put our children (Who are future of India) to put them in some big and good School because of FEES STRUCTURE and the kind of after Expenses which is required to put after admission in these schools ....I think yoiu can fixed the Fee structure for these Private Schools
0 0 What d heck is going on Government allow girls bar and red light areas controlled by Mafias and on ground other department fighting against humans trafficking.
0 0 The authorities should stop playing hide n seek n stop turning a blind eye to this menace. In many cases police are hand in gloves with the conspirators but still prefer to be silent either in lure of kickbacks by way of cash or kind or due to political pressure if any. Special workshops should be held for general public to educate them about methods used by criminals and how to be an alert citizen.. Mere putting up posters and banners of being alert won't help until the basics are taught
1 0 I request to Modi government that plz improve all the basic facilities to all common people. Today everyone wants to do government job but no one want go to government schools, hospitals. I could not understand why government is not improving these common thing and people are helpless and going to private. Today why education, hospital are source of business not seva. They are looting common people because government is not providing this basics thing. Why BJP not including it in development?
1 0 I want government should stop advertising scheme and use that amount to improve process. I we nt my native place Bihar where LPG gas agency overcharging and if someone is raising voice they are not providing connection. If you are paying demand amount then there is no verification, no process and can get immediate connection. They are without any fear that no one can harm them. I tried to complaint then they crushed my mobile and spectacles broken. I want strong action against these type people.
2 0 I would not only to get give ideas but also would like to them implemented if found suitable .  I would like to contribute in the field of affordable health care. Is it Possible / allowed  Is anyone from mygov reading the messages ?
2 0 I want inform to railway minister that caterer's in train are charging over amount on food items. I was travelling in Dec 14 in Yeswantpur-Mujafferpur and Tata- Yeswantpur found 50 Rs. Veg plate charging on 70 Rs that I validated after complaint and demanding menu card cum price list. Actually I ordered for lunch and found chapatti and water packet missing in veg plate package. I asked to caterer and he replied we give chapattis only on demand. I seen 15 rs water bottles charging 20 rs.
0 0 Many of us are giving different suggestions . Is any one reading them for actionable points ( if any) or the ideas are getting lost in the plethora of messages ..
0 0 Why is the limit of contributing of only to four groups given . We can always have idea for contribution to the other groups . I would have liked to contribute Green India . Why do we not allow  cheap electric vehicles . Few days ago I saw the Electric vehicle TOTO at Howrah, Westbengal . The vehicle can run more than 80 kms on a single charge   Why we cannot allow these to run on Indian cities ( http://www.totoindia.co/company-information.html )
1 2 To improve our educational and health care system, I suggest to make it compulsory for aal govt. Officials, ministers, MP & MLA to send their kids to govt school for education and use govt hospitals for healthcare. Automatically these systems will improve without investment of single penny.
0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister, The Rupee denominated paper notes can be used in creative manner for communicating and reminding citizen of the few important missions for the country. Like Clean India campaign, Beti Bachao, Healthy India through Yoga (some yogasanas perhaps)  can be printed in aesthetic manner, not violating the technical requirements while printing them. Magical Regards.
0 0 Hon. PM, Shri Narendra Modi, needs to address the issue of "National Debt", which is growing at a rate faster than our population. Indian People are becoming richer day by day, but India is becoming poorer minute by minute. This issues defy easy solution, but tough decision need to be taken.
2 0 WE DEMAND DEATH PENALTY FOR CRIMES AGAINST HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND CHILD KIDNAPPING. APEX COURTS SHOULD BE ESTABLISHED. TAKE COOPERATION FROM NGOs(KAILASH SATYARTHI). ORGANISE NEW POLICE INSTITUTIONS FOR ACTION AGAINST THE HUGE TRAFFICKING NETWORK IN INDIA, ESTABLISH NETWORK GRID WITH INTERNATIONAL FORUMS AND ORGANISATIONS FOR CURBING THIS MENACE. ORGANISE NUKKAD PLAY & SKIT PROGRAMMES TO ENLIGHTEN THE WISDOM/HUMANITY IN DEMONS & SINNERS WHO ARE HOLDING PRESTIGIOUS POSITIONS IN SOCIETY & SERVICE.
1 0 Human trafficking is a egregious curse on our whole society. I request to modi g plz enact a tough and strong law against child kidnapping and trafficking in parliament. Around ncr in haryana there are lots of cases of trafficking and prostitution. you should enact death sentence for child trafficking and kidnapping. there are lots of children u can see begging around public places, these children are victims of trafficking. A TOUGH LEGITIMATE STRICT LAW (DEATH SENTENCE) IS THE DEMAND OF TODAY.
0 0 (contd.) perforce left in the lurch and to fend for themselves. Will they not curse the Government and the monopolistic MSOs. and service providers?  This Government, which is pro people oriented, should eventually call for the desired information from all such rogue service providers and take stringent measures to pull the socks.  Will the Governmental authorities look into this kind of sordid treatment and remedy the situation?
0 0 (Contd.) p.m.  This is quite intriguing and 'why no enforcement action is being taken against those indisciplined channels who refuse to be a part of  Cable TV operation.  Then, what channels can be viewed by the viewers who are at the receiving end.  Will the Min. of I&B look into this malady and remedy the situation.  While Sun Group can mint crores of rupees by this covert method of fleecing the customers, naturally the Cable TV consumers who are helpless in this regard and weaklings are ---
0 0 In Mysore City (Vidyaranyapuram area) there is only a single cable operator who enjoys the monopoly and has a demarcated jurisdiction.  With the introduction of the STB, charges are levied as according to the whims and fancies of these operators. The Sun Group is fleecing the customers by unilaterally taking away their sought after channels like Sun TV, Sun News, Aditya TV, Chutti, Sun Music, etc. for which a hefty amount is demanded in addition to the normal cable TV charges of nearly Rs.200/-
0 0 Dear Sir, For Urban and Health. Project "We Care for your Life - 108 Lane" aims at enabling Emergency Services such as Ambulance, Fire and Police to move on roads swiftly, irrespective of traffic to provide ready and timely assistance to the needy citizens. Details of the project are available in the word document on the following link:-https://www.facebook.com/friends/requests/?fcref=rup#!/notes/help-for-al.... Regards, Ankur
0 0 Have couple of ideas to control and reach anti-social activities including terror attacks. 1. Hidden GPS inside all vehicles and online tracking system can help us to track all vehicle movement which controls anti social activites terror attacks etc. 2. Interested and Under 50 yrs age people including all sex, youth should get trained by army people. We must identify there training level as per age group which help us to handle emergency conditions like terror attacks.
0 0 Today in India we are Facing two main problem, first Corruption and second Terrorism. sir, it's my request launch a toll free no. to inform any suspicious activity any where in Country. A single piece of information is very useful for our agencies. And all citizens should be must aware about this because all the Anti social elements are working between us only.
0 0 New National Education Policy - Advances in digital technology should be translated into valuable teaching tools by providing a Smart School and College Education Program with digitized textbooks and notes of lessons by distinguished teachers to provide a single uniform standardized educational system with an interactive learning environment by using smart boards and tablets. Health benefits include no heavy school bags and no exposure to chalk dust and environmental benefits from saving paper.
0 0 `Man ki baat` on doing one`s duties in the station of life & society one finds himself with dedication. India the land of Gita-the world`s highest mantra  of excellence. Also Plato. When each instrument in a musical symphony plays its best , does not meddle in others`, harmony & excellence are produced. so in society. Millions must do their job to their best. That makes soceity strong & prosperous. The sweeper by doing his work well adds value as the doctor. Both weaken society by not doing the
0 0 1) Is sedition law not applicable in Kashmir.....And if not, then  why not ? Are we not claiming Kashmir to be part of India ? 2) Terrorists killing our people is one thing....But to have this kind of situation  where the Gilanis of the world cannot be  charged for sedition . .....Then what's the point of saying Kashmir belongs to India if we cannot demonstrate it ? Is our government and our  thought leaders  not approaching this situation too casually ?
1 0 My idea for aadhar card. Why we should not remove other id proof and make only one proof card Aadhar. Without proper planning previous govt implemented this policy. Otherwise it should be like make Aadhar card based on chip system and all the id proof details with biometric including. Provide the default voting rights based on age conditions, PAN details, DL etc. Flag check in centralized database. Then install and connect  Aadhar soft and database with all ATMs to use as online voting machine
1 0 I want suggests an idea to Modi gov to minimize road traffic and reduce petrol/diesel consumption. I am observing on daily basis that due to lot of rushed in public transport people are preferring private vehicle. We face high traffic during office hours. So my idea is gov should pass a guideline to all metro or big cities MNC companies to provide free transportation to their employees and company should charge four wheeler parking to employees.So they they will avoid private vehicle.
1 0 I want every company in India make a policy for electric power consumption. I am an IT professionals and can see people are leaving systems on daily when they leave for day and even on Friday. A system consumes lot of power and in a MNC company where approx 1 lacs employees working then we can just imagine how much a single company wasting power that can give light to how many villages or stop power cutting. I am sock to see this and could not understand why companies are not adding in policy.
0 0 Raise your voice for this Deshdrohi.. please Watch this  (Forward to 10:6 min.
0 0 Main request karuga PM. Mr. Narendra Modiji se Sir please Syed Ali Shah Geelani ko Iss desh se nikal dena chahiye aur unhe jo desh accha lagta hai waha rahna chahiye. wo insan abhi Delhi me hai ilaj karwa raha hai jab usko India se itni nafrat hai to pakistan me kyu nahi rahta apna ilaj bhi pakistan me karwae. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kDVjxLQh40 (Forward to 10:6 min.). aise log desh ke navjawano ko gumrah kar rahe hai.
0 0 Once we make education and health services available from government institution only options for all government employees it will be brahmastra against all evil in these sector and then this very corrupt sector will improve like anything . Once we will insure best services on government sector private sector will be force to provide competitive service in affordable price to public else Private sector will remain insensitive to common mass. A strong health and education has only this option .
1 0 Whether digital India or Industrialized India all vision has a necessary and fundamental to have a good health and education system. Can you think a situation when PM/CM to DC of a district has only option to send their kids in government school and treatment to their family in government hospitals? If this happens believe me they will never allow present state of these facilities and will make best and affordable. Why not to make this an essential clause for gov't employees and leadership
0 0 Sir, Ali shah gilani has commented that terrorists are shahid which is like desh drohi he has insulted all the soldiers who die everyday because of this terrorists, he should be declared desh drohi and should be thrown out of the country, if he supports terrorism then he has no right to stay here in our country, people like him encourage terrorism and lots of innocent people die, shahid are our soldiers & innocent people who die due to the terrorism not the terrorist. Gilani shud not b tolerated
0 0 we have 15 crores senior citizen.Out of which 25% are well placed and earning pensions and need some social work to keep them busy .Why not engage them fruitfully in SWACHCHH BHARAT ABHIYAN through their organisations ,at national,state,district,and even city level.
1 0 For every project you must have a logo then why not for every MP? By drawing logo nothing is going to happen. We are yet to see concrete proposal and action. Better concentrate on the same.
2 0 sir, with regards I fetch your attention towards a health issue, there is no any transparent policy in regards of Consultancy fee validity of Private Practitioner ,private doctors have no uniform policy that how many time a patient can consult with hos doctor, it is very critical issue ,patient have to suffer a lot in order to consult his doctor due pay again a heavy consultation fee particularly in metro cities. There should be a uniform policy on this issue
1 0 dear sir, Ponzy schemes in india have bribed so much money of poor people. so , there should be regulation of these schmes under SEBI . and what about the people who have bribed ? will there money come back ?  unfortunately, my family is also bribed by one scheme called Priya Parivar in Rajasthan.
0 0 To prevent human trafficking we have to first understand why this trafficking is taking place.In India human trafficking(H.T.) is mainly due to poor sex ratio in Haryana, Rajasthan to meet the marriage needs of boys also in our country poor people in lack of awareness send there small children to city for work where they are captured by some group of bhikhari gang or else they work on small stalls as child labour this also a big reason of H.T. also for prostitution, girls are kidnapped .
1 0 The best way to track the human trafficking Is to Issue ID to each citizen, and every one should register In the concern area periodically. Who ever Is guardian of the children they should provide the details from where he brought.
1 0 J-K separatist leader Geelani praises militants who killed gallantry medal-winning Colonel Rai....Sir would request you to kindly initiate actions against such anti national elements and lets us nt prove to be yet another weak Government against such people...its very important we dont let the morale of our armed forces go down like this
1 0 Please open a discussion group for Fight against Corruption....
0 0 THOSE WHO INVOLVE IN HUMAN TRAFFICKING ARE NOT MANAVAS, THEY ARE DHANAVAS (RAKSHASAS). THEY MUST BE TREATED/PUNISHED HOW A GUILTY IS PUNISHED IN GULF COUNTIRES. LET THERE BE AWARENESS ONTHIS - GIRLS MUST BE TOLD TO GIVE SMS TO MISS CALL TO  TOLL FREE NUMBER OF THE AUTHORITIES..AUTHORITIES MUST ACT QUICKLY. AUTHORITIES OMIT TO TAKE ACTION MUST BE MADE ACCOUNTABLE.
1 0 Inequalities is major drawbacks for india. Inequalities are their in every streams in india. From edu system to gov job, reservations to subsidy, business to services, like our religious thinking. I belive this all leads to poor life style and INFLATION too. Main cause of inflation is population. But the our system allow few community to improve their life style by giving benefits but they are not changing their mind set that bachhe to bhagvan ki den ho to hai. Inflation hit to all accumulation
2 0 PM has emerged as a  wonderful  statesman. India engages with the USA, China , Japan & other international actors from a position of strength -on a footing of equality, no more as an unequal, poorer member of the community. PM`s personality did the magic transformation. A  confident India , an equal partner, a strong actor to reckon with in international arena. Felicitations to the Hon`ble PM. Now, strengthen  institutions at home  to nurture & develop talent & excellence.  a self-confident Indi
1 0 desh me dainik vaten bhogi ko regular ker is naam ko samapt kijiye
0 0 In healthcare, specialised and subsidized and affordable healthcare is extended to the central government employees through CGHS dispensaries in which medicines are given free of cost, subsidized rated for inpatient procedures, investigations at economical cost, The same should be extended to all the general citizens in all the major towns and villages so that fleecing by private hospitals and doctors can be avoided
1 0 regarding girl child education, special quota can be created for single and only girl child families in engineering and medicine courses and can also be extended to other avenues, so that there will be a mindset in the parents of the girl that their daughter will also be educated to the highest level
0 1 kerala has a better sex ratio in favour of females, women are more powerful and inherit the fathers property, unlike any where in any part of india. the same thing has to be followed all over india and law should be enacted so that the female child should be empowered and just not protected. the age old practice of women moving the husbands house and living there should be curbed and they should be independent of all the inlaws who create a disharmony among the couple
0 0 Regarding Sex determination, it is not the fault of the person who performs the sex determination, it is the faulty mindset of the general public in developing an aversion towards the female sex.If one wants to get married he wants a female, if one wants to share his affection he wants a female mother, but this gentleman does not want a female child, it is a ridiculous mindset that our people have. This Social menace can be curbed only by empowering the rights to inherit the family property
0 0 recently there was a news item regarding public toilets, i feel that all schools should have enough and more of toilets for the students to ease themselves. regarding education in schools it should be a uniform medium of education and a single central board, to be started for first standard now and then slowly moving every year, hence at the end of 12 years all schools will have one board and one syllabus and oneness as an INDIAN
0 0 Many of the profitable organizations has been transferred to the private sector like passport services,insurance etc where gov. can earn a lot of revenue by improving the services. The Gov. is so why more dependent on public taxes rather than earning form themselves.
0 0 Safe Roads - Dear Mr. Modi. In Maharashtra when we go to buy new vehicle - no one asks us if I have a license to drive. Even RTO when registers the new vehicle does not ask if person has license to drive it. Can you help to make license mandatory when buying/ registering a vehicle. This way we can make our roads more safer. Thanks Deepak Magar
0 0 Sir , regarding framing education policy Kindly merge all boards State,Central,IB etc into a single board  which includes sansakr  ,indian ,world rich  culture ,parents  involvement,practical applicability,avurdved, yoga,indian karate,sports ,foods,technology,defense  , common fee structure,salary to  teachers,competition in  educational institutions to produce world class teachers,officers,industrialists,sports person,employees,politicians,students,doctors,advocates,businessman,citizens
0 0 Hon'ble prime minister in recent years India has shown really examples in Medical Science, Medical surgeries and in alternate medical treatments. In comparison with western countries Medical treatments in India is quite affordable. India has a great opportunity to establish Medical Tourism hub. This may also create new Job opportunities in various sector's like hospitality, tourism, translators etc..
1 0 Hon'ble prime minister a new drug price control policy is good for listed essential medicines but it is indirectly affect common and poor man for e.g albumin is exported from Germany (why it is not made in india i m shocked and this effected our mission make in india) most of companies limited their stocks and rich people can get albumin injection by various means then what is the  benefit of DPCO . why all the essential medicines not make in our india? why our common people did't get medicines?
1 0 Hon'ble prime minister my self a working pharmacist in a big super specialty private hospital.i can a see big difference gap between govt. health center and private health center , please look into this matter seriously, second i am totally against of dispensing a medicines on chemist without supervision of pharmacist because a lot of unwanted dispensing error occur by these medical shop owners please make a strict policy for this issue and this will make a lot of jobs for pharmacist .
0 0 Manniy PradhanMantri ji , 66th Republic Day ki hardik shubhcamnaye. Meta ek sujhav desh me hone value har election me candidate ki Yogyta nirdharit kar dena chahiye jisse anpadh, bharast log election na hi lash payenge.
0 0 Views & ideas for foundation of career centers:- 1.Name - The name of career centers can give as-"Youth Career Center"/ Yuva Vikas Kendra /Yuva kalyan kendra. 2.Place:- It can make in every distt/Block/Panchayat . 3.Facilities  can provide by Career Centers:- *It can add with digital india 	,NSDC,IT,DSYW,panchayat and rural development. *all the vacancies form,information of all govt. schemes can be provides by career centers. *News papers,Rojgar samachar,career magjines can have in CC.
1 0 A questions that been asked consistently - Would Knowledge workers poached by foreign employers under false contractual engagements fall under the purview of Human Trafficking ?
0 0 Govt organizes polio booths on regular basis. Volunteers go at each and every door step. At the same time they can tell children and girls about human trafficking and spread awareness.
0 0 How about arranging IMPACTFUL counselling sessions for people mainly in rural areas to explain them about this topic. Such things can be decelerated to some extend if someone cloud tell people especially to small children and young girls to NOT to trust anyone who shows dreams of a better life in a big city. Also, Govt organizes polio booths on regular basis. Volunteers go at each and every door step. At the same time they can tell children and girls about human trafficking and spread awareness.
1 0 Hon. Prime Minister, India, I am submitting you an innovative draft on appointment of 'grameen mitra' in every village. This proposal will definitely help the villagers and it will be a revolutionary step for transforming the village life. I request you to pay attention on it. Thanks and Regards, Dr. Akshay Y. Bajad "PROPOSAL FOR APPOINTMENT OF 'GRAMEEN MITRA' (FRIEND OF VILLAGERS) IN EVERY VILLAGE" [1] SELECTION PROCESS: (A) Gram Sabha of every village will have the power of selection/election of grameen mitra. (B) The members of gram sabha will be able to select grameen mitra with mutual understanding (C) If more than one candidate are interested then the selection should be done by voting at gram sabha meeting. (D) If more than one grameen mitra are required then the candidates having highest number of votes should be selected. (E) The selection/election of grameen mitra should be done in the presence of BDO (Block Development Officer) or his representative. [2] ELIGIBILITY: (A) Besides being a citizen of India, the individual should be a domicile of that village. (or any village which comes under the jurisdiction of that gram panchayat, in case of group gram panchayat) (B) He/She should not be less than 21 yrs. of age. (C) He/She should be at least HSSC (Higher Secondary School Certificate) passed. (D) He/She should not be a government employee. [3] NUMBER OF GRAMEEN MITRA FOR VILLAGE: At least 300 people of voting age to 1500 (population) : 01 1501-3000 : 02 3001-4500 : 03 4501-6000 : 04 6001-7500 : 05 7501-9000 : 06 [4] EMOLUMENT: (A) Grameen mitra will be considered as a volunteer (like ASHA workers). But state government should give fixed allowance to him. (which will be based on a basic set of activities which he will have to perform every month) (B) In addition to this, state government should give him outcome-based remuneration and financial compensation for training days. [For example: (1) Bringing more than 30% of the total members for gram sabha meeting = Rs. 200 per meeting (2) School admission = 100 Rs. per child (3) e-literacy = 200 Rs. per candidate (4) Travel to the tehsil/district/nearby cities (for helping the villagers) = 100 Rs. per travelling] (C) The stationery allowance should be given by the state government. [5] TRAINING: (A) Before appointing the grameen mitra, state government should give him training for at least two months  (B) The training will include the basic knowledge of local government, Indian constitution, right to information act, consumer protection act, prevention of atrocities act, banking procedures, various government schemes, land registration, computer and internet, etc. (C) Capacity building of grameen mitra is a continuous process. He will have to undergo series of training episodes to acquire the necessity knowledge, skills and confidence for performing his spelled out roles. [6] OFFICE AND TIME OF WORKING: (A) There will be no separate office for him. Villagers will be able to approach him directly at his home, at any time. (B) The time grameen mitra spend on his tasks (3 A's - Awareness, Aid and Attention) will be relatively flexible. [7] ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Grameen mitra will basically perform three types of roles in village life, viz. a social reformer (by making social awareness), a friend of villagers (by helping the villagers) and a vigilant citizen (by examining the functioning of gram panchayat and government officials). [3 A's of grameen mitra = Awareness, Aid and Attention] (A) AS A SOCIAL REFORMER: (1) He will work for the involvement of villagers to create a mass movement to improve quality of life in village. (2) He will go door-to-door to give detailed information about various government schemes. (3) He will make awareness about superstition, casteism, female foeticide, child marrige, honour killing and other social problems and will work against them. (4) He will make awareness about health, sanitation and education and will take efforts to stop the leakage of students from the schools. (5) Some villagers are apathetic towards the gram sabha. He will generate enthusiasm in them to take part in the gram sabha meetings. (B) AS A FRIEND OF VILLAGERS: (1) Some villagers (mainly women and dalits) hesitates to raise their questions in gram sabha meeting due to fear or shyness. They will be able to tell their problems to the grameen mitra before gram sabha meeting. He will put these issues in gram sabha meeting on behalf of them (without mentioning their names). (2) He will help the sarpanch and panchayat secretary to provide the benefits of government schemes to the needy villagers. (3) He will provide a common platform to all the villagers for their queries and complaints. Any villager having any type of query or complaint about any government official or service, will be able to directly submit it towards the grameen mitra. It will be the duty of grameen mitra to forward these queries and complaints in a proper format to the respective departments and to take regular follow up of them. (as majority of villagers are unaware of where and how to register their complaints and from where and how to get information) (4) Grameen mitra will guide the villagers for obtaining agricultural loans from banks, cast certificates, income certificates, domicile certificates, etc. from SDM (Sub-Divisional Magistrate) office or tehsil, for registration of lands at sub-registrar office and for other official works. (5) He will go to the tehsil, banks or other government offices with the villagers, who are illiterate or completely unaware of these procedures, for helping them. It will stop the loot of illiterate villagers by the corrupt government officials and will save their important time. (6) He will guide the village students regarding the career opportunities and will help them for taking admission in the colleges of nearby cities, for higher education. (7) Government should provide him a computer with internet facility (at his home or at gram panchayat office). And it will be his duty to give basic knowledge regarding the use of computer and internet to the villagers. He will also help the villagers to get information about new agricultural techniques, recent agricultural trends, weather conditions, etc. (8) Students will be able to get his help to obtain information about various exams, scholarships, job vacancies, etc. and to apply for the same. (9) He will work to resolve the quarrels between the villagers and will try to secure peace and establish unity among them. (10) He will try to resolve the disputes between gram panchayat secretary, sarpanch and gram panchayat councillors and will maintain good relationship between them. (11) He will be able to give innovative suggestions to the sarpanch and gram panchayat councillors to promote the programmes of adult education, family welfare, etc. [C] AS A VIGILANT CITIZEN: (1) The quality of life indicators such as primary education, employment, safe drinking water, open defecation free village, toilets in individual houses as well as public places, solid and liquid waste management, cleanliness of all public places as well as individual houses, pucca roads and streets, transport and last mile connectivity, power and street lights, primary health center, internet connectivity, reduction in infant mortality rate and maternal mortality rate, etc. will be periodically assessed by him on behalf of the villagers. And it will be his duty to produce this assessment report at every gram sabha meeting. (2) He will raise the issues related with public interest in gram sabha meeting. (3) On behalf of the villagers, he will examine the functioning of school teachers, PHC doctors, gram panchayat officials and other government employees which are providing service to the villagers and the official records of the same will be scrutinized by him. (4) He will also have the power of examining the functioning of sarpanch and village councillors. (5) He will produce his report on the functioning of these government officials and elected members at every gram sabha meeting. (6) He will be able to just praise or critisize them before the villagers in gram sabha meeting but will have no power to take action against them. If there is any serious issue, he will be able to send his report to the BDO or other concerned departments. Shortly, he will perform a role of lokpal (or we can say it as a 'grampal') at village level. In this way the active inspection by grameen mitra will lead to enhance the quality of service and to reduce corruption. [8] WORK ASSESSMENT: (A) Grameen mitra will be accountable to the gram sabha and thus he should produce his work report at every gram sabha meeting. (B) The periodical assessment of his work will be done by the gram sabha. [9] REMOVAL: (A) Once appointed, the grameen mitra will remain in service until his retirement age of 60 yrs. or death. (B) He will be able to give his resignation to the sarpanch. (C) If he doesn't work satisfactory then the gram sabha will be able to hold his allowance or suspend him (for maximum of 2 months). (D) If a request letter for the dismission of grameen mitra, signed by at least 100 members of gram sabha, is given to the BDO then he will have to give order to arrange a special gram sabha meeting. In this meeting, under the chairmanship of BDO or his representative, voting will be done. If the dismission of grameen mitra is supported by a majority of members (and by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the members for women and dalits) then he will be dismissed. And a new grameen mitra will be selected/elected in his place in the same gram sabha meeting. »Clarifications for your questions: (A) How does the position of village mitra avoid the duplication of panchayat councillors or members? (1) Panchayat councillors are the representative of their wards while grameen mitra will be selected/elected by gram sabha. (2) Village councillors are accountable to the villagers of their wards where as grameen mitra will be accountable to all the villagers and will provide service to them. (3) The duty of village councillors is the proper utilization of the fund for the development of villagers while grameen mitra will inspect their functioning. (4) Some duties of grameen mitra related with social awareness coincides with the duties of village councillors but here we have to understand that they have to work together for the involvement of villagers to create a mass movement to improve the quality of life in villages. Besides this the other duties of grameen mitra are far different from the duties of village councillors. (5) Village councillors are elected for 5 yr. term where as grameen mitra will remain in service until his retirement age of 60 yrs. or death. In this way the position of grameen mitra avoids the duplication of panchayat councillors. (B) How does the position of village mitra avoid the duplication of panchayat secretary or officials? (1) Panchayat secretary is accountable to the BDO while grameen mitra will be accountable to the villagers. (2) Panchayat secretary performs all administrative work of Village Panchayat like recovery of taxes and fees, recording proceedings of Village Panchayat meetings, giving notice of occurence of vacancy in a Village Panchayat, serving the notices of motion of no confidence, maintaining the accounts of Village Panchayat, maintaining the accounts of cattle-pounds, maintaining the records of births and deaths in the Village Panchayat, etc. and he works for the government and sarpanch where as the grameen mitra will work for the villagers. (3) The duties of panchayat secretary and grameen mitra are totally different from each other. In this way the position of village mitra avoids the duplication of panchayat secretary and officials. (C) Shall he be a government officer or elected member? He will be an elected volunteer. But he will get fixed remuneration (which will be based on a basic set of activities which he will have to perform every month) + outcome-based remuneration (like ASHA workers) and financial compensation for training days. (D) Do you want him to sit regularly or work like a freelancer? (1) There will be no separate office for him. Villagers will be able to approach him directly at his home, at any time. (2) The time grameen mitra spend on his tasks (3 A's - Awareness, Aid and Attention) will be relatively flexible. (3) Though grameen mitra is considered as a volunteer, we can't say him as a freelancer because he will get fixed + outcome-based remuneration from state government. (E) Any proposed number of population a village mitra shall serve? At least 300 people of voting age to 1500 (population) : 01 1501-3000 : 02 3001-4500 : 03 4501-6000 : 04 6001-7500 : 05 7501-9000 : 06
1 0 Empty mind devils workshop.Dalal give pralobhan to children of under 18 years spreading Jaal .Children are attracted to get handsome earnings(slavery line or prostitution line is not disclosed)Enron scandal. Bhikh Mangna (for Boss) SEE code red in colours TV at 10.30 pm . My govt . should promote house wife concept ( implement  NEW  tax concession on the income of their husband ) Permit retired persons to do social/learn/teach activities at their residence Pick & choose swabhimanees from homes .
0 0 Hello, If we can implement a tax for cleaning on the products which spreads uncleanliness, like food products, packaged food, chemical industry etc.. In this way we can collect the expenses from the people who are the main cause of spreading this uncleanliness, and also reduce the Muncipal taxes from the concernd departments.
0 0 In delhi many party participate in the election to get benefit itself.whether AAP or BJP , Congress but no body care the poor people to provide employment in their goverment to made a spy behind the corrupt man and corruption.all the MLA do his service unsalaried. possible........
0 0 Agar sabhi gar, dukan, office,complex,school,staistions,buses,me dustbin rakh diya jay aur bahar kachara fekne vale ko punisment diya jay aur  har 1 mandir masjid church ke bahar must toilet bana diya jay to  clean india hone me koi deri nahi
3 0 Dear Sir, I am Prashant Kumar and Passport File No is-- PA1068278673214 & Date of Birth 23/12/1987 applied for the Passport on 06 Dec 2014 at Passport Office  Patna , I had also done Police verification with Two wittness  dated on 23 Dec 2014 from Police station and SP office, but my passport status still showing, "Pending for physical police verification at your respective Thana under SP Office, District Nawada.Still i not got my passport and No Status changes. Kindly do the needful ASAP
0 0 STOP CHILD LABORING STOP HUMAN TRAFFICKING
0 0 Equality should be present everywhere which is not at all seen, there are different rules in different places for all govt employees example different govt offices have preference in different hospitals so here some are losing good treatment, hope you got my point like these many concerns should be equally treated by govt. jai hind and i appreciate everyones view.
1 1 SINCE THE GRIEVANCE REGISTERED BY PMO VIDE REGISTRATION NUMBER PMO/W/NA/14/0027082 DATED 07-0102015 AND FORWARDED TO THE GUJARAT GOVERNMENT ON 07-01-2015 SHOULD BE ATTENDED BY THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY ON PRIORITY BASIS SINCE CONSIDERABLE TIME HAVE BEEN ALREADY PASSED AWAY. ACTION DELAYED MEANS INACTION.
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam. Aapko Request ki, aap SABHI SARKARI HOSPITALS ME SABHI RAJYON ME, JAISE KE, CIVIL HOSPITAL, ESI HOSPITALS, SABHI ROGIYON (PATIENTS) KO SABHI TARAH KE DAVAYEEYAN MILNI CHAHIYE YEH VYAVASTHA HUM AAPKO KARENGE. Yeh baat bolo , aur yeh vyavastha karke krupa karo, (KYON KI, SARKARI HOSPITALS ME DAVAYEE STOCK NAHI HAIN, YEH JAWAB ZYADA AATE HAIN.) yeh vinanti hai. DHANYAWAAD.... DHANYAWAAD.... DHANYAWAAD....!
0 0 10,000 SE 20,000 SABHASAD SOLAPUR (MH.) ME ''MARKSWAADI COMMUNIST PARTY'' Shri. NARSAYYA AADAM (Master) INKE DATTA NAGAR, SOLAPUR . OFFICE ME ''ASANGHATIT'' KAMGAR AUR VARISHTHA NAGRIK PENSION KE LIYE FORM BHARKAR 10 SE 15 SAAL HO GAYE, SABHI JANATA HAR SAAL PAISE BHARTE HAIN, RECEIPT LEKAR ''ASANGHATIT KAMGAR'' CARD ME NONDANI KARATE HAIN. AAPKO VINANTI HAI, KI SABHI RAJYO ME , SABHI JANATA KO & ''ASANGAHATIT KAMGAR'' & VARISHTHO KO PER MONTH Rs.2000/- PENSION MILE, yeh vyvastha karo DHANYAWAD.
0 0 Pradhan Sevak, Shri. Narendra Damodardas Modi ji, aapko pranam. Aapko Request ki, aap ek baar sabhi MAHARASTRA ke janata ko bolo ki, aapke MAHARASHTRA ke sabhi '' MILL'' jo band(off) hai, hum shuru kar denewale hai. Aur sabhi ko naukri milega. Aur MH.- SOLAPUR me band(off) mill ke naam hai, 1) SOLAPUR SAH. SOOT MILL, 2) YASHWANT SAH. SOOT MILL, 3) N. G. MILL, 4) LAKSHMI-VISHNU MILL, 5) SHARDA MILL aur bhi aise bade mills band (off) hai. vo sabhi chalu karavo , aur sabhi ko naukri dilavo, THX.
0 0 NHAI should be supported and monitored to ensure we build good quality roads across the country, the pace at which vehicles are growing is going to make many cities develop major traffic issues that leads to inefficiencies across all walks of life as travel time increases, inside city road and traffic system as well as inter state highways require development, modern and smart development! well rounded development goes longer than short term compartmentalized development.
0 0 for stopping human trafficking we have to legalise some areas speciffically for prosituutes...with a police view on those their each employee data, where they come from, time they are in this, any force to do this, councellers for them to motivate to come in main streams, in all over india a movement in poor villages or poor slum areas to prevent their girl childs from bad people. above all for poor peoples girl childs food, clothes, study free by the state goverment.
0 0 There should be a separate department to stop human trafficking. In case of child each and every wander child should be asked for his/her identity. Children at railway stations and other public places are victims of human traffickers who forced them begging and crimes. Likewise children working as home servant should be registered with proof of identity. At most of the public places women carrying infant are looked begging, It should also be verified.
0 0 it should be given power to inspect industries mainly like brick kilns,crushing units,quarries,because people who are trafficked are mostly sold to the owners of the above industries.it shoulbe given the powers of a civil court for effective investigation
0 0 Every village should have a registry of the kids being sent to the city for various purposes. If the people taking the kids to the city are asked to fill some form/document, it will leave some trace for further investigations. And it will also discourage the traffickers.
4 0 I think that the public should not be stopped on the road for a  VIP movement. It is harrassing and humiliating for general public. Why should masses feel unimportant at cost of some VIP
1 0 In most of the cases, when a girl is married, her sibling (generally brother) occupies the property of the parents.If her husband and her in-laws leave her then she goes to her brother"s house for shelter. If the brother is not happy to share his property  with her she has no home to live in,and also does not have supplies to live a happy life. There should be a law regarding to women"s right to property of parents and in-laws so that every woman has a good place to live in .
1 0 Poor and illiterate people are usually cheated by traffickers. They are told that "we will take your child to the city and he/she will get employment". The parents trust them and hand over their children. So people should be educated to not trust such people. They should also be made aware that people can pretend to marry their daughters and then use them for trafficking. And also important is solving the financial problems of such people so that they don't hand over their kids for such reasons.
0 0 All big bussiness men shoulf be made socially accoutable and responsible which is to be linked to there earning and source of earning like any industrialist who put industry in remote area he should make adarsh gram to that village and surroiding village by providing road, electricity, water, house, education , skill development, promotion of their are and culture apart from providing advance technology tools , employement because their earninh is on the cost of health , land amd their resource
0 0 In my view contrition shall be given by all to make India corruption free.
0 0 In my views, one Kind of system is required to providing subsidized facilities/incentives to the citizen of India where the subsidy shall directly goes in the hand/bank account to the people. Further the subsidy shall be given only to those people who are contributing to the national growth like family consisting of two plus two members only. Similarly this can be implemented in all the govt. schemes and incentives. The subsidy or incentives can be restricted to 2+2 person families.
1 0 India should be projected as spiritual destination of world. It is the land of Rama, Krishna, Buddha, Sankara, Vivekananda, Ramayana, Mahabharatha, Geeta, Ayurveda, Sanskrit, Yoga & Yogis,Himalayas,Sacred rivers,long sea shores etc.That would make India an ideal destination for anyone seeking peace & harmony. In these days of war & terrorism, more and more people are likely to turn into spiritual way and we should use it as an opportunity to attract people to India and foreign exchange too.
0 0 I would like to share my views on human trafficking.we need to 1 Be aware 2 Advocacy 3Action. We need to stop modern slavery by these points which we need to keep in mind.I belive no one can do anything but everyone can do something.We all need to play our part,as a responsible citizen and we all need to be a part of it to stop it.
0 1 NOW I CHALLENGE NARENDER DAMO9DAR MODI  TAKE ACTION ON ME  I HAVE GIVEN MY PHONE NO AND ALSO ADDRESS  ANY THING WRONG TAKE ACTION
1 0 THE AMOUNT OF COMMENTS I AM PASSING SO FAR   IF IT IS IN  UDA PERIOD I WOULD HAVE BEEN HARRSSED
0 0 NOW IT IS THE TIME FOR HIM TO DO THE BEST WITHOUT WORRYING
0 0 NEVER IN MY LIFE I WILL DOUBT THE INTEGRITY OF A MAN LIKE MODI WHO HAS WORKED AND STILL WORKING  20- HRS A DAY
0 0 MODI KNOWS WHAT IS GOOD FOR POOR PEOPLE   KEJRIWAL  YOUR GOOD BUT TO FIGHT EVIL AND GET THE GOOD MODI CAN DO
0 0 IT IS GOOD FOR YOU IT WII LL STRENGTHEN YOUR IDEAS
0 0 I WILL LOVE TO SEE THAT YOU LOOSE DELHI ELECTION
0 0 KARTHINK CGIDAMBARAM IN TAMILNDAU IS NOTHING BUT A SHIT  ASK HIM YO CONTACT ME   9480865447
0 0 I ALWAYS LOVE MODI EXCEPT WHEN HE CRITICIZES KEJI8RWAL
0 0 DEAR MODIJI  I LIKE YOU  YOUR ARE GOOD  NOBODY CAN READ WHAT YOUR HAVE TOLD YOU TOLD PROSPERITY IS THE SIGN OF PIECE
0 0 my address  is plot no 2 a othavadai st. mATHERVED7U  VELLAAPPANCAHDI CHENNAI 77 I AM TELLING YOU ARE A FRAUD
0 0 bow i challenge this idiot   my name is mani aranthanan my phone no is 9380865557
0 0 Dr. P. K. Jain & his team of Doctor's & Staff members of Jain Hospital Vasundhara, Ghaziabad participated in Bharat Swakshta Mission of our Priminister Sri Narendra Modi Ji on 26th January 2015 and taken oth of clean India.
0 0 he surmised his position and arrssted a man who really shooed about him
0 0 please dont allow him into bjp  he is nothing but an spoiled son of a poweful ministwe
0 0 this is about of mr.Karthik son of chidambaramks sonkrathik  lousy bad iditot
0 0 heloo  modiji  t
0 0 H T should be banned and awareness programmes ahould be launched .
0 0 Today we heard mann ki baat at AIR both PM and US President speech was very class and we liked it and it was first time that PM of india and US President addressing through radio . It was very good to hear . E Book should be launched , #yes we can  with rgds to all .
0 0 yes it should be ban , its sham towards human kind , we should each and every one either male or female ..
3 1 In most of the Govt./Semi Govt.Offices/Private Sector,/Personnel working etc.there is provision for accountability to complete a job/project whatsoever. Likewise , why don't some criteria should be set for "Judiciary" and "Advocates" to decide the case whatever be the in nature. There must be review system for "Judges" , a time period to award the decision and each and every advocate must list the no. of cases he is handling .By this pending list in courts will come down .
2 0 Change at grassroots level to make the program sustainable,educate through schools,colleges,universities.Host an awareness event,documentary films,etc.Mobile applications for current human trafficking news.Increase scholarship about publishing an article, teaching a class, or hosting a symposium.Encourage your local newspaper or television station to cover stories about human trafficking.Poverty is a major contributor to human trafficking, sponsor a child or woman in poverty stricken areas.
1 0 The greed to earn colossal amount in less time has made many person stoop to such level where they don't even hesitate to indulge in human trafficking  which is not only inhuman but also serious for the largest democratic country like India. It appears people have no humanity left in them. A sincere effort should be made not only on the part of govt. but the society as well. People need to be cautious about the activities going around them and take action sensibly to the rightful conclusion.
1 0 We are in the largest democratic country in the world for name sake. Our people representatives will speak and question about human traffic. Is they really representing people of India?. If they are representing people, then they have to respect every Indian and there is any problem, they have to solve via govt administration and police. Otherwise they will keep questioning like outsiders of country. There is huge propaganda for swatch Bharath, why not big awareness on human trafficking
0 0 Real state transaction in India is major sources of generating black money within in India. It is mainly due to major difference in DLC prices and market prices . To curb this kindly increase the DLC prices near to prevailing market prices and reduce the registration charges on that proportion , a huge black money will reduced in our system.
0 0 In order to boost productivity in agriculture sector new technology and advanced knowledge (e.g. in organic farming) could be brought by NRIs to India. To make it possible however there is need to remove the barrier for acquiring agricultural land by NRIs.
1 0 THERE ARE SO MANY CLEVER PERSONS IN GIR SOMNATH GROUP STILL WHILE SUPERVISING THIS GROUP NOTHING IS FOUND TO VIEW. WHY THIS SO?
0 1 If we able to change the People Representative Act then only we can  stop the Human Trafficking completely. For example;- during Election every MLA & MP visited us more than twice but after Election ...? So. their should be guide line  if one elected Member fail to visit all his area less than twice then he should not be allowed to stand again and his pension/salary may be stopped. and council of minister, Governor have visit whole area without fail accordingly.
1 0 There are biggest corruption in Excise Department.  Sir please do something to stop this.
0 0 Capital punishment to criminals involved in Human Traffiking is damn important part of successful implementation of this project.
2 0 Dear Sir My cousin Sister is missing from last 2 days. On 24th Jan 2015, She went to her school i.e. Nagar Nigam Prathmik School, Rohini Sec5. She has not come back home yet. Please help us. Her Detail are below Name  Kanchan Kumari Age 14 Father - Mr. Suresh Prasad Address- Khasra NO- 58/14 Pall Colony Rithala . New Delhi Contact No of her father - 09871454601 Local Police Station- Rohini Sec-5 Thanks in advance for your support Regards, Praveen
0 0 Boi Ngoc is a young women living in a remote forming village in India she has a child but live in a hostile family environment with little means of securing any income desperately to support her child independently. She contact a woman recommended by a relative who say she can arrange a job as a waitress in a neighboring county..
1 0 Human trafficking is a severe problem now in our country..it may be for child labor, prostitution..it's a very dark side of our country..plis take appropriate measures to prevent this especially people below poverty line is vulnerable..provide job facility to these people so dat they do not cum under such circumstances
0 1 Desh me aisi vyavsta ho ki 1shadi 1bachhe wali faimily ko govt govt. nokri ya pension chalu kar de
1 0 Stop human
3 1 we all know human trafficing is directly related to beggary of childrens and prostitution.so we should make efforts to stop beggary in india.please dont give money to beggars especially childrens and try to help them to come out of tgis situation....please.
0 0 Entrepreneurship Development Centre
0 0 Youth Career Development Centre Vision To accelerate the process of the ‘development of the mindset of youth’ towards their Self Development.
0 0 NYCC is projected as an association of educationists and professionals, such as teachers, engineers, chemists, system analysts, economists, accountants, statisticians, management consultants, legal consultant and media professionals including literary activists. Organization Structure Ministry of Human Resource Development National Youth Career Centre •	Career Planning Centre •	Entrepreneurship Development Centre
1 0 Nagarpalikas,Municipals & Gram Panchayats have to make arrangement of Foods for Shelter Animals. In Every street and Societies One bucket has to be kept at where people can keep their daily balance Lunch and Dinner food instead of throw in garbage.This bucket has to be clean up by Municipals on daily basis.
0 0 Nice Suggestion Mr.Veer Vikram Singh.Govt have to involve veternity hospitals in this task for shelter animals treatment and aware people to help the shelter animals.
1 0 Respected P.M Sir please  do for shelter of  stray animals specially dog.lots of ngo work but only superficial.they only  want their own proffit.
0 0 We need Police Reform across the country. Once we have an able local police force we will be automatically be able to address problems of rape and human trafficking
0 0 Rules are there but are not strictly implemented by govt. officials.Take grievances from the local students of every village and town regarding traffic , and those problems are solved slowly, traffic problems are removed .Atleast visit 2 r 3 colleges a day collect prblems , Also put a restriction for autos from 9 to 10 am and from 4 to 6 pm .Some cities like kurnool, public on the roads are less and the autos are more.Put separate stoppings for autos like  bus .
1 0 Human Trafficking is a menace to society. Important is not only to rescue human but provide them proper rehabilitation for their betterment and livelihood security.Participation of world organisations is also essential as adminstrative efficency can be looped in.
0 0 Healthy India group need to be opened for suggestions along with some separate space for AYUSH specially Ayurveda or a separate group of AYUSH is highly required for feed back to new ministry for its holistic development and carrying torch light to world for positive and creative physical and mental health of world population in general and Indian population specially.
1 0 Sound health can only bring healthy moralistic which is   difficult to achieve without active contribution of Ayurveda along with yoga in present socio economic scenario..It is wise step of the government to create separate ministry for its development but nothing concrete or new seem to be moving in this ministry.Therefore A separate group need to be created and feed back obtained from common public and professional for utilisation in policy making and effective implementation.
0 0 Sanctity of National Flag: At the time of independence when the try colour flag was accepted as our National Flag, no political party or entity shall use it as the flag. This confuses and make ordinary citizens believe party color as that of government / nation. In the whole world, nopolitical party is allowed to use national flag or something similar to that as party flag. There is need to prohibit the use of our national flag by political party/s to maintain the sanctity of the national flag!
0 0 Poverty alleviation.Victims and middlemen traffickers are affected by poverty.Respect for women,children and human life has to be imbibed through education to the perpetrators.employment opportunity and education for the target group of victims.To resist temptations of easy and quick money.Exemplary punishment for the accused traffickers.Strict enforcement of existing anti trafficking laws.Improving the socioeconomic conditions of people where trafficking takes place.death penalty for offenders.
0 0 Mr. PM, for change in elementary education, the responsibility of education should taken by central govt.Because more than 80 % state govt.'s schools are not teaching properly.Elementary education conditons are worse in govt. schools.
0 0 Severe punishments should be given to the ones involved in Human Trafficking, so that after this people think twice before doing anything such.No such wrong should be beared.
1 0 Mr. Prime Minister, The Indian State Universities are not working properly Specially Dr B.R Ambedkar University, Agra. Mr. Prime Minister President Barak Obama has Praised you that you are trying to give the energy in lazy Bureaucracy of India, Same Situation is here in Agra University Professor do not attend the classes in time there is no attendance register, Sir You are requested to encourage foreign investors to invest in Indian Universities  not for profit but this will give good  students
1 0 Police department with strong spies under higher dignitaries is very essential for preventing human trafficking. There is an urgent need for a strong spy agency under government to address issues such as terrorism and trafficking. This should not be exclusive like IB & RAW but intricately woven into all departments along independent spies
1 0 Being secular is good but for the sake of secularism it is not fair to indulge such a personality like Mahamana Malaviya Ji who made a university under British regime and he never named it Hindu university but Gandhiji added the very word.Mahamana served Indian national congress and now he is just a shrewd politician who used university for propaganda. We are deeply hurt being students and being citizens of Kashi, a place which respects and welcomes all religions.
0 0 i'm from banaras a student of bhu,founder Mahamana, got an article by A G Noorani that the city, bhu campus and its students are hindu militant and even Mahamana is criticised as shrewd politician and a person who didn't have any respect to other religions. I want to  request plz go through the article "A portrait of Propagandist' bcoz we neither Hindu militant nor communal. It'll be a shame if we do't protest such thing bcoz we know what Kashi is,a place of knowledge since 5000 yrs is it fair.
3 0 Aadhaar card is receiving importance. But there is no proper infrastructure. People have to run from pillar to post for getting themselves enrolled. Website is also misleading and advertisement published by the concerned department of the Government does not guide people. My suggestion is that proper guidance should be provided in this vital matter.
0 0 India should consider seriously the access to medicines without prescriptions and the rise of pharmacy shops around the corner as a major cocern...everybody in India can get any drug like you get supplies from a grocery shop.... I myself have got a single antibiotic tablet from almost all the pharmacy shops I went to without a prescription as a part of a survey...you can try this for yourself. India should be a safe place and not a nation where we have ppl with multi drug resistance
1 0 This is about International Yoga Day: Yoga should be understood properly before introducing in the schools. It should be one of the subjects in the schools with special focus on deep breathing and meditation which is the need of the hour in today's stressful life for everyone.
1 0 Every public representative and servant are playing key role in corruption cycle.They all are providing corruption free good governance only in front of media camera only.BSA kaushambi is forcefully demanding money in promotions of teachers.I contacted many politicians personally for help but surprisingly all advised to give money to BSA else he will disturb u.If one will give Rs 50-80k then naturally reciprocal result will come.What is wrong if an exploited man exploit others...
0 0 Scholarship provided to students are digested by many institution and children do not get benefit of it. This problem must be checked.
0 0 Medical expenses particularly at old age becomes a financial burden on all class of families and no one is spared from such stuation. May I request the Gov. to look into the problem and creat a fund which can be used for taking care of Sr. Citizens in our country. US gov. provide free medical services for their Sr. Citizens from such fund.Mr. president US and our PM can work together for creating such schemes which will benifit millions of Indian
0 0 In villages or municipality area The Ward Members have information about all people of his area, so they have to report their Authorities about his area periodically so any negligence at any person or authority can be tress out by this way we can stop 100% Human Trafficking.
0 0 Respected sir.I want to put a notice regarding local vendors in market normally weighing less quantity.At least something to be done by weight and measurement department to carry out the routine check up of weights or shift them from using the manual weight to digital weight and measurements.Thanks.
0 0 HTPA is a good idea.  Create a on line facility to report the incidences and give wide publicity.
1 0 Sir For the development of the country.. We should not involve religion..
1 0 The RTA is an inefficient Organization. Requirement of NOC to register a Vehicle is a practice aiding and abetting corruption by agents. A vehicle is presented in the RTA when the Ownership has changed to pay Taxes and Reregister the Vehicle. The procedure must be made online IMMEDTIATELY. If a Vehicle is involved in a crime or is stolen the database must be maintained across India in a CENTRAL DATABANK. Responsibility is of the GOI and not the individual to prove his vehicle records
0 0 Talking about Yoga Please please refer to this one blog. This Blog has got amazing Information on Yoga and things related to NaMo. http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/search?updated-min=2015-01-01T00:00:00%...
0 0 Prevent crime: Full Time maid should be termed Slavery job. A 14 year girl can be hired as full time maid in urban homes. Such girls have no power to go out, talk to anyone, and further harassed for work. Its an opportunity for men in the house to rape her when alone. Refer link http://wp.me/p3dJz1-c7
1 0 There has to be close tie-ups with local police to gather local grass-root intelligence on the movement of any trafficking rackets. The missing cases in case of ages as small as 8-10 to as late as 30s need to be verified compulsorily by the HTPA as well. The authorities should crack down on prostitution and escort rackets and the so called ''massage parlors'' to check the pimping of trafficked girls.Size,discipline & training of all such law & order agencies needs to be national service oriented
1 0 Taboo against such sensitive issues has  to be lifted. For education and awareness to prevail, it is important that regular gatherings are held in presence of a psychologist. The main aim of such meetings would be to educate the section of audience that is more vulnerable of falling victim to human trafficking practices.
1 0 IN telangana, trafficking of women  to gulf , in the pretext of employment is common, i request the govt to enact stricter laws to protect women from gulf agents , unorganized domestic servents , should be made organized , minimum wages should be paid as per hour basis. MODIJI first start protecting children and women from exploiters and traffickers
0 0 Implementation of existing laws in letter and spirit.  In long term, education system with high moral values should be implemented. Discipline, values, physical health and hygiene and social awareness and responsibilities should be the main curriculum in the primary sections. This would solve many of the problems and would help build better India.
0 1 Yesterday, I came across with a news that the LPG subsidy is likely to be considered as Income and as such subjected to tax. It is not understood what goal will be achieved with this. It is also not understood once the Govt. has already noticed that Creamy layer of the society is availing LPG subsidy then why suitable steps to discontinue subsidy to creamy layer is not taken without any delay. Politiials/Govt.servants having income of 100000/- PM must be asked to stop availing this subsidy.
1 0 Sir, the agency needs intelligence inputs from locals, a dedicated help line, a help desk at all police stations, a state / regional co-ordinator to utilise input from NGO's working in rehabilitation will be useful. Most often trafficking takes place in economically backward regions, hence extra attention should be given to monitor these districts and developmental activity should be given a fillip. Women & children are the main casualties, increased societal awareness & rehabilitation is needed
0 0 no external influence can have our country if we do coelenterate on agriculture to have self sufficiency and a transparent distribution systems and incentives for only hard working people whether it is rich or poor
0 0 go on simple gujarthi business mind set about economy,  expenditures less  spending for only required and savings and investments then and there
0 0 except food subsidy remove all subsidies  all are not required   for food subsidy make use of direct money transfer systems so that it goes directly to poor people with a proper regulatory system to avoid leakage and looting by politicans
0 0 Sir,today i want to ask you about SC/ST quota.There are so many people who are rich but still come under SC/ST and still enjoy the benefits of this quota.This is wrong sir its ok if u give them fee concession in various field.but Y is that they should be given least percentage in cutoff priority i agree they are financial poor so you are helping them.but if they are mentally poor then its not our problem.Other caste people work soo hard but bcoz of SC/ST quota they dont gt seat.please do reply
0 0 till now we thought what not to be shown and taught to child. as a result, they get lured to mis leaders. i suggest child to be taught 1. self defence 2.the tail tale sign of bad intention 3.raising alarm without getting frightened communicatio skill in mother tounge. this should be structures as nursury, LKG and UKG and be must for 2 yrs to 4 years. govt special grants for such centres
0 0 Make child labour prostitution and crime against Women on par with rape murder and terrorism and laws should be made more stringent to deal with such criminals who indulges in such heinous crimes and black list offenders for life and absolutely no mercy should be shown towards criminals even if its their first crime. If convicted n found guilty there should be social stigma attached to it and criminals should be banned from social participations just like our society shun people infected by Aids
0 0 Child labour should be stopped it is still prevalent
0 0 The children must be trained for self defense moreover some device like watch with tracker should be made available at low cost. The punishment should be tough enough that no one should dare to do such type of crimes.
0 0 At toll plaza use Microwave or X-ray scanner to see inside Big Truck. Connect these scanner to IB and NIA like agencies. So that they can identify how many people are trafficked by hacker.
0 0 Human Trafficking is a hinious crime therefore the punishment must be tough for those involved in this act of trafficking.HTPA must demand Life Term & Media should play their role to highlight the crime as well as the punishment. The present Laws are sufficient but need is to act sincerly otherwise no agency will be effective.The honesty is above all ; honesty is required to prevent any type of crimes.In fact due to curruption criminals are roaming free as they do not have fear knowing very well that systems are roten.The society will not be free from crime unless Law immplimenting agencies are free from curruption.
0 0 There are many reserved police forces whom must be used to do such duties.......... Let each of us be the enforcing team to stop Human traffiking. Sections 366(A) and 372 of IPC makes this as a severe offence .... Beware and Behave .....
0 0 Its a serious issue, need to strength enforcement units
0 0 there can be one example .....friends you everyday go through the environment as 1. lots of advertisement shows half or full exposed scenes and we have to think that scenes are always of girls why??????? 2. when movies are completely out of the range of sensor board. there is no restriction on the exposed or nude scenes. so please FRIEND think our it and our government should think deeply over it.
0 0 here are many many problems in front of our youth....specially in social and traditional life. n our country our youth is completely finished in both the ways i.e socially and traditionally. now a days we are living in the modern world. but at this stage i do not think it is so. i understand it as a so called modernization. but a question comes that we are going through a complete vulgar environment so that our youth is going out of the society completely. there is no moral values remained.
0 0 Human Trafficking is rampant among less developed areas. Police forces also are non-responsive to the missing kids/girls. Police reforms along with awareness are the first steps towards addressing this problem.
0 0 Youth feel physicaly and emotionaly safe. youth feel the pride nd accountability that came with mastery. make career planing and annual event. map ur path since last career planing. examine ur past time nd hobbies. reflect on ur like nd dislike needs nd wants. improve ur communication skills. buid ur network. youth discovere self. gain personal satisfaction. set career nd job goals. youth develop quality relationship with peers nd adults. make note of ur past accomplishment.
0 0 To counter this notorious sin, the introduction of the child to the bio metric identity should be done as soon as possible. like hospitals promote the neccecity of the vaccination and other check ups of the new born, likewise when the baby reaches the age of 9-12 months he/she should be enrolled in a bio metric identity database like the AADHAR. this can be scheduled with the routine check up of mother or as it can be convinient. This will led  proper identification of the child found anywhere.
1 0 Web portal of Anti-Humant trafficking www.stophumantrafficking/mha.nic.in is not available, at the time of this post. I think the first basic step for the Agency is atleast they are available on the crucial call. Ambulance after patient death is waste, therefore All department should be available for service at any time.
0 0 Poverty and ignorance are the major reasons. Education and  self employment promotion activities along with severe punishments should be imposed. Agents play a major role in human trafficking. These type of agencies are to be controlled.
0 0 As long as people die from hunger and loopholes in the judicial systems exist, human trafficking, I am afraid, can not be stopped. To stop human trafficking, it is necessary to understand the mechanics that lead to the exploitation of millions of people, including the most educated.
0 0 Shut the red light areas. Let the trafficked people not become someone's prey. make police investigation quicker in missing persons cases. heavy fines and quick case disposal of culprits.
0 0 The main reason for human trafficking is poverty and unavailability of job. Every village should have job centres where people can enroll their names for type of work they want to do in the towns/ cities. When there is requirement of labourers in towns they can be intimated. The job centre should have full information about the employer and the labourers as well. People should also be educated about the cunningness of the agents and they should not fall prey to their alluring promises.
0 0 SAVE THE HUMAN SAVE THE WORLD AND INDIA
1 0 human
0 1 Kiran Bedi is good assets fr BJP should be given challenging profile. I want to bring to yr notice that 90% of gov servant are seriously corrupt  so public is badly victimised Pl take serious note about damages to nation   a hard core punishable law is required   thx
0 0 HON PM It is known to happy that strong IPS officer  Ms Kiran Bedi joining B
0 0 Sir... You know our India 's commercial base is farm or (krashi pradhan ) in our Rajasthan district-jhunjhunu..city-gudha,village-godara ka bass....A well n clean village and our district give a 1st lady m.p from rajasthan santosh ahlawt but in my village last 15years all govt. do promises for road development but there is no any help by MLA'S MP'S....HAAN YE JRUR H JB VOTE LENE HONGE TB JRUR YE MUDAA LE KE AATE HAIN.....JBKI PMGSY KE TAHT WO ROAD MANJUR HO RKHI H KAI SALO
2 0 Every being in a family should be educated
1 0 Hello Mr.Prime Minister, Since i am an ex-paramilitary person, wanted to suggest only 1 point regarding dress code of all police and defence personnel who wear Khaki. Nearly 90% of the employees whose dress is Khaki in colour, wanted change of colour, bcoz, 1.After wearing Khaki i and all felt like failure. Not proud. 2. Khaki is fearful dress, according to children and general public, bcoz they feel its bad. 3. Since khaki is existed since 1860's , should'nt we change, British people who introduced it , themself are not wearing and we are wearing unwantedly. 4. Not suitable for hot countries. 5. To make the police person's morale up, dress code has to change, as per me. 6. If i am wrong , then please make survey and then decide. 7. Once you give new dress code, it will like refreshing for crores of personnel whose duty is to safeguard law and order, and they feel different. 8. And overall right now nobody like Khaki people, nobody entertain them and as much as possible people try to avoid them. Am i right? 9. Its very simple , as a civilian , dont we feel proud or confident if we wear new dress or try different style? samething applies to them right?
1 0 Sir... You know our India 's commercial base is farm or (krusi pradhan desh).then why in our vibrant Gujarat also some village haven't electricity connection for farming process  .this place is at bhitana, near Batva .district: junagath any other information you get from me then please contect on "makawanavicky007@gmail.com"
0 0 i am a BE graduate since 2009 to 2011 so many candidates did not get any jobs BE graduates are not getting jobs below 60 i am suffering did not get any jobs please create new jobs for those branches and years
0 0 To save lifes, we need to ensure that everybody must give a pass-way for Ambulance!! For that if we install camera on the front side, so it can recored the vechile numbers who do not give a pass-way to ambulance and our traffic police will send the heavey challan to them. By doing this we can make a drastic change. !!
0 0 LOVE JIHAD or whatever name u  call it , there is a need to scientifically study, statistics of deciet and crime by muslim boys against  hindu girls, take remedial measures treating it a conspiracy by foriegn islamic states.
0 0 Human trafficiking, the heinous curse against mankind of being enemy of its own civilization, the victims get cheated in lureof  jobs education and marriage. it is very difficult to trace the culprits & cartel, the small and rural towns kids and girls are potential targets and hence helpline kiosk, trauma centers, seperate police rescue force, education, awareness drive, need to be imparted extensively to bring this menace to  end. noble laureate kailash satayarthi must lead campaign torch.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, Just want to seek your attention towards the expenses of Elections (for Delhi upcoming election). As we just had a election in Jammu & Kashmir, still there is no government. So, first we should have to change the rule for government formation after election, if mandate is not clear. Otherwise election is just a waste of money. Below options can be followed: Largest party or pre-poll alliance will make government....to avoid the further expense of election.
0 0 In Defence Flannel Cloth Purchasing the government has introduced new supplier Criteria few Years ago that only Composite Mills will be able to Supply Flannel Cloth made ups in Defence Tenders/Orders . This Hampers Growth of small flannel cloth manufacturers in INDIA and has made these small units to struggle for existence. It is against the Vision of PM Modiji I request my Government to immediately restore old criteria for supplier's. Please see to it. It will save many small scale manufacture
0 0 Sir unemployed youth of Hindi belt are victimized due to faulty rules adopted by employers of the country. The youth competing in scale 1 exam by RBPS but not knowing regional languages cannot apply for the post, but since youth of these nonhindi belts learn hindi can do it. Is it fair? It is also a cruel truth that the panel of the competition lasts only a year. RBPS reduced the age from 30 to 28 next year. The youth of the gen category get disparity here again by not getting equal opportunity.
0 0 For making the trains crowdless andcomfortable, Indian Rail should bi sect the overcrowded train in two trains. One is reserved one, the other geberal one.Both should begin the journey one after the other at the interval of 10 minutes. Both of these trains should pass the stations under the same signal. On de reserved train strict auto checking b done. Same wayon general train, strict auto checking shud b done. May b by tkt no n no. Of passengers. The platform can b made longer n speed same.
0 0 i am searching for a job. can anyone tell me?
0 0 1.very strong action against dalal or agents of selling girls/women. 2.Eradicate poverty at least of poor girls & women. 3.online police station because girls/women will able to file e-FIR through online in stead of police station.
1 0 HTPA is very much needed to delete the evil of human trafficking. 1.HTPA should have some enough powers to act on time. 2. Its working should be kept secret and free from politics. 3. Police should be asked to available whenever HTPA feel need for them. 4. Young IPS and IAS officers should be appointed in the Agency. 5. The agency should be technologically updated. 6. Support from govt. is very much necessary to end Human trafficking. Stopping human trafficking is A process to save humanity.
0 0 Recent comment for testing purpose
0 0 Recent comment for testing purpose
0 1 Government will deploy private company as a rules enforcement agency. They will give a ticket to the rule breakers. If the person will not pay, they will send double the fine. If the person do not pay they will enforce him to go to court. They can cut the amount from the person's bank account. From collection agency shall pay minimum 40% to collection officers and 30% to government. Develop new rules of traffic system. Mark all lanes on the road and visible sign boards.
0 0 Police department doing nothing in lift or to ban the human trafficking in whole INDAI and people are selling their girls into the market for the sake of money ,so our politicians are making this type of human trafficking with other leaders in INDIA.Mumbai is a such example of HUMAN trafficking .please do work to soft this menace .
0 1 please provide all items like grocery and every thing in cheaper rates in every cities with online marketing facility to avoid the shop keeper are selling items with MRP rates .
0 0 Shakshi maharaj ko abhi notice bheja gaya yahe karya modi sir app pehle bhe to kar sakte the
1 0 private sector should mend their ways without government support in transparent way competing globally  support is only for handicapped people
0 0 hype is good  ...   hype on things we can no afford is not good...   basic things are first for india  which are all affordable prices, home, primary health and education of poor children
1 0 railway budget :   we dont require bullit trains   we want normal trains to run without accidents.  track and signal improvement/  more no goods train to inrease the revenue and not to burdent the conman man on second class sleeper tickets.  I have seen lot migrant people in tamilnadu from north india who can afford only one trip to their home with their meager income
0 0 School Education Dept. of Chhattisgarh give a handsome salary to teacher's with building mid day meal to students and other facility but students and guardians are uninterested for govt.schools.Main reason of  unsuccess is view of teachers they know they are permanent employee to go school or not .Not any provision to transfer in another dist.So most of the teachers are local and involve in another business
0 0 State Govts and local govts should be involved. A stste comittees with members from that state should be invilved and this committee should report to the central committee at the centre. Monthly review meeting should be held to review the works done during the month. Award should be given to the state which has done exemplary work in that direction. Severe vigil teams are  to be formed to constantly check this menace and the police are to be involved who will report the regular progress achieved
0 0 Full page advertisements in several newspapers on vibrant Gujarat and other programs of Government by spending huge amounts remind me of the “India shining” ads by the previous BJP Government. It was evident that the people did not like that. They thought Government is wasting public money for self boasting. What the people really need is good governance and they are sensitive enough to know that without any publicity. I wish that the present rulers realize that.
1 0 The main reasons behind human trafficking are poverty related and kidnapping. Create a economic environment where earning would not be a problem, create Self Help groups etc. and as far as kidnapping is concerned local police has to be responsible but more often than not they themselves provide protection to these people and they frequent brothels free of cost.
2 0 I would like throw some light on drug /medicine price in india  .Drug /medicine  policy should be framed about maximum retail.for example a drug with maximum retail price with  1600 rupees inside  a hospital but but outside near a distance of 100m  it available same drug /medicine with  800 rupees. so policy should be framed in controlling maximum retail of the drug /medicine.
0 0 Since international Yoga day has been declared by the UN, It is our responsibility that we must practice yoga frequently if not regularly. Hence, Sundays can be chosen as the 'National Yoga Days". By doing so, every Sunday whole country can assemble at their nearest playgrounds so that the whole nation can practice Yoga. It will make others (foreigners) too to do Yoga. Like the way it is done at Times Square (New York) etc, Government must come forward for that.
1 0 Govt knows that common people feel afraid to enter in police thana & many police thanas are always put on sell by seniors, idea is that govt should open information centre 'may I help u' with the help of every news channel wid male/female staff or NCC in all thana speciality in UP,bihar and delhi so that corruption will b less and common people male or female can enter in thana 4 registering his/her complaint ,parallel women police help centre should be installed in every bus stop etc 4 safety.
0 0 Yoga has been declared as a National Project. Can a person having backache, joints pain etc. perform Yoga? Why not combine Lions project of relieving pain w/o medicines www.lionsactiontv.com be combined with it. This gives instant relief as appreciated by Indian Armed Forces, Maharashtra Police etc. If Modiji asks Lions to hold Pain treatment camps n Dhoordarshan to cover treatment n training program, country can get pain n weakness free to a great extent. Its a Challenge of Lions Club Sujok.
1 1 Gov. should launch a website in which we people can also work as security agent.in this we can ensure that what is going on around us like any suspecting people/object or any illigle work. You should provide us a unique I'd by verifications.. This can be secure nation and people. I hope u can understand what I want to say.... Because to many intelligence around us who can help in securing our nation... Thank you
0 0 Poverty and child labour are linked, so is the tendency to get cheaper child labour. look at the key reasons for the problem of human trafficking. The other solution relates to adoption laws. bring in a culture of adoption in India, make it simpler to adopt in India, by Indians of Indians...
1 1 Lots of beggars carrying the child are not their own child,so DNA test should be done of the child & the women/men.
2 0 1.Better education facilities should be provided to the children living in orphanages. 2.NEW & strict laws should be framed with the lines of international laws.
1 0 1.The main reason behind the human trafficking problems in INDIA arises from the orphanages,they are involved in these activities. 2.The agency should keep a close eye on the orphanages,& blacklist those which are involved in these activities. 3.The agency must visit every orphanage once in a month. 4.A DIGITAL DATA of all the children living in the orphanages should be prepared centrally. 5.The border security should be tightened. 6.the new orphanages should pass through strict clearances.
0 0 Please attention sir in my old post
0 1 The National Principle can include the following:-  All religions are same.  Practice your religion for peace and prosperity and also let others practice their religion for their peace and prosperity. Help all religion followers.  Humanity is greater than religion.  " these should be mandated in the floor of parliament for displaying every where in india .  The trustees are to be penalised if not displayed in front of every public / common place of interest. These should be a prerequisite.
1 1 Sir we are living in a critical age where we have to respect all sect and religion.  however, this sometimes limits our prosperity owing to secular brandisation.  Sir can we make certain principles to be declared as national principle and to be practiced by all. These should be displayed in front of all religion places like temples, masjids, gurudwaras, churches, schools, madarsas, gurukuls, hospitals, bus stops, railway stns.
1 1 We can improve our nation through farmer.because farmer is main part in this world.and our farmer can go in good condition.we need to start separate budget for agriculture budget.from 2015 this will be new and inovative.here railway buget are sepratly present then why not agriclulture buget present (which field give us 60 %employment as well as fulfill our bread and butter need )kindly think and start as of now.
0 0 CAN WE HAVE DATA ON PUNISHMENT /RATE TILL NOW.--HTPA
1 1 Hello Sir, As I have some Ideas for National institute of transforming India if these ideas will be planned then it will be really helpful for nations growth.The ideas are related to every person -income -expenses -health -wealth- experience.permissions - if you will give me chance to work in full time NITI I will structure and implement it very effectively.second IDEA is for farmer -training schools.as per my view farmer is real and big employer in country .
1 0 most of the depts of the govt ask in put from public , why not health ministry on medical education/  health programmes/MCI. if MCI is corrupt means corruption at TOP.
0 0 The proposed agency should have federal structure and should acting on information provided by & cooperating with other national and state agencies, NGo's and common people. Proposed agency may adopt common people, students, retired defence personnel, experts as volunteers who will provide information to agency and working with agency to stop human trafficing in their area.
0 0 DEATH PENALTY should be imposed on child traffickers , or on criminals who traffic human beings.
1 2 the website link is not working or it is loading some other language website, Admin please check it
0 0 Human trafficking is very serious offence but its punishment is very less in Bharatiya Law, First thing is to increase the punishment by law, second knowing exact population of each state and people how goes out of state to work is necessary.
1 0 There is urgent need to tighten the work culture in the Govt. Offices and Govt. Employees. let us look at the work culture of Private enterprises employees.Now if one strictly and correctly add up the value of all benefits enjoyed by the Govt. Employees, it will never be less than those in the Private Sector. It will be definitely more. So why can't the Govt.Employees work also as per their counter parts in private Sector. Is it because they do not have organized Unions and Job security?.
1 0 Human Trafficking is not considered as a burning national issue. So thousands of people are becoming victims to this devil. This is the right time the nation realizes the importance of eliminating this shameful activity. CORRUPTION is becoming the BIGGEST bottleneck for ANY AGENCY to deliver on their defined objectives and commitments. So we thought of putting a structure in place for the agency to function effectively and deliver on the set objectives.
1 0 We all talk about human trafficking. But we should understand that it is not limited to girls being abducted for marriages or prostitution. But, also the children abducted and then put into as domestic servants. In order to stop this, we need to have a quick response by the police teams. many times it is noticed that police dont take early action leading to difficulty in tracing missing people.Strict action should be taken against errant police man. if proved guilty they should be punished.
3 2 Respected Sir, There is a fire bridge emergency number 0124-101 not working in Gurgaon (Millenium city). We called several times on emergency, but it's not working. Kindly activate this nuamber a.s.a.p. and save many life's of citizens.
1 0 Only paper writing will do no good for India,now is time for practically engaging in stopping human traficking and do need based research.
1 0 Human Trafficking Prevention Agency should be a national level body whose chairperson should be a retired justice of Supreme Court, other members should include a retired IAS officer, a retired IPS officer, a social worker of repute in this field, a representative of relevant NGO etc. It should have constituents in each state with similar structure and its area of functioning should include whole of India.
0 0 I was just going through proceedings of Indian Science Congress inaugrated by Honourable PM.India encouraging the science & tech in big way. Why not give it a practical shape.Theory with a backbone of Research labs.No one except government can provide research facility. One is R&D of AIR & DD which is at verge of closure, why not govt take that infrasructure for young scientists.
0 0 NEVER BE HEALTHY INDIA BY THIS GOVT.POLICY. TODAY A DOCTOR WHICH IN CITY GIVE MORE BENIFIT THAN A DOCTOR WHICH GIVEN SERVICE IN VILLAGE. A DOCTOR IN CITY more salary,more house rent,more benifit,gud infracture,FULL MAN POWER STAFF.. A DOCTOR IN VILLAGE NO MORE SALARY,NO MORE HOUSE RENT.NO INFRACTURE,NO STAFF.SO DOCTOR BE ACT AS CLARK. SO IN VILLAGE DOCTOR DO MORE PAPER WORK THAN TREAT PATIENT. AUTOMATICALLY DOCTOR WILL GIVE SERVICE IN VILLAGE..IF IMPROVE THIS.INDIA BE HEALTHY.......
0 0 I know india is known for culture. But for this it doesn't mean we couldn't take any step for our country which our culture may not allow. Legal sex industry is good way to stop human trafficking. We all know behind the curtain this industry is In work from years,so why not legalize it. Its not a bad practice afterall the world had adopted it years before. Everyone knows it as a good step but fear to imply it because of propaganda of conservatives who I think don't want India to stop HT
1 0 HTPA should have focus on effective coordination amongst all state police departments, MHA and MEA to help control the menace of human trafficking. It should be led top bureaucrat from central agency with regular status reporting to responsible judicial committee.
0 0 Computer Ka zamana hai.Rajasthan mein govt office mein him log 8 saal Se kam kar rahe gain lekin hame permanent nahi kiya gaya jab ki him qualified hai.
2 0 Legalising sex industry, I think, is the only effective key to stop Human Trafficking. If that is not legalised, and sex workers are driven away from pors-corners, the filth of the society will not be centralised in a corner but will mushroom here and there polluting the whole society. So, legalise and control it so that no one joins this work force unwillingly through traffickers and the filth called red light area can be a certain place; not anywhere.
1 0 The "Be Smart, Be Safe" brochures describe the tactics criminal groups use to coerce and traffic women, the jeopardy of trafficking, what women protect themselves against the groups, what are victims' rights in other countries, and how they can get help while in the country.Poverty and lack of economic opportunity make them potential victims of traffickers associated with international criminal syndicates. They are vulnerable to false promises of job opportunities and other luring promises.
0 0 please focus. Sex trafficking is an engine of the global AIDS epidemic.
2 1 Mosquito breeding needs several preventive steps. Builders should ensure properly designed & executed drainage system. I can see bad execution I where I live & in the apartment complex in Mumbai. Can we have so national helpline to report?
0 0 I am impressed by all the initiatives started by the Prime Minister. Lot of money left India because of easy money policy followed by the then government between 2009 to 2013, which was not needed. or might have been needed only in 2009 and 2010, but not beyond that. These money were taken from the banking systems for projects that were stalled for various reasons. Unless we can get back the money we see no future. What about a forum on offshore and onshore black money? Unless we can bring
1 0 I am attaching a connectivity diagram of communication scenario where one can use VSAT, GSM, Wi-Fi, VoIP and remote cameras and laptops to create communication links in the event of a disaster. Videos and images from disaster sites can be directly and in real-time be sent to PM's or CM's office and help in taking quicker decisions. I would like to know how I can share more details/white paper on inter-networking of these technologies.
1 0 take strict action against private consultants regarding job. Some agents/consultants/consultancies...gives fake information regarding job or career, and with that fake information they collect fees/security amounts/deposits...for 100 % job guarantee. but in actual after getting these money in the term of fees/security amount/deposits..they don't provide proper job to candidates. This is the big corruption in India..specially in metropolitan cities..like Mumbai, Pune etc....So take action...
2 0 IT VERY PLEASURE TO START MISSION""WHY WAIT FOR OPPORTUNITY-LETS CREAT OPPORTUNITY" IN GUJARAT IT TREMENDOUS HELPFUL TO MISSION TO MY GUJARATI STUDENTS AND SMALL SCALE BUSINESS TO MNCS THANKING OF YOU
0 0 These matter shall be solved by govt in time bound manner
0 0 Happy new year to you also. Can I share some points with you for betterment of education. 1.  Kindly re introduce NEET system in plcae of AIPMT making it compulsory for all states and all university including private, this will bring more transparency in getteing admission in medical college also it will prevent private colleges to ask any amount for the seat. 2. As like in china all the colleges are Govt. colleges, here we can't make them as Govt. college but we can set some reasonable  fee
0 0 Human trafficking  is  such  a  cheap  work ..this  agency  if  work  in good  way  than it  can  atleast  stop  the  tears  of  many one  but  one  think  is necessry  to  discuss  only  trafficer  are  not  responsible  for  trafficking small town people  who sold  his  child to smguller for  few money  to  overcome  from poverty ,  but this  is  not right .  so  this  agency  also  pay attention  on  such type  of  people also  ..thnkuuu
0 0 All who have undergone through this menace can give better solution and there an organization of these people can give a brighter way.
1 0 No suggetions needed. When our 543+250 parliamentarians desire to stop human traficking that very day it will be stopped because these are the representative of 125 crore people.
0 0 children,girls are most affected sectors among trafficking.girls are sending to prostitution,children are sending  for begging.they are loosing their   childhood and education.later they converted into anti social elements.using powerful laws it should be stopped.
0 0 kare to is abhiyan ko bahot jald pure desh me apke madhyam se chalaya ja sakta hai kyunki yadi aapke ek jhadu uthane se sara desh jhadu utha sakta hai to aap yadi ek baar swayam yah abhiyan chala denge to humara desh iske madhyam se bahot jald hi phir se sone ki chidiya ban sakta hai, apko aur hum sabko sirf export ke liye marketing karni hogi jisase desh me manufacturing jyada se jyada hone par rojmarra ki upyogi chije sasti ho jayegi aur export karne par humare desh me bahar ka paisa bhi ayeg
0 0 aur crimeless ke mamle me duniya me sabse aage hoga. Isi tarah yadi krishi ko bhi subsidies ke sath business me convert kar diya jaye to krishi me bhi nai pidhi ka rujhav badhega aur phaslo ke utpadan ki samasya bhi bahot jaldi dur hoti nazar ayegi. Yah ek meri soch hai jiske tahat maine "make in India but make by Indians only" abhiyan chalakar choti si suruvat bhi ki hai aur natija bilkul positive hai, logo ko sujhav bhi pasand aa raha hai. Main chahta hu, sir yadi aap is par thoda vichar kare
0 0 hatho me education certificate aur dusre hatho me laghu udyog ka idea hoga, jisase nakari na bhi mile to ve koi na koi laghu udyog ke madhyam se chota mota business kar sakte hai is tarah se humare desh me manufacturing ko bhi badhawa milega. Aur ek din aisa ayega jab sabke hatho me koi na koi rojgar jarur hoga jisase videshi chijo ka import kam hoga swadeshi ka export hoga, garibi kam hogi, berojgari nahi hogi to crime bhi kam ho jayega aur ek din is madhyam se humara desh education, employment
0 0 Aabhaypratap Chaube To, Shri Narendra Modiji Sir, berojgari, garibi aur crime ko control karne ke liye mera manana hai ki jis tarah se saksharta abhiyan chalaya gaya aur aaj bahot log sakshar bhi huye par sakshar hone ke bavjud naukari ki samasya bani hui hai kyunki ab competition ho gaya hai aur kyunki naukari kam hai, usi tarah baccho ko agar school me padhai ke sath sath laghu udyog bhi ek subject de diya jaye to padhai puri karne ke sath sath unke hatho me hunar bhi aa jayega is tarah se ek
0 0 Modi Sir... Appreciate you for great initiatives like - Swach Bharat Abhiyan, SAGY etc. But looking at number of villages we have, it will take ages to develop each & every village. Some village might improve phenomenally whereas others may lag due to diversion of funds. Therefore I request you to launch another initiatives where people like us can develop a village as well (Nagrik GY). We all have our roots connected to village & that way this can be developed as a mass movement.
1 0 In my opinion Government should consider bringing transgenders in the main stream by utilizing their potential in various fields where there contribution will be immense for the good of society.In earlier times lso they were utilized for security of palaces etc.Their deployment in police and ensuring cleanliness will not only be helpfull for society but help transgenders for their respectfull living and earnings.Recently in Chhattisgarh one transgrnder has been elected as MAYOR
0 0 sir human trafficking ko rokna hai toh kai steps lene honge.hume apne law and justice ko sudharana hoga.iss institution ka kaam hona chahiye ki har city village mein iss ki branch ho wo iss policee ko supervise kare sir aaj kal acid attack or rape case jyada ubhar kar aa rahe hai toh iss mein kahi na kahi humare samaj ki bhi galti hai sabse pehli baat cyber world mein porn hata dena chahiye .adults movies par bhi thodhi kamar kasni chahiye.awareness programhone chayieschool meinmoraledu padhana
0 0 Great that high implementation capability of the Hon`ble PM is brought to bear on the wheels of GOI  machinery. Things  move faster. Message is that the country cannot waste time & afford luxury of  non-performance.   But  this  acceleration thrust must reach the States, Districts & sub-district levels , the cutting-edge levels where  vast array  of  services  are expected to reach out to the citizens. People must feel they do not live in a  dead world. It responds. Monitoring 24X7 is a must
0 0 In all red light , crossing road , 100 meter of metro station & 100 meter of  railway station, Railway Train, 100 meter of  Bus stop, Penalty clause of 1000/- on giving भीख . This will discourage activity like Bhikh Magna . Metro Station Sector 16 Noida Penalty clause of 1000/- on buying things on  crossing road , 100 meter of metro station & 100 meter of  railway station  ,  railway Train, 100 meter of  Bus stop, from children below 18 years or Selling of goods by child labor this will discour
0 0 Full Time maid job profile should be termed slavery under the law. It is an opportunity for work related harassments, rape crimes, flesh trading etc. Refer http://wp.me/p3dJz1-c7
0 0 THE SCHOOL FEE OF DAV CANT,GAYA IS VERY HIGH AND DIFFICULT TO EFFORT TO COMMON MAN. EVERY YEAR ,THE READMISSION IS CHARGED WHICH WE FEEL PROBLEM TO EFFORT.PLZ LOOK INTO THE MATTER AND NECE. STEP FOR COMMON MAN
0 0 sir aap ne 25 rs ke note chalu karne ke bare me rbi ko pucha hai accha hai par hamare desh me jo chiller ka dhanda 5-10% par chalraha hai ushko kaun band karega chhiler bahot hai lekin log chiller jama karte hai aur 5-10% commision kpar bechate hai kripaya karke chiller ke ish dhande ko band karvaye aur aise logo ko saja dilwaye
1 0 All the efforts towards cleaner/greener India, Skill development and Digitalization will be more effective and worthwhile if one more agenda of birth control can be introduced. Strangely none of the government talks about this or try to spread the benefits of smaller family in citizens though everybody talks silently that exploding Population is the main reason behind failing all schemes driven by Govt.'s. We have everything in plenty and as simple as that one Apple can be divide as half in two
0 0 like registering the birth of child we should implement DNA testing and recording the data at national data storage at the time of birth. Birth certificate should not be issued till DNA testing is done. This DNA data should be available to all the police an security departments fodepartmemts. This will help identify every citizen of INDIA. Child birth certificate and aadhar card should be issued simultaneously. This aadhar number and biometry will also help identify every citizen .
1 0 For surajya, Can I ask government to make the working style of the consumer court more effective?  I have filled a consumer case in year 2014 & now it is 2015, but still the case is not resolve. Every time I go there I feel depressed by seeing the way the consumer court is functioning. It require so many round & also duration between the date are too long. The simple case which if judge pay just 30-40 min time, can be solve on the spot without any delay.
1 0 Uncontrolled growth in Population leads to poverty and illiteracy which ultimately leads to Human Trafficking. So along-with an agency like Human Trafficking Prevention Agency (HTPA) there should be approaches to address the problem of increasing population inter alia.
0 0 Tax on Remittance : NRI's contribute over USD 70 Billion to India annually, tax on remittance is a big deterrent. While the Govt may be right to Tax Corporate Remittance individual remittance from employed (both blue collared and  white collared)  will expose them to Havala Route. This would also discourage people like me to remit my savings to India and would rather save outside India . This will be a betrayal to millions working abroad !! This is white money ,please allow it come legally,Thnx
0 0 Kudos for clean India initiative. I suggest new drive for cleaning Indian homes filled with unwanted unused articles.
1 0 Continued: for getting an LPG gas cylinder. This should be implemented not because of any deficiency of service but because of ease of convenience. If a person gets transferred from one city to another or changes his house from one locality to another in the same city, he will be able to avail services of the gas agency which is nearest to his area in the new city or locality and it will become easier for him to visit the office for any work,if needed.
1 0 The Department of Telecom a few years ago launched Mobile Number Portability which enabled the customers to change their telecom operator without having the need to change the mobile number if they were not satisfied with the services of the operator. The scheme has been a success. On the same lines the Ministry of Petroleum should launch 'Gas Connection Portability' which will enable the consumers to switch over from one gas agency to another while retaining the gas connection/consumer number.
0 0 Petroleum Sector:  GOI to Explore natural resources available  in the ocean for the replacement of petroleum products.
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014. Dept to consider: Asia:Endemic morbidity and mortality due to diarrhoeal disease primarily associated with floods and droughts are expected to rise in East, South and Southeast Asia due to projected changes in the hydrological cycle associated with global warming. Increases in coastal water temperature would exacerbate the abundance and/or toxicity of cholera in South Asia.
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014. Dept to consider: Asia:It is projected that crop yields could increase up to 20% in East and Southeast Asia while they could decrease up to 30% in Central and South Asia by the mid-21st century.
0 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014. Dept to consider: Asia:Coastal areas, especially heavily-populated mega-delta regions in South, East and Southeast Asia, will be at greatest risk due to increased flooding from the sea and, in some mega-deltas, flooding from the rivers.
0 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014. Dept to consider: Asia:Freshwater availability in Central, South, East and Southeast Asia, particularly in large river basins, is projected to decrease due to climate change which, along with population growth and increasing demand arising from higher standards of living, could adversely affect more than a billion people by the 2050s.
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014. Dept to consider: Asia:Glacier melt in the Himalayas is projected to increase flooding, and rock avalanches from destabilized slopes, and to affect water resources within the next two to three decades. This will be followed by decreased river flows as the glaciers recede.
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014 Health dept to consider Critically important will be factors that directly shape the health of populations such as education, health care, public health prevention and infrastructure and economic development.
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014 Health dept to consider the increased frequency of cardio-respiratory diseases due to higher concentrations of ground level ozone related to climate change; and,• the altered spatial distribution of some infectious disease vectors.the negative health effects of rising temperatures world-wide, especially in developing countries.The balance of positive and negative health impacts will vary from one location to another, and temp rise
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014 Health dept to consider Projected climate change-related exposures are likely to affect the health status of millions of people, particularly those with low adaptive capacity, through:• increases in malnutrition and consequent disorders, with implications for child growth and development;• increased deaths, disease and injury due to heat waves, floods, storms, fires and droughts;
1 0 Lima Climate Change Conference - December 2014:The Lima Ministerial Declaration on Education and Awareness-raising calls on governments to put climate change into school curricula  and climate awareness into national development plans. To be implemented in India
0 0 Climate change : Health dept to work towards reducing the climate change risks.
1 0 Strong anti trafficking law and strict implementation, fast track courts to deal with it. Strong rehabilitation program for the victims (including skill training) and incentive for those, who are willing to take care of them. And if you really want to curb, there must be a dedicated law to deal (to protect and not to stop them) with domestic help and other trafficking victims. It has be a multi pronged approach, with the involvement of govt., agencies, NGO etc, so as to make it effective.
1 0 This is a very shameful act by some people to earn money and riches at the cost of invaluable lives of their own brothers and sisters.i think there are several causes that lead people to follow these horryfying acts.want of money,lack of employment,mean political motives etc.it's also seen that victims are also passively involved in it as they have very little choice for their survival.goveent must take strict action against such practices.establishing an agency for this will be a great idea.
1 0 sir, to stop trafficking please put check on agents who help in hiring domestic help in metros.They bring children from tribal areas and put them as contractual labour.no one is getting benefited in this business except these agents. child labour,human trafficking and tax evasion is closely related and this gives more profit to agents then sending girls to sex industry. pls refer to real time experience on this link : http://india-ananalysis.blogspot.in/2014/12/blog-post.html
1 0 Adding further... Whenever the educated and people living in the urban areas see any child at signals or working as a child labour, this should be reported to police so that appropriate action takes place to track down the criminals.
1 0 The main reason for which people get trafficked is the 'Job Requirement'. Generally, trafficking takes place when people want to earn for their living and they fall pray to wrong people. Trafficking is seen mainly in the rural areas of India where people are not aware of their rights, This mainly happens because they are not educated. Thus, the main thing we can do to stop this is make them aware of such things happening in the country, and training them to act as informers whenever they see act
1 0 This is very essential for sustainability of the nation.  There are many reports in the media it seems much more than. (particularly in the old city of hyderabad). Air port authority of india should check every individual case to avoid these type of incidents and several voulentary organisations and professionals should be involved in monitoring and prevention.
1 0 Honourable PM has showed his c=oncern for people with Disability in all his 3 Man ki Baat, but still there is lack os sensitivity at Govt level. A very simple thing which can be done immediately to support Special need people is to provide online reservation facility for Train Travel which is still missing. When Senior citizen can get it why cant PwDs. Pls do it on top priority. As a parent and a social worker I am sharing this  with a great hope from Hon. Railway Minister & PM.
1 0 Our education system should focus on making children in to good citizens and not only engineers and doctors. Recent happenings in the society against girls is also because of education without social relevance. Better to mould a child than punishing the elder after the damage has been done. I always emphasise on discipline in our actions and thinking right from childhood as a practice till it becomes a habit.
0 0 "Educating our young people is the most critical responsibility we have as a nation."
2 0 aadhar card digital hona chahiye. inequality ko dur karne ke liye quality education ki jaroorat hai,
0 0 Structure Composition and Functioning No need of new agency. Sub unit of anti corruption units has to work upon it. First the functional autonomy should be given to anti corruption agencies at state and centre level. Sub unit should be headed by IPS officer with the outer support of NGOs. Functioning------monitor the reports of recently kidnapped girls, collect information about pimps and strengthen the policing system,
1 0 citizen ID should be made compulsory. corruption at every level should be curbed with stringent law. Citizens should have fear of law. most important is sensitise citizens  at every level,school,colleges,university, media broadcasting
3 0 Make Adhaar compulsory for every citizen of India. The information can be used to track illegal migrants, street children, vagabonds. A SOS number to be published in newspaper everyday. Raids to be conducted at suspected places. More teeth to be given to the law the police.
1 0 Respected Sir, There is a fire bridge emergency number 0124-101 not working in Gurgaon (Millenium city).     We called several times on emergency, but it's not working. Kindly activate this nuamber a.s.a.p. and save many life's of citizens.
0 0 I would like to raise concern for the "Neat Giri " India There should be a College for theese ministers they should have a basic  degree from that college only the toppers and the maximum marks holders should go in theese fields
2 0 Modigi ,I  saw the  news in TV channel about  the  Pakistani boat , which entered into  the  Indian sea area in Gujarat state. I  am telling something  about  that  boat. Please see and  read  my  JPG attachment. Regard, Tanmoy
1 0 Human Trafficking Prevention Agency (HTPA) shall be constituted in hands with the volunteers' group who actively participates in social sevices like Child Education, Child Labour Rehabiliation, Woman Safety and more of same nature like AASRA, VATSALYA GRAM etc. These social groups can be enabled with some enactment of the Civil Police powers that to work efficiently, and the purpose be solved. The HTPA, thus enacted, shall include harsh codes to be levied on the culprits. Thank you.
1 0 RESPECTED SIR,aaj jab sardi mei hum 3-4 sweater-jackets pahankar b thand samjhte h,sir mann kaap jaata h jab primary school k baccho ko bina chappal,jooto,sweater k dhekhti hu..sir aaj primary schools mei baccho ko dari,taat pattiyo mei baithaaya jata h...itni thand mei?????SIR KYA HUM PRIMARY SCHOOLS MEI B TABLE-CHAIR KI VAYAVASTHA LAAGU NHI KR SAKTE??JIS KISAAN K KAARAN POORA DESH JEEVIT RAHTA H,KYA USKE BACCHE K LIYE HUM ITNA B NHI KR SAKTE????humaare desh ki neev...HUMAARE BACCHE.
1 0 chemotherephy drugs are avilable 50% more discount than hospital rates at open market.the drug mixing department is banned out side drugs
1 0 dear sir my brother is suffering cancer disease and treatment from RAJEEV GANDHI CANCER INSTITUTE & RESEARCH CENTER ROHINI DELHI.the cancer treatment is very high costly.But the management banned to puchase of drugs outside of hospital therefor the costing of drugs inside the hospital and open market more than 50% of MRP.hospital shop costly than open market.when patient already suffer mentaly physically and economically.after this management cut their pocket
0 0 Aadarniye maanniye Modiji,aapki desh k prati kartavyanishta ne vastav mei hume bahut prerit kiya h....jab aapne swachhta abhiyaan chalaya to mujhe apne training k dauraan ek bhaiyya ki yaad aayi...un bhaiyya(vinod pokhriyal)ne hume 4saal pahle sikhaya ki agr toffee b khaate ho to dustbin mei daalo,agr dustbin na ho to apni pocket mei rakho aur dustbin milne per usme daalo,buses mei b iska dhayaan rakho...aur aaj ye baate humaari aadat ban gayi...from-DEEPTI RAWAT(TEACHER)
1 0 The latest report of the National Crime Records Bureau states that over 60,000 children go missing every year in India --- that’s one child every eight minutes or seven every hour. Of these, on an avg more than 22,000 are not found. First of all this rate should come down by closing all FIR's relating to these kind of cases. This should be done by giving targets to every state to reduce the FIR's by 30% atleast. Also central agency to co-ordinate and keep a track for this should be formed.
2 0 Hi Sir, I am a computer emginner works in USA. I visited my home town Agra and saw the bad condition of SN medical college. People are suffering in Burn ward and they don't have any doctor and Nurse in hospital. its a Govt hospital and family members are changing drips and bringing medicines. Whats the use of this hospital then.  why no one is looking at these things. Kab aaynge ache din india me. You should make a Task force team for raids on gov hospitals.
0 0 Respected sir, I think newly created Niti Aayog can be better renamed as "Bhartiya Rashtriya Niti Aayog" or 'National Niti Aayog' or 'Rashtriya Niti Aayog' Thanks and Regards
1 0 1. Youth has to be given a direction by Government. The mix constitution is not good for development and decision making. The constitution needs liberty and union nature.no federal nature. Education is to be a central subject in the constitution. 2.We have everything ready given by our past generations. Honourable Prof Dharampal Ji in his work in the books and the speeches of his pupil Late Mr RAJIV Dixit are clear cut guidelines to plan the progress of our motherland. 3. We need decisions
0 0 This website address appears in the description is not correct. www.stophumantrafficking/mha.nic.in CORRECT Website Address: http://stophumantrafficking-mha.nic.in/
1 0 In democracy, all citizens must learn to be democratic, not for the sake of politics, but for the society. Society is the biggest Human Trafficking Prevention Agency. If the society just learn to bear the responsibility to protect its neighbour, i don't see any reason that human trafficking can take place. The problem is our divided societies. Can we all not make one society for the India, 'The Society of Human beings'?
1 0 Government should adopt transparent policy over fuel pricing and pass on the full benefit of reducing crude oil prices to the people of nation, instead of increasing the duties on the fuel. Government can increase duties on luxury items in view to reduce the deficit.
1 0 It should be made mandatory to get identity of a person before giving him accommodation on rental basis.Whenever one unknown person is seen in an area for more than once, local police station should be informed. Provision should be made for Local Police Stations to take a diary of such information and do the necessary inquiries.  Thus we can avoid many instances like explosion, drug smuggling, human trafficking.
2 0 HTPA is running under guidance (shadow) of political,police and power(money).these 3 are using innocent women for their works and money. so first these three to be clean for eradication of htpa.
6 0 a major cause of human trafficking is the corruption in the police force.The police are well aware where, when, how and to what extent criminal activities are being conducted,but when they are either paid by these criminals a regular hafta, or these activities are conducted by the kin of politicians the police look the other side
1 0 I think awarwness n girl- education should be made n rural areas.And atleast one member n a family should be given govt.job specially in northeast states..This reduce the possibility of selling their child due to poverty..And indirectly human trafficking s reduced..Protection to the victims should also be given.
0 0 There should be financial penalty on smoking in the train.
0 0 Happy New Year 2015
2 0 Provide jobs to unemployed poor young women. Thus, we can prevent human trafficking in India
2 0 Happy New Year 2015
2 0 Poverty and lack of economic opportunity make women and children potential victims of traffickers associated with international criminal organizations. They are vulnerable to false promises of job opportunities in other countries. Many of those who accept these offers from what appear to be legitimate sources find themselves in situations where their documents are destroyed, their selves or their families threatened with harm, or they are bonded by a debt that they have no chance of repaying.
0 0 Government funds shelters and local NGOs, provides counseling, health care, physical security, and skills development programs for abused domestic workers and victims of sexual exploitation
2 0 In my personal view that the government should invest quality time during the evaluation of e-Governance projects.
1 0 for lead the country in e-governance,more workshops help in arriving at cohesive solutions that enable improvements in procurement processes and complimented for leading
0 0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Trafficking_Prevention_Act
1 0 HUMAN TRAFFICKING PREVENTION AGENCY (HTPA) MUST PERFORM ITS DUTIES WITH UT MOST ABILITIES.
1 0 Ease of Doing Business In India
0 0 It is time a Crack Down on all Islamic Terrorists in India is activated N SA is a retired Cop he himself can devise a plan. Coordination among central and state agencies is totally lacking.Integrate them and then burst all hide outs and sleeper cells of Terrorists. CONGRESS govt did not allow agencies to work freely.It is time Anti Nationals be treated like one.Jai Hind.
1 0 Let's be frank Guys ! Human Trafficking happens for one reason "MONEY", All u need is to eliminate Beggars kingpins also known as Mediators/controllers/goons of these beggars, U will resolve 70%of human trafficking problem..Same as when u remove the commander the foot-soldiers are directionless in a war ! what do you say...?
1 0 We Indians must bow down our heads in shame for not providing decent livelyhood to our women.Our ancestors had respect to womanhood by advising that " where woman is worshipped, God will reside". Now in current scenario, we are downgrading ourselves by not giving fair opportunity to women to lead respectable and decent life. Human trafficking must be stopped. we must have social agenda of imparting education,creating jobs and assure them of better sustainable good days ahead
0 0 E cards
1 0 eveyone carries mobile phones, if govt. provides toll free number and mandidate to be saved in speed dial list.then, whenever emergency/required person will simply press the key instead of dialing number.and that number may be connected to police control room.
0 0 hi sir please help me in how to submit our logo /tagline ?? I am ready with my work just need to submit please help urgently
1 0 80 % Human Trafficking is done for commercial sex 20 % for Bonded Labor.80 % such people hail from North East,Nepal,West Bengal,Bihar etc.And main reason for this is poverty. Central Government/State Government should select poor villages in different areas and make them Economically strong.Open schools,Shops,Small scale Industry.So that these poor people are not lured by Contractors for cash benefit.
2 0 Poverty is the mother of an  ABOMINABLE CRIME such as human trafficking. It is only children from very poor families who are trafficked for menial acts, hazardous labour and prostitution.
1 0 Please arrange to provide adequate guideline and instruction for LPG cylinders connection to the bank linkage.Dealers are not giving proper response and people are actually tired of it.Even the response is also very low. They are giving us feeling as if we are baggers who are going to their door steps. It is very ridiculous.We are feeling very frustrated. Rather create different centres also proper helplines.This also applyo all govt scheme and pragram in which people are directly attached to it
0 0 Pls do not regularise the illegal colonies in Delhi whose total population consists of around 7 lac people without impact fees. If you regularise them without impact fee..then it would be cheating to People of Ahmedabad and Gujarat who has paid INR 100 crore every year in the last three year as impact fee towards regularise their illegal construction be it residential flat / commercial construction.. Recove..r adequate amount and do not do any discrimination to the people of India...
1 0 Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited (A Joint venture of GAIL ( India ) Ltd. & BPCL) - This organisation had started online payments facility for customers to pay monthly bill. They stopped it last month for reasons unknown. This company had in the past did not send bill to customers for almost one year. They sent bills after customers started shouting!!! The Government money is no body's ownership is true???? Will Union of India look in to this mismanagement?
1 0 Human trafficking takes place because the teeming poor have no source of income or work. Private companies which don't hire a security guard for money saving will pay more than a crore to a fresh IIM graduate. This gap has to be bridged by legislation.
0 1 TREMENDOUS  DEVELOPMENT IN  ELECTRONIC MEDIA/INFORMATION TECH. CUTTING DOWN A DAY WILL IN NO WAY AFFECT INDIA'S ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS. INTERNATIONAL MONEY MARKET/FINANCIAL SYSTEM FUNCTIONS 5 DAYS  A WEEK .   BANKING AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM WILL NEITHER BE AFFECTED NOR COLLAPSED IN IMPLEMENTING 5 DAY A WEEK. MOREOVER, IT WILL CREATE MORE INNOVATIVE THOUGHTS AMONG THE EMPLOYEES  FOR BANKING/FINANCIAL SECTOR REFORMS/DEVELOPMENT.   BANK STAFF COMMITMENT IN NATION BUILDING  IS NOT COMPARABLE
1 0 Poverty is a major factor which allows human trafficking, particularly young girls for prostitution. Close watch needs to be maintained in railway and bus stations and suspects should be questioned by the police in presence of some NGO representative. Education of girl child and creation of gainful job opportunities in the rural areas like food processing and health care sector needs to be speeded up.IPC be suitably amended for more stringent punishment to the offenders by fast track courts.
1 0 It is due to some motto 1 For begging purposes 2 for criminal activity 3 For cheap labour purposes 4 For human organ selling 5 Naxal and terrorist activity it is more or less related to poverty humanity in us as the syndicate which operated begging activity is one of human trafficking because it is business in our country since long now a days it reduce due to awareness and busy schedule development and infrastructure development so location are reduce but previous it was major reason  of this
1 0 To PM This is regarding to section of public transport.I did hear from my sister that during her visit to Singapore she found that every vehicle was embedded with an accounting system in it where it had a direct link to the drivers bank account with a fixed amount of money.On finding any guilt of the driver like he avoids the signal an amount of money would automatically get deleted from the account.I found this as 1 possible way of avoiding accidents in traffic cities like Bangalore.
0 0 Mr. PM... Pls keep a watch on the developments going in Gujarat..There is increase in corrruption and crime rate in Gujarat...Pls control the same...Thanks
1 0 As per my view ban of  human trafficking can be possible practically upto an extend by making each and every citizens aware about their rights.
1 0 As per my feeling the all such ideas are marketed in cities only and also in social media ,but if such innovative ideas are implemented in ground level in remote areas than only the meaning has take some weight and benifit to the common mass..
0 0 The word that is TRADE of HUMAN being in the modern era is blemishing for us. Agency should spread awareness about it mostly in the remote zone or in the villages where it all started and also government should develop those areas with economic as well as communication.Agency should trace back victims way to hell with the help of police and also rehabilitate the victims.
1 0 SIMPLY THERE BE STRICT ACTION  AND RULES ON THIS TYPE OF ACTIVITY HUMAN TRAFFICKING ,,THEN ONLY YOU CAN CONTROL IT AND FOR THAT WE NEED FINGERTIPS DATA FOR PUBLIC VIA UNIQUE CARD ... SO WE EASILY ANALYSIS REQUIREMENT OF DIFFERENT PLACES  ,STATES , VILLAGES , AND GOVERNMENT CAN TAKE ACTION BASIS OF IT
1 0 ADDHAR CARD MUST BE TREAT  AS A UNIQUE CARD AND IT MUST BE AS DEBIT CARD LOOK WISE AND ACCESSIBILITY WISE, THIS CARD CAN BE USE WHEN PERSON GET MEDICAL TREATMENT , JOBS , EDUCATION  ALL DATA IN SINGLE CARD  SO THERE IS NO NEED TO STATICS DEPARTMENT  DATA WILL BE SAVED AUTOMATICALLY ON THIS CARD AND   GOVERNMENT EASILY TRACK JOBLESS DATA,  EMPLOYMENT DATA,MEDICAL DATA. THIS CARD MUST BE OPERATED BY FINGER OR EYE RETINA PASSWORD ONLY  THAT WILL INCREASE TRANSPARENCY IN DATA
0 1 We have make karate camps in every district to stop human trafficking
1 0 HTPA should be developed as a clearly defined matrix organisation of type of human trafficking and its functionality as monitoring, investigation, rehabilitation.Each cell should be self empowered. High level of coordination will be the key to success. The most important aspect is how easy and effective reach is designed for the vulnerable segment of society to the HTPA.
1 0 The conditions of our highways being bad as they are, the safety is greatly compromised by heavy vehicles hogging the extreme right lane moving very slowly thereby forcing 'faster' vehicles to cut lanes to overtake them from the left thereby greatly increasing the chance of accidents. This menace has to be addressed quickly with high priority. One more thing, why can't heavy vehicles be banned from using select highways on weekends to enable leisure tourists with families travel safely?
1 0 To reduce or stop trafficking 1. reduce poverty 2. we all should increase sense of moral responsibility 3. Our police to be free to take action (they are mostly influenced by monetary reason or powerful personnel) 4. find and stop money flow obtained by trafficking. 5. Lastly what i and many other think (may be wrong) that what all it happens can't happen without the help of of our law makers and law keepers. so their morals needs to refrained and the hunger of money to be stopped.
1 0 CENTRAL GOVT. HAS TO START AN ORGANISATION, WHEREIN HUMANS / CHILDREN LOST WITH THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS LIKE-J&K Floods, Uttarkhand Floods, Tsunami in TN, Riots, Bomb blasts, Kumbh Mela, etc. CAN BE REUNITED ALONG WITH THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS ( This will prevent Human Trafficking ) & THE SKILLS OF HUMANS / CHILDREN STAYING THERE CAN BE PUT TO MAXIMUM USE UNTIL THEY ARE RE-UNITED  or  NEW SKILLS CAN BE IDENTIFIED, DEVELOPED / NURTURED AMONG THESE HUMANS. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 Trafficked individuals may be treated as disposable possessions without much attention given to their mental or physical health. Accordingly, some of the health problems that may be evident in a victim include: Malnutrition, dehydration or poor personal hygiene Sexually transmitted diseases Signs of rape or sexual abuse Bruising, broken bones, or other signs of untreated medical problems Critical illnesses including diabetes, cancer or heart disease Post-traumatic stress
1 0 Vast number of Childrens' homes have come up in the recent past particularly in Southern India, post-tsunami. These seem unregulated and have scope for abuse such as trafficking. Set up a system that will make the running of these transparent. E.g. mandatory corporate sponsorship as part of CSR, mandatory enrolment of these kids in govt schools, social audits, peevention of foreigners from entering these homes/ directly donating (to protect from international child abuse rings) etc
0 0 Dear PM, Aadhar card concept is very usefull & multi-purpose tool; apart from its known & projected uses, it can also be used for keeping complete (and multi-use) record of our Human Resources. As on this forum Mr. Parthsarathi S. has suggested that we shouuld  keep record of our unemployed youth, I think that the record of skills and other working capacities of all adults should be collected-maintained with their UIDno.for better use of their copetencies for nation-development & control crimes
1 0 Don't we have enough Agencies already? Does it solve this problem. What the millions of Tax Payers unfortunately none of the political parties talk/care about; want is please make the existing agencies EFFECTIVE.Authority, responsibility go together. My 12 year old daughter told me one day not to watch news channels on TV as they make me desperate and devastated and she is absolutely right. 'Make in India: when I buy any item, I ask shopkeeper whether it is an ORIGINAL, while in Europe I don't
1 0 I believe that there be mandatory medical security for all citizens so that one does not die for lack of medical facilities which very much hpns at present, govt can at least start immediately with d mandatory MEDICLAIM for a sum of Rs 50 k/1 lac for the new born child, to be given at d time of applying for birth certificate of d child and linked with Aadhar no of the mother so that d forge certificates cannot be issued. Hope it come to d notice of PM sir and 1 does not die of lack of medicine
1 0 Everywhere I can see ladies begging on the roads with infants & Babies. It is obvious by seeing them and child that the child has been kidnapped as they look rich and health in initial days. M.G.Road Metro station of Gurgaon has more number of children like this. I have seen these children are always sleeping due to some drugs.These children are forced to beg without dress to cover in the winter.All are watching this including police. Why can't this government take strict action against this.PLZ
1 0 this is huge task as a nation we have.the root cause is gender imbalance in society and illiteracy.we need to address both this issue comprehensively.as  a society we need comprehensive laws against gender imbalance.we strongly need 50 % reservations in parliament and state  assemblies for woman very urgently. simultaneously it is important to have 50 % reservations in educational institutions and  jobs for women every level.
1 0 almost every issue has been covered , I READ pm HAS Asked for negative reports on govt .
1 0 PM has promised prompt action on public grievance , most of the writings in this  are reactionary / grievance. let us see th e  response  nothing was silly, at least MCI . please look in to it.
0 0 Recently read a news item regarding linking of PAN number when applying for Director Identification number. It is known that every company hat is incorporated is required to obtain PAN number before it can start operation which starts with opening of bank account. Why cannot a promoter applying for company can simultaneously apply for PAN so that he along with incorporation certificate gets PAN. This can save time by at least seven to ten days of his activity going operational
1 0 time has come to transfer law and order from state list to concurrent list, as most of the human trafficking crimes are national and international in nature and required multi disciplinary action. dont create any fresh government body, just strengthen and modify existing bodies and laws
1 0 Make job opportunities in Rural area . Provide them better education . teach them the important of Agriculture .
1 0 I belong to Jabalpur, MP & i have been working out of Pune for last 10 yrs. Why is it so difficult to develop same kind of IT companies set-up as in Pune. If C.B Naidu can do it for Hyderabad (where world's best IT companies are based) why can't S.S Chouhan can do it for Indore or Jabalpur. No one wants to stay away from their families. Its just that we don;t have enough jobs in MP we have to go out. We studied in MP, are proud of MP, but can't just work in MP. Is this logical?? We need IT in MP
1 0 PM sir, the most important issue is how we can develope patriotism in our country. Most of us are self centered and spoiling country's unity and enhancing discrimination. I feel everything will settle if youths are compulsorily made to serve our armed forces for at least two years like in some of the other countries. The best out of them may continue in the service and others can live their lives as they want. Think over it, make our youths better citizens before any other opportunities.
0 0 Corruption is so deeply rooted in MMD KOLKATA, they don't even move their fingers without bribes..... And having wasted 7-9 Lacs, 5 yrs of peak time it is so difficult to resist..... They are literally harrassing seafarers... There is complete monopoly in Candidates' ORAL exams.... I beg you to please do something.... Digitalize the MMDs please.  SAVE THE SEAFARERS, WE SERVE THE COUNTRY After so much of professional pressure it's really ridiculous behaviour on the part of GOVT servicemen
2 0 REVAMPING PROCESS OF APPOINTMENT FOR IAS, IPS, ETC. - There have been discussions from quite a few yrs that many IIT, MBBS & other technically qualified people join UPSC Administrative Services thus defeating the very purpose of getting such qualifications. Govt. spend a lot of money on those educations which remain more or less unutilised. My suggestion- A separate Stream Bachelor of Administration for 3-4 yrs may be started after +2 level to give a choice to all students to go to any stream.
2 0 Proper vending zone for the street hawkers/ vendors. It has been observed in several parts of Delhi that street vendors start their business on a road, which not only creates traffic jam but also for this they finally occupy that place which is basicaly for the purpose of the footpaths. It not only consumes more petroleum products but also creates noise and air pollution. It can be ruled out that there may be chance of involvement of cops in unethical act. In my view this is the right to settle
2 0 Joint efforts of state and center are needed to stop human trafficking. A portal should be developed where anybody could report the missing or kidnapped person of his family with the details of name,father's name,address, identity, last stay or place and wearing etc.A special cell(HPTA) at center should co-ordinate the matters with states .Both the origin and destination places police should do prime investigating and submit report on portal along with unknown death/murder records of country.
0 0 deer prime minister sir,main ek private company me naukri karta tha muje meri bimari ki bajay se  naukri chala gaya please sir muje meri naukri bapas dilba dijiye sir muje T.V ki bimari hain maine apko kitni bar likha hain please sir muje help kijiye .muje jankari nahi hain kaha pe likhna chahiye apko mila bhi ya nehi  muje ek naukri chahiye koibhi me karunga main sarbananda sir ko bhi likha tha regards,RAJU DAS NILMONI ROAD KARIMGANJ ASSAM 8876010099 email raajudas377@gmail.com
1 0 Steps required for internal black money : 1. Recall currency notes of Rs. 500 and 1000 asking the citizens to show the source when depositing in the bank account. 2. Create a right to acquire the property if any one ready to give 50% more then the amount recorded in the registration document from the date of registration.
0 0 In India max people do not follows the traffic rules and always they are in hurry to reach their destination. I would like to suggest to follow the traffic rules religiously and their must be strict guidelines. Lane rules must be implemented ASAP. People are dieing on roads without comitting their mistake. There must be common rule for all Indian except special cases.... Talking will not solve this problem but action could..,.
1 0 In each state separate Board of Special Education should be established with scope for disability friendly comprehensive academic & vocational education under one roof to enable all children with disabilities to acquire both knowledge and skill leading to their employment or self employment.
1 0 It should disrupt human trafficking by Air, Sea and land. HTPA should partner so many other agencies to curb Trafficking. Officers, Field assistants should be given training to bust the trafficking racket. Should be connected to local community so that cases can be reported immediately. Helplines to be established.
0 0 Salute to Mr. Narendraji Modi.. M.P. is heart of India. Not being biased as i belongs to MP. I would suggest to make M.P. as software hub. What GOVT is doing for MP progress? MP is full of natural resources and young caliber still its hide for nothing. Please do something for MP so that farmers and other people will note decide to leave rural areas.....
1 0 human trafficking is for three cause 1. money seeking 2.  organ replacement 3. for brothels. So as a conclusion all  type of people are involved in this , police, mops underworld,  doctors for money , rich man for healthy life and fresh organ . and remaining all for evil deed . so to stop these is the only way  to stop is by cultivating good habits in childhood by better education system . as system to add " Naitik shiksa " in syllabus
1 0 a website dedicated to human traffiking be initiated
0 0 Government of india need publish a book where we see what we are before and what we are now by pictures and the book can buy from.any where in india in main cities like our god hanuman ji we forgot about our culture how india give world 0 zero identity how india give world paper cloths manners chess and many more why we missing indias old discipline why we think politics is only for politician family jab  janta ka janta k dwara janta k liye chune gaye logo ka samuh hi sansadd hah
0 0 We can stop all main problems of health rapes kidnaping human tracking if people of india recieve a quality food quality milk quality ghee cow etc etc after a good health everyone can save his ownself and others so we need a healthy india free from milawat ka jehar only a healthy person can help others and we need awareness of our indias culture sarkaar ko ek book nikalni chaheye ki india kya tha pehle or angrejo ne kaisa bana diya bharat ko ab hamme firr se us adarsh bharat ko banana hah
1 0 Declining sex ratio is the major root cause of human trafficking. Govt can tie up with social shows like satyamev jayate and crime patrol to spread the awareness about human trafficking. National level planing is the need of the hour.
1 0 Sir The main reason behind all this is illeteracy which comes out from poverty,so we should first focus on removing poverty then only this problem can be solved because a rich and literate man cannot be the victim of this problem.
0 0 Human Trafficking Prevention Agency is real need of hour in rural India where Indias villages are facing crisis due to large scale female child trafficking as it will screw gender ratio further.
0 0 The transgender community in India is today maligned and is forced to interact with criminal elements closely associated with trafficking etc. Create a post of SPO for transgenders and draft them as eyes and ears of police and intelligence. This will give them a salary and dignity, and make them valuable contributors to society and also help curb trafficking
1 0 Create a wing within police organisations, preferably composed of women, that does random audits of all orphanages. Support this with a system of specifying strict criteria to set up and operate orphanages e.g. who is permitted to set them up, are there minimum qualifications, absence of criminal record, compulsory funding by a corporate CSR fund as well as a Govt body (and not just NGO funds) to force transparency etc. This will minimise risk of orphanages being used for child trafficking.
1 0 1.form rapid action force to tackle HT 2. easily accessible service and information forum for informing and getting the service of HTPA 3.relevant and correct information about HT ,should be encouraged with prizes
1 0 ....... Prostitution , it has been there in ancient India (mentioned in Artha Shahstra). Which will put curb on trafficking of women and children in flesh trade. 3. The social Justice Department may be guided to take a proper count on beggars to stop maffias inn these area and child trafficking. 4. Stringent laws against trafficking. 5. awareness among people about human trafficking so that they don't become easy prey of employment agencies. 6. Proper employment registration by govt. bodies
1 0 Sir, any agency can curb this abhorrent practise only transiently. The root cause of this menace, lack of employment, burgeoning population, stagnant economy, have to be addressed. A dedicated helpline, women police stations, a task force under the ministry for women & children, along with the national & state human rights organisations can be mandated to take necessary actions with input from local police intelligence. These women & children need to be effectively rehabilitated / counselled.
1 0 Modiji,please dont let your credibility be brought down by statements being made these days.Indians want to live honourably in India,BHARAT and in foreign land, Indians are most respected these days due to your image only.Now,people chant MODI India when they meet us.We love u ,please save us for sake of GOD.
2 0 Respected Hon'ble PM,HUMAN TRAFFIC PREVENTION AGENCY (HTPA),THE SUGGESTIONS TOLL FREE HELP LINE INCENTIVES TO INFORMERS HUMAN TRAFFICKING DSP/CELL AT DISTRICT POLICE HEAD QUARTER,FAST TRACK COURT,ADVERTISEMENT ON TELEVISION CHANNELS,PUBLIC HEARING COMMUNITY POLICE AT PRV/ULB LEVELS,ENCOURAGE PARTNERSHIP WITH INDIAN RAILWAY etc.ARE WELL ADVISABLE.
1 0 I have the following suggestions: 1) Toll Free Help Line 2) Incentives to Informers 3) Human trafficking DSP/Cell at District Police HQ 4) Fast Track court 5) advt on TV channels 6) Public Hearings 7) Community Police at PRI/ULB levels 8) Encourage patnership with indian railways and state bus associations 9) participation of NGOs/PRIs/ULBs to form girls-self-defence clubs.. 10) Data base at district level
1 0 Domestic Human Trafficking: Train & use crime prevention sleeper cells in cities/industrial areas to alert about possible child/women trafficking. Special & secret cell in each city to monitor NGOs & Religious orgs, becuz its a organized crime, mostly running under shadow of such organizations. International human trafficking: Slowly & steadily, make Aadhar-linked Biometric verification mandatory for international exits/entry of Indian citizens.
1 0 we have to make strict rules against the sex houses. Also i believe as a prevention we need to make the society strong enough to fight for themselves, especially girls. we need them all to learn some form to martial arts or self defence techniques, which i believe we can start at schools and orphanage levels as orphanages are more exploited than other places. make it a complusion to teach defence techniques to all at student level itself
1 0 TO STOP THIS GET 4 RULES 1.GET THE LAW REGARDING THE SEX HOUSES 2.ERADICATE CHILD LABOUR 3.INDIFFERENCES BETWEEN RICH AND POOR 4.PUNISHMENT FOR PEOPLE WHO DO THIS THE BROKERS AND THE PERSON BEHIND THEM UN FORTUNATELY LAWS ARE THERE BUT DOESNT WORK AS THE PEOPLE WHO MUST DO THEY WORK ARE NOT DOING IT TRAFFICKING IS DONE FOR SEX HOME WORK DRUGS BAN THE SEX WEBSITES WORKER AS HELPER MUST BE REGISTERED DRUGS MUST BE BANNED IMPLEMENT THE RULE OF GIVING THE HISTORY OF PEOPLE GOING ABOARD FULLY
0 0 Sir, my request is to have 'Coruuption Free India' Group.
0 0 TVs and Internet media play great roll.Introduce for normal values,creativity,fine arts, Games/sports in educational units as a subject irrespective of Govt/ private  schools from 1st std to 10th classes.  Doctors/ sycologists play great roll to educate the society with their Ethicks can make swachha Bharat and also sansaad grama yojana ....to stop HUMAN Trafficking feel will come
0 0 Human trafficking is one of the most hideous crimes in our society,Stick laws and severe punishments to the criminal should be a mark in our society.
0 0 First of all introduce HTPA to all common man using website or using social sites 2) introduced it by using school n college so most people connect with it so people can get help from HTPA n support HTPA as and when needed.
0 0 the said agency should be constituted by police, human right activist, judges, psychologist and like this type of people and should be autonomous. educate the society with the ethics. and so on....
0 0 Sir we need to introduce moral and value education in schools and colleges, and try to indulge the mind of the students in meaningful activities, like arts and creativity
0 0 Internet can play a great role in the prevention of human trafficking...
0 0 ""www.stophumantrafficking/mha.nic.in"" is Not WORKING.
0 0 There will be a website of HOME MINISTRY. where lost person detail are available. the POLICE NETWORKING should also be improved...
0 0 Human Trafficking is a very serious issue. I would like to urge on the Home Ministry, to  fence all our borders, especially with Pakistan & Bangladesh. Punishments should be made more stringent.
0 0 STRONG IMMIGRATION LAWS REQUIRED. STRICT STEPS TO BE TAKEN BY STATE POLICE. STRICT VIGIL TO BE MAINTAINED FOR BORDER CROSSINGS BY WALK,BY VEHICLES,, BY BOATS, etc. ALL RECRUITMENT AGENCIES / EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES TO BE MADE ACCOUNTABLE / RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH NEFARIOUS ACTS ( before recruiting & sending persons, they have to get satisfied about the acts of their Principals ). SHANMUGANATHAN.B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN )
0 0 Yes we do see humantfficking but none of us have a right place where we can complaint because if we think we will go and to complaint to the police its a joke they are already a part of it at a big scale . Even today i know places where its happening but i cannot do anaything i know lot of places but of no use . Who would listen and take actions within time ?.
0 0 The divisive politics has its roots in our system, and as such, it will require overhauling the system itself, if we are interested in destroying the evil- lock, stock and barrel. Blaming the individual politicians or the political parties for the evil is tantamount to not seeing the wood for the trees; may prove counterproductive.
0 0 Run it by women only. Women are far more sensitive to such issues.
0 0 What they call "GM(Genetically Modified) Food Stuff", should, in fact, be called,"GC(Genetically Corrupted) Food Stuff". Laboratory Experiments for developing them shd be banned forthwith.
0 0 Since the tenure of all the incumbents holding political posts is for a strictly limited term, the question of formation of communities of professional politicians, with vested interests in the Govt.- solely responsible for ever increasing corruption- does not arise in democracies governed by egalitarian system of governance.Quick-fix solutions and cosmetic changes,doled out to tackle the monster of corruption in our country only go to aggravate the malady.They are worse than the disease..
0 0 Pensioner-beneficiaries of CGHS retiring from autonomous bodies like CSIR are not treated at par with their counterpart retired from purely government service-particularly in the matter of grant of credit facilities- facility of cashless transactions in obtaining medical treatment in the CGHS private empanelled hospitals, healthcare centres, nursing homes etc. Simmering discontentment among this section of CGHS pensioner beneficiaries is quite justified.
0 0 HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS MOST DANGEROUS CRIME EVER IT IS BIGGER THEN THE MURDER SUGESATIONS TO SOP HUMAN TRAFACKING ARE: 1.MAJOR REASON FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS AN OPEN MONEY FIRSTLY EVERY TRANSACTIONS ABOVE TEN THOUSANDS MUST BE THROUGH CHEQUE OR THROUGH CARD 2.STOP Rs 500 AND Rs 1000 RUPEE NOTES 3.ONLINE,BY TOLL FREE NUMBER COMPLAINT REGISTRATION SYSTEM TO BE LAUNCHED AND COMPLAINT PERSON IDENTIFICATION TO BE KEEP SECREAT 4.
0 0 There shd b very strict law against the practice of more than one person of a group of blood relations and/or belonging to a single family, at the same time, holding one or the other political post either in d govt. or in any political party. The practice degenerates into sort of whole time family business- a sure recipe for blatant corruption, and corrupt practices capable of destroying the very fabric of democracy.
0 0 In order to b really effective, Public Grievance Officer for  a Govt. Dept., shd not be below the rank of Additional Secretary to the Govt. with powers to call for the files, and concerned officers for discussion, hold enquiry into a matter or direct an officer not below the rank of Jt. Secretary to the Govt. for the purpose. S/he should belong to a separate, distinct cadre by the same name to be created in the Ministry of Personnel etc., and allotted Departments for settling pension etc.
0 0 All Octogenarian pensioner-beneficiaries of CGHS and their spouses (irrespective of their age), must be placed in the Private Ward category entitling them to Private Ward facilities in all the Govt. and CGHS empaneled Private Hospitals, nursing homes etc.
0 0 The Dept. of Pensioners’ Welfare, Ministry of Personnel etc. under the charge of Hon,ble Prime Minister, does not entertain the pension-related grievances of those retiring from Central Autonomous Bodies, Central Universities whose Pension-related grievances addressed to the Ministry are routinely transferred to the concerned Autonomous Body authorities by the Ministry, absolutely without doing anything about them.  The Dept. of Pensioners’ Welfare, Ministry of Personnel etc., should be revamped
0 0 Human trafficking is the second most profitable illegal industry in the world . In our country if we talk about the basic is very simple as we everyday see people who look forced for these things but the biggest point is if i want to complaint about this where i should go . If i go to police they wont bother cause they are the partners in crime . I every day see illegal things being sold almost outside a police staion in the most central place of delhi . So why would human traffiking be stopped
1 0 Most of the poeple issues can be solved if the corporator is held responsible for his work. The issues in any community should be discussed and address by corporator (along with current roles they are playing). They should meet their ward people, understand the issues and discuss with Govt.  Corporators should have a term of only 1 year - and depending on performance they should be allowed to continue. Their work should be published in a full page in newspaper, so we know what they have done
1 0 One of the major problems which I see in developed layouts in Blore, is about road maintenance 1) House owner takes water connection 2) For a function, they install a shamiyana Similarly there are many non-govt people who damage the road. Actually if we wait for Govt to fix it, it takes very long time. Govt should allow individuals to fix roads on their expense as per govt norms. People are ready to repair on their own expense, but can't tar as the process is difficult to follow.
1 0 Start a local human trafficking task force.by giving trainingpolice staff on how to identify the indicators of human trafficking and assist victims.Encourage your local schools to partner with students and include the issue of modern day slavery in their curriculum. As a parent, educator, or school administrator, be aware of how traffickers target school aged children.start a grassroots anti-trafficking coalition.Distribute public awareness materials by govt.
0 0 Human Trafficking can be stopped by making an amendment in Article 19. Freedom of Speech and Expression needs to be checked in modern day light. Expression by the medium of films have supported human trafficking. In India films should be made on the impacts of drugs, sale of girls topics of public concern, because the films have the power to arouse the sentiments of the viewers. Human Trafficking can also be controlled by adopting the policy of 'love thy neighbor'.
1 0 Human Trafficking is a sin, but the antisocial elements involved in this trade have no value for humanity. The reasons are obvious, money, lust, greed, sex and violence. It is easy to use and sell any human body to wipe sin traces. This can be stopped either by engaging all citizens of the country in farming sector or military. Compulsory military training for all citizens and 5 years  service in army will help in controlling the trafficking to great extent.
0 0 Dear Sir Please introduce spiritual education - not religious from a young age. Yoga is being promoted aggressively but children should understand it's far beyond incredible acrobatics and body twisting postures. There should internal transformation to view humanity as one and to practise inclusiveness. I would suggest kriya yoga by Sadhguru jaggu vasudev to be introduced in schools and offices.
0 0 1) Evacuate Confiscate and Dismantle the RED LIGHT areas in Mumbai,Kolkatta, Delhi, Goa etc with bulldozers 2) Construct some stadiums/schools/Hospitals for public use. 3) Post Sub Divisional level Police officer/ Officer with Magisterial powers in these areas.4) Repatriate all the victims to rescue homes of respective states.5) Identify big hands behind these and put them behind bars to book to justice for their heinous crimes.
0 0 Dear P M Sir You have taken up so many challenges and problems across the country right from administration,black money,corruption,obsolete laws,Inflation,International relations,Pollution Control,Swatcha Bharat, Jan dhan Yojana,Make In India,Control of prices,Terrorism,so many one by one and recently drug mafia also.YOGA advocated by you is now adopted by World.Sir another horrible and sordid plight of India is WOMEN TRAFFICKING! Look at this link on Harikiri of young girls in the REDLIGHT area
0 1 cbi enquirer on anbumani ramadoss.   please do it  they are a vey bad political party  based on caste  deserved to be punished
0 1 if parties in rajya saba obstruct good legislation take it in the joint  sitting or get it by way of an ordinance.
0 0 rajya saba is in shambles the same way sushma swaraj and advani held the parliment when upa was in power  you reap what you sow.  I am disgusted to see the way politicians are doing harm to this country  Please come to rajya saba and put an end to this nonsense
0 0 it is practically impossible to guard all schools and all public places in India which is having a huge population  what best we can do is to work for religious harmony, taking disciplinary actiion  on hate mongers whether they are hindu  and christian, sikhs or muslims.  crpc 402 should include this with non bailable condition and media should work for religious harmony to create a mass awareness
0 0 security against terrorist attacks.  what best we can do in this matter is to remove unnecessary protection given to politicians big industrialist, governors(no use for such posts)  and so many policemn used in the traffic department whose main work is to bet bribes from the lorry owners and motor cycle travellers.   ,
0 0 Stop with one line order.
0 0 This is my humble request to our honourable PM Mr Narendra Modi, Imposing ban of 1 year on Sarita Devi is a case of dent on Nation Pride, corruption and demotivation of Sports Persons. Kindly press AIBA to remove the ban as it is an important step to make our youth feel that Gov is always there to support them in adversaries. And this will encourage them to indulge in different sports.
0 0 Human trafficking is the most brutal  sins being conducted so far..Kidnapping a child and then transferring him god knows where , kept in uncomfortable and unsuitable reasons..Is it humanity...? What does these people gain by such endeavours ..Shame on them..Indeed it is  'kalyug'... and a immediate stop on them is needed...Poor children without seeing their own world are pushed into a world of violence and hardship...Poor souls...
0 0 MyGov is an immensely useful idea to tap the energy, initiative and minds of millions of citizens of the country to develop India. It can only come from a government that has the welfare of the country and its citizens at heart rather than just a desire to enjoy and exploit the fruits of power. The latter kinds of governments build walls of silence, bureaucracy and superiority between them and the citizens rather than engagement as Mygov is doing.
2 0 Please this is INDIA not Foreign . We have a different culture here so why such things are not stopped. "Aakhir kab tak aisey chalega" ?  And moreover these films are given the title of adult films then why are they shown on television ? If children see these type of movies then what ? This is how INDIA will grow with dirty things in it. Sir please it is a request from me do something to stop this. I am sure with this rape issues will stop. Plz do something. Please some one bring CHANGE.
3 0 These dirty films have a bad effect on our society. This is what by which today's society is fed with. I wonder what is the work of CBFC. What do they see in such stupid films in which there is shown only sex scenes all the time more than the story. And this is pyscho that whatever people see is stored in their minds and they react to it in this way raping girls. I do not want this to happen. Who gave the permission to sunny leone or poonam pandey to enter film industry ? Bloddy pornstars !! Who
0 0 Swachh Bharat means we should neat and clean in all aspects to stop polution,drinking,better education . transperacy from PM,MPs,CM,MLAs,MLCs,and other relevent officers, and also one say good word we people maintain good relation with Good Governece, we always respect. Adarsa Grama Yojana followed byState and central,policies with strict implimentation autometically improve india and also villages to form clean India,Geen India,digital India,healthy India,scavenging-free India.
3 0 Hello sir i want to say that its my request that first you should pay heed towards the rape issues which are happenning so frequently in our country. First save girls "beti bachao" then think of their education. Please save girls of our nation. Is this our fault that we are born girls ? Just think. We have no right to live ? Sir i want to tell you that attention should be given on the portrayal of women in films. We are responsible for this.I am 90% sure this will at many extent solve this issue
1 0 4. some time girl child sold by parent gov should take care these people having their own income and who are buyers they have to jail maximum years of their life because even after 4 to 5 year jail they will start human trafficking  so these people having 15 to 20 years jail
0 0 1 start web portal for missing and found girls and boys for missing it has authority to police only and found authority can be any one 2 HTPA can target those area (village, Thasil,district,state) where more missing observe for human trafficking specially girls and make communication bridge to those city these girls found more human trafficking 3 make sure that both end police is do good job if not HTPA having special power at selected area 4 some time girl child is sold by parent so gov
2 0 It is my suggestion to government that there should be a cap on the fees charged by the private schools and gradually the system of government school must be improve and like in the foreign countries education till 12th standard will became free for all the citizens of India in government schools as well as in private schools this will help for education for every child of india. This will help  us in our nation building and improve the future of each and every child.
0 0 the education system in India is very Costlier in Private schools and the situation of Government schools are not good. the mentally of indain citizen is they want the govtt job for his future but they don't want the govt school for education, govt hospital for treatment, In Rajasthan while visiting the government school by honorable CM it was found that the teachers are not know or able to write the spelling of February. this situation must be improved
0 0 Bi traffic nake hote hain uss pr un shradaluon ko tang kia jata hai. Ab mai sirf aap se itna hi favour chahta hu ki aap iss par thodi nazar dale.
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, Namaskar mai apka bahut bada prashansak aur Follower hu aur mai apki 16th Dec ko Jo Jmu me Rally thi uss me mojud tha aur apke pratyaksh darshan pakar mai dhanya hua. Uss din Jo apne speech do uss me aap tourism in J&K Kay bare me bol rhe the. Mai apka dhyan issi aur akarshit Karna chahta hu ki jb bi koi tourist J&k mai  Vaishno Devi ji ke ya Amarnath ji ke darshan karne ke liye yahan ate hai toh lakhanpur mai state tax chuka kr ate hain lekin raste mai jitne b
3 0 #1:Reach a grassroots of trafficking coalition #2:Distribute public awareness materials available from the public health dept/Human resource dept. #3:Encourage your local school's students and aware on this issues. #4:As a parent, educator, or school administrator, be aware about traffickers target school/college-aged students. #5:As a Student-Take action on school/campus.Establish a club/society in your university or school to raise awareness about human trafficking.
0 0 •	Donate funds or needed items to an anti-trafficking organization in concerned area. In this context, it is further submitted that tax rebate should be given on such donations under section 80G of the Income Tax.
1 0 •	Start a grassroots anti-trafficking coalition. •	Distribute public awareness materials available from the concerned department. •	Volunteer to do victim outreach or offer your professional services to a local anti-trafficking organization. •	Volunteer should write a letter to the editor of local paper about human trafficking in his community.
1 0 •	A toll free number should be provided by the concerned authorities to get help and connect with a service provider in concerned area, report a tip with information on potential human trafficking activity; or learn more by requesting training, technical assistance, or resources. Call on toll free number directly to report suspicious activity and get help from the concerned department.
0 0 Please ensure that people who are caught with such actions are made to serve food to others and fast for 5 days under strict observation. Ask all the married couples for better suggestions.
0 0 OUR COUNTRY IS RESOURCEFUL. WE NEED TO TAKE SEVERE ACTION AGAINST EXPLOITING OF LABOUR. PEOPLE WORK MORE THAN 12 HOURS BUT ONLY RECEIVE A MEAGRE SALARY. WE NEED TO INCULCATE THE THINKING/HABIT THAT PHYSICAL WORK IS ALSO MORE VALUABLE AND PROVIDE LEGITIMATE COMPENSATION FOR THE SAME.
0 0 Dear Hon. PM Sir & CEO mygov.in, I hereby request you to create seperate forum for follwing topics of national importance for citizens to give thier suggestions for reforms. 1. National Security 2. Safety, especially road safety 3. Women Safety 4. Cost rationalization in real estate, education and healthcare sector 5. Inflation and Black marketing in in commodity sector 5. Tax evasion 6. Tax rationalisation for direct tax payers: especially enormous indirect taxes imposed on expenses done with direct tax paid income. Thanking you in advance
0 0 District Water and Sanitation Committee, Araria
1 0 GOVT. MUST ENSURE THAT THE PVT. RECRUITMENT AGENCIES - TAKING INDIAN LABOURS/UNSKILLED WORKMAN IN GULF REGION-- ASSURE TO GIVE MINIMUM SALARY OF Rs.30000/- PER MONTH. & THE INTEREST OF OUR WORKMEN MUST BE PROTECTED --ITS GOVT. DUTY.  JUST TO MINIMUM WAGESIN INDIA-- ABROAD ALSO RULES MUST BE MADE
1 0 Inhuman killing of Pakistani school children needs world-wide action against terrorists.Call given by Indian Prime minister Narendra Modi at UNO and other international forum is a reminder for all other leaders of the world to act against states identified and declared to be sponsoring terrorism.
0 0 Sir, Recent mindless act by a bunch of cowards on school children in Peshawar is ghostly and inhuman. We as a senior citizen of global society shall offer our service to normalize the effected part of mankind. We shall invite at least some of the effected children and their parents for utilizing our expert medical facilities and other services so that they quickly join the normal social life. This way we can show the world that humanity is as big as sky. There is no room for scars in that.
0 0 Rupee is falling.  The falling rupee is not good for the country.  It will negatively affect return on investment in dollar terms and scare away investors. The government should take quick action to ensure that rupee does not depreciate and remove restrictions on various industries such as Sugar, Power, Public Sector Banking, Oil&Gas - remove the subsidy burden and privatize - this will ensure investors will commit to India.
0 0 Rest in Peace - all the innocent school children and staff who have lost their lives to the sick mentality and cruel act of few inhuman bastards. Lot of them are shot at point blank range and some shot after chase. Now, It's high time for Governments across the World to ignore their trade benefits and unite together to teach these bastards and supporting nations/groups a much needed lesson. Pakistan Government and Army should realise the fact that supporting any kind of terrorist activities is
0 0 I think it is high time that BJP Govt starts acting fast on 1. Corruption . They should take stock how many cases are investigated and exposed compared to allegations when they were in Opposition . 2. Bringing in Black money both within and outside . 3. Less Govt and more Governance . Should report how much Govt expenditure is reduced by effective measures . 4. Make sure your MPs and MLAs do not act in a way/ manner which disturbs functioning of Parliament / Govt . 5. Submit report card of MPs
0 0 A separate department should be created consisting of honest police officials,even retired police officials having excellent record,adequate representation should be given to women,members of media,secret services should also be involved headed by home minister.The cases should be brought to fast track courts.
2 0 Dear Mr.Modi, Worst tragedy took place at Peshawar today.We feel very sorry for the losses. Big Question?Can it happen here too?Yes.Can we tackle it?No.How do we prepare?Answers:1.Reform Police system(as we still follow police laws enacted in British regime which are not relevant today)2.Increase Police recruitment(as we have only 1 police to protect per 2 lakh citizens)3.World class training&infrastructure4.Increase police salary to reduce bribery5.Digitize police procedures6.Fast track courts
1 0 in light of peshawar incident.where terrorist killed innocent children,can india also declare "rashtriya shok' AND appeal united nations to declare "international sad day".thereby giving message to the terrorists that the world strongly stands against such, and all terror attacks.
0 0 Without much problems.One chamber,High tech court be devloped in jail in which on line hearing of criminals under custody in other distt or states be heard.Govt should modify rules with consent of court.There must be a system to reviw under trial cases in which punishment is 3 years or less and if case not in line of hearig even after2 years  he may be relesed and case be transferd to Lok Adalat.In any case number of people is to be reduced in jails for better admin.The family member should be a
0 0 Honbl PM Forum  Prison Reforms First of all we should divide the prisons 1 forLife punishment given.2 for under trials in 302 or 304. 3.under trials so that new comers dont come in contact of serious offenders.Secondary serious criminals should not be taken to court, rather two court rooms be constructed in jail premise.There must be synchrinastion in issuing the dates in such a way that at least one honbl judge has one hearing in a month of cases so that law and order is maintained easily with
0 0 release a storng public statement showing sympathies with pakistan people rather blaming pakistan army
0 0 major crackdown should go in all cities borthel places where small girl children is abused sexually and lot of trading is going from poor states
0 0 without wars american economy will be in shambles pleae please nevver trust them
0 0 i am of the firm belief that india and china has to take a lead role in this area rather allow americans and russians  all the wars in the world for the past 60 years is because of them
0 0 we have to learn from history  tamileleam prabakaran had been nourished by indian government..  Indraghandhi under pressure from russia  lkalistan bindarawale created by Indra ghandhi  and she paid the price and aslo her son rajiv...  afghan taliban is a problem created by america  dont fall intoi their trap  this is a time for improved relation with pakistan  let us support them to fight terror
0 0 beware of hindu fundamentalist they are a grave danger for you if you want to grow with them the day will not far for you to go down for the same reason
0 0 unless all corrupt politicians goes to jail observing governance day has got no meaning
0 0 good governance day on Christmas  days  it is utter nonsense  dont belive much on slogans we want action and not slogans  you are not still doing election rallies
0 0 stop talking about conversions and recoversions what we want is corruption free india where all religion poor people are exploited  i dont want ram if people are getting killed
0 0 dear modiji   see what has happened in Pakistan today  240 children killed  ...  please for heaven sake ask your bjp hindu activists to keep quite  let us not get unnecessary religion fanatics flourish which will be a total  disaster for our country  I am really worried if you dont stop such acts iwill never forgive you even though i am ardent supporter of you
1 0 Res.PM, This is to inform you that travelling in a public transport I overheard the conversation of 2 men telling that some terrorists  disguised as Hindus will create chaos in the 25.12.14 conversion program by harming and killing innocent people.Their intention is to take advantage of the volatile situation and projecting Hindu society as a violent,intolerant and backward community.They want to spoil the image of BJP and create enmity and instability to  your government. We pray to You with fo
1 0 Legalize and monitor prostitution as a legal business, offer legal, medical and educational aid to sex workers who wish to reform and provide opportunities for their children to not be inducted into the line of work. Enforce a minimum age of 20 as the age of consent for any person wishing to enter that line of work and issue legal identification license card to be renewed every 6 months with appropriate medical checkups and clearance papers..
1 0 Propose more stringent legal action against convicted rapists, serial killers, sex offenders and human traffickers. Set a 3 strikes and out policy, 1st strike- rigorous prison sentence, counselling and psychiatric measures for rehabilitation, 2nd strike- rigorous imprisonment, chemical or physical castration and evaluation,  3rd strike offenders be executed for crimes against humanity without burdening public with their prison term sentence.
1 0 Banks in general and United Bank of India in particular applying policies detrimental to the interest of economic growth.Mass victimisation for working for the development of business are being targeted for vigilance.This is developing attitude of no work no risk no business.Government should make a constructive policy of risk taking in banking industry with strict norms against dishonest staff.
0 0 isko rokne k liye police  hi responsible hai nd police hi  ise rok skti hai nd police in kamo mein dalali krti hai risvat lete hai commision lete hai police and fir zaldi nhi krti hai so isse bachne k liye police ko strict  hona padega and at a time fir and alag se department jo in  cases ko solve kr
7 0 Pata nahi aap ye msg padhenge ya nahi... lekin jab bhi padhenge to action lene ka soche. Aaj ki iss nindaniya ghatna ke baad mere paas ek sujhav hai.... Hume nahi pata ki aisa koi hamla hamare desh me bhi ho sakta hai lekin hum uske liye tyar reh sakte hai. 1. Aaj hamare desh me bahut se army se retired EX service men hai.... jo bilkul trained hai.... hum unhe retirement ke bad schools and colleges me as Security Official ya officer nahi post kar sakte.... taki agar aisa kal iss desh ke kisi bh
1 0 I think first of all ......all the prostitution centers should be completely abolished......and second the verification of the girls and boys  who work in hour houses should be cumpulsary .......
1 0 It’s ‘Moment of Truth’ and despair for the 2 neighbours, its people and the leaderships.  If the jt Malala-Satyarthi Nobel and brutal killing of 120 innocent kids can’t make see reason and travel on the path of sanity TOGETHER, then what would? Dear Mr Prime Minister, please, seize this moment - declare 3 day public mourning and if possible and Pakistan permitting, travel to Pakistan to stand shoulder 2 shoulder in this hour of great tragedy or send Mr Satyarthi to represent people of INDIA
1 0 Sir, need of the time requires drastic changes in police working as well as drastic changes in judicial process otherwise crimes will increase day by day. So called stringent laws do'nt make  any sense if criminals are not punished finally. Recent spurt in rape cases has proved this. Candle march and peace march will not do anything. Changes are being made everywhere, then why not in judicial process.
0 0 Directly coming to point , woukd like to say that fast track court are also useless. Crime like nirbhaya kaand and recent ubet taki rape case issues must b solved quikly. Crimes in which culprit is arrested and crime is known by whole nation thn its usless to run cases for long yrs... for such cases time limit must b framed. Even for gov thrs time limit of 5 years thn y noy for solving crime cases. If its transfrd to fast track thn 3 months should b givn for solution.
1 0 Sir, Its about the crimes & punishments given its a shame that even after two years of nirbhaya rape case the criminals are still alive, for crimes like rapes & terrorism the punishments should be given faster and the punishment should be death penalty nothing less, people supporting ISIS in India should be stopped at the earliest or the results would be terrifying
1 0 And if we talk about any tribal region then definitely elected representative is the one to be blamed. Because problem of trafficking arises because of underdevelopment of region which compell them to leave their society in search of work. Huge amount of money has been provided via various schemes. Where had all these money gone. इतने पैसे खर्च करने के बाद भी वो इतने गरीब क्यों हैं। क्योंकि वो गरीब नही रहेंगे तो चुनावी मुद्दा कहा से तैयार होगा। to garib job ki talash me bahar jayega hi.
0 0 A gram sabha choose its head who has responsibility to look after the arising issues about everything whether it is development, employment, security issue,irrigation or whatever be it, he is the man to be approached. He should make sure the development, employment, security of his village. So this can be one way to check on human trafficking because every citizen is enrolled which he belongs to a particular basic unit of nation. So area head is responsible to ensure his/her existence.
1 0 There is only one solution for this... Just strict the rules. Just watch the APARICHITHUDU movie. Then you will understand it. People should fear to do mistakes, if you strict the rules.
1 0 I am more concerned about the developing India where religion is taking important roll. Most of the application forms either for school /college admission or for jobs, one has to indicate the religion. Why this is required to be indicated.  In the initial stage itself we separate the people by caste. Castism should be totally abolished.  We are Indians / Hindusthanis first and my name is my identity which should not be linked to any religion.The Govt should concentrate on on India's development
0 0 Human trafficking is the modern form of slavery, with illegal smuggling and trading of people, for forced labor or sexual exploitation. Trafficking is officially defined as the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harboring, or receipt of persons by means of coercion, abduction, fraud, deception, or abuse of power of a position of vulnerability for the purpose of exploitation. Human trafficking is not synonymous with forced migration or smuggling.
1 0 but what should be your priority??????
1 0 And most painful thought is.. neither you are corrupt nor any work (national interest) is progressing. Even it is crucial to note that mis management of railways (like premium Tatkal or additional surcharges, poor service quality, ticket confirmation fee to TT, full general coaches, no safety at all) is all created by govt to privatize railway. So my urge is to please come to the ground level & rethink- this Swachchta mission, shochalay mission would all be there...
1 0 so inflation is all the way same. 3. the positivity, the motivation is fading up drastically as we, (youth) feels you are more careful for NRI & J&K only. 4. No new employment opportunities are visible as result of a clear, strong govt. 5. All the industry is not utilizing its capacity & still getting clearance for capacity expansion. 6. not a single govt Babu is afraid of taking bribe ( even at times of Mr Kejariwal there was a terror).
1 0 My request to PM Modi is to please save Indian Computer Market from Online sites i.e. Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazone etc. We are struggling very much due to a huge price gap that are offering bye these sites to direct cusumers because they are not paying sales tax as well as state tax. Please save us, we are losing our existence.
0 0 old villagers treated like untouchable & my intervening lead to give them seat in last row. 2. Diesel prices have been slashed.. congratulations,,, but the fare rates of Railway, state roaways, local auto is all same. 3. vegetable selling- even on grass route level it is really shameful to state that sellers are having tendency to loot.. like here in Haridwar just 15 days before- peas were 100-120 Rs. per KG, atta 25 Rs. per KG, Edible oil Rs 140 per liter (groundnut).
0 0 A new dedicated terminal was introduced in chennai airport few years back. Looks like passengers and staff life has been compromised as more than 50 times either the glass ceiling / wall tiles / gates etc come crashing down resulting in waste of money. It is only a matter of time before a big casualty strikes resulting in more loss of lives. Appreciate if you could investigate and get this issue solved once for all and punish all the guilty involved with due publicity. Hope the govt does something before more lives are  lost.
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, My sincere apology to be a critic  & the below piece of writing. It is my duty to wake your {y(our)} government. There is a huge gap between news, declarations or commitments by govt & present situation. let me explain further: 1. with utmost sadness i would like to take you the tour of real Bharat (plz dont call it India)- here our govt employees are so rigid- one day I was travelling by UP state roadways in Delhi, the TC behavior was good with all of us except the
0 0 Proposed Structure of Human Trafficking Prevention Agency: It should have a Chairperson preferably a retired Supreme Court justice, among members it can have a retired senior IAS officer, IPS officer and above all an ordinary member of society who has keen interest in this field. At least one member should be a lady. Composition: All the stake holders including NGOs working in the field should be involved in the decision making process. Area of Functioning: It work at national level.
1 0 Why not refer to Govt. Employees as 'Facilitators" instead of Officers or Govt. servants.
0 1 to provide proper awareness among people  and must punish culprit
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, HUMAN TRAFFICKING PREVENTION AGENCY (HTPA) IS VERY VERY ESSENTIAL AT PRESENT.
1 0 16th Dec, 2 years of #DelhiRapeCase https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mj0rBJDCNY … RIP the iron lady and System of Country #TributeToDamini #Share Very important for us to have special fast track courts for these discrimination.. Fact is that we have short term memory and we just remember the victims as long as media is Showing. We need to grow up and fight..
0 0 Every Indian Happy New Year 2015
1 0 In swachcha Bharat abiyaan we should add a 'waste material must be dumped on dustbin only" and also place dustbin at suitable palace to be pefect clean Bharat
0 0 HAPPY NEW YEAR MY BEST INDIA
0 0 It is important to realise that West Bengal is a very important state and growth of the same is of immense importance for the country. The central Govt. need to understand that underutilisation of human resources in Bengal has resulted only in brain drain.
0 0 to stop human trafficking make adhaar card conpulsory for all indians. this can be achieved on the strategy of pulse polio programme where in a day is fixed for Adhaar registration .This can be implemented through Panchayats .Also railway booking, bus travelling and booking of flights should be on the basis of adhar number of each and every member.Also biometric devices should be installed at these points.
0 0 RAVI PRATAP
