5 0 First thing that should be done is to avoid interference of politicians in all sport federations. Target should be set for all the sports federations. Need to introduce professionals and experienced sports men in place of  bureaucrats.
6 0 do not place the administrators although they are IAS as sports head like sports directors, cuz they may not have the sportive attitude towards the making good sportman. example . maharashtra
4 0 very small things government needs to do , when the skill of the sportsman is noticed at young age, he/she needs to be picked up and all support from the government should be given. example. a shooters are emerging in Maharashtra but they do not have good support for the weapons,travel facility , accommodation at the event places like Mumbai, Delhi etc when they go for events. many can't afford to pay travel charges. government should think seriously
1 1 Continuation.,..(government should come with s scheme that if one have the talent,ability then he would be selected directly for the national team,then we will see more talented guys,and also more medals in event like olympics
1 0 In my view there is enough capability in our player's,the thing which matter is the climatic condition and the environment where they play.SO ministry of sport's should try that the player's get much training abroad,rather then in our country.And  for promoting sport's we should have to change our rules,because for coming in an national team in any sport's its very tough procedure for an middle class or for a guy who belongs from weaker section's.I think government should come with a scheme that
2 0 1)first give special consideration for sportsman like giving govt. jobs 2)build more schools which gives preference to sports 3)make a rule that every educational institution must have a play ground then only government will give permission for that institution 4)encouragement in sports is very dull in our country,all sportsman may not be good at studies but in our country if u r not good at studies u r underestimated.
3 0 1) de centralise SAI 2) start hiring youngsters from different strata like MBA colleges you want to be a part of it and allow them to run and build sports infra at the grass root levels 3) create accountability through transperancy. 4) remove beuraucracy from the system 5) partially privatise SAI 6) facilitate better infra at local levels with minimum support wages and food I have many more points but confused if it matters. Will love to be a part of any initiative
1 0 In many schools sports is just for leisure and not taught properly we can try and focus on child if he plays a sport well we should encourage him to go further also grounds should be made available at low price for all sports like hockey,football,tennis.also sports should be given a high priority in schools generally schools fail to do so.even counselling must be done of achieving students so that if they need any help the management can do so.sports and fitness must not be neglected
2 0 Dear pm sahb phle to bhumi adhigarhan bill Lao fir har Gav me stadium and gym aur school me two hrs khel ghanti me student Jo bi khel pasand ho khelne ki suvhidha ho
1 0 Basic foundation is must needed for enhancing sports.                        School-Interschool-District-State.........is the common method of growing sports that should be change at best level.It can be IOA i.e Indian Olympic Association-[School-Interschool-District-State.........]
0 0 espassily in health because i have lots of sttings in health department which is completed with in two years if govt giving us special riots in health sector i challange our health department deffinatly improved for example if we justify in grading system in distt and sub distt levels comes in A grade level.but if giving me special riots and power to crupt persons involved in health sector. Thankyou, MEENU ARORA, PRESIDENT OF MID WAY CHARITABLE TRUST.
0 0 hello,sorry to everyone because we such meet after such a long time i will not giving toyou any excuses now come to the point we all are seeing this our govt giving us lots of opprocunties in diffrent task now will try my level best in warrious task so wish me luck in my duties which is relayted with nation Thankyou, MEENU ARORA PRESIDENT OF MID WAY CHARITABLE TRUST.
0 0 For youth of our nation to be attracted to sports, imperative that it provides attractive returns in form of cash awards to enable him lead a respectable livelihood.At national and international level, few excel. To motivate sports as professional pursuit, there is  need to organize sports competitions at district and state level with attractive cash awards to motivate large number of youth to participate. Deserving atheletes be identified for special training under coaches at nominated centre
0 0 With this the student will come to know all the allied facility or requirements for their chosen area and this can lead to excel in that area and also lead to professional education. Eg: Engineering side can support the simulation required for sports and games. Medical side can support the Yoga, Physiotherapy, surgery etc. This can also lead to interdisciplinary and Trans disciplinary study.  This system (field and theoretical exposure),student can get laurels to country or get employment
0 0 Sports  and games should be considered or given equal importance as that of the academics. Because today some students feel sports or games in school is an punishment i.e. to play in hot sun. Hence as already mentioned in some posts, the options to choose sports / Games / Exercise / Yoga etc should be given as an option to the students and may be from about 8th standard onwards there should be also some theory course supporting the chosen sports or games, till 12th Std.
0 0 How sports works in India. A student joins in school/Colleage. During schooling, he/she develops professional degree + participating in sports. If sports clicks, then he becomes sports person. Else he comes out engineer/doctor etc. But sports is a seperate education. One has to develop knowledge and skill over a period of time. We mix Studies + sports together. Looks no focus. While joining school, candidate to have option of study or sports. Then only it is possible to grow in sports...
1 0 There are great swimmers near our coastal areas.  In fact there are some great swimmers who can swim from shore to shore - non-stop.  Can we not capture that talent and polish them to put in the National and International competitions?
1 0 Something like operation flood should happen. Create a sports anthem, create a wave in the youth to take sports. The main reasons why parents discourage children from taking up sports is because of the bleak future. Other than cricket, we are yet to see sportsmen earning good living. If we can create good revenue models for each sports, things will change gradually.
0 0 Organize sports event on school level collect the best among them. Train them as much as possible by professional sports person, but don't forget to teach them school books it will help him/her to make appropriate decision on ground.
1 0 AT LEAST FROM CLASS 5 ONWARDS SEPARATE THOSE STUDENTS WHO HAVE ABILITY, SKILLS FOR ANY SPORT SEND THEM TO SPORTS SCHOOL, MUST BE ESTABLISHED AT LEAST AT THE DEVELOPMENT BLOC LEVEL "NOT AT THE DISTRICT LEVEL", THESE SCHOOLS MUST BE FULLY EQUIPPED WITH LATEST SPORTS EQUIPMENTS & ESSENTIAL TECHNOLOGY & QUALITY COACHING STAFF. THESE SCHOOLS MAY ORGANISE OPEN CAMPS FOR THE SELECTION OF THE QUALITY SPORT PERSON AT LEAST TWICE IN A YEAR, FOODING & LODGING WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE GOVERNMENT
0 0 Long distance running be organized once a month round the year to include 10000m, half marathon and marathon. This run be organized in each state depending on season. i.e., where temperature is conducive to long distance running.  Events be sponsored for attractive cash awards for jr and sr  ( first 100 runners in men and 50 woman) in each category to generate interest and encourage greater participation. This will motivate youth to take up running as a career with ability to earn good money.
1 0 Half yearly(twice a year) auditions in every state zone wise for various categories of games and age group should be conducted to identify and screening the unrecognized talents of our country. Also after the successful selection they must be absorbed as national asset for upcoming national and international sports events by giving them financial support and free rigorous training.
0 0 Sports Schools from Nursery onwards be started all over the country. Interested parents to get their wards admitted for a particular sport. Sports be the main motto of the school whereas side by side elementary education also be imparted to them. They should be simple examinations for passing out from a particular class. Sports classes(practical and theoretical) be given more stress.This will help in nurturing children from tender age so that they become talented sportspersons in future.
0 0 pl identify jogging tracks in every neighbourhoods and encourage commercial companies like Nike, Reebock to maintain it..
0 0 Like cricket, other sports (specially HOCKEY,because it is a national game) should also given a good amount of publicity. Govt can take initiative to call sponsors for the games at least for Doordarshan channels. Along with this, women games should also be equally appreciated. This will help Indian parents to support their children and help them make good careers in different sport areas.
0 0 Our country needs to have a institutional mechanism for identifying children with talent / ability to do well in specific sports. These children should be then be given specialised coaching facilities alongwith appropriate academic facilities to develop these children into top level sportsperson in their respective sports. Also, our country needs to develop a sporting culture by having adequate sports infrastructure in various residential areas which have become a concrete jungle.
2 0 Like China, Identify few sports and focus on them. Shooting, Wrestling,Badminton,Archery and Boxing are the areas ..where govt.need to spend 80% of the total sports fund. Its the high time govt. should scrap SAI Model. We need to convert the model into the Project. Give Army - Boxing, Atheletics. Let Navy takes care of Swimming. Specific project to identify talent across India and nurture them for 10 years. China followed the same plan. Existing coaches of SAI are useless & Lazy.
2 0 We can incorporate tribal children into sports. Given their lifestyle and physical built they are natural for sports like swimming, archery, javelin etc. This will give them a great avenue to become part of the main stream and India can tap this untapped potential. I have seen great swimmers among 'Santhal' adivasi children with great muscular built. Or we can train roadside acrobats for gymnastics!!!
0 0 Regulations for good quality school grounds (many of the institutions don't have school grounds), rating of institution every year - depending on their performance. Yearly competitions inter institutional @ village level/ district level - which are happening, but linking them with commercial part of either near the time of festival for encouragement. Sports villages - used yearly long - rather on a major event once every few years We have resources - but using them appropriately
0 0 Providing the players with sufficient but basic amenities.Like better scholarships, better hostel facilities and messing.These are the aspects which is making our players biased about the ability of India as a sports super power in the world.
0 0 I want to start it with pointing towards China in 1996 China hosted Olympics and they succeeded in winning just 19 Gold medal and in  last Olympics with 56 Gold medals they were on top,that all became possible because their gov in 2000 ordered to make 2lakh sports academies all over China.Same step need to be taken in our own country.MOST IMPORTANTLY PLEASE REMOVE ALL THOSE PERSONS FROM POWER WHO DON'T DESERVE TO BE THEIR.MAKE SPORTS  BODY AUTONOMOUS.
0 0 Chess should be promoted. If V.Anand can, many more Indians can win chess titles too. Citizens should be encouraged to play chess to have a sharp mind in spite of aging. Each state should have a chess portal that will host chess competition. Ordinary citizens should be allowed to take part in it. Competitions should be held and each participant should be allowed to earn points (even if they lose). Winners should get prizes and all participants should get performance-based certificates.
0 0 Sir, Of course India has has a great potential for sports but its lacking only because if a middle class family child is playing sports and not in the creamy layer(I.e top level) his future is in complete jeopardize .so what v should do is give scholarships and reservation in all top colleges,schools for sports pperson& talent should b found at young age hence sports events should be conducted from 10 years AGe and proper guidance should be given(financial support too)&CORRUPTION shud b avoided
0 0 To Make India a Sports superpower it is Important that all the sports body including BCCI should come under RTI act & no Former or Current MP or MLA,Person with Political background should be part of the sports body.By Law only former players of respective sports should be allowed to contest elections..for different posts within the sports body or Organization. Can Modi ji & NDA govt. do this..?? Only time has the answer......
0 0 To, make india a superpower in sport first thing we, have to do is give proper nutrition, to every person so that they become physically fit first because in our country people have talent but they are not able to play or give their best in that , as they are capable of , and u hv to stop the marketing of such things which are not good for health of our youth
0 0 Recently there were pictures of Indian women's Kabbadi team waiting outside a railway station to catch auto with their winning trophy in hand. We must show the gratitude and encouragement for the winning team in the form of,if not gorgeous,a decent welcome at airport and providing them a comfortable stay. Very recently,an Indian Carrier refused to carry our shooters from Thailand with their licensed weapons.They had all their papers in place.A clear directive from the top will set the things.
0 0 More than 100 crore peaple every olympic games India hardly getting 1 gold medal some times 0 goldmedals.small countries like Uganda they are far better than us why like this I request PM Narendra Mody state Make state Olympic presidents honest and former best sports persons in the country don't give it to the politicians (90% currepted now a days) it open secret why sport ministers are not taking proper action on this issue.This is only solution to improve India performance.
0 0 4T’s are required to make INDIA a sporting super power •Temperament :- Creating a atmosphere wherein sports is encouraged in the society. •Talent :- Are we good at recognizing our talent and selecting it?? •Technology :- There needs to be a scientific approach to sports. •Technique :-	Skill level of players needs to be focused with the help of world class coaching, basics need to be refurbished so that a strong foundation can be laid for future development. I have presentation
0 0 India's rural young boys and girls love to spend their valuable time in watching sports of their interest like cricket, football and tennis and other spend their time onfield with their parents (to say farmers).  These young boys and girls do not have any interest in studies but they love sports.  So, just like education bill, govt. should bring sports bill too to enable setting up of sports schools in rural areas where uneducated young boys and girls can showcase their sports skills.
1 0 Its all a matter of skillful administration. athletics is the base for all sports, if the administration of Indian atheletic association is given to the BCCI on a contract basis for particular years, there is very high probability of success with less economic burden to the government.
2 0 Specific Sports Schools should be opened where teaching, training and coaching of particular game can be imparted. And based on their sports capabilities / performance they can be promoted and placement can be done to secure their career.
0 0 1) Twice in a week all the students and teachers should have 1 to 2 Kms brisk walk/jogging in the morning when the school,college or institutes starts. Which can be gradually increased for those who becomes capable of taking up higher load. 2) Bureaucrats should have a sports/physical education background. For this Physical education and sports should be included as optional subject in mains of IAS or other state Administrative Services Test.
2 0 There should be a job or career security for all the sportsperson who opt to pursue their career in the field of sports/physical education.
0 0 1) Physical Education/Sports should be compulsory for two hours in school, college and university. It should be a part of their time table. 2) All the physical education teachers should have a specific  sports/activity schedule class wise in written format 3) All the coaches and trainers at different sports academies, at districts and national level should maintain specific training schedule, attendance and performance record in form or written document. 4) Test should be taken after21days.
0 0 India failed to retain a girl with talent in sport but US giving scholarship for same
0 0 there should be a mandatory sports in education system. like we have an additional subject like Computer science, fine arts etc. there should be an option to choose a sport whose performance will be taken as marks. this should apply to every school and no additional fee should be paid for this. it should be started at a tender age so that the students are not attracted by only glamarous sport like cricket. at young age they play what they like and will do great with assistance from coaches.
1 0 Sir, We are the Second largest in the population in the World, First is China, But what happens when we count us (INDIA) in Olympic's where we stand. Olympic's mein jis khel ki value nahi hai usse toh regularly khelte hai ., Cricket aur jo hai unko bhi toh regularly khelna chahiye. If our country play more than 20 Sports with more than 100 Players Olympic's qualified other than cricket than Champion banane ke chances jaaza hai & we can stand in Top Ten List of Olympic's. Thanking you.
0 0 Few suggestions 1. PM should do Mann ki baat and encourage students to  participate in sports 2. Media has also a vital role in promoting other sports like its has promoted cricket in last few decade. 3. Please let Indian sports person to use all the sport complex which was made during Commonwealth games like China do. 4. There should be clause that all school should have sport facility especially govt school. 5. Require Additional sports complex in every state and school.
1 0 All educational institutions should be equipped with sports and games facilities. Entire evening classes should be allotted only for Sports and Games, creativity and craft classes in all private and government Schools and Educational Institutions.
0 0 Few suggestions: - 1. We need to include technology into training. It's all science be it hockey or marathon. 2. Improvement in infrastructure from school level. 3. Conducive and encouraging atmosphere since childhood to adopt sports as a 'Profession'. 4. All sports should be given similar incentives. Cricket has over-shadowed our national sport, 'hockey' since ages. 5. Sports ministry needs to be visible working.
0 0 We have to Make Sports a Priority in the Country from the childhood. Sports is neglected throughout the country. Until a unless You make it a culture U can't achieve anything in Sports. All the sports apart from Cricket needs some special privilege. Physical Education should be given a priority in Schools and colleges, but not in paper. can make cluster of schools or college to avail good sports facility in a area, if don't have standard facility (which is realy absent).Identify Games
0 0 Organise More Inter School Sports competitions where both Govt & Private schools can participate. The Competition has to include all the leading sports and the participating schools have to introduce a participant in each category. This will promote schools to include all leading sports in schools apart from Cricket & Football. An awareness programme on how other sports apart from cricket and football are popular abroad cab also be undertaken.
0 0 Involve sports personalities in all the governing bodies of the sports, as the politicians are involved more in promoting themselves rather than sports, as they are more interested in chair.
0 0 Promote sports as like other subjects in schools and colleges. Make compulsory exam of physical sports in board exams Open national sports university just like iit and I I'm Provide equipments through panchayat Open sports centre just like building toilets in villages and towns Promote other sports through advertising and sponsorship , by acknowledgin
0 0 manniya pm ji ..sania mirza pure dunia me bharat ka danka baja rahi h parantu arkari sports channel ddsports par unki koi bhi tournament nahi dikhayi jati...unhone atnatya pratikul paristhiti pe yash sampadan kia kiya h isliye mjhe vishwas h ki agar ddsports par unki matches dikhai jaaye to ye bharat m tennis ko bulandiyo tak le jayaga
0 0 In addition sports themselves are evolving and their is flood of new generatin of "equipment intensive" sports that are appearing each year. Many of these "next generation" sports are likely to enter into the major events like olympics. Already a campaign is on the way to incorporate BMX and wing suite jumping to be added into the Olympics, World Cups etc. While sports such as wrestling, boxing and shooting is fast being branded as primitive and despicable. Government+Industry action is needed.
0 0 In all discussions one thing has been undermined is the enhancement of physical strength in sports where it matters. Indian physical make up is slightly different than others mostly because we have evoloved little different than others. That gives us advanage in some areas but not in others. This is why we are great in team sports and not individual events. An effort is required in sports medicine to bridge the gap between our sports-persons' physical capacity to the other countries.
0 0 i think government should encourage and support sports other than cricket!.recently our ice hockey team were begging for the funds.and when our kabaddi team came to india after winning world cup,no one was there to welcome them.they had to go to their homes in auto.each and every sport is important.not only cricket :)..! plz it is my humble request to the govt.to please support other games.
2 0 This is an area which has always been there but heavily neglected by Govt, compromised by players and all concerned. The scenario is entirely different and more professional in countries like USA, Russia or China where an athlete doesn't need to worry about their education due to proper sports policy and the results is reflected in their overall sporting success in all events. It is high time that a clear sports policy be implemented before the next Olympic games.
1 0 When a player compromises with his/her sporting ambition for the sake of educational system and goes for some average degree and ends up as an average athlete/player.Then this sort of human compromise with their talents is a huge loss for the nation.
1 0 In our education system a player has to worry about attendance in his/her academic institution and about exam dates clashing with important sporting events. Unless a player has become famous his/her talent is not recognised and discouragement happens in each and every moment from teachers / officials for pursuing sports.Due to such mental pressure what happens in most of the cases is that the sportsperson either quits sports or compromises with his sporting ambition to complete degree.
0 0 I believe for the young and promising sports persons there should be entirely different set up and facilities in School, college and Universities. The present education system doesn't allow a talented young sportsperson to focus fully on his/her respective sporting discipline. A sportsperson needs to spend a lot of time on training and tournaments and hence it is difficult for a promising and talented player to strike a balance between sports and academic career.
0 0 First come out of the veil of deceptivity. Be honest and have the courage to declare whose interest protection is TRAI's purpose of existence. Address the basics: 1. One India - one SIM Card - One tariff (why roaming / why multiple tariff /why no number portability all across the country???) - encourage competition only on the quality and reach of services. 2. One India - one internet tariff for connectivity - one speed - why multiplicity / why so much discussion???
0 0 sir aap hr city me sports academy jahan free training mile khulwa dijiye kyunki jyadatar log fees ki wajah se training le hi nhi pate aur har 3 maheene me tournaments karaiya phir bharat har khel me top pr hoga.
0 0 the 1st thing that we should focus on is to implement a corrupt free selection committee,in various level from district to national then international.the committee will inspect all the the levels of present selection committee and form a report on their selection process and if proved guilty,a new committee will be set up by them at that level.I think if this little thing can be done then we can make india a sports super power.I hope my suggestion can produce some change
0 0 In India we have lot of talent available in various sports, but the problem is these people don't get the right platform. If we go to any sports academy there are very high fees for registering for any sport. There must be some government aided sports centers in all major cities and these should be advertised, so that people know about it. Proper training should be available for the talented folks so that they can excel in that sport/skill.
0 0 In order to to make Indian sports as a superpower,  need to disqualify the political leaders involvement in the sports related associations and Issues, With out political background/ support no player will emerging as a national star.. In india every street have a talent sports mans/womans but becoz of political people involved in sports council hinders their growth. "Give the minimum support, they will bring glory to the mother land"
0 0 IPL is the full of gambling. Our government should take tight actions against it from spending this kind of huge amount just after the gambling players. Our youth is also spending the power, money, energy & time behind them. Hope for your positive reply.
0 0 I'm Digvijay Modha from Gujarat. Today I want to say in the matter of sports. Sports are good for us & our physique but, When it becomes fixed and full of fixing then its not good for us. IPL is about to start. Our players have been selling at very high rate. UV is the most expensive player in IPL. He sold in RS 16,00,00,000 from Delhi. This time we've spent RS 87,60,00,000 in IPL. These are very massive amount that can be used in development & crobono publico. Take some strong action. Jay Hind.
0 0 http://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com/state/punjab-and-haryana/other-citi... if it will happen nothing can be done
0 0 Can we make schools and colleges to have mandatory sport facilities and sports events and sports hour per day as regular classes so that every student or child gets an overall development cuz Sports is a great tutor of many skills that are needed in life. My opinion will be to force mejure sports into all primary, secondary and higher education.
0 0 Main thing in India Private institutions are all about study and no sports i see lots of schools and colleges who have affilation from CBSE and AICTE but dont even have a ground and sports facilities for students and In Government Primary school its worse they dont even promote sports so how can we become sports super power. Another thing I noticed government children dont even get space like ground to play they play in streets. How will he/she get an opportunity. #wakeupsystem
2 0 IF ANY CORRUPTION CAN FOUND BY GOVT WHY THE GOVT NOT TAKING ANY SERIOUS ACTION AGAINST THEM.... THE PERSONS SHOULD BE FEAR TO DO THE CORRUPTION,THE PUNISHMENT SHALL BE LIKE THAT TO AVOID THIS IN GAMES,SPORTS AND ANY DEPARTMENT..?GOVT HAS POWERS,.THEY CAN HAVE A CHANCE TO CHANGE THE ENTIRE SYSTEM...SOME PEOPLE MAY AGREE, OTHER'S NOT...IF A BEST IDEA IS USEFUL TO COUNTRY THEN PROVIDE AWARENESS  THEN IMPLEMENT..IF ANY ONE HAVE BETTER IDEA, TAKE INTO CONSIDER..THEN PUT THEM IN PARLIAMENT ..
0 0 to develop the sports in country , every  state shall have a sport university & district sport college.Each college  shall have world class stadium with full equipments& all departments like badminton,swimming,running,tennis,shooting..ONE THING THERE SHOULD BE TRANSPARENT IN THE SYSTEM..EVEN WE HAVE A WORLD CLASS STADIUM WITH FULL FACILITIES,IF there is CORRUPTION,NON ENCOURAGEMENT,..etc then  WHOLE SYSTEM IS WORST(USELESS) WE WON'T FIND ANY MEDAL WITH THAT TO AVOID THIS SYSTEM SHOULD BE CHANGE
0 0 Foot ball needs to be encouraged and funded from Taluk level upwards.Every taluk must have a dedicated foot ball ground supported by coaching staff, where students selected through competition from schools undergo free training and practice.Promotion of foot ball should be taken up as a national mission as all 200 countries play foot ball and India is lagging behind.
0 0 In my personal view, i would suggest to encourage the ex sportsman to become the senior members in the selection committee and cutting down the bureaucracy and partiality would encourage the young talents to shine in the international arena. In many Sports Ass., the Board of Directors and senior members no way related to the respective sport, then how can we bring out the talents. If government consider these facts and sort out this issue  at district & State level, would be beneficial.
0 0 2)establishment of district level sports complex with PPP model with international level facility . 3)removal of politicians from the head of sport's federation and barring them to participate by bring an ordinance/bill. Former player should only be allowed to such position in future.
0 0 India just can't became a superpower just by bidding or organizing mega sports event. What we are looking at is a requirement for a new and improved grass root level program by some immediate step taken into consideration 1)revamping SAI or instrumenting a new sports body incorporating every olympic sport such that they are mutually exclusive yet have a central control by the sport ministry through a DG level post.
1 0 14) Now its time that quality of DD sports should be improved. It should be available free in All over India. It should show all the sporting events happening in India and Abroad. It should make sure that even if a single Indian is playing in any world sporting event it should be broadcasted live to our ppl irrespective of any game be it athletics, tennis, shooting, archery, football, chess etc.
0 0 13) In the time of so much of competition, we should see that National records are getting broken every year in all the games.... still we are seeing that there are many national records which are still not broken even after a decade. This shows the level of our training, fitness and competition skills and how much sports is suffering from political interference.
0 0 11) Again, Sports ministry should be run by a professional minister, not by a pure politician. Either some sports expert or some ex-sportsmen. Make them accountable to give results in a fixed time frame. 12) Again its not all about getting gold at olympics. It's about improving infrastructure, improving competition level at state level and national level. Its about Asian games, Commonwealth games, Youth olympics, Paralympics etc
0 0 8) Sports should be free from quota, reservation. It is all about performance irrespective of caste, status and political connections. 9) In all those years for me Sports ministry looks like a irrelevant post which has no powers at all. Give move powers to sports ministry to look after overall status of all the sports related activity in India. 10) Don't neglect children, women and physically challenged ppl in decision making policies for sports, its not all about making money.
0 0 5) Improve the infrastructure for our stadiums, start from basics, encourage parents, children to take sports right from primary schools. Give extra credit points for performers in sports not quota. 6) Remove politicians from Sports, we have achieved nothing since independence in any sports except individual performances that too because they all were free from politicians. 7) Let each sports body run by the former sportsman of that game at-least for 2yrs.
0 0 2) Sportsmen in India are still treated like good for nothing except Cricket. Although we are/were world no. 1 at some point of time in Hockey, Badminton, Chess, Kabaddi etc. 3) There is no infrastructure available for physically challenged athletes, their conditions we have just seen some days back at national meet in U.P 3) All the sports body of our country are controlled or i should say Ruled by the so called politicians ( few are for more than 20yrs at top post), remove this mess
0 0 Dear PMO, i heard the news just recently now that India would like to bid for 2024 olympics. Well if we get a chance to organize the biggest sporting event in the world we all would be honoured. But there are some basis issues we should take care before trying to show that we are as equal as China. 1) When olympics held in China, they were at top of medal list. We don't want to look like fool that we organised the olympics and didn't even get a single gold medal.
0 0 Our athletes should be sponsored by the govt to train abroad to improve their skills. China grooms its gymnasts from their childhood. Diet and nutrition experts should be hired to ensure their fitness at international levels.
0 0 Sir, I have following suggetions- 1.provide more opportunities for competitive sport at school level. instaed of annual sports day, there should be an annual calender with compition through out the year. 2. concentrate on local strength instead of making every state good in every sport. 3 Provide infrastructure
0 0 dear mananeya pm ji , would like to draw your kind attn icehocky team need sponsorship. please help them. thanks
0 0 . I suggest starting “Veer Bharat” campaign and enrolling each and every young boys & girls in it. These daughters & sons of India will get training in different sports of their choice and after attaining a definite time they can join any organisation and serve the country in better way.
0 0 Youths have tremendous energy in them which can transform this country into super power in every field. But most of the youth energy wasted in alcohol, drugs, street fighting, road accident and many social evils like cast and religion intolerances.  This energy can be tapped and used in sports by government by giving youths of this country a platform right from their childhood.
1 0 We Indians have a basic thought process of pushing our children to achieve success in Academics and sports like cricket with money and Glamour. Kendra Vidyala's and Navodaya Vidyala' are the only platform available to make career in various sports. If various sports association in India start training camps at school level in public as well as private organisation and groom athletes from the root. India would flourish as a Sports Super Power.
0 0 Sports facilities like gyms, swimming pools etc should be available easily and strict measures should be taken to make sure they are maintained so that they will be used and not just exist as a 'tick box check'. I believe with more exposure we can do better in varied sports.
3 0 India is a youth country and if all the youth of an India will given an ample of opportunities to exploits its potential in all spheres of life. then making India a sports super power come true. then making a India superpower come true.there should be a provision of giving scholarship and promotion in each and every districts and block of India for various sports and motivating that by opting this will a brighter for career option and other field of ones life also this in inculcated in school.
0 0 SPORTS-SCHOOL (with 100 students in each district) must be established where 3 hour study and 4 hour sporting activity should be done from very beginning (may be from the age of 8 year). Admission in these schools must be on the basis of sporting activity. Professional coaches must be there for different sports and proper selection of a kid for a particular sport must be done scientifically using physical parameters, personal liking etc. Those who are performing well should get Govt. aid.
0 0 Ya it most important thing that,we have capability,population but dont have successful performers.so for the improvement of sports,govt should take some steps.in this purpose govt should add sports as a subjects in schools.a special care have to be give on sports and should keep some marks for sports,by which every student will participate in sports.
1 0 If we're willing to conduct any sports event in India then we must conduct that event in north eastern state next time.It surely helpful to our PM's wish of opening sports university in that area.If we conduct Asian games type big events there then integrity between all our people's, tourism and transportation facilities improve in that part and also neighbour countries and world focus on that region.Same time China type irritation about Arunachal  also stopped.
0 0 Sportsman should be secured with job as soon as they represent state in any age category, this will not only shield them for future in case of any injuries, also will motivate others to take up sports seriously as a career and also feel proud in their representation. We have to ensure no sportsman is jobless. Also there should more sports academies setup across the country who has to adopt extremely talented ones during schools days and should train them in international standards.
0 0 where is the modern coaching ? where is the educated coaches ? every one knows in India (sporting arena) there are differances between Coaches and Sports Scientists. where is the process of meetigating this gap? 'Scientific coaching' a meath in India, so where is this scientists or educated coaches. there is nobody. So, start educating the Educators first. Identify & provide them best possible Modern Education in Coaching with facility. Start from 0 (Zero). forget SAI. Identify Games
1 0 The First Word is - 'Mind Setup' every where the Govt. Officials forget that they are teh Public servents. which is aginst the thoughts delivered in his first speech by the Hon'ble PM. Players Sports Persons needs to be honoured and respected, not after the achievements but from teh school leveles. We need do develop a Sporting culture in the Country. Not a culture which encourages to have some Yaggs / pujas for beating the oponents in competitions. 'Perfomance provide confidance'
0 0 Recently i read a news about sport competition for differently challenged person. No proper accommodation and facilities were provided to them as per News. No coverage on TV Channels. Second example I may quote a film on our nation proud, Mary Kom, in which behavior of staff/officer towards sports person is very bad. If it is true,it may be reason for not uplifting the sport in India. Cricket and some other sports have coverage and popularity.
1 0 India is gifted with diversified culture,physical abilities & culture.Government should identify the different states/areas suitable for a particular sports based on physical abilities & popularity.For example wrestling is popular in Haryana,girls taking boxing enthusiastically in Manipur.In tribal areas,young boys play hockey with bamboo sticks. Identification of core competency is important.To become a sports superpower need long term plan.Govt should start from village level to ignite fire.
0 0 intensive & supportive coaching is must.
0 0 Person like the aspirant cop who ran 10 km in 33mts should be automatically taken up by NSAIO and developed--this will send out a message that if you have talent you can develop and it is not necessary for recommendation to be there.PMO can do it directly and openly after checking facts
2 0 It should be mandatory to all the schools in India to have one hours as sports hour. And all schools must have sports and inter school and state level sports competition to promote sports in India. Now a days schools doesn't even have proper grounds to play. Such schools must be closed where there are no sports.
0 0 BCCI is earning good amount of money. Everyone is supporting cricket for India not for BCCI. BCCI can be brought under Sports minster and the amount can used to develop other sports.
0 0 even marry kom's parents would have thought that sports could not help her to live a good . so this thought has to be changed before any other thought. then, each school should also encourage children to participate in sport activities. players having good talent should be given chances to improve their skills to make india a sports superpower. third, most people usually like cricket because of which other sports like basketball, football, tennis etc.go into minority section are my 3 views.
0 0 india can be a sports superpower only if first the children are not forced to study instead of playing. people usually want their children to study as they think that studying is the only way to earn a good living. this thought has to be changed as possible to help injdia become a sports superpower. we can take the eg. of marry kom, if she would have not been dedicated to become a boxer than india would never have got such a player who brought several medals for the country.
0 0 India cricket team work cup khel to hai to sab tweet karte hai news arti hai 24 by 7 ,best of luck ....... hazar baar kam se kam.   hockey ,kabbadi , badmintont , tennis players are doing awesome and not a single news.
0 0 1. We should give more importance to Kashmir, Punjab, Delhi kids for sports as they have good heights. 2. We should now move forward with new techniques in teachings. In between Teachers should add presentations for kids to help them to know important of diet. How easily they can improve their health with available food. Like babana n lemon are very healthy and cheap fruits. 3. I would prefer to introduce some good and inspirational PT forms in schools like lezim in Maharashtra.
0 0 We can make one sport per child a mandatory concept in school. Currently, with so many schools being fully Air-conditioned, sports has taken a backseat.
0 0 We are stand with major population country so we have opportunity to find many sports person then we are starting find of sport person from ground level. (School, Colages etc.) and we have improve use high technology for make selection process fast and accurate.
0 0 India has 17.4% of world population,USA has 4.3% of the world population but USA has won 108 medals in 2012 Olympic and India has won just 4 medals.By seeing the population percentage India should have won 4 times more medals than USA but it didn't happen. The reason is a child who is good at sport who is poor will obviously not encouraged in sport due to his financial crisis(which India also has)so government should provide some kind of help for such kind & form a committee to search talent
0 0 since all the students are not as brilliant as other meritorious students in the schools or colleges but they are good at a particular sports so to promote their skill and interest such students should be given relaxation in passing marks on the basis  of their performance in that particular games  in board/university  exams
0 0 Badminton academy in Hyderabad which is generating champions like Saina Nehwal, PS Sindhu, should be a model. Instead of centralizing all sports in Delhi, we should identify one sport for each tier-1/tier-2 city (or every new smart city), and create a sporting center of excellence over there for that particular sport. This center should have world class venues, coaching facilities from beginner to advanced and host international events to generate local interest.
0 0 Introduce sports scholarships in all major Universities.
0 0 For kind attention of the PM, ministers/MPs. Kindly read my book "India's Unique Transformation Programme" presenting a magnificent,  advanced, comprehensive and progressive transformation programme for India with solutions, formulae, techniques, processes, strategy, etc. to move India in the top 10 of the UN Human Development Index. You should implement the transformation programme presented in the book.(http://www.gyanbooks.com/index.php?p=sr&Uc=9789351281221&l=0, publisher www.gyanbooks.com)
0 0 There should be a National Sports Academy in every state. It should be a large boarding facility for students of that state only and along side sports the academies should have a normal education curriculum with the bare minimum subjects like Language, Maths and an optional subject, so that students can have time to participate and train for sports, as well have the minimum educational qualifications. Also inter academy leagues should be started so that there is healthy competition.
0 0 I have been doing charity work in the education of hockey in India, for the last 6 years.there are plenty of students for whom sports and maybe learning a tradesmen skill is the only option.  So there are potentially millions of potentially elite level athletes available in India.  What is really needed is to follow the European/US pattern of leagues and sports events, continuously during the school year.  This would include under 10, under 8, under 12, under 14, under -16 leagues.
0 0 Make it compulsory in all schools. It will keep India fit as well as hit.
0 0 Bring in sportperson on the decision making ecosystem and the see the change.
1 0 Make Any Single Sport Compulsory in Educational Organisations Indoor/outdoor and voluntairly for Group Sport
1 0 i feel government should make one smart city of sports wherein world class sports facility should available and we can have many sports events at that venue . We can make thousand of good sportsperson from that smart sport city
0 0 govt should make some efforts to carry sports in small villages.provide sports training to talented school children in rural area.govt should organise sports competition for search of sports talent in everywhere.We can say Sports talent Hunt Programme which should be twice in a year and it should be organise on national lavel .after getting talented student then provide training to those student.Because there is lots of sports talent in villages but there is no proper training & no recognition
0 0 SIR, I hear that Indian cricket team will be playing pakistan this year end. I am not happy with this decision unless Pakistan stop cross border terrorism. Our soldiers , policemen, & innocent civilians have lost lives becacuse of cross border terrorissm. I want to know how many lives are lost last one year  due to above reason & what pakistan has done to prevent it. Human lives are more important than playing cricket. we should resume cricket after a full free year firing inactivity.
1 0 The First Step Could be the Making of 'One Sport as a subject' that the student can take as an alternative to any other subject from class VIII onwards.
0 0 All the schools must encourage the students to participate in the sports. Because of the lack of economic support from the central and state government most of them have ended their sports Carrier. Officials belongs to sport must be a sports person, then only  they are able to understand the problems of a sports person. While selecting an athletes ee should not see his caste or economic background. Then only INDIA will harvest more medals and achievement in sports.
1 0 To Honourable PM: Slogan: Play India to Make Health India
0 0 make mobile app "Bhaag Milkha". This app will get installed in mobile phone and when user is ready and starts this app - it will announce "ON YOUR MARKS> GET SET GO" and user can then run and when user completes 100 mtrs app will then announce users time. this app will collect times of all users running around india and create a leaderboard of persons with the best times across India
0 0 Have the goal to construct to one international stadium at each district HQ. Encourage students from villages to take up sports with less focus on academics. Even with 10th pass has hit many centuries for the country and made huge wealth...so lets support poor people from villages to take up sports and groom them in the field. As part of CSR activities corporates should make 25% of 2% of there profit to sports. This will change the life of an individual and GDP will grow by 1% min
0 0 We should aim for min 100 medals in the coming Olympics. We have to work backwards for this to achieve. 1. Improve facilities/coach/selection process/athletes for the games which we are sure of getting medals - Boxing/wrestling/archery/shooting/disc etc. 2. Get international trainers for GYMNASTICS/SWIMMING/CYCLING/ATHLETICS ETC. Provide state of the art facilities for athletes and better/quality food, rigorous training, and above all support these games from School level.
0 0 example. If we want to make a good cricket team. All participants from district level should face bowling of 50 balls, catching of 50 balls, fielding of 50 balls, similarly bowlers should be able to get out maximum people in limited overs. The most successful bowlers should go to state level and then central level. These children under age of 15 should be admitted in a cricket Academy with a possibility of entering the Indian team or they will be given a job in a govt. or private organizations.
0 0 India can truly be a sports super power provided a wholesome changes are brought forward involving all stakeholders. A comprehensive sports policy need to be finalised but policy document should be prepared involving all stakeholders. Isolated attempts and plans won't take India anywhere close to top. At present there is lot of focus at the top in the area of high performance with a short term approach but without focus at grassroots level attracting mass participation nothing going to change.
0 0 we need to have sports school specially for children intrestd in sports so from childhood they can be trained n transformed into a finest player. This sports school can be designed in way that it has hugr playing grounds, well equipped with playing equipments,  good trainers. In this kind of school studying should be given second preference with sports on top priority. Such sports school in every state of India can help the children allover to get a chance to play for India.
0 0 Sport is an ability of individual, like Education Sport too is an integral part part of everyone's life. We have our basic system of education which fully depends on Academics, which doesn't even consider Sport as basic need. Sportsmanship could be developed by formulating plans to identify the hidden talents of individuals right from childhood. Do we have 1 Saina, 1 Abhinav, 1 Mary, 1 Sushil, 1 Vijay to get medal among 121 million? Certainly not. Its time to restructure Educational System.
1 0 Our curriculum in school is only academic oriented. Make it compulsory to learn one Olympic item or one game of their choice in up to middle school.
0 0 In cities there are no place for childern to play, forget about doing any formal sports activity like football, hockey which require big ground.  I would request govt should take over any empty plots that are held by owner and just waiting for appriciation of price. And use them for creating Play grounds.
0 0 It must be compulsory for school n college to have play grounds. The students who have real interest and those who play really awesome must trained for excellence. Those college and schools who should dont have ground must not be given permission for its working. The players from the ruler areas must given special attention, as they can pull their power to the end. They help to earn more n more medals for country.
0 0 First of all sports shold be compulsary in school and colleges.The winner of each school (In any sports) should get a special training till he/she became a master.Each city should have sports center.From schools if chidren want 2 achieve something they send their children to sport center.It is the responsibility of sports center to take care of sportsperson (their needs,facility and all others things).those who send maximum number of sports person will get awards.so i feel this ll help
0 0 India can't become a superpower unless and until we are only concentrating on Cricket alone. India is playing cricket world cup & respected PM motivates each & every player separately while India trying to qualify for much more competitive and tough sport i.e FIFA 2018 qualifiers goes unnoticed. So this attitude has to be changed. Moreover all sporting Federations (cricket need not apply) should be headed by veterans in that sport as honourable leaders can indulge them in some other things
0 0 We are stand with major population country so we have opportunity to find many sports person then we are starting find of sport person from ground level. (School, Colages ect.) and we have improve use high technology for make selection process fast and accurate.
0 0 a sports minister should really be a sports man or have panel consisting of sports personnel from all journals ,  so they will know what to do
0 0 A full fledged  sports academy should be opened in all states ,all districts consisting of all sports or just at least in all states and 3 districts splitting into north south and middle with newer equipments and  trainers, creating  a job opportunity,and empowering sports in india and also grass root level training should also be done.
0 0 Dear Sir, As i belong from Bihar the past condotion of sports is very bad just like Bihar young talented sports student looking no future in sports.Sir,Association of Bihar Cricket future is in dark.Pls appoint qulaity people & provide membership to ABC.The infrastructure of sports in Bihar is in very bad condition.corruption has spread all over the Bihar in every department.If u have political & money power then talent is not matter of concern. pls look into the above stated line .
0 0 Dear Sir,If we want to make india a sports superpower then we have to make it comulsary from the primary level of school through out the India & mostly in the village side.We have to hire a sports teacher for that.Another major factor is infrastructure.We have to provide them all the facilities realted that like good ground,quality sports equipment & qulaity teacher.Last but not the least is corruption free sports.corruption is the root cause of all the problems.
1 0 Government should provide the facility for sports in grass root level. Government should mostly allowed to the sports in education of every school, colleges, university .............
0 0 Any game should be a subject at school level, Government should provide infrastructure and kits to the schools. Govts should keep eye on private schools to have play grounds.
1 0 other sport should be a part of our culture just like cricket.swami vivekanad ji promoted football & other sports more than prayers in india . what we need is to make sports a necessary subject rather than it being an optional subject .there should be regular inspection by centre in all central and state schools both public & private. approval of new schools should have strict criteria for sports rather than having only a ground and a sports room
0 0 Lack Of sports facilities in Jammu. no well planned stadium.The MA Stadium is just like a slum.No infrastructure,no bats,balls,footballs Less opportunity for the people of jk to become a sportsman
2 0 We feel very shameful when we see OUR PROUD Indian player when back to India...have to wait for Rikshaws...WITH MEDALS  CERTIFICATE ETC...can my gov cannot efford ..PM PLEASE DO SOMETHING ....
4 0 The image uploaded shows our world cup winners awaiting an auto lifting the world cup. This image really hurts and ministry of sports must be held accountable for the non arrangements. ..
3 1 remove political & business associated person away from sports association & handover it to sport professionals with private involvement on contract-performance basis
3 1 NAXALITES,TRIBALS ARE SHARP SHOOTERS,RUNNERS & ATHELITS..WE CAN BRING THEM IN MAIN STREAM.THEY JUST NEED PROPER TRAINING.
3 0 Due to political interface telented person never select always in india player selection question mark???? Cause always political interface it should we correct either free from politics. Than something vwould be good
1 0 First of those person have knowledge of sport either player of that game should we chair perosn of the department .but here system is those never play Cricket either never play hockey they are chairman why they don't have any type of knowledge why should the chairman of the sport??? Sports person should be chairman.
0 0 With a population of over 1 billion, there is enough talent available. Only question is the sincerity with which the talent is hunt.Most of the time, the budding talent is blocked under pressure to survive.Basic instinct of earning/supporting ones family takes over the ambition of doing something outside the box. Sports is one activity that is suppressed if even slightest of monetary issue is there in the family. IF Government can provide some kind of financial help, sports can be next big thing
0 0 ...pay special attention to N E region,the tribal states,the Maoists dominated areas of Hindi belt,Kashmir...groom talent...ensure a few sports persons that their future is guaranteed with a positive note but they must excel in Olympics....
0 0 Respected PM, I think to make India a sports power of the world you should help the youths from all over the India. There are some rural areas where the talent in the youngsters are huge but they lack economically who can't take further training to enhance their skills and therefore their talent is being restricted at the village level or mohalla level that's why the government should think about it and take further actions to bring those talents at international level. Thanks
2 0 Respected PMO & PM, its a brilliant step to make India a sport superpower. We should start a campaign Sports For ALL, which should include all Indians. Sports will make all of them a healthy person. And if a Cricket can produce so much money and employment then if we will improve in all sports and games then it will boom our economy too. & I have heard Sachin's speech at IIT Bombay last year. We should encourage people to Run and walking daily so that no of Daibatic patient may decrease. Thanks
0 0 Respected PM, Preventing the encroachment of land, providing grounds, spotting the talent at school level and focusing the child to adopt what he or she is good at, quarterly open sporting events and sponsorship, schools to have sports academy and sports only with basic education for talented sports children, monthly fitness camps to spot talents, year round selection and sporting events.  These are the suggestions for clinching olympic medals.
1 0 Respected PM, Outdoor sports can prevail only when there are grounds and stadiums. The grounds get easily encroached and approvals by govt is done instantly for other purposes on playgrounds. Living standards should raise now by putting public playgrounds at every 3 km after that is done next step would be to place facilities. Indians have never asked for facilities they just need grounds & u wud see leaps and bounds in medals. The person who has put effort with sweat only understand sports.
0 0 sabhi schools me sports games khilani chahiye aaj kal kai school me sports hai par khilate nahi aaj kal koi ma baap apne bacho ko sports me nahi bej raha sabhi chahte hai ki parahi kare
0 0 Like the school picnic, there should be sports picnic wherein the schools should be given free passes to take their students to see live matches like Indian Hockey League, Indian Kabbadi league and such other tournaments which are held in the national level stadium. For many sporting tournaments, there are no veiwers/audiences in the stadium. Visit to a sports stadium and enjoying live match of Volley ball or basketball or badminton is an experience in itself and encourge for  sports.
0 0 In smaller towns people think that there is no future in sports. So people should be made aware and facilities should be provided every where, which will lead to employment of people and also empowerment of sports in India.
1 0 Sports in India is just a part time school game. It is not taken seriously by parents and also by the teachers, according to them sport doesn't provide good career incentive. Almost 3/4th of the population do not see sports as a good career option, so I would firstly suggest that by making people aware that sports is the best OPPORTUNITY by starting CAMPAIGNS and creating AWARENESS of the BENEFITS of RECOGNITION is the best way to recognise talents and increase the superpower of sports in India.
0 0 Hi, I have an IDEA of connecting CRICKET with SHARE MARKET.... (Investment Pool for People of India)... Since this post can't accommodate every thing.. so please refer the following Link,, https://www.facebook.com/VRane4U/posts/1633170170252750 Regards, Vaibhav Rane... || JAI HIND ||
0 0 We should ensure the development of every single sports person in our country. We should teach the community that cricket is not the only sport which can give a better future and that every sport has its own plus points. Ensure all the schools in a place have strict guidelines that there should be a period for physical training and a teacher for that.The person who is good at any sport should be given proper training and encouragement to take his talent to the highest level possible
0 0 Making parents aware about benefits of sports in overall personality development and character building.Lack of career opportunities and support mars the upcoming talent.Weed out corruption in selection process.Promotion to national/international level based on merit only rather than by bribing officials/reference from politicians.Without economic security people may not opt for spending more time on sports.History of sports and achievements of Indians should be included in curriculam.
0 0 we have got lot of talent in our country.This talent mainly in rural India..focus on rural India to got sport super power..provide opportunity them for starting there carrear.
0 0 This grave issue must be addressed as the participation of children from a very young age is necessary to achieve this goal. School must encourage a child to do better in sports as one is encouraged to do well in academics.They must be provided with opportunities from playway.If some player fails once in a competition then he must be encouraged to do better rather than criticising him for his performance.Girls should even come forward to participate in sports and they must be supported by every1
0 0 In olympics, india is not producing any successful athlete in running.my sugesstion is like conducting sport campaings at district level for running.in AP (andhra) we have 13 dist. within one month we can filter the people in all districts, and then we can furher filter them by coducting training. finally from a 1state we can have 50-100 people. Currently dis process is not following in any of the states. if it is on every 3/6/12 months, within 5 yrs india can able to produce a star in running.
0 0 Every month a pan-india sport recruitment should be held in select cities initially ,and those talented sportspersons should be groomed...in such way the politics in sports will end and really the deserving one will  get a chance to play at national level.
1 0 Now India is shining in the World of Badminton, to generate more talents, Schools and colleges (including private) should be financial assistance like 0% loan for constructing badminton courts. Sports Ministry should conduct school & college level tournaments. All taxes for sports goods should with drawn IMMEDIATELY. Special preference should be given to schools in North East J&K & Eastern states. Only sports can bring Young youths of these states to mainstream in a short span of time.
0 0 Sports inject in blood in everyone during school time. Today's school is not more than shop to make money. It's very sad to see that in today's school no playground is available in 90% school. It is required to mandatory to have every school a playground of size 100mtr area. If everyone get the opportunity to play grom childhood, many sportperson evolved. Today's only rich family's afford the coaching and private sports classes and due to shortage of ground in schools many not shows his talent.
1 0 today majority of the sports have taken a backseat because of 2 things-focus on studies only in school & extra focus and money in cricket. In order to resolve this problem, we need to include sports as a mandatory subject in the school curriculum. We need to give students an option to select any of the sports (except cricket). Students who perform well should be given a chance to compete on district level which should be held regularly. The best performers can be trained on national level
0 0 Every person has hidden talent and unless opportunity is given or ignorance is made, the same cannot come out so my suggestion is that compulsory participation in one sports for every school and college going children should be made also inter school and college competitions should be doubled and sponsorship should be made 150% exempted
0 0 Making India a sports superpower..My views PDF ATTACHED(PLEASE VIEW) and help me to raise my voice. With around 1.3 billion people out of which almost 60% comes under the age bracket of 35 years. Still we win 10-15 medals in Olympics or other Games.It is actually shameful that we as a nation are unable to produce even sportspersons. What is wrong?Not enough fund is allocated to different associations. Politicians or their relatives head these associations. Not enough sponsors More in pdf
0 0 Physical training teachers should be awarded, if 10 students from a school can reach up to state level selection in sports and games. This will create an atmosphere in school.
0 0 There are some genes which are made for sports. These areas should be identified. e.g. Thallessery and Kottayam districts in Kerala(mainly girls,similarly coorg in Karnataka, Punjab and Haryana states, North east girls etc. Such select areas should be the place to recruit young talents for sports.
0 0 Every school should have competition for one or two sports, on monthly basis, for various age groups. Outstanding children should be short listed and trained. Parents should encourage. They will do so, only if there is a scope or a reserved job
0 0 Every town should have a competition for age group of 10-12 years for running, long jump, high jump etc. Children who are short listed and should be sent to higher level. Within an year, we should be to identify a minimum 5000 children across India. A national level meet for the up-coming should be conducted, to select 50 children. They should be given free education, training, hostel stay etc. They also should be assured of job depending on their performance, at the young age itself
0 0 Meritocracy and Commercialization. Only these 2 are necessary. Rest all is already there (talent, hardworking coach, interest, etc.) Meritocracy will ensure sportsperson emerge from every corner of country and not only from privileged families in metros. Commercialization will ensure talented sportsperson don't give up on sports fearing lack of money to support their families. If convinced, contact me for more details.
0 0 Access to adequate sports facilities in terms of ground and a trainer is the fore most requirement government should concentrate first. Later it should concentrate on the quality of facilities and the quality of trainers.
0 0 Sir I want to share my opinion. Cricket makes people weak. Its waste our time and money that's the reason developed countries not planning it. So we have to start playing football and follow swami ji. Swami says that a person will be near to heaven though football than through study of gita.
1 0 The interest of Indians should be created in every sports and games instead of cricket only. There should be no political interference in this field. More and more sports complex should be made.
0 0 SABHI GAMES KI DISTRICT LEVEL PE COMPITITON HO, JO STATE, NATIONAL LEVEL PE CHANCE DE SABHI BACHHO KO
0 0 Bring professionals of same sport event as Karta/Dharta without any political interference.Even with present infrastructure the results will improve.
0 0 Sir, For us to become sports super-power, we need to state of art infrastructure. I lived in Singapore for three years, this tiny island nation gives highest importance to sports. I was surprised to find state of art sporting stadiums in every GRC (locality). The government charges nominal fees for using the facility. Potential talent is identified at earliest stage and are funded by Govt. We need to have special reward scheme for Coaches who identify future stars.
0 0 To realize this dream we have to go beyond the realm of cricket (which is certainly not my religion). there should be ample amount of exposure, resources, opportunities made available for other sports as well. Awareness as well as interests in those sports have to be inculcated in the teeming millions so that none of the road is left less travelled. This would not only generate employment but will foster the Nation along with its citizens helping in establishing India's predominancy in sports.
0 0 We should promote sports other than just cricket. Football, kho-kho, badminton lead to better exercise and team building. There should be national and state level khel mahotsavs like it was done in Gujarat.
0 0 Hello Sir, IN my humble opinion, we should have sports education compulsory and we as young parents should inculcate the sports culture in youth. Most of the parents dont look at sports in India as a career for their wards which is to some extent bitter truth. Sports cultured nations are the happiest in this world .This needs to change, the hope of a sports career , future needs to start from school. The schools should be equipped with modern sports equipment.
0 0 Respected PM ji, Only one Question and suggestion from my view as I am feeling since last 3 years. Why well educated graduates are still in ameerpet and bangalore roads.? Why max of the technical graduate student is moving to BANKING side? Where is the QUALITY of education in  colleges? The only reason is providing "FREE EDUCATION TO ALL". Sir I am not antagonistic to GOV reforms. But please have strict constraints while providing "FREE EDUCATION" offer to the students.ESpecially in AP.
0 0 respect, appreciation, preparation, training and planning. In a country where are doctrine to be engineers, doctors, lawyers IAS. sportsmen comes last in order. engineers training start at 15. sportsmen training starts at 8 to 9. engineers career lasts till 60. sportsmen's finishes at 35. we need to plan sports as career. Career after active sports, like SSB in army. as coaches, facilitators, sports managers. etc. If a Kid and his parents see career and growth. The passion for sports lives.
0 0 Grass root sport bodies need to be created and nurtured. Private participation is necessary to ensure efficiency and cultivate popular interest in local sporting events. Only when grass root competitive sports are patronised, a culture of sports can be developed. Sporting federations need to be efficient tight ships, with cost of administration never exceeding the money spent on nurturing sportsmen (Which is not the case currently)
0 0 Whenever a new community center develops, we must allocate open space for outdoor sport and indoor sport. The outdoor field must be designed in such a manner that the outer cater for running and internal for football, hockey and cricket. The indoor area must have a library and courts for table tennis and other indoor sports. The lighting should be solar and drinking water and bath facility must be provided. Cleaning up the place after use must be mandatory.
0 0 Clean up all sports Associations. It is must. Now all of the filled with cronies and corrupt people who care little for the sports. Age, term limits, open number-ship for all citizens, yearly elections in online mode, CAG auditing all sporting Associations accounts are must. Also bring them under RTI. Selection in team sports shall be done a an individual and not a coach.
0 0 Government school grounds should be ready for utilisation ,grounds are not in a position to use,I searched for grounds for jogging but in rainy season water stagnates for 3months,in summer dry and cracked with holes then how do children will play a sport in that ground ,make ground maintainance a responsibility to nearby organisations and order to maintain it at least children will develop interest in games.
0 0 With combined efforts of public and govt., camps can be organised in the villages of our country to identify young people talented in sports. They can be handpicked and trained to perform better. Inter state, inter district competitions can be organised and moreover a public interest should be developed in India in sports besides cricket.
0 0 For kind attention of the PM and all the ministers/MPs. Kindly see the attached document about my book "India's Unique Transformation Programme" (publisher www.gyanbooks.com) which presents a magnificent,  advanced, comprehensive, and progressive transformation programme for India with solutions, formulae, techniques, processes, strategy, etc. to move India in the top 10 of the UN Human Development Index. The PM and all the ministers/MPs must read this book and should implement the programme.
0 0 I believe everyone needs to own the responsibility with some help from Govt. Some of the sports have become so expensive to pursue that only rich can afford. Good sporting infrastructure should be made available in the localities by enabling/developing/utilizing sports grounds available in near by school & colleges for public. This can made possible by calling sports enthusiast pvt. investments and efforts. I can share more on developing talent at ground level & affordable to everyone.
0 0 All sports bodies must be headed and manned by those who have played that sport in national and international levels.  There must be a fixed term and also number of terms one can occupy a post should also be limited.
0 0 The schools should be equipped with facilities for atleast two-three sports. School students who participate in state ,national and international competitions should be provided 5% extra marks in school exams in order to encourage them to continue with sports. As most students are forced to leave sports in order to pursue studies. Encourage corporates to setup sporting centers of excellence where the budding sportspersons can come and train while continuing the studies.
0 0 india is only a cricket playing nation wherein our national game is getting worst day by day.. sport minister should motivate other sports like kabaddi volleyball chess etc. as we have infrastructure for cricket we should have the same for other sports also. today 70-60% youngster want to become a cricketer which is a concern just because it has money popularity attach to it.
0 0 sports is like a relegion in india, and its played with the spirit. so our govt needs to pay more and more attention towards the better sports facility on the ground level like villages, govt sports club and on the block level with all the latest technology to encourage the bright sports star of india.
0 0 Ensure more money is spent by Creating a Private-Public Partnership Board for every Sport. The public(government) should provide tax concessions for the same to these companies.These companies can also leverage advertising benefits of through their respective sports. Once this is done , the board can hire foreign coaches and send talented players to foreign countries for more experience. Identification of talents to be done through region specific camps collaborating thru' academic institutions.
0 0 This years allocated budget for education should only spend on improving the existing infrastructure rather then creating new Infrastructure i.e improving all govt,Navoday school,sanik schools and kendriya schools sports facility by proper up keeping of hostels and on old school building regaining  so that old schools can be become good and also recruiting good quality teachers.Now days Now days school teachers are exploiting and harassing girls child in remote area and small towns and villages
0 0 Please open SAI sports complex in tribal belt of Gujarat, MP and Rajsthan, chatisgarh to encourage tribal's those are having inherently sports power and skill in archery,shooting, football and kabddi and other games .Tese SAi needs to be run very effectively and efficiently by the ex sports man who have achived some thing for the country rather than coorupt sports offciers in SAI this initiative can bring revolution in Indian sports
0 0 very simpl!.existing infrastucture, SAI in every State & SAI in every Districts only one SAI you need more that is Block level SAI. so this Block level SAI will search for a talent in villages and if they find any they will send him/her to district SAI.if he or she performs District SAI will sent him/her to State level SAI likewise lots of talents will come out even from remotest of the villages.or you can even involved SAI in Panchayat level also.then no one will be able to stop india from spor
1 0 " Please organize a "brain storming session " of two days in Delhi by calling all successful and renowned athletes of our country. They will tell you what you should do exactly. They would have undergone many strides to achieve what they are in life. Similarly conduct such sessions in all states with upcoming athletes.
1 0 Sir recently national games concluded in Kerala.But this event recieved zero attention from the media.If we want to make India a sports superpower we need to first ensure that evenys lime national games truly become national event.Like during elections tv media flashes the number of seats won by different parties why can't they flash the number of medals won by different states.Such healthy competition should be held between states before every olympics and it should become a national event.
1 0 Recently the National Games concluded in Kerala and I am very proud to say that it ended successfully. But here I would like to suggest that we are in need of putting a new category for the Third Gender too. As they are  also with talent in many fields we need to encourage them by creating a category for them too with men and women. That is the best way of bringing them to the main stream of sports and slowly in other fields. It's the need of the hour for human rights protection.
1 0 Look for & develop top sportspersons in fields like track & field, archery rowing cycling etc fro amongst out hardy Adivasi & Tribal populations. For them excelling in sports would be possible & life changing. Let Govt have a National program for States to fund & implement.
0 0 1   Central Urban Devlop. Ministry mst put out rules for playgrounds open spaces & sports facilities for all  metros cities towns etc which should be area/person. 2.  All Govts shd put out a transparent & accountable sports financing policy for spaces facilities training & development based on achievement levels of the sporting activity. 3.    All Sport Administration in Govt & sports bodies shd be run only by ex-sportspersons coaches with properweb-based accountability for results & probity.
1 0 why  the  Indian  private  schools  are  not  allowing  NCC/  NSS--  govt. must be  pass  law to  implement   NCC/ NSS  in private  schools,  we are very  poor  in  sports  because  here  No law&  regulation
0 0 SKATING is the game sports authority of India should also support there are many children and coaches working so hard in it. they should be given due acknowledgement
0 0 Each state should have a sports school promotin and teaching games other than cricket right from K.G.
0 0 Schools must promote sports other than CRICKET..b'coz svhool is the foundation of a perso.n
2 0 In order to make india a sports super power, we need to change our education policy and encourage our children's to choose their main subject as per their area of interest. This will help us to develop more Sachin Tendulkar's and more Sania Mirza's for india
0 0 1) Promotions of district, state and national sports compititions should be increased. 2) Channels should doordarshan should show more sports instead of giving more emphasis on cricket for trp
0 0 provide sports facility to all students studying in colleges or schools.they can choose there field of interest according to this..i hope this idea will work 100%. just need to be sports compulsory in every institutions.
0 0 All sports should be league base and according to performance sports persons should be selected because due to negligence of authorities best player unable to entry in international sports.
0 0 Sports nutrition goods can be promoted under Make in India campaign, Schools must promote sports by devoting every student to atleast one sports physical or mental for every students mandatorily. We must also promote inter school championships with government funding, Provide better equipments for zonal to national players and income gurantee through sports promotion and training certification for all zonal and national players. Make sports degree awarding subject so that trainers/teachers grow.
1 0 India is a poor country which may not afford to develop playground and coach  to each school hence common playground and coaches can be arrange in sport complex at town level.
0 0 I could know that leaves vegetable improve stamina  and our sportsmen and women mostly loose due to poor stamina and therefore Indian players need a good dietist  and nutrition who could be appointed  at district level and who covers all primary ,middle level schools parent/ SMC ( SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE) of his/her district round the year.
0 0 Compulsary activity in schools and playground with coaches in every locality . This will increase job and sports
0 1 many schools do not have playgrounds.though many private school charge hefty fees but don't have a field for children to play.it should be made mandatory for all schools government or private to have playground.private school's fee should be regularised on that basis also.government should pay attention not only metro cities but also on small cities in this regard.
0 0 I think an analysis said that it costs about 2m US dollars in training costs and infrastructure to get a gold medal. Can the govt of India , identify sports, sportsmen and budget this ? Rest will follow
0 0 N CHATTISGARH THERE IS NO LAB FOR TESTING SWINE FLU H1NI VIRUS AND NO KITS , NO MEDICINES , NO TAMMY FLU TABLETS, PATIENTS WILL DIE DUE TO LACK OF RESOURCES. WAKE UP CALL FOR CENTRAL GOV. HEALTH MINISTRY AND C.G GOVT. HEALTH MINISTRY.
1 0 Start sports training in schools. Each area should have sport competition, and those having scored in such area competition should be selected for District, State and National. There has to be competition at Municipal/ Village level sports competition.
1 0 India is lacking in Sporting facilities from the basic levels. All concentration is in Cricket and the players are payed huge. The sports authorities in all states has become a normal government money making office. What ever money spent via Sports authorities is eaten up by officials.
1 0 The government should have a separate sports website each and every sport player should register on this site with his details and the sport he is playing ,players should get heath advice diet plan  details of the sports and he should be guided by the experts ...this will help the sport players those who are not able to have coaching.
0 0 Sports facilities should be provided in each zone and schools and people should be informed about the same
1 0 Ka-Nut-Chang an endangered Indian martial arts used by the Ahoms in Assam should be revived. Well, it is better to introduce it outside India too.
0 0 Start preparing now for Rio 2016 for Indian Food availability in Rio as our Sportsperson needed to feel at home. Nothing bigger than Family Members support while at Games, Psychological Coaches and more Family Members. Scrap all non performing sports associations, bring performing associations under direct supervision of Sports Ministry. Spot talent early, groom them, take care of their Jobs. Nothing more important than National Anthem playing for our sportsperson.
1 0 Indian were historically good in horse-riding, archery, swords,etc
1 0 then improve the ideas of all people and also of school management.
0 0 I used to play tennis. I was my school captain. I am still a school going child, but when I changed my school, there wer e no good coaches or tennis court, so I couldn't continue. Provide good coaches n coarts not only in school but also in academies
0 0 provide sports facilities in schools
0 0 Mr. PM Sir.It's good to see that the government is serious towards this goal.It's very important to pick up the athletically talented bunch across the country in various sports at an early age and provide them with adequate training so that they can bring laurels to our country. In order to excel in sports one needs to compete hard. The government should look at organizing more sport tournaments for school children at District, state and national level for picking up talent. It will really help
1 0 To make india a sports superpower firstly open a sports institute of national importance...where a student should trained after 12 th...in respective sport in which he or she is better...there should be all facility of every sport available...and encourage the sports meet between schools...in villages and rural areas..because villages are home of most talented boy n girls in sport...
0 0 To Highlight the importance of physical fitness in everybody's life,Sports should be made compulsory for all students.The student could choose his/her sports based on his/her liking & aptitude, it could be one of the indoor sports or outdoor sports.In Time-table for every class there should be 2-Hour Daily Slot for Games.To promote Health Awareness & Sports Culture,in school there should be 1/2 an hour slot for teachers as well. All Schools should Go for Pooling of Grounds & sporting facilities.
1 0 A special newspaper for School Sports can be launched, wherein recognition given to kids and articles of our Athletes in all fields of sports , Also sponsorship from corporates in forming local clubs and local sports ground, easy access , cost effective. Parents also can be given SOPS to encourage kids ,
0 0 Improved Facility at the places owned by the Government bodies example Sports Authority of India,encourage investments from corporates, special discounts to schools forming the Sports, compulsory coaching in one sport or other, plus local sports authority to keep addressing  schools to encourage students & last but not the least sports quota for college admissions,. It is often noticed kids happily participate in schools but slowly drop out due to no Sops and parent pressure to pursue education
1 0 "Soccer Queens of Rani" the documentary film of RSTV is a very good documentary film.This documentary film showcased the ability of village girls in football.These kind of documentary films should be featured frequently in other DD channels too.
3 0 Sirji, Few basic ideas for making India, A SPORTS SUPERPOWER, in a consolidated form, are uploaded herewith. In addition, every states, at least region to begin with, should have a SPORTS UNIVERSITY, where CHAMPIONS IN VIRTUALLY EVERY SPORTS CAN BE GROOMED FURTHER TO MAKE HIM/HER 'CHAMPION OF CHAMPIONS" - IT'S POSSIBLE - WE CAN DO IT - WE WILL - INDIA CAN - INDIA WILL - LET'S DO IT TO MAKE OUR NATION - A SPORTS SUPERPOWER IN THE WORLD BY 2025 - 2030 ! LET'S HOPE & DREAM SO!!
2 0 Sirji, Below given, 12 basic ideas to promote sports in our country towards making India, A SUPERPOWER IN SPORTS 1.	APPOINT TRAINED / PROFESSIONAL & EXPERT COACHES NOT JUST PT TEACHER IN SCHOOLS;- Most of our schools in our country have only a Physical Training (PT) teacher & one cannot expect him / her to be a master of all games (Indoor or Outdoor); All our schools therefore need expert coaches specialized in a particular I/D & O/D game, depending on the expertise needed.
2 0 2.	START COACHING RIGHT FROM SCHOOL LEVEL:- In case of difficulty in appointing the coaches on a permanent basis for all games, pooling / common coach for all the schools in a Taluk can be thought off, so that, at least once a week, he /she visits the school for coaching for a particular game of interest / depending on the interest& participation from the school. Other days, some other coach can be engaged.
2 0 3.	CATCH ‘EM YOUNG – THROUGH SWOT ANALYSIS;- WHAT INDIA LACKS IS NOT “LACK OF TALENT”, BUT “LACK OF APPLICATION OF TALENT”; WE HAVE LOTS OF DIAMONDS IN SPORTS, BUT ALL THESE DIAMONDS GLITTER ONLY WHEN THEY ARE POLISHED & to do so, WE NEED PROFESSIONAL COACHING ! Catch’em young should be the mantra & SPECIAL TALENTS SD BE IDENTIFIED IN THE BEGINNING FOR GROOMING, based on SWOT analysis.
1 0 4.	IDENTIFY THE SPECIAL TALENT / SPORTS AREA, IN WHICH CHILD CAN EXCEL …WE DO NOT WANT JACK OF ALL, MASTER OF NONE….WE NEED TO GROOM MASTER OF ONE OUTDOOR / INDOOR SPORTS:- Coaches should be able to identify the strength of interested students & guide them dep. on their potential, rather than asking them to get trained in all games – which is being the case in most of our schools, when students play cricket, football, basket ball, tennis & what not – this approach may not work
1 0 5.	MARKS FOR SPORTS TO ENCOURAGE WHOLESOME PARTICIPATION:- Every student in the school should be asked choose/give their interest in 2 to 3 Indoor / Outdoor Games / sports & depending on their interest/progress, they can further be trained in the area of strength/forte!  In order to make it success, rather than a ritual, it’s time, we introduce the system of marks for sports, at least on at trial basis first & then see later – how it works!
1 0 6.	RELAXATION  ADMISSION CRITERIA FOR STUDENTS WHO HAVE EXCELLED IN SPORTS FOR ADMISSION IN  PROFESSIONAL COLLEGES:- Many students, who’re capable of achieving much more in sports,  are afraid of devoting their time to sports due to the fear of losing out admission in better collages or area / subject of their choice – due to which, they r forced to forgo the sports midway – LET’S DO OUR BEST TO ENSURE SPECIAL TALENT DO NOT GO WASTED!
1 0 7.	AVAILABILITIES OF FACILITIES FOR SPORTS AT TALUK/DIST HQ LEVEL:- This is another area, which needs marked improvement – particularly to bring out the rural talent. Most of our sportsmen/women do not have access to proper coaching or training facilities in order to hone their skills. We need better outdoor as well indoor sports equipments/familiarities, at every Taluk/ Dist HQ center. Proper track & field court could help in making the practice more systematic.
1 0 8.	SUPPORT FROM GOVT/LOCAL ASSOCIATIONS/BUSINESS HOUSE SHOULD HELP TO PROMOTE SPORTS BY ADOPTING EVERY TALUK FOR SPORTS DEVELOPMENT:- In fact, Govt./Local Bodies/Business houses should help/sponsor these facilities, in order to develop Sports facilities in every town of our country.  At every district level, Sports Hostel must be maintained with clean toilets/clean rooms/well maintained Gym/ Hygienic Canteen etc.. for needy sportsmen/women, so that they benefit during sports camps.
1 0 9.	COMPETITION / SPORTS EVENT / ENCOURAGEMENT:- Unless there’s competition, one cannot aspire to bring the best out of anyone & to achieve the same, we need to arrange regular sports competitions / events in a well structured manner so that, best talents in taluk progresses to district level and from district level, further to state level, then national & international level etc.. Let there be a live telecast of all these events on TV Channels.
1 0 10.	LET’S ALSO HAVE  SANSAD ADARSH KHEL GRAM/NAGAR YOJANA : In the lines of Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, every MLA / MP  should allocate a portion of his/her fund to Sports development in his/her constituency along with other basic essential facilities such as clean toilets, clean drinking water, library etc.. not just in their constituency, but also in Play ground/sports hostel, as the case may be.
1 0 11.	SEND THE CHOSEN ONES / EXTRAORDINARY TALENTS ABROAD FOR SPECIAL TRAINING/EXPOSURE, IF NEED BE The best of best talents should also be sent abroad with sponsoring from Govt./ Sports /Authorities or interested business houses, to get further training & exposure to international events. Expert advice/coaching of former international Sport-stars from India or abroad can also be availed to bring out better results.
0 0 12.	ABOVE ALL, OTHER SPORTS ARE LOSING AT THE COST OF CRICKET:- It’s an undisputed fact that, ours is basically cricket loving nation, & we all love cricket & given the name, fame Coaches should be able to identify the strength of interested students & guide them dep. on their potential, rather than asking them to get trained in all games – which is being the case in most of our schools, when students play cricket, football, basket ball, tennis & what not – this approach may not work
1 0 i have to say here that there must be sport universities.So that quality of sports can be maintained. Senior sport persons can get job their as coach/professor.this university can conduct & co ordinate sports in its jurisdiction colleges.Guidance from well known  sports person (inside & out side country) are arranged to ramp up sporting spirit.
0 0 There should be separate school for sports in each district where only all types of plays are taught. Short coaching courses are arranged by this specially managed school so that all schools in that district can send their students  to learn sport thoroughly. the school can kept individual record data of each student for follow up action.
2 1 kindly identify the communities which traditionally have suitable environs for the youth to flourish in sports. Say in tamilnadu and other states the fishing communities have good potential to produce all sorts of sportsmen. Same applies to few other downtrodden communities. Opening and running of sports academies where the youth can train and the conduct of sports events would ensure a steady increase in the availability of sports personnel. public private partnership should be encouraged.
0 0 Compulsory sports for every kid, encourage kids to build their career in sports, world class training institutions and facilities to groom new talent. Get rid of old babus dearly holding their influence over sports activities and sports bodies. Govt. should also ensure that sportsmen can build live a decent life, it is shocking to see that love and affection is only for few select sports while other sportsmen are made to suffer. Local even like IPL, Kabaddi League, Hockey League etc
1 0 This has to start from home and right from nursery school, we must not discourage kids from taking-up sports as profession. At the same time School needs to not just educate kids for nutrition diet but educate parents as well. Ensuring income security in case of failure is important. We can see that many people have started organizing sports tournaments in cities like Delhi even if they have failed as sports person, this ensure their regular income. Same can be done in other part, villages too.
1 0 Create a environment, where Sportsperson think that it is his Career.Their must special  institutes for development of Sportsperson  knowledge.They must be aware about sports Technics which are followed in world and the last A GOOD COACH.
0 0 I am 25 and recently went to Sports authority of India, Kolkata to join a sports activity. I was discouraged and denied entry saying this is an age to retire instead to start learning. When I was young I was discouraged because no one was there to accompany me to distant center, and also because it was seen as recreational activity instead of professional. Even though I many not be able to represent India but if I was allowed I may have encouraged sport later in life in my family or locality.
0 0 the only way by which INDIA can be super power in sport's is non corrupt sport's board. and total transparency in all the procedure undergoing in the games and sport's policies. and most important is to provide good international standard sport's facilities.
1 0 Our current education system is faulty,its a mere memory test,which needs correction.We need to go back to the gurukul style of education wherein it would include practical application which would encourage innovation and overall skillset development. We need to have more subjects, like agriculture, mechanical engineering at school level,sports and studies should get equal importance.
2 0 school should have playground essentially. stadium should be constructed at every tehsil place. an academy should be opened at every division for the children good in sports.Ex sports person should be the trainer at these academies. sports quota should be increased in govt. jobs
1 0 Problem should be addressed by grass root level.Preferably after consultation with eminent sports persons. There should be adequate facilities for employed sports person to practice.[Working hours should be reduced with enough scope for practice] Based on selection trial athletes(below age of 12) should be selected and trained under expert coaches.Facilities like stadium,nutrient rich food,stipend,supportive administration(The sports bodies should be preferably under sportsperson space is les
2 0 Parents feels that their children are wasting their time in playing sports, as there is no future as per present condition in India. we need to change this mentality by providing a healthy environment to grow in sports too. there should be open competition in sports at city level than at state level. By open competion , talent will come and then govt should make necessary arrangement to provide basic facilities to potential players, it remove burden from parents and also make them feel proud.
0 0 Simple steps for football development in India 1) Revive football in the Indian Army. 2) Give direct entry to East, West, North, South and Central Command teams of the Army in national championship like Santosh Trophy. 3) Give direct entry to Air Force, Navy and All India Police Football tournament's champion team. By increasing participation of the Army teams new zeal for the game will generate. Army works with the grassroot talents & are more sincere than the state football assoictaions
1 0 The easiest step that the government can take is to involve more and more successful retired players in sports administration. The Badminton body is a live example of the potential that Indian sports has, provided we have good administration. Putting Gopichand incharge has insured many good  players and also increased the standards in all academies around the country.
0 0 Instill the fundamentals 1. Revisit the administrative layer in sports ministry 2. Instill the winning culture. 3. Instill the fighting culture. 4 Instill crossing ones own benchmark. 5. Instill the confidence to make a difference 6. performance based - celebrity lifestyle like ads, promos etc... otherwise no. 7. Reduce noises and distractions. 8. Have an excellent coach who can coach the team than knowing the game, 9. Recognise people on time 10. Deliver promises.
0 0 CAN WE MAKE INDIA THE SCIENCE AND RESEARCH CAPITAL OF THE WORLD... CAN WE START A NEW SCHEME ON THIS TOPIC...
0 0 WE HAVE LOT OF TALENT BUT ONLY EVERY FEW GET THE CHANCE TO SHOWCASE THEY TALENT FOR THIS PLEASE BRING ON OPEN PARTICIPATION JUDGES MUST NOT FAVOUR ANY1 BUT HERE IT IS EVERY COMMON NOT SENSE MUST BE REMOVED 1. MUST GET ONE COLLEGE OF EACH SPORT LIKE FOOTBALL SWIMMING IN THIS COLLEGES TRAINING MUST BE GIVEN ONLY FOR THAT SPORT EACH STATE MUST HAVE SPORTS UNIVERSITY FROM SCHOOL LEVEL WE MUST ENCOURAGE FOR SPORTS TILL NOW NO SCHOOL HAS SPORTS CLASSES BRING SPORTS CLASS
0 0 Give all the boards autonomy,develop sports acadamies on ppp basis to give better facilities.sports scolarships to young students
2 0 More over sports university too should be opened wid experiencd coaches and field,indoor court,swimming court etc so tat students cud train them self as well as can get some qualifictn too!further financial assistance should be given to those sports persn who cudnt play cz of their low financial structure of hme. All this will help dem to cncntrate on sports more den in cncntrating for job to support their families! All this will truely help india to be a superpower in sports!
2 0 Also, we had othr talents already existing in india but there is need to groom dem! For this in every school early grading of students should be done notifyng the students hvng good intrest in sport! Assistence shud b gvn to such student and are made to play sports instead of burdening them wid study.Exmpl if a student is graded tat he play gud footballthen after 5th his subjct wud b sports main, nd any 2 mr subjct of his good shud b added!thus easyng the burden of study n incrsng time 4 trainin
3 0 In my opinion india can be a sports superpower,only there is need for polishing and siteing the talents existing in india. And with sport I m saying other then cricket like atheletics and swimming! People say we don't have atheletes ,swimmers bt why don't peopl see the athelestes like the small girl boyz showing some atheletic performnc on road jst for earning or the children diving from heights into ganga yamuna ghat to cllct coins. Dey hv tlent nd m sure if gvn propr training,dey vil reach top
1 0 open more sports schools and university where basic education is given secondary to sports. dont give perks to selective players but prepare an army of sports persons and athletes.dont force a student to adopt sports but promote them who naturally have the talent of sports. dont make cricketers but make sportsperson in all the sports.
0 0 Make a unique platform under which all the sports and sport enthusiasts come under it where you give all sorts of physical and mental trainings to them so that they can improve there skill set. The platform may be creating a sports university and offering diplomas and degrees. Also make sure to provide some income source to them so they can stand on there own and contribute to the country. A common platform idea is already implemented in Australia and it works great and the country leads
2 0 Tax incentives are given to Industries but never to Sports. We need international level infrastructure for which imported sports equipment is required. Let us exempt Customs duty on all imported sports equipment. Will help private sector in creating sports infrastructure at lower costs. Will definitely lead to some revenue loss but Sports Ministry should take up this cause in the Budget
0 0 At ground level there is very less spirit for sports in India and this is because of less infrastructure available at village level. If proper infrastructure and good motivation is provided then youth of India empower themselves for the mission of Making India a sports super power.
0 0 there should be a special type of schools (less in number so that the best people can take admission)in which admission age is 12 to 15 and sports are practiced more nd more and academics is kept on just minimal. i.e. the time given on acedemics and sports be interchanged from the general school. afterall a student who is taking admission in this school wants his career in sports.admission criteria should be the passion and devotion and nt the skill he has, because he is a child afterall.
0 0 1. SPORT STIPEND- to those who are doing good in sports and have no other source of earning. 2. overnments part in sports coaching, 3. most of the universities just teach about sport and do not focus on let players play, by this way we are just making coaches not the players.
2 0 Every city should have a rule that there should be a play ground within every 1 km radius. These cities are so crowded with buildings that children have no place to play. How will they become sports-persons?
2 0 I hope if sport is promoted to common people ( not only for trained players) , then there would be more involvement in sports. Also this will spread consciousness to people for necessity of sports to maintain good health.
1 0 Every district in India to have a Super Sports Complex.. Digitally connected with Central Server.. All talents and regular sports results to be compared centrally..
0 0 Would request PMO to open stages at lower level to show their talent
3 0 Government should identify young sports talents and give them proper coaching along with good nutritious food and medical treatment for injuries and moreover the sports person should be selected on basis of talent not on any other criteria and government should offer jobs in defense sector for the sports person because they have good and strong physic needed for defense sector
1 0 It's very simple. Follow the 5 Golden Rules laid below; 1) Encourage development at the grass roots level. 2) Support (monetary) existing talent in sports. 3) Sports should be a part of education, right from kindergarten. 4) Create sports schools for kids who wish to make a career in sports. 5) Get out of the 'Cricket' mindset.
0 0 if India want to be an super power in sports, some suggestions are- 1 Government should make stadium and play ground at state level then district level. 2 These stadium and play ground should have basic facilities and coaches. 3 Some central and state departments are working in different way they should merge together as Nehru yuwa kendra, yuwa kalyan department etc 4 At village level there are lots of land in GRAM SABHA, Government schools,  which is use for sports purpose.
0 0 It might not be possible make india a sports superpower, just by removing politics in it. There are many aspects which need change. 1. The funds released by the government are not exactly utilised for the athletes in the training sessions, much of it is eaten away which makes athletes unavailable of correct nutritious food and facilites. 2. Still many schools get permission whithout own playground. The corporate schools are keeping children in schools without any games from 7-7 & 24*7.
0 0 It will definitely become one day......but day will be tomorrow, if politicians were removed from the top most positions and they will be replaced by the former sportsperson of their respective sports.....
1 0 Sir our sportsperson often lack technical and professional training which makes our country lack behind in sports.The team for olympics should be selected and trained in climatic conditions similar to the country in which such games are held.
1 0 Remove all the politics in sports... Start with the BCCI
0 0 India is power-house of talent. There should be a tieups between NGOs who are and retired sports person people. They can tour the country on regular basis on organise events to screen the cream and polish them further.
0 0 90% and more tickets for popular matches are reserved for few, and many genuine sports lovers and players never get a chance to see the match live. It is time to remove all the encumbrances and give equal opportunity to all the sports lovers. Some potential players of that sports should get encouragement like this
1 0 With yesteray's SC decision, it might be time to dissolve all sports bodies like BCCI and create a fresh body managed by government which is regularly monitored and ensured that it does not become fiefdom of anybody. It should be created afresh to support all the sports from ground level, and where all are equal to get opportunity to excel and represent purely on merit.
0 0 Politicization of Sports to be banned bringing eminent sports persons in the managing body & keeping politicians at distance..Talent should be nurtured and not wasted in terms of selections.
0 0 should promote all sports equally or at least try to select players not just by preference but by their skills give every player equal chance
0 0 Lets instill love for sports in young children's minds. But it would not be possible unless they get to play.So, BIG challenge is to provide them with playgrounds nearer to their homes. Can government achieve this goal?
0 0 Competitions should be held or the gov should conduct sports all over the nation  in which all the sports should be played it should be like a sports fest.
0 0 Each and every sports in our country should get equal preference money for the development of all the sports should be provided.....
2 0 Make running part of indian life, hav competition in villages.
1 0 Like IITs and IIScs, create Indian institute for sports in all states; This campus should have world class training facilities for all international games; It should be a compulsory residential institute; People should be admitted on the basis of a state wide talent hunt run on all districts; In addition to relevant sports training, basic degree level education should also be given to students; The world class campus can be used to conduct games which can help to earn money and run on its own
1 0 We need to start training young kids on the organized scale. giving more importance to athletics, contact sports, adventure sports, etc. Providing quality infrastructure at local level as well.
1 0 For making INDIA a sports super power the efforts should be made to solve the problem of grassroot level,creating infrastructure,electing only sportsman as administrators
1 0 sports sector is fully different from the education sector so as education sector have various colleges in that also best of best eg there are various enginneering colleges in india but iit is the best likewise sports colleges should be made and in that also best of best like iit which have cream brain likewise in best of best sport colleges cream sport bodies will be there which can challenge the whole world and get the prizes in olympic such games
2 0 government should declare the next 10 years as the years just for giving impetus to sports sector in india now in just district headquarters there is a stadium in taluka level also stadiums should be made if there will be number of stadiums then the youth is automatically attracted towards the sports and can practice the various and good facilities should be installed in this stadium from this stadiums sselections should be done for the various olympic games
1 0 from the childhood onwards schools shnould see the extras and dynamic capabilities of a student and then school will inform to repective district sport officer and then in order to nurture the sport talent of that stgudent governemnt should give the training  in respective sports club and for that student just primary education should be given and just focus on its sports if from childhood only good training will be given and the child have inborn talent then no one can stop him
2 0 Sports superpower generally means getting more medals. And more than half of the medals are only in (a) athletics and (b) water sports. Thus, we should focus more and more on track & field events and all kinds of swimming, diving etc. Secondly, sporting events at state/district level should be taken as a celebration, in order to attract youngsters. Thirdly, sports like wrestling, boxing, weightlifting & kabaddi are India's core competence and the same should be taken up more seriously.
1 0 Sports should be kept apart from politics. It should be professionally managed by people who have worked hard in sports. Identifying and nurturing young talent should start from school level. Gymnastics can be introduced in schools. To ensure that all schools have proper ground and minimum sports equipment. Physical Education should also be included in grades in schools. Every day one hour should be dedicated to sports upto 10th std in schools. This would also ensure a healthy India.
1 0 Sports needs an environment that will motivate young people to join and leverage their talent. When the basic necessities such as food, home, etc is not available to a huge population, they are not even thinking about sports. If we exclude this population, only a percentage of the population is open to sports. Again, middle class people may not be so encouraged to join sports unless huge talent in a child has been found. So, in order to improve in sports overall quality of life should improved.
1 0 India can become sports when the youth are motivated in a positive way and have the government backing in terms of facilities, training and constant performance monitoring. A country of 1.5 billion can have many Saina Nehwal and Sachin Tendulkar. We need to tap the youth who are willing to take up the sports in a serious manner. The thinking of parents at large needs to be changed that sports is also a form of career. If the government projects itself in the right manner then this is easy.
1 0 INDOOR STADIUM one per district should be built, rural sports, and olympic sports should be encouraged
1 0 Sports education is a must with good training facilities not average ones and without any political interference that is found in every sport.-we do find politics is mixed with sports which is going to endanger sports in the future
1 0 Just like if a current doctor does not stdy biology at +2 level,he simply cannot fight the competition for premedical tests, similarly, how can we find gud talent unless we play our children amply? Unless we promote games,how will we find player s n athletes? So lets promote gaming at grassroots level,thereby let talents emerge from villageschools, n then have official s at district level,who are specific ally assigned task to shift all such talents to sporting hubs in Kashmir! Lets play!!
1 0 We can create sporting/athletic training hubs on hills of Kashmir. O2 deficient climate on such terrain will lead to acclimatization of athletes by increasing their Rbc n Hb counts,thereby upping their O2 holding capacities, n thus their heightened stamina.
1 0 One of the things can be for children not physically challenged to pass a neccesary grade for fitness just as they have a minimum passing percentage for other subjects, this I feel will greatly reduce depression and cholesterol related illnesses. Centres can be created which host tournaments on dd, getting their funding by ads and run by ex Olympic state or national level athletes so children don't feel if they don't make it big in sports they will be old and without career
1 0 Create sports schools and university and link corporate to sponsor and also a increased quota to help give a more and more number of students get into sports.  In school and college have subjects with major stress on sports, this should help get students up on sports and getting competition between universities will help more people into sports and then channelising will help improve the pipeline to sports and in years make power house of sports
2 0 Train the athletes full time. Just not 6 months before Olympics or Asiads. They should be trained continuously between events. Train them in Simple Admin skills like tabulation etc Use them for their admin skills in the sports training centres for various Govt. Tabulation works. Pay them salary for the same. And train them continuously. In this way their man hours are used and they are trained as well at the same training centres.
0 0 Dear Sir, It is true that the new forms of entertainment specially TV,mobilles,computer etc have taken over the physical forms of entertainment specially by playing outdoor games like cricket,footballs etc.One of the disappointing trend in developing the public places for park is that the popular outdor games like cricket,footballs are not allowed due to good maintaining of parks & grass.Result is that such parks become only sitting place for senior citizens & ladies.Children above the age group 5 avoid such parks.My contention is to keep in mind the space required for playing physically rather than just the beauty of the par specially in govt developed & society developed parks. My observation is if space is available children gradually come out to play because it is natural & remain healthy & produce sportsman/woman. The talent comes from the ground which can be further nurtured.
1 0 Sports and skill-based activities such as music and arts and crafts should be made part of curriculum. They should earn credits like any other subject and not be labelled 'extra curricular'. Taking a cue from competitions like the famous 'Bournvita Quiz Contest', competitions from school level should be organized and culminate in national level, with generous cash prizes.We should concentrate on a few sports that are culturally familiar:eg. water sports,archery,gymnastics,long distance running.
1 0 edible oil is  imported  yearly 85 lacs tons,if 5 coconut trees are planted by every house hold through out the country, we can over this problem and mal nutrition, as coconut got high nutritional values. 2.the land around 30 k.ms surrounding every city is plotted and hand changed to non agriculturists and is kept Barron thus result in increasing vegetable prices,loss of oxyzen, though it is a state subject but laws should be amended in such a way not to kept Barron.
1 0 do and invent more and more sports. let our country win more and more international and national prizes
1 0 share to all people and make
1 0 Nation have talents but not the roads. Many great sport's passionate leave the field in lack of resources. To make India a superpower in sports, we should: 1. Discover young talents and provide them their field of passion with support from government. 2. Sports infrastructure is damaged and it is not available to all. Govt. Will have to rebuilt infrastructure. 3. Regular competitions should be organised to find the bests. 4. Jobs from sports quota should be practiced easily.
2 0 I think we do not have a system called "introduction to a sport". I remember getting introduced to traditional games like KHO KHO,ROUND KHO KHO, KABADDI  in RSS shakhas. And evening grounds.because of the publicity cricket and tennis like games attract many people but because no one introduced other games to many kids those games were unknown to all. Moreover if we can give an assurance that ONE CAN MAKE A LIVING OUT OF SPORTS  we will be a sports super power for SURE!!!
1 0 There are a lot of talents found for gymnastics in the streets, railway stations etc by poor homeless parent less boys and girls and performed with perfection and ask for money for their survival. If these people can be trained by experts result will automatically follow.
1 0 Part - IV ..because of  the Great Vivekananda, vallabhai Patel, Mohan Das Karmchand Gandhi, Subhas Chandra Bose or Narendrabai Modi but also must be felt great by other in the world. This is possible only when we instill Indianism in our children through rigorous inculcation through extended opportunities and good will competitions. Thank you Sir, thank you very much. Yours sincerely S. RAMA RAO An Ex-Serviceman & Retired Assistant Director BSNL Plot No: 112, 3rd Road, R.T.C., Colony Vijayawada
1 0 Part - III We must mould our children to be more innovative not only in academic but in many fields. Team spirit through sportsmanship is crucial for tomorrow’s National success. Let us initiate  few new ideologies to convert individuals into social beings. Indians should not only feel great because of  the Great Vivekananda, vallabhai Patel, Mohan Das Karmchand Gandhi, Subhas Chandra Bose or Narendrabai Modi but also must be felt great by other in the world. More to follow...
1 0 Part-II..It is because we want to create more best and better in every field so that we can be best in the world.   It is thus our responsibility to evaluate why many are not reaching our expectations.  No country achieve it’s goal with few best individuals.  It is just like a good king never become without efficient cabinet and artillery. This is a subject belonging to Human Resources development.  In our country we confined HRD on education only.  More to follow ...
1 0 THE INTENTION OF COMPETITIONS --  THE MAIN OBJECTIVE BEHIND – THE PURPOSE OF SPENDING PUBLIC MONEY – A  SYNOPSIS  -- Reg. Honoured Prime Minister Sir, The competitions are held to Judge the best. We judge the best to build creative spirit in the rest. Thus the ultimate goal of any competition,  be it be in academic, entrepreneur, scientific, sports or for that matter any field  is to encourage the other persons in that particular field to become the best. More to follow ....
1 0 a. Encourage private sector to take up grooming sportspersons, under their CSR b. Incentivise Physical Education teachers by linking their reward to the performance of their wards c. wide publicity to winners at sports meets d. Guru-shishya parampara: a few potential sportspersons may be put under sports coaches for focused mentoring. Such sports coaches should have some share in the money taken by their wards in brand endorsements in future e. Lessons about great sportspersons be prescribed
2 0 Govt needs to take initiatives to first create corruption as well as reservation free sporting authorities who can diligently work on not only promoting sports but also brining up the talented masses from all parts of the country and provide them with world class facilities to nurture their talent.  The passion and hype needs to be created around sports which right now is completely missing.
1 0 Create Olympic Stadium in Every Taluka ,with all Facility's, it will help to new talents in rural area.
1 0 Sir, I can never believe that a country with a population of 1250 million people and where the majority of population is below 35 years cannot be a superpower in sports. The main hurdle in achieving the goal is to create a clear/transparent system which should be free of politics and business. There should be proper and low cost, or free if possible, training facility for those who are interested. There should be a proper/systematic planning to reach to the sports person for selection/training.
2 0 What i believe in,is yes India can become a sports superpower there is lot of talent in sports basically in rural areas but this talent is not getting any platform ,they leave there game just because they are not able to spend money on it, gov should provide with these basic things to the sportsperson or the sportsplayer should get money if he is playing sports at any level this will help him to keep playing and he can support his family...
1 0 Yes ! it is possible. For that we have to cross the following barriers successfully: 1. Resource crunch for sports 2. Identification of talent without any bias 3. Keep the Politicians out from the Boards & selection committee How to plan? 1. Sufficient funds should be spared for different sports-NOT ONLY FOR CRICKET 2. Talents for the sports must be identified on the basis of geographic condition & culture of the region 3. Only SPORTSMAN can be the member of respective sports committee JAIHIND
1 0 IN A COUNTRY WHERE 40 PERCENT LIVE BELOW POVERTY LINE LET US NOT DREAM ABOUT SPORTS SUPERPOWER. FIRST EDUCATE, EMPLOY AND ECONOMICALLY EMPOWER EVERY INDIAN THEN PROMOTE NATIVE SPORTS AND NOT EUROPEAN IMPORTED SPORTS. WHY GOVERNMENT IS NOT ORGANISING YOGA OLYMPICS AFTER DECLARATION OF INTERNATIONAL YOGA DAY ON JUNE 21 ?
1 0 India at grass root level lacks good sports facilities in addition to systematic training. Integrate and provide sports grounds, facilities and training starting from primary school level. Sports facilities should be clustered around schools and colleges rather than around residential or commercial area. Land needs to be demarcated for the same. Career opportunities for Sports training and allied activities can be part of Centre's skill training initiative giving the discipline more depth.  .
1 0 Formation of a sports intelligence unit that would be responsible for collecting videos' records and personal details of players from countries with whom India players have to compete this unit would also be responsible for providing these inputs to Indian teams
1 0 may be organizational structure opf sports associations is changed for three years with provisions to political figures by Income Tax officers. this will help sports associations get more sponsorships and still abide with law of land and after three years let the players decide if they want a political figure to head association of their game/sports
1 0 Today any sports super power countries in the world (especially China) have not became instantly superpower. There is a decades of hard work and sheer planning involved. The children being encouraged and trained in different sports from the age of 4 itself. So that they cam be molded into become champions in that field. In this regard the role of parents and elementary schools are very important. Schools should encourage sports as much as they encourage education. The Govt should chalk out plan
2 0 Integrate Aadhar card with several personal contribution points. a child went to district level should get 10 points, State  25, National 50, International 100 like. and these points to be considered while applying for a JOB or any other previledge. This should come in all sectors other than SPORTS ALSO
1 0 Children encouragrment,no politics and politician as head of sport body as well as nomination for awards on merit rather than on demand will help India become sport super power.
0 0 ( 1 ) ANY SPORTS / ART / MUSIC / ACADEMIC, etc. TALENT HAS TO BE IDENTIFIED & DEVELOPED IN EVERY CHILD AT A YOUNG AGE AT SCHOOL PRIMARY LEVEL, ( 2 ) THE SCHOOL AUTHORITIES & PARENTS COULD BE JOINTLY HELD RESPONSIBLE. ( 3 ) ALL SCHOOLS BE MADE ACCOUNTABLE / ANSWERABLE TO THE AUTHORITIES.  THE GOVERNMENT HAS TO : ( 4 ) GIVE SUFFICIENT & REQUIRED TRAINING TO THE CHILD ON A DAILY BASIS. ( 5 ) GIVE INCOME SECURITY TO THE FAMILY TILL THE CHILD'S / YOUTH'S 18 YEARS O AGE / MARRIAGE / RETIREMENT. ( 6 ) CAREER OPPORTUNITY / SECURITY TO CHILD ON ATTAINING THE AGE OF 18. ( 7 ) CONTINUOUS SPORTS, etc. OPPORTUNITY, AFTER JOINING THE Co. ( 8 ) OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME TRAINER / COACH AFTER RETIREMENT FROM SPORTS, etc. ( 9 ) A JUMP IN PROMOTION IN THEIR EMPLOYMENT, WHENEVER THEY ACHIEVE A MILESTONE IN INTERNATIONAL EVENTS. Thanks for giving we citizens, the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. B.Shanmuganathan / 98948-66843.  COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 sport starts should be trained by trainer at school choice by student at district level, and fund control by D.M. Sports authority head must be our ex sportsman not politician or businessman. a regular competition like exam. arrange in district, state and national level.
1 0 Just promote every sports not only cricket. Every player making our nation proud of any sport must be respected with prize. Indians have lot more talent in sports But they don't choose sports as their work coz they know it could not even give food for 2 times a day. So emphasise in every sport in rural and urban areas.
0 0 from childhood provide opportunities/amenities,  like good food, play ground,good coach etc and also keep all politically connected persons away from sports minister for sport should be a sport person only
0 0 ko compulsory karna hoga jaise ki physics maths.iss yeh fayada hoga ki jo student shuru se sports mein aacha hai toh usse is line nmein aage badhava diya jayega aur phir woh aage accha perform karaga .school level mein ccompetion hote rehne chashiye.parents ka support bhi bahaut jarrori hain playres ko aage badhane ke liye toh iss ke liye parents counselling programmes bhi hobne chaihiye
0 0 practice continues rakhni hogi aur fitness ka dhyan rakhna sabse jarori. is ke liye physical education ka provide hona jarori.so player dhangh se practice kar sake aur fitness bhi maintain kar le. equipment bhi hume renew karne hoge aur new tachnology ka use karna hoga.player ko world level mein khelne ke liye apna aap ko naye technology mein dhalne ke liye good equipment provide karane hoge.magar sabsae jarori hein sports temprament jagana aur iss liye school level mein games and sports ..cont.
0 0 agar hum spotrs superpower bana chate hein toh sabse pehle har sports and games ko equal tarah se dhekhna hoga.sports promotion bhi ek fator rahega humare desh mein cricket ko jyada support milta hai aur is ke result mein hum accha performance bhi de pate hein so agar hum sabhi sports ko bhi utna hi support de toh hum olymipic mein bhi us aur china ki brabri kar sakte hein.player aur sportsmen or spoprtswomen ke career ko bhi dhyan rakhna hoga unki job security bhi jaroori hein.
1 0 Sports should be made compulsory in schools like any subject. Good and talented pupils should then be selected and further nurtured at district, state and then to national level. For all this to happen we need good and inspiring coaches at grass root levels, sport specific grounds/ infrastructure and also help from local business and from government. Big businesses should create and maintain local sports grounds as part of their corporate social responsibility.
1 0 The schools/colleges should permit utilisation of their fields/playgrounds in the free hours or on weekends to NGOs/Voluntary Organisations so as to promote sports amongst the kids, particularly the disadvantaged/ poorer strata of society.
1 0 The kids should be identified between the age of 7-12 years by way of a scientific assessment through battery of tests and thereafter groomed in Junior Sports Academies with pro active sports sciences support. Parents should be sensitized to the need of such an approach and they should be kept in the loop while winners are produced.
0 0 for  making  india  sports  superpower  pay attention on the  better  quality of equipments and also  on the fitness  and most important selection of players who  are really excellent  not  on  the " BASIS  OF  MONEY "  its  shamefull  bt  it  true .. parrents also attention on  this they give freedom to  is/her child  ..i  noticed that parrent said if you got  90% than i will  give you badminton, football etc.. i amnt  understanig how sports  is  realted with90% ,every one improveway f thinking
0 0 1. Parents of the kids should be taken in confidence about benefits of such exercise. 2. 100% FDI in sports equipment, infrastructure facilities, dress manufacturing, food processing to be allowed. 3. Pharma companies must open dedicated specific cells in R&D along with Ministry of Sports to boost specific needs of Indian physiological / psychological structure. 4. Nano tech to be used with tax free expenses on R&D.
0 0 1. Each capable kid should run at least 2 kms everyday. 2. Each kid should keep closed eye silence in one posture for at least 5 min. 3. Just run resounding AUM or Gayatri Mantra at the time of this silence. 4. Couches / Teachers should participate along with them. 5. Ex defense or service men to be recruited for this purpose.
0 0 1. Counsellor and Guide post is needed in all schools to identify special proficiency of a students and to guide accordingly. 2.On regular basis training and coaching of indoor and outdoor sports are very essential. 3.Coaches in every district should go through orientation course. If needed most efficient sports personnel of the world should come and suggest for improving efficiency of the National Coaches. 4.Coaching and scope of playing should be a regular process . 5.Central monitoring
0 0 Dear Sir, 1. Please start district level competition for each sports across various age categories 2. Please national event -every year
0 0 Good sports facilities and related infrastructure to be made available on immediate basis to tier 3 cities and towns with a population of 3lakhs and above. Hockey, footbaal and Olympics related sports should be given priority
0 0 CATCH them young , that should be the policy children from 5 yrs of age should be handpicked and trained according to thier physical makeup.minimum of 12-15 yrs training is a must.
1 0 sabhi games ko ek barabar rank deni hoge. aur sabhi games kr trial villege lavel se start hone chaiye kyoki villege me ek se ek super player h lekin bo kisi bhi jankari ke na hone k karan se trial me nhi ja pate aur unki sthan pr some knowledge me sports person plAYING krte h.or har ek villege me ek stedium hona chaiye jisse ki village k sabhi sports persn good practice kr sakte h or city k sports person ko piche kr sakte h or be aage jaker hindustan ka naam rosan kr sakte h or hindustan khel ma
0 0 MAKING INDIA A SPORTS SUPERPOWER ONLY BE POSSIBLE WHEN PURELY POLITICAL LEADERS WILL QUIT THEIR POSITIONS  IN ALL TYPE OF SPORTS ASSOCIATION.I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THE POLITICAL LEADER WHO IS OR WAS A AT LEAST NATIONAL LEVEL PLAYER FOR THE CONCERNING GAME. ARE YOU LIKE THIS SUGGESTION MR.JATELEY, MR. SHARD PAWAR, MR. RAJEEV SHUKALA, MR.ANURAG THAKUR, MR. AMIT SHA. OUR HONORABLE P. M. WAS ALSO THE PRESIDENT OF GUJARAT CRICKET ASSO. THIS APPLIES FOR INDUSTRIALIST ALSO. PROMOTE SPORTS PERSON
0 0 Revival: Revival of Existing sports facility in district wise and town wise. NGOs: Involving NGOs for discussion on sports, latest knowledge and identifying sports persons. Conferences: Organising sportsmeet and conferences in all districts periodically. Sports as subject: From the school level sport is considered out of syllabus. It should be made a part of the curriculum. Sponsors: There are many businessmen who are willing to be sponsors for sportsmen if they are identified correctly
0 0 link all the private and public schools with sports committee of center directly. gradually make this system similar to the system of education. must have classes, syllabus,"boards exam"....why don't we have similar system for sports also. 2.make handsome payment to the winners of olympic,commonwealth,etc. this will increase the lust of the game
0 0 A well organised bottom to top conduction of Sports Talent Search Programes and Meets are the need of the hour.
1 0 Treat every sport be it football, hockey, badminton, tennis, volleyball or running equal to CRICKET. Give it the same importance. Reward the players well.
0 0 Paavo Nurmi was a cartloader but became worlds' fastest runner. Cartloader/Rickshaw puller have athletic body and can win gold in sports for the country. They are our next Milkha Singh. Refer http://wp.me/p3dJz1-6f
0 0 Existing infrastructure of sports should be utilized better. For eg, cricket stadiums should be booked every day for corporates/schools tournaments. This should generate revenue for opening other stadiums/other infrastructure setups.
2 0 @PMO INDIA Government need to bring the bill for sports people, 1.    All Gold Medal, silver Medal. Bronze medal sports people on State level, National and international level should get life time pension benefit, 2.    Pension will increase on add on every medal . 3.    Minimum level of pension need to be define So that sports people should not fight for survival and not force to sale their medal for survival. http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/12/making-india-sports-superpower.html
2 0 Just dissolve all the sports bodies in India and start rebuilding the same with renowned/unblemished/fresh faces from relevant sports arena and from management fields so that a combo of talent and proper administration go side by side in place of mainly corrupt, nepotist, inept regime that ruined our sporting mind and body for last 67 years. We have to start fro scratch - as practically nothing has done so far barring some individual excellence in certain fields.
1 1 Voluntarly call for sports people for talent demonstration on taluk level. Individual or schools can participate. Top 10 people in each segment to be trained for a year and send them to the district level and those top 10 people in each area to be trained and send to state level and top 10 state level in each segemnt to be sent to national level and the top in national level to be trained for International events. State level people can be sponsored by the corporates on CSR.
0 0 i request our PM to ask the sportsperson to prepare for Olympics and urge them to top the medal tally by 2016 or 2020 To achieve this  changes are needed  at institutional levels 1. All Olympic committees to be headed by professionals of international repute who have represented India in International arena and not politicians or bureaucrats who are just there to pass time
1 0 Namaste Sir. Although These Days, the cases of females being abused are heard a bit rarely, but it is hard to imagine when and where such cases erupt. To bring down such cases, it is important that females have security at all times.So for their security, if Martial Art forms, such as Karate, Tae Kwon Do, etc. are introduced at young age in schools, it will serve a dual purpose: Firstly, they will get Exercise and then they can use their techniques as a defence mechanism, when they are in danger
1 0 Build indoor stadiums for games like Badminton,TT,Squash and Make space for outdoor games in every village,town,city. This should be affordable to middle class. Let a corporate company adopt certain towns and build stadium as a part of corporate social responsibility.
0 0 Corporates can be given the task of bringing out the sporta talent of India. Each one can choose thier sports area and should train 10 to 20 people. All colleges should do the same. Intercompetition will happen between corporates and colleges and the top sportsperson will participate in Internation competitions. Play ground should be made must in all schools and colleges.
1 0 There should be no recommendation in sports . All Indian sportsmen to have their sports ID Card which should be BCR readable . This should contain their track records medals and Lap timings  There should be a centralised system where these can be stored , Escalation of the sportsmen to higher races should be based on their ranking and the amount of effort they have taken . This will prevent misuse of power by some people to get into the national team
0 0 Make sports a central subject Pass the law restricting the tenure and max age of officials in sports organisation Make quota for ex sportsperson in officials in sports org Pass anti betting law
1 0 Please Make sports central subject keep qualified coaches in school colleges make sports compulsory not to win medals but to make children healthy. Federation should be under control of government most corrupt persons are holding posts for years in federations. Many Unqualified Coaches who don't have any coaching centre experience are national coaches, coaches should be selected on merit to train national teams. Stop National camps start academies in states Set accountability make long term plan
0 0 The only way is to identify/select/pick right candidate from whatever source (and not from urban india) you can. It may be from pavements of Caunnaught Place in Delhi (those orphans, who show there talent for there livelihood and are a humiliated lot), or from a fishing pond in the villages of Bengal to kerala, hockey and archery from north east etc. Identification of right candidate is the most important thing and all effort should be made. Then comes training, motivation, money etc.
0 0 Many people are blaming cricket for this problem. But it is not correct. There many people who are interested in other sports but they don't get an opportunity or the opportunities are too few. And also many people give up there sport by the time they reach college or even earlier than that.
1 0 Phys.Ed.to be integral part of school curriculum. Each child encouraged to love and play a sport. Playgrounds made mandatory in all schools. Sports scholarships in colleges to motivate youngsters. Underprivileged sports persons to receive economic aid. Sports infrastructure to be bettered. Sports academies set up and supervised by retired sportsmen. Exposure to international sports to be arranged. Politics to be rooted out from sports and officials who use sports for personal gain, punished.
0 1 Cricket game is one of the problem in India. Ban cricket or else control it. Unless we won't get success in other games.
0 0 Facilities, scholarships etc are essential but if give respect and recognition. No sportperson will ask more. There are more sports then cricket :-)
0 0 Two pan India organisation which encourages sports are army and railways. they should be involved more in developing sports in India. it is beyond the IAS bureaucracy... Recommend special focus to be given in Manipur and Mizoram in addition to other main land satus for talent  hunt
0 0 Plenty of talent is available in our villages.Only opportunity and coaching is to be provided to them.
1 0 Encourage sports at ground level>make SPORTS as a subject which is mandatory with pass mark.Schools management should have a professionally certified as sports teacher. Special Scholarship should be given to outstanding students in sports. New Targets should be set within school and private sponsorers should be invited for eceptionally talented children Inter school competions should be encouraged more at town and city level & later by District and State level with Govt. backing to search Talent
2 0 To inculcate the habit of sports in daily regime, we should have good playground in our immediate vicinity. Schools should focus more on "sports for all students" rather than limiting it to some students. It should be made a habit in child regime. Slowly he / she will start accepting this. If we start this concept at grass root level, not only it will make India sports superpower but also healthy India.
1 1 central minister should be sports person State minister should be sports person.
2 0 Sports should become a part of everyone's lifestyle. People should be encouraged to take up at least one sport. It is not necessary to get proffesional in it but they must not stop playing how much ever they age. They must have some sport irrespective of age, gender or job. When there is such a sporting culture  then surely we will have many athletes who can represent our country. A club can be set up in every city where people can meet, put in money and organise games among themselves.
0 0 In India Grass root development is most important.proper stadium management is done by all sport federation for eg, BCCI richest in the world but still in india cricket stadium maintenance is not took place.For that best example is Austrelia.in austrelia proper maintenance is taken by main authority.so India first develop international level stadium.and most important is TURF MANAGEMENT IS ALSO IMPORTANT LIKE EXAMPLE OF MCG STADIUM MELBOURNE
3 0 It should begin at a grass root level.Governmemt should bring a law&should grant permissions only to such schools and colleges which provide facilities and encourages sports..Biographies of eminent sportspersons should be included in academics.Talented players should be screened on the basis of merit&should be encouraged by the government.Then only many milka singhs,many tendulkars will arise to make india a sports superpower.
1 0 In most of the schools,sports s not given as much important as academics..The school s rather concerned about the results ..Govt. should make the school to give equal imp to sports and academics And the selection team of India n any sports should def give chance to the  best player...And the player who fails to prove himself should b replaced  by another player.. No sentimental decision should b taken..Evn if he wins international championship once and fails to do well n the upcoming sports event he/she should b replaced and the player next to him should b givrn a chance... Awareness about sports should be given to the people. Best players should b discoverd and shld given a chance..
0 0 ONE AND ONLY SOLUTION WHICH we require from Government is ...   MAKE A LAW of Perticular amount of area.. Has to has perticular amount of free land for sport activity.. any .. I do not see anything in big cities for sports.. every new coming cities atleast have it..
0 0 If  we want to make INDIA  a sports super power then we've to work from  the  grassroot level.1.Awareness should be  spread  among  public about the advantage and career  oppertunity in  sports. 2.Every govt n private school should have  more  focused  n serious for  their PT classes.3.Parents n gurdians must  have informed about all the schemes n projects lunched from govt and private sector in sports.4.Interested students must be supported,encouraged n facilitated from the school  level.
1 0 Sports should be encouraged from school level. Indian sports such as kabaddi, gilli danda, kho kho should be given full hearted support by the schools .Chess which improves thought process should also be introduced in schools.Good and experienced coaches should be appointed in schools to coach the children.There should not be any political pressure on schools/colleges/teams  when they are selecting sportsmen /women  for various events.Sportspersons should be selected purely on merit.
0 0 Tennis, Judo, Athletic, Badminton, Table Tennis etc can be focused at India Level. As this particular state will focus totally on particular game, develop facilities and improve it at its best.
0 0 every state govt. should be made responsible to upgrade one game at the level of Olympics. The game can be based on the features of the peoples of that state like Kabbadi, Wrestling/Volleyball for Haryana/Punjab, Piston Shooting, Golf, Snooker for Delhi, Chandigarh, Puccucherry (being easy availability of resources and paying capacity of persons), Rowing/Swimming/Sailing for Kerala, Tamilnadu, Cycling mountain Bike for NorthEastern States etc. The rest games Hockey,Boxing. .... contd
0 0 gov ko janta ke prti aur javb deh bnane k liye ek.call center ki sthapna honi chaiye.jo dircet p.m.o ke undre m work kare. Ye ek durgami soch hogi aur gov ko direct janta s suchna mil payegi and janta ki shikayto ko b solve ho.jaygi.
0 0 Keep the Sports Compulsary for all The Children in Schools. Arrange fitness camp in schools which will help all the school students to keep themselves fit for whole their Life.
0 0 India is Loosing interest in Cricket and we can see that Clearly. BCCI should be under the retired Cricketers like Sachin, Kapil dev, Sunil Gavaskar, Laxman, Dravid, Ganguly, Ravi Shastri etc. Politicians ruining Cricket, doing Corruption all The Time.
1 0 Include Sports as mandatory in school and college level.Have sport academy and sport education in higher level. Make National and state sports a Brand.Give more facility to sports person. Have profesional people in sports body.Scholarships to people who get in different sports. Have more stadiums, traning centres in all states with international level.Organise more and more sport events within states , districts and national level.Ways to make it a secure career.
1 1 First, create 'National Level Associations/Organisations' for each sport, headed by prominent sports personalities of the same sport or related sport. And there should be 'Grading' of players (like Olympic Level, National Level, State Level) on the basis of which monthly allowances (or any other incentives) should be provided to them as per their levels. And yearly fitness tests should be conducted to verify their respective levels. And also, there should be provisions for retd. players as well.
1 0 First, sports should be managed by competent sportsperson and it should not become politician's fiefdom. We probably lose a lot of good talent, just because of mismanagement. Majority of district level sports body officials should be state level players, state level officials should be national level players and national level officials should be with international experience.             Also sports encouragement and culture should be from school itself. Excellence centers shd groom prmsing tal
0 1 SCHOLARSHIPS TO THOSE  ( STUDENTS & THEIR FAMILIES ), WHO PARTICIPATE IN SPORTS / NCC / YOGA IN SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. MORE QUOTA FOR THESE PEOPLE IN HIGHER EDUCATION & IN JOBS. Thanks for giving us-we the citizens, the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843.  COIMBATORE ( TN ).
2 0 First thing first, we the people need to stop putting studies ahead of sports. It should be made equally important. If a child is interested more in sports he\she should not be discouraged. Further sports is also a very good medium to reduce gender bias in this country. Since nationally and international there are equal opportunities for both males and females.
0 2 I wanted to introduce a new sport in India Which is called Paintball I played in a team called SKWAD7 . I have been playing this sport from last 4 years .. I have played lot of international tournament as well. I request everyone please help us to grow this this sport in India. we can do this easily  if government helped us.
1 0 All games can be developed by players & it must be headquartes for training as well as well selection at district level in all states of India..............
0 1 first of all we have to remove concentration from cricket & with respective sportsmen initiative we have to start campaign for other sports
0 1 Sports school should be opened by the government specially in villages and also in cities at free of cost, this will promote all children to participate and show their talents and win medals to our country.
0 1 School children should be appropriately scanned for detecting their skill in various sports, gymnastics and athletics. They should be then encouraged to follow that particular sport and should be provided with the best possible training. Camps should be held and competitions between different schools where celebrities of that particular sport should be invited to judge their potential and advice them. Colleges should further follow up the sports activities of these children.
1 1 Life can and should be phenomenal .. and it will be when you consciously apply the Law of Attraction. Universe will re-arrange itself accordingly Start by using this sentence for all of your wants: "I'm so happy and grateful now that..... ". You don't need to know HOW the universe is going to rearrange itself LOA is simply figuring out for yourself what will generate the positive feelings of having it NOW You might get an inspired thought or idea to help you move towards what you want faster
1 0 . What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match - no exception Shift your awareness "You create your own universe as you go along" Winston Churchill. It's important to feel good ( ( ( (((good))) ) ) )You can change your emotion immediately .. by thinking of something joyful, or singing a song, or remembering a happy experience. When you get the hang of this, before you know it you will KNOW you are the creator.
1 0 You get exactly what you are FEELING. Happy feelings will attract more happy circumstances You can begin feeling whatever you want (even if it's not there)... the universe will correspond to the nature of your song What you focus on with your thought and feeling is what you attract into your experience
1 0 EVERYTHING in your life you have attracted .. accept that fact ..it's true. Your thoughts cause your feelings We don't need to complicate all the "reasons" behind our emotions. It's much simpler than that. Two categories .. good feelings, bad feelings.. Thoughts that bring about good feelings mean you are on the right track. Thoughts that bring about bad feelings means you are not on the right track. Whatever it is you are feeling is a perfect reflection of what is in the process
1 0 . You attract your dominant thoughts Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it..etc... It's not "wishful" thinking.You can't have a universe without the mind entering into it  Choose your thoughts carefully .. you are a masterpiece of your life It's OK that thoughts don't manifest into reality immediately (if we saw a picture of an elephant and it instantly appeared, that would be too soon)
1 0 We all work with one infinite power .The Secret is the Law of Attraction (LOA) Whatever is going on in your mind is what you are attracting We are like magnets - like attract like. You become AND attract what you thin Every thought has a frequency. Thoughts send out a magnetic energy People think about what they don't want and attract more of the same Thought = creation. If these thoughts are attached to powerful emotions (good or bad) that speeds the creation
1 0 The major impetus that can bring out a sportsman is to expose the children to sporting culture from the very beginning. i.e Give importance to sports and Athletics in school curriculum. Every school must have sports facilities and coaches. Scouting players plaing inter-college and school can help identify talent. Offer them contracts and get them training at professional clubs.
1 0 India is a developing country but we all play as developed country,like not concentrate on game action only in advertisement and gambling in huge rate.so many people unemploed due to such game and gamble,they have no time to face entrance and find job for them,but they aware and updated for all such unlawful activities.
1 0 I think when one has easy access to the facilities, there are more chances that one will use them and enhance skills. I have seen in Germany, where in parks they have made open gyms, volleyball and Badminton courts, have put Table Tennis tables (Rust proof Steel tables)etc. These are the things which does not need much space and are economical. Each Sansad should provide atleast such facilities in their areas. It should be free for all. This way kids will definately develop interst in Sports.
1 0 Sir, If India can produce talented young dancers on TV shows like Dance India Dance, etc. where young kids can bend, twist & turns their body like rubber,  then if they are also trained simultaneously for an Olympic sports event like Gymnestics, right from the early age, then why India cannot produce & achieve Olympic Golds every time they perform in Gymnestics or similar events. There is lot of scope for this specillay if Govt encourages new NGOs(SPORTS) to take up this programme in villages.
1 0 Sir, it is found that after completion of 10+2 course in Goa, there is no compulsary Physical education or sports events for boys & specially for girls, often straying away 80% of students from sport grounds to other indoor activities. specially Physical Training(PT) exercises are completely ignored at this stage of students physical developments, often heading them towards illness of different natures. So PT shall be continued even after 10+2 upto degree level also, for healthy youths force.
1 0 Sir,If we look back, sports infrastructure was primarily present in cities, yet very less sport talent could be achieved, as in cities there is also more emphasis on higher education to earn a quality job. i feel in villages there is natural raw athleticismic talents often remains hidden behind wall of traditions, customes & poverty. specially soprtman/women for athletics, swimming, running, gymnestics kind can be groomed from villages by only directly spoting them & brought to training centers.
1 0 AT LEAST ONE SPORT or NCC or YOGA TO BE MADE COMPULSORY IN SCHOOLS & COLLEGES, ALONGWITH SUBJECTS - like Maths, Science, etc.  THE CONCERNED TEACHER HAS TO IDENTIFY / NURTURE / DEVELOP THE TALENT, WHEN YOUNG KIDS. SIMILARLY, SKILL DEVELOPMENT ( at least in 2 fields ) HAS TO BE IDENTIFIED / NURTURED & DEVELOPED, WHEN YOUNG. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
1 0 Sports sector should focus other areas like Kabadi, Hockey etc instead of Cricket alone.
2 0 To be a sports superpower like Australia the political influence and interference should be strictly ruled out. Along with National sports institutes should be established in which selectors should be appointed from past sports champions and legends. And sports minister must be appointed from sports personnel only. Apart from that every sport needs to be encouraged rather promoting cricket by giving much higher wages and focus to cricketers only even though cricket is not our national game.
2 0 Parents should consider sports  equally important as studies.
1 0 First of all there should be no political interference in the boards and associations. No business man should be the chairman or in any position. No political leader in the association posts. Preference should be given to sports personnel(s) who made contribution to the development particular sports event should be made as member(s) in the association. Budget should be allocated equally from village to metropolitan. Good coaches should be provided in town and villages along with sports schools.
1 0 we need sports university in each districts.sports is life saving skill,we must strengthen current National Cadet Core (NCC).There should be sport wing in NCC.we should take it as mission.we should have National Sports Mission.we need sports complexes separate for female ad male at block level.we need National Sports Authority The body who will coordinate all sports and related activities comprehensively in liaison with other departments and NGOs and corporate bodies.
1 0 There should equality amongst all International players irrespective of game they playing. Donning Indian colors is same for all the sportspersons. Therefore, all the profit making Fed/Assn can help Govt by setting aside moderate % of funds for other sports which are not so popular and not so much profit making. Yet they are played out of passion/love for the game and for the honour of representing India.Govt,can have better flow of funds for better facility to all Indian & State sportspersons
0 0 For our India to progress in Sports (for both Normal & Disabled)- there should be effective Federation/Association that should be able to guide,coach,mentor talented players.Often,we notice there is infighting within Fed/Assn that greatly affects talented players who would lose out such opportunity on building themselves for Super Strong Sports Power for India. Players lose out time,exposure etc due to Fed personal interests.Therefore, effective & honest Fed/Assn should be identified first
0 0 ( 1 ) MOST OF THE INDIANS / INDIAN FAMILIES ARE POOR & HENCE, THEY CANNOT AFFORD THEIR SONS, DAUGHTERS, BROTHERS & SISTERS TO INVOLVE IN SPORTS-UNLESS THEIR FAMILY INCOME IS SECURED. HENCE, THEY SEND FOR JOBS.  TO MAKE INDIA A SPORTS SUPER-POWER, ALL Cos-GOVT., PSUs, BANKS, PRIVATE Cos. TO INCREASE THEIR SPORTS QUOTA. ( 2 ) AS SPORTS-PERSONS CANNOT SHINE AFTER THE AGE OF 40 or 45, THEIR JOB IS TO BE GUARANTEED, UPTO THE RETIREMENT AGE OF 60 or 58. ( 3 ) THESE BENEFITS TO BE GIVEN TO ALL PARTICIPANTS WHO HAVE DEDICATED THEIR LIVES FOR INDIAN SPORTS-irrespective of whether he wins or loses any or all tournaments ( as he has contributed all his life for Indian Sports ). ( 4 ) AFTER THE AGE OF 40 or 45 ( ie. after his retirement from Sports ),, HE / SHE BE MADE AS A SPORTS TEACHER OF THAT Co.  THIS WILL ENABLE HIM TO SHARE HIS PRACTICAL EXPERIENCES WITH THE STUDENTS.  INCIDENTS LIKE THAT OF BOXER-SARITA DEVI CAN BE AVOIDED. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843 COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 Carrier assurance in sports is essential because everybody needs to earn bread for his family.Selection should be based on talent only.World records/ best records must be target that every player should know . Best facilities to players will be helpful.Sports hubs/nursery of different games and sports should be developed under guidance or leadership of best players only.politics should not play its game .Rich persons should sponsor the games not players.
0 0 Me jo dekh raha hu nw a days ....or kai logo ne bhi kaha ki politics sports se door honi chahie .....lekin ye ho nhi sakata ...kyonki jisko kuchh pata hi nahi hota wo dr surgery karne jaye to kya hoga wo ap sub janate he... Dusari bat ye sub bat se koi fayada hone wala nahi he....ye portal achhe he lekin kya koi bat vaha tak milati he jo sahi mayano me kuch kar sake....
0 0 Like circus shows mobile sports demonstration cum competition to be organised in every block including video show of international events
0 0 Empower the Gram Panchayat to organize a tournament for any sports which they find more player in their area. Remove all the politicians holding the sports authority. Make sure that only retired sportsman can lead the relevant authority.
0 0 5.Facilitate a grievance address system for both the Sports person and Administrators to express specific issues faced by them which will be addressed by the competent authority as assigned in the work flow of that sports body. 6.Come up with a time bound SLA for the issues raised based on their severity/urgency
0 0 1.Sports ministry to come up with distinct sections/categories of sports & games 2.All the sections to invite Sponsers & mentors 3.Govt to allocate annual budget for each section/category. 4.With the combined budget of 2 & 3 ,the respective sports shall be promoted across all the states(Infra,Coaching,Maintenance,Competitive events etc.) 4.Invite foriegn clubs or Conduct  Foreign tours periodically to improve the finer aspects of the game and gaining the confidence across the globe.
1 0 4) All the sports must be under Ministry only, no profit making boards/association allowed. 5) Ask BCCI to fund this activities as a royalty for using the name "INDIAN" cricket team, though it is a private cricket team.
1 0 1) Introduce a portal from sports ministry having separate sections for all the sports.Freeze the bare minimum level selection of sports person for training in each sports category.Allow any Indian citizen to participate.Made due canvassing of the same. 2) Form an expert committee for each category of sports which includes medalist,ex-army officials,industry sponsors,but not politicians and communal leaders. 3) Promote Industry giants and celebrities to mentor the sports.
0 0 inter school and inter college sports championships on all athletics sports should be held not only just football, cricket basketsball, etc. proper infrastructure and sponsorships are required for sports to grow
0 0 In my opinion, Sports infrastructure is very well developed in our country but the only problem is it does not reach down to the grassroot level. It require proper implementation. It should be part of educational curriculum. Like Doctors and Engineers, Children can proudly say, I want to be sports person. Such environment is necessary.
0 0 Chess. This is in continuation with my earlier mail. Chess was invented in India. It was known as चतुरंग taken from four-fold army, known as चतुरंगी सेना  made up of four main elements, foot soldiers, horse back, camel back and elephant backed. Indian to take well deserved pride in its own game and thereby encourage more participation. Make this idea widely known and bring it in conversation. More at http://small-suggestions-large-effects.blogspot.ca/2014/05/rename-our-ch...
1 0 1. Create world class sports infrastructure for all sports at multiple places. 2. Armed Forces, Police, MPs, MLAs, Schools, Colleges, Public and Major Private Sector concerns be mandated to groom sports person for international competitions. 3. Open Sports Schools & Colleges. 4. All schools should have adequate sports fields and wherewithal for all the students to play. 5. Regular competitions. 6. Coaches. 7. Incentives. 8.Good diet 9. Transparency in selections 10. Less glorification of cricket
0 0 In order make India sport superpower compulsory sport. Should be made
0 0 moost import first improve your fedrations many sportsperson get out because of corruption in your federations every selection is based on moneyand power rather than talent.if u can improve those things nobody can stop us,
0 0 Make Compulsory Physical Education Subject which will marks should count with other subject.
0 0 1. Hunt the Sports player from School time. 2. Every School Should Compulsory Subject Sports, they teach & aware students & their parents about sports. 3. National Sports University will be Form Each & every State for Development of Sport. 4.  It Will form only for Sports Training & Creating Sports Player for India. 5.Sports university Worked from Grass root level .  With Each & every District. India Have So much Talent .We Get more than we want. JAI HIND JAI BHARAT.
0 0 The progress in sports in India is not because of the Govt. but inspite of it. Sports persons in our country excel largely on account of their personal interest rather than on the basis of an organised infrastructure provided by the state. Development of infrastructure from the district level upwards is needed to achieve excellence in sports. A concrete plan is required to build and maintain the infrastructure at all levels.
0 0 1. Make multi purpose grounds 2. Give equal importance to other sports 3. Closed circuit cameras should be installed in all cricket stadiums which can record any act done by the players against the rules 4.  Abolish the IPL completely as the whole Indian cricket team is divided & as a result corruption takes place 5.   The ownership of IPL teams should not be given to anybody 6. Cheer girls should not be there in IPL matches 7. Felicitate sportspersons for their contribution to the game
0 0 Invest in the infrastructure to allow kids/adults to have a safe and professional sports experience. If we look at small countries like Singapore, each district has state operated stadium with swimming pools, badminton, tennis fields, running tracks, and soccer fields. All of these are maintained year round - opening up opportunities for honing the sports skills. Providing right resources is the key to develop world leading athletes in our country.
0 0 1. State level leagues/events -State level corporate to conduct competition:Identify & nurture the best talent in each state 2. India to conduct Mega sporting events equivalent to Grand Slams in the case of Tennis or Badminton etc.by announcing substantial prize moneys which will bring best international players,promotes sport which in turn promotes tourism & encourage Indian to follow & get into that sport 3.Options for sportsmen after retirement to make a living within sports association etc
1 0 1. Appoint only Sportsmen as heads of sporting bodies and Sports Ministers. 2. Open neighbourhood college & school playgrounds for people to play. 3. Activate school, college and university sporting circuit for students and organise colony-level, district level and state-level sporting events for general public. 4. Make corporate sponsorship of neighbourhood sporting events compulsory as part of CSR activities. 5. Start Sports medicine centres at all government dispensaries.
0 0 If we look at any sporting nation they project sports as career during premlinary education we need to implement the same. 2) Accountability to be set for sports authorities and zero tolerance for beurocracy 3) Perks for states providing more sportsmen excluding cricketers 4) Cricket means sports in India and that mindset needs to be changed even if it means curbing one sport to some extent 5) Lastly more events at national level, superior facilities and infrastucture and more awareness on sport
0 0 Several suggestions-1) Sports bodies should be headed by professional Athletes, no Political leaders allowed,2) Across India, provide stadiums with proper tracks/ground conditions with usable toilet facilities,3) students from Southern states (from hot weather) should be exposed to cold weather of North/NE for proper conditioning and vice-versa.4)Dedicated sports management schools should be intriduced across India.5)Professional Coaches should be attached to such sports institutes/schools.
0 0 1 Except for the Sports minister No association should have politician as its member. 2 We should have a Road map Setting of an Special full time Sports University which can induct kids from standard 5th or / Vacation Sports university. 3 Identifying talent at very young level through the various district level and junior competition. 4 Blooding this talent in to sports university and keeping them under continuous training & supervision.  5 Having Sports Management as a part of this.
0 0 we should encourage professional sports like the way we did with IPL of Kabadi, cricket and football. When there is s career in sport all the guys will get attracted to it. We should follow the US model and modify it to our India, When blacks were economically backward they were brought into main stream sports. many of them prospered. It also creates coaches, equipment manufacturers, play fields and spectators who contribute to the boys prosperity and jobs.
0 0 Emphasising on school level will get the maximum result. There are absolutely no or just for name sake sports facilities in the school. There are children who are not very good at studies but have lot of potential in sports. These kids don't get the right platform to excel. I suggest you to focus on school level in both rural as well as urban areas. Management of the sports bodies should be given to honest sport persons not in the hands of corrupt burauecrats like Srinivasan or Dalmia etc
0 0 Funds of sports associations/ boards of all sports should be clubbed together and used for providing sports facilities to all gamrs. Like BCCI is a very rich board though wrestling, boxing, athletics, swimming, etc may be needing funds for creating facilities. Sportspersons should be regularly inducted in jobs based on their performance in games. Before they get a job, they should be given scholatships based on their performance in games. Jobs should be given on Group B non gazetted lwvel also.
0 0 1/ searching talent fr rural areas.. Through regular search program 2 Devlopment of Infrastructure cluster wise 3 No politics in Sports 4 Special training throughout the country
1 0 As we know that in Schools with education sports is also necessary for physical and mental health  ... In India sports are not given so much priority than education field  .I think india has the potential to give its best in the world in sports .. acCORDING TO ME  government should start a sports campaign in villages and cities of india  selecting the various sports person on the basis of their performance as given in the test and should be given higher class facilities as given in china & japan
1 0 The Running time of Govt.School Children is never be recorded...if it is recorded of each student/youth...Indian will be the fastest man/women in the Earth.During my school time some of my friends are near the timeline of Ben Johnson.
0 0 catch them young and train them to beat international record and do what it needs to do with dedicated team responsible for sports mission at State or National level. Also encourage sports in all public and private sector as it well help in developing team and sport spirit in organisation  to lead the country to superpower
1 0 Sir in every cbse school 1 hour of various sports according to the interest of the student should be made compulsary.
1 0 start separate sport schools for swimming,gymnasium, badminton,wrestling, boxing, archery,shooting, athletics and other indoor games,where we can win more medals by sending less people, instead of sending hockey team who never won gold medal in olympics. catch the potential sport persons very young  purely on merit and without bias, and give best coaching with great coaches and required sports infra of international standards.military to contribute more medal winners with increased sport budget.
0 0 1. Sports minister to be selected from the sporting profession. 2. Sports as a major subject of board exams 3. Scholarships for higher education to be linked to sports achievements. 4. Every job should require proficiency in at least one outdoor sport. 5. Scholarships including food and clothing for needy talent. 6. Corporate sponsorship for deserving students 7. Backward states to be turned into sports megacities to promote them
0 0 First and foremost our country and the govt. needs to rescue the sports associations and other bodies governing sports in the country from the clutches of the likes of the Suresh Kalmadis and Rajeev Shuklas and entrust the same to professionals with proven credentials in either in active international level sports or qualified sports administration professionals. Then comes the development of sports infrastructure from the district level upwards.
0 0 Remove government from the picture. Best sport personality of India is not supported by any govt and no govt body regulates sports he play - Vishwanathan Anand (Chess). Allow private clubs to compete. Let national / zonal / state level selections be managed by persons who want to generate revenue from sports & its telecast / other rights and not by persons who run them on govt grants. Remove govt grants from picture than only sports will be run like MNC expecting returns from athlete performance
0 0 All children up to age 14 should get three meals a day from the school or skill development center they attend which should have sports grounds and facilities. Evening snacks may be served before and dinner after sports.  Those identified may be sent for special fully funded camps in their favorite game or sport. These camps may send promising boys and girls to regional/district/state/national level camps.Go by the list of Olympic and Asian games for talent search and intensive advanced training
1 0 1) Inform interested candidate what is world record level 2) Direct selection of candidates for Sports Events who break  world records &   forward those candidates only instead of sending  bulk of candidate, who doesn't perform good .  If any candidate is ready to show that he can break world record , he must get first priority.
0 0 1. Needs Sports Academies in entire country It shall be one of the program of Department of Youth and Sports 2. Sports has to be compulsory in schools and there shall be provision for participation and competition at different levels. 3. In urban areas Planning shall take care of Playground. and it has to be different from greens. 4. Sports talent shall have job reservation 5. Identifying talents at budding stage and state sponsorship for coaching them. 6. Building infrastructure
0 0 Create mega sports and security university in Haryana, and in Assam. The physical and mental training required for sports and security are similar. Haryana and North East have also contributed a lot of sportspersons traditionally. By creating such a university, we can develop sportspersons and also give them a career alternative in paramilitary, police or private security firms. Most people do not take up sport as they fear for career post sports stint. This will resolve this problem.
0 0 While doing this we have2ensure providing best facilities to the Top Ten Players of each Discipline of each sport the best possible facilities provided to the existing&would be World Champs of other reigning countries.These National level Players r2b spotted early such that they can be provided the best facilities from their early days2conquer d world.With dedicated Deptt in place with regular world class monitoring facilities we can bcom Sporting super power within next 10yrs.HumKisiseKamNehin.
0 0 Let's hold competition annually at all levels right from a village/ward to the National level to identify The best Ten/Twenty at their respective levels4each &all sports.This has 2b displayed 4 all to see&derive encouragement from.Same can b followed4 all Sports Gurus.Thus we can identify best Ten Badminton Players/best 10Footballers/Best10Athelets/Best10 Swimmers in each village/ward&in each panchayat/Block/District/State to draw the line of best 10players of the country2represent2bWorldChamps.
0 0 Sports has2ba compulsory subject inSchools&inColleges they  canbgiven Certificates as a graduate in football/Athletcs etc.4getingEmployed in Schools/Colleges&in Panchayat/Ward level Sporting complexes,with excellence they can be deployed at Block/District/State/National level Kridakulams as professionals.There must b certain %age Posts reserved in each job avenues both in Govt&Pvt sector 4sportspersons2make d SystemVibrant.Statistical Records of allSportspersons like Cricket willhelpthem Excel
0 0 1.develop more public grounds 2.make sports and games compulsory per day in schools 3.start more sports events and competition 4.get more public and private involvement 5.encourage more sports club 6.make compulsory for each institution to have one sports club
0 0 Let us followChina&see how they r equipped&their passion&Goal2win a Medal4the country.Their Tally in Olympics reflects it.Russia&others can be our Sports Guru to make India Excel in every Sport we play&aspire 2play2win medal 4us.We need2go2Villages&Cities2Test each individual age group human beingby allowing them2play each game4a period of time& identify their inherent bestpotential in1sport2groom themwith care in DronacharyaKridakulam opening Sports complex in each Panchayat&ward.CSRisKey.
0 0 In the villages, children are not identified and encouraged as in the towns/cities. Hence villages children at he school level itself to be identified and adapted for sports.Adaption covers, energy foods, good clothes, good sheltering and also education of them to be covered. They should be mentored properly for maintaining good health by following a disciplined life.Also they are to be followed for practicing routine exercises and practises like polices and militarians
0 0 IPL is a good model that should be adopted in other sporting events too. Idea is to get as much corporate direct investments to sport teams as possible. This will encourage parents/teachers to take sports seriously. Also part of all sporting event earning (private/public) should go towards building basic sports infrastructure in small towns and villages. All private sports management companies should be mandated to invest in budding players.
1 0 Make sports compulsory at school and college level. Give grading for participation in games. Grading in sports must carry equal weight-age as other subjects in professional colleges. Hold annual sports at Block,Tehsil and Dist level. Pick up talent during annual meets.Appoint Ex sportsmen on key posts.Avoid political appointments in sports.Work out upgraded mid day meal for sportsmen.
0 0 A mechanism2spread sports-awareness among people should be created by way of issuing a card giving 5% discount-coupon in utilities bill of electricity, water,house tax,parking,rail/air tickets etc&other activities.Apart from involving reputed NGOs&concerned dptts in registration of people&monitoring of their sports  like running ,yoga etc,the renewal process can be linked to biannual medical check up on limited parameters.Discounts can be linked2Aadhar&check up'ill be so advant'us.
0 0 Give salaries to all national sportsmen and encourage more and more leagues in every sport. This system has been successfully implemented in Cricket and now in Football and Tennis as well. Encouraging leagues by offering tax benefits may attract corporate houses to invest in forming sports leagues. This star status of sportmen in such leagues will definitely encourage common Indian youngsters to concentrate on sports as well. Overall, the ecosystem shall offer steady income to all sportmen.
0 0 research is important.UK put in a lot of effort for London Olympics and derived the benefit.Create a planned infrastructure regionwise and sports discipline wise.This is Bharat Nirman which will give us more than 100 medals in Olympics in 15 to 20 yrs.with Wi  Fi connectivity and education from KG to PG on the net with a new generation teacher who is more of a facilitator and guide/mentor,India will become 100% literate and also a large number of citizens will be specialista in their chosen fds
0 0 first prority should be health. We must have compulsory physical education in schools. Imagine the number of schools--15 lakh. you will require 15 lakh physical education instructors (PEI)who need to be trained themselves.Hence a national physical education academy and a cadre of PEIs.Then establish National Sports University with a Sports Academy in each state. Selects physically fit and with aptitude children to be trained in different disciplines.Training of coaches at the university.Research
0 0 To make India a sports power there should a sports complex at very taluka level having trained staff to find the masters of all games at school level.Every students of school should be identified for his skill by PT teacher.at every 6 month there should be a sports competition at taluka to district  level and yearly at state level and national level.Champion of each game should give his one week half yearly forsports talent development.development.job quota should be increase in pvt and govtfirm
0 0 To encourage Indian players Government should give some special facilities to students while there primary education till graduation. Like special training, sports club, special coach for particular sport, sufficient space with advance facilities, as well as special funding or food facility at sports club with quality food.  Last but not the list special spots equipments from basic to final.
0 0 Most of the indian players play to get the job in government departments under sports quota. The momment they get job the efforts to win medals for india stops. Remuneration model to be changed whereby the player to be given stipend based on the level he has represent and medals he win instead of permanent secured job. India can be made sports super power if the effort of the players are kept alive and they have to motive that each level will be more remunerative.
1 0 To make India a sports super power I humbly submit-introd.of play&learn schools for kids upto5yrs age-formal edu.with 3periods for games inclu.yoga upto 7thstd.-1period of yoga&1hr.game period upto 10thstd.with games&yoga as subjects&evaluated with due wtge.for early spotting of talents to whom proper guidance be provid.thrh specialised coaches upto 12std.when finally screened talents be spotted to whom top class coaching be provid.as per sports sc.with storng support& aid by govt.to prove worth
0 0 Part 3 9. Student should be given stipend by got @ 1500 per month for nsqf level 1 equivalent going upto 15k p.m. 10. National, district and state level contest participant incentive equivalent to academic degree holders 11. Zonal system in selection should be abolished 12. Coaching and infrastructure. Under ppp should be maintained by sports bodies 13. Students may be allowed to choose sports as primary discipline with 50% allocation of marks and 25% each to academics and activities
1 0 Most of our schools are not having sports ground and sports gears. Most of schools  of urban areas are situated in such place where people can not breath properly such a narrower place but state Gov. granting to open the school where no place to play. So our Gov./ State Gov.  need to work sincerely in it.
0 0 I belongs to village areas and I completed my intermediate in 1989 with PCM but that time I don't know sports name and how to play other than Cricket and football so here we can imagine that how much contribution of rural areas to the international sports. Even though all primary schools are not having a sports teacher, then how these children are participate in international sports I also like to inform you that rural areas children's are physically very-very strong.
0 0 Develop sports infrastructure at basic level that is village level, the children from village areas are don't know most of the sports name, e.g. Hand Ball, Basket Ball, Tennis, Badminton etc. Therefore we need to put more attention on these areas and provide more knowledge and training in all primary school. Also I request politics should not involve in sports. In my country mostly politician relatives are selected in international sports, my PM will look in to.
1 0 As a CSR (Corporate social responsibility) activity, assign each sports to each company. For more information you can contact me directly i have complete plan of it.
0 0 8.     Explore setting up of Sports University on the line of central university. 9.     Procedural hygiene in the system for getting clearances to hold a sporting event in any stadium. 10.  Tax holidays on new sporting leagues for first three or five years. 11.  Give industry status to Sports. (4/4)
0 0 4.     Need professional players to be made part of Federations. 5.     Policy and strict measures to deal with issues like match fixing, doping, fraud of age and sexual harassment. 6.     Sports education mandatory in school and vocational institutions. 7.     Establishment of Centre of Excellence on Sports in Tier II & III cities / smaller towns. (3/4)
0 0 Suggestions for positioning India as a Sporting Superpower are: 1.    Develop PPP models by focusing on promotion, creation and building sports infrastructure, culture and talent in India. 2.    Explore management rights of existing sports infrastructure with corporates. 3.    Incentivize corporates to invest more in sporting games by announcing specific policy favouring private funding in sports business. (2/4)
0 0 Sports to be identified as one the potential sunrise sector that could contribute towards GDP of the country; generate revenue; bring accolades to the country by winning medals at the international level; attract more investments from corporates; and position India as a ‘Sporting Superpower’.( 1/4 )
0 0 In addition to government guaranteeing a secure future for sports persons, mechanism should be developed to eliminate nepotism, favouratism and corruption in selection and training of sports persons. Standard Operating Procedures should be formulated and strictly made to follow. Incentives should be very attractive and declared in advance for highest achievers.
0 0 Identifying the talent and induction at an early stage,that is as a child and full time training for a particular sport can produce world champions. In such cases formal education has to be sacrificed. In case of not making big in sports this lack of formal education will make the individual ineligible for any job and thus an insecure future. Therefore in such cases vocational training at government expenses should be given and job should be assured. Guarantee of a secure future is a must.
1 0 Sir, In order to make India a sports superpower, I suggest following:- 1. National Games should be bifurcated in two (i.e. Indoor games & Outdoor Games) and the same should be held every alternate year (i.e. National Indoor game 1st year and next year National Outdoor game). 2. Same should be followed by every state i.e. State level Indoor Games & State level outdoor games. 3. Lastly, Every District should organize district level competition  of one indoor game & outdoor game.
0 0 Create a catalouge of goverment and private sports facilities and coachs across India. This should make it easy for layman to find nearest training facility or approach a coach to pursue training. Also make the platform social so people can upload photos and give there feedback. This can be done in partnership with yellow pages kind of private company and sports authority of India. I am willing to personally contribute to make this happen.
0 0 To make india sporty we need of equality that is why recently  our blind cricket team have won the worldcup , but there is no one come to support them ,if in that place Indian team won the worldcup then every politician ,corporate sector came for congratulation them announce gift to them in money. that 's why people said india is for politician and hindustan for those people who service to every people of his nation.
0 0 I think we should start first with ensuring that our kids are healthy and strong. A national food pyramid ( similar to European pyramid ; internet Link - https://www.littlesteps.eu/images/uploads/foodpyramid.jpg) should be established and communicated across schools.
0 0 Most prime thing is awarness that he/she is representing NATION & Playing for the country is to be brought.*Sports men should be selected from wide across the region including villages not from only who are serving in banks,psu etc..*target  bench mark for selection should be olympic records * athletics,swimming,shooting which constitutes `50% of medals to be concentrated more.* field games to be encouraged more.   cricket.not to be glorified much instead all.
0 0 Better to initiate good money incentives from school and colleges itself !  Ensure National Games is organized every year. Apart from National Games - organizing ZONAL Level sports by dividing India among 29 States and 7 Union Territories into 4 groups of each 9 Entities. Using Sports Icons like Paes, Bhaichung,Sania,Saina,Anand,Bindra,Sushil etc to inspire studies to make sports as career ! Sponsoring,Marketing and adverte should start investing in sports starting from school and colleges.
0 0 Instead of trying to develop every sport initially we may focus on limited sporting events. Reduce importance of cricket and grow other sports. Involve private sector by using their CSR initiatives funds. Bottomline is to clean up the mess...by involving professionals to manage all sporting bodies with clear cut targets..if someone doesn't perform he or she perishes..we have to be ruthless in execution of our National Sports Policy. Incentives for better performance by players and coaches.
0 0 Make sure our past sporting heroes are national icons and not begging to survive. Diet is extremely important to growth of children especially for sportspersons. Introduce sports importance in school curriculum.
0 0 One should be able to choose sports as career and earn his lifetime survival out of it. Identify core competencies of zonal areas and develop them into centres of excellence. Example wrestling in haryana..football in West bengal...Open village level sports stadiums to encourage sporting culture.
0 0 Basic Sporting facilities in every school. Only people who have excelled in sports to be in ruling bodies of sports. Politicians should have no role in sporting bodies. Accountability at every level of management. Transparency in selection of sportsmen at every level. PTI at schools should be people who have represented the country in any sporting events. Federal government sporting policy to be drafted and implemented.Employment of defence personnel in trg at grassroot level. Sports as careers
0 0 Sports shoud be our rashtra dharm and we should put all efforts to convert all to sportsperson rather than talking of dharamantran.We are Indian nationals and Bhartiya religion but our leaders are focussing on issueless issues rather than focussing to bring all Olympiad medals and make citizens healthy to encourage to pa rticipate in sports.
0 0 Sports is a mediam to make a country devloped or make a strong country.sports help in poverty, literacy, health.best benefit in alum arias children's or those children they note go of school or not interested in study. Make rual and reglution in gov..and private schools to 1priode of game or sports.
0 1 In china,they hunt poor children,and make them as super sportsmen from childhood.and gives all facilites to them.like that we can also introduce like that by step by step and also we step for sweeping poor from india.all the best sir.
0 0 We often hear that our National/State level players face financial problems after their retirement,one solution to this acc. to me is we can appoint these players as coaches at the very ground level in districts,cities where they can search for talent and train young players.Make ppl,youngsters aware about sports,advantages,sports as a career in villages,schools,colleges in their area.
1 0 Our AADIVASI community is a natural sports person.we can see beauty to throw stone in JABUAA,archery in ANDMAN & north east,sword man,high jumper in PUNJAB,boatman in KERLA. Every state has a unique sports community,we just have to recognize,aware & polish them.we are the SUPERPOWER!!need is to believe our self that we can do
0 0 Each school should be encouraged to take up 1 or 2 games as their priority game. This will lead to concentration of resources and give better results faster. Each school can also similarly take up a single cultural dance or musical instrument as its priority.
0 0 There should b a open n proper Multi Sports event held annualy & people espcly kids frm vlgs/slums/orphanages shd be informed abt it thrgh ads.This Multi Sports evnt shd b held in each district(can be shared by 2 or more ZONES) n d winners of each district/zone shd b taken n trained in State Sports Academy(can be shared by 2or3) for atleat a year b4 these players can participate in Nation Level Games n den the winners from here shd be trained in National Sports Academy
1 0 Barrier btwn our talent & world is lack of opputunity,facility & training.V shd gv our plyrs propr/sufficient money so dt dey &der family can liv a satsfctry life evn aftr dey R retired or injrd.V need to make sports an attractive career.There should be a sports authority active in each district with a proper ground,with all the equipments/kit needed to play various games & shd b available 4 free.D children below 8 yr living in orphanage/slums/vilgs shd b encrgd more 2 play
0 0 Conduct an IPL style league where 5-10 events constitute a match and the ratio of indian players has to be 3 per five players. where for eg. there are are five events 2 players need to be international players two domestic stars and one local player. The winners are to be determined by the number of events won. The players just like IPL have to be auctioned. This would also rope in international coaches and would elevate the standard of facilities as well as the players.
0 0 You should provide sport kits to all gram panchayats. Because we have  many hidden great sport personalities in our villaged but they can not come in front due to the lack of acessaries.
0 0 Main problem is that there is half hour lecture in school for sport>> Instead of half hour lecture there should b one day of sport in week/month.. I my school time sport teacher teaches rules of sports in notebook in class and other time he DENOTE his period to History teacher. we are living in a country in which Ex-sportsman searching govt job and sport teacher who never teaches sports Every Kabbadi player, Ranaji Player in state or national team is appointed as sports  Teacher .
0 0 Our country should start developing sporting activities in rural, tribal, hilly areas by giving emphasis on low cost sporting activities like races, long jump, volleyball, basketball, badminton, swimming, archery etc.. Girls must be made fical point to develop sports in rural, tribal, hilly and other far flung areas. Thereafter, sporsts colleges should be opened in interior areas to develop these low cost sports. Cue must be taken from countries like Kenya.
0 0 My point of view on this is that being a sports superpower is not our goal. If we develop a culture of embracing the outdoors and encouraging sports, if we make sports can integral part of our lives, we are bound to do well in sports in the time to come. That will automatically make us a sports superpower. They ways the government can help are : 1. Make sure there are enough open spaces 2. Make sure sports facilities and coaches are available in plenty to growing children in each neighbourhood.
0 0 Seperate sports school in each district to be setup with focus on local talent / tribal talent and ensure the sports as main curriculum and Basic education upto graduation as co-curriculum. All the eXpenses towards their stay to be born by govermnent The non performers can be shifted to local schools for regular education and fresh talent with option of lateral entry to be made possible. The infra to be world class. The audits on condition of facilities to be rigorous.
0 0 1) All sports Directors should be sportsman not IAS officers 2) sportsmen mess should be corruption free n they should good food 3) selection of sportsmen should be done from primary school level. 4) talent hunt should be done in villages n tribal areas. 5) coaches also should be rewarded for the performance
0 0 I would first like to mention that our sports should be freed as early as possible from the clutches of Politicians and bussiness men of our country. The sport minister in our country do not have any job as all the games were run by federations/boards etc. All the sports should come directly under our Sports Minister with any federation/board should be headed by a sports person and not by any one else. We must have Sports Universities/Colleges/Centres in our country to promote sports.
0 0 Part 2 6. Marks should be allotted for participation and attendance enough to pass even If student does not win contests 7. Schools must allow students 8 week break annually whenever student needs to take part in competitions 8. Schools must follow flexible date system for individual papers and students should be promoted on provisional basis subject to stipulation that student must complete last year minimum pass criterion over next academic year
0 0 1. 25% marks from class 1 to 15 should be allotted to sports 2. Student must be allowed to pursue electives at any academy even outside own school 3. Academic hours in school must not exceed 4 I.each. 6 periods of 40 min each 4. Sports must be categorised into a. Physical and mental b. Indoor and outdoor c.Team and individual. Students must choose any 3 sports such that all 6 types are covered. 5. Students must be allowed to change Electives
0 0 Just remove the chairperson who is sitting in the chair of controlling a particular sport activity and eventually, the chairperson is not connected with sport or game any more but he is political leader or industrialist.  Give all the board of sport /game activity to a former famous sport personality and there should be no doubt of his integrity towards the sport i.e. a fine tract records like Sachin Tendulkar in cricket.
1 0 What i think is that the only way to make India a sports superpower is by training at grass root level. I have seen many sprinter, swimmer and other athletes who are really good and can make way to national team but they are never trained and never got a chance either just because they are from a village or from small city. Government need to look out at these place if it really want to improve Indian sports situation.
0 0 Sports Ecosystem needed Financial viability of sports career for failed sports people(injury etc)Scout student talent in classes 4 5 Counsel parents - interest & support Teach Sports related curriculm in classes 6 7 8 Yog Diet Psycology etc Learn best practises from China America Adapt to Indian environment Tap tremendous talent in Villages Collaborate with professional institutions Focussed education need of the hour Some students like Art some sports some tinkering (engineering) Let them Bee
1 0 Once sportsmen are allowed to make their way into federations then since their very careers depend on a better environment in sports they will ensure that they find ways to make the sports federations run better. The best ideas, sir ,only come from a person when his life depends on the need. The people ruling federations dont depend on sport for a living hence will never be able to make any radical changes as they will never see the need to do so.
0 0 Sir to start with let every federation be forced to accept every player as a member who has a right to vote. Federations are run by people with no clue on sports development. Every player whether senior or junior above the age of 18 should be compulsorily accepted as a member into the state federation if the player so wishes to join. Criteria can be set that the player should have participated in some national event. This will help players get into running federations and making a difference.
0 0 First thing parents need to take in confidence that if your child play at National level/international level then Gov will take care of his/her job.Most parents even good sport person fear about their bread and butter if gov will not help instructor/coaching job in all school should be reserved only for sports person.2 Basic facility should provide like drinking water,toilet,good food,laptop etc to sportsperson.3.In our society if a person fails  and not able to earn money then people make fun
0 0 Sir, Making cbse schools participation compulsory at district level cbse sports meets will ensure that sports are taken very seriously at each cbse school and we will get a huge talent pool to select our future sports persons from
0 0 Sir cbse does cluster level games. The cluster level games are at venues which are at very far off places and cost of reaching those places is too high due to which parents  do not agree to send their children. It would be better if students could first participate at district level then the selected students could move to state level then cbse regional level then cluster level and finally national level. Participation for all cbse schools at district levels can be made compulsory.
0 0 Shabhi primary schools me kam se kam saal me  5 baar khel tournament hone chahiye Taki students me iske prati jagrukata aye Halanki pese ki kami nhi h , knowledge ki kami jisko isake madhyam se door kiya ja sakata h . ..... ........
0 0 make sports a compulsory subject in schools.we should promote  other sports apart from cricket by giving jobs to sports person,
0 0 GOI can revive and promote Indian martial arts among youth that are not widely practiced. This will help discipline the body and mind as well as promoting Indian culture and values. This will also give Indians another reason to be proud of their ancient traditions. Competitions can be held regionally and winners can be recognized nationally and serve as ambassadors for martial arts and physical fitness as well. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_martial_arts
1 0 If govt. can create an impression among youngsters that by choosing sports they are doing good to their life, only then India can utilise the potential of its youth in sports .Except the players who win medals the life of many others remain miserable. And this is the prime reason that youngsters even after playing at national level for their school are afraid to be pro in sports. Potential is already present but the govt. must create a positive impression among people abouj sports
1 0 The only way to make INDIA a sports superpower is to make the youngsters feel that there future will be good if they choose to be pro sportsperson. In our country a youngster who wants to make his life good and secured chooses to do prof. course from reputed institutions like IITs etc. even though the same person has already played at national level for his school . But he chooses otherwise because he has seen the life of sportsperson in his area's sports academy.
0 0 i am a lone researcher looking to present the govt with a sports education program that will promote genuine health & passion for sports. However i am getting absolutely no response from you. Further when i try to make the free educational videos i am asked for bribe. Thanks for nothing.
0 0 sports talent should be foundout and developed at grassroot level.Sports Institutions,Stadiums and fitness centres should be constructed in all villages.A program can be initiated "RASHTRIYA KHEL GRAM YOGANA" for this purpose.
0 0 all ipl and isl teams should be advised to start talent hunds for children of age between 5-18.
1 0 Sports education should be made compulsory in all schools.
0 1 Huge invest should be made in the sports area as that in case of defence.
0 0 Now a days our schools are not having any sports equipment, hardly there is one football and 40 to 60 players, so govt.should run the scheme for providing good quality sports equipments to schools and Associations. Normally coaches will not impart their training to any other places other than their estt.Center. so coaches will be appointed on hon.basis & they should give training at their estt.center, it means coaching centers will be opened according to coaches,  criteria should be defined.
0 0 sports governance should be escaped from the imprisonment of politics.Sports Authorities should be governed by Sports personalities itself.
0 0 There will be total control of the Govt.on the Associations right form block level. Every Association is having the politics and there are more than one associations in that particular game. At National Level One Association should be registered for that particular Game, same formula for State,District & Block level Sports Sub. should be compulsory in schools & marking system should be given for the participation in block,dist.,div.,state & National level,Sports sub. should passing criteria.
1 0 Well, remove politics, approaches and bribes to select, eliminate sport personals first of all. secondly, bring partiality to selection procedure and promote sports from a very small level. We should actually be restricting masses to avoid chaos but not loosing the talent. We're 1.21 billion in number, can't we top every sport and every game in the world. But we don't stand anywhere because of the deplorable system in this country for sports.
0 0 sports should be made compulsory in schools and colleges, its weightage in jobs should be increased  every schools and colleges should have open play ground compulsory, corruption in selections, tournaments should be totally eliminated, we have study the model of other nations also how they are treating the sports personalities ,proper vegetarian nutritional food is required for sports persons usage of drugs alcohol by players coaches judges in tournaments should be banned and viewed seriously
0 0 Sports Universities shall be opened in the 5 Zones- East, West, North, South & Central. These Universities shall be headed by Sports Personnels assisted by the Armed Forces or vice-versa. The Tribal people shall be encouraged for sports activities. Social security of jobs/business shall be provided to those who doesn't qualifies the peaks in their respective sports. Coach assistance, with Technical assistance shall be matched with World Standards. Thank you.
0 0 Govt can adopt idea of building sports schools that focus on providing opportunities and a world class sports platform for students seeking a sports-centric career.The primary reason Indians don't perform well in sports is the lack of access world class facilities and support to everyone.If govt were to overcome this problem people won't bother making a career in sports and complain about accessibility to adequate infrastructure.
0 0 India has best player's and manpower to compete any of the competition,but player's are defeat to politics of school colleges and sport's coaching center's sports officer's and sport's Teacher's Boy or Girl of rural or poor background has no future because he or she has no any recommendation  for his or her  seat in Team. If you make a strong team for any play,responsibility give to school's sports teacher to select a best team in block level and District level.
0 0 Govt. should Build sport centre for east,west,north,south,middle and north-east.select a main centre.Approve one or more exam centre for every State Govt.Take an exam in each sport category.After pass,send them to those centre and again check player performance by the top rated retired player.Select and give them full training.No politics pls.If Trained player fails to win again and again,then pls give them defence,security job or as U like but they should be given limited chance to play again.
0 0 Sir, In order to empower India in Sports,  our Government should have sports schools in abroad, USA, UK, etc., under ministry of foreign affairs have own grounds, infrastructure & lodging &boarding facility, mix Indian &foreigner coach, start selecting talented early and send, give training at there so as to have local techniques, competitions to deliver & match the talents. This will enable their body for its food,climate/environment since most of the competitions held abroad only rep. world
0 0 A program where Education is not a Criteria, But Knowledge and skill is. Start a program to recognise people at a very young age who are fit and show unique skills that can be developed into the sporting activities. make this a 10 year plan with reviews every year and monitored continuously. take care of the necessaries and well being of that young person...
0 0 adding sport is necessary in education curriculum.play ground is the main point to give permission for opening a new school.training facility with new method & equipment to every district should be necessary. govt. should increase fund. no partiality only talent is the criteria for selection.feed back to every sportsman.old players who got prizes & achievement should give there service to improve the quality.only sports person should on the game authority in organizations & associations.
0 0 Sir sports  institutes on the lines of LNCPE  trivandrum should be opened in each state
0 0 This may include videos on sporting personalities from all sport activities who have brought laurels to the country in national and international sporting events, so that the youth of the country may at least know the sporting heroes from all sports and not merely cricket. 3. Proper media coverage and highlight when any sports person wins international sporting competition whether individually or as a team event.
2 0 Media plays an important role in shaping and moulding public opinion and bringing social change and reforms. The role of the media with respect to sport should encompass: 1. The value of sport as a part of daily life. 2. Highlighting the importance of all sports uniformly and encouraging the citizens to take up sporting activities. Promotional videos for encouraging all types of sporting activities may be circulated in social media.
0 0 For providing finance to these sporting bodies, besides government, big corporate houses and NGO's should play an active role as a part of their corporate social responsibility. Sportsmen giving brilliant performance in international sporting events should be provided with better rewards, higher incentives and prizes for further encouragement.
0 0 Various inter district competitions may be organized in all sports where exceptionally performing individuals may be sent for training in 'State Sports Academy' which should preferably be located in the State Capital. They may be further trained there by former sporting icons of each particular sport for better performance in international sporting events like Olympics and Commonwealth games, World Cup championships of various sports like soccer, Thomas Cup, Uber Cup etc.
0 0 No need of too many Govt officers to scout for raw talents. Like Govt informers in  Police and intelligrnce agencies, those kind of people who are not seem, should scout for local talents in schools, open parks, gyms, atheletic performances of poor anf hungry children who do these thing for living and earning their daily bread. These could be videographed and sent to selection committee, picked up and provided all assistance and training. Winning a medal gurantee Govt job. Country gets rewards
0 0 The parents of such child should get counselling session from the teacher concerned explaining and encouraging them to make their ward a sports person and take it up as a career other than academics. Besides school, in every district there should be a 'District Sports Centre' where proper infrastructure, training and facilities for all sports including track and field events, swimming, archery, gymnastics, badminton, lawn tennis, boxing etc. may be provided.
0 0 but also theoretical classes highlighting the importance of sports in daily life and also the rules of each game. In India, today, a child hardly knows the rules of any game other than cricket. Sports as a part of school curriculum should be a mandatory part of all government schools of state and central government. If a child performs exceptionally well in any particular sport, he should be encouraged to take it up as a career and provided with all facilities.
0 0 To change this dismal scenario, a multi-pronged approach is required. To begin with, a good sports person is one who is trained from childhood. Interest in sports and sporting activities should therefore, be developed from school days. School curriculum should encourage developing a keen interest in all sports. This should not only include physical activity by way of participation in all sports like badminton, table tennis, swimming, gymnastics, hockey football etc,
0 0 This imbalance reflects in all parameters of sports development, from sports infrastructure and facilities to sports education, budget and coverage via media. While the apex body in cricket, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has surplus resources and money, most other sports bodies are cash strapped and suffer from a resource crunch.
0 0 India has always been a cricket crazy nation and this has been reflected in the performance of the country in international sporting events. Though the performance in other sports at international events like Olympics, Asian and Commonwealth Games has been reasonably good during the past few years, it has not been enough to make a lasting impression. The root cause of this problem lies in the imbalance in the development of various sporting activities in India.
0 0 Sir the inter  school sports competitions should be planned at the starting of the session by authorities and schools should be informed about the schedule in April itself so that schools can prepare their students better. Also sir the sports tournaments should be conducted throughout the year.  Currently we get only 1 sports tournament that is RGKA  that too only in December which is too less and too late
0 0 Sir the block level Rajiv Gandhi Khel Abhiyan  should be taken more seriously. The RGKA  tournament should be made a prestige  issue  for schools  by awarding best school award  to the school who wins the max medals in the tournament. Also more awareness should be spread about RGKA. also sir the organisation standards for RGKA  are very poor if RGKA  will be better organised with good facilities for participating students then definitely  it will attract more participants
0 0 Sir in villages proper  coaching staff are not there. If a qualified coach (retired sports persons can also contribute a lot) can come every Sunday for 3 hours 6 am to 9 am then definitely we can identify huge talent pool  from villages
0 0 A special cell should be created by govt. which primary focus on those children who have capability but unable to participate due to financial problem, There is lots of talent which we saw in train i think lots of Gymnastic player we find in Indian Railway.
0 0 This is a suggestion for identifying talent in sports. As proper conceptualization of a problem preconceives the solution, amongst others, a key problem lies in non-identification of talent. As such, parallel bodies should mandatorily be set-up at Block level, which are elected only by the youth between 15-25 years. These bodies should identify and nominate talented but otherwise poor youth for sporting activities; they should be allowed access to better infrastructure & later be tested.
0 0 Govt should maintaing atleast  basic infrastructures for  relevant sport activities in the country as we have seen in the CWG 2010  that we are not able to maintain proper infrastructures & millions of hard earned  money of common people  has gone in wain & we should learn from our mistakes.
1 0 Indian is country blessed with  lot of talent but there's a need to give  right direction ,for which our govt should add atleast  one sport activity in there school  curriculum  according to there interest & most importantly  there should  be a strong  statute for    maintaing the transperancy of every sport for making India a sporting super power in future .
2 0 On the lines of Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, Let One Corporate sponsor One Game using their portion of Marketing/advertising budget. Like Sahara was sponsoring Cricket, let Reliance sponsor Soccer, Tata sponsor Hockey, Birla sponsor Kabaddi etc. Like this there will be healthy competition amongst corporates and the main problem of fund-shortage for other games other than Cricket will be sorted out. Corporate also benefit by advertisement and brand building.
0 0 Need to Band the Advertisement offers to every sports persons immediately, players selection procedure to be taken by public ideas through voting, every student has to participate in any sport without fail and make it as manadatory.
0 0 There should not be any political post in national , international team selection process . Only past players should be there.
1 0 Locate Sports schools in association to other schools to children in elementary stage
0 0 The awareness should start at every level, This can happen only through a message reaching to masses that taking sports as carrier is not a bad idea. One way is that our existing achievers are to honored in extraordinary manner (not only in cricket).  Now there is a definite fear factor that no parents wants to take up chance with their children. The first option in our country is IAS, IPS, IFS etc, the last option is teaching. Getting into sports is not an option at all.
0 0 The government should seriously look that every current national player should live a decent life and so should be the responsibility of state governments.If government looks after a player in a decent manner then only the youth will try to take sport as a career for themselves and even the parents will promote their children to take sports as their career.But the government has to take a serious initiative to bring this into a reality.
0 0 The franchise should also be asked that if possible they should allow such young talent to get few tips under the players of that particular franchise this would help to instill a lot of confidence among new players.In the years to come such young children could be utilized by the particular franchise as their team member.The government should also look upon these guys seriously a ensure that they get good salary under sports quota so that their future is bright in field of sports and secure.
0 0 the sports authority organizing a particular league should have particular motives that they will attain as the league ends by directing their various franchise that what they expect from them. The franchise should be asked to get some new talents by giving them good opportunities to play with good players of the world.The franchise should get some of the very young players of under 16 age from their respective states to get training under the staff of the franchise.
1 0 Directorate of sports in ministry of defence be opened as defence has immense talent pool in sports.It can also welcome civilians with joint ventures with SAI.
0 0 Gov. can do one more thing, the sports person will choose youngsters & it is the duty of sports person to give them further training or guidance as a mentor. And salary or increment of this sports person should be depending upon quality of students he/she choose.
0 0 In additions top class coaching, competition exposures and sport science and medicine, to improve sport skill we must use Indian herbs including brahmi, shankpushpi, Gorakhmundi, almond, almond etc to get physical and mental power to grow sport spirit. These Ayurvedic herbs are known for the improvements of physical capacity to play .
0 0 If we notice the success of IPL, ISL, Pro – Kabbadi, IHL. The people are coming in numbers to watch game. It is really good. I think this is the first step, i.e.  Engaging people in sports & motivating sports person. Now the second step is, choose youngsters or students & train them. If we know, story of Tennis player Maria Sharapova, of Russia, her parents had sent little Maria at the age of 10 to USA for training. She was in USA for 6 years & at the age of 16, she comes to play Tennis.
1 0 The news paper & digital media should cover the story of all sports. In news paper, they should cover all the sports, they have to give weight age to all sports, they have to give success stories of all sports, the space of article should equal to that of Cricket. In digital media, they should arrange special 30 minutes show, same as they give information of Cricket. The point I want to mention is, give them fame, so obviously youngsters will consider them as idol. And want to become like them.
2 0 Schools only should include the physical training subject. In most of the school the P.T period is assumed as Just free time. The School in Pune "Jnana Prabodhini" ; they have the daily routine as the Upasana, studies and the concept of "Dal" which have training for various sports during school hours including worm up. Practice from the begging makes the man perfect...!! Also the facilities for the sports should be enough.
1 0 1) I think normally all the sports person gets retired at an age of 35 to 40. If we imagine the personal life of sports person, till he/she retire he/she can’t give time to his/her family & after retirement he/she has plenty of time, with no or very less income source. At the age of 35 – 40, the child of sports person would be around 10-15 years, where total cost of expansion is very high & with low income. I think gov. should improve this.
0 0 2) They should prepare pension plan or has to give retired sports person no matter he represent India or not, job security to sports person. O yes, Gov. give job to sports person, but that is only for the athlete who represents India, but what about others. And if we see film Mery Kom, we can see what kind of job offer comes to players. I think the comity who chose players should be a sports person. If sports person gets the authority to choose players, they will choose the right players.
0 0 We are already a super power but the "powers" have betrayed this nation for quite long. The basic need for any country to progress in sports is making it mandatory to have a very big school ground of its own with all the sports infrastructure provided along with professionally trained sports teacher/coach.  Also children should be given proper diet and strength training so as to excel in sports. Person handling sports should not be a politician please. Motivate sports person to win for Bharat.
0 0 respected sir,distribution of games and sports accessories at every school,college would change the mind of children,boys and girls.they would inspire internally.they would spend lot of time on field.i m sure that it would be great helpful to make drug free india ,healthy india.
4 0 Pardhan Mantri ji, I think for making India a sports superpower, SAI must issue guidelines to every school in India, for conducting a survey in their respective schools, & ask from students about there interest in sports, then make a list of students wants to opt any particular sports. Then first make an open trial in different sporting activity. After judging their talents, they (schools) select best among s them. Again conduct trial matches among s them. Further select best & do again same.
1 0 India with mroe than 125Cr people hardly scores 3-4 medals in Olympics. Sports training should be mandatory in schools. It will make children physically and mentally fit. And students with good sporting skills can also come up. Rebuild corrupt Sports Authority, AIFF, Hockey federation and bring the activities upto the lowest level of our country.
1 0 Sports training and participation should be made compulsory in all schools at primary levels, provided students are given choices of sports and must be under governance of very good trainers.
0 2 The diverse geography of India provides plentiful range to showcasing of our horses and related games and sports. The cultural variation of Horse sports would catch the fancy of travellers and tourists to India. The horses and related studies and horse sports relating to epics and history can be highlighted by our skilful people. A workforce for the related fields with required skills can be counted in crores. This is an unorganized sector with high potential waiting to be tapped.
0 1 In order for India to become a sports super-power the first thing that needs to be done is keep politicians out of sports bodies.Let the experts run the affairs of sports bodies.Sports should be part of curriculum in schools and colleges.There is a need to build more sports infrastructure in the country especially the rural areas.Above all political will is needed to make India a great sporting nation..
1 0 ( 1 ) PLEASE MAKE SPORTS / NCC / YOGA  A COMPULSORY SUBJECT IN SCHOOLS & COLLEGES-just like Maths, Science, etc. ( 2 ) SPORTS QUOTA TO BE INCREASED IN HIGHER EDUCATION & IN EMPLOYMENT. ( 3 ) ALL SPORTS PERSONS / YOGA ACTIVISTS / NCC STUDENTS, etc. TO BE GIVEN PREFERENCE IN MILITARY, POLICE, BSF, CRPF, CISF etc.. ( 4 ) MORE SPORTS UNIVERSITIES TO COME. ( 5 ) MORE & MORE SCHOOL LEVEL, INTER-SCHOOL, UNIVERSITY LEVEL, PANCHAYAT, TALUK, TEHSIL, DISTRICT, STATE & NATIONAL LEVEL EVENTS TO BE CONDUCTED VERY OFTEN. ( 6 ) ALL PARTICIPANTS TO BE REWARDED / HONOURED-which will encourage all to actively involve in sports. & yoga. ( 7 ) IN RAIL / BUS / AIR TRAVEL, etc. THESE PERSONS TO BE GIVEN QUOTA WHILE TRAVELLING OFFICIALLY /  PERSONALLY / WITH OR WITHOUT FAMILY  ALSO. Thanks, Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843, COIMBATORE ( TN ).
1 0 Students should be encouraged by offering them special marks in their subjects if the play any game.  they should be given monetary help to keep up their sports.  They should be encouraged to take up sports.
2 0 JUST like we Have an Ex-Service men Quota we need Ex-Sports-men quota in Govt jobs. It must be more easier for them to reach a Govt officer or avail documents like Passports thereby gain respect. APart from these India is gifted with Negroids in Kutch, Tribals in Odisha & N.E of others, S.T class Exclusively to be awarded a "Special privilege to be a part of any National Indian Athletic Academy for 2 years after age 18. During when they can Participate in any National Tournament Fully for FREE.
0 0 Ensure that all the sporting greats of our country visit the nook and corner of the land and share their experiences, sacrifices and hardwork to motivate the youths to sports.
0 0 Government can take all the steps that matter for popularising sports and proceeding in its objective of making the country a sports super power but sports and games donot prosper on such steps and incentives alone but when a child is given the freedom to put his heart and soul in the sport he loves and the space to dream big. Parents and elders can play the most crucial and defining part in the child’s pursuit and be a source of constant inspiration.
0 0 Politicians should never be a part in sports administration and politics should never be allowed in the administration. We donot have to copy the sports curriculum or structure of sporting powers but embrace their deep attachment and love for sports. We should revive our traditional games and sports. Healthy mind is important to build a healthy nation. The spirit of sports should be imbibed by individuals and not just harp on its professionalism.
1 0 In most of the towns there used to be some parks or grounds or other public places where public and children used to come for walking or playing purposed. In those places some volunteers like retired PET masters or some sports persons from the different departments can be put up for guidance to the children who come there for playing. The government can pay some honorarium so that the guide can feel encouraged and do his best. At first instance this can be practiced at district HQ where stadiums
0 0 In sports we have to concentrate first of all on girls. We have to invest maximum of our money and time on women. We have to understand there are very less competition in case of women in comparision of men even on olympic level. China have the sports policy based on girls. They have provided their every possible facility to the girls and as a result they sweeped 44 women gold medals in Beijing olympic games out of 51 golds. With help of which they topped on the medal talley. There are many talented girls in sports in every village of our country. But due to small thinking of people, lack of facilities, lack of coaching staff, pressure of house work, lack of peesons who give them confidence and guidence and many other factors they can't go forward of them. If any of them goes to play, they are not selected in teams and preferance is given to urban girls because they have grown and played in better facilities
2 0 Every school and college (Govt. & Private) should have sports period of 1hr 4times in a week. Teachers & parents should encourage the student at the sports. But now a day all parents and teachers are giving force on study. And also day by day our play ground is becoming shopping mall, apartment, road, temple etc. So there is no space to play outdoor game. Govt. should focus on it.
0 0 In childhood (1967-75) I made friends & play, in adolescence (1976-84) I played games with  friends, seniors and participated events, during early youth (1985-94) I continue it and helped younger in learning. Then the realization of Rupee came. I could manage to get a private job....I continue with it and seldom able to devote my time in sports. If more than 70% of people in this country are engaged in private/unorganize sector - without security-es, leisure for higher thoughts, how come it be ?
0 0 1. Sport bodies must be headed only by past sports persons who understand the intricacies, investments, efforts and emotions that go into and are required for developing world beating sorting skills 2. Encourage more profession Leagues like HIL, IPTL etc so that sports persons get exposure to international players and financing.
0 0 Charity begins at home- unless and until parents are convinced that sports is also a career , by which their children can make a living. India cannot become a sports super power. A system has to be put in practice so that we spot talent at school level, train them at world class facilities and nurture them. It hardly matters who is heading a sports body, he or she should be capable . Their tenure should be maximum of 4 to 8 years. This way nepotism can be avoided.
0 0 make the sports bodies out of bound - for politicians, the one who have performed, won medals internationally & nationally, have been decorated with sports medals, the appropriately trained personnel viz B Ped & M Ped, should only sitting in the sports bodies & Schools, colleges etc. NO POLITICIAN.
0 0 Include sports in curriculum, every day 30 minutes of athletics (mon,thurs), Indoor (tues,fri) & team sports (wed & saturday), through the week. the benefits are, 1. better fitness of students, all round development. 2. better integration among students ( the future of our country, we indians are good as individuals & poorer as team). 3. better performance in studies, too. 4. this formulae can easily be applied in resource crunch settings as in our country.
0 0 Step 2: Also i think we as a country will have to define 'Sports Super Power'- Does it mean bagging more medals in Olympics and other regional and global games; does it mean improving the overall health of the average Indian child- what do we mean when we say a Sports Super Power?
0 0 Steps To be taken to make India a Sports Super Power: Step 1: The central govt should announce a particular year as 'Sports Year'- wherein all institutions in the country will give special focus on encouraging sports. To talk about this in the same breadth as World Yoga Day would not be a bad idea. Yoga is a kind of sport.
0 0 To our Respected Prime Minister Sir Modi. Your Honour I Tarun Ramnani would like to volunteer my self for the people of Manipur Hills, to select the best of players, in all sports feild they are the best sportsman and women, but their talent is not coming in open as no one wants to hold their hands and show them the right path if we provide a good complex and facilities as couches traines we will get the world champion s out of it, please give me task to achive this goal, with your blessings
0 0 sabse pehle to hame ground level par focus karna chahiye,kyonki jyadatar bacho ko sports ke bare me maloom hi nahi hai ki world me kitne khel hai jo ham khel sakte hai aur agar maloom bhi hai to unhe guide karnewala koi nahi hai.to hame pehle har jagah pe sports campaign karke jyada se jyada youth ko sports me involve karke unhe achhe guide karna chahiye aur unko aisi place provide karni chahiye jahan wo apne andar chhuoe hue hunar ko bahar nikal paye
0 0 sportsperson ko khana aur rahene ki achi jagah honi chahiye.vaha bhi sportsperson ko hi dekhrekh ka jimma dena chahiye.sports activitis me sportsperson ki niyukti kahibhi nahi hai.jab sportsperson sports ko alvida karta hai to uski postting sports ke filed me hi honi chahiye,taki bahetar sportsperson bharat ko milenge.
1 0 1. The associations that run the sport need a overhaul. We need administrators who care more about sportsperson than their position. 2. Proper support for sportspersons. While Govt. is doing enough, they should bring in corporates to sponsor them. 3. Each coach has his own way of training, there has to be uniformity. 4. Set up CoE's in places where the particular sports in popular. 5. Make use of all the facilities in every SAI centre, as a lot of it are unused. 6. Pay the athletes well.
1 0 "Catch them young" and then groom them with best coaches and proper sports sciences facilities should be the aim to make India a Sports Superpower..
6 0 First remove Govt.control but extend full Govt. support to an "Autonomous Body" formed with the help of eminent sports personnel. Let search group select budding future sports persons and then give them extensive training using national/international coaches.Wait for results.
0 0 Players should be given better sports facilities and incentives so that talented players are attracted towards sports.The government owes them this from a long time......
0 0 The  coaches , trainers  ans  sports academies  are mere sitting  idle  and  are  only  ready  to get pay but  on their part nothing  is  being  done  to explore to trace  out best persons  who can be  proved themselves as a medal winning sportsman/ woman. They should have  been assigned  the job to make hunt to trace  out suitable stuff so they can be  trained  in the  particular  stream to assure the best results  after  proper training on the  govt  expenses, as being  done  in CHINA.
0 0 Tribes  of  high altitude are best suited to sprints, long races, What talent  hunt is needed, as the  sports officers,  and  authorities are hardly   bothered about this  aspect as these areas  are   remained  cut off for   7 to 9 months in a year. Special hunt  to trace  out  the fittest guys  are to be carried out. I assure you  that it will give  us some very good  athletes as the people   of these  areas  r used 2 live where  oxygen is so low and I too have  served   in such condition.
0 0 First and formost sports is an integral part of an education it has to be made compulsory for all students in all walks of life. Each human of the country should be bracketted in different age groups for eg. 5-10, 11-16, 17-21, 21onwards, offcourse sr citizens 60 & above. Now there should be team of each group and competition should be organised village level, teh level, Distt level, state level, national level. At each level there should be cash awards and medias both electronic and print medi
0 0 sportsmen as admins,proper scientific training, well equipped practice grounds,monetary benefits/sports quota jobs,catch them young,compulsory sports in schools,lots of competition,
0 0 Make a task force for identifying talent in all schools. The members should be sports persons or coaches and should not be from the same area as there will be a chance of favoritism. Keep sports competition open for all participants and not those chosen by the school administration only. Personal benefit is killing our sports. It needs a total administration revamp. The total system needs a overhaul. If need be bring foreign coaches and administrators who will not be prone to local politics.
0 0 Identifying talents in very young age. District level sports administration are corrupted and eating the funds allocated for players thus giving poor attention. Central ministry should involve intensively in providing centralized infrastructure facilities for all state capitals for all sports. State level associations should be abolished who form syndicate in allocated funds. Special recognition to sport person encourages them. Good Indian trainers to be linked to talented and fine tune them.
0 0 Primary schools should introduce students to various sports and games and then a skill evaluation should be conducted prior to high school level when they can choose one at which they are best.this should be compulsory. Retired sports men and women should be employed in their respective fields rather than offering them jobs in other govt services. They should be paid well with incentives if their trainees perform well. This will create employment opportunities+ improve our sports talent.
0 0 Govt. should compulsary put sports subject in study and give knowledge all sports like basic and new sports.. Open New all in one ground where all sports play in one ground in different time...
0 0 Sports should be made compulsory in all Schools .Schools duty should be to hire professional coaches/teachers/motivators to spot the boys/girls from an early age.Govermnents should have an office city or district wise to montor the schools and the sports students.Infact Government can hire ot take services of private players who are experienced in sports development.One thing whoever is working on this should be paid properly.No corruption and favortism should be tolerated by the Government.
1 0 Everything is possible if we have strong willpower, determination & support. Build necessary infrastructure. All politicians who are holding position in sport bodies/federations should vacate in favor of competent person, sportsperson. Govt should remove & ban politicians from sports bodies with immediate effect.
0 0 Change our educations system, encourage students to choose rather than force them, incentivise sports participation, shift focus towards overall development including sports in students rather than making them book worms. Make grounds, encourage parents to be supportive. Job creation for sportsmen in large numbers. Make sports more affordable.
0 0 establish infrastructure at village level change education system all to a simplified manner so as to encourage studentsto participate in sports and getting fitness. do not allow selfish fellows in sports boddies. let everything be transperent with the help of media. media persons should be allowed at all decisions except in defence critical decisions. explore all black money to divert some of the funds to sports
0 0 all sport bodies should be run by retired sports persons only.
0 0 WE HAVE TO CLOSE SEVERAL SCHOOLS WITHOUT A PLAY GROUND.SEVERAL SCHOOLS DO NOT HAVE A PLAY GROUND SPECIALLY PRIVATE INSTTUTIONS WHICH ARE OPERATED FROM CLOSED BUILDING AND THE CHILDREN ARE DEVOID OF PHYSICAL EXERCISE AND PLAY HOURS. PHYSICAL EXERCISES AND OUT DOOR GAMES MAKE CHILDREN FIT MENTALLY & PHYSICALLY  TO SERVE THE NATION IN ANY FIELD.TALENTED CHILDREN MAY BE PICKED UP FROM SCHOOL ITSELF BY A DISTRICT LEVEL COMMITTEE AND NURTURED TO BECOME A SUPER PLAYER AND BRING CHEERS TO THE NATION.
0 0 1. Allot a subject called 'Games and sports' in school where students can take up one or two 'game or sport'. Allot teaching periods(theory and practice) and marks to these like all compulsory subjects. Scholarship/Job/higher training guarantee for for toppers in this subject. 2. Spreading awareness among parents that sports doesn't kill a student's academic life. Rather it brings discipline and fitness with it. 3. Modern training facilities in every city so that sportsmen can upgrade skills.
0 0 In the recent years we have witnessed many leagues in various sports in our country and in terms of their reach out to people they were quite successful.But i believe these leagues should be organised with a motive that what are we going to achieve as the league gets completed.For example if a hockey league(HIL) is organised then the hockey association should have some targets for them which will aid the condition of that particular sports for our country.
0 0 Free sports bodies from politicians, sycophants and fiefdoms. Remove these pests from sports administration right from primary school to international arena. Believe me, the rot starts too early. Talent is suppressed for petty gains such as sports quota in jobs etc. Professionals are overshadowed by sycophants. Unless we sow quality seeds, how can we expect glittering gold..
0 0 I like to share my view regarding steps to be taken towards development of sports culture, First  we should make Sports Authorities free from politicians/non Sports person.It should be headed by Olympics Medalist/World cup team member.No foreign coach needed.Coaches should be from India only.Make sports selection impartial.Selected Players should be paid Stipend and govt should take liabitily,then only the free mind of sportsman will emerge as winner it should be
6 1 Sports should be encouraged, right at the school level. Every Lok Sabha Member must be made responsible for sport infrastructure in his constituency. For sports, wherein we do not have much talent, foreign coaches must be encouraged at all levels. IPL style tournaments must be started for each major sports (That will make the sport financially viable, for many who do not make it to the top)
0 0 There is need Sports administrators at all levels who are apolitical.  Separate course could be introduced at college level as a career.
0 0 First starting with govt schools all the sports events should be planned in such a way that their academic progress should not be disturbed. The general treand is the students good at sports are lagging behind their academic carreer.Rather this is a general trend in an average parents discourage their wards to participate in sports events. This is becoz the academic progress not taken care All the physical education teacher s should  be given a task of preparing at least five studentsnatio
0 0 Phase 1: a. Start a sports academy which is run and administered by the military similar to a military training academy under the leadership of an operations commander. b. Scout for sports talent among all the young recruits in the defense services. c. Send them to military sports academy and train them with the objective of winning medals in the next Olympics. Phase 2: a. Start more sports academies along the military academy model. b. Recruit sports talent from highschools around the country.
2 0 1.Start an academy to train coaches of all disciplines.Hire  experts from around the world to train'em how to bring out the best in players. 2.Choose world class coaches.Provide facilities, equipment & support staff they desire.Give a time frame of at least 5yrs. Access them on results and player feedback & not on feedback from federation officials. 3.Choose 5 disciplines we wish to excel in & start an academy in each sport with 100 of the best junior players in India and coach them thoroughly.
1 0 I am a primary teacher in MCD now called SDMC in Delhi. I am coaching different games like Volleyball, Throwball, Kho-Kho and Athletics from last 16 years. Many of my students have played National games. Now I want to ask that if we develope sports culture from primary level we'll get definite results. Schools should be rated on their games performance. Teachers should be motivated to grow players either by rewarding or by making strict rules. Proper grounds and equipments should be provided....
1 0 Remove corruption and favouritism in selection of players. Rest will automatically follow.
0 1 We have to train students from KG level in sports items.
1 1 Impaartial selection of players. No political interference. Talents search right from the age of 10 years are the key suggestions for improvement of sports superpower in our country
1 0 12. Rich and famous sports persons to b pursued to set up coaching centres in rural villages with govt. help. 13. Govt to adopt talented children from the beginning and help them achieve their goal. 14. Govt to set up an institution where spotted children to groomed to become a great sportsman. thanks. S K Mahato
1 0 6. In rural areas / tribal areas sports related to their custom / resources should b encouraged. 7. Periodic events to b held and winners to b given schlorships to make career in sports. 8. Talent search to b done in every village / school. 9. Equipments to b made available to sportsman. 10. online data of all competition to b kept for central monitoring and evaluation. 11. Ex sports persons to visit villages to encourage and spot hidden talents in the soil.
1 0 Dear Respected PM ji, following are the measures to b taken: 1. No political person to be at helm of any sports organization or body at any level. 2. set up sports development units in every block & pachayat level in a district. 3. Block Sports development officers and school headmasters to b made responsible to give result at year end. 4. every school must have proper facilities for sports facilities. 5. Every school in a Block should b given one or two sports event to master in.
1 0 Following steps can be taken : 1) making first class sports equipment available ..especially in all rural areas.  Rural areas have potential but sports is something that hasn't yet reached here 2) improvement of selectors and government sport agencies . Fair selections , equal and fair treatment of players 3) sport as a career. Boosting the idea of sports as a career. Also promoting supporting sport careers such sports management . No world class sport management courses are available
1 0 Instead of wasting money on the schemes for sports promotion, grant salaries of L D Clerks to those who get first place in authorized state meets (school, college or others) and grant increments on every such win. Continue salary till they qualify for such meets and then grant them pension, at least the minimum for the scales. In national meets, they may be given Section Officer scale and for international meets All India Civil Service scales with the benefit of pension as said above.
1 0 Following steps can be taken.1. Only honest and able players should be selected,there should be complete end of favouritism.The coaches and selectors should be experts.3.Corporate houses should be involved to participate in all other games other than cricket.4.Sporting culture should be encouraged right from school level.5.Government should intervene to respect the identity of players,it should stand with the players when unfair is done in various international events,(Sarita devi case) is a example.6,Please respect and help those players who once brought honour to country are now living in miserable condition.7.Build excellent facilities and stop all form of corruption which discourages growth of sports in India.
0 0 1) removal of politicians and political persons from all sports bodies & authorities and only concerned players should head the sports organisation,2) sports training mandatory for all school childrens of course those who are interested,3) form small academies across india for different sports in different parts of india and nurture different talents in different sports through experienced coaches and sports professionals.4) Govt should formulate National Sports policy andallocate budget support
0 1 1) Impart compulsory-military-training of youth at college / university level 2) Begin sports-schools & make it compulsory for children to enroll in them 3) Divert the existing disproportionate focus from cricket to other sports 4) Provide world-class-sports-equipment for training at govt-schools, sports-complexes, etc 5) Increase pay of sportspersons
1 0 Popular Channels or Government Channel Should broadcast the telecast of lesser known sports.there are some events in olympic that we even dont know the name of... Talent hunt for these kind of sports need to be done in rural areas...and infrastructure for sports like golf and gymnastics needs to be provided in those areas..performance of participants from smaller villages in athletics in recent past suggest same.. Success to Indian super league (Football)& Pro kabbadi league suggests the same
1 0 THEN MANY GOOD PLAYER IN OUR TOUCH WE LIKE TO PLAY AT MANY PLACE LIKE OUR MANAGEMENT IN RAJSTHAN AND OTHER DISTRICT IN M.P. BUT WE HAVE NO SPORT AND WE ARE IN FINANCE LOSS SO WE STOPPED THE CONSPECT SO OUR REQUEST THAT PL Z CREATE THIS TYPE PUBLIC MANAGEMENT AT PUBLIC INTEREST IN A RIGHT DIRECTION AT OUR HAND THEN WE FOUND MANY GOOD PLAYER IN MINIMUM INVEST.
1 0 RESPECTED PM MODI JI IF WE LIKE THAT WE MAKE INDIA SPORT SUPER POWER THEN WE WORK BY PUBLIC BASE AND PUBLIC HAND BUT SUPERVISION BY RETIRED ARMY OFFICER BECAUSE IN OUR SPORT AUTHORITY SYSTEM WAS VERY CORRUPT AND RELATION BASE(LIKE BHAI-BATIJA VAD SYSTEM )SO REAL SPORT MAN NOT REACH THE RIGHT LABEL BECAUSE MANY SUPER SPORT MAN BELONG TO VERY PURE FAMILY. SIR I M ALL READY MAKE A CONCEPT IN 1999 THAT I M MAKE A CRICKET TEAM AT MORENA DISTRICT LABEL SO I M ARRANGE MANY EVENT THAN MANY GOOD
0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister, There being no shortage of talent in the country we only need to harness the same and not keep frittering it. The following is suggested : - 1. Disband all existing sports bodies the way you have disbanded the Planning Commission.  2. Immediately create new bodies for each sport . 3. Sports bodies should not be under the control of bureaucrats and politicians , this will ensure least interference by these two categories .4. Each sports body should be fully autonomous.
0 0 Dear Modi ji, If you want to progress in Indian sports take some action. 1. Compulsory subject- sports ad in school level. 2. Give reservation in all jobs like st,sc,obc,sports. 3. Make a rule for private company regarding sports, they will not calming any subsidy if they will not make a sports team.
0 0 in india sports is considered as just time-pass and not looked at it as professional level. except cricket no other games are given highlights. STOP CRICKET for 5 years and all other sports will emerge, because cricket has grown enough
0 0 1.ENCOURAGE ALL SPORTS AND ENSURE SOLID PYRAMID HIERERCHY STRUCTURE AT BASIC LEVEL WITH COSTLY PRIZES AND CAREER SECURE BASED ON PERFORMANCE. 2.FOCUS ON TO BECOME BEST 3 IN THE WORLD OF SPORTS THEREBY IMPARTING SPECIAL COACHING AND NUTRITION ADDING VALUE TO IT. 3.SECURE PLATFORM FOR THOSE WHO ARE NEXT TO ACHIEVERS WITH EMPLOYMENT BASED ON PERFORMANCE . 4.MORE NO. OF COACH AND TRAINING CENTERS WITH BETTER INFRASTRUCTURE FROM SCHOOL LEVEL. 5.HEALTH CUM MENTAL STRENGTH BY BETTER NUTRITION DIET.
1 0 In India : in any sports ( except cricket ), there is no good basic facility & guidance available for participants. And also No scope of earning at all. And hardly any parents able to bear their expense, so all one consider sports as time pass activity, so can't choose Sports as career .. In short - improve this : do these things : 1) Improve Basic facility at each state 2) Call PPP model to Boost it 3) Bear expense of participates & later Ensure Good Income for good participants to boost it.
0 0 save our young generation from social viruses for making super power
0 0 There specific locations where genes are available for sports like South kerala, coorg, North East and some districts of Punjab. In such hot spots, we should initiate organizations for specific sports events under leadership of an accomplished coach, like PT USHA is doing.
0 0 Minister of sports should be an accomplished international figure who should be given budget and a target of getting 25 Gold medals in Olympics. No politician or a business man never part of sports. Many sports require encouragement to participate in sports. We should select great individuals from the grassroots  and in case they fail to achieve they should be given job as coach or employment in army or police.. Families do not encourage sports because they do not see an earning opportunity.
0 0 Idea of "Sports as a Career Option" needs to be popularized. Remove fear from parents mind for child's future and see. A few steps ensuring a smooth future for sportsmen will change the game. India will be super power for sports!
0 0 The best move which can change the face of Indian sports is to get sportsman in the sports ministry. When we have people like Sachin , Rajyavardhan Rathore  in the parliament, then why govt. hire people from political background to run this particular ministry and ya if government can bring a forum where sports talent is been recognized then we can see a change. In last 5-6 years, Indian sports have got support form corporate companies, which in one way is good for sports as well as for country.
1 0 Two things needs to be done 1. Parents shy away from putting their children into sports because of little career opportunities that remain in case the child is not able to be among top 10 in the country for that particular sport. This worry needs to be addressed. If this is done more and more parents will encourage their children to go for Sports as career. 2. Sports facilities needs to be provided.
1 0 central Government should open sports academy in each an every state in India and that academy should involve in every school and sports club and they have to choose best players for each and every games  and send them to sports university of central government . A high label training should be given to those players for Olympic and international games , this way India will be increased strength in sports and increase our medal tally in Olympic and international sports.
1 0 y shold not d government take some steps to stop the politicians frm entering the sports management ....accrdng to me sports management should bv given to d sports persons nly... they can knw better abt it...
1 0 Start Sport schools for orphans with all Olympic and other games at least 1 in a state . School shall start education asap, Free boarding and quality food should be provided free of cost to students. I said school shall be for orphans because they will get home and contribute their 100%. VISION of school "25 Olympic gold in 2030" it is a long term investment
0 0 My suggestion is first the sport, All players representing our country should have had 10000Hrs(ten thousand hours) of practise before entering any tournament.I believe it is the golden rule in my opinion, if a player has done this I am sure all support will follow looking at his performance & spirit.
0 0 Remove all sporting authorities and make a fund and announce that share of that will be given to winners. So if the amount is 1000 crores you are spending on authorities each year, say for every Olympic gold medalist 10 or 20 crores will be given. you are removing bureaucracy from the system and the money is directly going to winners who really deserve it. The government’s role is just to provide good stadium and infrastructure.
2 0 Remove politicians from important posts of SAI.
1 0 Teachers are the building bricks of nation, govt should recruits good coaches for every sports in every school and colleges ,
2 0 Having such a huge population, ranking 2nd in the world, Our population  should be our strength  , it should  be considered  as we are having a huge human resources. Through several modes of advertisements, every sports should get advertised . Following the dream of swami vivekanand, "without playing ground no such housing/society plans should get licensed from government.
1 0 Ok for sports what we mostly want is to make awaremess and facilities.which can be possible through the govt investment because in countries like ours common public dont have enough money they can spend on the sports equipments .so govt.has to make investment and facilities of sports everywhere to easily available. And ofcourse inter level contest and priceses to be encouraged.
1 0 Indeed India is far behind at Olympic stage as compare to China and others country , to make improve in our sports government should start campaigning from school label as many of hidden talent are not able to come in front due to less scopes. Its time to improve our national label game and it should interesting for all Indian , many of the people able to know when it happens . Each game should have special organization and international coaching should have required to that particular game .thk
0 0 We need is a Paradigm Shift. Needed Changes are 1. FAIR & COMPETENT (in subject matter) ADMINISTRATORS who understand that THERE IS NO I IN THE TEAM 2. GOAL SETTING for each administrator directly related to the current status of sports 3. TRAINING FACILITIES - At least one in each state 4. CATCH THEM YOUNG - Pick the raw potential at school levels 5. COMPREHENSIVE & CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE is a must for player selection 6. COMPETITIVE BENCHMARKS should be set for player selection.
0 0 Our schools dont have proper infrastructure. No access to various sports. No encouragement to go ahead with certain sport. Our teachers are not capable to coach students properly about sports. Apart from cricket,no other sport is encouraged. At local level,coaching should start so students can learn and decide. We can produce the best players in each sport. Just proper facilities needed. G
1 0 Most of Indian students normally faces a very famous proverb , i.e "padhe likhe hue nabab, khele kude hue bekar" esp in the rural areas. First of all the mentality of parents should be changed. And the second point which govt can implement is that, "there should be a different format of question paper (comparatively easy) for the national, regional  and cluster level sports winners from their childhood". "such as our academic exams , on the similar way there should be sports exam also in school
0 0 The land of Shiva and Krishna, the dream of the Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi, the nursery of temple and mosques is inside my country. India, the biggest democracy and one of the oldest civilisations of the world is the second most populous country into the world, after chain. Indians are courteous people. India has very old relation in sport whether it is from Ramayana times to the modern time all include sports in many form like war, practice etc. Sports are very good physical exercise. contd.
1 0 There must be a college in each state which provides graduation degree in sports..so that no parent can say "khlega hi to kamayega kya" based on sports quota jobs must be increased and former players must be encouraged to train juniors so that no Milha Singh has to cry again. Sports training should be started from school days. Political interference should be reduce to minimum.
1 0 Introduce a central rating systems for all sports - school to international- and have the website open to all. Every time one participates, the ranking changes. This should be the only mechanism for selections to any team. Experts in each sport should define the rating system, Central govt should manage the rating and portal. This way person in remotest part will be visible and selections will be on pure merit.
1 0 Popularizing sports will be a blessing in disguise for our country facing numerous problems ,especially insurgency, fundamentalism, terrorism etc.Remote and tribal s need special attention which will not only keep them in mainstream but the country will surely get better athletes to boost its image in international forums. Initiatives like ISL should be welcomed in different sports, eg Hockey, VolleyBall, Basket Ball etc
0 0 Political interfere should be zero coaching facilities should be provided international exposure for swimming events at mgmo shivaji park dadar should be there its swimming should be encouraged since facilities of swimming pool is there there should be will then there is way if you want I can voluntarily help in making swimming as an international event I want india should win 10 to 18 gold medals in Olympics and this is possible only by encouraging swimming as sports give me an opportunity and
0 0 Swimming as sports should be encouraged in mumbai especially international sporting events should be organised at mgmo shivaji park dadar students doing swimming should be provided with sufficient timming to practice swimming nutritional help should be provided coaching facilities should be provided timming for swimmers should be increased inter school then inter pool & inter state & national competition should be held at mgmo shivaji park dadar mumbai
0 0 Simple enough: Remove bureucracy, promote meritocracy. A final body of eminent people should take the final round as practicals to ensure that only able and competent people are getting in. Besides, make everything online so that all corruption can be gotten rid of. Create awareness and reward the sportsperson adequately but not like cricket where they become crorepatis in just 2-3 years. This thing would breed corruption and must be avoided.
0 0 opportunity to express my view but my only concern is that it should be implemented I have being writing mails request but of no use hope this forum will do something students from schools should take up sports as compulsory subject and adequate coaching and nutritional facilities should be provided like for example in my case I have encouraged my son for swimming but I have to manage his swimming fees coaching fees travelling and top of it no adequate timming in mgmo shivaji park dadar pls help
0 0 What I am suggesting can generate a couple of Olympic medals in five years.  The idea is as follows- Have a city wise race for rickshaw pullers.  The idea is similar to the reality based Hollywood film-"Million dollar arm"  India has a core competence in cycling and specially endurance cycling since we have lakhs of rickshaw pullers all over the country.  The event could culminate in national finals and the best 10 rickshaw pullers be recruited for further training..
0 0 What we need to do is make the sports properly available in school level with proper facilities. If there is no ground then we can use the roof of school for indoor games. There should be group of school to use common facilities centres where ever it is available. Such as Ground of one school, games teacher available in school, Indoor facilities available school to be clubbed together. And sports oriented students should be given loop to practice it.
0 0 Get the help of experts in each field i.e. ex players and get then to the management folds, give them free hand to operate and tell ministers to cooperate with then and not make them cooperate with ministers. Put up quarterly annual national camps (4 camps per year) and catch the talent young and raw. Give them facilities from that time only and also give them rebate in studies like easy passing criteria. This will need some investment but is worth it.
0 0 games should be play as game not for getting the job in sport kota. Sport is not a career in india.We (gov.) should develop the sport as a life long service.for this tournament like IPL (cricket) should be organized in other sports. Sports facilities will be available from the junior level i.e. kindergarten school so the children took interest in other sports also except cricket and take that sport as his\her career. thanks
0 0 Untill and unless teacher / coach is not got involved nothing will happen,being a member of a team which participated upto all india level and son of a teacher cum coach i think that some percentage of money earned by players be given to their coaches whom they declare their coach down to school level.Parents bribe coaches to get heir ward into teams who are otherwise not best ,if coach knows that a good player in the long run may be a cash machine for him he will choose only right boy.
0 0 There is plenty of talent in remote areas and villages across the country. As talent for every game depend upon the physical and physiological capacities of evry child. Accordingly talent for different games can be identified from various geographical belts of india and then nurture them through scientific trading and coaching. This also requires good infrastructure and sports equipment. As talent expert I have worked in different areas of india including tribal and hilly areas iand with potenti
0 0 selection shall be fare, have no partiality in selection, selection shall be door to door and whole over India.when we will achieve faithfully and get strong sportsman.
0 0 Sir cricket is given more importance in our country &we have world class cricketers but other sports and games must not be sidelined.In schools during the hour allotted for sports (known as PT hour)students should be given the opportunity to play different games under the supervision of a sports teacher so that their talent can be spotted. such students can be given intensive training .This was done in our school and many students won prizes in district and state level with limited facilities
0 0 Investment in infrastructure, people and eradicating community/caste hogging on to a sport in any state..this will improve sports. for example in madurai there is only one ground for the entire city where public can go and play!! (this was created by MGR who passed away 30 yrs ago) get the best coached to the grass root levels not to IPL,ITPL, ISL etc., which is only there for TV.. real change will happen if the initiative is done in grass root levels.. with the complete change in the set up..
0 0 very less space to really share anything.. 500 characters.. is not right.. anyways for starters all companies with a turnover of more than 200 crores must pay a sports tax of 0.5% and CSR percentage can be brought down. this way there will be money to improve sports infrastructure plus most importantly have a pension scheme (annual) for sports persons who have represented india in olympics and commonwealth. this must not be performance based it will help each and everyone who have represented us
0 0 MyFather was a sportsman par excellence at dCollege,University & UPState.He was Captain 4Cricket,Hockey,Football &Atheletics in Univ & later played Cricket 4 N.Rlys as Captain.He used 2 RUN 100m in 11.2 sec & 200m in 23.4sec in 1950s.His records r still in Univ recordbks.But HE never encouraged us 2 enter sports -WHY?..It is b'coz of dirty'Politics' & non transparency in our Sports culture.We need 2 Introspect & act on this aspect before making available any world standard Facilities 2 our sport
0 0 hi friends ! I just want to share some of my views with you. For example : Service Tax Its a important source of income for any country and also  every organisation used to escape to pay the correct service tax. I think the service industries which is collecting the service tax from any of customer they need to pay to govt. on same day or next day after that some code no. should be provided to complete that customer job work. Now am requesting to all of you to give your comments on this ..
0 0 We have so many organisations like...Railways, BSF, IAF, Navy Army, CRPF etc etc. How about making each organisation responsible to produce a world class team in one particular game. I see that each organisation spends its sports budget allocation on all games and as such fall short. By concentrating on one game they will able to use all their sports budget on the game which can even give them finances to go out and practice and compete
0 0 Simply keeping the politics away and regulating the associations can make a significant change in our sports.  Talent and hard work are not enough to be a sportsperson in India, one has to get through politics,corruption, back entry and much more. Give them financial security as most of  them are poor and using it only to get job. Teach everyone GYMNASTICS right from school level as it is the basic for almost all kind of games. Make it part of education system and free  of cost. Jai hind...
0 0 India can be a sport superhouse if * We create institutions of sports in each and every state with PROPER facilities not typical government institutions. *If we have proper trainers and equipments for fitness. *Famous personalities to coach the players. *Granting 1-2℅ to students who do exceptionally well in sports. *For God sake, Their should be proper governance and transparency for sports development otherwise we will have another Suresh Kalmadi in making. *Nation wide call is imp.
0 0 There is a great talent and stamina in the DNA of our tribal population.Enough measures should be taken to tap that.Also in order to be successful the contribution of women should also be taken in to account
0 0 In order to become a super power in sports a sports culture should be laid among the school children and a transparent corrupt free grass root identification and development program should be implemented.This is a great initiative as sports along with education and internet will bring people of our nation together irrespective of caste and religion.Also it will be suicidal if we think the programs and plans implemented for the mission will or should bring immediate success.
0 0 Hindustan can again be the super power in sports as it was in the ancient, we ware having all the super sports persons like Arjuna, bhima, parsuram etc. They were far ahead in respective vidyas like archery etc. We can rebuild that culture again only with spiritual weaponry, I am having the deep study on that subject and can lead the program. Looking forward to develop the sporty Hindustan.
0 0 INDIA HAS BEEN MAKING STEADY PROGRESS IN THE FIELD OF SPORTS. THIS IS VERY CORRECT. WE CAN BRING TO THE FOREFRONT OF OUR SPORTS FIELD MUCH MORE TALENTED CHILDREN IN THE COMING FUTURE BY GIVING THE ESSENCE OF VARIOUS GAMES AND TRACK EVENTS TO THEM RIGHT FROM THEIR SCHOOL CLASSES. OUR SPORTS CULTURE SHOULD BE GIVEN A LITTLE BIT BACKUP, AND EDUCATION SHOULD BE INTEGRATED ALONG THE PATH OF THE USUAL CURRICULUM WITH SPORTS, AND SPORTS MEDICINE SUPPORT SHOULD BE GIVEN AT MUCH LOWEST PRICES. THANK YOU.
0 0 India can become a sports superpower when all the politicians and major Industrialists must be asked to quit the sports associations and these associations must be controlled by only eminent personalities of sports only. Males and Female infants must be trained at school level by the trained sports persons as per the choice of infants of a particular sport only. Healthy diet and other expences must be born by the government. In schools all the sports facilities must be available for children.
0 0 Sports association should operates and controlled by the eminent sports persons only not by any politicians or any industrialist. our country need very strong sports policy and mandatory fitness programs right from the KG level. all the teachers all responsible for the fitness and wellness of the kids which will help us to establish sports culture in the country. scientific high performance training should be available with best sports training facility will lead us for the Olympic gold.
0 0 HIDDEN TALENTS ARE REQUIRED TO BE IDENTIFIED IN THE REMOTEST PLACES IN OUR COUNTRY. SPORTS MUST BE INCULCATED AS A WAY OF LIFE IN ALL SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES AND ADEQUATE WEIGHTAGE MUST BE GIVEN TO THE SAME LIKE OTHER SUBJECTS SO AS TO CHANGE OVERALL OUTLOOK AND APPROACH OF ALL PEOPLE TOWARDS SPORTS. IT IS ONLY THEN POSSIBLE THAT TALENT CAN BE IDENTIFIED FROM YOUNG AGE. EFFORTS MUST BE MADE TO ERADICATE CORRUPTION IN SPORTS FROM ALL PLACES.
0 0 i feel you have spot them at young age.Children in small town and villages have tremendous potential.we have to build sport universities for them where they are trained from young age
0 0 Its a long term process, have to provide more open ground & club house for Outdoor/Indoor Games & give daily period for any games to every schools, rather than giving lecture in close room with A.C...
1 0 We solved and improved in every sector.but  don't compromise with the health of child..........good diet and good teacnic with the good observation we solve this.. Thank you, MEENU ARORA. PRESIDENT OF MID WAY..
1 0 Who can find this telant from child this observation test we can use in each std...suppose  if one child want to make a businessman then we suggest them for business sector like sharebazar through with your best portfolio and take good dession second if some child interested in football then we can tell his/her to watch it the sports chennal and join the football playing classes either school can help his/ her to improve this relent in school campus..so if we take special observation test .....
1 0 What I think if we want to inprove our sport level.then observed the each child.u now it not an easy step but there is one way where we can solve this when the child taking addmission in any school for the junior senior std on that time given them addmission but keep thechild under observertion  just for three months you can find the solution and we find our answer what does child want to do in his/ her life.......but one thing under observed teacher is an experienced teacher ........
0 0 Iske liye ek partibha khoj ke madhyam se sabhi garm panchayat mukhyaly pe ek sports teachers hona chaye or panchayat mukhyalay pr tournament me ek acha result mil sakta h is madhayam se or jyada se jyada har garam se kuch partibha jarur meligi bas unko nikhrne ka kam chaye jese wo hamahre desh ko ek acha saman ye meddle dila sakte h
1 0 We should start an initiative like "olympian ki khoj" something similar to the reality TV shows like “Indian Idol” or other similar talent shows on TV. An independent selection team should be set up and they should start with district then state and finally national. Use the existing infrastructure of school/college to run a camp for 20-30 days before completion to give equivalent opportunity to all. This would make sports more attractive career option to the youngsters.
0 0 Until  and unless every parent is confident about their child's future in sports we cannot get good talents out. So we also need to have a talk with the parents and assure them about their child's future.
0 0 Also for coaches we can use our ex-sportspersons and can also budget some foreign coaches also. Also we need to organise inhouse competitions within our country just as like Ranji trophy we can organise for other sports. Ultimately in this case too we need to introduce the public and ask for their support for their participation in activities. We can also involve our MP's like we did in adarsh gram yojana. We also need to send a message to those parents who think that sports is waste of time.
0 0 Also we need to focus on those sports which are there in olympics and others but still we are not able to take part such as swimmimg, etc. I hope one day India would also become the toppers of the medal tally in olympics. We need to introduce these sports at state levels also by means of coaching centers. Also we need to provide access to such sportspersons to the complexes build for training and practice. Many good talents are unable to access the resources that are already present.
0 0 I feel there is a lack of sports education. Because sports is not only about playing. It is about learning. So we can introduce sports in the form of education. We can make it an integrated part of our education system like in past we introduced enviroment studies as a compulsory subject. We can also build up sports development centers just like skill development centers also we can make specialized sports college and universities.
0 0 India has potential to become super power in sports. Ponder this, every parent wants a safe and secure life for his child. Education is the only thing that gives a safe and secure life. We don't want to change that. We want smart India and strong india. So, introduce arts and sports as required in every academic level. Introduce sports quota in professional colleges. Award scholarships for sports quota. Award universities and colleges who produce exceptional athletes. Jai Hind!!!
0 0 4.	Compensation structure for players may be introduced just like any other employee working for government or for private sector companies. 5.	Change in mindset of each individual is required for better future of the country. 6.	Love cricket but not at the cost of other sports. This message should be understood by the audience.
0 0 Reform Required: 1.	Keep sports clean and remove foul politics and save the spirit. 2.	Eradicate corruption from the selection process. 3.	Budget allocation for individual sports is required so that each section receives equal opportunity to grow. Private sector sponsorship can be encouraged by introducing some sweetener for them.
0 0 4.	Playing a game cannot earn daily Bread and Butter permanently (with some exception). 5.	We, in India, defines Success by the amount one earns and so everybody is running after money rather than their dreams and passions. 6.	Cricket is overshadowing other sports.
0 0 Some of the Problems with Sports in India: 1.	Involvement of BAD politics in sports has spoiled the spirit. 2.	Influence of money to favour the rich and influential is responsible for bringing the morale down. 3.	Budget constraint in sports, with an exception of cricket, is responsible for lack of proper training/facilities/medical care etc.
0 0 Cont. the sport body staff be directly answerable for performance of players and sport facility provided and rational for selection must always be put down in writing and decided by open competition between the aspirants in one on one competition basis. The awards be given on basis of voting of all national level players only. Accommodation and allowances plus class of travel for players must be highest & the officials should not get anything above the level of players.Official behaviour scanned
0 0 I think, unless the agean stables of sports administration is cleared of the politicians with varied vested interests and government officials looking for plum posting allowing travels abroad, the sports in the country can not improve. Next to have facilities for playing at school levels from primary onwards and if they are not there the schools should not be given recognition. Schools must have at least 2 periods exclusively reserved for playing. Sports bodies be administered by professionals.
0 0 Its my wish that on next sunday respected prime minister mr. Narendea modi should give there ideas and give an electrifying speech on sports development in man k baat on akashwaani.
0 0 Primary school me sport exercises,food diet, Ayurveda sport herb like gokhru, satavari, asvaganda for power sports & brain sports ke liye brami, shankhpuspi, vekanda etc. All bate sikhani chaiye. Sports se liver ka jada work hone se liver me jada hit bad ha hai, isle liye  swimming,sabja, gulkand, sharpunkha, honey etc.  Ke bare me baccho ko train kare. American, European, chinies, Indian, Ayurveda saro ka studies karke akh naya Indian sports slybous  banke osper kam kare
0 0 Another thing which i want to say that there is a lot of corruption in low level selection systems of states sports governing bodies . They kills young and good talent for sake of money and relationship s ,please vigil over th and pass amendments so that one should challenge or complain against ufair decisions by corrupt sports bodies.
0 0 As there is a private board for cricket (BCCI) , so why dont we do the same in all different sports as well ? Not totally a private board , but at least a PPP in that field. Bringing PPP will help in  developing a proper infrastructure for athletis .
0 0 You always mention that naxilites are fast and athletic in forests than our forces and uses bows and arrows in conflicts , can u had ever realised should we train tthem and give them international exposure so that they should leave violence and live good life.
1 0 Please ensure that there should be atleast one indoor and outdoor stadium in a district with local trainees. There should also be district wise or ward wise tournaments held and talent should be searched out from them .
0 0 A few changes i and also majority of people should support 1. A govt. Should classify level of sportsperson i.e district , nationals etc. then propose amonthly  wages according to it i.e  10000 for state player , rs20000 for national player etc. This will ensure there future and compel other youths to join sports era . 2 . through out useless non experienced  sports governing presidents as they are useless .
0 0 Better indoor game facilities and sponsorships will lead to better quality sports players. Encouragement in sports at early age will go a long way in building good quality players.
1 0 1.The children in the rural & backward areas do not have resources to go to the district or national level,so you can open academies & built stadiums in these areas,nourish them from their childhoods. 2.Built stadiums in rural & backward areas. 3.You can ask naxalists to join the national camps & teams of the shooting & archery which is a very fruitful aspect for the nation ,& naxalists can live better lives also. 4.Care of stadiums is very important.
0 0 Sir, the most important step we should take to make our sports association transparent is remove all people who have never played the game but ruling it with vested interest. Appoint players who understand the game. Secondly give importance to region where natural ability is predominant, like boxing and badminton in north east. Why can't we make swimming compulsory in village schools where water body is easily available. Give freehand to our international players to choose best coaches in world
0 0 To understand the power of sports we need to make students indulge in sports from childhood. We should make sport a mandatory subject and then schools should teach at least 2 games, 1 indoor and 1 outdoor, to all students. Excellent performers should be given proper training and guidance to go to next level. This will also require help from government in the form of - scholarship, sports complex, effective sports authority for each game and respect as well as secure future for sportsperson.
0 0 people have various views but for development of every sport we need heroes sadly we dont have enough There are many famous players such as Luciano Narsingh (who has played for Netherlands National football Team),Micheal Chopra(Played for top clubs in EPL), Niel Taylor (plays for wales NT) who are PIO and wants to play for Indian National Football team but cant due to these rules. Similar case  with tennis players such as Prakash Amritraj . We need to help this country have some heroes
0 0 Fully equipped grounds and sports complex should be in every city with good trainer. if player want to make career in sports field ,so govt. have to support player by money. because all parent wants stable  career for their child.
0 0 a personal example... i used to play basketball and was reasonably good, but my parents worry regarding my future cut short my enthusiasm. However we ensured our son would be allowed to play (if willing).. and truly he started doing very well. Sadly, at the time of selections for state level team, 05 players who never participated in neither in the camp nor practice, were selected just because they had good contacts and he was dropped. PS: this is not about sour grapes
1 0 Further if any student is found talented in sports then he/she should be persuaded to join sports residential school with insurance that if he/she is rejected at any stage of selection he/she will be taken back to education systems without year loss with some crash course so that he /she has equal opportunity to return in main education system.
0 0 in India most parents want a stable career for their child, and as sports doesnt offer much both on ground and off ground, parents dont encourage children. let all children interested in sports be awarded additional marks (30-50%) for participation/representation in events/selection for events. This will create confidence in parents and will encourage their children to play.
0 0 The political angle should be finished in this field... and the people who have experience in the same sport should be made the head of the committee which handles the operations accordingly. Doing this might reduce the corruption too.
0 0 1. infrastructure in schools to be improved, 2. school curriculum to consist of compulsory hours for sports on a daily basis,for eg. every evening from 4pm to 6pm, 3.presently schools give few grace points for those representing an event-which is miniscule, energy consumed in playing is much greater and hence such children to be awarded max of 50%marks, additionally players who are not selected for an event but have also participated also loose out on academics-they also need to be graded max30%
1 0 1.add sport teacher in every school. 2. arrange sports material at every school. 3. add one to two hour games session every day and ensure that all school children participate and all teacher attend it. 4.Make a sport card compulsory for every student and student achievement in its favorite games should be recorded whole of its school life and grade should be awarded by sport teacher with recommendations to sport authority of every districts if the student is found  good in any of sport.
0 0 First people should show interest in playing sports rather than watching and enjoying. After that only we can talk about making India a superpower in sports. Tournaments can be conducted in schools and colleges to bring the talented players to one place. They even should be provided with good facilities like food, medical etc. Let the funds allotted to sports be used for sports completely. These may lead to good results in sports in INDIA
0 0 What I feel is, India has plenty of talent in the field of sports. The main obstacle which sports people face is that they do not get proper opportunity to show their talent. Secondly, the influence of money and favoritism should be abolished. The role of politicians should be ended to handle these issues.
0 0 i am all was with you for my centre to play game. youva &youthe
0 0 1.fair selection process-abolish influence and money power-every selector has to be held responsible & punished for poor performance of the selected players-this will ensure selection of only talented players, reservations should be kept to a minimum,2.punish coaches and managers who fail to produce results, compel them to select the best and push the players to perform better, good coaches should be rewarded.
0 0 Govt should take an appropriate platform to create /find out sports related skill test from remote area where advance practice facilities not available. Sports person not only originate from cities,  maximum sports person belongs from villages. So i think,  remote villages can fulfill dream of india as super sports power.
0 0 People should be convinced that if they take sports as their career, their life will be in a balanced state.The society should treat the sport personalities in the same way as they treat people having jobs.
0 0 Make games compulsory in schools and colleges. catch them young and train them in sports Academies like Olympics-2016
0 0 increase number of stadiums. If govt provides infrastructure, talent will find its way!
0 0 give tax incentive to private sports academy and reward them if they produces an Olympic winner
0 0 Central government should set up Sports Schools in all states like Navodaya and it should emphasis priority on sports. Parallel  education also should be given to this students from standard one to higher education.
0 0 Increase the number of stadiums.  If govt gives the infrastructure, talent will find its way!
0 0 Sir we should have to provide the facility to develop the sports skill fro the child hood we ensure that and also provide the infrastructure in the base root level  and also our government should have to take the responsibility to find out talented sports person from the child hood also should have to provide such financial assistance to achieve their own dream
0 0 There needs to be plenty of organization of sports events in all sports, like IPL in cricket. Recently other sports like kabaddi, hockey, soccer are also seeing similar encouragements, which is positive. There needs to something done in sports so that people start seeing a career in this field, and they don't think about engg. Medicines, banking, teaching etc. Only as career options.
0 0 Schools must be rated based on its students sports caliber and accadamics, so that school management will focus both on accadamics and sports. it also gives early recognition to the talented person thereby encourages other students to take part in the sport.
0 0 for making india a sport super power our govt should compulsory a class of sport which is also will have to be passed by every student and mark will provided by school for that instead of certificate .
0 0 1) Right committee with integrity for choosing candidates 2) This should be divided between Urban and Rural with preference given to best performer 3) There should be online portal for the entries and selection criteria should be decided based on candidates entry and near by location
0 0 1. First recognition & Respect to talent. (Not to leave world cup winning team on Bhatinda streets with the cup) 2. Stop all the recommendations, Favoritisms an any form. 3. No politician, business man allowed to get any position of sports. 4. Must give some (5-10%) internal marks for involment in sports. Sports period must not be occupied for other Academic classes. 5. Schools must allow students to use the sports equipments & kits. Not to keep them as new for attracting new admissions to the schools.
0 0 GENERALLY IN INDIA PLAYERS ARE SELECTED BY TRIALS AT LOWER LEVEL  .BUT IF WE ORGANISE SPORTS EVENTS  AND SELECT PLAYERS FROM THOSE EVENTS I HOPE WE WILL GET BETTER PAYER ...KYO KI CHHOTE LAVEL PAR SETTING BAHUT CHALTI HAI .WHICH DEMORALISES SOME GOOD CANDIDATE AND THEY TAKE SOME DIFFERENT PATH FOR THEIR FUTURE
0 0 All we have to do is make sports free from politics as far as possible! Effective use of facilities available in India, rectify the shortcomings in facilities required by players. Then there are many stadiums constructed during Commonwealth Games Delhi, we'll need to use them up-to its fullest to train our players! CWG scam, IPL fixing row are such events which lowers not only the players' morale but also loses faith of the people & consequently any new upcoming talent may have been suppressed!
0 0 First of all there should be a national sports code whereby only sportsperson can become members of national sports federations.
1 0 In schools,We need good sport trainer,for girls and boys should have separate training at different games,and free of cost in all schools of the country, it would become super power in making India.
0 0 If India is to progress in all the sports, first we must understand that sport is not 'only cricket'. Yes, after the 2012 London Olympics, the people of India are taking interest in other sports also but still we are lacking somewhere. First of all we need to have one strong board or federation for each & every sport in India along with the officials running the organization as sportspersons (preferably). I think taking this step would result much drastically!
0 0 Dearest Modiji, SWACH BHARAT is indeed a very good thinking. We are all there with you for this mission across the Nation. But it requires an intensive, integrated and strategic plan to make it possible in an effective way. 1st of all we need to have a strong law/act to enact for the people of India.Because until & unless an act is being enforced upon the people who are used to unclean India. Therefore an Act is required that covers an integrated approach right from a village to city everythin
0 0 The human being,physical power and intellectual power people who expands in sports must identify for accomplishments.Example sports of swimming must teach from childhood.The hydrophobia effect of human must overcome to minimize fear factors.Community operated swimming pool must start discounted rate fees.Income generation and jobs can be created.Maximum dives for sports towards superiority can be gained.Branding India and medal tally never compromised.To be fit in all other sports starts swim#
0 0 India may be super power in the field of sports if from very childhood in the schools game will be must.There  should be trained education and training for various fields of games or sports.In our rural areas I see boys and playing cricket,footbal,vollyvol and etc,but there's greater lack of trainer/coachs.There are extraoridanry talents in the villages and cities,only we have to think about in planned way.In this way be superpower in the field of sports and games.
0 0 Sports is not given any value or respect for students in the current trend of private schools which run in a a narrow building or apartments which does not have any playground of own or any space for physical activity. Main fallout for this is obsessed children in metros, children doesn't have any physical activity which harms there mental and physical growth. Physical education and sports must be made mandatory in schools. This assures to develop interest in sports and healthy citizens.
0 0 Introduce Sports or Physical activity as part of course as a sixth subject or additional subject where students have to pick any one of the sports available with the school as a subject
2 0 Please take into consideration the opinion of sportspersons who have already made it big despite all odds. The poor quality of food and unhygienic conditions kids face when they go to participate in sport meets held at district/ state or even national level reflect the pathetic situation of sports in India. The funds are misused by authorities. Transparency should be ensured before executing any new or existing plans to improve the sports atmosphere. Financial and technical support is the must.
1 0 I think lot of potential is there in tribal areas.they are strong and sharp.training them in sports can also improve them lives.there are many EKALAVYAS. only DRONACHARYA must be sent to them.
0 0 Creating world class training infrastructure (small sizes at school level) and instructions( multimedia with input from top coaches) for all sports at the school level available to all sports person free of cost online or DVD . Synthetic tracks Made in India must be promoted by deleting duty exemptions on imports or Indian manufacturers to be given  Excise and VAT exemptions. this will enable creation of small small size tracks. It will create 10 X training grounds in the same budget.
0 0 ex sports person can be utililsed for train the talented and interested students OR adopt rising star. every village have sport ground for basic sports and encourage the KIDs for sports. every District should have well equiped sport School with Sport person as Staff. All sports should get equal importance. Govt should celebrate Sport fastival every year to find out the hidden talent/ Raw dimend to Polish. Best Luck and thanks for giving opportunity to give our opinion.
0 0 Specfic talent in a child is easily identified through various tournamnts at schl lvl.At 10+2 stg child shuld be given a new option of chosng a sport out of recognized ones.In evry region at least 1 KV shld hv. infrastructure,expert coaches&hostel for a partculr sport.This school shld teach that sport along with other mainstream subjcts 2 the students who opt it at +2 stage.Specialized training for 2 yrs(in sport optd) and generalized tchng of othr subjcts can give boost 2 the child's career .
0 0 Can our ex-sportsman be utilised They are to be given free hand coupled with accountability.
0 0 Yes we can do it only by providing and making sportsperson strong by providing basic needs in the sports. Its better to appoint some IAS officers as chairpersons for the sports academics those who are honest and made some changes in previously appointed work and avoid politicians in that.Before contesting in International level the respected body should hunt the talents and conduct tournaments from village levels.After selecting the players go for scrutinizing them.
0 0 I would like to put light on the "anath ashrama". We have them huge in nos we redirect them to become experts in single sport making them sound sportsman guiding them on single direction along with the education provided. Make use of population and anath ashrama we can have finest batch of sportsmen trained and refined. Jai Bharat jai hind.
0 0 Ther r ntnl. lvl. talnts among our stdnts but do not bloom due 2 flawed edn system.Those who r talented players generally dont do well in studies and so r abused insulted discouraged by the parent as well as trs.frm taking part in tournamnts.Trs are held responsible 4 poor result in der respective sub. so they cant help.Secondly sports still do nt hve much scope as career so even parent discourage children.Talking of solution at school levl. now (Next post)
0 0 1. take steps to make sports as part of our culture.2. for that, involving every man/woman, child, old/young is  important.3. make sports compulsory in schools/colleges.4. give extra credits for participation in sports.5. organize age group sports meets sincerely, most are done on paper and the money goes to pockets.6.separate sports meets for non-school going children.7. promote area specific sports.8. incentives/job for those who can not make it big or make it to national/international level.
1 0 1.An integration program should be implemented keeping in mind 2016 & 2020 olympics, 2018 CWG & asian games. 2.The most important thing is that the ministry should not remove coaches in very quick successions,as it was done in the case of hockey coach "TERRY WALSH", please keep the coaches & support staff fot atleast 5 years to showcase their talent. 3.There is a lot of work to be done on grass root level. 4.Each state ha specific talents in various fields of  sport,target them,nourish them.
0 0 Until sports is considered as merely waste of time and the people have to struggle to secure the basic means of living, it is not possible to push our country forward to make it a sports superpower. Sports culture gets evolved out of many factors and of course we will first have to get out of the socio-economic backwardness and then we will have to concentrate on improving ourselves physically to perform at various sports events as per our choice and preferences.
0 0 we have to prevent corruption in and selfish people who don't care about nation they just want their own hero's(Relatives)  will play games  in international and national events. so please take a necessary action to stop corruption and also start sport stadiums in every district with hostel facility.And our officers are very smart they know very well what to do but they need perfect supervision and sufficient funds.
0 0 MANY PROSPECTIVE ATHLETES ARE IN RURAL AND TRIBAL AREAS. CONDUCT FESTIVAL EVE COMPETITIONS THERE WITH ATTRACTIVE PRIZE MONEY OFFERS. PICK THEM UP THUS AND TRAIN THEM AT RESIDENTIAL TRAINING CENTERS. DO NOT INSIST ON ANY EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION OR LITERACY. PAY  MONTHLY SALARY, DULY TAKING CARE OF THEM. A.G.K.MURTHI,71 agkmurthi1@rediffmail.com
1 0 The first thing to make India sports superpower is to save it from politics.Every sports council in India is governed by one or another politicians or the persons who don't know the ABC of sports.This tradition should be removed & give charge to the top players who have played internationally.All the methods and techniques used by other countries should be adapted.All the players should be given some monetary backing so that they concentrate on the sports & not about running their households.
2 0 Main steps to make India a superpower should include setting up Sports Schools in all States where the core programs should be related to various sports apart from a general education program commencing at the age of 6 and extending to tertiary level, thereby making sports as a full time profession! The general education program should enable graduates to find employment in other fields too! The government funding of such sports institutions should be more than the normal ones!
2 0 Government should make urban planning more robust. Put cap on Density per square Kilometer. and build mini stadiums dedicated to one sport or multiple sports for each kilometer. Maintenance of these mini stadiums can a public- private partnership. by proper urban planning the play grounds can be placed in strategic locations so children can travel by themselves and wont have to depend on parents for commuting.
0 0 Sports must become career oriented, as we have in Govt and private sector. Catch them young. Follow the Haryana model. Look how many medals they have won in the recent past. Regards.
1 0 1st step 1st - Bring Sport Ministry to mainstream and appoint a person with strong will power like Mr. Manohar Parikar, the minister for sport who has power to keep tap on all sport governing organizations.
1 0 Also, reduce focus on theory in sports education in schools and colleges. Focus should be on practice (playing) and not theory.
1 0 Need to provide more facilities (more grounds, courts , equipment) so that ordinary people can have affordable access. Also, how can people make a career in sports - this needs to be worked on, so that more people are encouraged to pursue sports seriously. Also, encouragement is needed for sports other than cricket.
0 0 third thing is that appointment of sport teahcer is mendatory to every private school and need to keep regular observation on their activity.
0 0 Restructure SAI. Develop 8 Sports Excellence centres (SEC) and 543 local Sports Development Centre (SDC). SDC will have a Sports CEO and team of coaches etc. SDC will manage a minimum sports infrastructure in its area.  Compulsory student participation at SDC. Competitions every month to identify talent in the area. Website to give information about each SDC, facilities, online booking, upcoming event and tournaments.  SEC will have national level coaches and trainers to groom identified talent.
1 0 Sir, we know the potential of sports, but todays lots of best player can be found in rural as well as private schools. but current notification regarding any sport which will played on district level did'nt reach to player which have lots of willpower to win it . second thing is that no political reader enhance with sport comittee at any level. appoints representative ex-sports persons like milkhasinghji or any related sports person whose played well in his career.
1 0 I guess best step to promote sports in country is to give respective treatment to the existing sport persons in country, I mean we everyday hear the reports of mis-behaviour of sporting authorities and organization with players like the one recently we have heard about the training camp set-up before Asian Games and the quality of food and facility offered there, players complained about that but have any action taken on the authorities or responsible?
1 0 The following are my views: 1. From 7th standard onwards, prospective sports students should be nurtured by (a) waiving tution fee (b) by providing free studying material and (b) by providing free sportswear 1. Create a State-wise Sports Trust led by ex-Medallists with all stake-holders contributing 2. Create an Integrated Sports Facility for every two-districts with accommodation facility 3. Give Income-tax exemptions for donations to Trusts over and above 80C and 80CCC/D
1 0 I hope if sports and games become mandatory in school as well as higher educational curriculum and due marks or grades are given to this subject, culture can be inculcated. Sports teachers must be given equal respect as science, maths or language teacher rather than persons responsible for institutional discipline or for co curricular activities. Spontaneous recognition and rewards to performing students and their sports teacher or coach can also encourage the very spirit of subject.
0 0 Sir, Please allowance promotional scheme for Players, like They win Gold Medal in International Game they will found Govt. job as A grade officer, Silver to B Grade, Brounce  to C grade with central Service, If they win same in national game to state  Govt. treat as same.In state game district will follow the same, in Dist. label Block(Subdivision) follow the same. Above all in Sports Dept. job for them for improving the sports potential by sports person.
0 0 Form a Sports Commission of active eminent sports persons & coaches & dissolve existing federations. Then form the framework for governing sports in the country and having business houses participate. Schools must have a formal system of running sports programs and top notch infrastructure. We may not be able to participate in olympics etc, but we dont win much anyway. Once framework is in place, give some autonomy to federations and return to IOC fold. I'm Indias highest qualified squash coach.
0 0 1) Job creation and career opportunities for sports person. 2) Sports  Universities to train talent – A degree in sports to be awarded 3) Dedicated training institutes at different levels (eg., district, state, national) 4) Schools should encourage sports from a young age. Schools to identify talented students and recommend them to training institutes at the first level. 5) Renowned Sports person from different fields should step in. Private companies should be looped into this initiative.
0 0 First of all care on rural areas of Great country. Because lots of talent hidden in this area of all respect. Specially Hockey Football & Kabadee. State government should provided panchayat label khelmaidan (stadium). Thanks S.M.Azam Village - Kalopatti Post - Hathua District -Gopalganj BIHAR
0 0 Its only possible when we start giving importance sport people in all the society by giving due respect. And we should elect more representatives from sports in elections make sport quota for fielding elections like sc/sc  constitutes we should recognise people not by money but by their sports ability
0 0 Unless and until people see a career and a sustainable income for a living, sports will not be pursued by many after a stage in life. At school/college level, we see exceptional talent but this is not taken to the next levels in most of the cases. Even for an extremely talented person, the future remains unclear till a certain stage if he/she wants to pursue sports as a career. This uncertainty makes many settle down with their passionate game pursued only as a hobby rest of their lives.
0 0 1. No political leaders in any of Sports body at any level. 2. Appoint IAS officers for Sports body with ex Sports persons will  b part of board directors.these directors no way shall hold any position in any other institution. 3. Install open air  excercise gears as in china at every nuke of the India.Responsibility to maintain given to each mohalla residents. 4. Treat Sports persons as performers and not beggers. At any sports event in school to national level each medal add money
1 0 FIRSTLY OUR SCHOOLS NEED TO REALIZE THE IMPORTANCE OF SPORTS . HERE IN INDIA THE SCHOOLS ESPECIALLY THE PRIVATE ONES ARE JUST FOCUSED ON GETTING GOOD RESULTS IN STUDIES. THE ARE ONLY TWO PERIODS OF SPORTS IN ENTIRE ONE WEEK. WHILE IN EUROPEAN SCHOOLS THEY HAVE MINIMUM 1 TO 2 HOURS OF SPORTS DAILY  AS THE PART OF THE CURRICULUM. SPORTS PARTICIPATION SHOULD BE MADE COMPULSORY BY SCHOOLS.AND WE SHOULD ALLOCATE MORE TIME TO THIS . ALSO SPORTS  NEED TO MANAGED BY PROFESSIONALS AND NOT POLITICIANS.
0 0 Need more grounds in cities. All open spaces are being sold to builders
0 0 No politician can understand SPORTS. Give managment of allsports bodies to only sports players.
0 0 Declare one state wise sports as state sports and open schools for that perticular sports. e.g. cricket for Gujarat, hockey for Punjab or Football for West bengal.open school in line with CBSE which select sportsmen from that state and other state and prepare them for that pertcular state.give them scholarship and jobs in public sector companies if they get some medals at state, naional and international level.complete infrastructure needs tobe created like chhotubhai purani did in Rajpipla once upon a time.Now i think that school is closed.Righnow sports have become millionairs pass time job . Bring sportsmen as chief of cricket board not the businessmen, they will kill the game for the want of money.Remove bureawcrasy from sports which became hurdle for players like Merikom.Use skill and physical power of perticular people like adivasis from chhotaudepur Gujarat can become good cricketers if developed.
0 0 Take Zico as coach for Indian National football. Because he is the person who transformed GOA FC to a super power. in a recent press conference, AIFF officials said "we cant offer ZICO, because he has high profile." Why India can't offer such legends.?? We have cricket, badminton in our pockets, now concentrate on Football and then Tennis. one by one.. let it take 20 or 25 yrs.. but we should plan carefully
0 0 1.Change the leader of every sports institute are to be required. 2.leader must be related to same field of every sports institute. 3.All politicians must remove from head post of sports institution  like BCCI, IPL etc
0 0 IF WE WANT MORE YOUTH TO PARTICIPATE & ACHIEVE IN SPORTS, ESPECIALLY IN OLYMPIC/INTERNATIONAL, THEN WE HAVE TO PULL BACK ON CRICKET! WE MUST TREAT OUR MEDAL WINNERS LIKE HEROES & MAKE SURE THAT THEIR LIFE AFTER  RETIREMENT FROM SPORTS BECOMES AN EASY ONE. THEY SHOULD NOT DIE IN POVERTY OR HAVE TO SELL THEIR MEDALS FOR THEIR SURVIVAL. THEY SHOULD ALSO BE INSURED AGAINST SPORT RELATED HEALTH HAZARDS LIKE ARTHRITIS, INJURIES . * HEAD OF ANY SPORT ASSOCIATION MUST BE MEDAL WINNER FROM THAT EVENT.
0 0 To make india sports superpower we have to all keep all politicians out of our Sports boards,Management committees.And we should make a law that Management  Member should be from respected Sports background.
0 0 Organized sports is largely a cesspool of corruption of officials and exploitation of sportsmen with increasing insecurity due to terrorism. The government should not enter or subsidize any sport--this only results in politically connected children getting into politically favored sports. It should rather, limit its role to the protection of free contract, so that the citizens become wealthy, and have plenty of savings. Children will then not be forced to avoid sports because of economic risks.
0 0 Focus on Location quotient i.e. strength of a region on a particular sports& develop  infrastructure. Public and Private both should collectively work on improving the sports infrastructure , education and awareness among society.India needs world class sports infrastructure both at School/University and Community .The Students who are inclined towards particular sports should be encouraged at school/university level,reduce nepotism & corruption from sports bodies.
0 0 Private companies' participation is the key.They should be encouraged to encourage sports across the nation.A sports loving big businessmen,Subrata Roy languishes in jail.It's a huge blow to Indian sports.He was promoting & patronizing almost all the sports disciplines in India.Achieving excellence in sports is a long process that involves many intermediate stages.Right now,we can have a Sports University where talents from all parts of the country can be trained.
0 0 1. make compulsory for sports in schools 2. all school must have ground facility for games 3. Mandatory for school to participate sports events 4. Community sports at every village level 5. Upgrade our sports schools 6. tap the indigenous sports skills
0 0 We 1st need 2 consolidate our economy b4 aiming 2 bcome a sporting superpower.Most of the sport need considerably vast infrastructure that has its maintenance cost also.Any1 can aim 2 bcome a 100 meters sprinter with just a pair of spikes.But that person needs a internationally contemporary running track 2 compete at international level.Laying running tracks involve huge cost.C it in light of the length & breadth of our country.The figure bcomes mammoth in just 1 discipline.Private cos. b roped.
0 0 It has been in my mind since I was a kid, Our nation needs a "SPORTS UNIVERSITY". The idea is simple and clear, a Univ. fully dedicated towards sports, not just for them who can afford it but also for poorer section. A Univ. that can bring all the backgrounds i.e. rich and poor (eg. JNU,Jamia etc) on a same platform and provide them an equal opportunity to learn from famous sports personalities. We can include so called 'graduation in sports'. Un-affordable sports can also be easily introduces.
0 0 5.	Fixing  calendar/schedules  for National Games, State games and other tournaments and encouraging rural sports 6.Steps to eliminate drug use in sports (2/2)
0 0 1.Include sports,its history in school syllabus.Provide scholarships 2.Sports schools in all districts,sports academies, sports villages and sports infrastructure,coaching centres in all state with private sector participation. 3.Reforming sports administration– transparent elections, uncorrupt members,fixing tenures for the presidents,bringing it under RTI,audit of finances etc 4.Centre for sports medicine,science and research,training and development of coaches (1/2)
0 0 Prime minister in favour of many universities ,why cant we have University for Sports where along with other subjects specialize in area of sprots activites ... create best coaches out of it
0 0 1. Create infrastructure for each sport in all district HQs. 2. Install latest equipments 3. Employ well qualified coaches with attractive pay packages 4. keep off politicians/business men from sports bodies 5. punish corrupt elements in the sports bodies 6. start talent search in each villages 7. bring CSR funds for conducting District/State/national level sports events 8. Encourage sports among school children with attractive financial/non-financial packages 9. Set targets with accountability.
0 0 Sir my personal view as a sports,man is that u should connect sports with studies and not only the gold medalist should be preferred but,also the other sports man who not the best they should be given platform and through sports certain jobs should also be created ,so that the child who get force to leave the sports for his studies and to earn money should given money for and job for playing . If this issue is resolve then more and more participants will their and more medals can be created .
0 0 I suggest the following measures-. 1. Let all sports Association be run by sports person. Do not allow politician to head such association 2. Start training children at primary level in various sports, to find out individual capacities and develop them from that time itself. 3. To provide opportunities to persons , who come out themselves with sporting spirits and excel in particular sport/game
0 0 A) Govt should organize sports events  talq / district / state level   frequently with attractive  money  prizes or scolerships  to the students , so that kids will be more attracted sports B )  budget for sports  department to  be increased   more & if possible  allow private  companies / NGO ,s  to handle the  sports departments, we will defnetly   make India sports super power
0 0 1.Establish the academy of any sports that suit into villages with a good couch.                         2. There should be a fair playground in every village with wall on boundary.                               3. Make a good and fair selection procedure which should be known to all.
0 0 Sports can be developed in india if govt.undertakes atleast 20 top ranked junior players in every event and support them financially and can should provide top class traning than no power on earth can stop india in becoming sports super power in india many talented promising sportsman leaves  sport bcos of want of funds as they come from poor families and traning and equipment cost is very high in sports.This childern shines in junior circuit but withdraw from seniors circuit bcos of lack of fun
0 0 Sports culture is gradually picking up in India with parents being more liberal to the career of their wards. The foremost issue which is depriving India of its sports supremacy is the corrupt bureaucracy. We hear stories of how officials torture sportspersons and depriving them of their allocated facilities. It is no less than heroic that in such circumstances too, our players give their best. All we need to do is put right people at the helm. Rest will follow. Thanks.
0 0 It should all start from ground level with parents encouragement and good facilities in Schools. As simple as that.
0 0 Dear Sir, It is very easy to make India a super power.The practical points are : 1.Planning & Action should be honestly. 2.Change / revise all authority workers--bottom to top. 3.Only old player will be in committee. 4. Politics & Political person must be out of organisation. 5.Set up authority in every state. 6.Financial help to poor players is must & compulsory. 7.Give training from foreign champion. 8.Visit & supervision of all action from staff 9.Training of staff on regular basis
1 0 Respected sir, There is huge human capital available with Government of India with diversified skill, qualification, educational background. But the relevancy of their engagement in policy formulation have been ignored in posting of officers in Central Staffing Scheme, Secretariat officers. The database of education, training of officers posted in Secretariat may be checked before engaging them on the assignments. The database available with DOPT may be used.
0 0 1.wherevpossible best quality ground, equipment, teachers, 2. Creat local super leagues from villages 3. Now schools have air conditioners but no playground-- make it compulsory that schools should be attached to a nearby play ground 4. Every town with a multi facilities gym, swimming, yoga, indoor games 5.School and college curriculum should have included a sports module or book 6. A mult purpose stadium in each town with well connected infrastructure --games played by school league
0 0 Our sports authority of India is less effective  , A)  we should make a law   right of  sports  for every kids / citizen B) in India all  C A plots allotted for  sports  ,is been using for diffrent purposes C) all govt authorities in govt departments r  non sports  persons or old age  , we need to replace them every 3 yers if they have not Good resulted  in their local area  activity D) govt should financially assist sports players  for equipments / lievly hood  based on their achivemwnt
0 0 Economically lowest strata of our population is full of sports talents and capability, but they are disadvantaged due to lack of facilities. Sports officials should be made to search for best gymnasts among street performers, best weightlifters among laboring masses, best shot putters and discuss & javelin throwers in Punjab or Haryana, best swimmers in Bengal or coastal states instead of limiting to fancy schools.
2 0 Sports Super Power : 1. Sport Person lead the Sports. 2. Performance Based Selection. 3. Training & Fitness Centre to maintain Athelete 4. Learn & following from etc. like Chinese, American countries for how development & provide accessories. 5. School / College Class   : 1 Period for Sports / Yoga 6. Categories the Games and appoint top athlete to train his games / coaching.
0 0 Dear Sir,players can be super hero if they are given full chance.SPORTS there should be no politician only sports person should have administrative power.Indian army should have a infrastructure company where complete work should be looked by our army.HAVE WE FORGET THE CWG 2010 we still remember SURESH kalmadi IT WAS THE ARMY WHICH SAVED US BY BUILDING BRIDGE OVERNIGHT.
0 0 Worst enemies of India's sports are the sports officials. For any foreign even, number of officials should be reduced to 10% of the sports contingent strength and one such official should be officially report to each of the sports team captains.
0 0 As many of my friends here mentioned, it should be made compulsory from schooling. Not only sports, even art of one's choice should be made compulsory. Please immediately change our schooling system at least our next gen will be benefited.
0 0 Sports need healthy body. Today, there is very little attention on developing health in our education system. Keen and enthusiastic children actually waste their talent for lack of adequate infrastructure to encourage developing skills scientifically. Local government bodies could get retired fit military personnel to take up small groups of students and mould them into sports enthusiasts. Honesty is the basis for all progress. Team selection must be free from question. Pranayam will help all
0 0 We Indians  lack in sports field due to  very less importance from the govt monitoring  departments , we can be a sports super power  , if we implement few basic  needs to the public A) govt should provide  place  for  sports  activity  for every 5000  population B) govt shold organize talq level events with  money prize or etc 3) compalsary sports activity in scools  as  a sports subject 4) govt should start sports university with a staiphand 5) sport quata  for jobs private & public
0 0 Sports in India is spoiled by politics and favouritism. No international sports arena instates. Sports authority from district wise should be formed. All talents should. Be recorded and maintain national registry should be maintained. All sports person should be graded. And monitored. So no talent can be suppressed. Clear road map for recognisable achievers should be made as law of sports board. So no poltics can spoil  the deserving and talented sportsperson. No BCCI LIKE HENCEFORTH. Pl.
2 0 First of all divide our country in four Olympic zone. create sports city in that zone.Assign each zone specific games. sports person wanting to participate in specific games may go to that zone.Have max four teams consisting of best sportsman. and train them for longer period with the aim to get gold medals.
0 0 In india many promising players leaves  sport for want of fundsThere are many  tennis players in india who r ranked under 20 in india under 12 and under 14 age buta Latter they withdraw from sports bcos there parents cant assist there kid financially as they are salaried class people and traning cost and there equipment class is very high .so they are unable to finance so yhey withdraw there kids.This way indian sports talent is buried before blossoming.
0 0 Sports should be a compulsory subject lust like english maths and science. It should be a part of the curriculum. Kids must have the opportunity to choose one of their favourite sport. Though there is skill in India it is not properly nurtured. Why is it that when China wins 100 medals in any sports even India wins hardly 1 or 2, whereas it is just after China in regards to population. Schools must have compulsory a 45 minute period for any sports, which should be a part of the curriculum.
0 0 first we should spread sprit of our indogenous game like kabbadi,khoko etc at gram and district level.. Then we have to develop sprit of outdoor game other than cricket and Hockey.. Now we should move to Football and Basketball where we are far away from rest of world. Responsbility of sach should be given to sportsperson rather than any politician because only sportsperson can understand the sprit of sports.
2 0 Success of any things depends on strong system. Developing sports from schools.schools should have facilities and team and promote sports. Interschool competition should have preference, good talent to be addressed with separate statewide sports board. Their performance monitored, recorded. Regular training from their to be taken care by the sports authority of India. Interstate competition every year to be conducted. There on select the national team and training them on international standards
1 0 1) Make SPORTS politically free 2) make advanced sport centres 3) choose professionals to train the youngsters 4) educate parents that not just book learning but also sports is necessary for the all round development of children 5) make 10 years plan for the development of sport, only after that we will really see results
0 0 Please appoint honest patriotic sports officials who needs true sports. Coaches should be also like that. Government should have the whole control. Coaches who misuse players should be thrown out. Donot let soft drink companies, energy drink companies, private TV channels, Cine people to sponsor any one. Sports in India needs more corrections, no truth in Indian sports, so no children or their parents encourage their children to go for sports .
0 0 We must develop sport complex in district level and then identification of sportsman from gram panchayat level
0 0 First of all I thank My Gov initiate for letting people feel to be part of team in making India the most prosperous state. I have few suggestions enumerated below; - Sports to be treated at par with studies - Encouragement for taking sports as career be part of nation building - There should be qualified trainers at bottom of pyramid with sporting facilities - Talent nurturing / identification procedure should be comprehensive - India lacks sporty culture which is must
2 0 Since Independence, not a single government, state or central has focused on sports. General lip service is paid to sports, but no concerted effort has been made to nurture talent. We read and see reports of sports person running from pillar to post to get funding even to represent the Nation. Sports persons should only be made to focus on their games and their livelihood should be managed by the Sports Ministry. All sports managers MUST be from the sport itself, without special privileges.
1 0 Every district must have exclusive sports school which trains the children from the day a child starts walking and talking. Then make all the systems to select the talents from these districts to state level and to the national level with various age groups. In the next 10 years, INDIA will be figuring in the top of the Olympics. Even a tea seller should be inducted into these schools, if she/he is interested. I am sure, we will reach the top under this Dynamic leadership of of our present PM.
0 0 Sports talent is wasted after getting job in PSU and Railways. Sports authority should come up with required structure to give them job with sports oriented career with good salary and earning options.   Sports should be in execution levels others would be only in adviser level based on their interest. Sports has to be handled with vision and mission not like part time and time pass activity for big guys.  They can only be advisers.
1 0 just make one rule people who are selected in any  sports have some talent and if they perform less then normal  person the selectors should be fine or atleast some kind of action must be taken on them there should some platform were people can give name of people who are talented and then gov can take action on there advice and try to give support to that person
0 0 Very common view that sometimes real sportsperson not come forward due to the ignorance/negligence how to move forward, Guidelines for them at lower level with the help of those whose are already over aged  from the same line or other.May be they find the super strong persons. Even illiterate childhood can become a good shooter,Invest on talent instead of Hobby. Cream must come out and Bharat maa can emerge as a sports super power.
0 0 One thing I have observed over the years is that a lot of sports officials are NON PLAYERS.Just like in any other profession,international sport requires a great deal of attention-quality attention.I do not think that someone who has not played the gam,e(whichever one it may be) is in a position to really understand the problems of a particular player or team.Still less can they NEGOTIATE PROPERLY in International fora..So only PLAYERS should be there as officials
0 0 Include sports as a subject. No pass, Fail.All schools should have all indoor and outdoor games. Each student should compulsorily select one game and clear the exam(only practicals, no written exams). The best student in each game should be selected when reaching XII. If they have true interest in that particular game, they should be given scholarships and well trained, finally select the best from India in an open competition with live telecast (only DD national), without sponsors and politics.
0 0 Sports should be seen as career options, there have to enough money coming from private sector and has to marketed properly to bring required crowd to the games and sports events. Sports persons represent district level should get option to continue sports as career with special training. People undergone such training should be given job by sports authority in every district level as coach and sports related activity. No sports quote in PSU jobs. PSU can sponsor sports persons to represent.
1 0 My daughter is National Badminton champion twice and playing for India. The main reason behind our sports failures (except cricket where everything is set right) is the officials who govern the sports in India. I request that the sports officials must be a sports person at least at the rank of national player. Please do not appoint Babu's who do not have any interest in sports. To my knowledge, there is no dearth of sports loving child in India. The red tape is responsible for failure in sports.
0 0 Many sports talents are in villages. but no one to encourage them to bring out their talents. Even if they come to district level, they cannot reach state level because of so many loopholes/lack of awareness about competitons. People from big sports academies running for money, put those poor villagers down or give money and send them back. Many obstacles for poor but patriotic and talented sportsmen than rich sportsmen who is able to avail everything with money. make sports compulsory to all
1 0 1) Sports should be a part of a students school report card 2) All schools should either have min prescribed infrastructure or should be attached to one 3) Coaches should be qualified 4) The proposed structure a) 2-4 mandatory recognized interschool tournaments for each sport in each city/town b) 1 Inter state tournament for each State 5) Sports leagues like ISL, IPL etc should linked to these tournaments to pick talent and groom, for the rest the govt or corporates should groom
0 0 Government is making buildings like Cyclone shelters, Cultural Buildings, etc. which is lying vacant for many a days throughout the year can be planned and used for development of Indoor sports like Badminton, Table Tennis, Lawn Tennis, Basket Ball etc.
0 0 Government should initiate programme to entrust registered sports associations in every city or village district wise to nurture kids and youths in sports by facilitating the sports associations with required infrastructural facilities so that the said association can provide coaching facilities and make such associations accountable through continuous monitoring the activities and organizing inter association tournaments in every District.
0 0 sportsmen are to be brought up right from their school age itself. schools should have sufficient play ground. these days many corporate schools are focusing only on education and leaving sports and extra curricular activities behind, and many govt schools dont have suffucient facilities for sports. first this has to be changed, compulsory sports period should be there in schools  and students those interested in different games have to be given coaching in respective games.
0 0 Few important steps below: -Very important to ensure Basic facilities at a school,community centre, academy levels -Spread of these facilities across all types of sports -Professional hiring to coach & develop players at these schools, centers etc. -Very important to have school/district level competitions with required frequency across sport types. -Ensure we pump in enough money on sports training, promotion & inviting international talent
0 0 Sports person, especially students need to have free and fair access to indoor and outdoor stadiums all over the country already built by the Govt. Many stadiums and grounds stay vacant all around the year except on sports day or any political rally. It could be a opportunity for employment generation also. There are many people who are willing to open training centers. What they need is access to quality infrastructure and support from Govt controlled stadiums.
0 0 Sports club in   Each village .fully equipped.
0 0 In India, u can find lot of talent in each & every field like from man power to intelligence as well as management. But we have to manage or cross learn from others states as well as countries. I had worked in the private in which many manufacturing units they grow with the cross learning from another units. For example: A maintenance team of unit 1  will go to unit No. 2 for cross learn on each & every point from cleaning, sorting , daily usage registers etc. Like this, we can do it .
1 0 At least 12 traits must be strong in each sportsman always. With the help of Emotional Engineering all traits can be instill easily 1 Learning ability 2 Intelligence 3 Analysis 4 Planning 5 Innovative Presentation 6 Proud 7 Healthy Ego 8 Believing System 9 Introvert Communication Skill 10 Sociality 11 Responsibility 12 Leadership Quality On losing the form with the help of Emotional Engineering sportsman can easily retrieve their lost form with more intelligent sport skill just within 3 to 7 day
0 0 For becoming a super power in sports;INDIA needs to show a strong will and determination then take following steps  to enhance sports in the country. #compulsory sports education in the schools #helping the athletes by financing and awarding. #providing best coaches and good infrastructure for different sports. #working at primary level by building sports complex in districts and develop sports culture #freeing the sports administration from bureaucrats,appointing sports person as its head.
0 0 In India we do have a good process of selection but there is a loop hole to it. We do have taluk level, district level , state level tournament in place, the loop hole here is few good players gets off the list due to poor team performance. If we fix this up and select those good individuals to next level even though their team looses, we should have real good players in the pool to pick from for next level. Same process should be followed until we get best 30 or so...Apart from this reporting,
0 0 1.sports should be  included as one of the main subjects in school curriculum. 2. the parents of the children should feel that the future of children is secure even if the children pursues any game of their choice and for that we need to develop a system which ensures and rather guarantees their future economic needs. 3. no red tapism and nepotism in selections for representing any games. 4 Basic infrastructure needs to be established at all levels.
0 0 Earlier Cricket was the only popular sport. But with initiatives of celebrities like Nita Ambani and  sports persons like Sachin football , tennis and kabadi are getting popular. We need two pronged strategies. One to nurture the existing talent and the other create new talent.  We need dedicated council members with such celebrities to promote both existing and new talent. Welfare, health, diet, physiotherapy , practice, motivation and handsome reward are required for success.
0 0 II - Play grounds can be build under MGNGERS also. Once grounds are build we can lease them to private schools as well for source of income and maintenance of grounds. Once schools conduct regular sports meets then sport man ship will infused among students automatically. Moreover, it leads students to healthy activities, self confidence, maturity and broad thinking. Students gradually can consider sports also a one of the profession in future.
1 0 Firstly bring comprehensive & inclusive sports bill asap with strict and practical guidelines which should include so called bodies like BCCI. Stop politicians from holding any post in sports bodies. Fix the no of terms one can get elected and so on. Take sports ministry seriously. Only that person should be made sports minister who is passionate about sports and a vision. Otherwise no matter what you do nothing will change. T
0 0 there is a need to generate awareness that all successes, medals, trophies are earned with great hard work and constant family support. programs featuring sporting personalities from different fields can be asked to join in and share their experiences of the journey and how parents can be a source of inspiration. government can augment this programme with initiatives like finding bright players in all fields through talent hunts and ensure monetary support for those who actually need it.
0 0 There are 3 basic issues to address: (i) Lack of infrastructure, (ii) Societal Outlook and (iii) Financial Assistance. W.r.t. (i), it is necessary that the Government (both Central & State) develop parks, courts, grounds for the public at large. This can be done on a BOT basis with participation of the private sector. It is not uncommon to see our IT Bigs have amazing facilities in their campuses (Infosys, TCS etc.). In the name of CSR, why not make this compulsory for organizations?
0 0 Create a pool of 10000 more than 6 feet tall boys and girls of the age of 14-15 years of age. Train rigorously them in sports of their choice. Expect results in five years. Absorb them either in police or army after they reach 30 years of age.
0 0 Play ground and indoor stadium for each mandal level to be build under PPP and BOT basis. All schools under each mandal should be mapped to particular ground. Itinerary and schedule for sports and indoor games to be prepared and strictly adhered to them. Each school has to conduct annual sports meet and inter school competition at that ground. Sufficient All kinds of indoor games and sports related gear should be provided. District level sports competition to be conducted on regular basis - I
0 0 it is a frequent observation that children who have sport inclination do great in schools with such facilities but when they leave school they take sports as an extra curricular and not a profession. parents, society, struggle in making a carrer in sports, lack of financial help are major reasons. it is ironic that when our players win medals, trophies people feel proud, they are one with the players but they seldom support their own child. this attiude should be changed.
0 0 Sports should be part of our education from pre-primary level. But should not be restricted to PE or some conventional games. We should design the courses properly with proper coaching method and from primary level we should organize competitive tournament this should be compulsory for all schools. Subsequently at the age of 9-11 we should start spotting the talents at the district level and coach them under qualified coaches for the next level. From U14 we should introduce scientific coaching.
0 0 There should be  one sports council in each district to  control the sports activities of that district. There should be sports councils at state levels too. At national level we should have control boards for different games/sports controlled by ministry of sports.The performance of these bodies should be  judged based on the performance of the players they have produced.  Only players should be allowed to  enter these bodies. . These sports councils are to be fully financed by the Govt.
0 0 We must have a network integrated approach to sports. All the schools need to feed the sports data on the government website...from where the government can take data and chooze candidates for further verification of sports ability of candidates. . There has to be national data for sports persons.
1 0 Firstly : Sports should be made compulsory in all PRIVATE SCHOOLS, since they can afford the amenities … Different policy should be drafted for Govt. Schools, since they don't have enough money to invest in Sporting aminities. Until we start Sports from grass root, INDIA cannot become Super Power.
0 0 The first thing is to create an environment where sports is seen not just a time pass but as asset just like education. For that we have to take in confidence parents who see sports as something not sustainable for their child.We need to built an ecosystem where this mindset is changed.We have to start incentivising schools and teachers who promote sports and help in finding right talent.We have to show that sports can be adopted as a quality profession by building entrepreneur ship ability
0 0 Sports should be declared as an INDUSTRY in par with all other industries. For every game, make it a vertical within the industry and appoint senior managements who have excellent sports background as well as good governance and management skills. Each game vertical will have CEO, CEO and other key roles who would be responsible to deliver results. Today's pathetic situation in sports is mainly due to mismanagement. We have enough sports persons in every game to shine at international levels.
0 0 GOI Ministry of Sports shall organize one Sports School in every district and one stadium in the same premises. so....give instruction to All state govt . to insure he mandatory All type game in school and college  after that we prove because our base structure is very poor ....first improve our base ...otherwise we can't prove in games...
0 0 There will hardly be a person who has not played or enjoyed following a sport. Hence, I do not believe that parents would not encourage their children to follow sport. Here, the role of the school teacher becomes most important. When a child goes to school, the PE teacher should encourage students to play and teach them the basics of sport. As a child grows through schooling; parents and teachers should treat sports and education at par. Moreover, children should be groomed to think positively.
0 0 1. Increase Awareness.     2. Make it Paying - not by government jobs in police etc. rather using talent in recruiting/hunting talent thruout India.Shower Awards             3. Markelting and Publicity.            4. Military training compulsory or atleast make it availbale to all if they wish to go through it.           5. Make it a subject like other subjects - dont keep it as extra curricular. i.e. Make it a career subject in schools/colleges
0 0 with the basic acedemic subjects like english,maths etc one extra subject that is sports subject should be added in which students can choose their favourite game and they should be given marks for this subject this will create interest in the minds of students towards sports and because of those extra marks which they get in sports their parents will also encourage them
0 0 TAGLINE for Fuel Conservation..... "Save Fuel Save Dual" i.e both environment and living beings which actually interdependent on each other.
0 0 Two grounds which I am talking about in maninagar, Ahmedabad are in pathetic condition. Kankarai football ground and LG ground both are dusty ground. If government is really serious in cultivating sports culture then please create more grounds. These two grounds which I talked aboutmust be developed as real lush green ground by growing grass n levelling the field. Also stop using these grounds for commercial purposes. This is the situation of area. Please help.It is BJP govt. in Gujarat.
0 0 Please test my research & if i am prooved wrong i will walk away quietly. Simple. I am requesting the govt to support/test my findings that redefine the science of sports and the issues faced due to the current science/outlook towards sports. www.shivasports.in http://akshayapandit.wix.com/shivasports#!about4/csnj
0 0 Sports Superpower? Big Dream can be achieved but govt. hv to understand few things to achieve this goal. To Start with, i have interesting story to share first. I live in Maninagar Ahmedabad and to sad part is that there are only couple of open grounds for playing for kids. Even these two grounds are given on rent to some exhibitions or marriages , so most o f the time these grounds are full. fisr of leave vacant grounds space in the city so that kids go and play.
0 0 What we lack is basic infrastructure on sports. Government sectors  have huge land bank and if some of these land banks across various parts of the cities are used to create sports academy it will solve most of the problem. Everybody loves sport but access to it currently is a problem. Finding the right coach, how much to charge for availing the sports facility, nutrition requirement etc are things that are easily resolvable. Create 1-2 model academy in urban Bangalore and replicate it across.
0 0 1. Army training should be made compulsory in schools. It will throw open various gaming opportunity to youngster 2. Creating awareness among public, about the benefits of Sports. 3. Like Satymev Jayate has dedicated one episode on Sports,  using social media/ cinema (biopic). Youth should channelise their energy in positive direction, rather than in indulging in drugs (mann ki baat). Giving Quota/ Scholrship/ Benefits etc are secondary.
0 0 In Olimpic 40 % of medal goes to Swimming Competition.So we need more swimming pools in our Country.We must build atleast five swimming pools in Taluka level
0 0 We all have performance review and target for managers that they have to achieve the given goal. Do the sports authority have this kind of goal? Also do we have strict action in case there are biased selection of sports person? Also to improve sports it needs to be improve in school and colleges.
0 0 GOI Ministry of Sports shall organise one Sports School in every district and one stadium in the same premises.The funds can be pooled from MP Lads either fully or matching grant. Average 3 MPs in every district will surely meet the demand.All schools in every district shall recruit PETs right from Primary level. YOGA shall be part and parcel of this sports.
0 0 Increasing 30% sports quota in professional colleges will give good result
0 0 Basic track and field facility at each district. Scholarships to district level champions and they may be elevated to higher grades in spite of low marks in their exams at least till school levels. Incentivize coaches responsible for churning out such champions. Throw politicians out of grass root sports bodies. Media coverage for grass root events. The finance to come from PPP model and CSR.
0 0 Very valid thoughts coming across. Legendary sport persons are a mix of Natural Talent + Perfected Skill + Unmatched physical fitness + Hunger + metal attitude. India has to work on the metal attitude of a sports person which needs key expertise of sports phycology. Experts on sports phycology and physiology are needed to ensure India develops individuals to great athletes in the right way. This will lead to increase in success percentage and India as a nation will become a sports loving country
0 0 First thing is Sports management should be made as free from all politicians. Make corporate companies responsible for developing sports in our country by giving incentives. Announce tax cut to organisation/MNC/ (10% for one Gold Medal in Olympic, 20% for 2 Gold) if a sports person working in that organisation for min. 3 years get any medals in International Sports. With in 4 years we will get min. 10 Gold Medals in Olympics. Give more incentives to sports persons. Make their life bright.
0 0 It is a shame on us that all National Level statium & other sports facilities are kept in lock. Why not to open these sports infrastructure / stadium in morning hours of 5 am to 8 am to all the public on payment entry basis so that atleast the infrastructure is in use e.g jawaharlal nehru stadium to be kept open from 5 am to 8 am for daily morning walk  etc
0 0 ipl jese tournament har sports me hone chahiye par unke liye players state or national or international performances k adhar par hona chahiye aur unme dusari chizo ki bajai khel pe hi dhyan dena chahiye or sport ko hani pahochani chahiye or usme hisa lene vale corporaters ko paise kamane ki bajaye kisi ilake ko datak leke vaha k khiladiyo ko age ane me madad karani chahiye
0 0 In Australia every 50 houses ,there must be a sports ground with all facility.But in India we should build at least one sports ground for every  500 houses .Every school must have a sports ground and sports teacher.Sports and yoga must be included in everyday school schedule.Sports meet should be conducted quarterly in district level without political,and communal interference
1 0 We require sports schools / hostel facilities in India.The major dropout happens when kids hit the 10th and 12th. Open Schooling NIOS by central Govt should be made more popular. Sports schools should have following Schedule 6AM-7AM Yoga 7AM-9AM Sports activity 9-11 break / Rest 11AM-3PM - Studies from NIOS 3PM - 4PM -Rest / break 4PM-7PM -Fitness + Sports 7PM-9PM Free time This will build new Gerenation with perception towards Life " I may win and i may lose but i will never be defeated"
0 0 sir,please cleanroom existing SAI committees and reforming new committees for all sports  . our government looking to rural side , select so many talented students in village so kindly recruit focus on rural side student . and  create infrasture for sports development to future capacity . so most important of  all state government   to give necessity to encourage sports personal 1.select to the experience sports personal 2. to provide infrastructure   for students in school level
1 0 I HAVE BEEN RESEARCHING SPORTS AND FITNESS FOR OVER A DECADE. I NEED INFRASTRUCTURE TO DEMONSTRATE MY FINDINGS ALONG WITH CAMERA TO PROOVE PROGRESSION. UNTILL WE CANNOT TEACH SPORTS IN A COMPLETE WAY, IT WILL LEAD TO INJURIES & DISCOUNTED PERFORMANCE. http://akshayapandit.wix.com/shivasports www.shivasports.in Basic content at above site but i have tons more to share. Need infrastructure to redefine the errors of current approach. I am talking science not wishful thinking.Please support .
0 0 We should have sports competition at village or block levels, we need to promote our area-wise sports as North East is most found of following Football, etc. we need to see the interest of states and need to have competition, children should get more use to of sports in school which will increase their interest in sports rather than gadgets disturbing their mind and health as well..
0 0 jo dikhata hai vahi bikata hai.hum sab dekha hi rahe he k cricket kese bik raha hai.brand andorcement me sirf sportsperson ke liye hi 75% reservation hona chahiye.jinhone film ki hai vese actor ko brand andorcement nahi dena chahiye,or har khiladi k liye bhi andorcement limited no.s me hi hona chahiye taki jyada khiladiyo ko mauka mile aur unko dekh kar log sports ko apana cariere pasand kare kyoki madal se to pet nahi bharega na bhai
1 0 WE CAN CONSIDER ESTABLISHING EXCLUSIVE "SPORTS INSTITUTIONS" WHEREIN CHILDREN ONLY INTERESTED IN SPORTS WILL BE LEARNING BASIC EDUCATION AND LANGUAGES (NOT TOO TECHNICAL) AND FOCUSING ON SPORTS OF THEIR INTEREST ONLY.
0 0 I felt 8th standard is minimum enough for completing the school education, after that those who are shift the career full time in sports and they required for government sport school to continue the life securely. then we get number of good sportsman coming from all group including tribal.
0 0 So far the Planning has been done for Sports in a School, Approach itself is Wrong. As long as we keep planning a school and make sports a part of it, it will never get the Results that we are expecting. Ideally you should have a Sports University with Education as a part of it. Students should be selected as per there physical capacity and trained in a certain sports. Genetics will determine what the Strengths are of the Children, then you select a type of Sports for the Child so he can play to his or her Strengths rather than wasting a lot of energy efforts and parents aspirations and money.
0 0 Sport culture should be inculcated at a very young age and so it is important for children to have opportunity to take part in various games before they choose one of their liking. More public playgrounds should be available to children and also sports should be looked upon as a career.
0 0 We Should Add Sports as a part of Curriculam for all the students Compulsory. Before Making it we have to make sure that all the scholl should mandatorily have proper infra strucutre facilities like etc.
0 0 the 1st important thing in this direction is to create awareness among the parents regarding the advantages (both monetary as well as physical) of sports.the signs of sportspershonship are appeared not in a grown up but in a child.its only during that stage of age when one starts intending to become a sportsperson in life and at this age he is all under care takings of the parents.he cant do much unless he is supported by his parents.thats why among the parents the gov needs to create awareness.
1 0 We must first become "Sports Loving Society” through: 1.	Sports Hour: In every school, “Sports hour” must be introduced for kids to play freely and young boys /girls to play under supervision of a coach. 2. Sports Subject: “Sports” must be a subject that should be passed on the basis of sports activity. 3. "Open Spaces": In every 1-2 km square area, open spaces for playing, cycling, running etc are must. If we start playing, love sports, we will definitely become superpower in 10-15 years.
1 0 Apart from these things, i feel youngsters from the different corners of the country should be given equal opportunities. Just now read a nice idea from our fellow volunteer @PRAVIN SHIVANGIKAR. Why not innovate and try new things. Ultimately success comes to those who try.
1 0 Permit sports and games to grow as a profession like any other profession. Permit them to make a living from what they love and enjoy doing. The active sporting life of a sportsman/woman is hardly 20 years. He/she must be permitted to make a fortune during that period. Stop Politicians from meddling sports policies. Catch sporting talents young and protect and promote them and never victimise them. If a fortune is assured, sports will grow by itself. The required infrastructure will come soon.
0 0 taluka se leke district tak sports asociation hone chahiye jo achhe khiladiyo ko promote kar k unhe bahetar training de.isliye har taluka mathak me har sports k ground,coachs ho ne chahiye.or is sab ko chale rakhane k liye schoolo ko jankari deni chahiye or acha budjet bhi dena chahiye sarkar ko.aur asociation ki javabdari polititian ki bajaye anubhavi sportspersone ko hi deni chahiye
0 0 Where are all our retired distinguished sports personalities? Why are these corrupt politicians handling the sports authorities? Don't you think anyone from sports fraternity is able to handle these institutions? I feel all the sports federations should be free from politics and center stage should be provided to the players instead of these politicians. Players development and growth should be of utmost importance.
0 0 The existing capacity of SAI required to enhance, they can identified more volunteers to increase their training activities at the Block level. 17 Dec 14
0 0 We with the Infantry exposure have seen footballers better than Pele in the Interiors of North East and coastal India, Hockey players better than Maj Dhyan Chand, playing with improvised hockey sticks in Mizoram and interiors of Bihar. Let these Infantrymen get them to the Boys Sports Company and we will be a Sports Super power..
0 0 schools me bacho ko sports hour me just khel ko khilane ki bajaye unko sports padhana chahiye us khel k bare me jankari or niyam bata kar or us khel ko khelane ki tips de kar.or har ek khiladi ke performance ko data k roome online dalana chahiye school se leke national level tak taki jo layak he use hi tak mile or coruption hate
0 0 Start sports training and idendify talents at early age.The associations should be free of politics and bias.The sports persons who train hard and reach certain levels as District,State and national levels should have job security or life support from the Govt or some corporates. Because of this dilemma after 10th std so many very good talented sports persons leave the field and concentrate on studies. An individual body can be created to idendify the deserving persons at all levels
0 0 1. Sports to be mandated in Schools and Colleges and to be part of curriculum at no extra cost (esp in private schools). 2. Sports ministry should have sport veterans in the panel/position.3.Selection should be on pure merit basis.4.Improve infrastructure in schools /public stadiums for coaching. 5.Remove govt.red tape ism - everything should be online and transparent.6 Sports panel/ committee to arrive at a plan and should monitor -Villages, districts, states, national and international
1 0 The concept of Boys Sport Company under the aegis of Army Regimental Centres to be revived. The Regimental Centres scout for the talent in their area of responsibility and send these boys to Nominated Regimental Centres identified for respective sport. The kids are trained and made ready and then excel in the sport of choice with no worry of employment also. The results obtained earlier were also beyond imagination.
0 0 Exactly, must remove politics from Sports....! And sports revenue must be distributed among all sports. For ex: Cricket is gaining much and it is top among world cricket teams. But no other sport is getting encouraged like that even though they are achieving honor to us. Not even having sports materials with them, but we know how the life of cricketers. So please think on it and go for it. Thanks & Regards, Viswanath
0 0 there are much feild to discover like.(1)base se saru karna chahiye or har school me sports teacher hona chahiye kyoki isse kheladiyo ko rojgar milega kyoki har koi to gold nahi la sakata is liye state level ya district level k khiladiyo ko sports teacher banana chahiye
1 0 Like Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana our Hon. PM must appeal Retired Sports Celebrities to adapt at least 1 Tehsil. S/He will ensure that facilities are provided to players in that jurisdiction, also he'll be accountable for building atleast 10 National Level Players in one Academic Year. Gradually this jurisdiction may be converted into Sports Constituencies and Sports Candidates under Ministry of Sports will contest a poll with an agenda for Sports development in the constituency. This will
0 0 sir mere khyal se india ko sprots main super power banane k liye sports ko grass root level tak le jana parega..  primary school se lekar higher study tak har class main ek compulsory subject sports hona 4ahiya jisse student aapna man pasand sports ko apne under develop kar  sake.. or spcl hoonar wale students ko block or district level main coaching ke subidha milna 4ahiya.. har sports k alag alag autonomous devlopment board hona bohut jaruri (jaise cricket k BCCI)..
1 0 Remove politics from sports
0 0 Make sure the sports ground allotted to all the politicians in a impression that it will be made available for general people should be made available for them. All the politicians have made them clubs which a common man cannot afford. And as per my knowledge government also provides funds to promote sports which are being mis- utilized  by politicians. The Ground meant for common people have been converted into luxury clubs. First clean this mess. All the grounds should be made available.
0 0 Make a kid food corner in every home,anganwadi school etc. Keep avaiable snacks there.Children will help themselves. They will eat ad lib. They will grow well and become better sportsmen. This idea reduced malnutrition in maharashtra.Now it has least nutrition in big states.Most of our kids starve and can not becone great sportsmen. Or citizen.Kid food corner  should never become empty.Refill it before it empties.This reduces child deaths and makes country great at low cost.Tell all.
0 0 people at young stage i.e age of 7-12 years. 2)The sports facilities available in the Vicinity to be spread in near by schools & the expert coaching / sports facilities available in the City should be popularise in all schools.Because students/parents & teachers does not know the availablity of existing facilities. 3)Open sports  facilities in every Councillor ward (Delhi).Since large MCD spaces are Available in Delhi. 4) Facilities  in CWG like Badminton Hall in SRCC available to public.
0 0 To improve the Sports activity,Real player should be given priority in selecting the team & Player.In the field those candidate who has ability should be given preference, Merit should be the criteria for selection.Game materials to be available in all the sport office.Now a days relationship is important than the skill.
0 0 Make sports a subject like any other one at school and college level. No students will be declared pass if they fail in sports subject in board exam and school should get affiliation after verification of their sports infrastructure
0 0 High time ! We should establish Central sports university across the Country. The country can be divide in zones and based on the sports preference of the zone a university can be established. Just the similar way of how IITs works.
0 0 1. Get rid of politician in sports bodies. Professionals should manage sports with accountability. 2. Have extensive program to train and educate coaches at basic levels. 3. Manage domestic competitions, such as national games, more efficiently. 4. Make sports part of school curriculum. 5. Have sufficient number of state of the art Sports Science Centers.
1 0 * GOI must introduce sports students * Seperate boarding schools only for sport students by GOI, PSU, State Govt. , Private National & International Corporate Houses * sports must as a corporate social responsibility for direct Central Govt Org  PSU State Govt Org  * sports must as a CSR for Private Sect. also & they get tax relaxation over profit * CBSE, ICSE & all States Board school must encouraging sports, target uplift - 5 students in State level every year & get aid from Govt
0 0 All round the year there should be sports competitions and then we should have a National Sports Day for honoring all the year sports winners coming from all over the country. There should be financial awards in the form of Scholarships for continuing in the sports of interest for  the students who excel in sports.
