10 0 As the Pandavas were the Best in their Skills, the schools have to examin the POTENTIALS of the students at STD 5th onwards at regular Intervals.... Students should learn things not by EYES only but including the Senses like Smell - Touch/Sparsh and obviously Audio Visual, it will create Shreshtha Nagarik, not just a Citizen (name Tag) Not according to Marks, but student's Performance in areas like ART - Science - Maths - Social Awareness to be done practically....
10 0 sir, first of all govern the process of recruiting teachers, professors in government aided or funded schools and colleges. in Maharashtra there is lot of corruption involved in recruiting them.
1 0 Have one suggestion regarding mentoring schools students by research scholars, graduate under graduate students from various Colleges and universities. Even scientific staff and research workers from various labs can also be roped in for this program. Mentors (the list mentioned above) should help them design simple demonstrable experiment kits and also help them to understand the underlying principles. Mentors can be asked to register themselves at a central repository, can be accessed by schoo
5 0 Please change the way, students are being taught at schools, change the approach. FYI, consider Japanese model of study. If possible, please make computer, especially programming compulsory from the class 6th. This will devlope logical portion in the chld Increase the funding to the HRD department,for Science and Research.
9 1 1)The scholarships of PhD students are a joke when compared to those abroad. A PhD candidate should be considered as a researcher and be paid likewise and not as any other student. This will attract better PhD candidates who can contribute better to innovation. 2)Why is consultation by eminent faculty limited to big companies and only their students. Anyone should be able to send them ideas and ask for consultation.
5 1 Hi sir This is not the first time when i am trying to contact you .i have very good idea to reduce the gas cylinder price and it would helpful for gas company and poor people also ......and i am big fan of your ideas and thought. Suraj.....9891020723
17 0 Hello Mr. Prime Minister, My name is Abhay Bhandari, I am sharing my suggestion which can help in making roads clean and giving employment as well. As we know there are lot of beggars on red lights .. If we can employ them for cleaning the roads, gardening and maintenance by training. it will be an initiative than can change them from beggars in to workers. It will be a motivation for them to leave begging and start working. Slowly and slowly we will have no beggars in india Jai Hind
2 0 Invention can be done at many levels and not only at Ph D levels of R&D institutions in government and private sector. There should be pyramid like approach to education so that each and every individual is able to learn some trade or the other so as to be socially productive. It needs to start with setting minimum education level whereby all students can get through.Thereafter ITIs and similar institutes should impart formal education incorporating national policy and industry feedback.
2 0 I believe that there are lot of students in rural area who can be future scientist. So emphasise to be given
1 0 To set up corporations or companies its not necessary to have invention or innovations. Your normal businesses like achar making or textile making can also be made into startups. As mentioned by adopting ISO 9001.
1 0 It's important to institutionalize companies by listing them in stock exchanges. This way all employees get a good salary and profits are distributed amongst share holders. Also there is division of labour in terms of who does marketing, operations, sales, hr, it, finance etc. Youth of cities as well as villages can come together to set up corporations like Amul.
0 0 I think it is important to adopt the ISO 9001 standards in case you want to start startups of your own. ISO 9001 means you standardize what you do. You document that you make a product this way and tell it to the government and every time prepare the product the same way. This will help in faster industrialization of companies and also maybe listing of companies as startups in stock exchanges. ISO team comes for inspection that you are preparing it the same way.
3 0 The President and minister of HRD are always speaking about quality in  education. The root problem in our system has been the recruitment of teachers at all levels and across private/public institutions. Underpaid in private and poor selection in public sector.  All speeches should cover teacher selection. A campaign 'Adhyapak Acche tho Desh gyanni' is needed. Public opinion about bad/corrupt teachers is also needed. Bringing this topic to focus is key. Teacher selection is key.
1 0 We are going to  construct 100 smart city so we must adopt smart construction practice, smart in the field of construction means we use less natural resources and more recycled resources, just like recycled coarse aggregate as a replacement of natural coarse aggregate, we may use stone dust in place of natural river sand. About 30-40% replacement of neutral aggregate can easily be done without compromising with strength of concrete. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
1 0 Various students have various interests and ambitions. It's a great initiative. What I would suggest is to apart from theoretical education students must be exposed to practical knowledge. For eg e=mc^2 for which the nuclear fission reaction takes place. Apart from that students must be exposed to real time project based learning system in their various fields and it must considered very important so that students will come up with innovative ideas and implementation which is not into existence.
2 0 Hello Sir, It is my honor to share my idea on rashtriya avishkar abhiyan. We are young entrepreneurs started a start-up in Solar and LED products. We always work for innovative ideas. We made Solar laptop charger for rural area which can charge laptop in 2 hrs and mobile 40 min and a LED bulb glows for 6-7 hrs. It is easy to handle like a briefcase and in very suitable cost. We also made a Bi-cycle which generate electricity and charge 100 AH battery in 2 hrs.
1 0 - A sophisticated science museum in required which helps children to play and learn things very faster compared to traditional learning.(Ex. Boston Science Museum). - An hour or two should be spend in a week by children to work on their interest with experts. - Need to encourage to do small experiments at home or schools with easily available materials. Experiments like balancking ball using the hair dryer.
2 0 Encouraging young innovations 1. MHRD shud impose more   Practical schedulefor students. 2. There shud b mor curriculum activities. 3.Expert lectures. 4.Make aware of latest tech. 5.Awaring students wid latest schemes for R&D. 6.Special talent search prog. Including villages. 7.Science tours. 8.Syllabus shud b implemented. 9.Various competitions cn b organised  age groupwise. 10.Best innovation ideas shud b encouraged n awarded annually.
0 0 1.Talent search Fairs be organised through participation at school, college and even town levels. 2.Scientists and R&D experts should educate youth 3.Skill development by industries must be made mandatory, may be as part of CSR initiatives 4.Financial support should be given to talented children who come up with unique ideas 5.There should be funding mechanism for prototypes to be developed by children 6.Traditional education system lacks providing support to academically weak student
0 0 Dear Modiji why can't you create a Good Text book committee keeping one subject as moral education. and conducting such subject periods every 4 periods in a week and the subject should contain life stories of Great Leaders  who contributed their lives for the Nation they may be the soldiers, Saints,Politicians,freedom fighters,poets,scientists and from all fields..
0 0 Compensation: Death in Rail Accidents 1.	Every rail ticket/monthly session pass to have a component of travel insurance from Rs 1/- to 10/- corresponding to travel class 2. Passenger should specify his nominee for any claim. 3. Compensation range from  Rs 10 lac-50 lac as per  travel class 4.	Compensation be paid by Railway Accident Insurance (on lines of Army Gp Insurance), in 30 days of accident 5.	It will generate a huge resource/revenue for Railways
0 0 great idea should be implemented ASAP in all states
0 0 it is a good idea but at the same time it shall be implemented in college levels also and an option to given for all colleges who are interested to join in this program whether the college is government or private because in this we should remember that we are giving opportunities for the Indians only and for an example in the state of Andhrapradesh higher education is completely free for all in all sectors that is in government as well as in privatesector also as the stategovernment bears all
0 0 teachers can change the world. a good teacher can identify, support and help to innovative minds of children.
0 0 Involve more teachers for training related to science. it will help not only in class room teaching but their involvement in science related activities activities by students.
0 0 sir jyada kuch  na kar k sirf ik subject k roop me baccho ki creativity deki jaye jese ki baccho ko game, physical aadi k jagah  pr baccho ko itni aazadi di jaye ki wo apne idea de aur teacher ko b usme help karni chaiye aur news paper aadi me ese event karne chaiye jisme logo k idea mage jaye....
1 0 Bring back our old innovation that we used to have at the time of Krishna .... All should work on natural source .... We will be no.1 in all our the world...
0 0 No award is award against cash award start and announce cash award for each and every awishkar or innovation for each and every class to spread the message
1 0 Sir, The Govt should focuss on primary and intermediate schooling system because according to the population our govt schools are not getting increased or upgraded, like other sector there should be PPP Model in schooling sector so that our wards can get good education in govt schools. Sir, i would like to suggest you that according to time change our wards should be given councilling classes like other subject so that we can differentiate good and bad things. Thanks
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, Since an Educated society/ generation would be a self sustainable society/ generation, a lot of things should be brought to school levels strongly. Among those, 1) Basic Discipline, 2) Traffic rules following, 3) Cleaner and greener surrounding, 4) Legal education preferable over sex education, 5) strong history, culture and Integrity education believing that we are superior to any other culture/nation in all disciplines. we need best in class Govt schools panIndia.
0 0 sir As we know that many educated people are unemployed so you could make a team of those who know about science and technology and they could go and teach in govt. school.Nowadays many govt. school teacher are not educated enough to teach children so you can also make a team of qualified people to go to every school and take a exam of teachers.In this way childer will get a good source of education
0 0 Dear sir, Seeding of ideas would be favourable at early age; say primary school stage/age group less than 8 years.  Identification of such individuals in formal & non formal environment and providing continuous support can blossom the selected individuals. I am ready to participate in such activities; I recently retd as gm from bhel, am located at Hyderabad and am able to communicate in Marathi, English and Hindi. Awaiting guidance from mygov
0 0 Respected Sir, Its my pleasure if you are reading my letter, As I am just a young Citizen of your country. I know that you and your government is doing well in all the fields as well as in Railways also. Our Country has world's Largest Young Population and worlds largest Railway network. As I have an Idea by which all youth can make the Railway a golden track. The real thing which i only want to say is " Youth Indians " and fuller utilisation of railway resources.
0 0 dear sir, Even through so many problems and corruption in the country however government has taken good steps to support our people who have great ideas. Now they can take new steps to do some thing extra ordinary for the country hence claps for good step.
0 0 added by various schools
0 0 submitted by various schools under this office
0 0 The schemes or funds to SC &ST welfare school boys and girls ...like wise there are many things which are not going well for the students ..it should be mind to help poor ...then only they can do...the people who can think in such way that only they and their family wanted to eat and be happy cannot do things and they cant do justice to poor people.
0 0 govt should give funds to those people who can do voluntarily by utilising the funds ....Not like the people who are in Respectable Position and its their duty and responsibility to do those things..these people do things less and eat govt funds...so its waste of money to give such work to them...
1 0 Good Morning Sir, A great idea to "ignite their minds". But the question is WHO will ignite their minds ? As we face a shortage of well qualified teachers, I think there should be an active role by the scientific institutions across the nation to depute senior scientists and academicians to teach students at school and college levels. A moral obligation or commitment should be made by the senior scientists to spend few hours of the week to take lectures, give presentations at appropriate level.
1 0 I hv a good idea. For agricultural development in India How to submit Shukriya
0 0 Dear Sir, This is an excellent scheme, that is expected to nourish and benefit our population, specially young population. I am impressed by the Abhiyan. I have some concerns, 1) It needs popularization in such a way that all potential teachers should be able to contribute to this, it should not remain bound by office politics and any other kind of obstructions. 2)At a personal level it should be mandatory to be decided by individual that he wants to contribute to this program.
0 0 please include yoga and meditation, vedic mathematics,intuition process of The Art Of Living Foundation in schools to inculcate the pride in spirituality and indirectly open a new horizon for scientific growth in them. thank you.
0 0 Respected sir, i would like to say that in our society on every stage corruption is involved .our teacher also include here. they are doing everything excepting reading  student .that is the reason sir in our school where our govt.expend much more money neither any government servant children nor any middle class family student learn there.the teacher who is thought himself send his child in private school........it is very sad for our society................
0 0 I would like share my own experience at this moment that when was in primary school 🏫 I had best teachers in my life who made me a student to learn,but when I entered to high-school it's all about fees and just to pass in exam.so need to improve the teachers first.not educational system,as I feel the educational system of BHARATH is best.
0 0 In my earlier comment i wrote some general statements. Here some suggestion for the Govt. > The education system need to modify.Some people are not good at academic but they are good  in practical thing. These people need to be motivated by their work not by their academic record > Govt should provide sufficient funds for such activity. > Govt should advertise their existing policies in effective manner.
0 0 There is lot of potential in village youth.Due to lack of resources, these young innovative minds remain unused.If these minds used in a effective manner, they  can really change the face of our country.
0 0 There is lot of potential in village youth.Due to lack of resources, these young innovative minds remain unused.If these minds used in a effective manner, they  can really change the face of our country.
0 0 1)Everyday science to be made part of curriculum in schools.There should be a practical class every week.That will make the students interested towards science. 2)Formulate innovation recognition framework from district to national level and award weight-age for this in admissions 3)As a part of CSR, make it mandatory for the corporate to spend a certain percentage towards these activities
0 0 Generating electricity from waist fuel power energy converting to power energy to produce electricity with simple formula. Everyone knows that the whole world is depending on fuel which is used for operating vehicles on roads and which carry tonne of load by generating power through its single engine power and are only used for single purposes for transporting.  Power load is misused through waist load energy into the earth. if it is presumed through compressed Air we can get free electricity
0 0 India has lot of innovative potential at ground level but unfortunately remain unrecognised because of insufficient funding. Government can make a portal to connect innovator and financier. I am also looking for innovative people who can make products and i can commercialize them but i dont find a platform to connect with innovators from the country.
0 0 Respected Sir, Many of the leading tech institutes in the world like mit, cmu have there on tech incubators which develop,fund and finance students' projects and help them become startup founders. Such an incubator is highly desirable and the need of the hour at the college/university as well as central level.
0 0 SIR I am a teacher by profession and I have attached one of my idea on resource management .
0 0 Most Respected PM India Sir recently a boy from Nasik Maharashtra,Ajinkya Lohakare has invented a new technology for sharing files(upto2GB) and connectivity over the area of 3Km WITHOUT ANY INTERNET. I think this is the most demanding technology for DIGITAL INDIA. This technology can be used for better and most efficient connectivity in India.inspite of having such great innovation,Govt could not notice this Boy and now he got offer from Apple,we Think that such talent should work for India
0 0 Some separate institutions for awareness programs about these subjects to create interest to be learned by the students in Govt.schools like the institutions of cultural programs and a period should be aloted in class room for these subjects like PET etc., Skilled persons should be appointed to train the students in the above institutions.
0 0 To create interest and ignite the minds of the students in govt.scholls, I suggest that every month for one or two days the students will be given aware programs by the skilled persons in using innovative code using software with programs of practice in the subjects science,Maths and Tchnology.
1 0 Respected  Prime minister Sir, Please Promote Innovations , by providing scholarships and Lab/ workshop  facility to the private innovators, For example we can provide 24 hour eco friendly power supply to every house and water to every farm by desalination of water by electric field. More over we can solve the problem of plastic pollution by synthesizing many biodegradable polymers, but there is no way Please read all files.
0 1 ear sir,I would like to share my idea on indigenous defence research development and production. As we know we are the biggest importer of foreign weapons, and our internal defence equipment makers and producers are failing to meet their targets and get new ideas on innovation or even to catch up with the existing cutting edge technology.
0 0 Dear Sir, Thanks for providing an opportunity to share our Ideas & requests, most common problem faced by a common man All time is Health & Education where both the segment has filled with corruption my sincere advice is to you is that it has to be nationalized like banks where now a days both the departments has become commercial hence as a common man My expectation is, there should be equality for every one if you agree with my Ideas I have a draft to over come these solution easily
0 0 Sir , It is my recommendation that the ambit of NATIONAL INNOVATION FOUNDATION may be enhanced to all nationals irrespective of age & profession  to pave way for unrestricted flow of ideas. As of now the foundation doesn't generate an e receipt for the ideas submitted which may lead to 'possible' infringement of intellectual property laws.Many like us would like to contribute without seeking anything except acknowledgement.An upload of idea on public portal may be deemed as gift to Govt suo moto
0 0 #suggestion Sir nadan hu par phir aako 1 suggestion dena chahta hu..ki Modi sir aisa ho sakta hai ki Bharat se jatiwaad ka unmoolan (eradication) k liye kya aap mere is sujhaav pe thoda manthan kar sakte hai. Mai chahta hu ki India me se logo ke naam k aage se unka title hata diya jaay. To mere khyaal se is tarike se kaafi had tak jatiwaad khatm ho jayega.
0 0 Dear, PM Sir aap mere hamesha se ideal rahe hain lekin aapne jo castism agenda ko ignore kiya usse mai thoda aap se asahmat ho gaya tha aur mujhe to Mohan Bhagwat sir ki baat bilkul sahi lagi lekin aap thode asahaj lage to PM sir kya aap bhi satte ke lubhaav me aakar aisa kuch kiya hai ya aur bhi koi baat h...?
0 0 Dear Prime Minister of India, To bring corruption at Zero level in our country. ---Please read the document.---
0 0 #MHRD, # #MyGOv I feel that instead of leaving the admission process entirely to university there should be an unique central platform which segregates on merits and students choice of preference for choosing their optional universities 1,2,3 in order of their wish. Also, there should be a central board which controls all admissions in entire country based on merits, location, university preference of students, opted degrees or P.G degree etc instead of leaving it to the freedom of universtiy
0 0 HEAD MASTER GSS MAHMADPURA
0 0 NHAI is forcing Oil Cos to construct Acceleration Deceleration Lane for Petrol Pumps at expenditure of Rs. 50 to 75 lacs whereas road safety can also be ensured by constructing speed breakers near petrol pumps at much lower cost .NHAI regulations need to be revisited
1 0 Delhi pollution controlling method. Please give your feed back to shiv_g2001@yahoo.com
1 0 First of all.. I would like to thank our honourable prime minister Mr. Narendra Modi who has started such an amazing policy MY Gov. Today's most common problem is pollution.. Smoke, dust , rubbish everywhere.. No confusion.. I would like to say that there should be an invention which can utilise this rubbish to generate any source of energy.
1 0 Namaste India as we all know is a huge country and hence we have a lot of waste at our disposal. I have and idea for utilizing that waste, especiallu plastic. Plastic can be used to make roads and such roads don't require maintenance at all. Below is the link to make roads out of plastic. Plus plastic causes lot of harm to the environment, so climate change agenda of oir PM Modiji will also be fullfilled. http://tce.edu/chemistry/process.html
0 0 http://tce.edu/chemistry/process.html
1 0 Many people are doing innovative ideas to solve different problems. But I feel at national level there is no events or medium to showcase their innovation. If we have a dedicated program on some TV channel ask different innovators to register and showcase their innovation every month or every week. This will boost and encourage more people. Also good innovation would be funded or taken up by industries to convert them to useful product. People will participate in large number.
0 0 If India become  a biggest inventor and follower of the world then we become developed. Inventor means we developed new things very rapidly and follower means that if any new things made in any country that is very use for country progress than we take this technology to our country and make it and become second country of the world which have this technology not it after many year like bullet train which will make in 15 year after made. Also we developed that technology very rapidly.
0 0 Goverment should make a rule for bank that they give loan on 0.1 percent to thepeople.it help them to become rich  and Crete their own factory. It help them economically.
1 0 If government help children to make new things with technology and give laboratory for research and study in government schools and allow to children from 5th classes to know technology and made some new and for the research and study. Also give scholarship's and awards for Makeing some new  also give a nano technology book for make some new useful things which help them in their study and research also in their problem and in their family.
0 0 If government  make an practical  book of nano technology which help children to make one new things which help them in there life than they and other peoples become attract to than book of nano technology. If its allow that every sarkari school must have a nano technology book for children from 5th class to higher classes. This help them to become litreat and attract with nanotechnology book.
1 0 It is better to start from the district level exhibitions of schools. We have to promote this level exhibitions and adopt the good inventions by children.. If one or two of their ideas accepted by govt and implemented, it will be encouraging for the others to participate.. Also some reward should be given to them so that the government is acknowledging them for their hard work. Also give chance to the winners for participating in higher level discussions ie. with IIT people or other experts
0 0 My request is that the government of our India apply 2 children policy for the citizens of india for one year. For next year 1 children policy and for third year 0 children policy and for 4th  year again 1 children policy and for the 5th year again 2 children policy. This five year can only control the population  but also decrease it. If population decrease then many problem can solve like pollution,economic problem, illetracy, poorness, etc. By making this rule our India will progress rapidly.
1 0 AIR POLLUTION CONTROL SOLUTION Dear all Please find the attachment and read sequentially  to see Air Pollution control solution mail me to ajayvoice@gmail.com
0 0 62% of our population is rural oriented. In our urge to give education we are giving what the English people gave to us.No new subjects or sciences are added to the regular fare. Agriculture should be taught to the students, atleast to the students in rural area. That way they will be able understand the economic and commercial activities in their area. Also it will prepare them with knowledge to approach their day to day activities. It will also sort of develop their skill.
0 0 In order to combat with poverty and malnutrition we have a plan , to plant thousands kinds of trees which provide fruits , vegetables , edible oil , timber for furniture etc. We can plant these trees and shrubs along (aside) the roads,canals ,rivers and streams and on the edges of the agricultural farms .This will provide a lot of employment and will also reduce the committing suicides by the farmers due to crop failure. Promote innovations in Agriculture and ……….please read pdf in Hindi ,
0 0 In order to combat with poverty and malnutrition we have a plan , to plant thousands kinds of trees which provide fruits , vegetables , edible oil , timber for furniture etc. We can plant these trees and shrubs along (aside) the roads,canals ,rivers and streams and on the edges of the agricultural farms .This will provide a lot of employment and will also reduce the committing suicides by the farmers due to crop failure. Promote innovation in Agriculture and ……….please read pdf in English,
0 0 Promote raw  innovative ideas ,provide scholarships and laboratory &workshop facility to private innovators ,increase outreach centers and deploy able and sincere experts in those centers ,  make easy process .the youth and innovative people begin to think innovative ideas.We have some innovative ideas to solve the problem of power generation and the problem of drinking water and water for irrigation in order to provide 24 hour power to every house and water to every farm but there is no ways.
0 0 when any terrorist on anti national activity found why police or other agency expose it in media??  due to that connected all people  and stop theire activity some while due to that we can't found more avidence for that
1 0 I think for this mission to succeed, we need to develop 'thinking minds' and not just develop but encourage the inherent quality in children to enquire. Our education system, perhaps because of limitations at the level of pedagogy, kills it. encourage free thinking at school, let children explore, do not spoon feed. Change the pattern of evaluations, reward creative, out of box thinking and create a framework where schools can recommend such kids for further training in an advanced institute.
1 0 Similarly for students to know about their career and to make the right decision about their career they should be allowed to take psychology career test to decide their career and to know which field they can choose for further studies.
1 0 Smart class initiative is proving better for the students but often it is shown just as a video.The students after being taught each lesson if asked to explain in a practical way by asking them to form groups and given activities on that particular lesson then they would learn themselves and teach others too and with theory exams quiz should also be given marks.
3 0 Our Indian Education system varies all over the country but one thing is common in all over India it’s the theoretical teaching except for a few schools. Most of the students gain only the theoretical knowledge which doesn’t help in the long run. If with theory we give them real life practical knowledge in class, for example-in physics if classes about magnetism is there then using magnets in class detailed explanation if given to students,  it would help them understand better.
0 0 i could not understand one thing, in INDIA, state board,CBSC, international schools are having different syllabus.How the govt going to monitor or encourage students to think in the innovative way. it may be easily possible in international schools and cbsc,but in state board is not that much easy,In Tamil nadu, state govt have concept of"SAMACHEER KALVI", all the parents are feeling this syllabus is not allowing the student to think.just read the blueprint and write exam and get marks.
2 0 Sir, A SOLUTION TO POLLUTION Treating the Hot EXHAUST GAS of the vehicle while moving, by pumping it through various suitable organic and inorganic solvents housed in 2 or 3 cylinders fixed at the rear of the vehicle to absorb various visible & non-visible pollutants including deadly carbon monoxide, to reduce or eradicate pollution is possible. Fresh Air can also be carried.  More Details @ www.sites.google.com/site/primeprojectideas
1 0 today it's very important to change the system of education..my focus on engineering colleges..i am talking about uptu colleges and others..everywhere we can see lot of engineering colleges but after passing the final year examination when a student go for the job everywhere in every industry they want one year min. experience, So how can we survive.SO in engg. syllabus ..from 2nd sem start the core subject and last year in every university make a hub for trainning purpose and give certificate.
0 0 In each school should more focus on practical knowledge, all student should participate in contest which is related to science practical projects and think further of it. Then only our Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan will achieve success.
0 0 Attached is a pdf file about the same topic. #MHRD #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan #MYGOv
0 0 CBSE needs urgent reform. Our NCERT textbooks and curriculum aren't suited for our ages, and aren't comprehensive enough at all- because now we're FORCED to study from reference books.. We are encouraged to memorise our notes instead of asking genuine doubts. Students who are capable of learning more than their peers are not given any opportunity to learn. This link has stuff I'd like to say (but can't, because of the word limit :/ ) https://theindianavaaz.wordpress.com/2015/06/17/a-6-day-
1 0 hamre desh m AARYABHAT,CHARAK,SHUSHRUT JASE kai vedic granth hai jinko base bna kar western contries invention kr rhi hai to kyon na ham ucch stur pr student ko in par reaserch k liye encourage kre.kyonki morden science aur astronomy,astrology hamre hi granth par based hai.pura morden maths AARYABHATIYAN pr based hai.to medical surgery SHUSHURUTA pr based hai,meicin CHARAK pr based hai.in grantho ki deep study hame ek nyi diha de sakti hai.
3 0 These are my ideas over Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan
0 0 The lab must reach to each child even on his first day in school
0 0 Every child now wants to become a Engineer Doctor or a IAS. Every parent want their children to get a good job and settle down but no one want to become a farmer. Why??? What happens when the biggest occupation in India Dies. Where is the mistake. What will happen when big heads like Ambani makes agriculture a business. Are you ready to buy a KG of Rice for 500 Rs and one chapati at 100 Rs. What is the plan govt. want to take for youth also to choose farming also a occupation of desire.
1 0 Hi, My idea tells you about how to control the traffic on signals and how to implement the fines to the violators.............
0 0 A idea click in my mind regarding swatch bharat abhiyaan... With the help of our scolar brothers and sisters we can make machine in which when a person throw a bottle can tin etc.that person immediately get a 1 Rs.or 2Rs. By that machine and after selling these garbage we will get our money back...by this ma hine people  definately. Get motivated to throw garbage in dustbin...
0 0 As we can see india is now developing fast but to make pace with other countries we have to be practical in approach. In every state there should be practical labs so that we can discover new things and it is very beneficial for our country.  each and every school should have solar panel system so that the students can also learn what is it..and conserve there future....
1 0 Find my innovative idea for roads,drinkable water,digital india
0 0 Government increase the electricity unit charges to make people buy 5 star rating appliances. But for middle class who cannot afford to buy costly, there should be some guidelines for reducing power usage. There should be mass training to reduce power usage in home like maintaining fridge/ac. Also future electronics/applicances should have power consumption rate displayed for better understanding of costs.
1 0 Chennai generates 6,404 tonnes of waste daily, the garbage generated by an average household includes 25% recyclable waste, 60% organic waste and 10% hazardous waste. At least 30% of garbage goes into drains, while many vacant plots and pavements have become unofficial dump yards.Innovative process for collecting organic waste from every household properly, it will make a big difference. Paying a meagre cash/tax benefit say 50 to 100 rs per month will motivate everyone sort garbage.
1 0 Here is a suggestion to simplify our access to multiple web sites by consolidating many different type of web sites in to one and presenting them in one single portal to the user. This consolidation if achieved shall draw immense benefit to the user. Also the service providers would save resources. Please read on the PDF attachment.
0 0 Very nice initiative indeed. For this to happen effectively, the teachers in schools should be relieved of their nonacademic works. Then they will be involved in Abhiyan and do follow up meaningfully. Outside experts will not alone be able to deliver results.
2 0 we have lot of engineers and researchers,but our country farmers count is reducing, Please teach the kids about Agri,Promote the student to do Organic farming in school, let student realize the hard work behind the food they eat.The young India does not aware the healthy food,all are running behind the westernized life style.This is the time to educate our kids about healthy future.it is not simply improving the medical facility. it is making healthy life style by healthy food.
1 0 This schema is platform for the students learn more about science.what about Agriculture?, human very basic need is food,how many schools India is teaching,promoting or giving awareness about agriculture.Lot of people trying to do organic farming in their house.But i never seen that schools or govt are educating the students to do it house or in the school.Healthy food is big threat to our kids.Teach Agriculture in school,create awareness of healthy food.Consider Agriculture also a technology!.
0 0 Today's technology will help to link the students and individual mentors.But Technology alone won't work it needs proper incentives,regconition for the individuals.How to ignite the poor minds with facilities gap in schools is more important! please find the attachement for the suggestions.
0 0 Institutions of higher studies, labs under ICAR/CSIR/DRDO and other institutions should be asked to adopt villages for their local problem-solutions, by applying traditional knowledge system and their research. If these public funded research and higher learning institutes are not directed to adopt villages, they will churn out useless english speaking intellectuals with influence of congress-leftist-secularist(anti-hindu) ideas and always waiting for award-wapsi instructions from their masters.
0 0 Use mandatory period of training in all enggineering courses and use that time by distributing the projects to each engineering college with set Deadlines. Please dont distinguish between private ,govt,central,state and so on..
0 0 I have uploaded a PDF file for the new education policy for national integration . Kindly go through it and I request you to reach me for any further clarifications
0 0 The recent efforts to standardise education are welcome. They must focus on three aspects: Comparing students’ performance, uniform content, and minimum standards.I found that the main thing most people were talking about weren’t their life experiences and how creativity might be useful during school, but about why creativity was important after school. People thought that without creativity, the world would be “stagnant”, without change, and even that society wouldn’t be able to “move forward”.
0 0 Why is India still a developing country and what is stopping it from being a developed country? This particular question strikes me every time when I read something about India’s education system. I see India’s education system as a stumbling block towards its objectives of achieving inclusive growth.India is going to experience a paradox of nearly 90 million people joining the workforce but most of them will lack requiste skills and the mindset for productive employment.
1 0 Reward creativity, original thinking, research and innovation Our education system rarely rewards what deserves highest academic accolades.Deviance is discouraged. Risk taking is mocked. Our testing and marking systems need to be built to recognize original contributions, in form of creativity, problem solving, valuable original research and innovation. If we could do this successfully Indian education system would have changed overnight.
1 0 The mind numbing competition and rote learning do not only crush the creativity and originality of millions of Indian students every year, I believe that if you teach a man a skill, you enable him for a lifetime. Knowledge is largely forgotten after the semester exam is over. Still, year after year Indian students focus on cramming information. The best crammers are rewarded by the system. This is one of the fundamental flaws of our education system.
1 0 Creating a few more schools or allowing hundreds of colleges and private universities to mushroom is not going to solve the crisis of education in India. And a crisis it is – we are in a country where people are spending their parent’s life savings and borrowed money on education – and even then not getting standard education, and struggling to find employment of their choice. In this country, millions of students are victim of an unrealistic, pointless, mindless rat race.
1 0 Education has been a problem in our country and lack of it has been blamed for all sorts of evil for hundreds of years.We have established IITs, IIMs, law schools and other institutions of excellence; students now routinely score 90% marks so that even students with 90+ percentage find it difficult to get into the colleges of their choice; but we do more of the same old stuff.The colonial masters introduced education systems in India to create clerks and civil servants.
1 0 12) Studies show that bicycle commuters are healthier, more productive, and require less time off at work. This is why most enlightened employers are eager to accommodate commuting cyclists. Healthy workers are better workers — and that's good for the bottom line. Bikes are smart business.  Please read all the post and give me your feed back , how to reduce air pollution in the city . Sir i want to post full suggestion in single page its very difficult , please suggest me how to post.
1 0 11) Bicycles provide mobility for those who may not qualify or afford to drive. Not everyone can get a driver's license (or wants one), and the cost of purchasing, insuring and maintaining a car is out of reach for a lot of people. Almost everyone can afford some sort of bike. Other than walking, bicycles are the most cost-effective transportation on the planet. 12) Studies show that bicycle commuters are healthier, more productive, and require less time off at work.--- pls read next post
1 0 10) Bikes cost much less to maintain and operate than automobiles. You'll never throw a rod on a bicycle, and dropping a transmission on a bike usually means replacing a bent derailleur hanger or worn-out chain. Bicycles do require service, but you can learn to perform most of it yourself. Even if you have a shop do things for you, costs will be trivial compared to a car. 11) Bicycles provide mobility for those who may not qualify or afford to drive.---- pls read next post
1 0 9) Bicycling may be faster and more efficient than taking a car. We're not talking about the crazy — and illegal — antics of New York bicycle messengers. But bikes are often faster than cars in urban areas, especially when city designers have set aside proper bike lanes. There's nothing more satisfying as a bicycle commuter than breezing past a long line of gridlocked traffic. 10) Bikes cost much less to maintain and operate than automobiles. You'll never throw a rod ---- pls read next post
1 0 8) Bicycles don't burn gasoline. Fuel is cheap compared to last year, and the economic downturn is likely to keep a lid on petroleum demand for a while. But we're not producing any more oil today than we were when it was more than $100 a barrel. A healthy bike culture will help ease pressure on supply once demand returns. 9) Bicycling may be faster and more efficient than taking a car. We're not talking about the crazy — and illegal — antics of New York bicycle messengers. pls read next post
1 0 you could easily burn 600 calories an hour through brisk cycling. Most bike commuters report losing 15 to 20 pounds during their first year in the saddle without changing their eating habits. 7) You can store a dozen bicycles in a single automobile-sized parking place. Parking lots have enormous environmental and financial impact, particularly in urbanized areas. The more bikes you can get on the road, the fewer parking spaces you need to build. pls read next post
1 0 But bikes make great second vehicles. You can literally save thousands of dollars a year using a bicycle for workday commuting and weekend errands in households which might otherwise be forced to maintain two cars. 6) Using a bike for transportation can help you lose weight and improve your overall health. The health benefits of regular aerobic exercise are well-known. Depending on your riding style and local road conditions, you could easily burn 600 calories an hour through brisk cycling.
1 0 onto the road surface — which means less toxic runoff into local waterways. 4) Bikes save taxpayers money by reducing road wear. A 20-pound bicycle is a lot less rough on the pavement than a two-ton sedan. Every bicycle on the road amounts to money saved patching potholes and resurfacing city streets. 5) Bicycles are an effective alternative to a second car. Perhaps you're not in a position to adopt a bicycle as primary transportation. But bikes make great second vehicles.--pls read next post
1 0 2) A bicycle has a tiny manufacturing footprint when compared to a car. All manufactured goods have environmental impact, but bicycles can be produced for a fraction of the materials, energy and shipping costs of a car. 3) Bicycles produce no meaningful pollution when in operation. Bikes don't have tailpipes belching poisonous fumes into the atmosphere. They also eliminate the oil, fuel and hydraulic fluids dripped by automobiles onto the road surface —  --pls read next post
1 0 1) It's easier to finance a new bicycle than a new car. Thanks to the recession, auto loans are hard to find these days — even if you have good credit. But for the price of a single car payment, you can buy a well-made bicycle that should outlast most cars. Add a few hundred dollars more for rain gear, lights and accessories, and you have all-weather, anytime transportation. 2) A bicycle has a tiny manufacturing footprint when compared to a car. All manufactured goods have environmental --
1 0 We've always taken the greenness of bike transport as a given. But if you're just getting started — or perhaps trying to convince an employer that bicycle commuting is a good thing — we've rounded up a dozen reasons to leave that car in the driveway and start covering pavement on two wheels. Let's ride! 1) It's easier to finance a new bicycle than a new car. Thanks to the recession, auto loans are hard to find these days — even if you have good credit. But for the price of a single car
1 0 12 reasons to start using a bicycle for transportation Economic instability and ever-increasing climate change are just two of the many reasons riding a bike is an excellent alternative to driving. By: Chris Baskind March 18, 2010, 10:20 a.m. Photo: Lighter Footstep We're continuing our look at smart ways to start saddling up and using bicycles for real transportation. We've always taken the greenness of bike transport as a given. But if you're just getting started pls read next post
1 0 he can take bicycle at any nearest bicycle stand, then he can leave the bicycle at different place of the city at a nearest bicycle stand. These all bicycles are identified by magnetic chips and those who want to take bicycle they can use their special cards (prepaid cards) monitored by online computer (Person unique no, address, date & time) to avoid human interference. But Government should create separate bicycle track along with main roads, to avoid accidents. please read further post
1 0 These private agencies can create bicycle stands (Bicycle stand should be space saving stands to accommodate 200 to 300 bicycles at each bicycle stand) at every 2km in the city, near bus stand, railway station, metro station, near government office buildings, education institutes & any other suitable places in the city. If a person wants to travel short distance and if he does not want to wait for any transport system, he can take bicycle at any nearest bicycle stand, then he - pls read further
1 0 Dear Sir, This is a small idea to prevent pollution in all metro cities in India, those who are travelling by public transport or taxi for a short distance like less than 2 Km or more, they can use bicycle specially for High school students, college students & those who are willing to travel by bicycles. These bicycles are operated by private agencies or semi Govt. These private agencies can create bicycle stands (Bicycle stand should be space saving stands to accommodate 200 to 300 bicycles..
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sG9_OplUK8 I believe LFTR is the solution to energy and electricity crisis in India and many more. #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv
0 0 Mam it should be in all district and its advertisement should be more.by which all student  will know about this .And there innotive idea will also come by this idea.
0 0 Respected sir, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan is best campaign and plateform for developing and growing the thoughts of students because there are 64% youngers at this time who above 30.and this is the huge power of Democratic India .it is necessary to give more facilities to students  that's we could do something for our country .bocoz this is the power which can change anything.
0 0 Respected Sir, I have an idea for aeroplane which is not hijakable, please take a look of my design Thank You
0 0 Sir, me and my friends want to teach in government school in additional time with vocational and practical knowledge specially in rural areas. We can do this if you approve this on official level.
0 0 promote electric cars and vehicles by removing taxes. This will reduce pollution, fiscal deficit on petrol and diessel imports can be controlled. Mass transport systems like electric based cable cars. Already bescom cables are running around the city, same cables can be used for cable cars ?
0 0 provide subsidy to electric cars, promote more electric cars, cost of electric cars is very high and it makes difficult to purchase. Other cars which are better spaced are priced less compared to electric cars. why not govt waive of registration charges or reduce the registration charges.Increase the registration charges for petrol and diesel cars by 2 times for the private owners so that the waiver on electric cars can be compensated.Cost of electric car should be less than or equal to nano car
0 0 The "smoke precipitator" could be fitted in the pipe from which smoke emmits and the carbon remains can be used in making buildings.
3 0 Sir please read this as it can be very useful Towards pollution.my idea is dat in cars we can use a small "smoke precipitator" from which the air emmit out will be purified.precipitator will take power from small generators fit in tyres.I don't know whether it work or not but if it work the it can be a big revolution.I cannot work on this project bcoz of my papers so I will like if other person work on it and if it workj then may be cars will move without pollution.
1 0 Sir please read this as it can be very useful Towards pollution.my idea is dat in cars we can use a small smole precipitator from which the air emmit out will be purified.precipitator will take power from small generators fit in tyres.I don't know whether it work or not but if it work the it can be a big revolution.I cannot work on this project bcoz of my papers so I will like if other person work on it and if it workj then may be cars will move without pollution.sr plz tke this in concideration
1 0 Sir please read this as it can be very useful Towards pollution.my idea is dat in cars we can use a small smole precipitator from which the air emmit out will be purified.precipitator will take power from small generators fit in tyres.I don't know whether it work or not but if it work the it can be a big revolution.I cannot work on this project bcoz of my papers so I will like if other person work on it and if it workj then may be cars will move without pollution.
0 0 Madam, My suggestion is on managing global Indian talent which has always been a big problem for the country. We have always been complaining about "brain drain " but have done very little through a structured program to retain and regain our global Indian talents. My proposal is given in the attached document. #MHRD, #MyGOv
1 0 sir, i am having one suggestion that an integrated aviskar abhiyan to be designed in such a way that every one can participate in that. for this i will suggest inclusion if research practices in curriculum. for example from standard 1 modals from paper or clay to included in syllabus.and it must be compulsory. another thing is in every school at least one or two teacher must attend training programme (if possible volunteer) how to motivate children for innovations.
0 0 dear sir . pollution is big threat now. why u donot talk to all multinational companies to start public transport for offices . no car allowed in their office . person cannot come with car either use public transport or auto. second option is all school and college are no vehical zone for 500m so parents should not allowed with car. please modiji if u ask for help from all big companies they definitely help u. please start .
0 0 Sir, as all we know that recently sand crisis are there in the country and sand crisis badly affect the civil industry growth, by keeping this in view my plan is to start an industry of plastic or fibre wall like used in making Washing machine etc. but more thick, this wall will be applicable in all inner walls, toilet wall,because it need only a wall no matter the rigidness or toughness. The wall will be made first by garbage like polythin, e-scrap or the scrap of washing m/c. like scrap.
0 0 sir, during vacation time all the schools remains close. Schools should allow teachers and other professional persons to conduct science and engineering activities, educational mela, practical projects. During vacation time students have free time. If teachers and other professional people get school premise, classroom, laboratories and other infrastructure free of cost then they can initiatives practical teaching and engineering training activities at very nominal rate to interested students.
2 0 Sir,Every city has empty minefield (khadan) from where lots of soil, stone making big holes outside the city for city development purpose, we can develop that khadan (dig in proper level), create fence around it and store rain water there. The spot can be develop as picnic spot for city. Boating, fountains, food stalls, games, gardens, jogging tracks can be developing around it. This affects increase in water level of earth. We can store lots of rain water to increase water level of city.Thanks
0 0 Sir, all innovation must serve a purpose. For example there is 2000 crores being sent for tamilnadu relief. How can it be made sure it reaches the purpose? How can it be validated? Can there be photo proof of officer giving money and the one receiving it available for public display/ future verification? How can we design well to prevent future floods? Is the rain natures blessing in disguise to clear rivers which gave become drainage canals? Can something be capitalized on this flooding?
0 0 Wow a mouth filling tagline "Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan" but sir, do you really think that this will help a bit? I don't think so. Innovation and inventions....... how interesting these words seems to be ! But what's the reality? For centuries these words never meant for indian , for us these are just boredoms. I appreciate this initiative but what I think is that if this initiative would be taken a decade back it might have created a drastic effect, but who cares here just leave that. Good luck
0 0 Sir, IITs or Engineering colleges need to find solutions to problems in their cities. For example the Govt city buses in Hyderabad emit heavy polluted air. (JNNURM buses manufactured by TATAs). Engineering students should find solution for such problems. Also they can be made participants in Bullet Train manufacturing ,Track designs etc in coming Projects.
0 0 1.Firstly ,we have to make science, maths interesting for the children this can be done by practicals and practical examples. 2.Students have fear about maths and science so we have to remove fear among the students by making the subjects more student friendly ,for this we have to give training to the teachers. 3.Govt can open different centers in different areas so that students can go to these centres after school timings.
0 0 there should be clear and well describe policies of ugc and MHRD so that no student is suffer for there policies and has a bad impression about the governement
0 0 While Avishkar, innovation and entrepreneur is important, it is also important to approve patents See statistics in the link below about how many patents are pending because of Governance issues. Not enough manpower to process Patents !! What good is Aavishkar if people never get a patents for their ideas ? http://qz.com/561921/india-is-limiting-its-own-innovation-by-sitting-on-...
0 0 In every field, transparency is required. Similarly in this field also transparency is required. Interested students do not get the opportunity. Students interested in this field should be identified during the school studies. By this they could plan there career in a better and planned manner.
0 0 Sir, this is good to start theses types of programs but it's more imp. To make these successful also so firstly we should see the reality. That is our government school have no quality education no smart teachers or no facility's so should be make teams and take some schools of a state in first step and work there let them introduced from a right way of teaching or digital education if there's student connected with Internet so it can be possible. They can learn basic or advance or innovations .
0 0 Dear Team, Please find attachment. Regards, Ramesh Chand 9818454424
0 0 Dear Team, Please find attachment. Regards, Ramesh Chand 9818454424
0 0 Dear Team, Please find attachment. Regards, Ramesh Chand 9818454424
0 0 Dear Team, Please find attachment. Regards, Ramesh Chand 9818454424
0 0 I am in export import organisation and i am working in this line since 1995 and have experience in manufacturing or textiles hand work because of labour age rules country going to lose or short for karigar for handicraft and karigari work i know goverment have many institution who are giving traning or eduction for the same but that will not on that lable  small boys learning this education from there childhood and that will good for them & many peoples all over india runing small factories
0 0 a small step can change a lots of life. it true that most of schools & college's are doing only "KHANA POORTI" education. and our checking authority are Bribery and inresposible to his job. so the gov. has take thease issues properly and take some inniciative.
1 0 Share Your Views...hello
0 0 dear sir, my suggestions on avishkar abhiyan are: 1) digi India to be introduced in schools soon 2) HYV seeds available to farmers in low price 3) schools for adults in rural areas 4) hygiene campaigns in rural areas 5) one dustbin should be provided after every few distance at the side of roads 6) a free lodge or inn for poor near railway stations, to avoid them sleeping there Manushree Singh class 9 DPS Satna
0 0 Hello, If we can directly send subsidy to the people Then why we cant send official charges to the govt. bank account so corruption become slower.
0 0 Hello, If we can directly send subsidy to the people Then why we cant send official charges to the govt. bank account so corruption become slower.
0 0 Sir my name is Rahul Tiwari.. I am from lucknow city.. Kindly enlarge the rain water harvesting program upto new area... So that we can feed our hungry people... We are more hungry then poor... So we does not need money first.. We need food first and only 2 billion for rain water harvesting would be enough to feed our population.
0 0 Inventions are always linked with innovative ideas & to grow that culture it have to be join with education system from very early age of students by activity based learning programmes which must be coordinated with latest scientifical finds & our institutes must colabrate top tecnological entities of the world to learn our kids about innovations from early age
0 0 Dear Sir , I would like to suggest 3 Layer safety feature for currency Jaihind uday
2 0 Dear Respectfully prime minister of India. I am shivam asati living in amgaon MY Question is raise when on zee news  I watch  DNA on Benefit of cow for enivornment . in that interview one organization which using Gobar gas in filling cylinder for house use as well as for vehical as a substitution of LPG gas  and also mention that if gobar gas plants as new sector for government for gas production
1 0 Dear Sir , I would like to suggest 3 Layer safety feature for currency Jaihind Ashish
0 0 Dear Sir, Attached herewith the proposal which can save our future generation by eliminating the dependency on OIL import and in Bonus can save cow as well without any Law :) also will make healthy India.
1 0 Sir agar is abhiyan ko successful  krna hai to humare india me engineering college me ko join krna  kyu ki student bahut aacha soch sakte h unhe topic de m yaha sirf iit college ki baat ni kr raha sabhi engineering  college and ho sake 10th se 12th student ko join krna chahiye ek baar me ek topic pe discuss kre or wo topic jiska sbse aacha lage usko use kre or ye sb ek time limit  honi chahiye
0 0 Earlier we read "Awashyakta Avishkar Ki Janani Hai", but now the climate challenges demand "Innovation is a necessity for survival of mankind" (Avishkar manav sabhyata ke sanrakshan ki zarurat hai). Jai Hind, Jai Bharat....
0 0 I suggest- 1. Creativity and Innovation should be included as part of curriculum. 2. It can be a class period in first phase and lab task in second phase. 3. Students should be mentored and motivated by experienced professionals. 4. Once domain of innovation is decided, Student should be given a chance to have interaction with the concerned industries.
0 0 I suggest here that the government should promote, by giving financial subsidy or any award, innovative ideas in any field by which India could be a self sufficient country.
0 0 India industrial product are good in concept but have lack of theoretical calculation which is must to have sustainable product development and growth. Under this abhiyan we should prepare such Model which give Practical as well as theoretical understanding to convert their "Aviskar" into reality.
0 0 I also observed that due to drastically populations growth govt need spent good chunk towards subsidiary and thus allocation towards research is decreasing. Need to take some steps to control population for Nation prosperity.
0 0 I also observed that due to drastically populations growth govt need spent good chunk towards subsidiary and thus allocation towards research is decreasing. Need to take some steps to control population for Nation prosperity.
0 0 Dear Sir, I believe as a agriculture nation we have not did sufficient towards agriculture research. I observed that still farmers have to purchase seeds and pesticides etc, those products are dominating by MNC company. We need to built several agriculture colleges and research centres across the rural districts in which we need to provide curriculum for producing seeds in house, water reservoir technique, latest technology of farming and farming equipments, and also English communication.
0 0 Students are afraid to do things differently because it may not be in the course. Homework should not be mere copying and should be objective type. More practical's should be encouraged. Teacher's should be updated with present scenario. Students thinking laterally should be encouraged.Smallest of inventions or discovery should be rewarded.
0 0 It is a very good initiative by government. The current education system in most of the schools and colleges is  theory based. To motivate students to create inventions, learning through practical or observations is very important. Majority of students are afraid of science and maths. It is taught in that way. To carry out more inventions we need more participations. It is a high time we change our education and teaching style.
0 0 My view, like computer lab, chemistry, physics etc., all Govt. schools should also have a lab on climate change demonstrating renewal energy experiments, recycling application and other energy conservation experiments.
0 0 I appreciate the views expressed by PM Shri Narendra Modi in USA on the issue of Brain Drain-Brain Gain. My suggestion is to restrain the Brain Drain from India, India currently not able to pay higher Salary Package to the scientist. But India should frame such Policy/Package to the New Comer/NRI Indian Scientist that they should be compensated by future Indian Government Bonds(ie after 5 10 year) with interest for loss of their salary. Then only India will be Super Power in the world. JAI HIND.
0 0 In my view, like physics, chemistry, computer lab etc., all schools should also have a lab on climate change demonstrating renewal energy applications/experiments, waste reuse/recycling application and other energy saving/ energy conservation applications/experiments.For this institute like TERI ( Tata institute of energy research) and PCRA )Petroleum Conservation Research Association) should collaborate. BEE ( energy conservation) books are one of teh best reference to include in curriculum.
0 0 1- I think just bringing prof from institutions is not enough. Other people who did outstanding discoveries in India should go to schools/colleges to ignite minds. 2- Wide publicity of local inventions by people/ students is a must to motivate others.   minuscule coverage in news is quickly forgotten. 3- hight quality youtube videos, interviews animations, are needed to educate people about India discoveries.
1 0 Respected, prime minister, In order to promote digital India, me and my friend ( Nirakh Rastogi) have designed a digital calculator which can solve the physical units along with the numerical values. I know this invention seems to be small but ignoring the small mistake could be harmful . I'm attaching a PDF file , kindly have a view and I know it would be attractive and helpful for citizens of India and world . We both will be highly obliged. Thank you sir
1 0 Respected, prime minister, In order to promote digital India, me and my friend ( Nirakh Rastogi) have designed a digital calculator which can solve the physical units along with the numerical values. I know this invention seems to be small but ignoring the small mistake could be harmful . I'm attaching a PDF file , kindly have a view and I know it would be attractive and helpful for citizens of India and world . We both will be highly obliged. Thank you sir
0 0 Respected  Prime minister Sir, In order to combat with poverty and malnutrition we have a plan , to plant thousands kinds of trees which provide fruits , vegetables ,  edible oil , timber for furniture etc. We can plant these trees and shrubs along (aside)  the roads,canals ,rivers and streams and on the edges of the agricultural farms .This will  provide a lot of employment and  will also reduce the committing suicides by the farmers due to crop failure………….please read pdf in English
0 0 .  Please promote innovations , provide suitable environment and platform to new innovators.  Deserved Individual innovators should also be paid a scholarships similar to Phd students. Laboratory and workshop facility should be also provided to these innovators. ………….. Please read   pdf files
0 0 Respected  Prime minister Sir, In order to combat with poverty and malnutrition we have a plan , to plant thousands kinds of trees which provide fruits , vegetables ,  edible oil , timber for furniture etc. We can plant these trees and shrubs along (aside)  the roads,canals ,rivers and streams and on the edges of the agricultural farms .This will  provide a lot of employment and  will also reduce the committing suicides by the farmers due to crop failure………….please read pdf in english
0 0 Hello Sir! This is Supriya Bhartiya an MCA student. I heard a show in a news channel discussing on the topic of Electricity and its generation. Yes, we do have solar energy that we can utilize but apart from why not we generate it by own. My idea is we have lots of people doing gym work each day it only burn their energy and generating money for gym owner why not we ask our engineer to make a gym machine such a way that during exercise machine could generate electricity and stored as backup.
0 0 Namaste Manyabar Pradhan Mantri ji, Main Teacher k birodh me kuchh complain deni chahati hu. ye govt teacher logo ki strike dekhkar jo bhi decission le raha h wo hum aam janata ko manjur nehi h. ek teacher k hath me humari desh k bhabisya h. wo agar educated hoge or thik se teaching dege to desh or bhi unnati karega. opsc ho ya ssc h ya phir railway k exam hota h bahut hi hard question padta h. or phir uski bhi 3 test lie jata h. teacher logo k q nehi. we need right educated teacher.
0 0 Organize national level competitions for innovations or Science projects 2)Allow everyone to submit ideas online through a innovation Web Portal and reward them 3)Trips should be taken by all the schools to visit industries, labs, science centres to explain real use of science. 4)All afternoon classes till 12th std should be used for practical sessions & to boost R&D capabilities & creativity. 5)homework should be given productively that helps in generating new ideas in the young minds.
0 0 Dear Sir, I am P A Cariappa, with out "innovation" and "Creativity" and also with out "Research" "India" can not move forward , so I request the "Govt of India" to invest Money hugely ,and judiciously , so that new information will emerge, and our country's growth prospect will increase in huge manner , and also our country "Net National Income" "GDP" , will also increase, and our country will become a "Super Power". Regards. P A Cariappa.
0 0 creat a favourable environment for innovation .By focusing on 4 basic  points.spreading awareness (identyfy First)education (enhance skill)motivation (encourage efforts)support (Delivere Results)with these 4 major activities1.identify2.educate3.motivate4.support and all these will leads to create a enviorment.
0 0 innovation favourable environment development plan 1.Identify( step one - make eyes and ears :level wise(Step Two - create or develop centers for counseling & training : By colabration /ppp etc... Step Three - keep motivate both center and candidate by expert help / contests / fests etc.Step 4 - Support both in terms of finance/ technology / recognition/growth / opportunity
0 0 creat a favourable environment for innovation .By focusing on 4 basic  points.spreading awareness (identyfy First)education (enhance skill)motivation (encourage efforts)support (Delivere Results)with these 4 major activities1.identify2.educate3.motivate4.support and all these will leads to create a enviorment.
0 0 'Improve democracy through education". School syllabus from primary school onwards should have chapters on "How to vote". They need to be taught not to vote for caste,religion, language, family etc. Explain politician bureaucrat industrialist nexus works. Essays/critiques in high schools on what ails democracies especially in 3rd world countries work. We r suffering from "jaisi praja waisa raja" effect & hence even well meaning politicians are losing out as illiterate voters cannot understand.
0 0 Education system - firstly remove reservation system from education, Remove scholarship to SC ST OBC. Reservation in Govt Jobs Otherwise wait & watch this destruction
0 0 I feel training of teachers teaching science needs to be trained and rewarded if they achieve thier objectives along with the students. These innovation to be taken forward by promoting child with higher facilities and guidance. It has to revolutionized or else we will become a factory of producing world class scientists for the Western countries and brain drain will continue. Pl do something.
0 0 Innovation took developed countries where they are today. China once far behind I30 yrs back  gone far ahead of us now. We need to examine both. West made revolutionary innovations with protection of petents and created hi tech infra in thier school & colleges while China did evolutionary innovations aimed at product, performance and price improvements disregarding petents. We need to decide stetegy based on what type of innovation we want.  First create infrastructure at schools colleges.
0 0 indian students have great potiential to orient themselves in all feild esp seience.using basic principles to generate electricity,using household material,if through this stage ,they got opportinity.we can resolve many problems such water purification,this can also be solved using various basic resources which are economic,if gov provides  an opportinutiy student will show their worth in for growth of country.
0 0 1) We shall organize competitions at school level and let the school send top ideas to next level and ultimately to national level. 2) We can allow children to submit ideas online as well. Means/bias should not be a handicap for idea submission.
0 0 #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan Setup commission at school level (district level/ state levl hierachy) to develop skills and incorporating them from childhood. Small kids can give brilliant ideas which even adult cannot think off... Make commission accountable for developing kids in the district / school for this things.
0 0 Education purpose is to apply knowledge in real life applications & this is we do when we create a participatory learning environment in classroom where students learn from their on pace able to understand why they are learning light,sound,algebra and where are the applications of my learning.
0 0 Respected PMJi, We need strong education system. This must provoke children to focus on R&D. As we are less focus on our technical development, we are relying very much for global support & that cost huge money. For us to be sustainable developed Nation, we need strong institutions which only works for INNOVATION on NEW Technology. DRDO, ISRO & other institutes need to have roadmap for next 10, 20, 30 & 50 years for technological advancement. Funds should be released on success stories ONLY
1 0 Dear sir, I request you to set up a commission to study how to improve our R&D system in DST and those under PMO.
0 0 Dear sir, Our research centres should publish (within themselves first) the challenges to invite ideas to solve it in a time bound manner. This will promote innovation and coordination among all scientists and engineers. The current system of CSIR inviting research proposals from colleges/universities have a lot of flaws. The requirements should generate mostly from industry on imported high cost components/technology or improvement of the existing one.
0 0 Dear sir, I would like to congratulate you for almost abolishing the service extension business. Now I would like to request you to introduce both forward and backward assessment among all cadres of scientists. In the current system those go along with the system is being pushed up and those with real talent and hard work is sidelined. So please introduce some mechanism that posts are awarded with well defined responsibility to deliver even after retirement.
0 0 Education is greatly affected by a lot of factors in our country. Finance, exposure, methodology, platform and mentoring are the major ones. I have formulated 5 interdependent projects to address these simultaneously. - Total tenure of successful completion of first phase is approximately 30 years, and this is a nation wide implementation program, inviting mandatory participation of citizens and government. I would also like to actively parricipate along side Govt. Please reach out to me.
0 0 I think our state education policy is such that it not allows student to think innovative. we have at least an effective national guideline for innovative idea.
0 0 Sir, during my school days i felt that i had some inovative ideas i think and belive that these inovative ideas should be discussed with teachers and for incouragement a prototype of their ideas should be generated so that their ideas get more refined and applicable.A healthy comptition and rewards can eaisly attract more inovative minds to participate.
1 0 All afternoon classes from LKG to 9std & 11std should be used for practical sessions & to boost R&D capabilities & creativity.Since students brain is so active during morning session,on average during afternoon session brain usually not ready for learning purpose,so utilize that time for playful practice of what they learned in the morning session.Allow them to use experiments,maths derivations using pictures etc.Construct extra lab classes for each learning rooms.Have swimming class every week.
0 0 There should be tax reduction for those citizen who take initiative for environment protection initiatives like solar installation, biogas installation rainwater harvesting etc.
0 0 Management colleges in Kerala demand 25 to 50 lakh for a lecturer post. All this will be going to the black money segment I am sure. Tose who cannot afford this remain job less as the Govt vacancies hardly come.
0 0 Research is now being projected as an option in our studies..Many of those who took it and pursued earlier are jobless and it doesnt give a right wibe to the younger generation.For eg  in academics area in Kerala no vacancies are declared inspite of mass retirement .Government manages with guest vacancies. Thousands with PHD are job less as they are past the age limit for many other posts.
0 0 The age limit in research area linked jobs should be removed. This would enable many brains which had earlier migrated to return to India.Presently the question of insecurity is holding them.Age limit concept is not there in many foreign countries especially for very special jobs like research.
0 0 Research scholars in various national institutions can be engaged in this activity. A call from PMO/MHRD can be sent to all the institution asking the interested scholars to join in a platform to serve this noble intent. Both way, the young minds will be ignited. A special honorary award can be declared for value addition to it.
1 0 Dear sir, I am passed out from NIT and worked for leading company in its  R&D division.Corporates too have responsibility in Innovation.Government should link discount on corporate tax on basis of no. of patents application filed not on basis of expenditure on R&D.Corporates should be persuaded to sponsor projects in IIT/NITs and these expenditures should be considered for rebate in corporate tax.We should celebrate innovation week,innovation nite innovation day across all companies in India.
1 0 Dear PM i am a student of engineering but in my college, i found that on the name of engineering college it's just an examination center because the rate of innovation and technology. Teachers just tell us the theory that's it in labs we just do last year repeated practicals.You want a digital India but innovation in these type of institutes are null. Some of the students of all branches even don't know their aim . I request MHRD ministry to keep check on these colleges
1 0 I have been working at contractual post in Central Govt. Office since 5.3 yrs (total exp. 7.6 yrs) @ salary that not suitable for survive. I possess UGC-NET (LS), MLISc, M.Sc, BLISc, B.Sc and published 42 papers in Int. jrls., conf. and 7 chapters. My date of birth is 20/11/1979 (36 years) and due to over age, I cannot apply for more posts. My children hope that my father gets Govt. Job very soon but what answer should I given to them? after gaining the edu., exp., and talent, I am answerless
1 0 Following are my suggestions. 1.Science exhibitions should be conducted in every school, two times a year. 2.Trips should be taken by all the schools to visit industries, labs, science centres to explain real use of science. 3.A very grand science project competition should be held by government at an international level every year.Selected indian participients will be guided by proffesors of IIT's, NIT's and other remarkable scientists by video conferencing. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
1 0 Its a good initiative. I would like to add below suggestions to make this more effective. 1. science exhibitions to be held every year with a cluster 10-15 villages as a unit. winners are allowed to enter district level competition. at the same venue there should be lectures/demos by renowned scientists to encourage students. 2. R&D should be allocated 3% of GDP funds to increase research facilities and to attract more people towards research.good results encourages students to pursue research
0 0 Our Lucknow Ancient and most appropriate city for being made educational hub, as it is culturally famous all over world.
0 0 this is a good initiative no doubt but i wonder how to entrust the feeling of curiosity to wards science technical streams within the aspirants the techsavvy children can be addressed by using some competitions qiuzzing methods. but bringing large number of students interested into science  technical fields need more direct methods young minds are very impatient a speciallised way of approach as to engage the minds in this science temper needs wor to be done at grassroot levels
0 0 it's a good initiative. in our government and even at private school , there is lack of quality education.i firmly believe that if iit's professor or respective field area expert will interact with the school student by the visual medium in their language and in a lucid and a simple manner then i think that we can generate more national assets as a scientists, engineers or many things .  i think emphasis should be on the basic and on the fundamental science.
0 0 There shall be only 3 types of syllabi in India 1)state board of concern states2)CBSE3) international syllabus.language of instruction may be vary but syllabus shall be one for State boars schools and matriculation school under state board.ICSE shall be merged with CBSe so that single central syllabus can be followed
0 0 My husband is a farmer, he wanted to give his daughter higher education. Her grandparents sponsored her education as v cudnt afford and sent her abroad. V are repaying w/o fail our loan amt to SBI every month. V are being refused by our bank to link our loan amount to base rate from bplr rate from 2010and 0.50% concession given for girl students from 2009,all our repayment are going for interest. Please help us v r requesting only to link our loan to existing base rate and concession for girls
0 0 I think, I can invent Time Images Portal in which one can see future, past or present. This will work on human brain dream imaging factor. As some human beings are able to see some small sights of future or past  figures in their dreams or in some unconscious conditions during the inclusion of chemicals released in special conditions in minute quantity. And by using patterns and other info we can formulate it into images. Thus, we can achieve future, we can see future. But how......
1 0 In schools studies should become more practical giving examples of real life and demonstrating them which will help creating of interest of young minds in fields they love. And homework should be given productively that helps in generating new ideas in the young minds. They shouldn't be forced to do work but create innovative ideas getting inspiration from history.
0 1 In IIT or NIT admissions are only based on performance in exam mostly prepared by coaching classes hence it is required to have a basic innovative skill search provision from class 8th onwards and their marks should also counted in above admission.
0 0 In school, to ignite minds of children, it is very much important to give practical knowledge of as many science project as possible (other then syllabus as well). This will really help them to start thinking ! #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv
0 0 It is of utmost importance for such initiatives to work that the mentors and the school teachers should be proactive and do it whole heartedly... i feel our approach to schooling and education should be application based and not exam based...Its a great initiative...all the best to Govt. of India
0 0 It is necessary to have R&D sector in government as well as private schools subject to limited categories. Subjects like robotics, program coding, space study, minerals and ores, machines analysers and other innovative subjects can be introduced and implemented from class VI. The choosing of those subjects can be made optional to the students. Apart from these subjects,R&D dept for the subjects like science,geography, biology to be made available and they should form a part of academics.
0 0 sir government must make a website were students who developed something,how small it may be ,can upload it's videos or description about it and students can even ask for fundings for their respective projects and ideas which must be inspected by a committee of intellectual and if they find the idea worthy government can fund it like it's done in crowdfunding sites this will solve the biggest problem of a inventor or a discoverer and fill him with courage
0 0 sir the curiosity among students for science and mathematics can be increased by showing them how a particular formula or equation is practically implemented ie by not just making be a book worm but rather help them study by observations so to do this we must get help from technology like using e learning presentation on various topics which includes theories as well pictorial example as well and were on topic as mind remembers images for a longer time also this will help in developing intellige
0 0 There is no scarcity of Qualified, Trained and Talented Teachers/ Faculties in India but success of Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan depend upon political will and time bound  monitoring. Investment in Research & Development and Human Capital bring multiple fold return to country but we merely 0.8% of GDP invest in Research which is far less than Some of Developing countries.
0 0 Welcome move of HRD Ministry to introduce Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan but success of such Abhiyan is myth because; it required Qualified and Trained Teachers/Faculties in our Educational Institution s but reality is 6250 vacant post of Faculties in Central Universities and 40% to 50% vacant post in various State Universities, some of Government Schools in Bihar, UP and MP running without trained Teachers or one Teacher for School.
0 0 There are  many practical  innovations  available with  National Innovation  Foundation  and other  Research Institutions.  Dedicated  group  of  Scientists and Agricultural  Scientists should  identify useful  ones and  spread  awareness and encourage farmers  to  implement those  that  suit them.
0 0 This is a good initiative. And can really make difference to young minds to strive them towards innovation. In my view, along with exposure and monitoring students, it will really help if interested or so curious students are picked to work/help(may be from 10th std onwards)  IIT/IIM/IIScs' real time projects for a duration. so that it would really ignite and MAKE real impact in their carrier selection in a long term way.
1 0 NEW TECHNOLGIES MUST BE DEMONSTRATED TO THE STUDENTS AND MUST MAKE A ERGE IN EVERY STUDENT AND MAKE HIM / HER FIND NEW TECHNOLGIES BY TEHMSELFES AND IMPLICATE THAT AND SHOW THAT TO OTHERS
1 0 E-Admit card can also be introduced to give exact location of the examination centers to the candidates coming to give their exams. using bing maps is good option for this.just a link which will redirect to the bing map showing exact location
1 0 alternate to Petrol, saving forex to buy crude oil and reducing pollution all these three major problems can be resolved if we were able to convert all our domestic vehicles from Petrol driven to electric driven ones.  For that an industry chain has to established to produce and distribute high voltage lithium-ion batteries, strong DC motors and a network to channelize these to public. I am confident that our eng. faculty definitely has the capabilities and is a matter of political will 2 moveon
0 0 This is a very good initiative, but since there is a low percentage of population using internet word is not spreading in masses what Govt. is doing about uplift of country and public instead a wast majority is still under influence of communism and inequality. I think PM should use "Man Ki Bat" platform to raise competition among students about establishing and suggested solutions to three most prominent problem  s our country is facing now. In my own views pollution, petrol prices and Dept.
1 0 There should be common Indian data bank for the subjects and titles for research & recommendations to coordinate the research
1 0 this initiative should be reachable to every citizen of india. there are many talant roaming in India aut dont get proper channel to prove themself. Some encouagement and proper guide can make this project more successful.
0 0 Sir, The focus should be on innovation in health and health care needs. How can every child be immunized apart from mission Indradhanush what else can increase the utilization of immunization services? How can private sector be involved in Rastriya Avishkar Abiyan.
0 0 2. One should go digital with all govt schools connected via online link. Pvt players and Open Source solutions exist for them even in rural areas. I can give more details if necessary. One should set up a two way link to ensure that cameras in these schools monitor what happens to the equipment and the programs in general to make the school staff accountable.
0 0 Reach is a very important Issue. It is not possible for a small number of IITs/NITs to reach a large audience. Two solutions 1. Undergraduate students in premiere institutes have to gain industry experience and thus cannot effecitively "Mentor" in internships. However the Graduate students like M.Tech and PhDs should be given incentives to do short internships of mentorships which adds to their skillset and looks good in their resume as well. So it is highly recommen
0 0 RAA is good idea, but how it will reach the village students, Ultimate aim is to reach to the original beneficiaries then we can achive te goal
0 0 The infrastructure, capability and other resources created in Computer Centers of the Universities has remained untapped due to ever-changing policies of UGC. These units may be assigned to tie-up with neighboring schools for training, mentoring and coordinating with other units in the university, local government and entrepreneurs or industry. Direct transaction among Computer Centre, school, industry and Ministry. Targets may be assigned after initial agreements. Schools may change in turn.
0 0 Dear Modiji, You are the only Prime Minister who has given equal emphasis and priority to Laboratory (Research) and Lavatory (Hygiene) for the benefit of common man. Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is an initiative in the right direction to tap the potential of young ignited minds of our Country. What India requires is not only imparting knowledge but also fine tuning that knowledge into 'Wisdom'. Kudos to you and to your Govt. for initiating such programmes to get a Brighter India.
0 0 Good initiative and will help students to build the foundation for digital and innovative India. Along with this, at their early stage of education, students should be made aware of the various opportunities that will be open when they complete their education. A detailed vision on the various opportunities and the guidance for the course to be taken up will help in diversifying the skill set and contribute in different fields.
0 0 There is an urgent need to integrate industry with academics.In this, students will get the experience of specialists from the industry and students can think, study and try to find solutions to the problems in the industry through their research.I have tried this in Insurance education and has found it works well. Infact some of the students I interacted have joined industry and they continue this. Unfortunately there are no incentives for industry academic integration in service industry.
0 0 sir, i think the students and research scholars of IIT/NIT can also play important role by becoming intern in these schools where rashtriya avishkar abhiyan is going on.
0 0 I could not find the right category to write my post but nevertheless I shall use this platform it may nit be appropriate: Respected Mr. Narendra Modi – the Prime Minister of India, Sir, we all see where there is a legal binding on some unethical activity/practice, there shall be a discipline in that arena. Likewise, in India, we lack in having an ethical practice in journalism, most of the instances/cases/as the case may be from decades!!! Attached file has concern on the issue.
0 0 Sir, You are doing a good Job.  For Example Sukanya Samriddhi is a Win Win situation for Govt and People.  But Check this link  how it is giving negative look.  http://www.sukanyasamriddhiaccountyojana.in/drawbacks-of-ssa-sukanya-sam....  Please get them behind bars who are against India's Growth.  Jai Hind.
0 0 SIR BEING A INDIAN CITIZEN I GETTING FRUSTRATED AS YOU & OUR GOVERNMENT IS SITTING IDEAL. PLEASE DO UNDERSTAND OUR YOUNGSTER ARE NOT GETTING JOB. ALSO TO LIVE WITHOUT JOB IS LIKE A SLOW DEATH DAILY. SIR I WANT TO OPEN TRAINING CENTRE SO THAT I CAN TEACH EVERYONE WHAT THE INDUSTRY IS DEMANDING FROM THEM. MY PLAN IS TO UNITE EVERY PART OF INDIA . I WANT ALL MY BROTHER SISTER GET PROPER SKILLS TO DO JOB NO MATTER THEY ARE FROM AMY FIELD . I WILL DO ALL THIS BY VIDEOS,INDUSTRY VISIT
1 0 SHRI MODI SAAB,Britisers have done Most Sinful activities in our Nation like OPENING a COW-SLAUGHTER house for 1st time in our land & Converting INNOCENT NAGALAND tribes into Christians & ARE now FORCEFULLY converting in our NORTH-EASTERN states.Our NATION has LARGE & WIDE SCOPE of DEVELOPMENT in North-east.RSS reports RELIGIOUS IMPBALANCE of population in the North Eastern states has assumed 81.3 perce serious proportions.In Arunachal, Bharatiya origin of 99.21% in 1951.Came down to 67% in 2011
1 0 Some of the retired teachers or peoples from technical domain having vast knowledge and experience, are quite interested to share the knowledge. some arrangement can be made so that experience and knowledge can be used in school or colleges in ruler area. I think it might be more effective in colleague areas.
2 0 If we want education to be a movement, why not add a title touch of glamour? How about Prime minister himself explaining (a+b)^2 to the students in any video hosted in YouTube or icseindia.org - he did it well in Canada speaking in front of NRIs there and relating it to the friendship of India & Canada. How about king khan teaching p=mf or Sachin teaching the structure of benzene. Seeds of interest in western education needs to be sown in the spiritual fertile land of rural bharat.
0 0 Sir,our education system needs continous updates.Not only in CBSE our NCERT but major State boards should also change their patterns by regular feedbacks and upadation. Sir this is the major problem of todays time that students of villiage area are not getting perfect education,which is the major concern to think,this can be improved by regular seminars and inspection over teachers.Also government schools and teachers should have workshops to update their knowledge with time regarding syllabus😊
0 0 This is good initiative. In academic teach children in practical way. For example ask question about how the cell phone works. Make curiosity among them and start teaching electronics. Ask question like how food cooked in pressure cooker and from it teach physics. Plant trees and tag it with their botanical name and ask the children to collect maximum name by creating a game.  Practical example are from daily using or visualizing products make the children to learn easily.
0 0 Use ADHAR Card Database for Election ID Card and Election Voter List and IT should be linked with the Birth Certificate to Death Certificate and should be used to all kind of ID & Residence Proof in Bank and Passport and as PAN also so that the Voter List will be most updated without spending the money and efforts and slowly ADHAR card should be mandatory in all kind of Major scheme and Educational Institutional and Hospitals and these Institution should update the information as Mass Load
0 0 after bihar the opposing force has become strong.set up a group to counter these forces.apply all means to control these people.everything is fare in war.learnt from congress how she had tamed mulayam,mayavati etc.what about your fast track court to finalise the cases against corroupt politician. 2.for giving ideas/contribution towards my govt.you must evolve some incentive scheme to the contributors otherwise people will be distracted slowly.why someone should work without incentive.
0 0 lessions should learnt from the defeat of bihar and delhi 1.control the byan bagi of leaders of bjp and allies party 2.PM JI spend and concentrate on central govt,leave the states to state caders do limited compaign. 3.take action against corroupt politician of all party.why lalu is uotside the jail. 4.reshufle the cabinet,remove some 10-15 minister and appoint competant leader.ex remove s irani,jaitely ji etc. 5.manage the dissident group of your party-lk advani group,give some work to the
0 0 Sir, Topic on Manufacturing Sector is missing. This is the field after Farming Sector which Employees maximum No. of Workforce. If given any opportunity would like to discuss about the Push that is needed & the way the SME Sector can reduce the Burden of Imported Items by Import Substitute Items Manufactured in our Country itself. Their is no Derth of Talent only a Merry Motivation and Govt. backing in Initial stage. Dhanyvad. Dhantrayodashi Ki Apa sab Ko Hardik Shubhakamanaye.
0 0 This is a noteworthy initiative on the part of the government. I strongly feel that in otlrder to make all science subjects more exciting the schools can start off with more visual kind of teachings. Like for making pupil understand the idea of projectile motion or any other mechanics related ideas some 3D short documents can be presented. Similarly for understanding the atomic structure such short videos can be very helpful giving them a visual idea of the undergoing phenomenon.
0 0 This is indeed a good initiative to bring about a change in the young minds that perceive science and maths as mundane subjects. Mentoring by prestigious institutions and competitions like Google's 'Code to Learn' might also help. Teachers and school staff can also be encouraged to take up training in the mentioned fields and provide continued assistance to the students. Some other things can also improve. Some sort of direct participation of the citizens would be better. Jai Hindi #MyGOv
0 0 Sir, please more concentrate on 1.Development 2.Price Rise and agriculture 3.Good Governance 4.Good Delivery system 5.Competent team get rid of extra baggage & non governance issues, people will take care of it. we have high hopes on you and you are competent too. Regards
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, TO Highly boost the CONFIDENCE among TEENAGERS and Youth of our Nation can be easily Motivated BY REALLY OFFICIALLY CHANGING the name of our country from India as to "BHARATH" which is our real ANCIENT name. If we are able to change names from BOMBAY to MUMBAI, MADRAS to CHENNAI, Calcutta to KOLKATA. Please Believe this IS WILL DEFINITELY CREATE GREATEST people on the earth in our COUNTRY with BEST MORAL VALUES along with SUCCESS. Name INDIA reminds us that PAIN with degradation.
0 0 1) High price - Please take steps 2) Corruption - Please act fast on this agenda. i will list more .. Please do act fast. Development is secondary.
0 0 Modijii Decision  is good on retirement age 60 years or 33 years service which every is early. I wishing as state government also incorporate  retirement age 58 years or 33 years service.
2 0 modi ji there is something wrong with EVMs please check
0 0 BJP OWNERSHIP Adhocracy is a flexible, adaptable and informal form of organization that is defined by a lack of formal structure. It operates in an opposite fashion to a bureaucracy. Adhocracy is characterized by an adaptive, creative and flexible integrative behavior based on non-permanence and spontaneity. It is believed that these characteristics allow adhocracy to respond faster than traditional bureaucratic organizations while being more open to new ideas
0 0 BJP CAN ENJOY THIS MEANS Tetracameralism OR Tricameralism MEAN'S House of Assembly House of Representatives House of Delegates
0 0 BJP WILL HAVE CREATE NEW  An international parliament is a branch of an intergovernmental organization tasked with legislative powers and thus establishing a hybrid system of not only intergovernmentalism, but also supranationalism. It could be based on a predecessor inter-parliamentary institution or a newly established organization-level legislature.
0 0 parliamentary group, parliamentary party, or parliamentary caucus is a group consisting of members of the same political party or electoral fusion of parties in a legislative assembly such as a parliament or a city council. Parliamentary groups correspond to "caucuses"
0 0 ONLY एकात्मक दिल्ली राज्य = Unitary delhi state STAND'S FOR LIKE Kazakhstan Unitary delhi state Presidential system WITH THEIR Unicameralism MEANS  is the practice of having one legislative or parliamentary chamber. Thus, a unicameral parliament or unicameral legislature is a legislature which consists of one chamber or house.
0 0 Kazakhstan Unitary state as example
0 0 Unitary delhi state = एकात्मक दिल्ली राज्य /// good example as The United Kingdom is an example of a unitary state. Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland have a degree of autonomous devolved power, but such devolved power is delegated by the Parliament of the United Kingdom which may enact laws unilaterally altering or abolishing devolution.
0 0 Unitary states are contrasted with federal states (federations) and confederal states (confederation):
0 0 एकात्मक दिल्ली राज्य === Unitary delhi state mean's A unitary state is a state governed as one single power in which the central government is ultimately supreme and any administrative divisions (subnational units) exercise only powers that their central government chooses to delegate. The majority of states in the world have a unitary system of government
0 0 टाइमॉक्रॅसि = सम्मानतंत्र  =  महाजनतंत्र  = timocracy mean's =where only property owners may participate in government. The more extreme forms of timocracy, where power derives entirely from wealth with no regard for social or civic responsibility, may shift in their form and become a plutocracy where the wealthy and powerful use their power to entrench their wealth.
1 0 Innovation is where out nation is short behind in last few centuries. For this there are few ideas I have: 1. Instead of fixed syllabus of science we should focus more on science projects for students, which are not just paper and print but real life examples. 2. As the hype of dance and music concert is created in such way there has to be promotion of innovative ideas and seminars. 3. Language should be easy to understand for all of life of great inventors which will create interest.
0 0 yaa.government doing dam good work by lunching such stuff..but its really work?im an engineering pass out student and education taking under scholarship.i fulfill my all the responsibility by filling all d data and form related to my scholarship.and my college also done there work.but because of some technical problem my form wasnt forward so because of that my college is not giving my tc.and all because of this in my college professors are not get paid form three months.who is responsible fr it
0 0 Education needs should be catered in all the levels of grades. Theoretical and practical understandings approach to be pertained in holistic way. Every topic has to be provided with the imminent outcomes and significance.
0 0 we all know that the pollution is increasing day by day and one of the harmful one is increased use and throwing of plastics on ground, which will not decompose. I have an idea that as like the water purifier set in every village/area,the machine which melts the plastic and use the melted plastic as material input for 3D-printer integrated with it and plastic is reused.People can bring the home collected plastic to machine, put it in and select a product he/she want to make just by putting Rs.5
0 0 We have a conformist model of education (where children learn from the pre-determined content) and a gated (only those who secure certain scores move up the system). The system is ideal to produce conformists or workers- factory model of education. It needs to be overhauled to allow imagination, thinking and creativity at the core of education and this cannot be nurtured with conformist and the gated kind of architecture.
0 0 FROM - UPUGPD DURG CHHATTISGARH 491001
0 0 1. Children must be taught to have an inquisitive, curious and answer seeking mind. This can be done by asking children themselves to find day-to-day problems which they face in their daily life and sharing the same with the entire class. All students of the class may be then encouraged to find solutions to these problems and one solution must not match another. They must justify their solutions rationally and scientifically and a panel of teachers from various faculties should evaluate the sol.
0 0 1) Research needs consolidation and coordination among all the universities & Lab. Research to be streamlined to eliminate duplication, useless efforts and focused as priority. 2) Interaction between the private enterprise and research institution should be encouraged.
0 0 Aadhar card k jariye LPG booking m corruption ruka h. Ise public d
0 0 there around 10 lakh+ engineers passing out per year in India but how much they contributes in research its equivalent to non. now its time change the old tradition like wise in M.tech. you must have a published research paper for completion of degree in many colleges. this pattern must been followed during undergraduate engineering courses which may force them thing more about research and its help in developing new technology here in india. #MHRD #MyGOv
0 0 Through this Abhiyan we can achieve our goal to reach the children and participate them in various programmes related to aforesaid topic but it is difficult to ignite the students because of communication facilities particularly in villages.
0 0 science subject is removed in std I.only maths and english is taught in state board schools.kindly include science subject from std I onwards
1 0 (1) Credit or Debit Card swapping machines must be made mandatory on all shops having daily cash collection more than 10000/- (2) Nobody should be allowed to keep cash more than 100000/- at home, maximum transactions must be made online or thro' cheque. (3) Heavy penalty must be there for rule breakers
0 0 Ban blue LED in kids toys,& reduce its usage unnecessarily. since they directly affect eye retina, Also promote research in nano technology field to develop new blue led which does not affecting retinas.We know that many insects emits lights on their own,so it is having a huge potential on research them & you can use the same technology to produce electricity using sugars & proteins which are readily available. This technology is helpful in submarines & space ships,with big export potential.
0 0 Building escalators in all railway stations is a time taking effective process, but till then govt can implement slopes in staircase steps in either middle, or left or right sides.So people carrying big suitcase & luggage's can easily roll them to cross the platforms. Now a days most of the suitcase bags coming with wheels,& also ready made metal carriers with wheels are available in market. But most of the railway station platform bridges lack slopes which are vital to reduce people suffering.
0 0 Allow pan no to add with all purchases,like fuel,groceries,movie tickets, house hold article & market purchases,school or college fees, electricity, water bills, jewel purchase,insurance paid & everything. So users can add pan to all purchase.Using that they know how much service tax paid to govt. If a person paid too much give them returns or deduction in their income taxes. This also enable if a person showing low income but purchased lot every month showing they are hiding their incomes.
1 0 Like express trains make all passenger trains  interconnected,so people can move from one carriage to other to find seats & utilize the space. Now it is not possible since all carriages are not  interconnected. Moreover this allows them to run as express trains in case of high demand or to use when not running in busy routes.To avoid problems in ladies & physically disabled coaches & unreserved coaches, join them also, so police can patrol & prevent any problems occurring in that coaches too.
1 0 India has a large volume of coal & lignite mines. So develop factories with ingenious technology to convert them into carbon fibers, graphine & carbon sheets. They are very strong than steel & can be used to build railway coaches,buses,ships & planes.Till now we are importing them which causing big national debits. Also by using them Fuel consumption is considerably reduced & building time for railway coaches also reduced further.This provides more jobs & more income to nation economy.
0 0 Still now India yet to develop a successful incineration methods to dispose solid waste which are occupying big land sites.So it is also an another area where nano technology & bio technology has to play & develop fast bio degradable incineration system. This is a big headache for all city corporation to find solution. The solution must be efficient & environment friendly & capable of disposing 5000 tones of solid waste in a single day, as this is what every city producing in a single day.
0 0 In cities people are cleaning manually the glasses of big building,hanging at terrible heights.Often meeting accidents & loosing life. This can be solved by using UAV which on operating remotely can spray solutions,water & wipe glasses. Also this type of  UAV will have huge demand in world markets as till now all the country using manual means to clean their office buildings. So developing this type of UAV for both domestic & international market will create more jobs & give good returns.
0 0 Bring WIFI coverage for entire country using satellites. With help of ROV technology to their Tractors, Seeders, De weeders, Harvesters farmers can do agriculture from home.Develop cheap antenna which communicate with satellite & provide WIFI to their farms, using this farmer can do agri in cheap manner despite of weather condition.Also this tech. allow graduates to lease farmers lands & do agri. sitting from city office building. Future RO humanoids can be allowed to construct houses,roads
0 0 For civil crimes & low Criminal offenses instead of putting them in prison allow them to do community service. So instead of spending money to prisoners,we can generate income, also if they are not doing properly increase punishment periods.To this govt should establish a network of monitoring community cells which works under prison mgmt. Cleaning govt schools,roads, lakes,rivers,painting govt offices,govt hospitals etc. Govt should record the prisoners work, with picture & video as evidence.
0 0 Make food,houses,medicines,public transports free for every person born country,For  earning people give this as deduction in income tax & for non earners give them as incentives. Bring this process as an humanitarian measures across the world & ask UN ensures each country adopting this as a compulsory measures. Now days due to competition, business lobbyist- money carving mentality,even a good graduate with full skills finding tough to survey. Despite of having enough resources poverty persist.
0 0 The electric lines in railways are kept live all the times,so lot of energy is wasted due to transmission, instead by using GPS know when the trains crossing the lines & keep them live only when the trains passing them or between the stations, So lot of electricity is saved & reduce the train running cost. Keep detectors in each stations so the lines between the railway station will be live only when trains passing them other times they will be switched off. So transmission loss is prevented
0 0 Country is having large coastal areas,and uncultivated lands around them. Make law stating that if a land is uncultivated for 5 years and if it is  one km from sea, then it can be utilized for prawn cultivation.Still now 1 kg of king prawn selling 1000 rupees in Indian local market & abroad it is even more.So allow graduates by providing loans to utilize this unexplored potential. Since sea foods are one of the rich source of omega acids for immunity,health & reduce poverty around the world.
0 0 Despite of success on Swach Bharat, there is no enough evidence to publish its success. So develop a website which allow people to load their cleaning mission happened around their areas with date,time if possible with pictures.Also allow online mobile number where participants inform about their activities,to BJP party members,who can visit those places & record the events along with having touch with the people. So it is a means of both campaigning & forming links to the like minded people.
0 0 Nano technology should be used to produce universal Anti-venom for all types of snake venom's. Because of unable to identify the snakes,despite of having anti-venom many people died due to incorrect antidotes. Universal Anti-venom at cheaper price will prevent lives & also it will be more useful for our military force deployed in dense forest. Treatments like make venom solidify on the affected part by applying some ointment & prevent it reaching vital parts,then enable body to neutralize it.
0 0 Lot of railway lands are  underutilized so allow graduates, private people to cultivate jetroba plants, & in turn produce bio diesel which can reduce large fuel imports. Every railway station master should be in charge of this process,allow local graduate by open tender each year to cultivate,maintain and produce the jetroba seeds. Also allow private people to take tender online to any no of stations. Use same process for national highways lands,bus stations,govt office lands,uncultivated lands.
0 0 If an agricultural land is not cultivated consequently for three years, then on selling those lands should pay a sum of fine amount additionally to the registration offices by both sellers & buyers. So if farmers or not cultivating their lands this will motivate them to lease them to graduates & private players to cultivate and give farmers their shares. So empty lands are not allowed without cultivation, more over many graduates will get jobs,& economy will raise further. Encourage big farming.
0 0 All parcel office in Indian railways are not computerized, even their railway station got computerized, but these offices are left computerized, under staffed, despite of huge potential & income from this dept,very less measures are taken to produce higher income & higher usage. No fork lifts, no mini lifters, even most time person who brings the parcels are asked to place them in coaches. Make staff available for 24 hours,use bar-codes to track parcels real-time,send sms about status to sender.
0 0 Most  Hindu temples are brought under state & central governments, despite of income levels most of the temples does not having proper RO water supply.99 % temples supplying well water, pond water or bore well tap water.Due to long time of usage these water are having high TDS contents & salty too. Govt should pass law to make compulsory set up of proper RO based water supply in all temples around India. Ask big temple like Tirupathi devastanam to donate RO for all Hindu temples around India.
0 0 Allow children & college students to find the area where people defecating in public, based on these records,allow local BJP members to arrange for public toilets & encourage local people to use them.Teach people to keep clean. Encourage women to force their husband to keep toilets clean by taking in-charge for each day,by one family for a month. Also finally encourage local panchayats  to put fined who defecating in public. It may be a daunting task but if we started now it will end in 5 yrs.
0 0 Last UPA period,while leaving the post they announced that any medicines banned in US,Japan,Europe are also banned in India.But it leaves a loop hole where lot of medicine kills only Indian & south Asians,those medicines  are usually not banned in above countries.By this loop hole lot of medicine which gives severe health problems,& finally death to Indians & south Asians are still in the market.Indian medical system should identify them & block them to save innocent Indian lives & the Families.
0 0 Sir I have a idea to reduce corruption upto very satisfactory level. So please give me some time so that I can demostrate this to you. I hope when you will listen to me than definately you will like my idea and you will impliment it for indias growth. My plan to reduce corruption will generate revenue for India and as well as provide jobs to number of people in india without any financial requiremet from government.Please give me some time to explain my Idea. for the sake of nation welfare.
0 0 We at SEVA - Surat Engineering Vikas Association has proposed few programs
0 0 We should set up “ Industry Need Based Project Centre “ at every district level Here, the Industry can put up their development related inquiries or seek an assistance from academias, and at the other end, the students can get projects, as a part of their curriculum.
0 0 We can make student chapter in each school, which will connect all schools in the one district, and they will be connected to the state level. After that we can handle several competition to encourage the student to take  interest in the science and maths.
0 0 I mean organize science compititions in schools and colleges.  Inovatives should get financial cooperation to work and participate. We may ask RND companies who work on that to participate.
0 0 Promote students ;-Mendatory practical work and practice for students of that particular subject. Specially science students need to present their projects. Select innovative from them and promote them. Orgnize special workshops in school, colleges and university to inject scientific temperament and approach in students.  Select innovative in them. Promote them like sports competitions.
0 0 Need to announce a Research Scholarship for top 10 brains from highschool who have innovative and creative potential.
2 0 Two things that I forgot to mention were that, shredded plants along with some binding agent will help to get some shapes like bricks, cylinders or any shape that make sense based on application. second point that I forgot was during season when trees starts shedding leaves, people pile it at one place and lit it. That's absolutely waste of energy in power hungry nation. The leaves can be shredded binded and be used in brick kiln industry. So this is going to be small challengefor our aviskaris
0 0 Today I read about farmers burning paddy in Punjab and Delhi is getting affected. I suggest that, instead of burning paddy or remains of wheat,rice,etc. We should develop a way to shred it into powder form and then by using ecofriendly chemical, could be cow dung and later use it as manure or places where water gets logged than burning. It can give rise to small scale industry on its own.
1 0 In respect to Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan, I want to suggest that, There should be research programme on economic development. Which type of products will give employment to grass root level at maximum level. The various items in respect to agricultural and mobile/ internet user can earn by using and playing mobile and earn some money by its use. There should be research and earning of people should be increased by such types of research for development and growth of our nation
1 0 Election Voting by Internet. Dear Modiji, Many citizens cannot reach their election booth stations on the election day, since they stay far away from their election home town. I believe at least 20% fail to vote on election day since they are not able to reach their poll station. Many are working in various parts of the country, so they are unable to vote. Election Voting by Internet ( using linking system between Election Card/Aadhaar Card ) will save paper work/smooth and confidential. Thanks
0 0 We need a change in our education system. The present system focuses on rote memory skills. We need to evolve to an education system that promotes creativity, self learning through experiences, etc especially at a younger age. Our present system produces excellent workers but very few thinkers, scientists and entrepreneurs.
0 0 All primary schools need special B.Sc. teachers. Science laboratory kits and material are required.
0 0 koi bhi website chahe koi bhi government ki ho ya government job jaise ki rrb ye sare website itne complicated kyu hote hai?....recruitment ke bare me samne malum padna chahiye...easy language use hona chahiye...recruitment kaha hona hai? exam kaha hona hai? ye sab koi bhi jankari dhundhne par bhi jaldi nhi milti aur bhi koi jankari saamne nhi rahti bahut andar tak khojna padta hai....to kya phaida ye sab websites ka jise use karna itna complicated ho?....ye sab easy aur home page par hi sab ho.
0 0 aarakshan isliye honi chahiye taki garibo ko aarthik madad mile, naukari me koi aarakshan nahi hona chahiye...naukari me talent ke hisab seletion hona chahiye na ki reservation ke hisab se.....warna talented bache ko mauka nhi milega aur koi kam padha likha aaram se naukari karega...ur-70%,sc/st-passing marks(35%) aisa kyu?..isse dusri problem ye hogi ki log duplicate caste certificate bhi banwana suru kar denge.....isliye kaise bhi kamse kam job ke liye reservation khatam hona hi chahiye.
0 0 Well trained National Service Scheme Volunteers in colleges should be entrusted with the duty of mentoring school children in villages .
0 0 yes i am agree about  this new education policy.
0 0 FOSTER PARENT/ EACH ONE REACH ONE/ FAMILY SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (FSR) Scheme: PM may appeal to middle & upper class urbanites to ADOPT A STUDENT from rural areas as the FOSTER PARENT, assisting the student financially & emotionally in coming up in their lives. This will offer the benefactor the psychological benefit of giving back to the society in a tangible, way. Many poor rural children will get urban exposure and come up better and sooner, also reducing the burden on their poor parents.
0 0 I think it better when government take job guaranty from the colleges at time of given out them permission to open educational institutions..!
0 0 For promotion invention attitude among students among students of grade 4-6 ,necessary steps to be followed should be:-
0 0 Dear sir, madam, I would like to draw your kind attention regarding a solution for the grain storage by farmers - Please do study of israeli project GrainPro Cocoons™ . It is decentralised farmer owned storage of grains for 4 yrs . It be Indianised  version of the storage which can be cheaper,durable .Sarpanchs can be involved where small farmers can store their produce grains. pulses for many yrs , It will help in food security and draught solutions . Kindly do study of this project. Regards
0 0 Respected Sir Request you to please start 1 central UGC COMMISSIONS for all India Education systems , syllabus With 1 Proposal Application Forms of all Education Student All rights reserved by Central Govt specific to Fee's & Structure of Schools & University
0 0 Respected Sir Request you to please start 1 central UGC COMMISSIONS for all India Education systems , syllabus With 1 Proposal Application Forms of all Education Student All rights reserved by Central Govt specific to Fee's & Structure of Schools & University
0 0 Respected Sir Request you to please start 1 central UGC COMMISSIONS for all India Education systems , syllabus With 1 Proposal Application Forms of all Education Student All rights reserved by Central Govt specific to Fee's & Structure of Schools & University
0 0 Respected Sir we can stop paying Donations at Schools All Fees of Educational purposes will be by Cheque or NEFT from Parents Account Now a day's there is dancing competitions in Schools Fees due to less availability of institution Govt of last 50 years had bluffs ppl just to earn black money
0 0 Respected Sir we can stop paying Donations at Schools All Fees of Educational purposes will be by Cheque or NEFT from Parents Account Now a day's there is dancing competitions in Schools Fees due to less availability of institution Govt of last 50 years had bluffs ppl just to earn black money
0 0 1. by giving them topic's on project work divided ex. military, biology, chemistry, environment etc. 2. taking test and ideas from them 3. providing some help to their work by providing them atmosphere(nearest research center's visit for month or week + regular check ) 4. publishing the invention, or research work(and shutting all bakwas newschannel)
0 0 Respected and Honorable Prime Minister of GREAT India, I pray you as my ALMIGHTY, STOP privatize public sector banks, IDBI Bank who really do our Nation,Economy Development thru all Government schemes. Many industrialists and corporate people have pooled black money in private banks.IDBI Bank employees wrote National level competitive IBPS Exams and got their job on merit.where will 18000 families go? once Privatize, they lay off employees.Realy pathetic.PLEASE STOP PRIVATIZE IDBI BANK. JaiHind
0 0 Respected  and Honorable PM, I hope we need to revamp our education system like FINlAND Country Education System.Kids are allowed to play, sing/dance and learn till the age of 5 to 6 and then  admitted into schools.There, morals/value based teaching, Gardening, Yoga, Meditation, NSS, NCC, Farming  and Study Visit  must be taught right from their childhood. Thanks Sir, Jai Hind!
0 0 The Agitation of Education in India has produce large population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading. Now as per G.A.T. agreement the Education!!! is a trade of so the teaching too. Does the HRD Minister is knowing what is INGENUITY? & keen to develop the same from 7 th Std. then there are few to suggest the programme for the same. Other wise straight way follow R.S.S. chief and see the results in five years!!! OR follow the guide lines of Vivekanand-RAJOGUN AVISHISHKAAR
0 0 New education policy is good but teachers should get more time to educat students in classroom0classroom
1 0 Respected Sir There must be 1 Govt National Newspapers or E Papers Subscription on below 1) Employment News 2) All Govt Published Tendring 1 for India 3) All Ministry must have 1 National E Newsletter updates These E Newsletter must be 1 for all Govt including state Govt
0 0 Respected Sir There must be 1 Govt National Newspapers or E Papers Subscription on below 1) Employment News 2) All Govt Published Tendring 1 for India 3) All Ministry must have 1 National E Newsletter updates 4) Special in Education sector update These E Newsletter must be 1 for all Govt including state Govt
0 0 Respected Sir There must be 1 Govt National Newspapers or E Papers Subscription on below 1) Employment News 2) All Govt Published Tendring 1 for India 3) All Ministry must have 1 National E Newsletter updates 4) Special in Education sector update These E Newsletter must be 1 for all Govt including state Govt
0 0 Respected Sir There must be 1 Govt National Newspapers or E Papers Subscription on below 1) Employment News 2) All Govt Published Tendring 1 for India 3) All Ministry must have 1 National E Newsletter updates 4) Special in Education sector update These E Newsletter must be 1 for all Govt including state Govt
0 0 Respected Sir There must be 1 Govt National Newspapers or E Papers Subscription on below 1) Employment News 2) All Govt Published Tendring 1 for India 3) All Ministry must have 1 National E Newsletter updates 4) Special in Education sector update These E Newsletter must be 1 for all Govt including state Govt
0 0 Rashtriya avishkar abhiyan is very useful and innovative but it should be taken seriously for making highest level scientist like dr. kalam
0 0 Original research needs lot of hard work, dedication, competent guru for guidance, enabling environment and motivation etc. These things are not available in a proper manner, in present times, in the universities for obvious reasons. With personal experience, I have observed that Meditation helps a lot in overcoming these shortcomings and it gives me the mental balance and piece for the research work. My suggestion is to encourage meditation is research organizations. i am ready to contribute.
1 0 Respected MODI Sir, recently Dr.SHASHI Tharoor explained about why we don't have at least ONE university in world's top list of 100.Because More importance to improving innovation is required & sadly we are only producing 2.8% of the research output in the world. As a result, there are only 3 noble laureates in the field of science & technology till today. WHY can't we encourage PRIVATE companies to visit IITs & help fund those important PROJECTS and STUDENTS who work for cutting-edge TECHNOLOGY
1 0 Respected MODI Sir, recently Dr.SHASHI Tharoor explained about why we don't atleast 1 university in world's top list of 100. Because they measure according to basis of 30% world-class research and 30% cutting-edge technological innovation as key aspects by QS-RANKING &Times Group.And, in US &Germany almost 75% money for HIGH-end RESEARCH in funded by the PRIVATE companies to avail good commercial benefits Unlike our Nation where almost 80% RESEARCH is funded by Government only. ENCOURAGE PRIVATE
0 0 The Indian ancient wisdom has several advanced innovations in every field related to humankind living.  Now there is an urgent need to open a Department of Ancient Sciences under the Department of Science and Technology.  A network of teams from premier Institutes may be formed who will work on specific areas like aeronautical engineering, agricultural sciences, medical sciences.  They can be assisted by the Scholars in Sanskrit who will help them translate the scripts.
0 0 I have an idea where we can collect money from the tax payers where we can raise more fund to R&D as well as raise fund for Defence sector R&D as well which in turn will drive "Make in INDIA" policy. My idea is simple if Government can exempt the tax for the donation amount paid for Country's R&D purpose i see lots of people come forward in donating money for this purpose.And this will also in turn make sure black money doesnt end up in some country's bank or in private locker.
0 0 Using 'Tangrams' to enable children’s spatial,math skills in primary schools (INDIA) The proper way to use tangrams in the classroom to enhance children’s mathematical skills and inturn Visual & Spatial thinking need to be identified and brought in the Pre Schools and Primary Schools of India to enable children's Visual- Spatial & Mathematical Thinking. These proper Brain trainings helps them throughout their life term in various educational and social activities.
0 0 sir corruption still remains a very major issue but no resolution so far and i live in M.P city jabalpur here corruption is deep rooted so much that every politician is working for his own interest .no planning for the people.plz ensure that corruption free india is very important.
0 0 INDIA : Clean,Green,Spacious,Vibrant,Positive Enviornment. Land Planning: 10% of Total Area 2 BHK (G+100) for every couple family. Only 65Lac High Rise Reqd for 130 Cr Family. Flaura/Fauna Planning: 70% of Total Area (No Human Resi) (Promote Wind/Water/Air Energy,Agriculture/Forest/LiveStock, R&D/Pharma Indus). Education Model-Simple Living High Thinking: Adv Connected Educated-Scientific-Technological PeaceLoving Human-Animal-Nature Strong Bonded Service Oriented Cultural Value
0 0 Dear Sir, I am very exited when i came to know that, our citizens have started not availing LPG subsidy who are capable to do so, but at the same time i worried about subsidy for MPs and MLAs in parliament canteen, electricity bills, telephone bills, and traveling. Please consider this point, how can we expect a citizen to not use the subsidy if the capable MPs and MLAs are not doing the same. This question is being raised in social media.
0 0 sir, after teaching for 12 long years in primary classes in kvs i have observed that primary classes are not addressed by the principals because the authority want a good result in 10 and 12 only. much stress is given on that side only. even if a secondary teacher who can teach well are not supposed to teach in primary for the welfare of students . My suggestion regarding this is to empower the  principals to take decision freely in the benefit of young bloomers.
0 0 I had been a pre-primary and a Primary teacher.Based on my observation,experience & knowledge of child's psychology I would say that each child has wonderful ideas when he is young,he has dreams..No one is there to listen to the child's dream and we are the one to make him  forget that God's given dream to him..Pre- primary children in India should learn chanting shlokas,meditate and do yoga,sing & enjoy songs in different languages,Learn basic manners .Please don't stress them to learn.
1 0 Respected Sir, We innovate when we imagine .The main disadvantage of our education system is we are unable to imagine things as we are always under the stress of courses and examination.My suggestion is some basic portion of engineering like electrical work,assembly of electronic items,plumbing,repairing of bicycles,etc should be taught to students from fifth standard so that the child can build up image & from image an innovative mindset by visualizing such items and building upon it.
0 0 Concentrate on  basic requirement of govt school in our country specialy in madhyapredesh very bad condition Please verified  and punish responsible person are not working properly........................................................
0 0 A district wise innovation award to be created and making them to state level innovation and subsequently national level innivation award
0 0 Firstly to give awareness for studies and to give scholarship to those students who attend regular class and also for those who is financially background is poor and so that they too have good attitude in learning and to remove caste based scholarships.
2 0 Most important step is removing caste based reservations system from the study. For this reason gaps is created between those students
0 0 Respected sir, it's a great initiative. But I think there are certain ground level work need to be done. For eg, education should be politics free, cast and gender free. Donation should be be ban. Because of this good students doesn't get a chance to study. The teacher, professor should be knowledgeable. We need to change the images of govt school and colleges.now a days we can see in news that professor has been betten by student political party. Then where is the respect to teachers.
0 0 First of all the education system be changed. In our current education system, there is no chance for student to think innovative manner. Most of the schools are working for ranks. Curriculum should be framed in such a way that teacher and student community should play a vital role. Teachers will polish the ideas of the students and give them proper guidance to workout on the ideas.
0 0 "No child left behind" mission should be expanded to all SAARC countries including Pakistan Teaching computerscience exploits the natural interest in computers and reaching computer science means maths and science(all sciences ) can be covered--this is across castes ,communities and even countries endeavour
0 0 "No child left behind"  should be the basis of education;teaching computerscience covers maths and science together.this should be teh basis of support for "Digital India" mission.Also it means all inclusive;welcome all efforts in this area
0 0 We can go two ways, first is very easy by just calling the applications from the aspirants. Another way is to put the projects on the web and  willing and connected citizens will distribute them to the mechanic level. We have very good potential at this level. They will come out with their works. From there we can share the work done by diff people and grow further with the groups of same interests. This will fulfill one more purpose of creating a database of investors. From there on w
0 0 To make Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan a success, the government should pursue a policy of "exposure rather than books" in schools. In today's world we are surrounded by technology everywhere. Every student knows everything about a phone without even touching it. If students, from the beginning, are taught the wonderous world of structures of the mobiles and appliances and how to make electronic applications,etc., they, on their own, will explore more and invent and experiment with technology.
0 0 Dear Sir I am currently a M Sc student in tumakuru karnataka.. i think if we get trained up we can be a part of vigyan avishkar if we get opportunity to teach children... hope U give Chance....
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 No one is not even reading my mails TWO mail to PMO - PMOPG/E/2015/0047878, Dated- 30/07/15 , PMOPG/E/2O15/0053664 - Dated - 05/08/2015, one Grievance - MONRE/E/2015/00082 are unanswered only status flashes UNDER PROCESS. I can produce 100000+ MW of CLEAN n FREE ENERGY / no TRANSMISSION LINES NEEDED /all NEW n UNTAPPED SOURCES / at only 10 to 15% of TODAY'S GENERATION COST. no one is listening. sir I'll keep trying as I know I'v sitting on something which can / will change the course of clean en
0 0 elhi is declared world's most polluted city and a resident of New Delhi won 2nd prize in IEEE ITEC-2015 International conference for designing an electric road transportation system for zero pollution. This invention offers zero pollution by offering Metro like Bus on road for better public transportation. No car free day, No traffic,No pollution. Save Life's on Earth. I offer Govt to start Delhi as 1st zero pollution city of world. Ref: papers.sae.org/2015-28-0069. Need Govt coordination.
0 0 RAA has some prerequisites:1)Govt.schools need basic instruments in their science lab.2)Children need good teachers,make it mandatory for NET qualifies to teach at least 3 months each in a govt.school.3)Keep these Pvt.players like google away from encroaching the minds of our children,they have the potential to lure them to survitude.4)Encourage science exhibition and inter-school quizes and innovation meets.5)teachers should be well trained.6)publish weekly science magazine for govt.schools.
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 1 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR): The following are the suggestions: •	The corporates shall be allowed to deposit the CSR amount with the banks which shall be treated as CSR amount spent by the corporate. •	The education loan quantum can be a percentage of the CSR amount deposited by the company with the bank eg. around five times of the CSR amount deposited by the corporate with the bank. This way, the banks would be more secured and more willing to extend educational loans.
1 0 NGO's such as the barefoot college (http://www.barefootcollege.org/about/) who specialize in providing education to the rural areas could be invited to provide their input on these matter as they have a proven successful track record in these areas
0 0 I believe that the education system as a whole needs a overhaul. The quality of teachers as well as administration in many government schools is substandard. Teachers in general are underpaid and uninterested. The only way to make inroads is to attract talent to this profession. This scheme, if well implemented, will change the way education is instilled. The students will surely be responsive to intelligent and interested persons teaching matter relevant to real life rather than rote learning.
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
1 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space...
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 sir,I have a method of free of cost electricity production.It does not require any raw materials nor any natural power.it runs on itself and a universal law.it does not even produces any harmful emissions or leaves any residue.it produces much more electricity and takes much less space to built than any other systems .it is not at all complicated to built and not expensive either.sir ,i want to explain this method to you so that the world gets out of this energy crisis.due to lack of space......
0 0 Sir to achieve this mission gov must start with school level.the gov must organise contest to check ability of students.gov must make a separate institutions of this project.and at end we can think of success.
0 0 SIR I HAVE AN IDEA FOR ECO-FRIENDLY POWER GENERATION. THE COMPLETE DETAIL OF THE IDEA IS APPROX 1 ENTIRE PAGE I AM NOT ABLE TO FIND ANY PLACE TO SUBMIT/SHOW MY IDEA. PL DO THE NEED FULL OF THE BETTERMENT OF THE NATION...
0 0 Importance should be given for science or its related subjects. Govt. have to open various study/research base institution. we have to remember that engineering/medical are part of science, so we have to give importance for BSC/MSC or PHD/DSC. Indian Institute of Science have to open its campus @ each 300/500 KM & minimum 2 for UT and 4/10 for States.
0 0 Our Nation Crosses Veto Power Countries I submitted my invention to DRDO via to PM  office Invention Model Movie in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbO8zCguvPA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrkuP6Ba8SQ http://www.xavierraja.com/linkswithgovtofindia.php And New Science in my web   www.xavierraja.com
0 0 sir i think we can start from school level for that we will have to setup a special fund for Rastriya Aviskar Abhiyan. 1.there should be a project submission for each class having marks for that. 2.from all the projects, school will select best one and this will go for state and national level 3. Finally we can select best projects and fund will work for project requirements 4. we can do this for college level too. 5.open competition for persons not related with college & school.
0 0 Respected Sirji, - Introduction of skills courses such as soft carpentry, electronic circuits/robotics, basic computer programs in schools. - Program to identify students showing talents at early stage, award scholarships/tax rebates to parents to encourage them - Conduct yearly competitions to encourage schools - Encourage kids to write essays or reports on their favorite topic. No premeditated topics. - Yearly visit to places such as science center or such
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Good Evening 1.children adopt Science stream. 2.jobs in B.Tech students in Lockal area.
0 0 Respected Sir, 1. Tax benefits for parents whose children adopt Science stream 2. Special Recognition - Scholarships and Awards, for young scientific minds 3. Feeding informal channels of communication - benefits for TV channels which encourage science based entertainment shows, web portals - quiz contests - attractive prizes, cartoon shows 4. Formation of a 'Science city' in all major centres 5. 'Rashtriya Avishkar Centres'- all institutions Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 According to this proposal kindly adopt a sequential method to increase the ideas generated by the students and also be more vigilant on making stress free atmosphere for them for a better output.... Because some of the institutions are making enormous stress on students on projects and it is definitely will not help the students in anyway , from the survey conducted by me.
0 0 NIOS has recently increased examination fee as well as admission fee. It will become almost difficult to get admission in this institution.AI are asked to deposit Rs 15000 for five year service and 50000 as deposit safe money.It appear institute will impose this burden to the students. would government check this loot.
0 0 This programme should be promoted extensively in all schools across India.
0 0 Respected PM, My suggestion under this Abhiyan is to launch one Indian Based social network App as like whats app. for chat, call, security. As we all know more than 50% Indian are in between 20-30yrs of age group around 600-650 million are youth. If 50% of that generation (300-325 million) use that social media app we will get one new source income, and is become a Part of both "Make in India" and "Digital India" Policy. And is also become part of Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan.
1 0 First the items of research should be identified with the scheme of awards for the prime problems and given to IITS/ RESEARCH INSTITUTES  to  find the economical viable solutions .The items suggested are-1-commercially viable and compatible PV cells.-2-dissociation of carbon dioxide into carbon and oxygen, 3-fast growing grass/trees with minimum water requirement to convert desert,s land into fertile soil.4-bio degradable plastic-5-devlopement of RO drinking water system operable on solar power
1 0 Dear PM Modiji, It would be highly appreciating if the birthday of late Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam is declared as the national innovation day. We have got a lot of unsung innovators in the country who are not getting proper platform to showcase their talents. On this day every year innovative science exhibitions can be  undertaken and introduced in the schools. This step will groom and enthuse our students for creative innovation that will in turn contribute towards nation's development.
0 0 In my view, We are having a lots of schemes to encourage the innovation in India, But the problem is the implementation of such schemes. We have to make one single mechanism, where basic infrastructure can be provided to the schools where we find most of the future innovators. Schooling in India is a very big problem. We dont have teachers in most of the schools in rural areas. First, we need to appoint good teachers through much more transparent process and provide the tools to children.
0 0 use of renewable energy sources.and affordable price available in the market
0 0 Respected Sir we At Pradeep Alawani@ Associates 213,JAI Commercial Complex Khopat Thane Maharashtra have come up with innovative process of Automated Distribution meter & System to curb losses in Electricity,water Gas,also smoothly managing many allied project in cities, It has almost taken 3-to 4 years to detailed concept and now at a stage we are almost on verge of reality to demonstrate our product to Honourable Pri Minister. we are looking For Venture Capital Of Rs 2.00 Crore only.
0 0 JABAIPUR KE SARE goverment college me dress code honi chiye..kyuki faction bhut jada chal raha h abhi ki janresation me ...jiske liye dress code bhut importent h....and jabalpur ke sare colleges me wi-fi conacation hone chiye...
0 0 Indian have made lots of effort,their efforts are not recognized by concern authorities due to lots of corruption in Indian system or KAM CHOR attitude  by authorities. Need to authentic each research or efforts from school level or create some forum where any researchers show his/her ability and need some govt help to sustainable development for India.so many researchers leave India or kill them by anti Indian or so many country purchase their effort.stop this type of activity.
0 0 It nice program but necessary labs are not equipped in schools and colleges so try to solve them.place the videos of program on YouTube to easily accessible to all.
0 0 THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD MAKE EACH OF 543 LOK SABHA SEATS INTO A DISTRICT,EACH OF THE VIDHAN SABHA SEATS INTO A SUB-DIVISION,EACH OF THE WARDS INTO POLICE STATIONS.
1 0 THINK ABOUT THE IDEA OF SOLAR-PANEL ROADS.NOW,A FACT IS TO MAKE A 1 KM ROAD,THE AMOUNT OF MONEY NEEDED IS Rs.2 crores TO Rs.10 crores  APPROXIMATELY.NOW TO COVER A FLAT PITCH OF 1 KM,WE MAY NEED 2000 OR MORE SOLAR PANELS AMOUNTING TO Rs.10 crores BUT TAKE A FACT IF THE CARS ARE RUN BY THE ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD CREATED BY THE SOLAR PANELS AS PANELS WILL AMOUNT TO Rs.10 CRORES ANNUALLY APPROXIMATELY OR EVEN MORE.WE JUST NEED AN ENGINE WHICH WILL  RUN BY ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD.
1 0 DEAR SIR IT IS A POLICY FOR SOLAR POWER INDIA.
1 0 The Rashitrya Avishkar Abhiyan should also provide for volunteers,working in related industry, to function as mentors.This would enable a vibrant industry to school relationship preparing the next generation workforce with well equipped skills.
0 0 I WANT TO MAKE INDIA A HINDU RASHTRA.....
2 0 Cant we create a new OS? a powerful purely Indian OS. I think it must be the first priority for Make in India.
0 0 School students should be given a project as per their age by the mentoring institutions. Better would be if the students are given choices to select their field of interest. Mentoring institutes can help the students with their projects, intellectually and monetarily. They should have group mentors, who will help them. School students are very perceptive and nowadays, they grow up faster in intelligence. Their open and inquisitve mind would help the mentoring institutes in a long way
0 1 Respected Modiji, I suggest that in when it is so hot summers, the advocates be allowed to wear 'Black Nehru Jacket made of KHADI'.  This will be less costlier than Coats and will be weather friendly and promote our Khadi Industry.
0 0 Respected PM, We need to accept applications from volunteers for aaviskar. Govt select the persons based on educational background for example an Engineering Degree is mandatory for aviskar in engineering field. Although, knowledge gives people upper hand in comprehending issues but at the same time there may be persons with higher intellect, bent of mind/ experience who could not study engineering due to their family background/ economic backwardness etc. We should also give them opportunity
0 0 The schooling starting of children should be made 3 year instead of 5 year.
0 0 first we need to involve the private sector in education. Please scrap communal RTE. The education system should be cut short. The number of years of schooling is unwarranted and long. make education till class 5 compulsory. the students should be able to start school at 3 years and by their fifth grade completion should be able read, write, speak and comprehend in regional language. digital and financial literacy should be a part of the curriculum.Internet will take care of the rest.
1 0 Respected Modi ji, We should frame a policy of providing all the Govt aided schools and colleges with computerized labs, instead of distributing Lap Tops to the few students as apolitical gimmick. Thus the needy and studious students will excel in their approach for really learning. We have seen that in the past students who were given lap Tops sold them in the market instead of making use for their growth. suman Kumar
0 0 Respected Modi ji, The Media has become a noise hour instead of a healthy discussion. Most of the Anchors take about 80% of time giving their own opinions, views and judgments as if they are Super CJI. Law should be made for the Anchors not to interrupt so that the viewers can listen to what the spokesperson is saying. If any channel does not adhere to the healthy practice, it be kept off the air. Suman Kumar
1 0 Respected Modi ji, Every year on 14th Nov trade fair is opened at Pragti Maidan for a fortnight. My suggestion is that one day should be reserved only for the students up to 12th Standard and entry be made free for them if accompanied by their school teachers and in uniform. Thus the young generation will get personalized attention by the exhibitors and it will be an opportunity for the students to excel.
0 0 Getting the specifications rightly in the innovative products is the key to success. Our institutes should allow free access to standards and specifications. the Indian bureau of standards and other standard authorities(for e.g. CSIR) should allow the specifications to be available on the internet freely to allow our innovation capabilities to grow better.
0 0 If there could be some arrangement of imparting education online via video conferencing in the remote areas of India via Video conferencing by the privileged youths of our cosmopolitans, who mostly waste their weekends doing nothing substantial.I am sure there will be many who will voluntarily sign up for the activity to impart technical education and some basic skills to the unprivileged kids of our country.By this we can imbibe the sense of responsibility to every citizen towards the Nation.
0 0 I want to ask that many companies making Chat Apps but my government not doing so Why ? Have any one thought that using WiFi, VoIP and chatting App India Gov can change the communication telecom ideas. I have some Ideas, if anyone have successions please give me. 1st Setup WiFi Hotspot then need an Android App that work over WiFi. And can call , chat, file transfer over wifi. If we start the App  it communicate all the phone in same Wifi coverage. Pls call me at 09670409719.
0 0 good ggggovernance i solute uuuuuuu jai hind;;;;;;;;;;;;;
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB,Since 49% of people are engaged in Agriculture sector & OUR Main problems in the agricultural sector, as listed by the World Bank, are: 1.India's large agricultural subsidies are hampering productivity-enhancing investment. 2.Over-regulation of agriculture has increased costs, price risks and uncertainty. 3.Government interventions in labour, land, and credit markets. 4. Inadequate infrastructure and services. SO WE HAVE TO DEVELOP A ROBUST INFRASTRUCTURE IN AREAS RURAL like ROADS
0 0 Govenment should focus more on improving the quality of higher education. We should turn our universities, IITs, and colleges into R&D hub and not just mere educational institutes. Government & private organisations should be asked to collaborate with these institutes on various research and development projects and also do its funding. These projects should focus on developing new technologies and products as per the needs of the country only then we can become knowledge driven society.
1 0 physics  aur maths kejyda se jyda problem ko maur diagam bna kar solve kre.....isse student me innovation aahne kiqualiase hogi.
0 0 Raajya gramin yojna jisme har gram wasi ki sahbhagita hai ,ye sarkar ka bhut hi sarthak prayash hai,lekin problem abhi bhi wahi hai..kyonki mantri se lekar santri tak  rishwatkhoro ki chain hoti hai .is chain ko todna jaroori hai.iske liye GOVT. KO PRADESH KE BHAR SE IMANDAR AUR PRASHSTI PATRA PRAPT  LOGO KE DWARA SURPRISE   INVESTIGATION KRWANA CHAHIYE.JO US TRH KE KAM ME MAHIR HAI.EX-.AGAR MP KA KAM HAI TO SOUTH SE INVESTIGATION KE LIYE BULAYE.
0 0 Stop use of plastic water pouch .Public through wastage pouch on road, drainage, Public Park. This thing is create drainage stoppage problem in cities & create dirty place. So stop selling of plastic water pouch .Suggest to people to use plastics bottle in place of water pouch
0 0 552 member in lock sabha. pl. all member mobile phone convert in CUG phone. So  reduce  mobile bill & government  will not pay more money .This saved money use in development
0 0 => Most Important thing to understand here is that many technological innovations or latest trends are seen in foreign countries especially innovative ways to inspire children to learn science. => So we must allow individuals/ schools/ teachers/ tech experts & engineers to bring in/ import such technologies / learning kits into india without any issues and stupid bureaucracy from customs & excise departments. I have faced these issues first hand so I know. New rules are needed here
2 0 Children are growing up hearing the the news of communal tensions and also of renowned scholars not receiving prestigious awards from government.They know that State deviation from core Indian values is a reason for that.They don't want State to control their food habits.India was not like that.India enjoyed when a minority child of her embraced Bhagavat Gita. Children wants that secular spirit to grow up innovative. Prime Minister of India has to speak out against religious extremities.jai hind
0 0 to ignite their mind let them know how they are contributing in India's development and how much valuable they are .
0 0 I want to say that if we want to makr our nation again SONE KI CHIDIYA then first thing improve  basic education ie  upto class 10th and second thing control on population growth.. And if we want to improve basic education level there is not much use of technology .we should concentrate and monitor our rural government schools . make conditions good. Only allocation of budget is not a solution its only wastage of time and money. I have some good plans for that.
0 0 The PM must set a trend by NOT organizing electoral rallies anywhere but send a video or an audio file of his speech to the electorate. This will save his and money which he can put for better use. His work and action shoud speak louder than his mike.
1 1 Dear sir namaste aaj es aadhunik yug me manav jaise jaise science ki or ja rha he bah apne aap ko to labh pahucha raha he lekin es prakriti pr dhyan nahi de raha he aaj manav ko apne labh ke liye or jivo ko nuksan nahi pahuchana chahiye aaj manav hinduo ki mata gau mata pr bhi atyachar karne laga he lekin hme aapki sarkar se ummid he ki aap gau mata aur other animals ko bachane ke liye jarur kuchh karoge please ek bar gau mata ka dukh samjhna ummid he aap apne desh ko bahut uchae pr le jaoge
0 0 Dear Sir, Regarding Electricity Unit saving on State, National Highway. It is observed that during the day time also lot of sodium lamp on highway, over bridge is working condition for name of repairing. Some time forget to off it also. On Highway, over bridge there are both the side electric light poll is there, can we study to skip working alternate Lamp as it is already both the side light is there. So almost 50 % electric saving we can achieve. Regards, Hitesh Patel.
0 0 Dear sir, I like to bring in to your kind notice that research and innovation environment can not be created overnight its a habit that govt must implement from school level inspite of make students cramming n number of subjects focus must be on practicality and innovative way of learning. So that students can relate to the subject and understand its importance in their practical life. Research environment must be created from very beginning and it must be for all.
1 0 A rich Library and a good Laboratory are a must for Science education. The major reason for distraction of students from Science is unavailability of instant clarifications. For that the  schools need decent libraries through a successful Library Mission. Similarly a Laboratory Mission also needs to be undertaken. Digital India can also help to some extent. Services of IITs and NITs also can be taken by requiring their students to teach for a week in rural schools.
0 0 Every technology made should be environment friendly, every person irrespective of his caste, creed, gender, state, religion, grades in exams should be allowed to take participation in all these activities
0 0 My views about Avishkaar is simple: develop process that is clean and efficient. Have access to resources that can be used for benchmarking and innovating things. Being an innovator myself with about 15 patents filed, I think a lot is required. http://bhargavsura.blogspot.com/2015/10/let-modi-government-perform-then...
0 0 Dear sir, In my opinion, we should emphasize on teaching basic science physics, chemistry, material science which is lacking and really can initiate AVISHKAR in our country.Technology and science should be segregated. Education institutes including engineering should be reviewed in respect of facilities such as Labs, Library, and faculty. Industries should be linked to universities and has to allocate fund to academic institutes. research should be decentralize to various institutes.
0 0 i would like to draw a attention to UGC/ministry of human resource development to points related to their consistent letter dated on 6th July 2015 and 4th September 2015 regarding: Clarification regarding M.Phil. & Ph.D. Degree and Regular Faculty Clarification (D.O.No.F.10-6/2011 (PS) Misc.) respectively through my attached pdf file with this message.
0 0 Indian School should have some additional subjects, such as career technology that students can study the subject and focus on that proffesion that they want to be, when they grow up. And I think that teachers and staff of that school should make the perperation more enjoyable that students should feel for studying and they can score good marks if the revision of that test will be enjoyable.
0 0 dear sir, How students will develop creativity when our educational bodies like cbse and ugc are still working with old system of memory based grading...even in practical examination they are testing the memory of students not creativity or innovations....but who will change this???
0 0 Is there reservation too here for SC/ST/OBC.India is a country where children gets privileged for their ancestor's timidness in standing against odds: (Reservation Policy). That's why better minds are migrating to U.S.A, where there is no casteism or Caste-politics, where only merit prevails. And then our PM visit to these people in USA asking for investments in India. What an irony. Reservation in admission, Fees Subsidies, Reservation in jobs Quota, age relaxation, minimum marks,promotion
1 0 Dear Sir, It is a wonderful initiative and shows the pragmatism of the present leadership.We are severely lacking on the innovation front.In my opinion, one initiative can be as under The countries who are leading on the scientific research are welcoming the best brain from across the globe. On the same line, we should strive to make an enabling environment so that best global brain can be deployed on the key national scientific projects like Kaveri Engine project,Renewable energy research et
0 0 Every high school must have a Science & Technology(not IT) basic workshop with full time workshop instructor and DIY project books as Govt. grant/year  & references & free access to all students from 5 th to 10 th std. as well Senior citizens of technical aptitudes and skills as volunteers only from the same area. Then there is no need of having any more spending on skill development & you will find dramatic effects in next ten years. Please personally respond: rameshbhides@gmail.com
0 0 Sadly the standard of Mathematics teaching and learning have gone down. Both mental and analytical problem solving is be focused right from early age. I think we should start summer time Math Club (using retired professors/Teachers) which is all India competition driven (again use TV broadcast like the dance and song competition shows)to boost participation, watching, learning and reward the students and schools lavishly.
0 0 Indian should be promoted to work in any part of India. Like People from north working in east, people from east working in south, people from south working in North and people from west working in south. Cross movement of people in administration, universities, corporations and across various areas will diminish the negativism of regionalism. People will be accepted and promoted wherever they go. Eventually,people will accept India as their motherland and will feel urgency for her development.
0 0 Indians are inventing things which is changing the living pattern of the society. However the same people are not able to deliver in India. Teachers are more focussed on cramming text books and submitting thousands of research paper instead of focussing on 3-4 goods projects. Mentoring of students should be promoted after identifying individual strenghts. Corporate tie ups with universities is a must as they can offer support and areas where research is required. Protection to bright people.
0 0 I regret the errors in my previous post which I couldn't edit. So am presenting an edited version again. Many schools have recently started excursion tours to NASA which are extremely unaffordable to many young aspiring scientists in the schools. We should make our well renowned institutions like ISRO, Railways, DRDO, Ship Building, BEL, BHEL to name a few, sponsor and organize such student tours and also hand them over a kit that they can use and produce a miniature machine as a souvenir.
0 0 Fifth generation fighter air craft(FGFA) of HAL and Indian human space flight programme of ISRO please put these two projects in your development list. Thank You
1 0 I think NCERT should also focus creating simple "Know and Do it Yourself" kits cheap ones that the children can do as projects. E.g. How air conditioner, Transistor, Radio, Telephone, Fridges, Robots work. Simple equipment that we use in our day to day life along with video kits in YouTube channels. Conduct a competition every year across all schools inviting students and schools to come out with solutions that are better (with TV broadcast like cinema song competitions)
0 0 I just made a cheap machine by which a farmer can get his land details without taking samples to a laboratory on his phone by Bluetooth and later he can update his land info to an website which would send an email to farming experts and those farming experts would advise the farmer about his land and methods he should use. I made a prototype which works but to build a much accurate model i need funding can someone advice from were i would get funding.
0 0 #MyGov ..A big thanks to you..... How can we imagine that an indian prime minister works for india...but you salute sir you work for indian
0 0 RESPECTED SIR , IAM SO PROUD OF YOU . WE ARE BLESSED TO HAVE YOU AS OUR PRIME MINISTER
0 0 sir kindly change
0 0 I appreciate the views expressed by PM Shri Narendra Modi in USA on the issue of Brain Drain-Brain Gain. My suggestion is to restrain the Brain Drain from India, India currently not able to pay higher Salary Package to the Scientist. But India should frame such Policy/Package to the New Comer/NRI Indian Scientist that they should be compensated by future Indian Government Bonds(ie after 5 10 year) with interest for loss of their Salary. Then only India will be Super Power in the world. JAI HIND.
1 0 Here are the suggestions
1 0 1) Start a national level campaign of awarding students directly by PM for their valuable  contribution in science and technology and providing further education/facilities for research & development.It will capture everyone's attention in media and a movement of scientific temper with aptitude will start in next generation and students.
0 0 Kashmir Solution: Let the state collect personal income tax I am sure you must be thinking how we can solve Kashmir problem by letting Indian states collect personal income tax. It is simple.  First, Root cause of Kashmir problem is not external, but it is internal. The root cause is state subject law. It does not allow non-kashmiri people to become citizen of J&K. Same problem exists in north east states. http://desichintan.blogspot.com.br/2015/10/kashmir-solution-let-state-co...
0 0 Dear Sir, This is suggestion for Micro crowd funding for startups. There should be a portal which can be used by 'good will contributors to donate for startups. We should be able to login, make donation and vote for startup requests listed in the official portal. So donated money will go to that startup. the amount could be as low as 500 /-. if the biz is successful, the owner may return the money. Govt should provide tax saving for good will donors.
0 0 A child's aptitude , instincts , and all seven types of intelligence must b checked or tested from time to time so that a child with innovative mind could concentrate on academics and research. A child with a get balancing intelligence could concentrate on dance and athletics. A child with good protective instincts can b a very good defence personal or a team player or a body guard. We need to invent a way through which we can asess every quality of a child to improve them .
0 0 Please create space in this website wherein individual inventions/discoveries so that one can know/can be used/upgrade for people use. This way the real 'Avishkarak' will get the appreciations & recognition for his/her achievement.
0 0 Discover your dreams
0 0 #MHRD Introduce Edison, Galileo, Aryabhata, Bhabha, Ramanujan, Abdul Kalam to children in first standard with the line knowledge has no barriers while kingship is limited to the boundaries. Inculcate the thirst to conquer unchartered territories in the next three years. All V std or 10 year old children to be put through research aptitude tests. Then the selected ones to be mentored through Institutes to innovate and invent. Teachers to be awarded when students excel.
0 0 Share Your Views...chhvv hffggcvh
0 0 There is trade fair, book fair, agri fair and a lot of other fairs in Pragati Maidaan. There should be annual invention fairs too in Delhi's biggest ground.
0 0 1)Intellectual property rights - easy in patenting 2)Central database pool of ideas, inventions, inventors, investors etc. 3)Financing innovative and inventive startups 4)Education system need to encourage ideas
0 0 Start to collect most weird ideas for current burning national issues from children in schools and keep a token prize/appreciation/certificate for such ideas. Second stage, ask youth to suggest steps/action plan to implement those weird ideas. Thirdly, Ask young scientists/IIT/Engineers to practically develop the model based on the ideas. Create  competition for all above steps at each stage.
0 0 we need our own Indian server for secure internet in India
0 0 India himself a discover
0 0 Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan can be among the most successful programs if seriously worked out. It would be a great opportunity for the school students as they will now about this scheme. Some type of identification process should also be carried out by these teams for those students are interested and they could be promoted for the same by giving some online guidance for the subjects they are interested in.
0 0 Respected PM India Shree Narendra Modi g Your Mission Namani Gange is not showing any kind of Effects i think You accelerate this mission ; You always think and talk about Technology oriented india , My advices to you that you to make interfere of Scientists and engineer to develop Devices and s/w and other tracing facility whereby government can trace pollution  in ganga , Ganga is soul of india #jai_gange #taral_tarange devi_gange_namostutah
0 0 CRC-CO-O UNCHAPAN TA-BODELI DI-CHHOTAUDEPUR GUJARAT new education policy 1-not pass students without lerning 2-same education all over in india 3- 1 to 12 standards gate one type education. 4- all sectors{[institutes and gourments pri and higher schools] are gourment 5-no teachers traing many of in one year 6-Sarv sikxa abhiyan mission staff are all gourment and he gets full sacale and proper salary 7-
0 0 If we change our mantality after we do somthing aavishkar. therfore we chnage our minde and thinks. india have many people like the ohter what doing after he go this way. it is not different thinks so we think different.
0 0 I was thinking How We can be a part of Digital India . VenkatS( " CA Neela and CA Venkat") are into business solution providing software solutions for more than 2 decades in UAE. We are launching a product " Accounts4all" Business solution. A cloud based product As part of Digital India we would like to offer the product/ Service free of cost to New entrepreneurs  or professional esp. in service sector in India and UAE. Terms and Condition apply
0 0 Online learning initiatives like the Khanacademy, ABCReadingEggs can be replicated in local languages to make learning fun for children in remote areas. Let us use the Wifi access at the 500 railway stations proposed by Google to create online access infrastructure for schools/teachers who may be interested in using these resources
0 0 #mygov Does Aviskar means only science stream in +2 why are youngsters forced to join it why there is a discrimination to humanities plz answer me why there are less CBSE schools for Arts and why all parents think it is a stream for dulls and idiots why ?????
0 0 Dear PM Sir just throwing an idea to counter power transmission loss.Can we make a chip/storage card to store power from power plant.n depending upon the need of villages/panchayats/blocks where power supply is difficult,we distribute the chip to that place.This stored power later converted into electrical energy by some device in given place. It will be one of the innovation that can initiate wireless transmission in india and transmission loss will taken care and lots of money can be saved
0 0 It is an excellent initiative but the mentors institutes like IITs nits entrance system requires change because in 2013 jee main exam started in which 40% weightage was given to 12th board results but problem is that different board have different difficulty level.It is a request to change it and entrance for NITs must be based purely on the basis of entrance exam (jee main).Many brilliant students who scored excellently well in jee main have to join ordinary college.
1 0 SHRI MODI SIR, Some Japanese company has invented A MACHINE that converts All plastic garbage into OIL and further can be processed into DIESEL, PETROL GASOLINE & KEROSENE which reduces 80% of CO2 Emissions. PLEASE QUICKLY USE DEVELOP SUCH MACHINE and STOP IMPORTING Expensive PETROL FROM Saudi Arabia & Qatar which has high CO2 Concentrations. SAVE THE COUNTRY FROM Heavy BURDEN of IMPORTING. Please CREATE WORLD's SMARTEST infrastructure of RUBBISH & Recycle BINS for these PLASTIC GARBAGE TREASURE
0 0 SHRI MODI SIR, Some Japanese company has invented A MACHINE that converts All plastic garbage into OIL and further can be processed into DIESEL, PETROL GASOLINE & KEROSENE which reduces 80% of CO2 Emissions. PLEASE QUICKLY USE DEVELOP SUCH MACHINE and STOP IMPORTING Expensive PETROL FROM Saudi Arabia & Qatar which has high CO2 Concentrations. SAVE THE COUNTRY FROM Heavy BURDEN of IMPORTING. Please CREATE WORLD's SMARTEST infrastructure of RUBBISH & Recycle BINS for these PLASTIC GARBAGE TREASURE
0 0 It is a superb initiative, This will encourage students to get into Research & Innovation. Children's mind has to be ignited at the very young age, So they aim bigger in life. This should reach the rural schools which have less exposure to trends in science and technology. We need to create curiosity in students to increase their participation - Concept of learn while you play - Encourage them in building working models - Provide necessary infrastructure
1 0 Make it very simple as.same as our honourable prime minister declared.a day for specifically for yoga.. so our  government need to open a website where each and every innovators should upload the video or their innovative ideasonly...  or declared a day for as '" innovation india"" in each and.every city has to participate and bring some good fpthe nation govt.should. support every innovators and help them to take new heights so we have  so many people in india who are very talented support the
2 0 if we want to develop a scintists pool in our country then we have to take certain immediate steps such as - we have to plan a policy to stop talent migration -we have to improve our education system from bookish learning to practical learning -in all factories and companies it will become essential for them to have a training institute for their respective field -and to stop corruption in educational institute we have to improove our policy regarding fund distribution,admission.
0 0 An exercise car can be attached to long distance trains. People will be happy to use it. Railways can charge for using the facilities on hourly/half hourly basis.
1 0 we should opt for more and more solar energy, from standalone systems to grid tied systems. indian environment is best suited for solar radiations. simultaneously, we must encourage our engineering students to work for improving the efficiency of solar panels and making it quite more affordable. we must work on it to make our country a big energy provider.
1 0 my vision is a solar tree which can keep many batteries away from discharged.we see migrants and many people travelling to other cities seeking for jobs.when there battery is totally discharged they can charge their battery through that solar tree.this should be placed at main spots of city.
0 0 Iifwe r able to secure our border with video cameras or satellite camera and people around would keep watch by sitting live 24 hr online internet and our air force take action immediately we are to solve problems of intrusion for life long .. It would became like a video game and so many lives and money could be saved..
0 0 (Latest) Please See This Most Crucial Message for Help Understand God and Self ( Main) -------------> Best Thanks to Each(ie Every thing) due to provide Best Deserved Association  as well as then Use help of Each (ie Every Thing) for Best association , both related Survive with Other Require Solution upto goal level also
0 0 Hey all, Here is my idea to fight food scarcity due to constantly rising urban population. Please refer to my project link here. http://goo.gl/ZUTHOZ
0 0 New innovations are very important for nation-building and for saving environment. I think if we install all the instruments and devices,used on a mobile tower,on the electrical  transmission tower then the cost of building a mobile tower can be cut-off and problem of lack of land can also be solved as there will no need of land to build a mobile tower.
0 0 To make it successfull we have to take some measures like this-1.it should be ensured that in all relevant schools there must be well equipped labs means good infrastructure. 2.In all school there must be a full time practicle faculty for every relevant streem.3 there must be positive change in syllabi like 50% marks must be on practicle basis in relevant subject.Subject selection option should be available from 9 th standard in all schools so that proper scientific apptitude can be developed.
0 0 Again this is a matter of education upliftment. There are more then 500 schools under MHRD, they can be great asset for this purpose, if provided with necessary tools and facilities. MHRD just need to focus and pay attention.
1 0 Promote this programe on televison and social media and let a portal we available for people to post thier innovative ideas.. So that talend can be identified and be roped for this movement..
2 1 for avishkar to happen it should be promoted both in academic and other ways for e.g. if someone invests his \her time and effort in research on something it should have weightage,till now only bookish knowledge is reflected on our grade sheets.It has to be made rewarding instead of being just a free time activity. avishkar should be promoted at all levels not just at iit or nit levels coz everyone can innovate not just engineers or doctors. every one who innovates shud be brought to light .
1 0 we can have 6 monthly exhibitions of inter schools and  management institution and engineering institution or any technical institute  in a common ground for people and industry to make innovation and innovative india
2 0 The "Mentoring institutions" are working at schools with students to make them appreciate science and maths. In addition to that the institutions should voluntarily take the students to their campuses so that the students can see the big universities, industries for themselves and the inspiration they get through that will make the overall work easier to achieve.
2 0 Namaste sir, we have develoed a machine for waste food composting and would like to contribute in swach Bharat abhiyan. its simple machine,generates compost within 24 hours. waste volume reduces by 80%.machine need to be installed at the source so no transport. saving. employement. salary and operating cost can be paid by selling compost. we have given demo to Goa CM and governor, BMC mumbai. but pending. we need single window for explanation. lots of bureaucracy.
1 0 Namaste Child trafficking is important issue.we all know children are kidnapped and are forced laboured.we need to reach out & rescue them. I would suggest a DNA bank.this bank has blood sample of child & parents in its database.so whenever a child is taken to doctor,the doctor can go through the data bank and verify the parents.similarly a kidnapped child will visit a doctor,there atleast its could be traced arrange a program that all children to register their blood. Most important
0 0 Make popular not only for viewing but doing, The site is www.instructables.com  Let CSR may sponsor the prices either for making the same or for the new projects for Indians only which is the only way to improve skills and the ingenuity too. The skill development programmes of Department of MSME are having the only skill to pick pocket the participants only than real trainings. At present even engineering subjects teaching is no more than cheating. Reply:rameshbhides@gmail.com
0 0 Contd.. The quantum of Labour force in these sectors are very high. if this displacement continues these labour force will have a challenge on their employment. The Government should identify these skills to be deployed in other developing nations as well as in advanced nations as these are primary for any Human living.
0 0 India skilled labour force in various trades are employed in various countries particularly in GCC countries in Large nos. Off late these trades are being taken over by other Asian member countries and this leads to displacement of Indian Skilled  labour force.The skilled labour force i mean Mason, Fitter, Electrician, driver of heavy vehicles, Carpentary, laundrying works, chefs and cooks in various hotel industries, cleaners(of different Types),barbers(hair cutting saloon) etc.
0 0 Sir I am a computer Science Engineer and i want to work for my nation ,my government not for private companies, I want you to make a department for application development for software engineers, so that hey can serve there nation and not exploited by foreign private companies.
0 0 AMAZING IDEA FOR NATION BUILDING....I have engineering background and working with a government undertaking company. I am interested to join this abhiyan (at execution level in schools), but time is an issue. In case if it is possible to extend my voluntary contributions for shorter periods...say 15-30 days (by taking PL), it will be very much helpful for the people like me as well as for this abhiyan. I feel it is possible if government issues a notification for this voluntarily services.
0 0 MANANIYA PRADHHAN MANTHRIJI, CAN THE GOV'T HAVE AN APP "HELP"  FOR PROVIDING H: HEALTH, E:ENERGY, L: LOGISTICS AND P: PRODUCTS. THEN THESE ITEMS IN THE MENU CAN LINK RESPECTIVE GROUPS.LET OUR  TALENTED MOBILE FRIENDLY YOUTH GET ENGAGED IN PROVIDING THE ACTUAL ITEMS TO THE NEEDY. JAI HIND.
0 0 it is awesome idea to provide platform and resources to enable them to invent new things.  I have seen various talented personnel but they could not do anything due to lack of resources.
0 0 Govt should start one Special YUVA channel for students who desire to make their future bright. like DDKISAN channel.  this channel should cover all the field related to students like Future guidance by experts, job vacancies, new vacancies, skill programmes, helpline, Abroad courses, science and technological programes,also about stop nuisances like drugs,cigarates etc...6population below 35 year, so this kind of thing must be happen. thank u
0 0 India has everything...sunlight/water/air/population/river/arable land. U name it we have it..we just lack discipline and little laid back attitude. If this is changed India will decide how the world should be whether its canada or UK OR Australia in politics/living/food/culture..etc..they all need Indians for there living.we need to change the basics like Govt primary education & schools in villages/taluk and in cities. Basic amenities of water/sanitation/board/tables etc.India willchange
0 0 like 3 M Company. India should start JRD TATA award for best innovation in any field. Encourage INDIAN young startups and minds to create BrainBook (Instead of FACEBOOK). Provide them with financial support and market which will take India to the next generation of Developed nation by 2019....India has to be and it should be BUILD BY INDIANS & NRIs/PIOs. U can't expect outside people to change the lives of Indians...Provide level playing field for NRIs U will see India's growth will be the best
0 0 Start Awards and scholarships in different field of learning and this should be of world recognition in terms of money & stature to the individuals. 1. Homi Baba or Abdul kalam Award in the field of Astronomy. 2. Chanakya award for Political science. 3. Sushruta award for Ayurveda 4. Patanjali Yoga award  5. Aryabhata award for Physics similar to Noble prize. 6. Bharath Innovation award etc...Indians need recognition which is lacking and not getting highlighted properly for there skills
0 0 we should focus on the every child's skill and according to that we can place them. This should be one of the main content of Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan.
0 0 We should develop our education system. We can also create sessions like management development, computer handling sessions in rural areas, we can also provide them infrastructure regarding this sessions. we can also conduct camps in rural parts of India.
0 0 In a every school ,give a one hour for promote students talent in particular science, maths, drawings,cultural subjects. Teachers must find each students particular talent and focus on his particular subject for his innovative ideas. This way young children create some new and makes new creative.
0 0 Its good scheme to develop new talents rather than providing more to talented ones. As number matters sometimes.
0 0 Every college,university should be funded for R&D facility with participation from Industry , Each task should be tracked yearly for the progress on the Research,. innovation for common people should be made popular by every media
0 0 Like here @ mygovt.in, people use to give their skill services via creative corners / discussion and they get recognized and also get rewarded.. Same should be implement here, @ national platform(rooted through state level ), where : 1) anyone could show there project/research etc. 2) Govt ask to do certain task for govt / man kind, from institute / individual ( like once PM said to develop own search engine) People will come himself they should be rewarded with fame and money too
0 0 India has talent,only need to recognize them & give them a platform to show their skill. 1)Not only school students but other kids/people should get equal chance at any age. 2)Organize exhibition @ state level EVERY YEAR to show their project & use their services for nation / human kind too 3)For every good project/invention, Give them Fame & reward appropriately (will encourage other to come up) 4)Fund them if needed 5)Ask related Deptt to adopt their project in their service & pay them
0 0 Sir, I think Talent get humiliated in our country. By the way of Reservation , Corruption and Lack of Govt. Initiative.
0 0 Water Saving Idea :I have found that peoples in Urban areas waste too much of water. We must introduce "Taps with sensors". Taps will only release water when sensor sense your hands under the tap. These taps must be provided at low cost and should be made compulsory to all Builders and Govt. Institutions
0 0 shree shyamji krushna varma school 117 smc
0 0 shree shyamji krushna varma school no 117 smc
0 0 It is no doubt a wonderful initiative. But the first and foremost duty of the government will be to provide adequate infrastructure and facilities to facilitate growth of young minds. The educational system itself has many flaws. Mugging up textbooks and lack of practical knowledge hinders multi dimensional growth.I sincerely believe practical exposure should be a part of school curriculum as it would greatly boost knowledge as well as imagination of young minds.
1 0 I wish there were similar opportunity for non-students or graduates as well... Anyway, if you want individuals to join the movement and work directly with school and school children, the very basic thing you need to do is to spread AWARENESS about what you're doing. There are so many individuals who are good and would love to join in but only few of them are well informed about such movements. There should be special mentors appointed in every Govt. school to look after this mission CAREFULLY
1 0 it is a good initiative, but what i feel is that we lack the infrastructure that is required for the growth of students in practical knowledge.. students here are are undoubtedly one of the best brains of the world but what they lack is the suitable INFRASTRUCTURE and PLATFORM which are the means of exploring the hidden talent out of the students. Government should setup RND departments in every technical and medical colleges and should provide the students with the latest equipments..
0 0 ???????,?? ?? ???????? ?? ??? ???? ?? ?? ???? ??? ??? ???? ?? ????? ???? ???? 1)???????? ?????? ??? ???????????? ?? ?????????? ?? ???? ??? ?? ????? ????? ???? ????? ?????? ?? 2)?????? ?? ??????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ???? ??????????? ??? ?????? ???? ??? ?? ????(?? ?????? ??) 3)?? ?????? ?? ??? ??? ?? ????? ???????? ?????? ???? ?????? ????? ????(???? ?? 5 ??? ?? ?? 8 or9 ?? ??????? ?? ??? ?????) ??? ????? ??? ?? ???? ???? ?? | 4)?????????? ?? ?? ???? ?? ??????? ??? ?? ?? ???? ??????
0 0 Idea is to introduce & promote all above mention activities through mobile apps by using our cloud services. Area where we can use this App : Below mentions area need to cover by using App, 1-This app could be used to book late night cab. It will have feature as secure travel for all women employees. 2-This App could be provide all the people listed hospital list with details on the time of crises. 3-This App could be provide a platform to get connect all listed services by govt
0 0 The education system should be more dedicated to knowledge rather than syllabus oriented .. the great minds from their very early stages are being directed to a stressful environment of academics rather than giving them the opportunities to use their creativity and to learn in a stress free environment.. if the pressure of percentage and fear of not getting selected in a competitive exams are eliminated then every child can give their full potential & could be and should be a winner
0 0 Graduates of every science stream, medical sciences and civil services trainees must be given an responsibility of assisting science project of atleast 2 different students per year of 2 diff. govt schools. Such graduates' contribution must be acknowledged.
0 0 EMPLOYEES OF CENTRAL GOVERNMENT RESEARCH ORGANISATIONS MAY BE ASKED TO ADOPT A SCHOOLS IN THEIR HOME TOWN  TO DEVELOP THE SCIENTIFIC INTEREST IN SCHOOLS. IN THIS STUDENTS IN THEIR HOME TOWN ALSO GET ENCOURAGED. EMPLOYESS GET SATISFACTION THEY ARE GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY. EACH EMPLOYEE SHALL SPEND A WEEK IN HIS HER HOME TOWN AND ENCORAGE THE NEAR BY SCHOOLS
1 0 1. Please start Teachers Training Program to enhance the knowledge of teachers. 2. Teachers yearly exam about the syllabus he is teaching should be compulsory. 3. Techniques like ABACUS should be used to upgrade the students mathematical skills. 4. Education upto 12th should be free for all students. 5. The column Caste....... should be eliminated from all forms related school activities. Note :- I am ready to discuss all these points in detail with anybody concern person.
0 0 Kuch logo ki dukan inhi fraud tariko se chal rhi hai jo aaye din fake admissions karwane ke name par logo se paise le jate hai or search karo bhut si universities dikhati hai one year digree graduate ke liye or moti fee bhe late hai baad main pata chalta hai vo to fake hai na jane kitne bhaiyo bahno ko ishe jhelna pada please sir ap is matter ke bare main kuch sochiye or humjaise logo ko aage badne main thodi help kijiye. Pranam sir
0 0 Please start one graduation programme for above 25 year ya 28 year people. Main bhe unhi main se ek hu jab padne ka time tha tab kaam karke ghar chalaya or ab bank main naukri kar rha hu 12 base par lekin officer banne ke liye graduate hona jaruri hai. Jab paise nhi the ab paise hai to time nhi hai please sir kuch hum jaise logo ke bare main bhe socho. Dhanyawaad sir
0 0 I have observed young brains while traveling in public transport and found that a good amount of young brains are kept busy in seeing movies & playing games on their gadgets. My curiosity is this can we provide videos and games which directly linked to learning and incremental to innovation! Also the weightage of practical should be over theory, as in present scenario we hardly pay weightage on practical proving rather give more onus on theory proving. In my view Action counts more than Words.
0 0 The Alumni can contribute by providing funds from their earnings to the institutes which enabled them to earn in the first place. The govt. can then use the funds available with it for creating further infrastructure in the field of education for under privileged. Quality Education needs to be made available free to everybody.
0 0 Knowledge is one of the greatest assets of civilisation and education plays an important part in attaining the same. Due to constraint of resources, the investment in this sector by the government is dwindling over a period of time. I have a suggestion that the elders who get settled well after studying in various educational institutes have the moral responsibility to contribute in creating infrastructure in the field of education especially the institute where they have studied.
0 0 it is not successful ... coz our system aloows them to display..i have an idea to implement them...its too easy,,,you just have to share your feeling to schools and colleges (technical)that make projects for city and implement it... as district handicraft n other fairs, each and every child must allow to show their experiments to that fair. useful experiments and kits must accepted by govt and pvt companies if the want to use it commercially. by this abhiyan will be successful
1 0 There should be a competition of new ldeas/innovation/creativity among schools/IIT's/scientist etc from time to time. There should be private VC's easily available to fund new research. Private research should be promoted. IN US market , every small items is made in China and its quality is poor. Why can't we take the list of all these items and make/find entrepreneur to produce these items with better quality/cheap price and export it to US. We are good in fabric/cloth design etc export same
0 0 (Latest Amendment )Most Crucial Message for Help Understand God and Self (latest after amendment) Best Thanks to Each(ie Every thing) due to provide Best Deserved Association with True Love and then Use help of   Each (ie Every Thing) for Best association with True Love , both by Each Related tasks group Each Tasks group decide  person itself Note:-- Each means Related Each or Related Part of God Each Tasks Group must include Association with True Love Respected Working Goal
0 0 Honorable Sir, This is to inform you that we have created one System named "Safe Way System" which is used to protect people from crimes like rape, kidnapping and murder. Safe Way System is automatic, smart and powerful system mainly created to protect children, girls and old people from rape, kidnapping and murder. Safe Way System project can be installed in variety of vehicles which are fully packed from all around like cars, buses, trucks. Please read attached document.
0 0 To improve quality of Zilha Parishad schools, there should be an online feedback system so that  parents can share views about schools & their management. There should be facility for online admission & transfer process & unique website for activities happening in different campus.
0 0 most of oue county's farmers are poor. cultivation is also becoming costly and hence difficult for then. harvesting is also a serious propt for them.Due to poorness many cant afford combine harvester and even it cant work in a small farm. so we should think about that model which will be easy,less time taking and cheap for harvesting.....
0 0 most of oue county's farmers are poor. cultivation is also becoming costly and hence difficult for then. harvesting is also a serious propt for them.Due to poorness many cant afford combine harvester and even it cant work in a small farm. so we should think about that model which will be easy,less time taking and cheap for harvesting.....
0 0 views on navi suchit shixan niti
0 0 Science exhibitions or such steps are useful to promote the Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan. Govt. should organise certain science exhibitions per year at huge level where innovations  from anywhere in the country can be welcomed.
0 0 Innovations are very important as they give new ideas. The reason why innovations are scarce in India as compared to other countries is that there is no appropriate  facilities provided to a child since his birth. The condition of GOVT. schools is very poor. No inspiration or laboratory facilities is given to them which is very very important as practicals provoke new thoughts.
0 0 No 1 in gov.is listening trying for 5mths written to all.gov.will have to revisit its energy policy.I can produce 100000+ MW of CLEAN n FREE ENERGY/no TRANSMISSION LINES NEEDED/all NEW n UNTAPPED SOURCES/10 to 15% of TODAY'S GENERATION COST/elec.anywhere in INDIA without connection/don't need land,coal,oil,gas,dam,solar,bio waste,/hardly 5% labour needed/can start in days/no maintenance cost/no blackout in india/i'm well aware of gravity of my claims n stand by every word of it.KOI TO SUNE SIR
0 0 The reasons why innovative ideas are scarce in Indian Science can be traced back to (a) There is overemphasis on smartness (e.g. NET qualification) and less on creativity innovation , capacity to express, and actual skill.--> For aspiring PhDs (b) Continuation of post doc work after joining as faculty. (c) Disconnect between University and Medical Institution - As State medical jobs are transferable no doctor can do serious research in most states. Kindly look into the matter
0 0 There is no real policy of faculty hire in Indian Institutions and we all know how these faculties are hired and how much they are productive and how many inventions they have done. The thing is if you are following a policy where Director of the Institute can hire whomsoever he want and having such rule like visit the institute personally to get interviewed from USA or wherever you are, make no sense. My request to the Government is to draft a national faculty hire policy to make fair recruits.
0 0 There are so many people from good educational institutions who will be willing to associated with it. What can be done is one teacher can be associated with 2 or 3 working professionals for IITs, NITs etc on a pure volunteer basis. They can together design the framework and the working professional can keep a track of the students performance , thereby of the teacher effective teaching methods also. They can also visit the class and ask questions and offer prizes for activities.
1 0 'Let 100 flower Blossom". Have talent search in every sphere of Science and Technology through  paper and then through project.First invite paper on innovative Ideas on any issues on Indian daily life. Provide monitory grant to prepare the prototype. Have block to Sub-division to District to state to central Exhibition with the winners from level to level. This will encourage young India to do something great. Must be a yearly event. Catch the genius young. Talent and formal education has nolink
0 0 gutal narmada vasahat primary school ta-waghodiya dist vadodara GUJARAT
1 0 One big underutilized talent pool in India is that of PhDs who hold considerable amount of expertise in high technology fields. They often feel undervalued and underutilized. Govt can recruit PhDs to design education programs / policies. We can also get them to teach complex scientific subjects in easy to understand manner. Finally, we can highlight PhDs in various scientific fields who are doing work in India as role models for school children. They can surely inspire and ignite young minds!
0 0 Scientific acumen is developed when a student is groomed in school. But I have realized that there is lack of expertise in school to motivate students to do research. Teacher are not excited about their profession. even the best school and colleges pays very minimal salaries to teachers. school has become the mode of money making. teachers are not motivated to groom their students for better future.
0 0 PANCHDEVLA PRIMARY SCHOOL
0 0 PALDI PRIMARY SCHOOL
0 0 ABHARAMPURA PRIMARY SCHOOL
0 0 lilora-bhavnagar primary school
0 0 Sir.. I have new idea for lighting the rural India with solar energy and with the same how can we contribute to greener and clean India with use of govt programme. kindly suggest me the way to present the project.
1 0 Dear Sir,  There are so many retired person,  who giving thier contribution for poor children education and other society dedevelopment activity. Govt. May form policy for retired person, who are getting pension from govt. That they have to give thier 2 to 4 hour for roadside & poor children for education & skill development. Retired professional can do wonder in this area. Existing school premises can be used in evening. There will be lot of valenters, govt. has to start drive/ aabhiyan.
0 0 Make lots of machines to recycle the solid waste so that swachh bharat mission being succeed.
1 0 Sir agr aap is desh ke yuva ke liye kuch krna chate ho toh aap is desh ke education system ko change ki jiye kyu ki yaha pe sirf or sirf theoretical knowledge hi diya jaata  or wo bhi kuch khas nai is karan aaj bhart ke yuva berojgar hai kyuki aaj ke time me theoretical ke sath practical knowledge ka hona jaruri hai taki wo apne field me acha kr shake abhi toh ye Haalth hai ki aaj engineer apne field ki job ki chod ke banking field jaa rha toh aap khud hi dekh lo ki hurma education system kya h
0 0 How to Improve the Our Education System ..? hum log is per baat kyon nahi karte.?ye pvt. school to sirf ameer logon ke liye hai. gareeb ke bache to pad rahe hai sarkari school mein.jab tak ye ameer aur gareeb matalb sabhi bache ek he saath ek he school mein na padhe to kaise desh aage badega?mera KAHNE KA MEANING HAI KI sabhi school ko chalne ke liye ek he govt, boady honi chaiye.yadi eaducation ka adikaar sabhi ko hai to eaducation ka system bhi sabhi ke liye ek hona chaiye.
0 0 Hmare 1class to 10 class ki jo schools hai..unka dhachha hai..Unme change krne ki jarurat hai..Ramkrishna MIssion ke mangment se sikhne ki jarurat hai..unke anushashan..regularity..Managment..ko PANE SIKSHA ME UTARNA HOGA..ya unhe hi ye Karya kyu na soup Diya jay..wahi buduget wahi schhols wahi teachers..PR mangmnt Mission ke tarah..Fir aap Avutpurva Pariwartan dekhne milega ,asha hai..Science Me dilchaspii Badhegi..sahi mayene me ..aaj science bas nam bhr rah gya hai..Govt schhols me.
0 0 sankarpura primary school
0 0 hansapura pramary school waghodiya
0 0 shinhapura primary school waghodiya
0 0 GUTAL PRIMARY SCHOOL TA-WAGHODIYA DIST-VADODARA
0 0 asoj primary school waghodiya
0 0 RAJPURA PRIMARY SCHOOL WAGHODIYA
0 0 BODIDRA PRIMARY SCHOOL TA:-WAGHODIYA DI:-VADODARA
0 0 ADIRAN PRIMARY SCHOOL TA:-WAGHODIYA DI:-VADODARA
0 0 On the one side we lack lab infra for promoting Avishkar Abhiyan, on other side thousands of crores worth various Govt labs are lying underutilized.By just appointing few staff to man shifts and opening 24x7 these incl DRDO to all the students and faculties of various tech institutions, both private and govt, we can harness the youth talent energy which you keep talking of. Need to get these labs out of Babu's control. No innovation without lab is possible.  Only labs make the difefrence
0 0 https://mygov.in/group-issue/smart-city-tiruchirappalli/ Post your suggestions for smart city in the above link. Thanks in advance for your valuable suggestions
0 0 SCIENTIST ONLY CAN BE GENERATED WHEN THIS RESERVATION POLICY WILL CHANGE FROM CASTE TO ECONOMIC GROUND RESERVATION MANY MANY TALENTED KILLS THEIR DESIRE TO TO DO INVENTION BUT THIS RESERVATION POLICY MAKE THEM FIGHT FOR JOB OF LOWER STANDARD , RESERVATION IS KILLING INNOVATION  , PLEASE PRIME MINISTER JI DO NEEDFUL SO THAT RESERVATION MUST BE FOR POOR PEOPLE IRRESPECTIVE ANY CASTE OR RELIGION. WE ARE KILLING TALENTS///
0 0 damapura pry school crc -nandsari ta-ji vadodara
0 0 As we know our PM is planning for visit to Silicon Valley at USA, which is world's best in developing new technology and innovation, our focus should be in inviting their culture of creativity and idea generation for developing a new society which always focus in research & development and value new ideas providing solution based on technology. They should be asked to open fundamental research & analysis center and join indian youth to explore our telent. It will help for "Create in India" .
1 0 The first step to this direction will be spreading awareness among at different levels in schools both rural and urban. As we know children have the mind open to grasp anything very quickly, the step will be establishment of basic science related practical kits at school level itself as we see in planotorium and Vishweshraiya museum.This will help the kid to understand fundamental in more depth. This will lead them to think innovatively. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
0 0 that's right
1 0 We are busy to prove Dr. B.R.Ambedkar as a failed person regarding reservation policy. I don't see any upliftment of Real Tribes,Dalits, Harijons.our dirty politicians have made a creamy layer of Dalit,Harijan & Tribes. No Govt.facilities reach to Real Tribes,Dalits,Harijans by penetrating this layer. To make Dr. Ambedkar a successful person in this aspect, please give reservation to those only whose annual income is less than 2.00lac for group D post, 2.50lac for groupCpost,3.00lac forBpost
0 0 MODI means : Modern, Orientation, Digital, India. Hindi Meaning is Adhunik Soch se Digital India. Hence, all students must learn Modern Orientation.
0 0 Respected Sir Girls as proved many times in the past to the world that they are better than boys, my sincere request to u that make sure every girl is educated and protected. my firm belief that you are the one who can take bold decisions and show a new path for development and success of your countrymen.
0 0 Dear Madam/Sir, First of all I would like to thank you for giving us a stable and strong government Secondly would like to share my idea on above Initiative please include Martial art training for girls so that they easily can self defend themselves I would like to be a part of this initiative Thank you
0 0 All MNCs who setup R&D centers in India should be covered under the law that whatever they innovate in India by using Indian brains, should write "DEVELOPED IN INDIA" on there product. this is how India will be known to world. This policy  could be and answer to your question in TORONTO that "WHY GOOGLE CANT BE INVENTED IN INDIA IF  INDIANS ARE WORKING ON ALL IMPORTANT POSITIONS". And India & indian talent will get world wide recognition.
1 0 Teacher makes most important role in  life student.As much efficient teachers we have most efficient Students we get.We don't know what is science or maths when we are child but we understand what our teachers taught us. so if we give training to our government school teachers to improve their skill of teaching more students will get interest in science or commerce, but in what he should be.
0 0 sir,instead of making a diiferce in higher education the government which provide opportunity to iits,should also be liable to others collages too.. and instead of making theory in enginnering we should work more on practical
0 0 Please make compulsory for preparation of  Scientific model from class VIII to X for all student.This will increase the supply of real research scholar to Indian Science.
0 0 Established more IISR in each region. The students doing Research works should be given more lucrative stipend depending upon their performance. This will attract real intelligent student towards Science & Technology.Now a days Indian Science are full of average student.
0 0 http://www.leealert.com/2015/09/plight-of-indian-farmers-and-need-for.html
2 0 Respected & Dear Prime Minister Sir, As we all know,India does not figure even in the TOP 50 countries on the INNOVATION front. I have, with my limited abilities, tried to earnestly share it here. Our policy of caste based reservations system in educational institutes and in Jobs has been playing havoc here and the effects are showing. Sadly, no political party has the courage to do away with this so far. Due to a limit on words here, just wanted to voice it here in brief.
1 0 Dear Sir, We need to think why children not adopting science as career. They don't have option if any student adopt science then he think what he will do after graduation/post graduation in science. Their is not much phd seat in Indian universities. No good/handsome salary in phd in India. They why they will take science as career.
0 0 Sir I want to give you suggestions about Railway. We should open RO system on railway stations and put a donation box there so that there will be no pollution by plastic and people will get clean and purified drinking water. #MYGOv
1 0 In detail of this Abhiyan, It is expected that only 25% of all govt. schools will be covered.why don't we expect that all govt. schools will be covered.if we think this, this Abhiyan will progress in future. For "ignite children's mind" first of all,we have to provide well educated teachers in govt. schools so that they can teach students how they will become creative minded.
0 0 Better if students of engineering allowed to volunteer this abhiyan
0 0 SIR, I Am used a BSNL Mobile number but every day i have receive unnecessary message  which can't share with you . I am also complain so many time but call center no one blocked and tress out .
0 0 sir.... i want to ask you about your suggestion for BSNL our goverment servise
0 0 Dear Sir, I want to bring to your notice that this is the best time to invite the international conventions on "Non-conventional energy sources" as the fuel prices are low. So everybody who has such technology would be willing to exhibit them like for example Intelligent Energy, UK is replacing 26000/- diesel generators with hydrogen based fuel cells whose output is just water instead of polluting gases. That is a great news. Similarly Toyota is exhibiting its Fuel Cel
1 0 A web application should be developed by government of India.It should act like interface between Researchers and fund risers in all kinds of fields.If government takes this initiative people start explore towards invention of something new and useful.
0 0 Ignite young minds but see that the fuel do not get drained. Create supportive atmosphere for the young minds so that the spark gathers flame and the fire shows the brilliance far and wide in the interest of the nation. Urge is the strong motive force which transform spark into cultured fire.
0 0 HAME EK YES DIVES BANA HOGA JISSE TRAIN ME BINA TICKET KE SAFAR KARNE VALO KO PAKDA JA SAKE Ex.           MAAN LO KOYI AADMI BINA TICKT KE SAF          AR KR RAHA H WO JEESE HI STAION  SE PASS HO TURAN DIVES ALTET KA SINGNAL KR DE
0 0 Identify talent and then sponsor the research and development initiatives of such talented researchers so that they can be produced on ground and can be marketed on a suitable scale. Government can sponsor and government can also allow private companies to sponsor such initiatives. Give preference to initiatives which are Indian resources-centric.
0 0 there should be science competitions funded by the GOVERNMENT. These exams should be of high level so that talent is recognized. They should, from that point onwards, be given specialized training and education in their scientific fields. At present, the government could also start camps, initiate talks. Sir, please hold an All India Physics Exam from next year for class 9th students. This is my sincere request
0 0 The concept of vertical fish farming should be introduced in india . in south area as well as all those area or city which are having good big lake or similar to it area .it will be like on time investment and will be benificial in manny ways like employment,energy saving,re-cycleing ,and many more we have also prepared a model for it if we got a chance or our owner able p.m like to see it then i will be very thankfull to sir
0 0 Creativity and dreams are the software, it needs the hardware to  blossom and visible,Children needs more information and teaching from the scientist and experts , who should visit colleges and schools to actually raising the creativity and interest among the students for science and technology.The motive of this programme should be research,creativity and innovations that will improve the living condition of the people,how they can improve day to day problems in Rural areas and in their life?
1 0 dear gov conduct the one test the to select the student from this test and provide all necessary environment to teach student and grow up  to help country contribute In this test do not take student from cast plz select student from as per the result of the conducted so any talented student is not in loss I know my English is not good bt  plz understand my feeling Thank you for arranging a digital India literacy programe
0 0 einstein said "I have not taught any thing to my students rather I created atmosphere for learning" so government may follow what einstein said
0 0 it is a good decision taken by the  present government . good brains are the biggest asset of this country and must be given proper support.
0 0 It's the time when govt should think on higher education also.our primary education is far far Better than USA,but where we lags behind in term of technology and other areas .it is secondary education which makes the difference .we r following the old fashion as well as the content of older times .plz bring the practical knowledge rather than the more theoritical knowledge .it's the time to move on to the new pattern not the older pattern which we r learning now .plz make a serious note on it.
0 0 Today, our nation India is developing at very fast rate among the many top nation of the world. This is a innovative collaboration among the citizens and well thinker of India from across the globe. What I see from the poorest to richest, there is need for education, proper technology, awareness to be a smart citizen of the country there is need of Invention Rights and Protection of Law for all Indian Innovative Inventors.
0 0 I am working on to bring upcoming scientist from schols by providing them guidance and platform to work on their ideas.
0 0 Dear Gov, there are several innovations that are brilliant however the innovator need not always have the business skills needed to turn it into actual product / service in market. Hence, this initiative should also bring the innovators and businessmen together so they may launch the ideas into the market and the innovators see some income. This will encourage people to come forward with their ideas.
0 0 If goverment really want to progress of the country should cancel the reservation. The kachra kind of people are in the system and talent is not exist in the system. Please make this country on basis of talent first.
0 0 Teach them via using animated cartoon series and teach the students to apply knowledge practically and science should be taught via making them do more experiments and via giving them knowledge about the scientist in the form of a story.Teach them what will help them to contribute productively. No derivations please as it seems to be impractical. Ma ths can be divided into fields: Commercial and INdustrial maths. Commercial for those who are interested in commerce and industrial for engineering.
0 0 Science and maths can be related to day to day activities. Maths can be taught creatively by teaching students to prepare a budget and then interesting applying formula for calculating simple interest and compound interest and if they are taught by using day- to- day examples they can connect and learn faster.
1 0 Dear My Government, PLease find the following attached document and please go through it...( Most Urgent)
1 0 i cant understand ki hm un logo ko smmanit kyu krte hai jo phle se hi famous hai jinko is prise ki koi zroort nhi hai hme unlogo ko smmanit krna chahiye jimko is smman ki zroort hai jisse ki vo apni or apne desh ki izzt ko or bda skte hai ya fir hme dono type ke logo ko smmanit krna chahiye jis se ki kisi ko bhi prblm na ho
0 0 Research on how we can develop a multidisciplinary approach in therapeutic field,getting the best out of all therapeutic systems & inculcating it in the medical education syllabus. Promote Integrated/holistic therapy approach at every govt health centres,by providing good manpower in all the systems@one place with proper supply of logistics needed & fine co-ordination b/w the systems,so that the public get the best treatment.
0 0 Research in Vedas,shasthras,puranas,yoga,Ayurveda,samskrit language,herbal medicine,naturopathy,integrated therapy(holistic therapy)approach etc to be well supported by the govt,so that our age-old the best life style will be made understood to Indians on scientific/modern science basis,the uses/benefits of our cultural/spiritual/food/therapeutic/relaxation practices,in turn improving performance & productivity & good healthy population. Research on eco-friendly development works.
0 0 CONGRESS started SLIET ,PUNJAB , NERIST , CIT , GKCIET . these 4 institutes take students from class 10 .if the boy is not very good , they award him iti after 2 years , if ok award him diploma after 3 years , if very good award him b tech after 6-7 years. this is true skill development. spending money in itis all waste
0 0 in last 15 months can MHRD quote even one measure conducive to quality education. why did we not start our model school programme from central schools , navo vidalayas. instead of opening model schools we should have adopted govt inter colleges in each school.
0 0 the main problem in India and Indian society we found is self responsibility, due to many centuries of cultural practice we simply try to blame some one on the happenings of failures with out any interest and effort and at the same time we always wait for the right compliments which can come from many cases. do your self best  first, we can attain the dreams of many leaders,followers like abdul kalam,gandhi and vivekananda garu.
0 0 tHE SCHOOL AUTHORITIES INCLUDING TEACHERS MUST CONCENTRATE ON THE BETTERMENT OF THE CHILD. THEY MUST FIND OUT THE SPARK WITHIN THE CHILDREN AND PROMOTE THEM TO BE A FACE IN THE CROWD. UNTIL & UNLESS THE SCHOOLS DO SOME KIND OF WORKS NOTHING COULD BE OPTIMISTIC.
0 0 In my opinion i think the teachers in these should be trained with these concepts so that they can be able to help their students. Teachers know more about their students and their intellectual/grasping capabilities and they are the one's who can help the students achieve their goals.
0 0 I think the right way to promote such program is via electronic media, cause in rural areas students are still not aware of such government initiatives.
0 0 The first and foremost thing to happen to ignite the children's mind is to endeavour to make the designated Schools take the task seriously so that the children 🙊 actually get energized to go deep into the basic Subjects i.e., Maths, Science & Technology. UNTIL & UNLESS THE SCHOOLS OPT TO TAKE THE SERVICES OF SUCH LUMINARIES WHO POSSESS REQUISITE QUALITIES, THINGS ARE NOT LIKELY TO HAPPEN.
0 0 To add point to this we need to add kalaripayattu a martial art, Bharatha natyam, yoga and music to strenthen their body and mind ,so that our children can learn science and mathematics well.. there is a connection between music and mathematics.. all parts of our body and mind will get inspired and children will be energetic all the time..Let us develop and employ teachers for these subjects too in this program.So that people get stronger in all aspects.
2 0 a toll free number for people to share their inventions and ideas. people on the other side should be scientists or those who can understand technology so that proper response is provided and most importantly these calls should be tracked so that no one is cheated. a toll free number will be beneficial for the brains with less money
1 0 please established another university other than BRABU UNIVERSITY.Please closed down running BRABU UNIVERSITY.
0 0 inspire groups or individuals engaged in bringing out hidden patriots and bringing them to the limelight. People will be inspired to to find a nation lover in their locality. Besides reading life history of the true nation lovers in schools must be made compulsory.
0 0 Setup ideology of being a proud indian being introduced to developed word and work out details. Prepare curriculum to teach young india about "how to be be good Indian?" E.g. While driving/ walking were are least bothered about others. Teach them how you can yield to others, your independence should not cross the independence of others sphere. Stop where other's nose begins.....
0 0 pavements/footpaths were facilitated. But they are occupied either by vendors or else two wheelers trespass over them.  How pedestrians can walk on the busy roads?  The future citizens drive on them etc. How to educate them?  At cross roads and/or traffic signals, many pot holes are there, leading to traffic congestion.
1 0 One direct help line should be provided to all so that any one who has any new idea or innovation, can directly share. Once selected by government, he should be given all kind of support to execute the same.
1 1 ???? ?????? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ?? ??????????? ???? ?? ?? ??? ??? ???? ?? ?? ?? ???? ??? ???? ????? ???? ??? ???? ?? ?????? ?? ???? ????? ??? ???? ?? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ????? ??? ?? ??? ?? ???? ?? ??????? ?? ??? ???? ??? ?? ???? ????? ?? ??? ??? ??? ?? ????? ?? ??? ??? ?? ????? ?? ??????? ?? ????? ?? ????? ?? ???? ??? ?? ???? ?????? ?????? ???? ?????? ???? ????? ?? ????? ??? ???? ??? ???? ?? ???? ?? ???? ?? ????? ?? ?? ?? ???? ???????? ???? ?? ??? ????? ?? ??? ???? ????? ???? ??? ????? ???? ??? ?? ??? ??? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ?????? ?????? ???? ?? ?? ??? ???? ???? ??? ??? ?? ??? ????? ?? ?? idea ?? ?? ??? ??? ????? ??? ????? ???? ??? ???? ???? ??? ???? ??? ????? ?? ????? ?? ?? ???? ??? ?????? ???????
1 0 (Kill Corruption): For all newly employed govt. employees,Police investigation about all assets and all relatives' assets should be carried out. At the time of retirement also, the same should be done. This will bring out the corruption. At least, there will be a fear that there will be investigation at the time of retirement for all employees and all their near relatives.
1 0 The person who invents has an out of box thinking...let's have a national competition at a level where such talents can be recognised ..rewarded .groomed...and employed.
1 0 If we would give priority to "Kshamata" means ability=capability=quality which shoult not based on any cast-ism than and than our research work will clearly get attention from the rest of the world.
1 1 Reserve Sc quota 25 percent for avishkar, obc 10 percent, girls 10 percent nothing more innovative than this i bet. plus give them rate of interest as per reservation, loan too. since equality can never prevail in india, also count their vote weightage as per reservation.
0 0 Word Avishkar itself means that the students need to think out of the box and exhibit uniqueness. This is totally related to the traits of an individual and these individuals needs to be catered for further studies in research and indulge in technological growth of India.Do away with quota system as it hampers the growth of a nation.
0 0 There should be a association where all the people can submit their innovations and copy right it. If it is found reliable then we should go for high level implementation.
0 0 Dear Government, before we express our opinions on RA, Please clarify your status on the follwoing: a. Is the government pro- or anti-research and intellectual discourse? If anti, then it is destroying one of the 3 pillars of civilization-its scholars. b. Is the government planning to promote ONLY a services sector and academia is low priority? Is yes, then it is lacks vision for culture specific innovation. c. What are the indicators of the govt. interest in promoting high quality education?
1 0 1. Remove culture of mediocrity by doing away with Mandal reservations and quotas. 2. Provide equal opportunity to all by providing financial support to the needy. 3. Focus on quality of higher education. 4. Turn national institutions in centres of excellence. 5. Merit alone should be the criteria for progress and advancement. 6. Create a University of Hindu Civilization and Culture in Delhi to focus on Sanskrit, Dharma, comparative religions, philosophy and social sciences.
0 0 Har koi jab  clean India ban sakta h jab logo ise ke bare me kuch sumja jaya ja ske aur ise progrme me students ko jur shamil kre taki ve b logo ko bta aur as ke bare me sumja sake
0 0 I mean I will not assume that because we are doing volunteer work it has to be science only. I mean I don't mind student educating student about arts,painting , poems, literature, even on nail arts. I mean we don't really need to focus only on science activity when it is volunteer work. but don't make it too huge where anybody can preach and also dont make it too small that we lack of human resources it self. make a clear process areawise.
0 0 I think we should use college students like 1st year , 2 nd year one for volunteer work so they have liberty to travel and they also understand science too and their understanding is also developed by that time. And that can be just consider extra activity from the college. So city students can provide help to there near by villages. I mean but for that we should be knowing top rated colleges from where we are grabbing scholars.
0 0 as you have mentioned addressing scientist in the space program . I agree with you providing slide show or demo or video and educating children in village is necessary. In fact they are very solid foundation of this program. I think. So i agree with you. I believe you already have vision. May be we need some volunteer work in this area and start building as reality as much we could.People just need to know what country is expecting from them that's the best help we can provide
0 0 thank you bye bye bye bye bye  no more  suggestion because you listen only rich people punishment from  Brahman to Brahmin
0 0 in particular, the form of executive-branch arrangement is distinct from most other parliamentary and semi-presidential republics that separate the head of state (usually designated as the "president") from the head of government (usually designated as "prime minister", "premier" or "chancellor") and subject the latter to the confidence of parliament and a flexible tenure in office while the head of state lacks either dependency, and investing either office with the majority of executive power.
0 0 but with a dependency upon parliamentary power.
0 0 parliamentary republic  government where the executive branch (the government) derives its legitimacy from and is accountable to the legislature (the parliament). There are a number of variations of parliamentary republics. Most have a clear differentiation between the head of government and the head of state; with the head of government holding real power, much like constitutional monarchies. Some have fused the roles of head of state and head of government, much like presidential systems, but
0 0 Through the suggested R&D Portal managed by MHRD, it can also Add and ask for R&D suggestion and Information from Various departments of Govt. We can use this portal as an medium for People who have great R&D concepts but are not able to put it up on proper platform. We have a talented and well knowledgeable Old People that also can add to this Portal of R&D, their experience and aide to youths will be helpful. Please have a thought on this R&D Portal, it can be a game changer, if we work on it
0 0 Very well thought. Our education is good but only theoretical, we focus almost NIL on students or people contributing to Innovation. I think MHRD should make an Portal where it can post Idea or Topic for Research and Development(R&D). If we give platform to Citizen to share their R&D ideas and projects the MHRD can really be a partner to boost India in field of Innovation. User should be allow to add New R&D concepts. Ministry should sincerely add, respond and aide to new R&D ideas via portal.
0 0 every project initiative from a citizen should be equally taken interest of. Govt should make a firm for guiding and providing funding support to the feasible ideas.
0 0 sir, I have a project for the cleaning of Indian railways and for development of indian railways
0 0 Suggestion to Implove Railway Service and Income
0 0 #skillindia #universityofindianarmedforces My open letter to ms smriti Irani, min of HRD Dear madam, I am writing you to highlight the atrocities to the serving sailors,soldiers,airmen. They all are recruited and trained in their allotted trades by the defence. But the biggest irony is that none of the courses and training  offered are recognised by the UGC nor these are affiliated to any university. So the highly trained and skilled jawan when retires at an early age of32-35 years, his qualification is nil. He gets nothing. My request to you is that A UNIVERSITY OF DEFENCE BE ESTABLISHED just as #rakahashaktiuniversity established by our beloved PM sir in Gandhinagar. This historic move will place our government back into the hearts of the jawans. A bad image of our PM has been created by some rogue elements on OROP issue. The jawans retiring after 15 years of more are being given some funny 'equavalant to graduation' certificate which has no educational value. Jawans are being cheated by the officers so that they will not face competition from them in higher posts after retirement. To cover all this up,  jawans pre release courses offered but they too are of no educational value. Retiring Officers are offered courses in IIMs an IITs. The jawans re allotted hair cutting technology course.
0 0 R/sir The money allotted for R&D is would not spent for this. Management shows sluggish nature about research work. 2nd thing is all school above class 10 should have a separate faculty to monitor and encourage the students who have interst in research.
0 0 In BHARAT Marriage is most important part of life for which service is necessary.Any student doing PhD has no surety of getting job/government job.Science research scholar getting job in private engineering college as a part time faculty.Their whole life is full of struggle. Normally completing PhD, age of student is more than 30 years.There is pressure from guardian to get job and then marriage.First solve these issue.increasing fellowship will not solve the problem,it is only for few years.
2 0 Dear Mr. Prime minister, I have no doubt in your commitment towards a prosperous and technologically sound India.  I would suggest, pl take a feed back from PhD students and non-managerial scientists in'Mentoring Institutions’first to get the actual status of R&D environment particularly in central institutes. Pl have a check how much money is pumped into so called R&D institutes and what is the real out put. Most talented join govt and in no time they become a part of the white elephant.
1 0 Create a national regulatory body of retired scientists to monitor the Inventions-small or big at micro level and it is nothing to do with PATENTS. The object of the Body is to see that the Invention is developed through support to the level of commercialization & recognized as a PATENT.
0 0 Sir,first of all congrats on your successful victory as our PM of INDIA and we expect more from you because we trust you first of all we would like to know why we christian minorities are ignored in every sector of education and job sector as we don,t get admission in schools and colleges neither good jobs in government sectors or private.why we have no facilities.secondly,on this teachers day where we celebrate all over INDIA together then why government teachers are paid higher than private.
1 0 Mananiya modiji through DTH can you provide us high speed broadband Internet access in every rural village people's house. Is there any technology being developed for this. If yes how long we wait. If no why it will be not. I need a response from your office soon
1 0 Dear Sir, To promote research and development, we need to have easy access to tools and technologies. Individuals and tiny/small companies will find it very difficult to buy the same as they have to pay 30% customs duty on all such imports. The bigger irony is we even pay customs duty on shipping costs also. The cost of shipping and duties will increase the purchase price by 100%. I request the government to allow students, innovators to import necessary tools at reasonable cost
1 0 SHRI MODI Sir, Most recently someone from our Hyderabad city has invented a car-engine system which is driven with merely WATER (H2O) as its fuel with instead of PETROL or DIESEL with efficiency of giving 1500KM per Litre, oxygen as exhaust gas,Extend life time. Such innovators need  huge encouragement, then immediately by achieving Copyrights,can MAKE HUGE Profits for NATION.THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT for our ECONOMY to drastically reduce IMPORT COSTS for petrol, diesel & other petroleum products.
0 0 I urge government to consider C K Raju as panalist to create 1 to 12 standad mathematics curticulam..he is great aset to India and will be a great value add.
0 0 which can be partly funded by govt and industry
0 0 good educational institutes like iit need to collaboration with industry and colleges students and have lots on ongoing research projects of national interest like electric car, aeroplanes, helicopters, defence equipment, genetics
0 0 Research promotion required in engineering and medical colleges and like institutions. Targeted funds linked with performance indicators reaching directly to students with networked mentorship at national and international level can help. Reputed institutions should encourage mentoring other alike institutions.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please do involve "Safari" magzine from Ahemadabad, "Science reporter"/Avishkar and Dream magazines scientist/reporters/innovators in this abhiyan
0 0 First a fall we need to protect indian languge . because if we are learning things in different languse , the it is difficult mostly to understand. if we are studied in HINDI MEDIUM After that if we then go in english mediam for learning a professional thing then firstly we need to understand the languse then we can understand the thing . and many people of lacks of interest BECAUSE OF LANGUSE. Please solve these problems as soon as passible. then your  Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan will succeed.
0 0 if we have a website for education videos consisting of all classes from all colleges/schools provided the school,teacher are ok with it.for eg.if a person wants to learn aeronautical science even though he is not a student of that subject in a college,he may get to know of the science being taught through the education videos.
1 0 Since the space is limited here, I have written my suggestions on Quora and pasting a link to it here. http://balajiviswanathan.quora.com/Suggestions-to-improve-Mentoring-in-R...
1 0 Refer below website where we are in science and innovation. we spent more than 1 crore per year per innovator in institutions. what we are getting.... like nothing.... http://scroll.in/article/727743/india-research-report-doctorates-innovat...
1 0 First any innovation must not be a property of highly educated people like Master degree or Ph. D. Any person interested in science can create new ideas. So, government to allow them  to share their ideas and take interest in it. It seems that our scientific institution strickly requires high qualification to qualify. that is the wrong procedure. how can high percentage person allowed without knowning he/she has innovative mind ?. instead govt. to take nation wide exam to qualify.
0 0 Developing creativity is an art. Besides the institutes, personalities who can generate interest among the students should also conduct the classes.
0 0 Respected PM, my suggestion is to have a similar website to free sharing of innovative ideas like "MyIdea.in" - ideas worth exploring should be given chance, guidance and monitory support by the government.
0 0 “Ignited minds of the youth are the most powerful resource on earth, above earth & under earth.” LEGACY •	Culture of innovation–India Innovates/ Innovate for India. •	Week of OCT 15 – Kalam Innovation week •	OCT 15(Kalam Jayanthi) – Nation Building Day •	Sept 5 – Call to the Nation, Let’s pay tribute to the great man with our Innovation. This sets the right tone and gives the thrust to propel the “Rashtriya Aavishkar Abhiyaan” launched
1 0 This sets the right tone and gives the thrust to propel the “Rashtriya Aavishkar Abhiyaan” launched by Government of India (Indeed it is the last government program attended by Dr. Kalam).
2 0 KALAM INNOVATION FESTIVAL “Ignited minds of the youth are the most powerful resource on earth, above earth & under earth.” - Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam LEGACY •Culture of innovation–India Innovates/ Innovate for India. •Week of OCT 15 – Kalam Innovation week •OCT 15(Kalam Jayanthi) – Nation Building Day •Sept 5 – Call to the Nation, Let’s pay tribute to the great man with our Innovation.
1 0 We need to bring good teachers to make students better. Eligibility criteria for teachers is very conservative. For instance, , I came to know that a person having MSc in Biochemistry is eligible only for PGT Chemistry but not Biology. After studying subjects like Cell Biology, Enzymology, Metabolism, Genetics, Immunology, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Biochemical Toxicology, etc at Post Graduate Level, one is not eligible to teach Biology at Secondary School Level in Govt Schools.
0 0 Many projects and new developed products of DRDO are still awaited for confirmation of govt to induct in army but due to delay and long process they are still useless. Do some needful
0 0 MNCs establish make-in-India is great.but not even fraction of jobs needed can be fulfilled by them.Also,domestic problems can be solved innovatively by products made by people living in local ecosystem.But people have to be empowered to make.So import duty on 3D printers should be removed. This future of manufacturing tech can be used to design and make things locally by a 4th pass...with just access to a computer & electricity. Today, all taxes inflate  to 160% of its actual cost outside India
1 0 sir there is millions of brilliant mind living in India. I think government should have to launch this program for every Indian (not only for children) who have idea to invent something which is really useful for India and rest of the world. Government should have to work on a project which is specially designed for new invention. so that anyone can upload his invention online or show demo to expert scientists. if it is really useful than govt. should have fund and apply invention in real ground
0 0 Learning of Maths and Science are such subjects which give feeling of phobia in student community, the best practice is to introduce practicals based learning approach only. No theory classes will work even person from IIT or IISc take part in the form of teaching/mentoring. Unless students being told how things works, develop their own views, things will not be changed. by adopting so practice, scientist will give excuse on poor infrastructure, lack of basic amenities, social status etc etc.
0 0 sir/madam, These days coaching centers even below metric level are guiding and educating students which limits the thought process of a student within acedemic countour. Step taken for mentoring schools by premiur colleges is applausable. My only suggestion is that students of these schools should be accesseble to lab and tech festival of these colleges and a volunteer group of enginnering students should involve with diciples to encourge them for science and tech.
0 0 There should be social reform is required in national structure. therefore, reseach of social issues are also important for equall opportunity and development of all the essential and necessited people of our nation. In respect to reservation, there should be research of reservation policy that, how much people have come forward by reservation and how many people are still backward and reason for not getting benifit of backward etc. should be reseach for large public interest,for equality to all
0 0 My Suggestions : It is very tough task to mentor all the students in India. This is also not good if gov is focusing only big schools. Gov should launched a number of quiz on its website (Maths , Analytics) in which students can participates.Message should be convey to different schools.quiz Solution should be based on ideas/innovations. Based on the innovation,ideas a group of students should be formed which must be mentor by IT  companies,IIT ,NIT for further innovations.
0 0 My Suggestions:1. In each 640 districts of India,There should be government sponsored committee, who take care of the wellness of scientific as well as fundamental science competitive environment for the students .categories should be of nursery to upto 5th standard. 6th to 12th standard , for graduation level for PG and Research students. 2.for every Avishkar students should be awarded with monetary support as well as patient of with thier name. 3.The scientific environment is key to success
0 0 Breakfast is called Brain food and it is the first meals after a night long fast.
1 0 Sir in the case of technology exhibitions IT companies can be made a part of it.Another fact that came to my notice is that there is a strong correlation between breakfast and learning abilities as revealed by scientific studies(i am not influenced by kellogs breakfast ad.).Many students skip breakfast either out of poverty or out of ignorance.There shall be a breakfast scheme for poor students.in the latter case parents shall be made Aware of this fact so that children dont go to school hungry.
0 0 this will definately going to expose out  at the new level of technology & sharp brains which helps the overall growth of nation ,thankyou very much sir for launching such an innovative programs
0 0 There are so many scientific and social research made, which are usful for creative measure. But, one of the important research, which require immidiate solution for common public is to control price rate of essential commodities like agricultural, vegetables, groceries, edible oil etc., how to control price of such items it should be research as early as possible to control the price rate without making loss to the agriculturist.This research will help common public for happy life.
0 0 SIR KINDLY WATCH THE VIDEO PRESENTATION ON RAIL POWER-A INNOVATIVE IDEA FOR POWER GENERATION WITHOUT POLLUTION.
0 0 SIR KINDLY WATCH THE VIDEO PRESENTATION ON LOGISTIC TRANSPORT WITH LOCAL TRAINS AND METRO RAILS IN MAJOR CITY'S OF INDIA.
0 0 SIR KINDLY WATCH THE VIDEO PRESENTATION ON KRUSHI BHARATH- A PERMANENT SOLUTION FOR FARMERS OF AGRICULTURAL SECTOR IN INDIA.
1 0 SIR KINDLY WATCH THE VIDEO PRESENTATION ON BHARATH NEER MINARAL WATER FROM INDIAN GOVERNMENT THROUGH PANCHAYAT'S AND MUNICIPALITY'S
0 0 GOVT. should build a kind of "INNOVANTION HUNTERS" by using state employees, who are posted even in interior zones of a particular state and discharging duties in the fm of Agriculture officers, teachers etc.. These task force can gv genuine informations abt innovative ideas or inventionsof their surroundings. Thwy can too promote children, adylt, youngesters any body to an appropriate platform.....i thnk this is one of the best way to reach public directly.
0 0 Sir, a very nice initiative , but it will also be segregated to cream schools and institution unless the condition of primary schools and all govt colleges improve. All ideas should start from the basics, the basic here is improving primary education at any cost.
0 0 Dear sir, please add a new subject 'Idea and innovation' for school students which would be the part of science and maths. first we must train the students then they will be able to do. And secondly divide the stream from 9th standard so students can explore their talents students who usually take part in sports activity suffer a lot in study so there must be a strong criteria for them to accelerate their sports so as we can add lots of medal in olympics
0 0 sir steave jobs ko basic investment mili thi isiliye usne apple jaisi company khadi ki par aaj hamare engineers k pass bohotsi aisi IDEAS h jo dunia me BHARAT nam roshan kar sakti h to aap ek engineer ko company banane k liye basik fund aasani se mile iss bare kuch kijiye
0 0 PM Modi & his Govt. works hard & cheapest way to tell people is Ministry & Department website. Why don't the jokers of NIC "INVENT" user friendly "PDF-free" scientifically designed govt websites? For each ministry & department, who is the joker responsible for coordination with jokers in NIC? Can we throw the incompetent jokers out? Can we "INVENT" "Sarkari-Haramkhor-Mukt" govt offices?
0 0 #MHRD #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan PM Modi & his Govt. works hard & cheapest way to tell people is Ministry & Department website. Why don't the NIC jokers make good, user-friendly, eye-catching, PDF-file-free websites with systematic display of information based on scientific parameters? Why don't they "INVENT" user friendly "PDF-free" govt websites? Why treat Website visitors like visitors to govt. offices-->"unwanted"? (Take this PDF file and go away, don't stay on the website!)
1 0 Because of reservation systems, talented person are not ready to come to Govt jobs. It will be secondry. After independence 50 years only reservation policy should be there like that only I read somewhere. We have crossed more than 50 years. Now the time to change the policy. The policy can be " per month income" for family  may be the scale for concession to give. Otherwise India may loose talented people.
1 0 shall be compulsory and free for all students.
0 0 Sir Schools conduct science exhibitions including themes from science and maths.Mostly ideas for presentation and projects come from teachers and students have little role in it.This shall change and exhibitions should become forums for students to exhibit their innovative thinking.Further there shall be technology exhibitions conducted on a district level basis with the participation of students as well as technical experts to develop interest in technology and the participation in exhibition
0 0 lets follow the linux model of innovation, where problem are posted and people provide solution to ultimately tie thread for bigger goal.
0 0 Stop Caste based Reservation and give opportunities to general category students otherwise all of the brilliant minds will emigrate to other countries. Reservation System has paralyzed the "ignite their minds" philosophy.
1 0 Because of Reservation system in india, talented students are not getting chance to show their talent The reserved category student can get admission and goverment job easily on other hand student having talent but belong to general category does not get admission or goverment job admission and job must get based on talent not based on cast or reservation
0 0 Passengers seeking rail reservations face unavailability of seats in Indian trains. To resolve this problem train coaches may be modified existing coach by Sleeper cum chair car coach or replaced by Chair Car cum Sleeper Double Decker coach. The proposed designs of both the coaches are attached herewith. These designs may also be increased the revenue of Railway and may resolve the shortage of rail reservations.
0 0 "IF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THE WAY WE TEACH, WE TEACH THE WAY YOU LEARN" SAYS BRITISH COLUMBIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (BCIT), CANADA. SO, WE NEED TO MAKE "INSTRUCTIONAL SKILLS" WELL MEET THE "LEARNING SKILLS" AND VICE VERSA. "KEEPING IT SIMPLE" ALWAYS WORKS!
0 0 In premium Engineering/management/medical  institutes like IIT, IIM, AIIMS,FMS  NIT etc (Under Government) there shouldn't be subsidy given to students on fees. If their family is capable then let them pay else arrange a bank for education loan because most  of them go outside of India either for job or further education. why should tax payer pay for their education. What's their benefit because they will be serving other countries rather than India.
0 0 THERS SHOULD NOT BE ANY RESERVATION AND WORKERS UNIONS IN INDIA. THOSE WHO DESERVE ON MERIT SHOULD GET OPPORTUNITY TO SERVE THE RESPECTED ORGANISATION.
0 0 Bright students must have assured career path in their respective fields, once they ventured into science with full dedication. The school curriculum and examination pattern must be reoriented to test the creativity knowledge of the students.Scientists and Academicians must be encourage to visit nearby schools to encourage students to take up a science as their career. Further schools must put efforts,so that students get facilities to interact with scientists and academicians its nearby region.
1 0 sir,according to me there must be apprentice training for all technicians and engineers according to students desired fields for about 6 months in which they have to work on the live projects just to have practical knowledge .they also given the task how to tackle with the live problems and ask for their suggestions how they can help in solving the issues .today engineering students are facing serious problems due to lack of practical knowlegde. hence apprentice is must for all engg. students.
0 0 Sir, Please go through the attached news clipping published in Nai Duniya on 29/08/2015 which will reveal how the Govt. of MP is cheating its own employees for last ten years.
0 0 Sir Please involve GOI education regulators like AICTE and Pharmacy Council of India,and Technical Universities of states who do nothing in Innovation promotion/ Aviskar but have only business of inspecting private colleges/institutions and Exam conducting body at UG level. BIASED distribution of marks obtained in theory and practicals, Internal vs external could be easily know to deaf and dumb.Please instruct a check on UPTU website. This practice destroys innovation/research culture.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I humbly submit with known facts available (on website)of Indian Patent Office that 15 -20% of Indian Patent filed from DRUG & PHARMACEUTICAL background. The best person to examine such patents should be qualified from Pharma background such as M.Pharm. Since he studies advances in pharma sciences, carried out one year research work & IPR (patent Act) at PG level. Recently No such qualification given in eligibility conditions for the post of Patent Examiner in DIPP, GOI 2015
0 0 Sir, Recently there is lot of  hue and cry for Section 3(d) of Indian Patent Act 1970 in India. Indian system of patent thinks that patent granted only if you have idea of novelty in dream and non-obviousness when you are half wakeup and industrial research in wake up state. Such practice is very vague. This could led to backwardness in innovations and hence we are even behind KOREA. We cannot exist against CHINA and US. Please change this stance to INCREMENTAL DEVELOPMENT of patent granting.
0 0 Sir, My first submission is to make mandatory for all scientists of govt set up 1) to learn basics of industrial research/marketable innovations first 2) at least joined with students of non-govt institution proactively and spread innovation culture 3)be it part of their promotion and service rules 4)India badly needs Industrial Innovations NOT RESEARCH PAPERS/RESEARCH PROJECTS HANDLED/post docs/paper presented in conference 5)Spread awareness of Intellectual property rights viz patents.
0 0 sir i have invented a lot of machine which are need of hour and filled four patents and six more to file.patent examination in india is very slow.as everybody know teccnology can only streanthen country.so please do needful in patent related matter.my patent examination will take maximum 6 hours.i have already checked in uspto and espto database ,no patent found related to topic.so if you check this sight also it will take maximum six hours.so please make sure best patents gets approval #mygov
0 0 Thru big data analytics SKILL INDIA should be promoted online keeping the interest and skill of candidate in mind--so every person must get an emil address linked with AADHAR
0 0 our old shastras hv much , pandit bitha ke ayurved ki research krni chahiye , baba ramdev is doing but need effort , many other granth are to be researched ! proper integrated team will be required , sanskirt students ko job bhi mil jaye ga
0 0 integrated scientist exam for different research lab , hv to create a prestigious award very prestigious , something which give respect in society , equivalent to bharat ratna eg vigyan ratna , ( it must hv two parts one scientist Iike Dr kalam , other young innovator out from society ) , third and idea fourm just like my gov , separate with PDF attach and YouTube video attach facilities , ( lot people hv ideas and many other see new things on YouTube )
0 0 1. Students can best be "ignited" by engaging them directly in exciting research projects at these institutions. They should be made active members of ongoing research projects and made "responsible" for real work - they should feel that they are expected to contribute in a meaningful way (read about "Special Engineer Detachment" in chapter "Los Alamos from Below", in the book "Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!").
2 0 Avishkar Aviyan can ignite young mind when the students at tender age are exposed to ignited minds.Teachers at primary education struggle with their own problems of low & irregular salary. Government should fill up the gap of quality teachers by creating an online database of working & retired professionals willing to contribute to the society by teaching students on a particular subject giving practical insights to text book science, mathematics. Database can be made at all panchayat level.
0 0 Selection of teachers in primary/high schools should be made as per vacancy in specific subject wise. It should be conducted through an open Interview process consisting of written test, GD, ppt & PI. BEd or any Teachers' Training certificate should not be given credit or should be removed from the eligibility criteria.
0 0 Our government should shift the matter of Education from the Sate list to the Union List in our constitution; so that it can be helpful for implementing uniform policies for the development of education in our country which can lead ti new inventions, discoveries, researches. The criteria for recruitment of teachers in Primary and High Schools in our country should be changed. There should be a minimum qualification of Post-Graduation to become teacher.
1 0 Sir.. Why we are not using Methane Gas in cylinder.... Please think about this as methane gas can easily found from gober gas If we can make Methane gas cylinder and can distribute it in our country then it can be beneficial to both who use LPG and who did not use LPG... As LPG user found methane gas cylinder more beneficial then they leave LPG which can be used by Non LPG user Methane gas be produced on large scale on @Piyush Rathi's idea Thank u
1 0 Younger minds to be encouraged to train their brains from the childhood. Every school must be asked to do talent hunt in  schools by organizing weekly events to explore research potentials in the students by making them to practice concentration, and think about the subjects taught and also encourage them to observe the nature and surroundings and solicit their suggestions to improve the surroundings & nature, record and implement. Let continuous improvement become culture in schools & students.
0 0 Government will be prepare small and large scale plant and technology and sale to public, so that create employment. There are so many expenses in research.
0 0 Wht to do to encourage reasearch in india 1 scientists life should be more glamorous nd ther salary should be more so tht the top layer of our iitan nd nitans should nt leave country 2 in clg level ibbovation nd reasearch should be given priority nt the 50 year old syllabus tht any1 can score by memorising a questionbank, 3 labs should be more up to dte nd innovation must be compulssory in every semester to 3 doctoral nd masteral scholarships should be more so tht students who leave after
0 0 Sir sc aue st category me atleast crimilayer to hona chahie taki jinko sach me awasyakta h unhe mile na ki unhe jo khud lakho fees dekar international schools me pd rhe h aur jinke pas sare resources h, ydi sc st me crimilayer lg jae to 10 sal me sach me sb barabar ho jaenge aur age iski jarurat hi nhi hogi
0 0 Sir hmare desh me rwsearch based study hi ngi hoti kisi b top institute me, nits iits me first year useless hai aur last me kuchh krne ki awasyakata hi nhi kyuki projects ko koi b faculty serious nhi lete, aur studebts ko apne intrest ke subjects pdne ka koi option hi nhi h, bs ek predefind 50 year old sylkabus usi ko rat lo aur bn jao engineer, jb tk students ko apne intrest ke sub pdne ka optn nhi milega aur projects ko serious nhi liya jaega tb tk research ke liye atmosphere nhi bn skta.
0 0 Govt. has done a wonderful job by starting Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan. Rural population of india is around 70%. Rural areas of india are not enough developed to connect well with internet. In my opinion, innovation is not only in technology...but it can be in anything...its our ability to think differently and do things differently...its also called Jugaad. To bring innovation culture I think we should run a workshop in schools through NGOs. We can also train school teachers for workshop.
0 0 Most of Aavishkar have done by Europen and Americans due to they are creating environment for the same ,so what we have to do in India: 1.To make a compulsory tour for student (from 5th class to 12th class every year twise) at varies places like R&D centre,Factory,Labs,big Government and private organization to show them what is going on and how people work. 2.To make a compulsory library in school ,where he can get biography of Scientists and related books in regional language.
0 0 Respected Sir, 1. We should promote , mini/micro electronics tool , so that students themselves can experiment with the different tools and innovate as such. 2. A knowledge network , in form of Visual methods, to utilize the existing infrastructure for creating some "fun experiment" in science. Like many Youtube channels providing same. 3. Also, the practicals which are part of existing curriculum should be modified to, experiment with the existing thing and not tied down by fixed modules.
0 0 Dear Sir , Greeting Of the Day ! I have an Idea about development of Varanasi . Today E-Commerce is growing field,If We directly sell the products manufactured in Varanasi like Sharee,etc through online website that can be reachable for everybody and this thing will help the condition of poor people who is working day and night but not getting relevant Price Of Products also it will reflect the quality of product world wide . Thanks&Regards Bijendra Mishra
0 0 college students k liy  training camp for  job ...15din Ka copalsrry kosal VIkas yojana  start kar yuwa sakti desh ki   ahagy  badega....
0 0 It's a great initiative of Indian Government and I'm sure very soon the impact will be visible. :) Best wishes for #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
0 0 science fairs and science competitions are the best way to explore science. the govt should hire some consultancy who can help them in finding the the other ways and innovative ideas
1 0 #MHRD can perform these steps: 1. Showcase the importance of science and inventions made by Indian institutions like ISRO and DRDO to the college students during their classroom lectures. Youth often gets attracted to social issues and will volunteer extensively to teach science to school students. 2. Launch a mobile app that will provide info about India's research programs and inventions. 3. Spread the initiative's importance through advertisements in TV, radio, newspapers, magazines etc.
0 0 This shud nt b kept only among schools, colleges. Every year a month , for every talent in small areas, shud get chance to exhibit ideas, innovations. Also every year a topic shud b chosen(ex- water resource, army soldier utility, cheap power sources modals, etc.) to focus and Empower India directly.
0 0 their should be Grading of every Govt and Private school ,semi Govtschool ,Miniortyschool ,madarsa,gurukul,like University and College . Grading should be done by Centeral govt. and indepentent org.
0 0 #modi ji#today edu shuld Becum nation building by controling needs greeds,desires with beauty of character born out of bharat Ma not by the British edu system which teaches the royAlity to experience needs,greeds,desires that helps the unwanted culture enter the mind and help to destroy ones character with evil root in human mind.mind building edu is required to develop and understand mind which helpsto handle the technology else unwanted technology will enter market to make money .
0 0 New generation having interest in achieving more technical skill and it will be useful to introduce technical subject as part of study from school level
0 0 1) People in general can also contribute if given chance. 2) Let the public register with a school of their interest. 3) The schools can allot half an hour per day for selected 3-5 entries to present ideas. 4) These can be tried for week(s) based on number of people show interest. 5) Subject-wise Mentors can be chosen on the basis of their ability to IGNITE minds rather than their subject-knowledge.
0 0 This is continuation of my earlier contribution. Selecting an object for research, designing the methodology, observation, collecting data, reporting the findings etc have to be trained in simple terms to develop in them conceptual idea and methodical innovations
0 0 This is in continuation of my earlier comment. In the third group intelligent people identified in previous batches have to be selected for advanced leaning. They can be given special training by IITs etc. Hubs of Labs constructed by Government for a cluster of villages will be attended by these students and interested lecturers from nearby colleges during summer holidays. A software programme like the one launched by Australian Universities i.e. open2study is to be launched to provide inputs.
0 0 The students should be categorized into three age groups. Group I: 5-7 years; Group II: 8-13 years: Group III: 14-18 years. Curiosity can be developed in the first group by assigning tasks like assembling of simple toys. Providing illustrative books about how Issac Newton could think about gravitational force, James watt could discover power of steam etc.  Intelligent students should be identified. In Group II teams have to be formed to undertake simple   projects by explaining the methodology.
1 0 One of the key reasons for young minds unable to understand science is the lack of good books in vernacular languages which are easy to understand. Science should be taught flowing backwards starting from what is being used in industry right now and being researched and going back all the way to how it all started and which experiments successful and failed led to what we have today.
0 0 In this portal itself one can have a topic of discussion wherein people can suggest different ideas on innovation required for manufacturing, services etc and some of the most feasible ones should be taken up by selected institutes
0 0 Mentoring institutions mentioned should be of both kinds ... one from higher education and others from industry. The industry people should tell about what are the problems that they faced and what are the latest solutions that they know of. Also if there is an R&D department in a company, that company should get some sort of tax benefits, with clear riders on output expected basis which that tax benefit will be there.
0 0 Fact of the matter is most engineering colleges at least have pathetic labs and students rarely pay attention to practicals. One of my engg prof had said "In Upkarnon se yeh result tumhara baap bhi nahin laa sakta", off course I had fudged data, but the reason was the equipments were not right, so proper audit of equipments which may lead to dismissal of lab assistant or profs is required in engineering colleges
0 0 We need to show the students different documentaries on how innovations happened in the west. There was a lot of rigour involved in terms of precise measurements and repetitive experimentation with slight variations. This effort is a must for innovation. Students should be made to understand that data fudging in practical classes leads nowhere and lab equipments should be such that precise measurements can be taken.
0 0 1. New Innovative ideas can be tested by PILOT plan at one place.That can help youth for earning at home town. Testing/utilisation of such production for that town at Free of Cost. E.g. - Solar power kits , Related techniqes in mass production. Production will gain - Earnings to local people. Installation to the same town can fetch Electricity cost down. Even such Solar panels for vehicles can reduce Petrol/Diesel use. Kisan Can be given Free Solar Energy.
0 0 Second suggestion I would like to give is to establish a National Institute of Scientific Research & Innovation (NISRI) Similar to NCERT as a nodal agency to design,co-ordinate, monitor and implement.....Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan. which may consist permanent member and Non permanent member ( Non permanent member can be from IITs AND NITs and other institute as advisers)
0 0 One more suggestion I would like to give is allow B.E./ B.Tech student for teaching post for all subject till 8th class and for MATHS ,PHYSICS, from 9th to 12th. This step will help in improving the level of primary and secondary education in country. This step will also promote practical aspect of teaching
0 0 I would have supported this idea but so called mentoring institutions are already under performing in their primary task of providing quality technical education to its student.they are facing shortage of quality faculty . So I suggest this responsibility should be given to CBSE and govt should restrain it self from using names of this top class (very few we have)  institution only for publicity. Instead help this institution to excel in their own field
0 0 Its really nice to see these initiatives, specially because these can be very powerful medium of change in the lives of people. But do we have an encouraging environment for innovations?? Most of our states are facing Severe problem in Elementary Education (ASER 2014), which probably is the biggest challenge in front of us. Govt. must focus on School Education as top priority work... this in turn give highly talented and sharp minded students, who will be capable of doing things accurately
0 0 If Roof Top solar plant of capacity 1KW - 5KW  is made affordable help us to counter our energy need and create huge employment in "manufacturing" to "maintenance after installation".
0 0 Can we extend mobile app. RMITRA launched by Railway to all citizens with feature “to detect & enlist all mobile within periphery of 20 meters in the event of emergency by mobile & IMEI No.”. When constitutional provision is made for acceptance of this data as evidence in the court of law, area of investigation along with witness is narrowed, resulting fast investigation as well as disposal of cases in court.
0 0 FOLDING BRIDGE- We designed 35 meter long folding bridge without any intermediate support, which can be erected by hydraulic mechanism from one side in less than 1 hour for INDIAN ARMY. This bridge can carry load upto 60 tonnes.This folding bridge can be fitted on tatra trucks to move from one place to other and to erect. We successfully implemented small scaled model of that folding bridge having span 5.5 meters which can carry 1.8 tonne load.We want to present our innovation in front of you.
1 0 GravityLight — a light that gets all its energy from its own weight. The light has a gear-train and DC generator. As a heavy object pulls down on one side, it creates a force that's converted into electricity. This generates enough power to light an on-board LED and ancillary devices. This produces a light over 5 times brighter (lux) than a typical open-wick kerosene lamp.It is pollution free and better than solar lamp as it is not dependent on light and thus can provide light 24x7x365.
0 0 Innovation and inventions in our country is merely a myth as our system do not support any of it
0 0 My query, perhaps suggestion, is more specific related to the advance research in India.Being a researcher working in the field of Molecular Biology and genomics I feel that in India we should developed a central facility equipped with all the modern platforms. Presently, we are having many research laboratories in India which leads to fund diversion and eventually dilutes the research quality. I think that in Biotechnology  we should have a central institute like BGI, China.
0 0 sir education at village level is very poor.When we are talking of digital India,nothing is done for the primary schools.There is no electricity,no teachers,no computers and many other facilities. Whatever is there that also do not reach to the students.Teachers bribe BSA and SDI and do go to schools even months together .Few teachers hardly give there attendance once or twice in a month. I am from uttar pradesh and whatever I mentioned is the condition of eastern UP.
0 0 Sir, Added a pdf page attatched
0 0 Can we have a national idea bank where all ideas can be shared and discussed by others also.  A common platform for innovation can help this great country achieve great heights
1 0 Sabse pahale to school colleges & Training institutes me technical material uplabdh karana hoga jisse ki vah acchi tarah se practical kar sake jiski wajah se unhe aur bhi knowledge milega aur wo kuch naya invent karne ki aur apna kadam badhaege. But aaj ITI jaise institutes me practical k jaruri material uplabdh nhi hai ar jo hai vah dashko purana hai jo ki aaj useme hi nhi dhikhti jiski wajha se students ko puri tarah se knowledge nhi milta hai . So please think & try best.
0 0 To me we are not able to touch the bottom of the problems. I think we need to allocate more budget for R&D in every company. Also we must connect our Colleges/Institutes with factories and Labs, so that we do not just get only theoretical education, but also practical experience, which is quite common in European countries. Do not give permission to companies, unless they commit to give training and provide facilities to young students
0 0 RAA - need to focus on the need of supporting the grass root innovations and innovators, and socially benefiting innovations, INDIA is having 12+ Crore households with out LPG usage and even it is not possible to provide them all with this cushion in 3-5 years, but they are facing ALRI problems due to unhealthy cooking material and conditions, time for providing them CLEAN COOKING STOVES - which can use pellets, agri-waste, gober-made cakes in Hygienic way and pl support our MOTHERS from smoke
0 0 In my opinion to promote innovation among school children and college students as well, MHRD must invite young mathematician and Fields medal winner Dr. Mukul Bhargava on Teachers Day for a televised lecture on "How to approach Mathematics" and "The relevance of Sanskrit and Classical music in shaping intellect". Our Honourable PM should speak about the "Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan" on 5th September and encourage students to learn and innovate and improve critical thinking.
0 0 My first post on this really good platform to interact with Govt. You can expect Innovations (Avishkar) by thought free from boundaries, so obviously you need not to give helping stick to one & making injustice to other who really can contribute being in that position but not able to do so because of well known cancer named reservation by cast. Reservation is not bad but it should be on basis talent & may financial grounds. If reservation issue is not resolved,its beginning of an end.
1 0 It's a good idea to start Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan in the name of Dr Kalam, an illustrious character. But As Kalam paid highest attention to school children, so new programs in invention and creativity should be a part of curricula. Present system of exams only emphasizes cramming facts and lacks innovative approach. Let there be prizes for creativity in all schools.
0 0 It's a good initiative of our govt to take views & necessary comments  on research from gen. public & educators. To create interest in students about research it's necessary to relate the study with real practical life & let the students free to think & explore their views, ideas in the field of their interest in research subjects, never impose/compel them to do task on pre-determined path.
0 0 Students should be encouraged and listen to TED and contribute talks on you tube. This is place innovation in all fields are discussed, We can also can create similar channel https://www.ted.com/talks
0 0 Esotonia although small country , it adopted R&D as the way to go. This is the country where skype software originated.  https://e-estonia.com/ also attached policy analysis document.
1 0 Sir, My concern about the primary education of India specially in rural areas.The situation of Primary schools in rural area are very very poor and similarly govt schools. Todays the scenario is very critical about education in these schools. Poor people cannot afford the expensive education in private school for their children. In this reference the  Allahabad High Court  have given a decesion that all children of beaurocrats will take education in govt schools. PL take necessary action .
0 0 Knowledge is expressed in any language
0 0 collaborate the schools with good universities so that school students can visit well equipped labs and can do some projects also. School inspection and teachers assessment time to time is also necessary
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
0 0 The concepts and theory in science is taught in a practical manner.Well  facility science labs should be established. working and  static models should be displayed to the students.
1 0 i think that government should appreciate those students who invent something which is related to defence
0 0 Our students work very hard and invent something which is great. But what about patent for these inventions? Students do not register that. Some other people gets the invention details from these students by paying small amount or by stealing and register the patents for such inventions in their own name. This does not benefit the students who worked hard, but helps get others rich only by paying a little. Government should help students by some way like making patents process simple etc.
1 0 It should be made compulsory for PHD to submit their thesis  to online dedicated site, all the good work done by PHD students can be conserved and open for other to learn, crowd sourced site like for medical students http://almostadoctor.co.uk/ should be encouraged. Slowly engineering and other disciple projects can be added to website. It can used for knowledge sharing. Encourage audio books which people can listen to it even doing house chores
0 0 Really good thought to promote creative side of students in discipline but I think first we should clean out other basic problem of school inherent system that lacks in giving quality education and proper information regarding future.
0 0 we need to take inspiration from our ancient texts that have enough material on science and maths. Need to tell stories and riddles etc. and encourage kids to think in this direction. Also inspire kids to read and learn about these achievements as well.
0 0 It should be extended to schools and there should be committee to handle it like kvpy. but there is a big problem in kvpy that it requires the sanction from school or college principal. do here such that any one who have ideas and want to share it.....can do it own self without any problems...
0 0 Idea is good but main hurdle is finding out the real talent. In our country people so so much used to approaches and sycophancy that even teachers are not able to bring out the real talent among the the students . We need good and dedicated teachers with proper checks so that scheme helps in grooming real young achievers.
0 0 Mr.PM ji,good idea but our teachers at school level are busy in some unwanted activities like preparing mid-day meal, collecting and distributing cloths,books for children...! In my opinion teachers should be meant for teaching and moulding the pupils' mentality for nation building not for doing all these donkey work.please stop all these and provide science instruments for practicals,because usually all parents could have capacity to provide all these basic things for their children.
0 0 Mr.PM ji,good idea but our teachers at school level are busy in some unwanted activities like preparing mid-day meal, collecting and distributing cloths,books for children...! In my opinion teachers should be meant for teaching and moulding the pupils' mentality for nation building not for doing all these donkey work.please stop all these and provide science instruments for practicals,because usually all parents could have capacity to provide all these basic things for their children.
0 0 dear pm, the innovative security and defence tool i.e. a modified gun made by two varanasi boys should immediately be taken to drdo for optimum modification and enhancement so that our borders can be made more safe and guarded.
0 0 Don't give any topics to the participants, it limits their thought around the topic only. Keep the topic open. Fund the winner so that he/she can do more research and improve his/her project.
0 0 stop funding madaras & haj subsidies & direct that fund for research in IIT etc.India has all resources but look at others for technology because we dont invest in research.
0 0 the students pursuing graduation or post graduation should be given chance to on research project going on in respective college or university as earn and learn. this would indirectly increase research oriented look in students.
0 0 can pakistan deny talk with america or with china ?? answer is absoulutly no...why ? ..because america and china both are world powers . who made them super power ?? of course their technology... but what are the reason so we can not make are engineers to stop in india and do research for india..we really need to think over it now. MODI JI please in this 30 AUGUST when u go on air  for MANN KI BAAT ...plz raise and  ask our engineers to stay in india and do something for india to make it .
1 0 'Mentorship Program': Every final year student at an IIT, NIT, etc.. should be appointed as a mentor to a high school student. On a monthly basis, the mentor will discuss the his experiences and learnings with his mentee. He will guide and counsel them in their scientific pursuits. By this program,school students will find a 'bhaiya-didi' to look up to and whose achievements they would like to emulate. #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGov
0 0 They neither know local language or English correctly .its very sad
0 0 Stop with immediate effect conflict ing laws in education ..Make uniform laws for education with 25% flexibility left for states.Teachers need to be given rigorous training in the subjects they teach for which new colleges should be opend district wise.most teachers teaching in tire 2& 3 cities hardly know their subjects. Government should engage rtd proffesors from different universities to teach and guide these teachers.currently children passing out of these schools are bad at languages
1 0 I as a NRI doctor returned to India with an OCI card to "Make in India" as is being promoted by Shri NaMo - yet today I find that my children who also hold OCI cards do not have the Right Higher Education in India. They are not eligible to appear for Competitive exams such as IIT, CET etc. Why this discrimination. These are children who are capable and are Gen Next that can contribute towards India's growth and Progress. Kindly address this issue at the earliest.
0 0 @narendramodi VillagePanchayats in the country and to use the hall  a LTD company  ओपन लिंक http://kishan13g.blogspot.in
2 0 Projects = apart from the book knowledge - having science, art and cultural exhibitions conducted in schools where the class students form groups in the interested topics and demonstrate them during parents visit and explain them - this improves communication and motivation as well the willingness to give the best - For the projects made the marks given should be for the team and best team rewarded shall be appreciated so that it motivates the others and look forward for better development.
1 0 it is require for every college and university young teacher to do their PhD and research work full potentially with their daily work. the teacher must give preference more than regular scholar. because when regular scholar found any job  eg. in banking or other non educated related field, then they will not much more interest in research..as a result the money as well as focus will dead. but the young faculties from college will doing their research for the entire life without any scholarship.
0 0 it is require for every college and university young teacher to do their PhD and research work full potentially with their daily work. the teacher must give preference more than regular scholar. because when regular scholar found any job  eg. in banking or other non educated related field, then they will not much more interest in research..as a result the money as well as focus will dead. but the young faculties from college will doing their research for the entire life without any scholarship.
0 0 it is require for every college and university young teacher to do their PhD and research work full potentially with their daily work. the teacher must give preference more than regular scholar. because when regular scholar found any job  eg. in banking or other non educated related field, then they will not much more interest in research..as a result the money as well as focus will dead. but the young faculties from college will doing their research for the entire life without any scholarship.
0 0 it is require for every college and university young teacher to do their PhD and research work full potentially with their daily work. the teacher must give preference more than regular scholar. because when regular scholar found any job  eg. in banking or other non educated related field, then they will not much more interest in research..as a result the money as well as focus will dead. but the young faculties from college will doing their research for the entire life without any scholarship.
0 0 Mind takes wings in ecosystem of motivation, facilitation and transparency...connect villages small towns with innovation centre of countries... digitally, physically whatever means...people have solutions for problems...How to structure and actualise those innovative sparks in concrete shape...let's have virtuous cycle of solutions rather vicious cycle of problems... It will take some time but effort has to be continous...
0 0 The people of every noks and corner of India should be aware of the competitions then the most talented innovatibe ideas which are been created should be aelected then the people who cannot afford the competition should be entered free of cost so that no one is left and the youth should be given full opportunity that the inventions done by them will surely be accepted
0 0 first and foremost required thing is to spread awareness in people of rural areas.They should be told about the benefits of the education. Education should be kept away from business. Qualitative education should be provided in the institutions. There should be a governing body to look after the huge rise in fees of the institutions.Such rules should be made that children of government employee and politicians must study in govt. schools in such a way the standards of govt. school will upgrade.
0 0 accho ko bachpan se unke career ko nishchit Karnee ka guidance milna chahie or unhe bachpan se us disha prayas karne ki shiksha    ( jo additional ek yaa do subjects Hoge)baccho ko milni hi chahie jaise ki kisi bacche ko  automobile side mai career karna ho toh usse 7th 8 th se hi iss prakar ki additional teaching mini chahie
0 0 Power crisis is a very -very big problem in India.Many factors like shortage of capital restricts power production.So a very easy method is being given.
0 0 #2020 flying india दॆखतॆ है| by the way nice innitiative by goverment #digitalindia
0 0 It is a great innitiative.We should broadly frocast this scheme and implement on ground level. I would also like to share that education system in government schools should be upgraded by the means of facilities and faculty. Every government school should be upgraded like any public or private school in that particular area. Other idea is to reduce the fees and payment of private school upto the level of government school fee.
2 0 I appreciate Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyaan. But still it has to work at ground level, so that each and every child get the benefit and will inspire. There are so many villages which has very talented brains, but they cannot reach to this, they are unaware about this. Make some small campaign to let the people know. Children have innovative ideas, they make their own way in daily life to tackle the challenges. Provide the good science laboratories and libraries also in village school.
0 0 BHARATH NEER MINARAL WATER FROM INDIAN GOVERNMENT THROUGH PANCHAYAT'S AND MUNICIPALITY'S
0 0 KRUSHI BHARATH- A PERMANENT SOLUTION FOR FARMERS OF AGRICULTURAL SECTOR IN INDIA.
0 0 we  all know in Day today live  New Technology is helping were all  to performed our Daily task to make it easyer .  New technology changes  play major role in our daily live . Eg .Land phone is for make a voice call for where we can call .But today a smart phone can make call with viedo call used as Camera .Its a big revolution in day to day live . But I need focus in u all to the studie Book . we used book to study from a  5years old . In Nursurey Class we learn A,B,C,D from a Book  (next )
0 0 There are so many community seeking reservation quota in various states. I want to suggest that, there should be given special status to non reservation catagory, like "SWAVLAMBI" or "SELF DEPENDENT". The benifit is only that, special respect will be given to all places,if the status of person is self depensent, It is also available to person who sacrifice the reservation right of specified catagory for which he belongs. Hence, It will be proud of non-resevation people who do not avails reserva
0 0 Sir here is a so many women they have do something special there own children. But they have no money. Sir please do something there special.
0 0 DEAR SIR, RATHER THAN FOCUSING ON PLACEMENTS, WE SHOULD MANIPULATE OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM SUCH THAT STUDENTS BECOME INNOVATIVE . FOR INSTANCE. STUDENTS SHOULD BE GIVEN A PLATFORM WHERE THEY CAN DISCUSS THEIR IDEAS WITH OTHER SUCH EDUCATIONISTS AND THE COLLABORATION MAY WORK WONDER. ALSO, WE CAN ORGANISE INNOVATION FAIRS WHERE THEY CAN PARTICIPATE AND CREATE SOMETHING  NEW.
0 0 Dear Sir there r many bright minds in INDIA. But then we have to have Research and Development wing for general people to show their talent. I.m sure people with proper education to have high ideas for India's GROWTH.
1 0 If government really want to peace in our country so its need to remove caste reservation system on education jobs etc.
0 0 to literally "Ignite Minds" first they must enjoy learning and understand the concepts through videos. Every govt school is provided with desktops but sorry to say not even a single school is using it effectively due to lack of faculty. all desktops are kept just idle. if used properly we can show them videos of working of heart, pumping of blood etc and many more. First make them learn Computer and get connected and be part of Digital India!
0 0 Dear Mrs. Irani, i would like to propose a Innovation fund to be part of the INR 10000Cr that our government has sanctioned during our budget FY15-16 for start-ups. As young engineers would need help and support in the endeavors to innovate. We could setup a eminent gate-keeper from any of our gov universities (IIT's etc) professors to sieve through the idea put forward by engineers and the same professor from the relevant area of tech can become the mentor for the budding engineers.Thank you
0 0 sir, i would like to say that please stop the reservation system in universities for employement i.e. , roaster in regularization of job from contractual post.Some of the employees will be deprived if the universities follow roaster rules.We have got the job by merit but if the university follow roaster rules the employees who have got less mark will be first regularised than we will because of caste. So i would like to hear from you and your committment towards solving this problem.
0 0 Sir, plz ensure that inventors and researches get enough financial assistance to continue their research, like they must be able to purchase research equipments and tools at special concessions and for this purpose, We can launch an Inventor's Registration, say I register for  a Special Research Card, irrespective of Educational Eligibility &  based on this card, I can avail the said concessions for conducting my research. The NIF don't finance the Highly educated & Patents are expensive. Thanks
0 0 You may provide cheap drinking water by increase the cost of narcotics.
0 0 Sir, Drinking water bottle is very costly, water is natural god gift and basic requirement of life. Please provide cheap water by government, government should develop water plants and provide the drinking water bottle in 1 or 2 Rs.
1 0 First of all, u need publicity. Promote/Advertise this everywhere like Newspapers, TV Channels, Social Medias, etc. about this. So that, every one will aware about this. After that, take surveys on different urban and rural parts of India from students & teachers of different Institutions about this. Now u will have data about interests and innovative ideas from different parts. Now shortlist those innovative ideas and contact those students & teachers to work on them by reaching u easily.
0 0 Sometime we have newspaper and research;we are not aware which news to read for research; big brother is solution
2 0 An integration of research investment from private organization and government to institutes and schools will be beneficial. More institutes must have sponsored research centers or programs from industries.
1 0 Sir,India also should broadcast a channel dedicated only to the documentaries about India's culture and history in an entertaining way. Example:-Begin Japanology on NHK World Network... Which is based on the cultural history & present of Japan.
3 0 Sir,We should encourage our farmers for "SOIL-LESS" farming tomatoes & onions in greenhouses to protect the crops from natural disasters which helps Government to manipulate sudden price hikes in vegetable market.I also appreciate the idea of utilizing the upper part of train station.similarly we could build higher greenhouses to give the productivity of 100% of land only using its 25% of land. this results giving farmer the most profit by using rest of the land for other seasonal farming.
2 0 #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan Few things that government can work on: 1. Make the study of science more practical than just theoritical approach that's being followed in school at present. Introduce good case studies that would make the students think and bring out ideas. 2. Encourage learned people to contribute to the society by means of educating children from economically weaker sections.
0 0 I request you to please highlight the achievements of ancient India starting from the Vedic period in various fields such as mathematics, astronomy, etc. in a thoroughly scientific manner.
1 0 In India first we have to think about children who could not go to school because of poverty.If rather than giving them food if we started some scholarships and funds for them for their education and other needs,it will be helpful.Reservation should be based on economical basis rather than on caste.School teachers should be properly trained so that they can make good citizens for india.Before going for any exam,one should say 'Best of your efforts or hard work"rather than saying Best of luck.
0 0 This abhiyan will serve as a leading practical based platform at the national level sponsored by union govt. Govt should also emphasize on the govt school conditions because those children aren't having the basic practical related apparatus and right guidance giving mentor so how can they invent scientific concepts? But at this time i am looking as a optimistic person b'coz no project can become perfect, every project has its drawbacks but thing which matters is that how big is the drawback !
0 0 We must promote agro based issues as per local need.Areas may be divided on the basis of type of soil,climatic conditions.Then research centres be developed to work out the problems and improve involvement of real farmers working in the fields.Pl.keep away political pressures.
0 0 I think the very  1st thing  need  to b taken into consideration is improve  the quality  gov schools /colleges  across  the country specially in rural  areas n also  the quality  of teachers n 2nd thing is that just promote  own way of learning ,understanding  the concept not just MUGGING  UP. N I thing all this activities will  lead to AVISHKAR along  with +ve competition spirit  among  the students .
1 0 SIMPLE enough, Make it mandatory for every collages and School an R'n'D Department, Lab and Classes. In this R'n'D classes, Students should have provided basic equipment and let them create an innovative thing. Students can be rewarded based on their creations and introduce to everyone if there is really good creation. it will motivate Students to involved in RnD and study as well. Departments can be categorized based on subjects, Computers, physics, Chemistry, Electronics & Mechanical etc #MHRD
0 0 SIMPLE enough, Make it mandatory for every collages and School an R'n'D Department, Lab and Classes. In this R'n'D classes, Students should have provided basic equipment and let them create an innovative thing. Students can be rewarded based on their creations and introduce to everyone if there is really good creation. it will motivate Students to involved in RnD and study as well. Departments can be categorized based on subjects, Computers, physics, Chemistry, Electronics & Mechanical etc.
0 0 I already suggested a plan of ALL INDIA INNOVATION DAY COMPETITION for motivating young engineers to present their innovative projects in front of the whole country. This can also include senior innovators as supervisors or guides to the students participating. Lets say, Mr.X (Innovator) will be guiding the students in the competition participating from engineering colleges in UP, Mr.Y will help students from MP,and so on.Live telecast the finals of the competition.It will be a great initiative.
0 0 evrybdy is giving suggestion on how to motivate youngstr for innovation, bt i m sorry to say tht no bdy is talking abt the inventors n innovators,we already hav in our country, n they r doin sumthng else for their bread n butter,i hav done many innovation n hav taken many patent,i hav showed my innovation to evrybdy from peon to priminster(not  modi ji).i hav met regarding my innovation to chiefminister,governor,ministry of science &technology,bt no one used me
0 0 We have many IITS and NITS,each year thousands of brilliant students pass out from them.As part of their curriculum they do dissertation works,many of which are done just to partially full fill the requirement for degree.How ever their efforts go in vain,if curriculum can be designed to meet the technical needs of our country like increasing electricity production,low cost infrastructure development, which is highly required for our country.  Our researchers have the potential,Yes we can do it
0 0 I am divert mind to defence field like army soldiers bullet proof protective suit  to minimize injury and increase soldiers confidence or power and safe army  soldiers
0 0 Having worked in the UK, I feel the strength that Indian education provides is a good knowledge of basic scientific principles. The weakness is the inability to implement them or have hi-end skills. We need to be able to retain our wide view of science while training people on industrial skills. Sandwich placements, industrial courses, etc. would be an avenue that we need to look into.
0 0 faizan khan_87: I don't think a ban on talent migration is a good thing. Bans of any kind are not a good idea. Innovation does not happen when chained. Incentives to stay back are what we need. A good understanding of Intellectual property and its commercialisation is another important aspect.
0 0 We need to change our education system first. We need to focus on the practicality of our knowledge or how can we implement our knowledge from the pages of book to the practical thing. Teachers should encourage students for exhibitions and should take them to various scientific seminars. Every student should be taken seriously and their problems should be considered as important as their result.
0 0 The present education system is not equipping the students to face the real challenges efficiently at work space. With Book knowledge but Without any quality the highest marks are secured by many - only to prove their inability. To make use of their knowledge, entire system of education has to be changed, each student should be trained on Sports/ Self Defence/Enterpreneurship etc according to personal capacity and interest, with the mandatory help of Psychologist in each stream before admission.
0 0 Respected Mam, To solve the issue of flood relating situation & water resources management why cant we have a nation pipe line scheme where if one state suffer from flood we can transfer excess water of such state to the state which suffering from scarcity of water this way we can solve our water problem
0 0 I can say can we have one place at least at every districts where inventors can go and showcase their invention easily without any clerck system or least paper work. So lower level person can also share their knowledge. Include business houses in this so they can get easily the developed product and person can get money. This will help country in innovation. The education system should also change like more practical than theoretical classes.
0 0 Namaste Smt.Smriti Zubin Irani Firstly, hearty congratulations to you for completing the SWACHH VIDYALAYA TARGET of constructing toilets in schools. My suggestion for Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is that we should have an ALL INDIA INNOVATION DAY COMPETITION each year for Engineering students. This will give them a stage to present their innovative projects and will surely fill them with positive energy.I would suggest 15th October, birth date of Late. Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam, for this contest.
1 1 If we want to invent a new technology in any field , then we will focus some simple points not very complex. these are : Ban on talent migration, provide all types of financial and political aid to those persons who invent or work on a new technique.
0 0 #MHRD This will be a game changer mission if it implemented successfully. My suggestion is this that it started from primary classes to ug or to pg because the forthcoming generation is very creative and devoted for the success of own and for ur country. Therefore many competition started with ppp model to use the pitential of them....
0 0 Necessity is the mother of invention. Motivate each and every individual by rewarding him some way (amount/ gift/ points/ meeting with eminent personality/ subsidy/ etc) so as to give any one innovative suggestion/ innovative idea/ innovative product/ etc
0 0 Sir I am post graduate from the computer sciences but I have a no job opportunities. I have an idea's to education system changing related I tried to you communicate but no information collecting with me for directly communicate. So I posted this post please give me one chance to share my idea with you. I hope that you can give me surely chance. I am waiting for your response... Yours faithfully.....
0 0 Im a post-graduate, of my experince. The present education system is not that much useful during the jobs. The books were not teaching us on how to tackle to the new advancements and how to be an enterpreneur. Entire system has to be changed, each student should be trained on Sports, Self Defence, Enterpreneurship etc. Only indians to higher studies, but the USA people are not even gradutes but still there are ahead of us. Look into USA education system
0 0 sir make staff selection commission combined graduate  level exam and other railway exams online. Darkening the circles take too much time. Many students are not able to perform upto their expectations. It will help in making india digitally strong.
0 0 first of all we have to improve our education system. Doing research and gaining 100% marks in exam are two different things. 100% marks can we achieved by rat-ta marring but research approach can we develop only by quality education. Quality Education- Qualified India.
0 0 We need to impart useful education to students. One way is by removing the distinction of physics, chemistry, maths and biology in primary school. Rather it should be a study of natural phenomena which involve a combination of all these subjects. For e.g. Kreb's cycle can be analyzed from the perspective of multiple subjects. For e.g. capillary action analysis with physics, chemical reactions that produce energy from sunlight, quantification of energy production with math, etc.
0 0 We need educators. We need teachers who can 'inspire' students. When books are available, we do not need the teacher to simply repeat the content of the book. Rather they should be capable of generating wonder, excitement and intense interest about the subject through insightful discussion that remains with the student long after the class is over. That is the only driving force which propels the student to pick up the book and to stay with the problem even when no solution emerges.
0 0 Cont.. People to quit tobacco I feel in this direction a team of psychologist can help a lot ..  I have seen people want to quit but they are helpless
0 0 Sir I want to share my idea related to tobacco user and growing number of cases of cancer in India due to tobacco consumption I know it's not easy for gov to ban  tobacco products but as you always highlights issue in Man ki baat , you can also appeal citizens to quit smoking and tobacco in any form as you have smartly done in the case of LPG subsidy Sir I also want to suggest that along with a warning on such products there should be some helpline numbers of professionals who can help
0 0 Sir we need to refurnish all our Indian government sector hospitals for the growth of the country. Presently the patients are rushing towards private sector where the price range is very expensive and normal salaried person cannot afford. We should renovate all government hospitals throughout India to capture all class of patients. This will be a great step towards our nation betterment with the slogan of Healthy & wealthy India..! Jai Hind! I am resident of Dubai, Rahul Mehta +971508476539
0 0 Our country should make scientists as a hero or celebrity for society and students. We should promote scientists through media and other forms. We are having 1cr eng students each one submits Project Report to college. we should collect this report at common place and after scrutiny, if we get at least 1% projects, then also we can make 1 lakh innovation every year
0 0 I hope to see India competing with global platform in research field, to be specific biotechnology needs to be the subject of most research as it has great potential in all fields.
0 0 We must search for the progress of the innovative ideas by school students, which are put forth in INSPIRE INDIA SCIENCE EXHIBITIONS, as they are really useful as well as well suitable for practical uses for Indian people.
0 0 Peace.... Find those people who have ability to Discover and give them the suitable platform for exibutation there Discoveries. "Rab Rakha"
0 0 THIS ELECTRIC GENERATOR with SMALL GAFIFIER produces Biomass Fuel can Solve The Problem of supplying Electricity to our Remote Villages. It also give employment to villagers(4 to 6 for one shift), solid biomass dispose, clean and non polluted environment. It saves heavy electric grid. It also save our Foreign Ex 4 Crude Oil Import. Dr. D.K. Adhikari ( Chief Scientist, IIP- Dehradun) the research work on Biomass Gasifier @ SSS-NIRE, Kapurthala. Reward 4 My Work
0 0 Realtime problems from industry or society may be taken & institutes may be asked to explore solutions to these problems in structured manner by forming team & submit their report / ideas/ solutions. Industries offering jobs may evaluate the efforts put in by students to solve such problems. Such exercise may or may not yield solutions but will make students face real life issues and make them sharper to tackle any challenge in life besides bringing in innovative ideas in the whole process.
1 0 Just like companies have Kaizens which are rewarded, government should also reward innovations at workplace or in farms or at homes. The government should also publicise what exactly people did and how did they innovate. Indians who are abroad and working on world class technologies should be asked to explain what they innovated, how they went about it and how it changed their lives and the lives of people around them. They can also become role models.
0 0 ... If we see the case of of cricket and arts etc today parents are much more supportive of their kids following their dreams in these fields because they can see that it is a financially viable option. For experimentation and innovation to be treated well by parents and for it to be fostered in kids, we need role models of people who invented something and became rich. Only then will it come in our culture. For that to happen, the law and application for any patent should be just and fair
0 0 ... and make profits out of them. This has not been done in India. So the kids dont want to become innovators, or rather the parents dont want their kids to do experiments, invent stuff etc, they want their kids to study to be drs and engineers and mbas and work with some mncs. This kills any innovation at childhood itself, because parents want kids to conform to what everyone is doing. For parents to want their children to actually do something new, it has to become economically attractive....
0 0 For innovation to be truly driven in India, patent application for an innovation should be made simpler. Also in case of dispute a mechanism needs to be made and properly monitored wherein patents are easily implementable and people who have innovated can economically gain from them. Its not very difficult, we need to copy the USA system entirely. A lot of self made billionaires of US have invented or coded something, they then got stuff patented and could open companies ....
0 0 start begin from small and continue day to day.
0 0 At first the present curriculum should be changed.Only learning theoretically doesn't help,how to apply it in real life matters.Students who are in secondary education should have a separate curriculum on applied science.For that teachers should be specially trained to train students how to make small electronic gadgets on their own.Science exhibition programmes should be conducted every 3 months in all govt.and pvt. schools guided by people who achieved heights in various fields of science.
0 0 sir phle apko mera namashkar  mera problem ye hai ki mai jha job karta hu wah gorment sastha hai mtnl 1504 yaha her bar tender diya jata hai bar company larko ka paisa kha ker chali jati hai aur 1;2 manth ke liy band ho jata hai ushke bad koai aur company ati hai to wah paise ki dimand karta hai mere company ka ragishtesan feece hai 5000thosand  rupees aur yaha kagorment stap yahake tender walo se milkaer pase khate hai aur kuch private supervisor mile hai wah company ka nam hai g.a digital web
0 0 what avishkar - is this  open secret . highest black money generator in the country is pvt medical education industry.if the present trend continues at same rate  this probably the key issue to defame this government.
0 0 its unfortunate  that , in one side things are discussed in this open way, on the other where it is needed most every thing is blocked  or not openly discussed at all . i have been complaining about  corruption and loss of quality and merit in medical education.  one this is going to come out as biggest vyapam. it is well known  how the  NEET is rejected by suprem court judge.  how corrupt is MCI IS.not the ministry is joined them. every body is opening a medical college.
0 0 Education shouldn't be as spoon feeding right from primary education. One should be able to recognize his inner talent,what he is good at.So that he could contribute his/her success to that field.
1 0 Doing research and gaining 100% marks in exam are two different things..if a student has thorough passion in science he/she should be guided for research rather than topping in exam by parents and teachers....now a days students are taught only to crack IIT in name of science... but this is not good as students learn only to show their intelligence on just a piece of paper which is neither productive for themselves nor for the country...so practical based knowledge should be encourageed
0 0 A way to 'ignite the minds' is to have the kids start solving problems at young age.  When I was growing up, the belief was that I needed to study first to become an engineer or scientist.  But every kid has a scientist in him/herself,  at a very young age.  In USA, I used to watch programs like Sid the Scientist when with my toddler, which explains the science concepts to kids. She knew what antibodies are when she was 3.  Also science kits for kids give them a chance to experiment and learn.
0 0 If education is not  job oriented then success ratio may be very poor . Research is must but if there is no scope of earning then it is difficult .
1 0 One chapter in each science book can contain recent developments in topics presented in all the other chapters to showcase how each phenomenon can be used to solve day to day problems. But, it is very important to decide how much details should be presented and scientific level of that information so that we are not scaring away the kids.
2 0 Problem solving thinking should be infused in the students from an early age. Students should be encouraged to take by practical projects with leads to solving real world problem, however small it may be. Practical projects can be included in the curriculum of higher classes as well.
2 0 Corporates be encouraged to adopt schools for mentoring as a part of corporate social responsibility. The number of schools adopted should be proportional to the number of engineers or skilled graduates employed by the corporate. Govt institutions should also follow the same principle. Guidelines be issued to ensure that offices facilitate such endeavours. Minimum targets be set. Every Educated citizen has to contribute such that we become a knowledgeable and innovative society.
0 0 "An idea can Change your Life" was a very popular Add. But how do we generate Ideas...Ideas can come through Knowledge which leads to Creativity...& creativity leads to Invention/Innovation.With Digital Indian Mission we should also have Ideas & Innovation camps in every schools in India on a Quaterly basis. It will give a platform for creative minds.
0 0 Latest innovative research papers are to be dicussed in the classes as they can give the clear idea about the fields where research is going on and what are the limitations these papers contain must be properly explained.
0 0 Do not concentrate only on the govt. schools also provide support to the private schools by providing subsidies or other help as their also the students need knowledge.
0 0 theory and practical knowledge should go hand in hand. generally in all the colleges focus is only on theoritical part and practical implementation of that knowledge is not given to students.if both go hand in hand,students will be able to connect it with real world and that would be more productive.
0 0 education field for college net set teacher
1 0 Young Indian brains are more innovative than others, but due to our education system and further on government job policies make it difficult to use it properly. Many shift to developed countries where MNCs paid for his/her innovative thinking and few struggles with the system during early phase of career and finally make adjustment to survive and progress in system.
0 0 Abolish this grading system let the kids to explore things from their experiences, make the young generation Knowledge seeker not a reader. Let them develop skills of leadership. Make them aware about the need to Innovate rather then giving lectures and writing books on innovation.
0 0 I wanted to share one observation on one of a weakest section of society, Vegetable vendors. "The Thelawala", who picks up his cart every day morning, pushes his cart to the local Mandi(market) and than sells the local produce, Street by Street, shouting in top of voice to attract the attention of house wives. The same "Thela" is his Bed in the night or probably as he/she sleeps anxious whether the "Thela" would be available by the morning he gets up.
0 0 Intelligent and sharp children in schools are to be recognized at an early stage. Teachers in the secondary schools are to be trained to mentor such students at an early stage so that they develop interest in Science education, research, inventions and innovations.Such students are to be fully financially supported through adequate scholarships to enable them to develop their interest in these fields. Scientists must be supported financially adequately at par with highest paid jobs.
0 0 GOOD IDEA BUT DON'T INCLUDE THE MARKS STUFF IN IT, WE NEED INNOVATION IN OUR FUTURE BLOOD
0 0 more practicality rahter than theory needs to be implemnted with proper suvervision.
0 0 I appreciate the collaboration with GOOGLE , instead of just a contest i would recommend that you form a team of Indian engineers and develop a platform form online where children would learn coding in terms of block diagrams (drag & drop) , also this team must be made to visit the schools where they can interact with the students , this will serve the initiative also create employment.  #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
0 0 Computer and mathematics is core to innovation in any stream now. From the beginning classed should be organized in batches of only seven students in a set where classes are held in an office cum laboratory cum workshop type chamber under an expert mentor who will take care of all related subjects for whole five year for the batch. Segregate assessment from mentoring. Involve expert industry in assessment and recommendations for every individual student.
0 0 Computer and mathematics is core to innovation in any stream now. From the beginning classed should be organized in batches of only seven students in a set where classes are held in an office cum laboratory cum workshop type chamber under an expert mentor who will take care of all related subjects for whole five year for the batch. Segregate assessment from mentoring. Involve expert industry in assessment and recommendations for every individual student.
0 0 All premium institution are facing the crisis of shortage of faculty/staff. If mentoring work of primary school is associated with these faculty members it will cause a lot of stress to their primary duty of teaching to college students. So first thing govt to do is fill all the existing vacancies and only those institute which has all the vacancies filled should be given the work of mentoring.
1 0 There is need to improve the syllabus, it must instill contents of fundamental technologies such as mechanical, electrical civil, like algorithms, computer graphs, robotics, design software, workshop etc. understanding scientific models by visual aid and developing applications and develop in their mind to improve or propose alternative models as well. There is need to present this content in a simplified manner only an aim to work with them.
0 0 mostly schools mein faculty sirf student ko pass hone k liye pdhati hai but unhe advance level par pdhana chahiye aur bahut se additional subjects pdhaye jate hai jinka future mein koi use nhi hai so hme main subjects par focus krna chahiye aur schools mai teaching method advance krne chahiye....
0 0 India technical and medical field m kafi aage hai but after study most of the people out of india chle jate h so hme es topic ke bare sochna chahiye ki kuch aisa kare jisse logo ko bhar na jana pade india mein rahkr india ki development k liye kam kre...isse ham kafi aage badh skte hai
0 0 We must make it compulsory for all premier institute under graduates and graduates to work in research institute of their choices on topics of their choice and present a research paper of the work done, the same procedure is being followed in top engineering institutions but its not efficient as there is major difference in resources between a dedicated research institute then to a engineering institution, also the period spent in research institution should be well paid.
0 0 I think first of all teachers should be innovative, creative & should support, motivate and understand the skills in their students. I think Gov. should start special schools in India,as like IIT & NIT at college level. Administration of these schools should be as like as IIT, NIT Etc. or of that level. The Engineers, scientist should teach/guide at these schools. According their interest different departments should be there with experts teachers.
0 0 I also recommend that in every school a interactive session between student should happen in which latest technologies around the globe should be discussed.This keeps student updated with the pace at which technologies are changing and it would be a great way of scaling them
0 0 Basically all the key concepts are thought to students in class 10 to 12 but the importance of project or innovative work is told when we study engineering so my point is to give practical knowledge at time of learning key concepts
0 0 I think government ko students ke liye study options rakhne chahiye after 5 class . study options me student ko us ke man mutabiq subject lene ki aajadi ho or sare sabjects me 2 or add kar na chahiye jaise ki programing language physics .Programing language ke jariye hamare desh ke students ko jaldi aage badhne ka mauka mile ga wo students international science fair me bhi apne banaye hua sofware ko pradarshit kar na wale chote bache ho ge duniya me or bhi desh he ji is niti ko follow kar rahe h
0 0 Expand KVPY under the Abhiyan. Encourage participation of qualifying school children (above 7th class) with the incentive of a Summer Hands-On Project in a Research Institute, especially in fields where they would be able to contribute significantly such as Computational Sciences and Bioinformatics. Add Computer Science as one of the Subjects under KVPY and the Abhiyan. This would be more realistic and rewarding, given the rise of inter-disciplinary expertise requirements in modern Sciences.
1 0 I saw so many comments of people on this topic and it is noticeable. All suggestions of people are extremely good . But we have to think that what is the conclusion of this topic. I notice one thing that i want share with you and specially our PM "modi". That every year so many students are leave this country, why? And most intellectual indian people give their knowledge and efficiency to other country, why? And example is google ceo. Every year this type of good people india lost!!!!!!!!!
3 0 Stoking curiosity amongst the minds of school kids is very important. Professors from institutions that teach professional courses like Engineering, CA, Law, Fine Arts - should mentor school teachers and even regularly take academic sessions with school students. Need not be too frequent, even once a month would be enough. The job of these mentors will be to organize and conduct practical sessions - where students get to do assignments, or build something, or simply solve real world problems.
0 0 During post-graduation studies, each student is supposed to complete a project and thesis. If government could also provide an option of completing the project credits by mentoring an institute, a school or a class for one semester, then I think it could involve individuals to work for this campaign. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
1 0 the big international universities like oxford and mit implement the projects developed by their students in real life but in our country where there are a huge numbers of well facilitated colleges like IITs and NITs have many projects developed ever year by students but a very very few of them are implemented for real life use.So i want our respected PM to encourage these institutes to implement such projects in real life so that it will encourage innovation and also add revenue to our country.
0 0 First we should understand the reasons why students are not innovative. The curricula are very complex and demanding. The future options are very limited and entry is based only on marks one gets in the school examd. Who has time to do any thinking other than regular over load of finishing the courses. Neither teachers nor students can have an 'open mind' which is essential for a creative thinking process. Forget about igniting we are dousing the few ignited ones. We have to hit the roots.
0 0 we don't want net neutrality and we don't want dependncy on telecom companies for what we see and what we don't and we don't want license for using apps it's our choice what we see and what we dont that is real net neutrality nt this by this net neutrality we will become slave of telecom companies #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv
0 0 the best way topromote this abhiyan is through 11th 12th and college.MAking project mandetory, provision of independent government labs, etc are some innitiative on the part of government.The MNCs could establish incubators welcoming innovative ideas and making it possible on ground can be one of the ways of promoting the abhiyan.
0 0 the best way topromote this abhiyan is through 11th 12th and college.MAking project mandetory, provision of independent government labs, etc are some innitiative on the part of government.The MNCs could establish incubators welcoming innovative ideas and making it possible on ground can be one of the ways of promoting the abhiyan.
0 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay any extra charge for it, we want real net neutrality 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use, and we dont want any impositon of licence for the calling feature. 5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free
0 0 The US has 12 spectacular museums -the Smithsonian- in Washington DC. If India can create such spectacular museums along Rajpath, celebrating not just science and math but also Indian science and math eg Sushruta, Charaka, Aryabhatta, Bhaskara, Ramanujan, Kerala school of math, and throw it wide opem to public, ourchildren will develop both pride and interest in these topics
0 0 If Govt can create a set of incentives for dedicated science channels such as Discovery, and also for educational startups eg no tax payment for the first 24 months, private sector creativity can be leveraged to the fullest to create excitement towards math and science
0 0 If some form of tax incentives are given to TV channels to produce science quizzes and programs on science they may start making science more available to students instead of entertainment alone
0 0 All children are supposed to do science projects in 11th and 12th grade. However, these are often theoretical and of poor quality. Launching a national projects championship with the winners getting direct admission into IITs or scholarships will galvanise the student community into action. Further, if such projects can be done in corporate labs by treating them as part of compulsory apprenticeship by companies, facilities can also be provided to students
0 0 THE CONCERNED DEPARTMENT SHOULD SINCERELY REMAIN ALERT ON EVERY NEW DISCOVERY OR INVENTION EVEN IF THAT MIGHT BE A SINGLE CLUE TO ANY ACCENT...LIKE A COMMON FACT...if there is pre birth and re birth then there were to be a fixed number of population on this earth as per the fact! But the reality is the population is ever growing? Then who is being reborn ed? who is being re birthed? Until you recognize a first clue..the inventor / discoverer can't grow!
0 0 Rasthtriya Avishkar Abhiyan From Zero To Mangalyaan Shcool Eduction. #MHRD #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan #MyGov .
0 0 If govt can organise a series of national hackathons sponsored by our IT giants, we can offer students the platform for app development, fire up their imagination and also discover talent at a very young age. Hackathon winners at various levels can be offered scholarships for higher education. Also, if computer science education can be made deliverable oriented eg every child must launch an app on playstore at the end of the year, they will get hands on exposure
0 0 not every child is given the chance 20 children out of 400
0 0 The international math olympiad is a great championship where India once used to dominate but now do not. Setting up a national math and science olympiad championship and encouraging kids across the nation to participate and also incentivise national champions with auto admission into IITs can create a massive interest in math and science
0 0 Todays world depand on technology & all communication system including defance depand on SATELLITE if we can make useless the setellite of enemy nation than we can win the war easyly. This is possible by nuclear fighter plan or chanalized beem of high voltage electricity like DTH communication. This is the not new mater we already using setellite tv.Here we need to think in a difer way. . We can use the all natoins electricity as a fastest wappon system in the world just cannalised & beem.
1 0 NASA has maintained Kennedy ans Johnson space centres as spectacular public centres that demonstrate American science and technology in beautiful ways to children. They build an interest in science and also nationalism among children. If ISRO facilities are made into something similar that will generate huge interest among children in Science.Theycan be paid for by charging normal visitors while keeping them free for kids
1 0 All schools have SUPW as a subject. If we convert SUPW into a program where children have to build something concrete and make it work eg LED based lighting system for colonies, children will truly see the impact of technology in practice,thus firing up their imagination. They will also contribute to nation building. Corporates can be encouraged to fund SUPW labs in all schools as part of their CSR
0 0 One way to do this is to allow companies to treat the hosting of industrial visits by students, projects to school students etc as csr. This will fire up the imagination of children as more and more of them visit modern factories and see technology in action. This will also keep factories on their toes in terms of cleanliness, safety etc
1 0 ELECTRICITY I have an idea to reduse the electricity cost. If we make electricity wirefree by using air than we will not expand the more money on electricity line. It is a strang idea but it is possible because we are already using it with our cellphone but in small level.We need to make it with 220 volts. Now it is on 6 volts & R F waves. Electricity will be in air like cellphone signal evryone have a meter like cellphone prepaid & postpaid. This is super wappon if we chanalize this power
1 0 Hello Team India, The main solution for inclusive talent is Reservation free from education system. A 36% marks holder, how he/she taughts a talented candidates. it's just like killing talent with out providing proper resource. I was experienced like the same, when i was 8th standard i joined on Govt school(state govt)...i met a worst faculty that, they didn't able to deliver my standard(8th class). I was too good on maths, i openly said what she was doing..and she told me leave class!!!!
0 0 In schools and colleges,teaching should not be based on reading and writing.Now time has come for us to advance with time,there must be some change in our teaching methdology.Now present study system must enforce more practical works then bookish knowledge.our education system must give and provide practical knowledge first before theoratical knowledge.Government must come forward through various technocrat ideas and their implementation.They must financially support innovative ideasof students.
0 0 In schools, teaching should not be only exam based.  Syllable should include lots of assignment work-like, finding about some patriot and make a small thesis on that (student have to do research on internet and through library). Student should be divided into different groups and each group will be awarded different assignment. Year end evaluation should be more reliable on these thesis and research work.
0 0 invention & innovation are major factors for development of a nation,actually speaking 80 to 90% of engineers in der respective college have almost negligible knowledge of their own feild so wat to speak about training scool students, the country is lacking and lagging in electronics field so v better 1st come up wid some manufacturing plants of electronic porducts and items..why to import electronic items from china korea etc etc wen millions of engineers of diz nation r sitting jobless, think?
1 0 innovation through OPEN COMPETITIONS:-Every department in Government orgaisation should organise contests for the topics they are dealing with.. the participants can be from individual, private company, students, retired persons any one. Let me give an example. India is dealing with lots of technical problem in Combat aircraft. Why not HAL, airforce organise competition in aeoronautic design for 5th generation aircart. then see the innovative ideas and actual designs coming from all way.
0 0 The ideas for invention/innovation comes generally in free mind. Free minds are possessed by kids/teenagers only. After completion of higher or even secondary education maximum no. of students just think about jobs, only which almost dump their innovative thoughts in deep black. Ideas of invention/innovation shall be fed at the earliest ages, possibly below 5 yrs. Our education system should more demonstrative toward science and technology. continue in next comment...
1 0 To support Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan, Please keep the whole of the internet open and available all the time, without any addition/separate cost and without any censoring.
0 0 we can also run vechiles by biogas in this also we firstly require petrol for few metres because this will balance the clorific value of biogas as that of CNG by this we can also save fossil fuels.
0 0 (MY REAL NAME IS "KASHISH AGARWAL")WE CAN USE A GENERATORS IN CAR FOR PRODUCING ELECTRICITY - 1- BUT FIRSTLY TO START THAT GENERATOR WE WILL USE PETROL SO THAT IT CAN START BY MECHANICAL ENERGY AND CONVERT THAT  ENERGY INTO ELECTRICITY . 2- AFTER STARTING GENERATOR WE WILL NOT REQUIRED PETROL AND ONLY BY CONTINIOUSLY PRODUCING OF ELECTRICITY WE CAN RUN OUR CAR SMOOTHLY WITH HIGH SPEED. 3-AND TO STOP THE CAR OFF THE KEY AND AGAIN TO START DO SAME PROCESS.THIS PROCESS WILL SAVE LOT OF PETROL.
0 0 Net neutrality in its truest of definition is what the internet free India would support. Don't let our cry for net neutrality in its true sense go in vain.
0 0 WE CAN USE POTATOES WHEN WE BOIL WATER IN THERMAL POWER PLANT FOR STEAM FOR PRODUCING ELECTRICITY . AND WE WILL THAN SUPPLY THIS POTATOES TO CONSUMER BY PACKING THEM IN NITROGEN FIELD BAG (WHICH WILL PROTECT POTATOES FROM GETTING ROTTEN).BECAUSE BOILED POTATOES ARE NEED OF MOSTLY HOUSES BY THIS METHOD WE CAN SAVE SO MUCH OF ENERGY LIKE-CNG, ELECTRICITY FOR INDUCTION PLATE AND MANY MORE..
0 0 A UV RAY GUN CAN BE USED TO KILL PESTS WHICH DAMAGE A LOT OF CROPS EVERY YEAR BY THIS UV GUN WHICH WILL EMIT UV RAYS WE CAN AVOID TONNES OF PESTICIDES & INSECTICIDES BY WHICH WE CAN SAVE OUR SOIL BY DEGRADING ITS QUALITY AND CAN AVOID WATER ALSO TO BE POLLUTED BY THESE  PESTICIDES & INSECTICIDES . AND WE CAN ALSO KILL TERMITES FROM WOOD TO BE DAMAGE .PLZ... THINK ABOUT THIS IT WILL HELP US TO SOLVE MANY PROBLEMS OF OUR COUNTRY....................
1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet. 3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type. 5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it! 6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet. #NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov
0 0 "Avishkar" and Entrepreneurship go hand in hand. We should have product development and incubation cell at all the engineering colleges and Science colleges. This should be funded by both alumni of the school and government.
0 0 there should be a new idea and innovation departmwnt in pmo, where any individual or a group can come with their innovational ideas ( business, technology, political anything) and govt shoupd analyse those ideas and if it is something very good then govt shoupd promote it either by their prgrae or by PPP models.
0 0 There should a national level apptitute test of interpresonnel sills and working ablity, which should also be used as an initial qualification for govt as well as private jobs.
0 0 There should ne national level apptitute test of interpresonnel sills and ablity which can also be used as a initial qualification for govt as well as private jobs.
0 0 Education is a place to learn whether it can be a subject or sports, currently they have place in schools but its a humble request to introduce SANGEET (sa re ga ma paa) option for kids/youths in Education.
0 0 To be inventive, our teachers and students need to read published patents. This is ONE single low hanging fruit, which is ironically eluding the thoughts of our educationists of India. By reading patents, the students and teachers shall come to an amusing realization that avishkar or day to day innovation is something which is NOT a rocket science - anyone with interest in solving mundane problems around can be an avishkarak. I have oriented few students to read patents- it is thrilling!
0 0 Integration of universities, institutes for R & D resources (Students) and industry is still missing. This kind of IP )Intellectual property) thus developed can be made available to industry at very low cost so that they can benefit and are at the same level playing field as their counterpart in other countries like China/US etc. India lacks in innovation not due to talent but due to lack of finances required for R & D. One year (out of 4) of studies should be devoted in such activities.
0 0 aviskar or invention mostly comes from two sector engineering and core science.At present both of these sectors ARE at its bottom.. indian engineers no matter which stream they belong have become IT coolies.there are more engineers than required in India,and as supply is more than demand quality degrades.Indian harbours large number of unemployed engineers, GOVT CAN USE THESE BEROJGAR ENGG INTO R&D ,THEY WILL WRK EVN FOR MINM WAGE.AND CAN BOOST INNOVATION HERE
0 0 Its so bad to know real technological education in maharashtra specially in vidharbha..HEAR NEAR ABOUT ALL ENGGINEERING COLLEGES ARE OF POLITICAL LEADERS ,who giving us only Degree which is useless.we splash out money hear as we hoping for they giving us job but they dont,they only giving us one degree,you are incresing unemployment hear,on the lie of MIHAN prakalp in nagpur,its realy so painfull for all engineering student in vidharbha who comes from middle class family,plz do smthing sir, :(
0 0 Mandatory Scholarships Program for all BPL class people cutting across all casts and religion: I would like to urge through this post requesting Govt. of India to consider mandatory scholarships for all till 10th Class. This will create interest in all poor people and all will be able to take at least education till 10th level. The amount and other conditions can be worked out by Govt. but definitely this will be a great help for poor people of our country.
0 0 Every student must be appeared for a Aptitude test to recognise their skill,talent and taste.
0 0 standard of education in India should be  increased as over the years we have noticed that foreign based Indian students create wonderful things while in India they can't this is because of education in foreign countries and moreover in India students are not supported to think out of the box and even if they are supported then dont have a platform to present their idea
0 0 many of India's great IIT's and engineers are at high positions in foreign based companies like sundar pichai is the ceo of google this is because there is lack of Indian multinational companies with which they can work the touth of India also have great ideas but do not have any platforms to present them
0 0 Sir, though digital communication is catching on, consistent signal, speed of reception is questionable in several far flung areas. It will be better, at least for the present to use Door darshan with a dedicated satellite and slot for science education. Gyaan darshan channel leaves a lot to be desired. Better programming, efficient use of time and resources, improved presentations, greater involvement of participating institutions will help in improving the scientific temper.
0 0 Why dont our government takes serious measures to create worldclass defence technology in our own country that can be compared to russia or US equipments rather than trying to import technilogy govt should double its efforts to creat technologys that is capable  of defending our nation from any foreign agression of big countries without any dependency on foreign power
0 0 It is the belief of people that The word research are generally connected with scientifica and industrial or educational research. India has made better progress in all such fields, but, we should think and do some thing more in research, like, Financial research, economic research, administrative research for development,social research of race, religion, harmony in India,research in law is very important concept,agricultural,industrial and education reserch etc. all types of reseach encourage
0 0 encourage every new innovations by providing them better facilities and environment to emprovise themselves.try to search in every nook and corner of nation.
1 0 Green Computing for Designing energy efficient machine learning hardware and software
0 0 This a automatic water gardening system .
1 0 We import heavily for defense equipment, Ask Army, air force, navy police for their requirement, engage IITs and us solve their problem. We can do it but you need to ask and provide a platform where we can showcase our product. select the product on its merit, without any prejudice, tell others, what is their shortcoming to improve. Give time frame to save money and time. No corruption and red tape. You will get what you want without any delay.
1 0 Make a Platform online to share new Avishkar,if product is good, get feedback from every user, provide help for mass production. Help to shine Make in India. Right now, there is no platform where the people can share their developed product and financial support. Need is the requirement for creation. Govt. should give their requirement, people will develop solution, Select the best product or solution and provide funding for it. Everyone is happy. All problem Solved.
1 0 THIS THE BEST ABHIYAN BUT EVERY AVISHKAR IS RESULT OF RESEARCH . WHICH IS THE PROCESS OF COLLECTING CLASSIFYING EXPERIMENTING ANALYZING THE DATA. THE STUDENT WHO TAKE RESEARCH AS CARRIER FINDS THAT AFTER GIVING PRECIOUS YEARS OF THE LIFE ON RESEARCH THEY DO NOT HAVE CHOICE EVEN TO HAVE BREAD BUTTER BECAME LUXURY FOR THEM. OUR OF DATED EQUIPMENT IN RESEARCH LABS MAKE THEM SICK OF THE SYSTEM.THE IMPROPER ALLOCATION OF THE FUND GIVEN BY THE CENTRAL GOVT IS ADDING FUEL INTO FIRE.
0 0 The avearage depth of the water in the kole land is 10 feet and it spreads through several kilometer north south of the whole Thrissur district
0 0 This water can be saved and used  after purification.  If 2 regulators are provided one at Chettuva and the other at Vallikunnu the canal water can be saved from mixing with sea water. Urgent steps needed to save this water at central level
0 0 In Thrissur district Kerala a vast area is under water known as Kole lands.  The rain water and water from 2 rivers are collected here There is a canal (Canoli canal)on the west and a stretch of land separating this kole land and and the Arabian sea.  For cultivation in the kole lands the water is pumped out to Canoli canal - even today- with belt driven motors and antique model Petti and para.  Thus loosing 80 % of the electrical energy. 4000 pump sets, operators etc.are engaged to pump this wa
0 0 When the doors and windows are kept open and the train is moving fast ---The air locked inside the compartment especially the last 1/4 th of the boggie will act as a powerful brake (Parachute breaking effect) leading terrific loss of energy.  The height and external shape of the compartments and a low floor desigh  as is seen in fast moving trains will help a lot to reduce air resistance
0 0 There is a lot of energy waste when a train moves fast   The most important is the flat air resisting front of Engine. If the air is diverted up and passed through a tube the wind power can be used to proper several wind mills fixed horizontally on the roof top of all bogies.
0 0 Also the student should not worry about their vocational training and entrepreneurship.
0 0 As per my point of view, though the study and technique of NITs/ IITs are good enough. But it is not useful in co-operate world. the syllabus of college and the way of deployment of practical life is totally different. The student in IITs/NITs are best minds of India but they are not getting that much resource during their college time. So if there would be tie up of NITs/ IITs with Industries then it will damn sure result more innovative India.
1 0 Work on giving more practical knowledge to children rather than only theoretical knowledge, make it 70% practical 30% theoretical if and only if you want India to grow on Research and Development Department and please o please remove this quota system cause more Indians are moving out of country because of this and only this.
0 0 It is very simple.  Children are bubbling with curiosity.  (1) Provide enough teachers in all government schools.  (2) Encourage a culture of asking questions and discussion, instead of rote memorization.  (3) Provide access to materials children can use (books, learning tools, internet).
0 0 We as individual can contribute if in this my gov app itself we could form a group based on locality n professionals of all fields joining together to share their personal experience n knowledge,we could cover wide no. Of Govt schools at short period of time. I already have my friends volunteering for the cause. Only we need is permission n guidance.
0 0 hey guys r we sure tht our ideas n suggestion goinna b used or ths is just a program of govt of india, bt guys this is modi, who doesnt just issue a new scheme, like manerega, wch gives the loss to country
0 0 i believe nothng is impossible,once europe was doin evry thng from growth to invention , then it shifted to america, then china, its all depend on the money, it means whn ur stomach is filled then only u can continue doin inevntn,in indian society , u need to hav stuff to show the society , n i wuld like to suggest u tht invention  cant b compared with ur success,the way mahatma gandhi dint get any thing materialistc,bt he is immoratl, samer way youngstr should b taught in that way, modi ji  sho
0 0 Government schools in Assam must be given most priority because they are full of talented students but mostly ignored by the Assam government. I am a teacher of Physics and want to help them.
2 0 sir for the development of the whole country some changes should be done 1 Reservation on the bases of CAST should be banned, which will give chances to all people equally 2 Education System should be improved, if any student fail in any class they are passed to  next class 3 More work done on the skill development of the student not on percentage
4 0 CONTINUE..... 3-........BECAUSE IT IS NOT NECESSARY THAT HIGHER %AGE IS MORE BRILLIANT THAN LOWER %AGE. 4-EVERY MONTH THERE SHOULD BE A COMPETITION ON ALL INDIA LEVEL WITHOUT ANY EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION ON AGE BASIS BECAUSE SOME TIMES A UNEDUCATED PERSON COULD INVENT MORE EFFECTIVE INVENTION THAN EDUCATED PERSON.
1 0 AGAR SACH ME DESH KO INVENTORS KI JARURAT HAI TO KANOON BANANE WALO KO BHI KUCH KANOON ME SANSODHAN KARNA PADEGA- 1-MOST IMPORTANT RESERVATION SHOULD BE FULLY BANNED ON CAST BASIS BECAUSE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT STUDENTS DON'T GET BENEFITS OF GOVT. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR THEIR RESEARCH AND HIGHER STUDIES. 2-PRESSURE OF GETTING HIGHER %AGE SHOULD BE STOPPED BECAUSE DUE TO THIS STUDENT START MEMORISING CONTENT RATHER THAN UNDERSTANDING IT. 3-JUDGING OF BRILLIANCY ON %AGE SHOULD BE STOPPED......
1 0 Form an elite Group of Nationwide Renowned Scientists(GNRS) on voluntary basis to launch set of campaigns which focuses on 1.Sharing personal experience to motivate students especially children by visiting educational institutions 2.Technical support for new innovations.Constitute a National Innovation Fund (NIF) only meant to serve the educational institutions for basic R&D and establish National Competition in Innovation(NCI)for students to promote competitive learning.
2 0 Honourable P.M. & Dear All, As I understand, before all discussion ,let us be first ideal citizen and be proud on Nation. On this context My wife has expressed her views by writing poem as under:YE PYAR KA PAIGAM HAI , MANOGE TO SABKI BHALAI HAI , DUR HATO YE DUSHMAN , HUM TUMSE BHARI HAIN! YE PYAR KA PAIGAM HAI. YE PUNCH HAMARA HAI, YE KARGIL HAMARA HAI , SAMAJ JA RE GADDARO ISME TERI BHALAI HAI! YE PYAR KA NAGMA HAI! NA AMERICA KAM AYEGA  , NA CHIN KAM AAYEGA,
1 0 To invent, we need science awareness and strong school science foundations which are deep and not confined to bookish knowledge. One suggestion is to leverage the spread of smartphones to make available science learning apps. We have created a free app for learning electromagnetism concepts for 9,10 grade students. Details at http://www.mazalearn.com
0 1 Catch them young should be the motto. Catch them from kindergarden and make wonderful scientists like Dr Kalam
1 0 Please provide low cost ARM development boards like Raspberry Pis to institutes to encourage the next level of technological growth. The current low cost IT service sector is not sustainable for the Indian economy in the long run. Also, these low cost boards could be combined with Make in India to reduce their cost further and help the global educational sector.
0 0 unless and until quality education penetrates deep into the rural India, true revolution in innovation will be a far fetched dream. In order to explore raw rural talent, the students that manage to score even lower percentages must be allowed to appear in competitive examinations. taking into consideration of their hardship in lifestyle you cannot compare a student of DPS or any other public school with that of a rural, flood affected, drought affected and poverty stricken India.
0 0 Before launching any qualitative programme in school and higher edu,all leaders,such as Head master, Principal,Director all Posts will be recruited by Govt. through aptitude/attitude test,only merit selection,another every scheme will be fail;; because aided and unaided edu system creates modern slavery.. in society,all Headmasters/pricipals are can not creat proper surrounding for qualitative edu.. because they are very under pressure,And Avishkar ( Creativity ) can't born in sad surrounding
0 0 How to ignite Human Minds is not a simple question to answer with a yes or No word answer.The Mind is a neurological web of several nerves and the two parts of the brain (Left & Right) deal with separate cognitive, affective and psycho-motor activities. Educationists should logically develop brain teasers through Tasks and Projects capable of challenging both halves of the brain: Science puzzles,Sudoku,Lumosity.com memory tasks, Debates,dances/songs, drawings/paintings help.VS
0 0 There is nothing wrong with Vedic mathematics and use of traditional methods of asking questions to guru and getting answers for repetition. Repeating develops memory; recitation develops euphony; speaking self-confidence; debating sharpens the skills of relevance in argument. Hence our Schools and College Curriculum needs real revamping with Students-input tempered by Masters Pedagogic outputs. Computers should be carefully integrated in to the System of pursuit for Knowledge and Applications.
1 1 mera anurodh hai ki batiya bachchao batiya padao ke antergat.garibon.ko gradution tak fees mafe honi chahiye.quinky.log batiya ko padane mei.kharch karne ke badlye shadi mei kharch karna jayada jaroori samjhate hai .girls 10th or 12th pass bhi ker jati  hai parantu usko aage admition kelyia paissa nahi hota hai.padai chute jati hai aur kum age mai hi kaam karne or shaddi kaliye mujboor ho jati hai.jo  girls avrage padai mai rahte   uske lyia maa baap ko  padai mai kharch karna muskil ho jata  hai.some states mai graudation tak padai free hai parantu some states jo develop bhi hai per collage graduation tak fees free nahi hai.some states 10th or12th pass karne ke baad cycle diya hai. parantu collage mai admition   kalyie paisse hi maa baap ke pass nahi rahenge to larkiyan cycle se jayagi kahan .aurpadai bina computer barbad  hi hai.dahari kaam karne wale ho or ghar ghar kaam karne bale ho unekelyia kuch bishesh karne ki jaroorat hai.
1 0 First things first. We should not force textbook knowledge on every one. Syllabus should be minimal for any class. If a student spend all his time learning what has been invented, when will he invent something new. Maximum he may improve the existing inventions but he cannot invent anything new. Student should not get a feel that there is nothing to invent, everything is invented already. More stress has to be given on innovation scope rather than invented scope. Again don't force bookish kn
0 0 I would like to add that the entire world judge the ability of a person through his IQ provided by Mensa org. But unfortunately in India only a few cities have the facilities to conduct the exam, namely Mumbai and Pune. I suggest that the government allows the Mensa to conduct the exam once per year in all cities of India so that the real potential of the nation are discovered. It can be argued that there are many IITs and other organizations but the fact is brilliance and IQ are different.
0 0 Government should invest more into generation of power by thorium fuels. Presence of Thorium rich monazite sand in Kerala and Odisha should be put to maximum usage, to provide clean fuel. Foe this first we need to develop the technology and know-how.
1 0 One of the child of government officer should be made mandatory to study in government school so that the condition of the government school will improve. If the child of IAS study in a government school the officer than he will take care of the school for his child's future which in turn increases the level of education of government school.
1 0 1) There are many Eng. collages in India. Students of final semester have to do 6 months of project or  internship. Currently they look for those projects only in urban part with some companies. Instead institute should plan visit to near by villages. Let their students note the issues about villagers and develop a solution project for them. Live projects can be granted by enterprises or gvot. 2) More ITI or Delopma schools should be open in ruler areas which offers vocational courses.
0 0 Instead of promoting Tatas, Ambanis & other big industries, govt should promote, motivate & felicitate individuals and S.S.Industries. If we search solar gadget, out of 100 not even single site is found from India. Even Govt. website are not providing how to use solar energy for house holds, no technical knowledge. You have to undergo training under colleges. if govt is serious in this sector, provide grass root level support from pin point instead of promoting colleges, universities.
0 1 THERE IS SO MUCH PROBLEM ARISING WHEN WE GOTO SOME CITIES SO THERE SHOULD BE AN UNIQUE COLOUR CODE FOR EACH AND EVERY HOUSES LIKE FOR DOMESTIC HOUSE'S SEPARATE COLOUR COMMERCIAL HOUSES DIFFERENT AND FOR GOVT HOUSES DIFFERENT COLOUR CODE.
0 0 DEAR GOVT. PLEASE TRY TO LINK EACH AND EVERY PERSONS EDUCATIONAL CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR ADHAR CARD SO THERE WILL BE NO PROBLEM DURING SOME ONE IS GOING TO APPLY FOR SOME JOBS OR ANY KINDS OF JOB THERE IS SO MUCH PROBLEMS ARISING DURING THE PROSES IF WE CAN LINK EACH AND EVERY CERTIFICATE I.E HIGH SCHOOL CERTIFICATE,+2 CERTIFICATE AND OTHER DEGREE CERTIFICATE WITH ADHAR CARD THEN ALL DOCUMENT CAN MERGED AND EMPLOYER NEEDS ONLY TO VERIFY THE ADHAR CARD U-ID AND IT SHOULD BE  PUBLIC.
0 0 Try to involve school students in national science society by giving small science projects to each and every school and try to complete it with the help of teachers and students and with the help of expert.
0 0 test ds
0 0 Encourage college students and faculty to conduct workshops in schools and organise technical events in which school students get opportunity to participate and learn through innovations and scientific ideas.
0 0 india and international level innovation competition should be done. winners with full business design and implementation ways should be provided with financial package,this would set up series of entrepreneurs in india,this will stop outflow of talent outside of our country.
0 0 Further there has to be enriched jobs for tapping the potential of skilled India mission otherwise nothing will be achieved except higher cost of labor, so Sir, I suggest that investment from industry should take lead from school itself. Then only India can become technology leader and not follower.
0 0 Congratulations for envisaging this mission, but Sir, I think higher educational institutions of our country are not in themselves very successful in research and innovation; until both public and private industry do not closely work with universities in research to identify our problems and have our own solution, their viability in holistic manner in implementation and constant improvement on ground will remain doubtful.
0 0 my God gifted talent of creativity and convert any small idea to convert into a business has taught me many things tht, wht n all hurdles comes in way, so now i m so  much dedicated to start a "school of innovation and entrepreneurship". n this school will help any ordinary guy to choose any small idea, evn making of pickle can make them to become millionaire. if they hav dedication n passion to achieve, n how to face the hurdles wch come their way, like minimum loan without ny collateral.
1 0 dear PM the only concern of todays youth is employment . as we all know software companies are doing grt business in india. but the unavailability of adequate resouces many of u employed engineers are left blurred
0 0 #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv Please view attached my concise recommendations.
0 0 Few points i would like to share are as below, 1) Mentoring institutions should also focus on developing the existing study material thro' interactive sessions so that children find study friendly. 2) Interests of students must be taken into account. 3) The same abhiyan should also be extended to other fields such as Arts, Commerce, Vocational Skills.
1 0 Doing innovation or invention is one thing n making prototype is another n making tht product in such way wch could make pple to  buy,it is very long n tough process for a young guy,so pple started saying dont do many innovation make one ,n open factory n sell it in to market..evn though my spirit is to invent things.bt society made me to think of money first thn innovation.so i think we should think of ths also,thts how to motivate young mind to concentrate on their passion for inventing things
0 0 i remebr whn evr my picture n article used  to come in newspaper  or televsion interview, my parnts used to b very happy , bt very next day they used to say,first become doctor or engineer then u do innovation
0 0 i hav always been stopd n scolded by my parents,for the time i was spending n the money i was asking , may be it was Rs 60 to  buy a D.C 12 volt motor.  wht the hell i m doing, runing here there,asking money or wasting time for innovation, they used to say this will nt make u to reach any where,study well get good marks n get in to IIT or mediCal
0 0 many countries feel proud tht they hav submitted ths many patents in ths particyular year,i m sure india will b having more innovation bt we dont hav easy system to file a patent
0 0 an innovation cant b judge as it is big or small. innovation is innovation, so there should be reward for evry one who has evn with small innovation
0 0 usually young innovators find problem in developing prototype,it may b financial or technical, so there should b a organisation wch could select n help to get a prototype,it wll play very important role to get many youngster to get new new innovation
1 0 as possible. It is good to involve the software in this process. The concept of mentoring institutions is also very good. As the mentoring institutions excel in this regard they could be of real help. Institutions like  IITs, NITs, Central Institutions, IISERs and Central State Universities and Colleges which already have expertise in the fields related will not only act smart but also be able to handle the projects well. Apart from that there should be marking pattern as to how successful
1 0 great saying by the great "Swami Vivekananda"that 'NOTHING CAN EVOLVE WHICH HAS NOT ALREADY EVOLVED'.If the child is made to believe that he could do this, then it could make sense of his involvement. Believing is the first step in the event to happen according to the rule of probability. Seeing is believing, we should first make him look at some important inventions and discoveries which took place in India. In the 1st phase that is the 1st 3 years he should be provided with as many exhibitions
1 0 A road map should be laid down first of all to instill interest in the child for which the services of psychologists should also be taken to chalk out a program which best suits the child of a certain age group. Accordingly plan of action should be determined. The first 3 years of the abhiyan should also aim at exhibition of the indigenous discoveries whose patent is with India. This would not only let the child thinking that if its already happened then it could happen again. 'Based on the
1 0 only affects our offspring's but also future generation.It is very nice to hear that the govt. is participating with Google and Intel in this regard as they have a very open and broad minded system of education, we should learn from them in the areas we are lagging behind. We should rather rub shoulders in the arena of new discoveries if any. There should be school level competitions which should be organised at many levels and should also involve prizes and reward which would arouse interest.
1 0 of our country which has earned an international repute? I don't think so. The developed nations have such an interesting and inquisitive method of education that imbibes in the child at a very tender age of inventing. We need to think as to why were there so many discoveries in the ancient India and why are there none in the present.Why the modern age is inclined towards the west -if anything happens, happens in the west. The decision makers have to be very sensitive regarding this as it not
1 0 interesting way and means to curb the filth. If the air is healthy then the child will also breathe well. If he breathes well then he will think well. We have to think seriously as to what has made the developed countries- developed. It is science and technology and infinite discoveries which has made them what they are. Every alternate day we see that a new version of mobile phone is launched. They are earning revenue by new discoveries. Where are we? Can anyone name any cell phone manufacturer
1 0 the child to innovate. If the political and social environment id dirty and filthy and loot is going on everywhere then the child will also not think to innovate something new rather he would also be caught up with the ways his predecessors have adopted. Before making any changes to the education system, shouldn't the social and political environment be cleansed. We should first try to bring an institution which not only cleans whole rotten material and also aim at establishing a new and
1 0 bring some structural and substantial changes in the system. They were busy saving their tightly formed govt. If there is no recognition and reward then why the young one's will bother to think about country and new invention. Empty stomach doesn't suggest ideas. The previous govt.'s were busy on inventions of looting the exchequer so how could they focus on any important innovations in the field of education. The curriculum should be designed as such which instills interest and confidence in
1 0 'All work and no play makes Tom a dull boy'. We all are familiar with this saying. This not only sparks our mind and forces us to think twice over the gloomy educational scenario in our country. I read somewhere that there hasn't been any invention in our country for the past 80 years or so. Why so? This is so because there is no reward and the prevalent unemployment in our country due to uncertainty. The coalition era in politics prevented the Decision makers to think about education and
0 0 In my opinion the best way to motivate the youngster is to tell them the logic behind the things what they see in our household e.g.Refrigerator,TV e.t.c If we can tell the science fundamental behind these objects along with that How these things evolved with time to reach to the current state. e.g Journey of physics involved in the evolution of TV. It will definitely add the overall understanding and make the young mind curious about science. I am currently volunteerly working in this.
0 0 Students of government funded institutes must be made to sign a bond promising to pay Rs.10 crore to the institute if they settle abroad as countries like the US, Australia and Germany and many more get undue advantage of talented youth in our country.
0 0 innovative ideas will come to any child irrespective of their group taken in class 11.if the selection process must be open to all.otherwise only teachers pet will be in the abhiyan.students who take less than 90 percentage of marks are not given science group in class 11 though they are interested in science and technology.so bring in those whoever is interested in the technology and make sure that the training is not just another subject but give them the way for their future.
0 0 Learning the appropriate use of technology in todays life is becoming a challenge. The innovation of more and more gadgets has to be followed by proper applications.Keeping in mind that necessity is the mother of invention I find that learners has to be guided to know the necessity of learning not in a mechanical pattern but out of curiosity. We need to ignite curiosity in their minds for proper learning from their early stage of learning.
0 0 Dear sir, I am extremely concerned over the lack of enthusiasm in the young girls for science courses We cannot be leaders in technology, unless there are more women in the labs. For the success of Skill India too we need girls with at least a basic understanding of science. In my experience women who have studied science take better care of their health and that of their family. Sir, I request you to launch a WOMEN FOR SCIENCE initiative via encouragement by role-models, scholarships etc.
0 0 i would love to see japan's technology against flood in India...n olso PM making promise to bring it in India to solve this major problem in India..on 15th August 2015 ..plz plz
0 0 I've been watching informative channel since a long time to get a good knowledge. These channels described about the energy conservative methods carried out by different countries to save non-renewable energy by using renewable sources. I feel we should think beyond solar and wind energy and get a step ahead. In a particular country, scientist there have invented a block/tile, a simple floor tile but with a technological touch. They have designed the tile in such a way that when anybody walks on
0 0 This is an interesting endeavour where people shall get to share their talents with the government . I have been designing space shuttles since i was in class four and since then i  have several of my space shuttle designs with me along with a design of a night rover . I hope i shall be able to share some of these designs of mine in case they contain any  topic of interest. I am a first year physics student and i believe that if i try i shall be able to contribute something to my country .
2 0 i hav ideas for many invention , evn with prototype, bt cant sell, bcoz tht need to b patented, n  to file a patent  i need to pay rs,1500 for each, n since my child hood i hav got many innovation  n i hav filed many innovation in patent office by using my evry moth expenditure wht my father used to send , n whole month i used to b hungry, eating pprasadam in temples,so i think there should b some easier way to file ur patent , atleast wch  cud claim tht ths person has submit ths idea first
0 0 in  my early age i hav met with my governor, chiefminister,science n technology minister evn ex , pm , bt seriously now i cry tht no one undrstud my talent, now i hav trust on modi ji, tht atleast he will make any one to meet me n judge me , whtr i m really talented or i m just barking
0 0 he we are trying to find people who could get in to innovation , bt me who has done many innovation , evn tried evry where so tht they cud understnd tht i m a talentd guy, bt nothing happnd, now i hav a hope on modi ji, i m sure my innovation will make india proud, n it will create huge market
0 0 modi ji you r promoting  aaviskar in india, but wht about poor guys like me who has done many invention n innovation taken patent too , but just in lack of money i cud nt proceed my work, modi ji give me chance to show my talent to u , i m sure u will b amazed
0 0 for few innovation i hav nt taken patent, so i cant name here
0 0 in my last coment , it was not can , it was cant ... i cant write n tell  evry thing here in ths small space
0 0 sir trust on me, i can tell n write evry thing here, bt believe they way u r GOD gifted in ur field, try me out once, evn i m GOD gifted in innovation, i hav ideas wch is nt there in whole world.
0 0 i  m a guy who has invented many things,people call me  as ideas man, i have many innovation n invention, bt i could nt reach to my goal, evn i wrote letter to pmo office whn manmohan signh was pm , my letter was redirected to ministry of science and technology, any how i rched there bt they dint guide me or cudnt give me right platform,now i hav only request from  modi ji ,is  plz get me a  chance to show my talent of inovaton , i m sure my ideas will make our cuntry proud,sir i m an ideas man
0 0 Country welcomes such initiatives like rashtriya avishkar abhiyan but the need of the hour is to promote practical knowledge among students which is missing from our education system. Only for name sake we are given practical knowledge at schools and colleges. matter should be looked into
0 0 This ia good initiative. I suggest it should be open for all no restrictions on age and all. We should encourage a new thought which can benefit the society and the nation.
0 0 Rashtriya Avashkar Abhiyan bahut achha program start kiya gya hai...Es Abhiyan ki help se ham bachcho k andar Nayi Shiksha Ko protsahit karenge..Bacho k andar Science aur Mathematics subject ko develop kerna hai. Aj China, France jaise country q age h qki waha k bachcho me School education se hi Creativity Btaya jata h..Bacho ko iske sath Scholarship ki bhi suvidha deni chahiye....
2 0 I am interested in starting an Institute for Creative intelligence (ICL). The ICL can make detailed studies on the innovation needs and potentials of any creative idea submitted by any individuals or from any companies. Such studies are made in close contact with the technical expert available with the IICL. The following steps can be under taken New / Novel useful Creative Idea Generation – Idea screening and brainstorming *	Needs and or requirements of product idea *	New Product Developm
0 0 Sir, its very encouraging initiative to get the involvement of premier institutes like IITs NITs etc.. And at the same time if would be very good if we can add a module to "  teachers ignite teachers" ..I.e., the best teachers of that area/region are motivated first by the best teachers of that state and simililarly best teachers of the state by the best of intrastate in each subject wise"    a kind of virtual platform to inspire and interact  the teachers school leveln assign responsibity
0 0 Sir, interest in the sciences has to be tagged to employability. The teaching of pure sciences in India is abysmal. The claim of having Nobel physicists rings hollow, when these great men had to seek help from foreign labs for their work. Sir CV Raman spent considerable time in Madras & Calcutta, but almost all the other scientists took to working in foreign labs. We need to strive for consistent excellence for which there are no short cuts, at least a few centres should be based only on merit.
0 0 Sir, in 1980"s in DD-TV, there used to be analytical science programs with practical demonstration conducted by senior scientists, weekly in the slot for children's programs. This was quite informative & with the reach of DD, had good access to viewership. A particular scientist that comes to mind was Prof.Partha Ghosh whose physics & chemistry experiments were quite stimulating & spurred an interest in the sciences. Why can't such programs be restarted with interactive screens - call-in shows.
0 0 Sir, all government / corporation run schools should be tagged to a higher center teaching science & technology, even arts & science colleges with research facilities. For this all colleges have to be graded with uniform eligibility criteria and planned syllabi. Starred colleges can aid local school children with science experiments and preparing projects & participating in science exhibitions & science talent tests.
0 0 first make sure the implementation of ICT@school program throughout the country, then we could think of Rashtriya Aviskar Yojna. Until our students n teachers in rural areas are not technically sound, how could we integrate science, math with technology. RAY should be named after Dr.Kalam and its rural reach out strategies must be defined.
0 0 presently IISER are really doing good in generating interest among the student but its is limited to metros student from rural India do not participate much in research partly due to lack of awareness and partly due to inadequate guidance on the contrary ICAR could achieve high participation of rural youth because of its policies truly speaking IISER are becoming page 3 research institute highly qualified faculties with metropolitan students rural chapters of IISER should be opened
0 0 ACCORDING TO ME NOT ONLY THE IIT QUALIFIED PEOPLES CAN BE SCIENTIST ALL INDIANS HAVE ABILITY TO DO SOMETHING NEW AND THAT IS CALLED AVISHKAR FEW PROCEED IT WITH CAREER AND FEW WITH HOBBY SOMEONE LEFT BECAUSE OF MONEY AND SOMEONE BECAUSE OF FAMILY BUT WE CAN DO RESEARCH WITH DOING ANY JOB, AND SELL IT AS A PROJECT WITH GOOD BATTING,
0 0 Sir, to promote the innovative mindset in our children, we should make it mandatory to have Robotics after 6th standard in all schools as a central policy. This will attract young minds towards mechanics as well as electronics. Also we should hold world robotics competition.
0 0 Sir, abhiyaan and state govt. education system have to parallel work . Like school grade of state govt. decide by central govt. if the auditor and authority both one person than the corruption system confident that no one can disturb them .in any govt. system if audit rights to many people than the corrupt person have less confident.
0 0 Sir,  as per my opinion exams conducts by govt at different standards  by centre govt. and the district topper or tahsil topper get extra marks or point or priority at the time of engineering or diploma admission .only trophy or cash prise have one time value but this type of admission benefit will give continues interest to students. If any student come more than five time topper than his engineering admission is confirm .this type reservation for admission is required .
1 0 I am  against  Cce pattern  in the  field  of  education, as it is  making  the  students  hopeless, and  I  want  that actions should  be  taken  quickly , so that new pattern can be introduced  from next  session.
0 0 Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is a good opportunity for the student & our country also.If students will grow their knowledge in technical line,then it will help to develop our countrymen. 1.For this good teachers & students must be needed.Without a good teacher,build some good student is quite impossible.So,Must hired those teachers in the schools who have a good technical knowledge and student friendly.Only then students will encourage for something new. 2.Provide moral classes for the students.
0 0 I think Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is a good concept.Now-a-days our educational system become too casual.No matter pass-fail in exam upto class 1 to 9.So students also become casual about their education. 1.So,previous system should be come again.Without getting the passing marks no one can go to the next class. 2.Some interesting subject must be included like work education,PT,technical class etc which increasing the creativity of the students. 3.Provide technically good & friendly teachers.
0 0 In continuation to my earlier suggestion I would like to submit that for success of this Abhiyan, the concerned officers of the GOI shall not act the way the concerned are acting in case of redressing grievances of general public through pgportal.gov.in. The example which establishes the sincerity in redressing grievances of general public is available in the file attached here with.
0 0 We should improve Education quality in Govt. School. There is not good education for Govt.School. In Villages there is many talents are there but due to lack of good teacher, they can not do any thing. (1)We need to improve teacher quality with giving grade to teacher(for there salary) based on the result of inter school students competition with Govt. school or Pvt. School. (2)There should be at least one technical teacher to each schol, who will teach basic of technology to students.
0 0 Government can use their IIT/NIT Research Scholar/BTech students to motivate school children in field of research. They can do a presentation on a projector and motivates them in science projects. Funded summer and winter program in IIT/NIT/Central Universities for school children.
0 0 Sir , First of all thanks to share so much idea of people via mygav Sir I'm also belong to Bsc physics so i want to share some my idea According to APJ kalam "the innovationtake place from prmiary standard so first of all we need to change the educational system . I also coming from this system and i feel that if we no more force on what we give the knowledge to students but teach the student teachnic by which he / she can get any knowledge nd can remember what he read
0 0 INDIAN STUDENT KE PAS TALENT KI KAMI NAHI H .RASHTRIYA AVISHKAR ABHIYAN BRELLIENT STUDENT KA MARG AASAN KAREGI LEKIN EK PROBLEM JO STUDENT KO SAMNA KARNA PARTA H WO H PROPER EXAM KA CONDUCT NA HONA .PLEASE AAP SE REQUEST H KI JAISA EXAM SUPREME COURT KE AADESH PAR AIPMT KA HUA H USI PRAKAR AUR EXAM KARANE KA PRAYAS KIYA JAYE
0 0 sir,platform at school is good start,we can develop curiosity interest and love for science ,biology,chemistry,technology. we need to showcase student our primitive old method for farming,construction,water harvesting,so on with present technological development with side effect,  all miscellaneous problem can be solve with environment friendly solution & innovative technological help.school can take it as one subject, assign under avishkar abhiyan.
0 0 A forum must be set where students can upload about there inventories and it can be varified by group of scientists set by the government. Also it should be closed the student and the panel of scientists such that publi does not know about the inventories and at later stage patent could be awarded. Best inventories should be awarded with national recognisation. Ther can be reservation for such students in recognised govt. organisations.
0 0 Pls select one student (toper) each & every  school from all over India then ministry conducted examination then short out 10000 student then ministry one other conducted exam short out 1000 student that is India's creemylayer.then that's student given the facility of ministry.
0 0 good initiative taken by our Indian government...
0 0 5.Start a Search Program to "Catch them Young" thru teachers & students both. 6.Ask to suggest names of outstanding & God gifted students. Anyone can suggest.
0 0 3.Announce Cash Prizes along with scholarships. 4.Provide a platform like this-a Website & Postal-address where students can send their Concept/Innovation directly to HRD Ministry & give it's ad in Newspapers,TV,Schools, Colleges.
0 0 1.Remove exam-fees from all exams all Olmpiads,NTSE etc. 2.Open as many exam-centres as you can. So students from all parts can appear.
1 0 The Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is a great initiative by Government of India. I would like to suggest to open this platform for everyone and not only for school children. There are many industry professionals who are willing to mentor young and creative minds in schools, my suggestion is to open the Mentoring to public. I want to suggest, to memorize the Birthday of great Missile Man Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Sir, 15 October, as a "National Innovation Day". To focus on innovations by common people.
0 0 there so many aviskarak can be found  who are seeking to get oportunity to perfirm . i suggest to provide good platform to them  where they can get technical and financial support  to innovate so that their talent can be used in favor of Nation building .
0 0 Hi Dharmendra, I know one website "http://highereducation.mp.gov.in/index.htm" where my 'Professor' friend gives lectures in Hindi for hindi speaking students. There may be such a website in Gujarati or even in may other langauges. They are treasures of free but quality knowledge. Try to explore web. Best wishes and keep it up. Arun Dalaya
0 0 HI.. Respected PM NARENDRA MODI SIR Sub : " EDUCATION BY RADIO "
1 0 if good quality of education is given to our student then abhiyan should b really fruitfull.it should come on massive scale.and praising our dedicated students too can add upto
0 0 RAJIV DIXIT a patriot who did lots of research in indigenous scientific traditions, knowledge and heritage of thousands of years, was killed in mysterious circumstances in Nov 2010, by foreign organisations who are against re-emergence of BHARAT as science superpower. His work of SWADESHI AANDOLAN (based in Wardha Maharastra) should be supported by HRD Ministry. Like Rajiv Dixit, thousands of scattered talent, mostly in backward classes, possess such talent, who should be supported and promoted
0 0 Olympiad are famous for excellent students, but awareness about, and compulsion about Olympiad is less, only we know about students that they got selected for research after success in Olympiad..
0 0 It is very unfortunate that in our country no breakthrough research came out because researcher is very very less pay and no job
0 0 Today highly qualified researcher after pursued their Ph.D degree are jobless and living in poverty UGC also did unjustice in hike in fellowship implementation date 1 Dec instead of 1 april or 1 oct 2014. In india researcher are treated as a beggar no one care . In this situation no innovation will evolve. if a Ph.d. holder degree work just 30,000 then no one innovation will out. today most of research institute is gathering on uncompetant   and corrupt people
3 0 #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv : Learning of Vedic Mathematics should be made compulsory from 8th standard onward.
0 0 Nd the creation come from knowledge so if the no cover their syllables of standard then how the idea of innovation come out We all know our Ancient guru first train their mind to how to control on our mind nd then they teach other Nd second things  the most of villagers even don't know how any person responsible for country So it is very necessary to awake any person Or invention must occur if the environment of good mind had occur
1 0 Sir , First of all thanks to share so much idea of people via mygav Sir I'm also belong to Bsc physics so i want to share some my idea According to APJ kalam "the innovationtake place from prmiary standard so first of all we need to change the educational system  . I also coming from this system and i feel that if we  no more force on what we give the knowledge to students but teach the student teachnic by which he / she can get any knowledge nd can remember what he read
0 0 Innovation is born from interest and qriocity. It is a scientifically proven that by the age of 5 human neurology and psychology is already shaped. A simple phycomatry test can indicate the interest and tendency of child. This shall be used to give them challenge of innovation in the area of their leaning. Extend this to choice of subjects for education / skill development and use this to hire people in nation building organisations like RSS. investment of time and effort inline with neurology!
1 0 1. Create awareness amongst students to study their surrounding for day to day problems related to transport, agriculture, education, training, banking etc. 2. Student will identify his area of interest and innovate. 3. Guidance centers at school/college level to channelize and guide such innovations. 4. Online Portal to register these innovations 5. Selected innovations must be funded by government as money is major hurdle stopping innovations in India. 6. Max media visibility to winners.
1 0 i like to know the value of our engineers in india. AICTE is the most corrupt Insistutions in india. Medium industries recurting one or two engineers. But Some many Engineering Colleges in india without proper facilities. Even PANI PURI WALA earning/day is Much more money than Engineers having more experience in their field.
0 0 First of all there should be only one central board for school education and each school (Government as well as private)suppose to follow the KV Schools guidelines it may be for appointment of teachers or how to teach the students or how they organise GDs,debates and other extracurricular actvts. in every district or atleast in major cities there should be a platform to show and discuss inovative ideas,invention and research of students. Try to concentrate more on practicals than theory
0 0 More innovative & genuine ideas will come from rural students. Its time we spread school network like Navoday Vidhyalaya & offer opportunities to these students. School should follow gurukul culture as found during Ramayan & Mahabharat days.
1 0 Ancient avishkars
0 0 Beti ko bacha k use duniya me jinda lash mt bnne dijie.mene to education is vjh se drop kr d bt me nhi chahti kisi or ka spna kisi or ki vjh se tute..unke spne unki khusiya unki freedom une  kisi or ki vjh se sacrifice mt hone dijie...
0 0 Beti ko bacha k use duniya me jinda lash mt bnne dijie.mene to education is vjh se drop kr d bt me nhi chahti kisi or ka spna kisi or ki vjh se tute..unke spne unki khusiya unki freedom une  kisi or ki vjh se sacrifice mt hone dijie...
0 0 respected sir.... sir plz think about women safety.jo women help line no. start kiya gya tha vo b bnd kr diya gya h.phle kuch hd tk unknown no se girls ki prblm km ho gyi thi bt now it is on top.. nuje hi le lijie smone hi blackmailing me that he had my vedio nd pic.he'll shiw them to my family.nd say to them that i m with him in relation.dir ek ldki sari duniya se ld skti h bs apne parents ki respect k dath nhi... so i m requesting u to plz do smthing for safety...
0 0 respected sir.... sir plz think about women safety.jo women help line no. start kiya gya tha vo b bnd kr diya gya h.phle kuch hd tk unknown no se girls ki prblm km ho gyi thi bt now it is on top.. nuje hi le lijie smone hi blackmailing me that he had my vedio nd pic.he'll shiw them to my family.nd say to them that i m with him in relation.dir ek ldki sari duniya se ld skti h bs apne parents ki respect k dath nhi... so i m requesting u to plz do smthing for safety... plz take step on it
0 0 SIR KINDLY ESCALATE THIS VIDEO PRESENTATION TO OUR PM SHRI NARENDRA MODI JI. THE IDEA IS 'BHARATH NEER'A NEW MINARAL WATER BRAND FROM INDIAN GOVERNMENT THROUGH PANCHAYAT'S AND MUNICIPALITY'S
0 0 We as a nation have abundant coal reserves, but sparse natural gas reserves. As result there is a wide gap between supply and demand for natural gas. Many of our gas based utilities are lying idle for want of natural gas. We can utilise our abundant coal reserve for meeting the supply gap in natural gas by converting coal (inferior quality high ash coal) to Synthetic Natural  Gas (SNG) by using state of the art coal gasification technologies - make in India
0 0 The students of the "Mentoring" Schools should be allowed access to the facilities of the "Mentoring Institutions". Also, it could also be helpful if extra credit is given to students of "Mentoring Institutions" if they can teach for a while in the "Mentoring" schools. I suggest to take NGOs like Teach for India into the umbrella too.
0 0 Respected Mr. Priminister G and All Indian Youth, I want to share something. we are living in such an era where the respect and safety of the women is lost somewhere. To Protect the safety I have an implementation idea, if you find it good, please help to implement the idea or help me to improve it, if you found any new points for the idea. Enclosed is the pdf file in this regards. If it can help us to make the nation to be safe. + JAI HIND + JAI BHARAT +
0 0 Excessive use of Tobacco and Nicotine by our Youth in Hookah bars existing in our country. Immature teenagers spend their parent’s hard earned money to spoil their own lives.They are supposed to be the future of India.But unfortunately, most of our Indian Youth is getting addicted to use of tobacco,drugs etc and is getting misguided.You should take steps to ban these hookah bars. It should not be acceptable legally as well as morally.
1 0 Dear sir, Plz connect all universities and institutes to related govt department for training.so students will get education plus work experience. Govt officers will inspect the institutes regularly & officers also get help to improve themselve.
1 0 Insurance should be a compulsary part of every rail ticket, like air ticket.
0 0 Dear Sir, I have two points to share. 1.) In 2013, no students from government school in bihar cleared NTSE final round. Why? Two reasons, NTSE competition has been taken over by coaching institutes like FIITJEE which are beyond the reach of economically underprivileged kids. And other, the collapsing education system of govt. schools. 2.) When you go through IIT-JEE report published by many IITs, you will find that no student from guwahati region get into IIT who gave the exam in Hindi.
0 0 dear sir, for increasing innovations in our country and developing our own indigenous technology,We should make it compulsory for iitians and nitians to do atleast 2 year research for country and govt. should try to tap their brain and pay them handsomely so that they don't think leaving country as most of them study in iits with subsidised fee and work for foreign companies. Govt. companies like DRDO HAL NAL should do collaboration with IITs to develop breakthrough technologies.
0 0 Dear Smriti Mam, JJ Let expert work on this abhiyan. Why can't we invite any IIT or NIT to plan this abhiyan. Let IIT /NIT work for outside as well as inside. A wing in IIT/NIT should work for the world outside IIT /NIT. Its mind of IIT/NIT and benefit of Indians. Think. If approved. I will send extended plan. Nirmal Sanghvi Indore MP
0 0 Being an IITian myself I truely believe that doing projects in your subject helps the student understand the subject in a much better way. Projects are application of the concepts you learnt in class on to practical life. The topic given by the teacher can be as simple as please prepare a presentation on how the concept you learnt in this subject applies to solve any problem in the real world. The child must be thorough in his understanding of the concept before he can apply around him.
0 0 A good initiative, however apart from mentoring the students, a weekly or monthly field exposure such as internships/site tours/in-hand experience should be given to the students which would let them know regarding the work place and see the technologies in motion. Various IIT's and other esteemed institutes have yearly technological festivals, there should be a limited quota for such students to take part in those festivals gaining exposure and knowledge both. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
1 0 Competitions like spelling bee conducted in USA and all are gaining International fame and always its toppers include Indians. Why can't we conduct such International events with due publicity in the science, maths, English language etc. Students should be given platforms to perform. Maths Olympiad and science congresses conducted in India occupies only inner columns of national dailies and many students are unaware of such occasions. This phenomenon has to be changed.
0 0 everything is fine . but 25 % of government schools in 3 years is a joke ,if the government really cares then it be atleast 60% of gov schools in each state in 3 years, put more people and resources behind it , take the initiative , every state should feel the change , every citizen should feel the change .#MHRD #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan #MyGOv
0 0 prachi nadi puratan hain,jamugoradi ka rasta 50 saal se kam nahin hua hai,light nahin hain,mla,mp ek nahin tintin hain,phir bhi kam nahin hata hai,manybar cm odisha nku odia brellie in english unke liye 15 august ko dena chahte hain,aur aap ko bhi,agar aap permission denge to odia bhi sikh sakte hain,hum aur kahin kam karna nahin chahte hain,aap ke saayh rehke desh ki seva karna chahta hoon,pakistan main pehle jaisa pnb bank hojaye to kaise rahega, phir se bhaichara hojayega,odisha main bahat
0 0 nice initiative! please start with the schools.collaborate school with nearest technical colleges and colleges to nearest industries and apply slogan "give and take " . I think which plays a very crucial role in the innovation and technology. training of the teacher also plays a    very important roles so starts the training of teachers also. Make the list of best teacher and professor and scientist and ask to trained the other faculty in the remote areas though online and arranging seminar in the Holiday basis which will create great energy to the students and teachers.
0 0 Respected Sir Or Madam, I think that there should be a universal portal platform to share Ideas.Some time the ideas are come through the rural part of the Nation.The idea developers have No knowledge how to use and share their Ideas for Public Welfare and National development.Just like that I have few Ideas But I am not able to find right person to share my Idea.The following are some of the Ideas that U think will be helpful in National development- 1.I have an Idea for Generating Electricity on National Highways.Using some tactics and equipments. 2.Generating Electricity,Fuel by Using Railway Tracks and some tactics. Yours faithfully Indian Citizen Name-Sanjay Pal Contact:9041837849
0 0 I request Modiji to utilise the services of Shri.Raju Narayana Swami,IAS who has been consistently ignored by political establishment of all hues for his unstinted commitment to the Society ,poor and down trodden.Swamy,a Role model for how an IAS official should be, had done pioneering work in computer education(was first rank holder from IIT,Chennai in computer science,not to speak of his second to none in all competitive/academic exams including IAS),civil admn-can be an asset to TEAM MODI
0 0 sir,there should be a system in which all interested person should be given opportunity based on their qualification to work for some time in such environment without facing tough competition and reservation barriers,this will enhance their skill and interest,which is lost due to lack of opportunities...
0 0 A good initiative
1 0 Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan : Name is very well but path taking is not correct. partnership with google & intel ( American companies ) to promote STEM area which is american need. Indians are smart in Science , Math . India is already highest & best producing Engineers. Only Remaining thing is to improve education system with more practical approach which they can get through experience . Rule need to be compulsory for any challenge: Project work / paper can not be plagiarized
0 0 Conclusion: The solutions provided by me will make sure that there is no extra power for teachers of giving marks to students. This is also a type of corruption which can be handled this way. this will also make sure that quality of the education as students will mainly learn from digital classes from very good teachers. This will also standardise the education system as students will not be dependent on the standard/quality of the school he/she is going to which is a problem for village schools
0 0 Solution contd : Every student should get a cheap tablet with wifi for all the school. Everyday there should be quiz tests for the previous day's class. 50% weightage should be given on these daily quiz tests in the final score. The quiz test questions should be selected by computer from the question bank provided to the students. I guess TCS already has a product for this. Similarly the mainly exam should have 50% weightage. Again for the final exam also, computer should set the paper.
0 0 Solution : Why we can not use technology to solve the issues we have. Ideally teachers should never set exam question papers. It should be done using computer. Students should be given huge question bank with answers and with explanation for that answer for all subjects/chapters. Students should be provided with prerecorded class for all subjects and chapters which should be available on some education portal. In the classroom teachers should mainly be used for Q&A incase of any query.
0 0 Problem contd : Parents send their kids to school teachers for private tuition with the hope that they will give "suggestions" before the exam indirectly forcing their kids to take short cuts. This has become huge business for teachers as well. Because of this teachers does not have any motivation to teach in school. Instead they ask students to come his/her home for the same. What students can learn this way. They spend hours to go and to come from private tutor's house.
0 0 Problem : Main problem to achieve our goal is the quality of education in India. In our country student study to score marks and not to learn. Because of this parents are only concerned how their children can score more marks and not that worried how much their kids are really learning. That's why they try to do whatever it takes for their kids to score marks like sending their children to private tuition to the same teachers from their school.
0 0 I had my schooling in Kendriya vidyalaya, where i learnt about importance of art and science apart from theoritical books.We drew paintings participated in science fairs, but now we cant see those types of innovations in any private schools. we only see numbers and scores. Please make it mandate for schools to introduce science and arts as additional subjects which shall yeild them marks in a similar way as in higher education we have labs and practicals carrying certain marks for academics.
0 0 We must foucs on primary education in the country. instead of pushing children for grades we shall encourage them for innovation and good habits, in japan children have a speacial class every day on house keeping. i.e., children do sweep their classrooms in turns. This is not to demoralise them but to bring in them the concern for cleanliness at root level OF MATURITY. Our Modi ji has launched swach bharat, tell me how many of us are following it whole heartedly without fail or embracement.
0 0 Smart systems and traditional innovative products developed by ordinary peoplemust be encouraged through this abhiyan , through regional competition and selected ones must provide with Funds and nodal institutes like iits and nits must be tasked to further develop their protypes annd make them commercially viable.
0 0 Rashtriya Abhiskar abhiyan should cover all colleges, a national level competition based on diff themes and colleges from which students are selected are provided with funds to improve to carry forward that project research and national importance insstitute like iits, Nits, should be made the nodal agency of the region to assist those colleges and students so that constant between the students and those institutes motivate them to carry innovative work.
0 0 In respect to Avishkar Abhiyan, I want to suggest that, The people at grams and urban level should be encouraged to make updation of their ancestral experience in various things, e.i. Agricultural, residence,home, decoration, Handicraft items, fuel,bycycle, tricicle,transportation method, etc. small types of invetion and novation will encourage the poor and small people to do creative work.necessary enviorment and infrastruction for innovation and reasearch should be provided to people.
0 0 Wireless electricity
0 0 #MHRD: (Contd.) But the idea is good. If we motivate the children & create a curiosity for science in their mind, who knows, one day they will achieve something big. First we have to spot the talent & then we have to nurture the talent for years. Encouragement by the parents & financial support by the govt. are essencial. But most important is proper environment & freedom for research.
0 0 #MHRD: Children are receptive to new ideas & it is not difficult to motivate them & ignite their mind. But inventing something needs years of hard work & utmost dedication in a congenial environment. Our great C.V.Raman got a Nobel Prize in Physics long back in 1930. After that Indian scientists got this prize only after migrating to U.S.A. So there is something wrong. Rivalry among colleagues is common & the 'Boss' wants to take all the credits for the good work done by the juniors.
0 0 I think we need to identify key areas where we are technology dependent and focus on those areas in developing our key competencies. For example we are basically energy deficient country but the focus should be to get raw form of energy in one kind and with in house technology convert it to more lucrative form.Our basic setups in IITs, CSIR and IISc can help in doing something like this.
0 1 test disc
0 0 Good Morning.  I was quite impressed with our PM's Radio recent Speech watching with my Tab.  I am planning to quit my Abroad profession and back to India by Nov.'15.  Once landing to India being as an Indian to focus development of Agriculture, My Home town young people Education and Trying to gear up electricity from Sea Water and helping to full fill the demand of our India Electricity Issues.  I am proud be an Indian to do things with Great Leader Mr. N. Modi Sir.....  Thanking you - BabuR.
1 0 test discuss
0 0 As we All know that technology get near to every one.2-3 years kids also know how to play with mobile and tablets means all mathematics and science is near to us we need to recognize it.Our teachers must create curiosity among our kids that how we develop these technology how its works and improve the logical thinking of kids they automatically get familiar with maths and science.
1 0 School students can be motivated by having practical classes on unique science topics outside of school education at planetariums. The practical coaching for students on school days in the form of excursion will motivate and energize them. Planetariums can also be allowed to choose interested students to take up classes outside of school and college hours on own interest at reduced fees or subsidised fees. The students ideas can bring us more glories through Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan.Go India..
3 0 In every classroom at least one simple science activity based on any basic principle per student per month be encouraged and prominently displayed in science exhibition corner identified in each classroom. If space is not sufficient these designs can be taken by the students to their homes and recalled in the school on particular days.
0 0 This is a meaningless exercise when a large state having 9% of national population is berefet of any scientific institutions. How lopsided is the Indian policy making? First ensure equitable distribution of scientific establiments like IISER, CSIR, DSIR, ISRO, DRDO, DAE CDAC, DBT etc and then talk about promoting scientific temper among masses. If you really wish to promote innovation and research, first provide access to such scientific institutions for 110 mn Biharis.
1 0 Annual science melas with centre and state supported funding with a separate committe at central level with state representatives and organising agents being IIT teams for that region. the overall topics can be chosen by centre and state with other added themes by IIT  & IISC team & visveshwaraya science museum, bangalore also contributing with activities. The team should uniformly move from one state to another to conduct on various topics with website for tracking winners, contest and test
0 0 Students and college students must be invited to annual science melas in each state capital for each month. The melas must be so good that it should contain materials and activities and discussions for all age groups students, teachers, normal public, college students also. Some very tough activities on robotics etc at IIT standard also be conducted to promote scientific harmony in the society. IIT Madras sarang are much appreciated.The winners from each state must be sent to national level mela
0 0 School students can be motivated by having practical classes on unique science topics outside of school education at planetariums. The practical coaching for students on school days in the form of excursion will motivate and energize them. Planetariums can also be allowed to choose interested students to take up classes outside of school and college hours on own interest at reduced fees or subsidised fees. The students ideas are not respected by all teachers a universal forum for all students.
0 0 Major electronics and embedded programming languages also should be included in school syllabus and this will help motivate development of electronics knowledge and all innovations and sensors need electronics and embedded systems to achieve feats. So electronics courses introduction must be taken up earlier and not restricted to engineering. Currently theoretical knowledge on electronics circuits is there in 11th and 12th but needs more practical circuit design using computer needed.
0 0 The syllabus of schools and colleges require a major revamp. Phython and basic programming languages like C, C++, Java, HTML must be included in curriculum as early as 1st Standard and slowly mobile app development, mobile os core base like kernel, linux can be taught so next generation is more tech savvy. Currently programming introduced at 10th and above no use. At college only java oops they teach all these need to be corrected for booming knowledge economy and innovation of future. #MHRD
0 0 The RAA (Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan) team can form a separate website and all students can be asked to register and contests conducted in various field of science regularly and quiz and discussion topics and forums similar to mygov.in will energize students and youth in productive manner. Practical solutions to many problems students have they can upload video in youtube and share to that issue and best can be used by DRDO and IIT for further development to solve national issues easily.
0 0 To add to earlier post...Science Park should be designed to fully engage children and capture their curiosity. These should not be view-only. These should provide hands-on experience with agenda for its continuation when they get back home. Prizes should also be given and may be a Invention Olympiad can be held for more encouragement. The topics should include inventions in products, services, online/offline or future areas needing resources such as Skill Dvpt or Make in India. Win-Win for all.
0 0 Curiosity when caught early can be guided to very productive results and careers. Government may establish what could be called as Science Park with low initial investment with at least one in each city upto tier 3. Existing Vigyan Bhawans could also be converted. Schools should be encouraged with incentives to include bi-monthly visits. Also, Introduce labs from 3rd standard in schools so that these parks could act as extension and maintain continuity of experience in scientific explorations.
0 0 We never forced to do such activities so our students always remain far from this. Their should be practical exam from class 6 to above because theories proved only through practical. If students allow to watch gadgets, machines other appliances it will create curiosity among them and lead to their better future
0 0 I think main reasons behind this lack is that our student are not getting enough knowledge in their primary and secondary education as a student of government school I know what are the condition or quality of education we are getting, for a subject like science and mathematics one has to be more practical rather than just theoretical and there seldom occur any practical in government school. We just teach the subject theories even though our book contain several activity to be done but never fo
0 0 Hello, I have got one very good school erp system which can be helpful to school administration, teachers, students and their parent. It may be helpful in making schools digital.
0 0 How can we involve the IT professionals of India in the nation making?
0 0 How can we handle the floods and Drought ? It can be done in a simple way like as we all know in India there are lots of river . Can we initiate a program to interconnect all the rivers such that we can divert the water in the needed places. And by this we can also save the rain water which is essential for the future.
0 0 It is usual Practice to give name of some scheme, some road or some Statue to be done in name of Significant person in any area. However, it will good if we can name some key measure in missile and related technology, that way we will ALWAYS remember his contribution. How about naming each stage of missile trajectory being called as "akalam" for APJ Kalam. It will be very inspiring to use this in all our areas of life. I can suggest more if contacted.
0 0 Most of schools in our country, especially in rural and semi-urban areas are not having basic infrastructure. If the Government of India is really serious about this Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan, it is suggested to provide first the minimum basic facilities to all government schools by allocating funds required for the same.
0 0 New curriculum materials, when complete, need to be freely shared online.
0 0 Inspiration is what is missing in the science classroom today. Our hope is that the professionals who have been lucky enough to develop a passion for their subject area will become increasingly driven to share this enthusiasm with the next generation.
0 0 RASHTRIYA AVISHKAR ABHIYAN Need to provide students with mentors and positive role models. For every completed project, at least one scientist-students partnership need to be created at bottom level as well.
0 0 hindi ka font kyo nhi ata
0 0 Continued..... It should send to DRDO or other government centers where it can be improved by scientist..and the project named should be patent with name of invoter and government can give the inventor like scholarship or some rewards etc.
0 0 In order to make this abhiyan successfull i have an idea... Now days most of places have number of colleges...first of all government should select some of the college or university in particular places...now in order to attract in voters government should announce that in every six months competition will be held and the winner would be given some money prize or something as reward..and scientists from DRDO or other top institute should visit there...if a project get selected it go to DRDO for
0 0 There are so many engg colleges in our country but most of them only concentrates on theoretical part.there must be a lab named as "appropriate tech" lab which will consist info about simple and cheaper tech to solve problems in a society.... This will encourage students from various backgrounds to think about them and invent new one......there should be competition across the country and winner should be provided with award and some incentives to go ahead with that project
0 0 Hello sir ,I have some idea through which we can create a New India. In this plan like - e- chalan, save electricity, save our nature etc. So that why I want to meet you. So please give me the confirmatiob
0 0 Respected Sir, I have gone through nice article about agriculture. In countries around the world they are engaged in agriculture, the traditional methods of agriculture have exclusivisly. According to the agricultural system in Indonesia, the fish will be in the fields, farmers usually get a bit more interesting, and the fish leave the field bunds.
1 0 gate exam must ban for public sector exam cause the boys of engineering more theoretical than practical due to this exam from 1st they need public sector job, so they read only theory so, as u know thanks
0 0 I am an Internet entrepreneur building world class mobile app for student community. I've visited many schools and colleges as part of a research work and I learned that students are having great innovative ideas, thoughts, and questions to share and get answers/suggestions in order to get confidence and proof of concept to get started working on their idea. However, due to fear factor and limitations of approachability students are not able to reach out to experts.
0 0 My suggestion is to work towards digitization of books currently in archive and also have a portal for people to publicly access these contents , as they are much useful in the area of cultural ,science and health care. An translation of these contents into various international language will further help India in establishing an image of a country driven by knowledge from centuries . OCR is one of the technologies which could aid in implementation of an scalable solution .
0 0 AND STUDENTS OF NATIONAL INSTITUTE SHOULD BE BOND SIGNED TO WORK FOR INDIA EVEN AFTER HIGHER STUDY IN ABROAD.BECAUSE SO MANY STUDENTS GO ABROAD AFTER THEIR STUDY TO WORK FOR ANOTHER COUNTRY FOR A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY.THIS HAPPENS DUE TO THE CRAB MENTALITY OF CITIGENS.SO I SUGGEST THAT GOVT. SHOULD MAKE LARGE EFFORT FOR THE STUDENTS PERSUING CAREER IN RESEARCH AND MAKE SURE THAT STUDENTS SHOULD WORK FOR INDIA AFTER THEIR STUDY.
0 0 SIR I THINK THERE SHOULD BE A OPPERTUNITY FOR STUDENTS OF CLASS-VII TO X TO EXPLORE INTO THE WORLD OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY.AND STUDENTS OF NISER/IISER/IIT/NIT ETC. SHOULD SHARE THERE IDEAS WITH YOUNGS OF VILLAGES AND THEY SHOULD ALSO RECEIVE SOME IDEAS FROM VILLAGE.BECAUSE I THINK THE BEST MINDS OF OUR COUNTRY ARE IN THE VILLAGE,BUT THEY ARE NOT EXPLORED TO OUTSIDE WORLD.
0 0 It is a very nice intiative by GoI to nurture the interest in the field of Science and Technology among children.
0 0 create an entire ecosystem, agreed that institutional voids exist and it will take some time for these gaps to fill, hence  a cluster of schools may collaborate rather than compete for  ideation
0 0 use technology to deliver education to masses and promote imagination and innovation. the digitization initiative by our  govt. must be leveraged for education and skilling
0 0 where is new industrial policy, labour reforms, digital india also only announcement, how many industrial corridors started in last 15 months, none
0 0 indian story in all fields is of individual brilliance and there is no govt. programme based, if we focus on that we can save at least 5 lac crore of imports
0 0 school, college education is all curicullum based theorey, very little practicals, no skill devlopment, no domestic mass manufacturing, just think a small device like mobile phone we are not able to manufacture, this is as govt. has no focus on it
0 0 indians are the best but we lag only as we donot have world class schools, colleges, and no guidance to students for higher education, invention is a very far off planet as phd degree in our country is a joke, no inventions, no noble prize, nothing
0 0 sir the innovation should be a solution for a problem. simply saying innovate confuses the people. if we have knowledge of the problems then when we find a solution then it will be an innovation. So it's better if there is a platform that shows the description of the problem & people suggest the solution.
0 0 there are several scientists in cities.we should also contact them to be a mentor of any government school. since the number of iit  and nit is very small as compared to schools,so involving scientists and phd scholars can help this scheme.
1 0 26) Students from IITs, NIT, IISC, AIIMS should be given visa for higher studies in foreign countries only and only on condition of returning back to India. 27) All the companies of international presence should be asked to open Science and technology research wings in collaboration with institute of excellence of foreign countries. 28) A national start up fund should be institutionalized to provide funds on nominal interests to budding scientists, engineers and doctors to startup their own.
1 0 24) Scientific and mathematical institutes of international excellence should be pursued to open their branches in India and promote collaboration with indian centers of excellence. 25) Government should provide full fellowship to each and every student going abroad for higher medical, technical or PhD education on condition of job and perks on returning back to India.
1 0 20) Scientists, doctors and eminent engineers should be honored with chancellor positions in universities instead of governors made by vested political interests. 21) Each and every state of india should have atleast one research institution of excellence for biology, biotechnology, engineering, biomedical science, physics, chemistry. 22) More job opportunities should be presented to scientists and mathematicians. 23) Salary scales should be revised so that, scientists do not think to go USA.
1 0 16) Science and technology, research and development minister should himself or herself be a scientist or a person of that potential. 17) Budget allocations for science, mathematics, medical and engineering and research studies should be equivalent to defense budget. 18) Scientists, Doctors, engineers with research and development credentials should be honored and must highest paid to secure their future. 19) Documentries highlighting efforts of scientists should aired on national television.
1 0 13) Each and every college providing science and mathematics education  should be mentored by a research institution of excellence in that particular region. 14) Each and every medical college and engineering college should have a dedicated research wing having collaborations through out the world. 15) Every Doctor or Engineer in making should be asked to establish their own labs and work on research projects of their interests.
1 0 11) Curriculum for Bachelors and masters courses in Biology, Physics, Chemistry and mathematics should be updated on international norms. These should be made more industry centric. Students should be given projects to solve problems for their respective regions. 12) Internship in industries and research institutions should be compulsory during bachelors and masters program.
1 0 8) Each and every school should promote more and more participation of students in national science talent search examination, kishor vegyanik program. 9) A  science, mathematics and astronomy museum should be made compulsory in each and every school of India along with a district level science and technology fair once in a year. 10) Funds for school laboratories should be increased to make them updated.
1 0 4) Biographies and autobiographies of scientists and mathematicians should be part of curriculum and each and every school, public library. 5) Descriptive questions should be abolished to be replaced by hypothesis driven, problem solving project based questions. 6) For each concept of science and mathematics it should be highlighted that how it was utilized in past for a current day application. 7) science and mathematics quiz competitions should be organized in schools starting early age.
1 0 Ideas for Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan: 1) Science and mathematics books from very early stage should be made more interactive, conceptual and applicative. Examples from everyday life should be added. 2) Application should be prioritized from primary school. Practicals should be part from primary school. 3) Science and mathematics assignments should be in puzzle and applicative problem solving format instead of rote learning based questions.
1 0 We have everything to lead the world but our brains are not getting right direction sometimes.some way 1)Make national a think tank and include all the universities and schools in it 2)A right co-ordination among all the universities and right evolution of their research work. cause most of the money granted for research been wasted. 3)Inspirational speeches as well as lecture and interesting science classes through teleconference(Just like Mr. Prime Minister delivered on teacher's day)
0 0 Research Methodology & correct way of approaching problems in a scientific manner must be inculcated in children from school stage, only then thoughts leading to inventions will occur, else our youth will keep falling prey to "google-cut, copy paste" syndrome & new thoughts will be few. It is strongly recommended that it be incorporated as a subject in schools and every student must produce an original research paper before passing out of school with strong disincentive against plagiarism.
0 0 agar srishti chalabi hai to vigyan ko lana hoga. agar,vigyan badhana hai to. vaigyanik ko avishkar karana hoga.  parantu. hamare sarkari schools ke andar labs toh hai parantu koi sikhane wala nahi.    research is quite low.    mainly till 12 class in 90 percent of the government colleges student dont to proper practicals.   a truth.  unchanged from decades.     plzzzz se and do needful. kyonki avishkar karne ke liye lab jaruri hai sahab or vaigyanik ko banane ke liye vigyan ka practical
0 0 I think we should connect learning Science and Mathematics to fun. And also they should connect more to things happening around them in real life. I have been watching some programs in "Discovery Science" channel like "Outrageous Acts of Science Physics", "Stuff Happends", "You Think you would Survive".  These things can infact be added into the curriculum of students in 5-10 standards.  We shoudl also allocate more time for the lab sections and and let teachers demonstrate experiments in class.
0 0 Strict Norms of AICTE must be followed in the private engineering college of India so that the manager of these colleges also known as the famous business man’s of India will be stubbed to do there dictatorship. On the occasion of gurupurnima kind appeal to you sir from we faculty members of these private engineering colleges is that to please save our job as well as livelihood. This also helps the future of the nation that is our student to get the quality education.
0 0 I was very impressed by this new technology they used in China to construct 10 houses using 3D printed material. If our students can get a head start in this field then we can frog leap the industrialization and use this new tech to develop our country. Pls visit this website and see what all can be achieved...http://www.yingchuangnewmaterial.com/
0 0 if it is to be started from schools then an annual exbhibition must be organized in each schools where students must show their extra knowledge through their projects. the talented students must be selected unbiased. the students which are selected from school's exhibitons must come to national science exhibition where the most talented and innovative idea be selected. the student who win national science exhibiton get a chance to work with reputed scientists of thier intersted field.
0 0 Hon. Prime Minister I kindely requst to you for about DBT scheme.In Gondia Dist of Maharashtra State there is a  Goregaon Taluka. There is single branch of Nationalise Bank It very Difficult to people of banking work reason is that population of this Taluka 1.5 Lac. In bank 50 thousand account. People of this taluka like farmer,student is very difficult bank work. I have observed that I kindely request to you Plz open a New Branch of Nationalise Bank LIKe STATE BANK OF INDIA
0 0 Sorry all This is not the topic but i want to reach this news to PM sir. in andrapradesh @nagarjuna university a girl was sucided because of principle. She was second year btech student but case was closed.the principal did politics on this case.and the government also didnt taken seriously sooo please help her parents to punish principal n some other students,who are involved in this case.
1 0 Dear, Mr.PM Modi ji.if population across india can donate just Rs.2 per month as donation as per our country population around 240 crore Rs. can be collected per month and every month this money can be used for development of our country. every month one state can use this money for making new schools, free books, free education , transport, and other activities high regards manish kumar ph : 09899787370
0 0 recruit students of IISERs/IITs/NITs/NISER as a special teacher in such small schools to promote science education with experimental approach. By the way these are your selected students. If you have selected them and if they have qualified for the post then use those to build a strong base of science in our nation.. Thanking you
1 0 Organise Summer Research Course for student of class 6th to 12th
2 1 DEAR SIR, I am Ankit Labh,MS Student at IISER Mohali.I have some suggestions. 1) promote students of IITs/NITs/IISERs/NISER to teach students of class 7th to 12th by paying him a high salary. 2) give Special scholarship/financial support (@ Rs.15,000 per semester) to a student who teaches 3 student of backward classes(or poor background) nearby his institute in free. 3) Pay the student who makes some model to demonstrate some experiment to the students of any govt school.
0 0 Innovation is outcome of focused immagination total involvment dedication till achieved goal. Make a talent Bank sort elligible persons provide support monitor the progress .kindly donot  make is school wise make it deserving student wise.In shools informal actvities to promote interest toward science and math and logics.
3 0 sir i am myself a science student and i hardly know whether this stuff would reach the needed or not. please keep a check so that the minds which really deserve the innovation can put in their efforts easily
0 0 this programme is helpful to the children to more innovative .. but specially it should focus to encourage the students from rural area...
0 0 this is very difficult in INDIA due to some problem which I feel in lot off colleges as well as IIT's ie. zero coordination in between the CIVIL ,ELECTRICAL, ELECTRONICS AND MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT, maximum person is not discussing with other department for MTECH, PHD project so that quality of research is poor as compare to others. As per my personal opinion  in any practical project in MTech of PHD all department coordination is must for best result of research
0 0 To make the program truly scalable and cover more number of children, I’d recommend having “qualified and technology savvy individuals” as mentors to school children instead of just a few institutions. Further having an online community for the children to share what they learned from their mentors would encourage and motivate children to get the most out of their mentors.
0 0 Selection of students with different creativity from middle class level.Select about 100 students at national level of different creativity and give them perfect training in his creativity with nationality
0 0 Respected sir,sir My suggestion is regarding water management ,where some states are fighting with flood and disaster caused by that .on the other side some states like Delhi haryana are lacking in water resources. Why not divert the way of these big rivers causing flood to these areas so that this problem can be solved.
1 0 After reading the book “Forge Your Future”by Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam, I felt the urge to share this with everyone. I have here in combined some important lines which I had jotted down.http://www.jadavchowdhury.blogspot.in/2015/07/respect-women.html
0 0 ---Government should spent more on research.
1 0 Sr...our constitution says no discrimination in the name of  sex,cast,religion, birth place etc.but same IC says reservation in education,feaserch,job,politics.   There is a chance of lossing appartunity in field of research due to cast stmystem for the grate talents.that should not happen.....reaserch is most required weapon for India to become number one.
0 0 schools nd college me science compition ho.....aur vigyan model
0 0 To the MHRD sub. regarding cooperation among IITs and PSUs As the psus and iits has a common entrance exam GATE as the result of psus out all the student leave the m.tech and move to psus so iits seats leave vacant all time ...for example some days before as the result of iocl out student newly admitted to bombay and kharakhpur leave m.tech and go to psus ..think who is responcible for the vacant sets ...if iocl result was declared some days before many can full fill their dream to IITs.
0 0 dear  pm sar ..adoptd the practical  on 8th standrd its improving  the student qureyasity and intrst to its to help for fetur for student
0 0 My dear hounareble PM ji With respect I have idea  I'm from dist Angul,Odissa there is big stadium in ur city,I believe we made that a international stadium. Regards Ashish agrawal Indian.
0 0 give easy access to spare parts, electronic components, like online shop eg. flipkart. this will help to build new .
1 0 Dear minister, i) Introduce a summer internship prog for classes 11th and 12th where students can work in research labs in IITs as research assistants for PhD scholars. This will give them an idea of what is research and engineering before making a career choice. The scholars mentoring should be given credits/certification for this mentorship ii) For younger classes (I - IV std) change the annual examination pattern to one group project that will represent all that they learnt in a year
0 0 Many skilled workers and labours have been working through supply agents in middle east and other developed countries.These supply agents works legally and illegally in all big cities of INDIA. They even supply to Iraq and other banned countries after procurring them to legal countries. So it is my humble request in the interest of the nation to supply manpower directly. This will reduce the illegal trafficking and increase the economy of INDIA.
1 0 Many skilled workers  and labours have been working through supply agents in middle east and other developed countries.These supply agents works legally and illegally in all big cities of INDIA. So it is my humble request in the interest of the nation. Make a recordable databank through which every person from India goes out is registered and supplied by INDIA directly. This will reduce the illegal trafficking and increase the economy of INDIA.
0 0 Respected Sir Please review the attached suggestion for national interest Regards Sudakar Balu
0 0 sir mere hisab seka kharca 100 crore ke aas pas hoga,sir yh mere hisab ka best plan lgta h aur bahut plan h kekin main likh nhi pa rha hu,sir yh kam keval student aur yuth ko hi diya jaye,,,sir yh mera vichar kaisa thoda bhi agar mujhe pta chle to aur jad plan h jo mujhe aap ko share krna h....ple sir yhi ek acha plan h isis se ldne ka....hmm ense jitege sir,,,,,...mere sabhi pdege sir to pta chlega mai kya likh hu pure block me ek hi topic pe kikh hu sir isis ko kaise thode ple....thanking sir
0 0 We must adopt the method of PANCHTANTRA KI KAHANIYA- The Stories of Panchtantra to generate curiosity among children by replacing school education systems of CBSE,ICSE etc. by PANCHATANTRA SCHOOLS.The method is followed in all western countries where no child brings books to schools; schools give them books and study materials. They are taught by story telling and by bringing in natural atmosphere at lakes, rivers, mountains, jungles where they learn by enjoying nature.
0 0 ye problem jo mai upar btaye huska smasya ko distic ke kisiadhikari se mil skte h informatin  le skte h aur samne wale ka kam khu nhi ho rha h uska rea. puche aur uska kam krwaye chahe jo field ho... es project 600 distic yani 2400 student ki jrurt h,student usi distic ke hoge  kekin unka zone change rhega .ha aur unke hr yers ka lekha jokha ka hisab hoga agr kam ache se nhi krte h to unhe hta diya jayega aur unke niche wale yana jo student waiting me h usko promot kr diya jayega
0 0 agar in chijo ko dhire dhire change ki jaye to hm en jaisi smsya se nidan pa skte h.eske liye hme apni yuth power dikhani hogi,jis prakar se isis hmare yuth ko tod rhi h,usi prakar hme ise tod kr apni yuth power dikhni hogi,eske liye mujhe lgta h ki hr disttic se 4 yese student slect kre jinki age 20 to25 hojo hr samy expert thing aur bhut etc. hr distic/city 4 zone me bat diya jaye,aur ek ek bnde ko hr zone ka main bna diye jaye,es team ka koi main nhi hoga  4 apne apne zone ke barab hoge...
1 0 Retired people are not really tiered. Design some suitable works for them. Let them work voluntarily and honorary
0 0 sir mai jha tk janta hu to hmare desh ke15 to 30 yrs ke h, vo isis kyu join kr rhe h,uska ek reasion h,phla rea. h jo yuth gav se hote h ve sansadhan aur faimly ke vichar se aage nhi bd pate h,second rea. student ka koi na ko kam ruk jata h che uska education loan ho ya bhut kuch jo uuse ghus magte h.third rea. ki student pd to lete h but sahi mardarshn and information  ki kami aur naukri aur paise ki kami etc. es liye ve isis join krte h sir ,mera manna h sir ki.....
0 0 respected sir,aj jb desh ke jadatar log krisi pr depends hi to us smay me yh ati avasyak hi ki aj apne desh ki krisi ko atiaadhunik bnaya jay,us disha me agar dekha jay to hmlog aur deso se bhut hi pichhe hi,agar hme aur deso aage jana hi to hmlogo ko bhi nyi nyi taknik viksit krni padegi,,,jo apne rastriya aviskar abhiyan ka ek ati mhatvpurn hissa ho skta hi,,,so pls apse gujaris hi ap is kshetra me jrur dhyan denge........dhanyabad
1 0 All school children starting from 4 th standard should go to summer science camps during summer school holidays. These camps can be funded by govt, private funding and camp teachers can be ranging from high school, college and science professional students from engineering and medical schools. These young teachers should be paid . They will learn to interact, be more social and learn value of earning money.
0 0 pm sir.....aaj jo aap ne isis ke liye 12 state ke sath meeting ki h,uske liye mere pass ek vichar h aur mera sochana h...
0 0 ignite their minds introduce ppp system in implementation to RAA partnership with people & private one company 10 districts example:TCS,ACCENTURE,IBM,GOOGLE,FACEBOOK,APOLLO AND OTHER PRIVATE HOSPITALS TEACHING STAFF,ETC this companies must adopt the schools and every school must get minimum of 15days training and on floor experience otherwise they must send there team for teaching them in schools for 15days so that students get idea what should they can do
2 0 Teachers are the main change maker along with father and mother of a young mind. If you can bring in reforms in their remuneration and benefits along with opening up of 10 premier teacher training institutes in the country,which focuses on learning through modern methods. and were aim is to enable young minds to think, invent and discover NEW. i hope present teachers and new can all benefit and equally then contribute towards young inventive indian minds
0 0 Sir agar hum 10th or 12th board ke jagah par 7th and 12th board kar de or stream change 7th board kar de to mujhe lagta hai ki hum kisi ek stream me behtar result la sakege.aksar mujhe lagta hai 12th board ke bad sare student ka aim career par jayda hota hai bajaye subject ke.sare students ek dusre se competition me lag jate hai.
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, WE NEED SECRET TECHNOLOGY ofNUCLEAR-DIFFUSEconcerning the recent terror plot in PUNJAB by pakistan-based militants, there is an URGENT NEED For us to PROVIDE BULLET-PROOF jackets to every policeman in our country and please increase new technological screening systems so that we can IDENTIFY ANY UNKNOWN TERRORIST who COULD IN our INDIAN ARMY UNIFORM to bloff our border security personnel.Infact pakistan HAS ONCE AGAIN PROVED THAT IT IS LIKE A POISONOUS SNAKE IN THE BED OF SAARC.
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, WE NEED SECRET TECHNOLOGY ofNUCLEAR-DIFFUSEconcerning the recent terror plot in PUNJAB by pakistan-based militants, there is an URGENT NEED For us to PROVIDE BULLET-PROOF jackets to every policeman in our country and please increase new technological screening systems so that we can IDENTIFY ANY UNKNOWN TERRORIST who COULD IN our INDIAN ARMY UNIFORM to bloff our border security personnel.Infact pakistan HAS ONCE AGAIN PROVED THAT IT IS LIKE A POISONOUS SNAKE IN THE BED OF SAARC.
0 0 Respected sir, sir bharat sarkar ki charchit yojna MID DAY MEAL jo ki pure desh main chal rahi hi aur uske kya hal hi apko bi pata hai. mera apse anurodh hi ki plz star plus ke famous show MASTERCHEF ke winner aur participant ko ap iska mauka de jis se rojgar or ache quality ka kana bi bacho ko milaga ap ye mauka AMUL company ko bi de sakte jo kud is ko sponcer kare PP model ke tehat
0 0 Dear respected sir, Avishkar is the base of skill development which help to innovate new inoovation or think, which help to develop all criative studens for new avishkar, ensure and counduct an exam in all over india leval for only innovater students or people's and open an innovation institutetion in all state.
0 0 I wish to putforth on carrying of books by students. We in India follow text book and Notebook methods, agreed which is from ages, as we are marching towards digital India, we can always allow students by providing TAB's with limited access so as to curtail ton's of loads been carried by the students and the amount been spent towards purchase of material. TAB's should be economical. There are gadgets for such purposes as well corporates like Wipro etc can release such with reasonable price.
0 0 Avishkar or innovation will not happen by asking people to do it. We need to create an environment to allow it to happen. Govt needs to have though process to seed in money on ideas that are of use to the govt. This will push industries to also do similar effort. Not all get angel investors.
0 0 Principal Govt Sr Sec School, Bandhara Teh. Nokha Distt. Bikaner Rajasthan
0 0 honorable prime minister, we have developed a online network for the advancement of skill development, research, innovators, and learners that is a platform for students and developers to make Science, Mathematics and Technology exciting where people with common interests, science, digital art or electronic can meet, socialize and collaborate to expand the knowledge and contribute towards in research. Share their ideas, problems, research work, technical presentation, solve MCQ question.
0 0 Dear PM sir, please you look at my pdf attachment. thank you sir,
0 0 Dear Sir, Please establish "Discovery Centers" in each city where schools and families can visit and get awareness about science and technology. One discover center in each city can serve all the local schools and families. There can be a nominal charge to get registered. The discovery center run science and technology camps time to time. The discovery centers will be networked with big institutions like ISRO, DRDO, IITs, NITs and AIIMS etc. The kids can learn without pressure of books. Thanks.
0 0 Dear PM sir, I have a candidate who is working on power generating from magnet and he has succeed about his project  but there is no any type support with him so I request you please support him
0 0 Dear sir, We can arrange a competition on all india level to invite different innovations and inventions too. Students can participate in the same and can gather together to participate. With this way we can find different innovative ideas in all fields. I am an aeronautical engineer and i have mu own ideas.. i can also participate in the same if i could get a chance. Please do make a comment on this.
1 0 One of the best way is to open a portal and ask people to submit their research ideas under different categories and they can be supported by government of India. I will be eagerly waiting for this to be implemented. Also, please establish some Public Incubation Centres where students who cannot afford different devices or instruments, can work there and produce something great #makingIndiaDigital #MHRD #MyGov
0 0 It is important to raise Standard of education in all spheres and Levels,Art and culture also I humbly request you to look personally into strike of FTII. Mr. Chauhan is not the best representive of our art and culture.RESOLVE this EXPIDITELY PLEASE.IF bjp will not solve this sagaciously soon. You will be blamed to be complacent and ineffective
0 0 It is important to raise Standard of education in all spheres and Levels,Art and culture also I humbly request you to look personally into strike of FTII. Mr. Chauhan is not the best representive of our art and culture.RESOLVE this EXPIDITELY PLEASE.IF bjp will not solve this sagaciously soon. Youu will be blamed to be complacent and ineffective.
0 0 This is a very good initiative and I think a good way to make it successful among students is by giving weekly courses in different software and technology and also, organising events offering different courses in technology with participatory certificates at schools. Similar events on different technologies are commonly seen in many engineering  colleges.
0 0 Sir the best way is we can use motherland  in science stream whether its engineering ya not Because kalam says Mai safal isliye ho saka kyunki meri padai meri motherland language hui & Japan also prefer own language so why we can't do this. It's better way sir. Thank u jai hind
0 0 Currently the purpose of education has not been well defined in Indian circumstances. Students go to school just for the sake of going as if it is a social compulsion of many reasons. It is in this context initiatives like this hold relevance. The focus should be on guiding each and every inquisitive mind to realise their true potential and know themselves where they can contribute their best in future. So the path should be student centric with technology driven.
0 0 Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is very good programme for quick and qualitative development of various Items and also development of Nation. I want to suggest that,there are so many areas in which development required, e.i. agricultural,education, medical,employment,industries in various areas, petrolium,solid and suiz waste utility,Information technology,accountancy, taxation,road,traffic,taxation, etc. so many research institute for various object with full infrastructure and facilities given..
0 0 Namaskar all of my friends, I have some ideas regarding job. there was one rule that same salary for same qualification for all companies.One organisation established which is undertaking by govt. and all companies (both govt.,private) are register and recurit the employ through this organisation.One candidate apply or join only one company if he change the company 1st he resign his 1st company,then he apply for next. This is the one and.......................
2 0 hello frdz my name is abhilash r sakhare electrical engineerring student main free electrcity or pollution free india banane ke liye kuch socha hai
0 0 Sir, Mahtma Phule must be awarded with "Bharat Ratna" as soon as possible, because they strengthened the education in India.
0 0 Today Candidates who want job they get cheated they are asked to pay money for jobs, they run from place to place for job even when they are qualified & they have potential, I want to give them job at One point & One location without any issues, so that they are happy. I want to meet you once lets see when if this msg gets noticed Iam ready to travel till Delhi Just Give me a opportunity. This Campaign will be launched City By City & State by State. Regards, Deepak Tiwari 8422080117.
0 0 Job is the most critical issue for every Indian, I have made a setup & There are many other substitutes that can be involved and we can generate heavy Job opening for everyone, we will recruit maximum people against the openings today I am working for 5000 Job Openings Pan India, If PM level person shows his involvement then we can generate lacs n lacs of job openings for many people and we can make India happy. Please Help me sir just want to meet you & take your guidance. Deepak Tiwari.
1 0 Hi Sir, Just Like Kalamji had a vision of India 2020( India Super Power by 2020), I also have a vision for 2020 that Every family in India should have 1 Bread Earning Member. I have a small plan which I want to execute on national level and give Jobs to every needy individual, I tried meeting many people but no one has time for common man please help me meet you once you are a man with dynamic excellence under your guidance I can make India happy :) Deepak Tiwari. 8422080117 Recruitment sp
0 0 Sir, pls change your rules and give more chance to all types of people for new innovation, Sir abhi tak govt ka kafi kuch logo tak pahocga hi nahi hai jise log age aye or innovation know bare me soche, kafi log ase hai jo abhi apni puri study money problem ki vajah se padh nahi pate hai, Modi ji aapki ak awaz se kafi volunteer ready ho jaye ge jo har village Street me pahoch jaynge or puri jankari lege or logo ko bahar layenge pls think on it.
0 0 Sir, the abhiyan shall only be successful in the coming time when the mind-set of children be developed from beginning of their schooling in invention & discovery fields. Children should be encouraged to develop their natural instincts towards invention. School curriculums & syllabus required a great changes to adept children to the scientific temper. A period of small projects after initial technical knowledge according to age group of students should be started in all schools. This may help...
0 0 PM Sir, we have to become realistic to ignite the hearts of our children/youth. Dr. Kalam and his works can be a best material to always put in front of our upcoming generations. This will be a true motivation if we shall give vide publicity what Dr. Kalam has done and achieved for Nation. I mean to say the achievements by Scientist Kalam not by our loved President Kalam
0 0 This is really a great step towards the search of hidden scientific talent like the great Dr Kalam. My suggestion would be; Creative/Discovery classes in schools with prizes for top one. District level workshop in each QTR with annual scholarship and publication for top 3 creativity. State & National level competition & scholarship. The national competition must be telecast (mandatory) in all Indian channel at prime time. The promotion and award must be lucrative to compete other shows.
0 1 We should focus on interest based skill development of youth and children. The best way to take this forward will be to encourage our diverse industry base  to collaborate at various stages of education and allow youth and children to experience the work and make an informed decision for their future.
2 0 To ignite the children's mind, we will have to focus more on practical rather then theories, so for that we will have to set-up more engineering work shop and laboratories, so children's can do some creativity actually.
0 0 Sir,Success of the Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan shall be the true tribute to Dr.A.P.J.Kalam(former President of India)the launching of  this programme that was presided by The Late Dr. Kalam.Biography of Dr Kalam should be included in the sylabus of all schools to get children inspiration from him.
0 0 children are the flowers to blossom if provided correct atmosphere, so in order to encourage , these children should first be made aware of latest updates and technology in different fields, and also to discuss deeply about there interests with specialists and psychologists in order to find there requirement and nurture really innovative ideas , specially for the under privileged students
0 0 Mentoring one student might lead to one new idea or innovation, but motivating one teacher to foster innovation in his students could provide long terms benefits to the country. Teachers provide the guidance and direction to students. In order to channelize students in right direction, teachers must be trained to provide proper guidance. Teachers from Govt. schools can be sent for educational trips to the 'Mentoring Institutions' where they can see how drastically the world is changing.#MyGov
2 0 Inventions can be continuous when cheap imitation is not feared.we can ensure that these inventors are given job/constant remuneration by firms who commercialise these innovations and the copyright remain with the inventor for 10-15 years at least.credits should be properly given to the inventor.this will only encourage more inventions and also secure the future of the bright minds.
2 0 Most important thing that has to be done immediately is enriching current teaching force with knowledge and ethics. No use of starting hundreds of Institutes. The teachers/lecturers who are admitted during last 2 to 3 decades need to be enriched. Also, immediately control poor quality Ph.d's, M.Techs. There is no use of having un-qualified teachers in the society. They become un-ethical in due course. This is the thing happened during last 2-3 decades in Indian Universities. we need to stop.
0 0 Interactions will be stronger at a personal level. So,  science students should be allowed to volunteer for this program where each student adopts one child.  This interaction can be facilitated by the institutions. This can create a lot of teachers who are self motivated and hence could make this program a success. For teaching,  the first step is to find the right teacher and then assist in creating an environment where the teacher and student can share ideas.  Hope you will consider the idea.
0 0 A child's interest can be sparked when all senses are involved,  feeling,  seeing,  listening, writing..  A strong combination of all these can initiate thought and imprint ideas. I remember that the trips to museums of science had done all the above.  Today,  for the number of schools and students available, science museums are not developing and accessible. My suggestion is that the government and community should develop science museums and make visits to these museums a part of curriculum.
0 0 Whenever we will not connected all school and college and university with a central institution  we can never know who is the Kalam. So we should connect all lead school and colleges and university with this ABHIYAN.
1 0 my dear  friend I am master guddu rao and hail from madhepura (bihar)
3 0 For Rashtriya Aviskar Abhiyan, more attention is require on basic science subjects because maximum students choose engineering or medical or civil services.Due to this we have only selected students for science subjects.For this:We should provide facility,funds and a good infrastructure in one lead college and one lead  school in each district.These school and colleges should have one good and modern laboratory and one seminar hall and these school and these should connected with central lab.
0 0 Respected PM, you have given encouragement to people all over the world to learn Yoga. But lets not forget Yoga can't be performed if one is having neck pain, backache, knee pain etc. But with knowledge of Art of Self Healing one experiences relief in pain problems in a minute or two. Combining Yoga and ASSH can be very useful. Please give Lions Club Mumbai Sujok to prove its efficacy. www.lionsactiontv.com
0 0 Respected PM LionsClubMumbaiSujok teaches Army Police NCC n NSS volunteers, general public Art of Self Healing since 1998. We have posted over 100 videos on YouTube. Even an illiterate can learn it. Persons knowing Self treatment for Pain, Weakness, Improving Immune System by noninvasive, complementary have little chance of falling sick. Please give us a chance to prove the efficacy of system. Beside improving health of country it will create self employment opportunities for millions.
1 0 Sir, my views are that schools work for mostly 225 days in a year and the rest of the days should be utilised by conducting open forums by inviting interested students to attend. And they must be invited without any book or pen & pencil. They must be given live situations of the problems faced by the government like tackling any disaster/rescue management. And guide them how to tackle it, not only disasters but on subjects of agriculture(which crops give better yield and yield time, conditions)
1 0 @My GOV: Respected PM, This initiative of launching RAA for mentoring of schools and children through mentoring institutions like IITs,NITs,IISERs.....is going to definitely ignite the minds of hidden potential. Sir, if we celebrate "RASHTRIYA AVISHKAR DIWAS" ON 15th OCTOBER EVERY YEAR as an tribute to missile man Bharatratna DR. A.P.J.ABDUL KALAM  which will become a driving force in real sense to creatively involve individuals to join the movement FOR NEW SCIENTIFIC INNOVATIONS.
0 0 Sr i think no need to create curiosity among young mind towards science and mathematics..there are so many young people who are graduate in science even I am also a Mechanical  Engineer. But we people are not getting proper opportunity to show and use our skills . Very first You should make sure that every science professional  is getting opportunity or not. Its my opinion Sir. Thank you
0 0 respected prime minister.today we all frnd were discusing abt hw to save people if they were killed r murderng in front of us.we find that we cant do nythng because we were not protected after saving anyone life.let me explain ths,Take the example of Delhi,girl stabbed 35 times if anyone save went to save the girl then of course the girl was saved bt y no one save him bcz they know they went to court lot of times as far as case is gone.. so make some system that people face problem atleast..
1 0 To ignite young minds you need to provide them with a large source of knowledge and their natural curiosity will take over. Now Internet is a great source but also uncontrolled, with a high chance of polluting young minds. The other day I was discussing about supplying e Ink based readers like Kindle Paperwhite (just an example) to children in school. This allows teachers and management to fill it with not just course curriculum but also with other books. NO load to carry, easy on eyes...
2 0 jharkhand exp. train no.-12818: conditions of railway time table are worst. train departure time is 7:45PM from Anand vihar but train still standing on outer...4:30 hrs with mosquito, without proper fan & lighting facilities.more than 20 train has been passed till now conditions of railway time table are worst. train departure time is 7:45PM from Anand vihar but train still standing on outer...4:30 hrs with mosquito, without proper fan & lighting facilities. have a right to know the actual reason for the same? if gov. have right to upgrade cost of ticket then it must have some liabilities. we are paying handsome of money for our journey...Getting worst experience. there are no worth of our money & ofcourse time. passenger & maalgadi train. have a right to know the actual reason for the same? if gov. have right to upgrade cost of ticket then it must have some liabilities. we are paying handsome of money for our journey...Getting worst experience. there are no worth of our money & ofcourse time. thanks
0 0 Terrorist Infiltration in Indian Army dresses is a very critical issue for nations security. We should invent something in the direction to figure out the difference between Armedvforces and terroririst dresses.
0 0 Yes i am completely agree with you sir. Solid Waste management will be a big threat in coming future.It affects big cities ,towns ,villages. Although there are some great contradictory examples like warangal and chandigarh with good planned systems.It should be started somehow on every level and your idea is very good.
0 0 Research should be the constant and continuous process in the life of each people and also for the nation.There should be mass programme of reserch, competition on reaserch, lecture and meeting or workshop on research etc. should be the part of reserch institute. reserch should be in all area of things to be reserch, but, if the specific area or thing which require more important to give relief and benifit in large, priority of reseach should be given more in such types of things or matters.
0 0 Hello sir, Make things more innovative to grab kids attention with technology aids & R&D should increase its scope. The faculty should also have patience in handling kids and explaining out of the box info. Create innovative projects, competitions and teach importance of technology. Awareness of technology should be introduced to all common men. I would like to see India in a much much better way as far as education is concerned. Waiting for revolution in education! thank u, Jai hind
1 0 every person have skill but they not get oppertunity because of finanacial problem or they can not get proper guidence form better insistitution so now we can see very few painter, writer etc .in this area govt. have to do lot,  they have to open institution at low cost
0 0 I also wish to contribute and donate the earnings of our techno based tea stalls to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's ''Avishkar Abhiyan'' so that the children of our country may become Scientists to fulfill Dr. Kalam's vision and his dream of India 2020. Therefore, I request here to my Ministry of Communication and IT to kindly grant me the permission for my proposal. I shall be highly obliged if I am granted permission for this.
1 0 . Later on, we plan to open a series of these Techno Tea stalls in as many as possible engineering colleges all over the country so that we can take the Digital India Program further ahead. We would make the first Digital Village in India using the ICICI Bank and would try to engage and connect the children in the villages to the Digital India Program.
1 0 we should motivate children to join govt schools by making govt schools the best with latest technology and best teachers
0 0 Selfi with tree abhiyan
0 0 Please kindly grant me a permission for this program and transfer me to CPMG, Lucknow under Rule 38 where I would begin and open this proposed India's first Techno based Tea stalls in Engineering colleges in Lucknow where the students and college staff would be able to order tea in 25 varieties using mobile app and Whatsapp app. These Techno Tea stalls will be open 24 hours. We would later add other items like food and coffee to our proposed stalls.
0 0 so that these poor students may get admission in the prestigious IITs to take the name and fame of our country in higher level education, science and research fields. We also plan and wish to open computer centers in villages to provide free computer education to village children. I want to do all this under the Honourable Prime Minister's Digital India Program.
0 0 We three together want to open India's first Techno based Tea Stall Series in Engineering collages all over India. We plan to contribute our earnings from the proposed Techno based Teas stalls to further open an IIT JEE coaching named as "Top 100" which would conduct exam all over India and then select 100 poor IIT aspirant students in the country. These students will be given coaching for IIT-JEE by engineering students and graduates from IITs
0 0 I wish to do something for the children of the villages under the Digital India Program of Honourable Prime Minister. Me along with two of my friends, one is an Assistant Manager at the Bank of India and the second is PhD Researcher currently working in Germany after finishing his MS in computer science from the Technical University of Munich, Germany are really inspired by the Digital India Program.
0 0 To, Honourable Minister, Ministry Of Communication & IT, New Delhi Through The SPOs , Etawah Division, Etawah Sub: Regarding India’s First Techno Based Tea stall series under Hon’ble Prime Minister Digital India Programme Respected Sir, I listened to the 10th ''Man ki Baat'' this Sunday. I am Avinash Tripathi, currently working at the Department of Post as a Postal Assistant at the Etawah division. I have done B.Tech from the B.K Birla Institute of Engineering & Technology
0 0 SIR avishkar should be a nation pride,eco-friendly,people centric,human development,easy available,nation growth.
0 0 Research & development should not be limited to the teaching institutions of the country, but also taken to the masses. There are enough capable brains available outside these institutions who are busy developing JUGAD solutions affecting our daily lives. We must harness them by providing financial support through various "Research Boards".
1 0 India has vast Untapped Regional Knowledge Base about their Culture and Heritage. We have to Create National Knowledge pool about Indian Culture from every Regions Resources. This will give boost for Patritisom and Respect for their Culture.
0 0 Innovations are possible when opportunities are created for the inherent curious mind of children by promoting and encouraging them to observe, think and ask questions right from childhood, both at home and educational centers. Moreover, lessons on teamwork through stories and hands-on activities are just as essential for instilling the values of pooling in the talents of all. Win-win for all. Teacher training may be needed to accommodate new teaching styles and strategies.
0 0 Policies will not achieve its shore until their is lack of deep study behind the problems. I did M.Sc(Physics) from BHU but currently I'm working in a Bank. The reasons lies in the culture of Research and the surrounding Environment that is spoiling its soul. The Govt. needs to identify the problem and should focus on the Research scholars that are very much interested in Science but facing various problems while pursuing it. What you are giving to them??? What they want??
2 0 Our Scientist should find out or generate plastic eating bacteria. Bacteria who can decompose plastic waste within a year. Plastic waste is biggest threat for life on earth.We should avoid using plastic in our daily life.
2 0 Tell the importance of the Science and Mathematics before start teaching the subject in schools. Tell them how, when & where we use. Give examples & case studies like short stories. Create an opportunity for all kids & young people to own advanced technology & hardware parts to play games (like Xbox, PlayStation), access Scfic movies & research details (Like MOM) this will create interest in people to understand how these things are made then they will start liking and dreaming to make their own
0 0 We can use the amateur skills of the students studying Engineering course and also those of people who although not trained, have the knack of Engineering.
2 0 A great step taken by MHRD as a tribute for Bharat Ratna Late Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam. The abhiyan can create contests and giving prizes are not enough but the contests should  make the student realize in which field he/she is strong enough and can pursue his/her dreams... Jai Hind
1 0 ???? ?? ??? ???? ???? ???? ???? ??? ???? ????? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ???? ??? up ?? ?? ?????? ????? ???? ?????? ???? ????? ?? ?? ??? ???? ?? ??? ??? ?? ???? ?? ? ??? ?? ?? ?? ????? ???? ?? ?? ? ???? ???? ??
1 0 The hge money is being spent for achieving targeted goals. Everywhere ,we find gaps in targets and achivements.Where is the fault ? Many young minds are becoming frustrated due to lack of opportunities. Parents are in confusion where do they admit their wards. Teacher is a kingpin in the entire educational gamut. A big gap is found in demand for school and demand for school teacher. I humbly request our Prime Minister to make policy in view of the demand for school and teacher education.
0 0 There are problems in achieving 100% literacy in India.The first decade, after Independence,had been taegeted for achieving universalisation of Elementary education.India has been in seventh decade for achieving 100% literacy. Plans and policies of the Governments have been in operation since Independence.The 1964-66 NPE& 1986-NPE are the only comprehensive national policies on education.After a gap of 20 years ,the new policy on education is on public domain for wide discussion.
0 0 Teachers to be trained well to teach how to create interest in children and in their way of teaching. Mathematics should be taught like with history and children should be allowed to think and make them derive something out. Explore mathematical ideas, mysteries and social activity out of it. Regarding Science create a good environment so the kids engage their senses to sort, investigate, categorise, handle, observe and build their own ideas and explore with great fun around them.
0 0 sir first take the school students during the school studies to nearby standard institute and university .from that you give an information to collage students come and share ur knowledge to school.
0 0 Respected PM sir. we want to your speach at Independance day on Save of Water for our future generation. At present big amount of water losses by different community.Now your idea fallowers very large number in world.
0 0 High School students must be exposed to industrial visits, science cities, Planetariums etc at least once a year. A students symposium including essay competition, Scientific and Mathematical Debates, Research Fortnight ( which gives at least 15 topics to each school to research and transform that group research into a three thousand words report/ paper within that fortnight should be arranged annually compulsorily for each high school be it rural, semi urban or urban, national or local funded.
0 0 corruption can be removed only by digitilasation. most of the officer do not want to work with computer. computer itself is an intelligent clerk which do not do any mistake. insist the officer to work with computer
0 0 with constant disruption on parliament a speech to text programme should be developed so that the person speaker can voice his speech or points which can be seen on a giant screen in case of oppostions constant screami
0 0 Can we do away with religion and cast based politics and think in more holistic pattern Sir.I am a big fan of yours and have a strong feeling that you will change the scenario and bring an holistic approach in politics to think of the bigger picture about development of Nation. For proper development we need to promote people with requisite skills to specific organisation and reservations will dilute this agenda.
0 0 Promoting skill development based education system. Present education system is based on creating white collar jobs say for eg a person who is a mason by profession but during his education he hardly learnt any details about his work rather he studied algebra ,biology etc which was not of much use in his future life.
0 0 p.m sir has stated "swash bharat abhiyan" it means dont dump your garbage on the road.so i wants to ask that where are the dust bin. if i m having something on the road and not thows thats refer and put that in my pocket. so where i dump, then i have to find a dustbin whick can be at so far away. so the main moto of my is that IF POPLE GET DUSTBIN BY THEN WHILE THEY ARE EATING OF BUYING AND DUMPING THE GARBAGE ON POLYTHIN NEAR BY THE DUSTBIN THEN THE GARBAGE WILL NOT APPEAR ON THE ROAD
0 0 when India can produce Dr A.P J Abdul Kalam , so we can Produce hundred and Thousand real hero like Dr kalam . we need to have constant vigil by local administration and awareness programme to inspire youth and unskilled , special focus on Girl and women as these two ares are to be improvised and we can have hundred and thousands national heros , scientist and R&D persons-Jai Hind
0 0 when India can produce Dr A.P J Abdul Kalam , so we can Produce hundred and Thousand real hero like Dr kalam . we need to have constant vigil by local administration and awareness programme to inspire youth and unskilled , special focus on Girl and women as these two ares are to be improvised and we can have hundred and thousands national heros , scientist and R&D persons-Jai Hind
0 0 Teachers are important for building interest other than family. I think everyone should get a chance to peep into the world of fantasy of science. Education is becoming a business today. If a student can be given a quality education at lower rate then he/she will definitely find interest in this field. Only drawback is that maximum is not getting a propoer chance. Its my request to all the qualified persons to provide education at a lower rate to the students and show them a way of success
1 0 1-Instead of knowing 'what'would be its answer try to know 'why' would it be the answer.Ex what is the value of sin30* = 1/2 but why 1/2 is the value of sin30*.its mot thought 2-Connect the maths with practical and the realistic approach of life.ex it is thought how to get volume of cylinder but if it gets connected with glass of water or a roof tank, children'd have curiosity to play with it in their day to day life. 3-feel it, treat urself as a prospect  and then live it and solve it.
0 0 Nice initiative.Naming this campaign with Hon Abdul Kalam would be a tribute for him
0 0 This is a very high level idea that will help in infrastructure and civil development in India.we need a remedy management (ticket management system) thru wic critical services will be assigned to pwd workers of that area and they should also have an SLA timelines, based on the severity of the civil work have to be taken care immediately. These will be monitored by citizens thru app and this way any civil lag can be monitored and India will have better roads.
0 0 Till 5th standard we should have to give moral education and social education to our children.
0 0 #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv way to teach science ,mathematics and tech.
1 0 Please like others idea on this site, if u agree with that. Because we should respect others thought.
0 0 Here is my innovation for rural students to learn technology, AppBoard : “AppBoard is an online/offline platform which provides technology education to rural kids in their own regional languages”. Adv: Works both online and offline, so people from rural parts where there is no connectivity can still use the application. Online teaching will be provided in regional languages like Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, etc, Goal: Is to bring more Tech Innovators from the rural part of the country.
0 0 DEAR MODI JI, PAKISTAN JESE CHOTE DESH NE APNE DESH KI LANGUAGE CHANGE KAR LEE AFTER 68 YEARS OF BRITISH RULED HE HAS CHANGE THE LANGUAGE BUT AS INDIA WE ARE A GOOD AND SUCCESSES COUNTRY WHY WE CAN REMOVE THE ENLISH PLZ............ KRIPYA APNE DESH KI LANGUAGE HINDI KAR DO TO DESH KI TARRKI ME 90% GROWTH HO JAYEGI............
1 0 kalam sir was only intended to fulfill his dream to make india a economic power just with the help of youth of india,kalam is no more but his dream is still alive,now its our task to make his dream come true....#vision2020
1 0 in different level everyday there is a innovation achieved which is not reached at the administration, for this purpose the grassroot government workers should identify these innovators and started recognising them. this can change the scenario and help us to be in touch with such initiative..
0 0 Innovators' identification,  their encouragement and facilities for up scaling innovations are required as college and university levels.
4 0 Dear Sir, Dr. Kalam sir was a noble human being. He reinstated that heights of socio-economic development as well as of scientific development run parallel. I believe that by including his vision, achievements and life lessons in the syllables of primary and secondary education will not only increase sensitivity of students, parents and teachers towards higher education in science & R&D but also will serve a significant step towards realisation of making India a knowledge superpower.
0 0 PLS READ..... translate TO ENGLISH
1 0 1. From 8th class onward project work should be made compulsory. 2. Project should be based on interest of students in any field (should not be forced by teacher or school of their choice). 3. Make part time work experience compulsory from 10th onward for few weeks.
0 0 Sir KALAM's DAY:  Request, please consider an idea below .. Please find attached PDF .. Request to call Sir KALAM's Day as "Innovator's Day" ..
0 0 KALAM MEMORIAL: Propose to the govt. to set up a memorial in respect of Bharat Ratna Dr. APJ ABDUL KALAM at his native place Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu.  An archives of all the true facts related to his life- child hood, poverty, struggle, school live, education, dreams, determination, college days, profession, scientific research, achievements, contributions, writing, publications, books, vision, documentaries etc. to exhibit journey of the great son of India to inspire thousands of fellow citizen.
0 0 Sir, It’s very painful to inform  you that we are B.Tech trainee of M-Doner  Group Placed in CIPET  patia cumps-1 Bhubaneswar In Course of CNC programming and machining for tools development (09/02/2015-08/08/2015) Sir we are facing a lot of problem in doing this training program
0 0 Science fiction has played a vital role in the lives of majority of science pursuers throughout the world. An inspiring tale can always influence young minds in a good way, that would collectively help humanity to unravel the truth about the universe.(2/2)
1 0 to fulfill the dream of president Dr A.P.j . Abdul Kalam sir vision 20-20  and the dream of priminister Modiji Digital India we want to give knowledge of Information technology along with traditional subjects knowledge to our students which develop 21st century life skills job skills and industry required skills among students. Our students students are very important to achive the goal of vision 20-20 & digital India. IT'S request to my government to add IT subject in the list of granted subjec
0 0 Apart from many ideas that have already been presented, I think what plays a major role in influencing anybody to like or dislike anything is media. Media can be put to good use by promoting science and technology that would enthrall young minds by the countless possibilities that pursuing science and mathematics could open. There are many science shows already available on cable, but the question is how accessible are they? Other types of such can include promoting science fiction. (1/2)
0 0 Me sir aapko aapni tuti futi basha me ku mul tatv batana chahata hu aaj aapne har cig par dyan diya he par mera aapse nivedan he ki in sab jo sabase jaruri h un par aap samay na bitaye kyu ki aaj kisan ki dard koi nahi jan pa raha kisan bahut dukhi he aap aapne kishan ko majbut banane ka kam jaldi kare kyu ki vah tutane laga he usaki har cij ka bav usake karch se jyada hi raha he jab vah market me lta usa samay bav nahi milata h bahut kcha kahana chahata hu aapse par muge yah  lagataki ap dyande
0 0 SIR, with due respect i manoranjan swain likely to inform you that there is a school in our locality called MUNICIPAL CORPORATION GOVT. HIGH SCHOOL BARAMUNDA BBSR.FEW local people are staying in side the school area.they have acquired the school lands for their own purpose.They are creating so many problems and make the disturbance for the student inside the school like 1.Staying illegally inside school compound 2.creating unusual environment for the school
0 0 Respected Sir, My IDEA for Minimize The City Pollutaion and Traffic. Watch the Video On LOGISTIC TRANSPORT WITH LOCAL TRAINS AND METRO RAILS IN MAJOR CITY'S OF INDIA
0 0 ideas which cannot be done within the limited framework of classroom thinking.Innovative ideas expressed by students shall be given special grades.Each topic in syllabus can be thrown as a challenge for all including teachers experts in the field to bring up innovative ideas for teaching the topic in the most fruitful manner.The best ideas will be adopted and followed.
0 0 continuation of my 1st post..Main iske liye school ko blame karunga. Mera maths me bahut interest h but my dad wants me to be an engineer thats ewe... and the thing here is my future,my carrier is not decided by me but by my dad. and thats the major problem with student. Dream is that key which decides one country's fate not his/her faith, and that is what i feel. What if i be an engineer i'll rather work but what if i follow maths may be i beacame a scientist and have an Abel Prize and more.
0 0 Sir our education system teach a lot of theories with little focus on application ie its utility in daily life.Even question both in exams are asked based on your ability to learn by rote learning.This can be changed by bringing emphasis on application part through more illustrative examples,animations,challenges for students to bring possible remedies for a problem etc..Discussion forum can be launched with the help of experts in the field whereby students shall bring forth their doubts as well
1 0 RAA should promote low cost no cost approach..the pupil should be given bookish as well as technological knowledge.the technology should be viable,ecofriendly as well as more productive.along with innovation their should be value addition.RAA should emphasize on solar power,rainwater harvesting,ecological balancing etc
0 0 Its my first time here,and i'm going to say truth we student feels at college. I'm from UIT-RGPV Bhopal. mere college wale baat karte h ki kuch innovate karo par ye hum maximum student se nahi hota because we are not provided with that type of environment. Aap foreign ke students ko dekhlo wo 15 years k age main college k models/project banate h par jab hum 15 years k age me the tub hum dumb the.
0 0 The science and computer labs of 58 UG colleges of NE India have been upgraded with equipment under DST funded NER-FIST project. Similar programme had also been carried out through out india including J&K. Now, if we can provide proper training to the students, it may help in the above programme. Moreover, we may utilize the manpower of the various scientific labs situated in the respective states to achieve the objectives.
0 0 The Hon'ble Government of India should inject at the grassroot level.Students in rural areas need to be inspired through posters,documentaries,interviews,etc.For the Urban students having access to the internet,they should be made aware through social networking sites,uploading videos on YouTube(a Google channel)and making it popular with the help of the Google team.It should be a CHAIN REACTION with maximum output.Practical application is way more important than the theoretical aspect.
0 0 It is a very a good idea.But the first thing the government should do is to develop the infrastructure of the schools. Most of the schools mostly in westbengal have no environment to do work to avishkar any thing new.
1 0 1. Students should be taken to nearby science, maths musiem/exhibition/Seminars 2. Biology students should be taken to Zoo/Park 3. I see there is no chance to rural/urban government school doing this. 4. Should me made mandatory by allocating fund 5. This ignites young mind to attach in a subject urge them to explore !!
1 0 There should be inter-school competition on MODEL UNITED INDIA. Where Students from each school shall be selected based on its unique idea of how he wants to see his city/country. If he starts dreaming about his vision & starts planing steps required for it, I guess this will be his first step towards AVISHKAR(Invention).Which can lead him to success.Also a group of such students should be nurtured at one of schools where all such innovative minds are put together with good mentors.
0 0 In that situvation When we look into education sector, Most of the teachers are working for salaries but not for bulding country by making students shine in their interested areas of education.  Out of all teachers almost many teachers teaching students without knowing how to teach. No skill nothing.Dear Modi ji please focus on teaching teachers to teach students in a better way to make them county builders with huge skill at work, responsibility for family, commitment for country todo sacrifise
0 0 There is a lot of hidden talent in every student at least in any one area for sure who born with Indian blood. No doubt about it. But here creating the curiocity is not a problem. The problem is lack of committed teachers.I feel the Worlds Best top 3 services are Education, Health and politics.
0 0 Sir, Ignition should come from the guru. I my view the root cause is , not having passionate / stalwart teachers in our education system. Children were told to memorize and write exams. Need to focus on crating good teachers and of course need to have a better assessment system.
0 0 it is a good idea..  the schools should be encouraged to promote inventions and a separate funds should be allotted to schools for equipments and other necessities for promoting young talents for inventions and a national level exhibition of inventions should be held and the curriculum in the schools should be modified to encourage inventions .. something like the zee school
2 0 Respected Sir/Ma'am According to me,more seminars, workshops and exibitions should be conducted at school level and to enhance children's knowledge in terms of real world technologies and development, we should arrange video conferencing facility in schools at least once in a month so that high level professionals from institutes like IITs,IIMs etc can give children valuable knowledge and introduce them with real world technologies and can inspire children to do something innovative by giving them practical knowledge so that, children will take interest in new innovations and it will be benificial for children's future...and in this way we can take our first step towards Rashtriya Avishkar. Thank You
0 0 We can suggest to public that they have use natural resource energy equipment as is ,solar panels,solar cells ,wind energy to use any equipment that they are run from natural resource.
0 0 Schools identifying and encouraging the students to inspire them to invent or discover some thing useful to the society. A period in every school should be introduced naming it as "Inquisitive Mind class" where they should invite students to give their ideas on new inventions and discoveries. Each student should give between 1 and 10 new ideas for new and unique ideas to be taken up useful for the society. They should be given additional marks and also prize for such ideas annually.
1 0 one time reservation for socially economically disadvantaged......no reservation for economically well off even if they are socially backward.....system of schorlarships and bankloans for rest all to pursue quality education....and clear cut fees payment policy in all types of institutions be it private or public......how can institute function if they dont charge adequate fees.....untill and unless government starts supporting merit we wil not become a developed country....
2 0 Dr. APJ kalam's birth day should be declared as " Gyan Divas " .
0 0 ONETIME RESERVATION: My respected sir,I am very glad for getting the chance to submit my suggestion for nation building. Sir,reservation in job of different castes should be only one time basis.That is,if anybody gets job by reserving his/her caste, then his/ her son/daughter should not be given the chance of reservation due to caste any more.In this case,no political differences would be raised.
0 0 Give lessons on latest technologies and Inventions done DRDO, ISRO, NASA, and other Indian apps and services.
0 0 To Mr.President and Mrs. Irani, I want to convey that provide some online task to students like , photoshop designs, logo designs, Model Making, CAD drafting, online debate, Video Conference for debates .........etc...which will help students to encourage towards the working through computer and help them in growing their knowledges and skills.
0 0 Respected PM Mr Modi Ji, I am here suggesting to utilize the vacant land of railways which is useless since am seeing since 25 years  i am writing on this bcoz in which location i am living (Lalagarh, Bikaner, Rajasthan)there is 100 & 100 yards land in useless and comes in railway boundary,more over many of places in india railway deptt is keeping well size land i think this land can be used in Agriculture (especially in Animal farming, olive plantation(rajasthan govt initiative)...continue
2 0 Sir, Please include the lessons of Dr. A.P.J. Abdul kalam in the text books to inspire the future india
0 0 sir, India has got enormous potential. Definitely pool of ideas are floating among billions of  Indians . Make a section in this portal which allow us to contribute our research/ experiments for assistance/guidance/financial help /approval from the esteemed Technical/Medical Institutions such as DRDO,ISRO,IITs, etc.It should be a private forum and it should not be displayed in public unless being approved by the sender. If possible please set up a Think tank forum here similar to linkedIn.
0 0 its a very good initiative.in my opinion task forces of researchers and knowledge providers should be made for proper implementation of the core vision.it will also serve the purpose of collective participation. Prof.Saroj Sharma
0 0 Sir, India has to get rid of correption. Nationalitation of rivers is going to be a biggest task and it should be given priority. Even after 67 years of independence we are still having quote system?Do the really needed are getting it . we have to improve with our education for that quote system has to be eradicated.
0 0 If we want to promote Research and innovation it should be start from Higher education level or graduation level. There should be open competition in research like Ranji Trophy and other competition. Also one program on DD National for Innovation similar to Indian idol or other but for research
2 0 Request if possible. He is the great person,scientist,president.RIP Dr. APJ ABDUL KALAM. A man who is known as missile man.
0 0 My experience regarding innovation is very poor with Modi Government. I sent a revolutionary innovation to PMO and Ministry of Food Processing(MOFPI), which has a potential to provide highly nutritional food to poor at low cost, but my proposal was rejected by the Ministry. The same proposal was accepted by China and by even some industries in India. Modi govt. only talks about innovations and promotion in research, but reality is just opposite. I going to transfer my research to foreigners.
1 0 I Suggest Mr.Modi Ji(PM of INDIA) & The Indian People to have one language (preferably Hindi) in all Indian Schools. And the people of all parts of Inida(North/South/East/West) should be well versed with that language to communicate and correspond with. Beacuse as time goes on security of data/information is important. As IT growing, securing our countries confidential data in our own language from hackers or data grabbers will be served. We should be able to type in Hindi with Hindi Keypad..~
0 0 MY REQUEST TO SMRITI IRANI : 1st arrange to aware students about their future & scope. Large no of students have no idea about their fields after 10th exam, they choose what their friends or family members decide to do. 2. In India, we only focus & prepare ourself to get ready for job. We hesitate to try & innovate in new ideas & new fields. It may observed that doctor son is also a doctor, CA's son is CA, Advocate's son is Advocate.
1 0 There should be practical as well as theory from school so that student should be able to see practical use of theory and understand the concept and there should some training program in students from government institution where the government employee and private sector employee should share there knowledge about the project they are working also give some valuable information to student.
0 0 Subject: - In-Justice with me by ONGC Limited, Ahmedabad Asset. I am trying to get justice from ongc limited, ahmedabad asset since 29.09.2014, but till time no any satisfactory and positive reply received from honorable president sir, honorable vice-president sir, honorable prime minister sir and many more. My struggle is continue against corruption and fixing by general manager, incharge HR-ER of ONGC Limited, Ahmedabad Asset. Kindly give your kind attention on the above subject, please.
0 0 I suggest , the target for mentoring should be an " individual student " not a school. You just need to handshake between the mentees and mentors . The " medium "can be the internet  The " method " is a student logs in the website and posts his question " today gravitation was taught in the class he did not understand keplers law ". One question can have replies from many mentors who are prof or scientist from any location. Also you can provide career guidance through this.
1 0 Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
0 0 To seed a scientific attitude among  the youngsters I would advice the government to have the curriculum of science and maths in various other local languages so that the students can understand better and thus can 'enjoy' the subjects of science and maths. Just like we see the dictionaries in a bilingual format why don't we have our syllabus books in that format too. Also why don't we teach science and maths specially with practical examples and with help of virtual world or animations.
0 0 New Delhi, Jul 28: The government may rename the Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan after former President A P J Abdul Kalam, with HRD Minister Smriti Irani today stating that "I wish his name is associated with the programme" he had launched earlier this month. "I wish his name is associated with the programme as he had himself come forward to inaugurate the programme to encourage students to take up science, technology and mathematics... In the coming years we will try to encourage children to innovat
0 0 #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan India m GDP ka lagbhag 1% hi research k liye kharch hota h.. Students ko research k bare m batana chahiye and unko motivate krna chahiye research k liye... And har states m km se km ek reseach lap hona chahiye jisse students ko jyada dur na jana padhe..
0 0 Dear Team, We need to get the industry closer to the university programmes...I always wanted to do a research...But its very difficult to make into a govt institution...with the competition very high its sometimes difficult to crack one...In that case an IT job is more lucrative..We need the govt industries to innovate to enculcate an environment that can use the research in days to day work...Research should help to make the life of a common man better.
0 0 We must guide them about possibilities in Science in the fields of atomic research, nano technology etc. In this era, we are lacking behind basic sciences such as Physics, Chemistry and Biology while we are leapfrogging in Space and atomic technologies. So we must focus on these basic sciences.
0 0 to change the indian small country and alart the money to correect usein our deportment officer in all india....
0 0 To encourage science and mathematics, we must provide them proper laboratories to carry experiments. They must be encouraged to see natural phenomenon in scientific manner. They should be encouraged to explore basic scientific processes. They must be updated with current scientific activities and relation of these scientific activities with their present curricula. Science teachers must be provided highest standard training and they themselves must be updated with current scientific activies.
1 0 All-out efforts must me made to develop scientific thinking among  the children in the schools and programs organised to  discourage blind faith. The people must have faith in themselves to develop innovations for  their own and national benefis
0 0 four special training institute after bsc/btech With departments like Defence equipments ,Atomic energy,Technical education & Space technology at 1)Chennai 2) Varanasi/ lucknow/Allahabad 3)Patna 4)andhra/Bangalore 5 lakh rupee award for top 20 best project after training
0 0 4 special training institute after bsc/btech at 1)Chennai 2) Varanasi/ lucknow/Allahabad 3)Patna 4)andhra/Bangalore With departments like Defense equipments ,Atomic energy,Technical education & Space technology 5 lakh rupee award for top 20 best project after training
0 0 Subject : Non filling of thousands of vacant seats at IITs, NITs, IIITs and GFTIs. Respected Sir, I would like to draw your kind attention towards a major problem created by Josaa 2015 (Joint Seat Allocation Authority) by not conducting a spot round similar to previous years, due to which  thousands of  seats at IITs, NITs, IIITs and GFTIs are lying vacant. Therefore, I requesting your honour please to intervene into these issues at the earliest to save wastage of precious engineering seats
0 0 Dear sir, For swach Bharath abhiyan Y don't u imply generating Biogas by using green waste in large scale. Biogas can b used for Automobile,Home Gas,Generator...etc
0 0 How about using water as a fuel for all engines. HHO technology. Converting water to hydrogen + hydrogen + oxygen molecules and supplying it to engine.
0 0 Involvement in all science activities with children by parents is most important.
0 0 india is a potent pioneer in research our past reflects it .why we shld depend on foreign research for new avenues .lack of guidelines for youths for becoming scientist to be provided
0 0 While launching the Abhiyan, Abdul Kalam focused on developing the spirit of innovation and experimentation among students. He further laid stress on four qualities of uniqueness: Great Aim, Quest of Knowledge, Hard Work, and Perseverance. Emphasing the value of learning, he added, We learn to live, we learn to think and we learn to learn. He concluded his speech by stressing upon attaching highest value to Science. Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is a unique concept developed by the Ministry of Huma
1 0 Shraddhanjali to Kalam, request that his birthday be named prabudh vaigyanic divas. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan #MyGOv #MHRD
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Ji, abhi hamare priya people's President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalaam Ji ka swargwas hua hai. Kya aap Unka 2020 vision saakaar kar sakte hain. I know ki ese saakaar karne me har ek bhartiya ka yogdaan jaruri hai. So I'm Ready for it. Aur ek baat aur kahna chahta hu ki (agar kisiko galat na lage to) Currency notes me Ganghi ji ke sthan par Kalaam ji ka photo ho. esse jan jan tak Kalaam ji aur unke thoughts ki pahuch hogi.
2 0 Hello sir, I am a student of graduation and I want to be a scientist. But there is no such easy opportunity for it. So, please sir give us opportunities to research at this level. I.e. there should be any activity in the college s in summer vacations etc. Thank you sir
0 0 I would like to request the Government to take care about terrorist, try to appoint more soldiers and arrange more weapons for our  country's safe.
0 0 I had an Idea which i wanted to share with you on inspiring youth of the Nation have attached a small Document on it .
0 0 #MHRD schools and colleges should arrange an educational trips to universities, IITs, IIMs, NITs etc.. to attract students mind towards aiming their goal to certain higher institutions.
0 0 Intervention found in any particular's life, family or contacts by means faith, conscience or law before his full & final maturity and or without his full & final confidence is illegal and a punishable act. Discover the role of private faith masterminds causing discover in every family or setup for their political interest which are illegal and anti individual.
0 0 #MHRD As per concern syllabus of the students on the basis of their class, the schools should have labs equipments, instruments, chemicals(in science labs). students can gain extra knowledge, interest and enthusiasm in labs than in class board teaching. they can learn more from a particular topic in reality in practicals.
0 0 Conscience other than one's birth parents oneness & confidence is a violation. Discover the role of Psycho / Philo Masterminds playing background for their political interests.
0 0 There is no prebirth or rebirth. If there were prebirth and rebirth..there were to be a fixed number of population found on this earth because one birth was to be possible only after a death had taken place. Discover so..!
0 0 I would like to request the Government to start a project on private faith masterminds & their role of conscience...what commonly people term them "HUMANITY". There are lot of blind faiths like prebirth and rebirth ...etc. To my views in the democratic traditions practice of private faith / conscience should be banned or they be put to democratic control unless of which we will have to always face the problems of conflict ions like the term "SECULARISM" causing in India.STOP TRADING HUMANITY
0 0 The Idea of creativity comes from an early age. Syllabus whether State/CBSE/ICSE should be modified.THe CBSE i studied i didn't find even one subject existing except for history and science do you know why because my teacher asked us to perform a play on most of the history topics/events that she took, and science there was one teacher she was keen on students doing projects no matter how ridiculous it was.So creative methods need to be incorporated into the syllabus.
0 0 ADDITIONAL SUBJECT OR RESEARCH SUBJECT MUST BE ADDED WITH SCIENCE COURSE FROM 6TH STANDARD ONWARDS IN WHICH STUDENTS SHOULD BE TAUGHT ABOUT THINGS HAPPENING IN OUR DAILY LIFE LIKE - WHAT MAKES A FAN TO MOVE,WHY THE WATER IN THE POT(GHADA) BECOMES COLD,WHY IT RAINS,ABOUT BEHAVIOUR OF NATURE (BIRTH AND DEATH),HUMAN BEING OCCURENCE ON EARTH,WHERE ARE WE LIVIN- EARTH IN SOLAR SYSTEM IN GALAXY(MILKYWAY) IN UNIVERSE,AND THERE ARE MANY TOPICS WHICH EXCITES AND MAKE STUDENTS CURIOUS TO KNOW ABOUT IT....
0 0 I have one suggesion, regular fine or penalty shall be collected to implement disipline in each and every sector either in transport, railway, city councile or even in parlament. Also, each and every fine/penalty shall be collected either by Post department or online gov account. No authority given to any office to collect fine at same place. It will give benifites to our post department which will get stronger and we can directly reduce corruption by offering any money to related officer.
0 0 Sir, I have an idea of generating additional income through railway. Reducing pollution and traffic in major cities. The entire concept is in (A/V) form. Kindly grant me an appointment to present the content. With regards Manikumar
0 0 its tragic we lost a grate person Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam. I suggest every year his birthday to be celebrated as Avishkar divas, and without limiting it to just school and colleges, make it public by various workshops in every district, if possible. So that everyone can show there skills. Also we need not to limit it to a specific area, inventions can be in maths, literature, science, agriculture etc. also help those researchers financially so that they can have a earning and motivation to carry on.
0 0 I think we need the revamp from roots to have innovation oriented next generation. Schools syllabus/exams should weight more on project work in any subject(even language) For examiners, project work should be evaluated based on standard outcome goals (not project goal but student's capacity to drive the project) This will lead to building capacity to explore unexplored in next generation.
0 0 Mathematical Error in Indian Rubber Statistics. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tXJQGZ6Ne5QEMnTdUqTieMD-ByWET9Hz... Unwanted Import of Raw Natural Rubber to India for low productivity/production. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-u-S1YIwvj5casmfdBHCgAM3b-CfiGig... A presentation with hyper links to get references. https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KLnxz03XKyOkWinaXc4RCQ6TcdhuKcXJ... Economic Loss from irregularities.
0 0 I have a suggestion. Crowdfunding has been used on a wide scale in India and abroad. Websites like kickstarter, indiegogo, crowdsupply are used to fund products. If we bring this into national research, there will be funding from the citizens of India into products.
0 0 Every month at least once one professional should visit a school and share his/her experience. The professional could be policeman, officer, politicians, bureaucrats,  farmer, even street vendor,shopowner, entrepreneur,defense personal,industrialist or any profession. Also the children should have an opportunity to spend a day with these professionals to experience their life. This will help children to decide their future path and also understand the life in a much better way.
1 0 * science is a very interesting subject only if it is thought in a interesting way else its good to sleep in class. * connect all cbse school to a projector and computer. Make interesting presentation, call good professors and make all students to join live atleast once in a month. * one programme should be shown to all schools, differentiate to classes, courses and syllabus. * make presentation in hindi or regional language to make it exciting. * suchlike natgeo,discovery, n al
0 0 You can choose students by organising innovative interviews and select one student from whole city or village. Organise quarterly meetings for project progress reports and trainings. We can day APJ KALAAM INNOVATION CONTEST.
0 0 Dear Mr.PM, You should assign a designer of technology student for every small cities and villages and give chance also to non IITians students , an assigned student after selection should give an innovative ideas for develop his or her city or village if design or idea is good so govt. Must release fund for that, the student have also support of MLAs MLCs, DM and other superiors for completion of project on proper time. This will increase the fire of aviskar.
1 0 * I used to scared of my maths teacher always and many more. Maths can't be thought to all, it can be learned only by the person intrested. * Whereas we can distinguished maths in two parts basic maths and advanced maths. * basic maths will cover all the topic which are used in a common man life and which is necessary. Ex +,-,*,/,% etc. * Whereas as advanced maths will cover topics regarding income tax, trigonometry,  geometry and all.
0 0 For  Improvement farmer economy government need to explore waste to energy project under PPP . group of farmers unitedly incorporates farmers producers company and under PPP model tie -up with technology &investment  with well establish company  .i live in USA and i have verious possibility to bring investment UNDER PPP model in india . i need suitable platform to work for my  mother country.
1 0 this is a good start my truly inspirational narendra modi ji... aapke jehan me jo ye vichar aate h jo bharat ki aam janta se Jude hote h wo sirf isliye aate h q ki aapne wo pal aapne un lamho ko jiya h warna Bharat k pichle 50-60 varsho me aisha kabhi ho jata... me bohat jyada abhibhut hu khush h... aapke saare vicharo se aapki yojnao se..... Sir i have a request that I want to be  a teacher... Mere aas pas takriban 20-30 gaav me n me aapse Wada karta hu k mere dvara padaye Gaye students bohat uchi uchi mukam ko chu lenge ye muje nahi malum... Sir ye waada h wo aapki tarah apni mehnat se khuddari se jina sikh jayenge... Wada h mera ek Moka dijiye chahe uske liye muje Paise mat dijiyega jab tak gaav k kisi sarpanch ya mukhiya ka khat Aapke pas na aaye k aapne bohat acha sikshak Beja hai Jay hind sir
1 0 Sir, First & foremost, PLEASE DEDICATE & NAME THIS 'RASHTRIYA AVISHKAR ABHIYAN" AFTER DR. APJ KALAM. THERE CANNOT BE A BETTER TRIBUTE THAN THIS TO OUR MOST BELOVED INDIAN-RASHTRA RATNA - BHARATHA RATNA DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM. To a question, what he would like to be remembered in the days to come as President, as Missile Man, as Scientist, as Bharath Ratna......HE SIMLPLY SAID, HE WOULD LIKE TO BE REMEMBERED AS 'TEACHER" BECAUSE, HE BELIEVED, TEACHERS CAN ALONE IGNITE THE YOUNG MINDS - PL SEE PDF.
1 0 The research facilities in our country should improve. If a student in our country wishes to seek his carrer in research then he prefers going to foreign thus yielding no benefit to the country. The scientists and researchers should be provided with better wages and standard of living so as to attract people into it .National institutes like ISRO and DRDO should be promoted culturally so that people get to know more about them.
2 0 8.HAVING CHILDREN MAXIMUM UPTO TWO . IF MORE THEN TAX APPLIED AND GRDUALLY TO ONE 9.WITHDRAW THE CASTE POLICY, IF ONE IAS IS SC/ST THEN HIS/HER CHILDREN SHOULD NOT GET THE QOUTA AND OTHER PREVILAGES. 10.LASTLY WE SHOULD THINK COUNTRY’S IMPROVEMENT FIRST BESIDES OUR IMPROVEMENT.
1 0 sir, Better introduce one subject as per students dream for example mason for civil engineer aspirant, ayurveda for doctor, electrical wiring for electrical engineering, clothes designer for designer, it helps them to realise their dream from childhood.
0 0 3.MINIMISATION OF CURRUPTION. MINIMISATION OF ELLECTION EXPENDITURE. 4.EDUCATION FOR ALL. RIGHT TO EDUCATION. ERADICATION OF IGNORANCE. 5.COMPULSORY SHRAMADAN FOR THE COUNTRY. 6.CONSERVATION OF GOVT.  MONEY AND PROPER UTILISATION 7.THE GOVT. AND EMPLOYEES SHOULD THINK THEY ARE DOING SEVA NOT DUTY
1 0 RESPECTED SIR, I AM WORKING AS A STSTION MASTER IN EAST COAST RAILWAY, MERAMANDALI, DHENKANAL DIST-752019, INSPIRING FROM YOU THINKING ALWAYS ABOUT MY COUNTRIE’S IMPROVEMENT LIKE CHINA TO BE A DEVELOPED COUNTRY  INSPITE OF SO MANY PROBLEMS AND CHALLENGES, IF WE DO HEARTLY BECAUSE IT IS A COUNTRY HAVING LARGEST YOUNG PERSONS IN THE WORLD. 1.MINIMISE THE DIFFERENCES OF INCOME OF OUR CITIZENS. 2.UNIFORM CIVIL CODE, ALL CITIZENS SHOULD OBEY THE RULES AND SHOULD HAVE ACCOUNTABILITY.
0 0 I am requesting to my government to organise the science exhibitions in school level as much as possible. It will encourage the students to discover the modern ideas.
1 0 Resp PM Sir I have an idea to increase the average speed of train by 20% by a very less cost by avoiding useless wastag of trains stoppage not at stns but an avoidable places by costing very less   if I given chance I will prove it I also have idea for very less damage of passengers lives loss during accidents
0 0 Of IT subject. In 21st century it's important to give IT knowledge to students hence we request my gov to give grants to IT subject and give granted salary to IT subject teachers
0 0 2day the definition of literacy is "A person having knowledge of Information technology along with the knowledge of traditional subjects that person is called fully literate person." And in our maharashtra  Only 10% junior college students get IT knowledge from all maharashtra and 90%  students are interested but  not getting IT knowledge  bcoz of college restictions, rules and more fees taken by colleges.in this situation how we can say our students are fully literate without the knowledge
0 0 a)	Institutes having PG have qualified teachers and paid by UGC scale. b)	Instead of giving UGC-CSIR after post-graduation; give fellowship (lesser amount) after +2. c)	Institutes with post-graduation should publish a minimum amount of papers in international journals. d)	Bhatnagar awards are announced each year for eminent scientists. This is Indian Nobel prize. Recipients present a lecture in media on their achievements This will give public a respect to the scientists. JAI HIND
0 0 a)	compulsory institutes having PG have qualified teachers and paid by UGC scale. b)	Instead of giving UGC-CSIR after post-graduation; give fellowship (lesser amount) after +2. c)	Institutes with PG should publish a minimum amount of papers in international journals. d)	Bhatnagar awards are announced each year for eminent scientists. This is Indian Nobel prize. Have recipients of SSP awards present lecture in media on their achievements. Public will start respecting scientist. Jai Hind
0 0 The government decision to join name of late dr. APH abdul kalam sir with Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is appropriate and proper for implementation of programme. It is the dedicated effort to tribute to great personality of our nation. Dr. Kalam sir was in reality reseaching some new things and was sharing with students for development of our nation. The main goal was to highly educate the students for dedication to nation.
0 0 Sir, It will be very fantastic if we will able to connect science with Nature as it will help, students to make sure that how everything work with help of science they will relate things more properly as I a Student I know that many of my classmates just got slept during Science classes and the reason is pretty simple that they do not want to listen the teacher. As in my opinion we just had to make students Creative and Intelligent. Just making Science simple and knowing better than ever. 😊😊
1 0 speech me ye puchna gov officers se govment hospitl me log kyu nhi jate kyu pvt me jate h jbki vo jante h vha jada charge lgega.... kyu sir.. kyu une bharosa h trust h un pe.or gov pe nhi.... ab ye gov officer hi bta paege ye bharosa unka kese  toda gya h.
1 0 every topics r very effective bt agr hme kisi chez ki imp. hi nhi malum h to hm uska use kese krege.nd kisi b chez ki imp. hme education se milegi or education vo b rular area me.... agr hm kuch khte h to sunte h tume kya krna h.jb srkar ko prblm nhi... kisi officer se milne jao tp kh dete h sahb abi busy h.mtlb hmare hi liye apka bank balance increase hota h or hmare liye hi waqt nhi h.sir apni speech me ye puchna k agr kisi ko koi norml prblm hoto vo kiske pas jaye
2 0 Trap the thieves instead of waiting for the complaints to catch them. 70 %  reduction in govt salaries is better to raise the employment.
0 0 Respected Sir,                         Our economy is mostly depend upon formers and now a days the health of farming sector is very bad. Most of the dormers are less educated.I like to give following suggestions.  1) Please expedite the work of giving the water to all remaining farmers.                             2) Give the priority to farmers in your 15th August speech.             Thanks and Regards.
0 0 it good and a great idea,please go ahead. Please Take everyone's ideas for consideration,no matter how silly,old or good it is.
0 0 In our schools the use and availability of computers are limited as they are costly and hence institutions lag behind. It is evident that due to this our development is lagging, I am writing this to propose a system quite similar to Raspberry Pi implemented by UK to encourage and improve kids to learn programming. The Raspberry Pi system can work with monitors or TV and are cheap as rs 5000. I encourage you to develope such a plan so that such systems can be implements across India.
0 0 i really like this concept. this can help a child in exhibiting his/her talents and scientific temperament. there some suggestions i would like to give to make this even more better: (i)making it compulsory for all students and teach them how to make the working models that can help them in on-spot model making competetions. (ii)conduct more and more workshops and quizes to make children know more about GK. (iii)take everyone's ideas for consideration,no matter how silly,old or good it is.
0 0 Can the government promote coding/programming in schools at war footing.This can be done by promoting APP building contests etc.Please look at USA for similar programs http://www.wired.com/2014/12/obama-becomes-first-president-write-compute... US President Obama,asks every student to learn programming,why the same cant be done in India.We dont have Facebook/Google/Twitter from India because we start programming very late in Engineering that also mediocre level
0 0 Firstly, the idea is too great. In addition, I would like to suggest you small things that can make this Abhiyan more effective. # I would like aware you that from 1st class to 10th class there are no practicals which explains theory to a practical example that can be perform in labs. # Rewards are best way of motivation. # Every idea matters as we know a small brain is more powerful than a larger once.So, better is respect all ideas and if rejected after thinking. # Library for each class
0 0 the facilities should get to poor people you make compulsory to have a computer with internet connection in villages for tis only one computer will be sufficient.
0 0 Make a government IT hub so the people can get jobs and there is good scope for digital India and main thing to make best and helpful websites like (Indian farmer) which will help farmers,online shopping seeds for farmers which are made in India or which are imported.the facilities are enjoy by rich people.
0 0 This Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan should be start from village.. bcoz most of the rural people have good ideas n thoughts but they did not get any platform to share. so my humble request to PM sir plz start this abhiyan from Villages of our country. Thank you #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv
0 0 This  Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan should be start from village.. bcoz most of the rural people have good ideas n thoughts but they did not get any platform to share. so my humble request to PM sir plz start this abhiyan from Villages of our country. Thank you
0 0 FIRST of all the thing is that students don't know how to become scientist,aeronautical engineer,biologist,pharmacist,etc.so there should be any website to promote science and to give suggestions to youths.
0 0 Sir, schools me theory ki jagah practicals work ko jyada importance dena chahiye. Isse students ka science me interest bdhega.
0 0 1)please provide proper laboratories n faculty frankly in equal manner to all the areas. If you are able to give salary to aided colleges then y can't u had only govt colleges? 2)PhD guide is now only to influence persons n by category don't judge creativity by caste n race.didn't u had humanity? If you really want to make strengthen the weaker section give it based on wealth. Determine poor n richness properly.3)give current situation image properly to end people.4)don't depend on iit,iim,iisc.
0 0 kal ke Din hamare pyaare Purva Rastrapathi Ji mahamahim Dr.A.P.J.Abdul kalam ham sabke beech se chale gaye.Aur aaj ki din hi adraniya HRD minister Smt.Smriti ji ne Is pure Mission Ko Dr.Kalam ke Naam samparpit kar ke jo ek sandesh diya he woh har Bhartiya ko is Mission ki avashktha aur Visheshtha ko apne aap prakat kar deta he.Mai manta hu ki ye Mission Bharat ko 2ist Shatabdhi keDr.Kalam,Vikram bhai sarabhai,Albert Einstein & Wright brothers ko de paane me purnta safal ho ga.Ye ek aisa platform
0 0 You know sir most of the student after the 10th class passing moving towards the arts and commerce instead of science because the they think about the future that lot of money will need for the forward education;at this time he fails because of the money and move towards the arts and science.
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE
0 0 Dear sir, you should promote to the student from fifth class tha they should be the scientist and    the govt.should tell to the student that there will not be any problem of money and scholarships will be provided to them.
0 0 Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PLATFORM FOR THE YOUNG GENERATION WHO WANT TO EXPRESS THEIR IDEAS IN R AND D FOR DEVELOPING INDIA!!!!!!!!!
0 0 the problem lies in language, i think, as most of the students take time to understand the language first before they understand the subject behind and the teachers make it harder by communicating in the language that they're not familiar, mentoring through institutions should be simultaneously in the native languages as well needn't in the texts, so the students might open up in discussions and think about solving problems and create ideas rather trying to understand the language. JAI HIND!!!
0 0 1) All retired professionals from similar filed should be invited to guide students. 2) MHRD should facilitate summer camps in Delhi, where selective students should be allowed to speak to some renowned scientist, mathematicians etc from India and around the world. 3) In same summer camp, students should be allowed to go to meet farmers and visit farm field, so that they might get encouraged to invent some innovative ways to develop farming in future with help of technology.
0 0 my opinion is ,first of all the students should learn atleast a part of the subject from a professional of the particular field of research apart from the regular teachers of the subject, and they should be made to be engaged constantly in a form of art as it stimulates the creative part of the brain as it opens their imagination."teaching shouldn't be what happened yesterday but what happened until now". teachers should be trained to reach all studs and have all the answers... JAI HIND!!!!!!
0 0 Prime Minister should honor the memory of Honerable Abdul Kalam by creating TEMPLE OF SCIENCE each state in his honor. This would be a fitting tribute to him. Indians spend billions of rupees in building temples of religious faith if we spend the same amount on  temple of science we will make true progress. PM has done enough for people of religious faith. Now it's time to please minority of people who have faith in logic and reason.
0 0 Dear Sir, We need an urgent overhaul of our education system. I graduated as an Engineer and I think I could have done a lot more had not I lost interest in studies because of the quality of teaching. Below are some points : 1 - School education needs improvement e.g - There should be more real world examples/practicals to make it more interesting 2 - From an IT perspective, certain things need to be taught earlier 3 - Curriculum in Engg sometimes I feel is not very industry relevant
0 0 Till education won't reach maximum no avishkar yojna could be successful . Our education system is fragile conditions of govt. Schools are pathetic nowadays teachers selection based on vote bank in many part of countries. And poors are deprived of getting private school education. Till govt not going to heed on govt schools you only have to wait for "gudri k laal"
0 0 Avishkar means invention and I have invented a new subject or form of education that is LOVE + SCIENCE = LOVESCIENCE This will help students to learn in peace and practical environment instead of studying information and practical education . I accept social problems cannot be destroyed it can only be convinced and controlled only by love, with love,for love. So my suggestion and my first and infinity request is to take a look in to my concept and I am sure that I may die my thoughts never die.
0 0 Aviskar needs investment our students syllabuses must be more practical rather we are following obsolete methods. Research and development must be promoted
0 0 It's awesome it will increase innovation in India
0 0 Why not position congress which is obstructing parliament as antiyouth and antiemploymeny and pro blackmoney
0 0 I saw attack by terrorists at gurdaspur yesterday i.e 27th july,2015 and how the terrorists could kill innocent people at will.My SUGGESTION: India must develop HAND GRENADES which when thrown at Terrorists explodes and emits gases which would act as very strong anaesthesia and make them unconscious for one hour or more or make them blind for quite sometime. Then in the meantime the Security forces can reach them and catch those alive. There will not be any need to fight with bullets.
1 0 I am a PhD student reseraching in the area of Learning technologies. I request you to look into the Mobile units for learning as part of the fire fly educational programme of TEGV in Turkey. This programme has been highy successful in promoting quality learning in millions of children.It also adresses the issue of lack of access and resources. The modol can also be used as part of the "Skill India Mission". http://www.tegv.org/web/51-354-1-1/tegven/education/education/firefly_ed...
0 0 How can we improve our research and development we we keep wasting our time on bogus calculations like in CA course. Many rules and acts in it are bogus and do not contribute towards nations progress. Secondly, our education system needs changes. We waste our initial 10 years studying things which may not be useful in later lives.System of specialization should be introduced early in the class.
0 0 first of all i would like to say what a innovative idea by Govt. But for that the all universities should be like research institutes not for awarding degrees only.The concepts of basic science and maths should be cleared in schools and the studies should not be for getting better marks. Science and maths Olympiads should be organised in schools, but before that teachers must be made capable to teach at the concept level. The basics of science/maths can be cleared by designing educational games
0 0 ANNOUNCE A SKILL DEVELOPMENT TRAINING PROG. ON 15TH OCT. BIRTHDAY OF DR. KALAM WHO DREAMT OF A EDUCATED INDIA AS A SUPER POWER. TO FULFIL HIS DREAM.
1 0 DEAR MODI JI, I REQUEST YOU TO MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT ON INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH TO SET UP A MEMORIAL FOR DR. ABDUL KALAM THE SON OF INDIA WHOSE DREAM IS YOUNG INDIA A SUPER POWER BY 2020, AN SUPER POWER IN EDUCATION AND SPIRITUAL POWER AND GURU FOR THE WORLD. THIS WILL BE A TRIBUTE FOR FOR THE GREAT SON OF INDIA, ANNOUNCE IN THE INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH, LIKE PATEL MEMORIAL. A MEMORIAL IN HIS BIRTH PLACE RAMESHWARAM A SPRIRITUAL TOWN ,YOUNG INDIA CAN BE INSPIRED TO DREAM LIKE KALAM.
0 0 Share Your Views...sir jis tarah CNG (Compact Natural Gas) se four-wheel gadi,bus,bike , chalti hai to kya hamne Bharat me kabhi aaisa test kiya hai  Jo COMPACT GOBAR GAS (CGS) se ye sab bike vagere chal sake.kyoki GOBAR GAS se ham rasoi to banalete hai .to gobar gas se chalne vali ekad test Gadi par bhi kar Lena chahiye.
0 0 Share Your Views...sir jis tarah CNG (Compact Natural Gas) se four-wheel gadi,bus,bike , chalti hai to kya hamne Bharat me kabhi aaisa test kiya hai  Jo COMPACT GOBAR GAS (CGS) se ye sab bike vagere chal sake.kyoki GOBAR GAS se ham rasoi to banalete hai .to gobar gas se chalne vali ekad test Gadi par bhi kar Lena chahiye.
0 0 Science should not be seen as a subject but a practice..not just reading of book but introducing creative methods such as showing videos on YouTube, explaining thorough models, asking students to apply principles taught in class in creating models Mathematics involves thought process..solving a problem must be taught considering what you have and what is required and scientifically approaching the problem..rather than plain application of formulas
0 0 application
0 0 It is a right move and Indian has more capabilities in research then current outcome. The reason is lack of motivation in School and colleges. Students can think out of box only when they are motivated for linking. Currently out system focus on marks and then jobs. Student from class 4th to 10th should be attached to some research lab or institute. They must spend atleast one month in any lab near to their home and of their interest. Their thoughts should graded properly during this stay.
2 0 Dear PM Attached file on My take on Improving science and Maths in our Country
1 0 SIR JAI HIND, me ek simple family se belong karta hu,me jo apse share kar raha wah mere hi nahi balki aaj bharat ek har ek kisan or poor family ke bache ki pareshani h.koi kisan apne bache ko engineering ki padai apni maa yani ki jameen ko bechakar karata h or uske bad results yah ki kisi company m jaye to referance do ab ek kisan ka beta kaha se apna referance laye.corruption aaj private m bhi h.jaha desh m digital india,skill development or villeges ko it se jodne ki bat h  wah ye sab kese.
1 0 We have started up an initiative named as Discovery Science Center to ignite the minds of young children. It is learning science and mathematics by doing. In the center the children are taught through science activities, movies, Maths activities, programming, talk shows, open houses etc. The name of center is michiganvalleyeducation.com. Free Science Exhibitions are organized along with Science talent contests. Children finds it extremely interesting to learn in this way.
1 0 Sir To ignite a student's mind it is really very important to make his mind think beyond books. Books are really important to give basic fundamentals but schools should devote at least one period for unbounded thinking. Each student has his own specialty. They can work in groups where someone would think the scientific idea, someone would draw the design, someone will work on the execution of its prototype. And further the mentoring committee can give their inputs.
0 0 Hon'ble Sir Today's education system has become a factory of producing unemployed person due commercialisation of education.today's scenario is that the students from rural area neither knows Hind nor English correctly however this not fact that student have no desire to deserve but they are not being directed the right way to deserved.Sir we have some plan to enhance curiosity & interest among student for research & Innovation.If I have been permitted by you I'll submit my project.
1 0 As we know that there is no any student who is specialist in every subject an almost every topics either of science, maths, S.st.etc. So at the standard of nineth every student can measure himself that he is good at which subject and on which topic...I want to say that when there will be single topic provided to any student then he can study that topic deeply and this will increase interest in that subject and take him to be a researcher on that topic..and studing partially is not work of brave
0 0 The Hon'ble Primr Minister, Shri Narendra Modi is rolling out different schemes prepared by his Gov't. to help  the people, especially the youth, out of their 'helplessness'. But the things tend to go awry when the sense of intended seriousness gets diluted at the ground level because of sense of non-seriousness on the part of those entrusted with the task of detailing the schemes for the benefit of intended beneficiaries. IT HERE THAT THE SCHEMES FAIL YO TAKE OF, THE WAY INTENDED.
0 0 Youths are charged up on viweing Kalam's speeches in News channels now. Instead of Mourning for 7days lets make use of these days to induce Kalam's vision and Dream. Please promote books of Kalam to reach the youth by selling them in slashed prices thro E-Commerce. Even if we spend 1000's of crores to induce a good thought on youths is difficult. But making use of the time is will help to reach the right message to the right one. Dr.Kalam is only Indian who has no single haters. Lets Utilize!!
0 0 1. Indian universities are only degree granting institutions. We need to shift the focus of our great schools towards Research and innovation. We need 2. Our education syllabus put a lot of focus on facts not ideas. From the school level itself we need to focus on the practical applications of whatever we are learning in school especially in Science and Mathematics.
0 0 I have attached a youtube link. This one is very very inspiring and will drive youth to think about their carrer to work through innovations rather in a mindset like work to settle down. Unfortunately this video has got very less views. Govt should make this video reach all the students of the nation. I am sure this will change many students thinking on their future career. This is a nation building activity. We should steer the youths by inducing these good thoughts.
2 0 As the rashtriya avishkar abhiyan is decided to be named after Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, I would like to suggest a name for it on this platform. As innovation in technology as always been a part of his dream and his area of interest, it should be named as "SWAPAN-e-KALAM".
0 0 Youths in Indian Metro's are spending hours in travelling. Govt must make use of this time to induce some good innovative thoughts into youths minds. Govt should install a television in all Train compartments and telecast inspirational speeches like Dr.Abdul Kalam's, Ratan Tata's, etc through satellite televisions. Inducing right thoughts into youth is much needed for future India. Latest news can also be telecasted which will help in keeping people updated. Driving youths to right direction.
0 0 IT WAS GREAT TO NAME RASTRIYA AVISKAR  MISSION AS APJ RASTRIYA AVISKAR MISSION . AS OUR BE LOVED PRESIDENT A P J KALAM SIR WAS TEACHING THE NATION JUST BEFORE ITS DEATH. BUT I WORRY THAT WILL IT BECOME ANOTHER MNERGA/ NAREGA, AS CHANGUNG NAME DIDN'T CHANGE THE PROGRAMME FOR  ANY BETTERMENT OF THE COMMON INDIVIDUALS.
0 0 Bharat ki shiksha only practicaly ho theory apne aap sikh jayenge example 1. physics vale electronisc matter tayaar kre....classwise 2. Zoology vale vanaspati ka adyan kr ausdi tyaar kre 3. boteny vale jeev jantuo ka illaj kre etc yadi is prakar se apni education hoti h to bharat ke yuva nischit rup se koi naya avishkar kr sakte h
0 0 Following Dr.Kalam's demise youths all over the nation are watching his speeches in television and reading his articles in Newspapers. Following the 7 days mourning we may see more such videos and newspaper articles. Youths are charged up right now. This is the right time to utilize them. The most important thing in feeding a right thought is utilizing the right time with right people. Govt should inject more of Mr.Kalams vision and dream into the youth right now.
0 0 Make it as part of each corporate companies social responsibilities initiatives. Already almost all private companies are doing some activity as part of social responsibility. IT / Automobile / Health care companies are having highly skilled work force and contribution from them will benefit this wonderful initiative.
0 0 As a nation loyal citizen of Indian continental, I would like to suggest that honorable ex president Sir Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Birth day (ie  15th Oct) , we may celerabate   “ INDIA INNOVATION DAY ‘’  ‘’INNOVATION DAY’’  OR  ‘’ RASHTRIYA  AVISHKAR  DIWAS’’ We may form an independent organization/committee to look after this event.  This committee  may invite proposal or projects from institution /origination/research companies regarding the new concept technologies /design developed by the for
0 0 hello sir..please avail the facility of online application for documents like caste certificate,resident certificate,income certificate
0 0 SIR AAP JO KAM KAR RAHE HAI WO KABILE TARIF HAI AUR SABSE BADI BAT KI AAPKE ANDAR KUCH KARNE KI CHAHAT HAI PAR PHIR BHI MUJHE AISA LAGTA HAI KI HUMARE DESH AMIR AUR AMIR HOTE JA RAHE HAI AUR GARIB GARIB CHAHE STATE HO YA CENTRAL ME GOVERNMENT OFFICER KO KUCH JYADA HI FACILITY DI JATI HAI JAISE KI SALARY KE SATH GHAR PEON TA DA AND ALL JISSE KI SARKAR KA BOJH BADTA HAI
0 0 Government have to encourage the master's / peoples about to do the work from which employment being generated. There is a very superb initiative taken place by our prime minister that is MAKE IN INDIA. MAKE IN INDIA program being more successful when every person will think about others also. Encourage the every human mind to improve employment in such a way that poor people will also get maximum benefit of this. Des ni sachi pragati tyare j thase.
1 0 In order that Avishksr becomes a key-word the students in every nook and corner of our great country, it needs to be ensured that creation of infrastructure is 'decentralised' to the remotest, and, there to the lowest level. It has also to be ensured that like many other schemes, 'Avishkar' does not end up being a tool for a few 'priveleged' & 'fortunate' ones.
0 0 Competitions at multiple levels and formats can increase the level of interest and quality of contributions. Give prizes in cash or kind, recognize contributors, teachers and coaches. Just like one has a sporting culture, a country can also nurture a culture that promotes curiosity and interest in science/math.
2 0 Sir,pls put an initiative to end the reservation for job/education on RELIGIOUS BASIS.The Peoples President,Dr APJ AbdulKalam is the true exemplar to realize that The Religious Minority People will surely move forward if they are having the realistic ability.Sir,give absolutely free education to the Religious Minorities for any type of educations till the end of life,but not for the SELECTION in any kinds of education/job and give aids and reservation for physically challenged, BPL people, etc.
0 0 Being a research scholar, I want to make it clear that "Doing research is compulsion not motivation in INDIA. Bring some motivation by giving researchers more options to work with industry and government. Teaching in private colleges at low pay is the only option. when a lucrative option will be after research then automatically young bright mind will come to do research. It would not be compulsion but motivation do out of the box things.
0 0 A sunday in July should be declared working day to pay tribute to our beloved Peoples' President Late Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam as he said:-"DONT DECLARE HOLIDAY ON MY DEATH, INSTEAD WORK AN EXTRA DAY, IF U LOVE ME" So it would be the best way to contribute to his efforts. #MyGOv
1 0 Greetings to all. 1. Make necessary war-foot steps to connect all big and medium rivers. Even it is long term process, no one can stop The India's/Indians' growth after this achievement. 2. To avoid state interruption, all the rivers are to be nationalized first. 3. All type to Tribunals related water can be waived off. Subramanian Kaliappan, Erode
3 0 Declare birthday of our beloved Peoples's President Late Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam as CHILDREN SCIENCE DAY and His deathday as WORK DOUBLE DAY. This would be the best homage we could give to this great soul who inspired all Indian youths to be scientific and work loving. I am humbly urging the government people and our honorable prime minister to please make pay special attention to this idea.
0 0 The army men after retirement face difficult  situation. Some of them work as security gaurds, others spent the money whatever they have till the get small time job . Army can have short commission for  5 years and after their service they can be trained for  Police for the state service. They are always available for war situation's or any terrorist attacks . They need not be given any pention, instead an employment will help their family members live dignified manner.
0 0 Irrespective of the kind of school, at each class from fifth class onwards....we should dedicate 3 days in a month just for throwing some science/mathematics problems at the kids. It may be as simple as how will solve the problem of automatically opening a left when it's struck or power goes off. No idea is bad, so collect all the ideas. Take the best out of them from the entire country and give the best one to the companies for feasibility study.
0 0 subjects on practicals should be tought with more practical problems and solutions to be identified by the student community for better understanding rather than copying the solutions on the board. From the student life every individual can grap any thing for lifelong as it registers in individual's mind without any other avegation. Please cultivate a habbit of making student learning process though practical knowledge which will result more to the best of my knowledge.
0 0 Bellow are my proposals: 1. Change in the way teaching Science from classroom to "Learn by Small Experiments [LSE]" 2. Government can support schools by setting up a common facilities for LSE. 3. IIT, IISc like esteemed organizations can play a vital role in LSE Centres 4. Technology development should be mandatory be taught by the experimenting practically. I know this thoughts have a lot challenges when we look at implementing, like facilities, funds, man power to support.
0 0 There are lot of farmers making innovative inventions to make their task easy. Some farmers in lack of money cannot prepare such device or tool that is capable of solving their farm needs. I feel the need of making a farmer community where they can share their knowledge, can be financed for agricultural research and can be recognized for their work. I feel if 1.25 billion population will make one invention in their life time, we will have 6098 inventions every second.
0 0 Sir, In attached documents you will find my views on Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan
0 0 Every person and students who ever has invented any new invention in any field should be given Financial help from finanicial instituion like as mundra Bank or any govt instituions. This vl motivate people to create new things for INDIA. proper guidance, help, support should be provided to them from experts. Govt should appoint them  to develop such invention for MAKE IN INDIA .
0 0 Several Speeches have been delivered by our various respected Prime Minister's, this great day comes & goes. I believe this Independence our beloved PM should Coin the Fact that We should make the optimum and effective implementation of the existing Policies where Schemes are made but doesn't gets implemented. Funds are allocated but doesn't gets distributed, that is make each & every Govt. officer Accountable or he should be sacked, as they don't have fear of loosing and thus we are loosing.
0 0 6 Months Technical training in CIPET Campus-1 patia bhubaneswar sponsored by M-Doner. Technical institutes are "earning money zero learning development down going" M-Doner student facing problem. kaha hai hamare priy "desh ke bhagya bidhata"
0 0 by the way of making more and more science parks where simple as well as complex problems of physics and mathematics are demonstrated by the way of 'do it yourself' experiments!
0 0 Respected sir, greetings Students must get basic schooling with greatest facilities as it lays foundation for carrier. With high tech labs, good transpotation facilities,creative Teachers constantly motivating children,access to good resources, turning the entire syllabus into more thinking rather than rote learning. Few NGO's go well with these like Teach for india,Pratham etc. For good institutes like IIT and NIT students face more competition than that of top most in the world.
2 0 Sir, thank you for providing a forum to submitting our suggestions. Sir, teaching school children is my passion. I am a BE graduate and this becomes a hindrance in many schools for me to get a job. Kindly consider eliminating the necessity of a B.Ed degree for teaching.  I strongly feel teachers shape the future of the children. I have come across many people who are so good at teaching but facing similar problems. We are willing to undertake other tests to prove our teaching skills/knowledge.
0 0 in memory of dr.apj abdul kalam create award in field of science and make national day in his memory
2 0 This program should not be limited to science and maths.Humanities, social science and literature should also form a part of this. Students will have variety of aspirations. Govt should promote each subjects and provide platform for a comprehensive skill development in every field. We not only need good scientists but also good politicians, social workers, artists, teachers etc. Each subject should be given due importance.That will be a real tribute to the great teacher Dr.Abdul Kalam
0 0 The Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan should focus on the rural backdrop of the country as well with an holistic approach to not only educated the school and children  but to mentor the teacher and faculty fraternity as well. An well informed fraternity will in long run will not only educated and provide insight on new academic ideas and use of technology in teaching methods but will provide motivation and morale to the children to become an intellectual in their endeavors of further studies.
0 0 Respected Sir, Greetings, This is such a nice idea to get from peoples.1)Now a time we are very struggled in ground water for drink.In our country has some unwanted tress more so its time to clear and we have to plant lot of trees for made a rain fall.2)Here more peoples are totally addicted to alcohol ,so need to avoid the wine shop in our nation for our development.3)To develop the forest areas and give importance to the tourism 4)We should develop the research and have to spend money for it
1 0 respected sir, we should remove all the reservation on the basis of cast, specially from medical exam and IAS IPS, because those all are required determination and qualifications. them only qualified student must be allowed.
0 0 Tamilnadu government selling liquor commercially and all the age group getting affect because TASMAC(liquor shop) available very nearest in all over tamilnadu. unable to advice children because government doing this business very openly. please make india liquor free or atleast stop to do this business through direct government in all over India
0 1 all the reservations on the basis of cast should be removed
0 1 please sir.... remove all reservation from the education who is applied on the basic of cast
1 0 Sir firstly, we need to get Pan India availability via the GOI source and resource tieup done for Maths & Science with Worlds greatest Agencies & Institues - NASA, Massachusetts Institute , Cambridge University etc. GOI must declare readily available Huge Corpus of Fund availability for Research in Maths & Science starting from primary schools to college and Institutes. Corporates too must be mandatorily contribute fixed % on the same. Incentives to Students. Mandated use of Centralised transparent technology for admission to Govt /Private colleges of Science & Maths to remove Huge corruption in lacs of crores on the admission system, which is a major impediment/obstruction.
4 0 REMOVE  ALL  THE  RESERVATION  IN  EDUCATION  WHICH  ARE  BASED  ON  CAST  PROVIDE  IT  TO  ALL  STUDENTS  WHO  COMES  UNDER  EBC (ECONOMICAL BACKWARD  CLASS)
1 0 The #1 cause for lack of innovation is that higher education in sciences is not available in Indian languages. Practically all Nobel Prize winners studied science in their mother tongues. Numerous studies show how a better understanding of science is developed when children study in their mother tongue. See http://bhashaneeti.org for details. Only when science is taught in mother tongues will broad adoption and innovation happen. No country developed without this.
0 0 The recruitment and promotions in higher education on the basis of points earned by publishing papers and books (copied) and attending seminars and conferences for certificates should be checked.
0 0 Intellectual Property Rights Law should be taught to the society. It will encourage the inventors and innovators to work for new.
1 0 Respected sir , as young indian i m sharing wt i feel about babri maszid n ram temple issue.  Y we r fighting ? As god is one, y cant we build " nation unity temple"  at ayodhya-temple mosq church all at one place
0 0 Why not visit to our backward area and last lag you see every step innovation per innovation, our rural areas spent his own life on past innovation takes it's from them and spread to society it's not take more money and do better work for life of every people thanks
1 0 Respected sir, as a doctor I would like to hear you from n start some initiative to reduce corruption in medical field , most importantly "cut" practice  for any reference like radiology, pathology, drug prescriptions, reference from GP to MD n from MD to DM/ MCH. Please talk about this topic for better healh system in india .. Much needed
0 0 Sir it should be named on Dr Abdul Kalam. It can be a tribute to one of the biggest innovator of country.
0 0 "Naree Shakthi" is the untapped potential in India. We work ship Women as SHAKTHI,WEALTH & KNOWLEDGE. But we failed to empower them. In this Independence Day PM should announce various measures to empower women. Like 1) Medical colleges for women in all states 2) 0% loan for girls doing PG and research 3) parents should be given Tax rebate on the income for the amount they spent on their Girls education up to 2 children 4) to make women strong & healthy 0% loan for staring women GYM by Women.
3 0 PM, Introduce Yoga, Martial Arts, Vedic Maths, Vedic Science n Abacus in the school from the beginning. We need scientist. student must not jut learn science n maths but they must manifest to become scientist every day. 3 rd eye meditation is very important. They must learn to manifest the good things Innovative ideas are already in Vedas but we should know how to manifest (3rd eye meditation). I hope the above info. is helpful.
1 0 We can learn from initiatives already being taken in Europe to popularise science. i) Engaging Science (Wellcome Trust, UK) http://www.wellcome.ac.uk/stellent/groups/corporatesite/@msh_publishing_group/documents/web_document/wtx033010.pdf ii) via TV documentaries with science in easy to understand and interesting format http://www.pantaneto.co.uk/issue15/leon.htm
1 0 I recommend a study of significant institutions such as Bronx School of Science and University of Toronto Schools.  Their focus on math and Science is unique and sets them as role models in social/intellectual discourse. Whether we replicate such models or create variants the study will be rewarding.
1 0 Hello Sir, Please find attached my views on Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan. Thanks, Amith
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Could you please start an 'APJ LIBRARY IN EVERY CITY' on the name of Dr.Kalam as tribute to his contribution to this great nation. If you need funds for this drive, Indian citizens across the globe will be happily donate funds for it. Yours Faithful Indian Citizen, Aniket Maharanwar.
0 0 Sir in 15 th August u make a strick rules against woman rape cases which is doing in every city in every day.
0 0 I am attaching PDF in this Post which has my views on Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan
0 0 Every top class institution of the world are in that top position due to their top class faculty members and students. Top talents can be brought back to our instutions by giving them a good amount of remuneration to them. So financial atonomy must be given to the institutions so that they can set their own set of pay scale. It will help them to attract the best faculties for their institutions. #MyGOv
1 0 I think its equally important to empower our teachers. Empowering one teacher can help in empowering hundreds of students later. Therefore I would suggest high quality training for school teachers and encouraging well-educated individuals to take up teaching. Unfortunately, India has a big culture of external tuition classes. One could also involve these tuition classes to motivate students. Also, the schools should discourage rote learning and let students express in their own words.
0 0 Can we start something called national nutrition plan? For example, a family in rural India subscribed to national nutrition plan will have nutrition chart for his family, livestock, soil
0 0 Teach value for books rather than everything electronic media based because its less problematic in long run. More stress on good values and nutrition. Importance of being good citizen such as doing family planning and being brahmachari (brahmani-charati, not necessarily only celibate).
0 0 Vedic sciences and maths should benefit a lot. Whole country can have a syllabus like CBSE or ICSE to make it uniform. Geography and Ecology can be combined to make one subject. Basic book-keeping, Law, Psychology and Sanskrit should be compulsory,starting easy for children with no grammar only speaking, comprehension etc. Awareness classes for anti-social behaviour, and good sanskar classes, yoga, sports, music, arts and craft. If fewer holidays are given all subjects can be incorporated.
0 0 education should not only be reading the book and vomiting on the paper because it wont help in any way.first they should know the practical applications of each and every thing they study and we must provide space to implement them.classes should be application oriented rather than theory
0 0 There should be competition to aggregate all innovation around the world which can make difference to rural India. how to overcome issues of rural india which villagers can use themselves without too much cost. it should be periodic. It will help in rural indian to lift itself up.
0 0 The classes should be more practical and visual based because nowadays students are bored with the mark based education so it should focus more on finding the new talents from students
0 0 I have attached herewith my views on necessity of scientific development to achieve growth....
0 0 Classes for students should be more visual, so that students see the results of what is done all over the world - this is absorbed faster than reading text book as in CBSE system
1 0 1. Teach parents , to focus on overall development of childrens. 2. Teach teachers about intuitive methods of learning. In less time more knowledge can be delivered . [ ref "Cone of Learning concept "] As our former president Mr Kalam said ; "Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model. "
0 0 Ways to Creatively Motivate: 1.Effective use of Social Media and Networking. 2. A "Abhiyan Ambasador" program that awards LinkedIn Certificates and Recommendations (only to best individual) to participating individuals. Participants take part for only a year 3. Individuals get funds/grants to accomplish their projects related to this initiative. 4. Online network of "Abhiyan Ambasadors Alumni" to create ripple effect like organisations such as "Teach for America/India".
0 0 Sir for control of economy circulation of big denomination currency should stop in stages. Govt. should put cash transaction tax for withdrawal cash after limit by individual or corporate per day. there should be limit for holding of cash by individual or corporate per day and excess cash should be deposited in bank on next day otherwise it be impounded and become property of govt. Transfer transaction should be encouraged. This will be choke black money.
0 0 Lets develop a national event on Innovation. A passion for science and engineering starts at a very young age and we need to inspire, encourage, incentivize our kids to innovate. An event that publicly recognizes good innovation and rewards them with a great career path would be ideal to kickstart a young india innovation revolution. We would love to work on this with all the support you can provide. #Accendere
0 0 1. Education should be more skill based and practical and hands on experience. 2. Engineering and technical education should be upgraded to suit current era of science. 3. Mathematics should be taught playfully, so that no kid afraid of it rather should be interesting. 4. Vedic mathematics should be part of curriculum. 5. Like other countries we should go back to our scriptures written in Sanskrit, decode them and reinvent technologies in new manner.
0 0 Training and guidance for innovation and thinking outside box should be provided at secondary level to all students, there should extra marks for innovation attempted in any of the field for all classes. A School level competition can be held by inviting all students to suggest scientific solution for a particular problem faced by weaker section of the society and then in next year all student with guides will work on the best of the ideas and implement those ideas in real world.
0 0 SCIENCE SHOULD BECOME MORE PRACTICAL IN OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM. CHILDREN MUST TAUGHT HOW TO 'APPLY' SCIENCE IN REAL WORLD.
0 0 In most schools the students as well as teachers doesnt know the practical application of science or theory that they ere taught. There lies the greatness in APJ where he ignited students. We should have programs by which the practical scientists not theorists interacts with students in nearby schools. Also our teachers instead of giving doctorate as part of faculty improvement programs, should be given internship in our great institutions to understand the practicality of theory they teach
0 0 I feel Classes like 9,11,13&14 should have a common subject on social awareness which has highlight on the areas of Traffic rules and regulations, Prevention and its losses of Drug Addiction-Drinking and Smoking,First Aid procedure,Government policies and procedures,Defense courses and its eligibility,Prominent soldiers and their brave stories,Protection of Water- Energy&other resources,Public awareness campaigns,Yoga-Meditation, Basics of Ayurveda,plant&animal protection. It Helps youth
0 0 sir if at school level school will conduct Some ROBOTICS or COMPUTER LANGUAGES WORKSHOPS for students of 9th 10th +1 +2 class students . it will help the students to create interest in science and conduct a competition after every workshop and then organizer a natural level competition for all school winners
0 0 sir, children should be provided with basic science  starting from class 4.so at the end of class 10 they have a strong basic knowledge about science because the children of govt school are deprived of getting even basic scientific ideas and visions
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Please make Primary Education free & compulsory for each and everyone
0 0 dear,prime minister of india sir mere gaon me 8 se 10 open coal mins hai. ye sab company coala nikal lene ke bad us jameen ki bhrai nahi karte hai-jisse us gadhdhe me pani bhar jata hai aur khet bhi barbad ho jata hai.aap se vinti hai ki ye sabhi company ko jameen bharne ko kahe,taki 2/5 saal ke bad phir se khaiti ho sake
1 0 India has plenty of intelligent people Present generation is extremely intelligent Let us ignite their CURIOUS minds with 1. Twice a year science competition under supervision 2. Inter school / college competition 3. Telecast winners 4. Provide them with appropriate prices 5. If their invention is very good - utilise in the large scale (Example - fuel efficient trasnport mode - to be made commercial) 6. Grant them "PATENT"
0 0 JAYACHANDRA ARADHYA 1 sec ago Govt should not declare holiday. Even if they declare, every one should go to their school, college, and office and pray for peace to his soul. And work full day to respect his thoughts of work is worship. "DONT DECLARE HOLIDAY ON MY DEATH, INSTEAD WORK AN EXTRA DAY, IF U LOVE ME"- DR. APJ Abdul Kalam
0 0 mathematics is the most easiest subject among all.students have to change their mind set towards mathematics.students understand more when they do it practically.so I personally think developing state of the art science centres in every city will be a big step towards creating curiosity in young minds for science and technology
0 0 rashtriya avishkarabhiyan ka naam kisi mahan bhartiya avishkarak k naam hi hona chahie. meri rai h ki shree a p j abdul kalamji ka naam pr hona chahie. qnki ve ek mahan vyaktitva the jisne bharat ko taqat di aur desh ka hr yuva unse prerit hota h.
0 0 Sir mai ek janretr bnana chahta hu jo only grari sistm se chalga or bijli paida karega
2 0 We needs to develop a system to identify the best students having the minds of an avishkarak, from early stage of schooling i.e. 6-8 class. Provide them best education to open up their minds, give the space for thinking, raising questions/ doubts with experts, availability of best books/ infrastructures/ guiders/ equipment for implementation of thoughts etc. The education with out boundaries will help to develop them an avishkarak for the nation.
0 0 1) please bring student loan scheme to economically backward people in the name of APJAbdul Kalam, with low interest. 2) there are so many individuals working for livelihood, but doesn't have opportunity to get a post graduation due to so many reasons. Please provide a evening library in the name of Abdul Kalam with only scientific books and inventions. Even we can invent something, at least in a try of making something, we may get awesome inventions which may become really helpful to mankind.
0 0 Our current education system generating Job workers not the avishkarak. At present,teachers are from Power Point Generation,do not know or want to know out side available slides in their laptop. 20-25 years ago, our teachers are becomes angry for non having doubts/ question over the lectures. Now a days, teachers becomes angry for raising doubts/ question, because it consumers time. Teachers are insulting to students, on raising doubts/ questions. Teaching is become an industry for profit.
0 0 Sir,i suggest that IIM shillong may be named after Dr.A P J Abdul Kalam institute of management.Thank you sir
0 0 Civil society srinagar has taken a serious note of negligent approach of j&k government, j&k Education department as it fails to come up with short list of those candidates who have applied for accountant ,Je ,resource teachers and class iv posts under serva shiksha abhyan (SSA) scheme in 2014 .Despite lapse of two years the department is paying no heed to the issue and is least bothered about the wastage of precious time and burning issue like un- employment.This is the final intimation to the J&k government,j&k Education department in this regarding to settle the issue within two weeks time otherwise be ready to face the legal way. (CIVIL SOCIETY SRINAGAR )
1 0 curiosity is key for any invention or innovation. practical experiment fuel curiosity. Generally kids are curious in nature, we should nuture their curiosity by providing good facilities for carrying out experiments.
0 0 If we have a system of sharing resources machines equipments of all kinds in one central place with qualified people manning it and compulsorily open for all to use by paying some fees..then duplication of spending will stop.Agree this too has problems as we Indians corrupt any idea by wrong negative attitude,stopping others as we are not upto mark ourselves.Imagine any one can walk in to use equipments to develop or make new gadget at night after his job!Free youths engaged in joint projects
1 0 Onevof the best ways to attract young minds towards science is to make documentaries. For example, PBSc/Nova channel here in the US make alot of visually attractive documentaries with insight into the subject matter. Showing thise documentaries can help student and also kindles the curiosity in them..For example, Carl Sagan and Neil Tyson are well known among kids for explaining the universe to the kids
0 0 RIP DR. APJ ABDUL KALAM . Let His thoughts and ideas flourish through programs like this and ignite young minds of India for all the time to come.
0 0 Sir, let MHRD, Min of Sci & Techy,  & Nehru Yuvak Kendra organise APJ Abdul Kalam Annual  Innovation Festival simultaneously, in every district for 3Days. Let it be open for all children below 17 yrs, to  display their innovations fit for patenting. Give a prize of Rs.one lakh each to top 5 innovations for every 100 displays deposited on a website. Call it Ekalavya award, the student who is known to have mastered military science on his own. R & D Cess can be used to create infrastructure. Tnx
0 0 Sir! On behalf of the youth of this nation, I request you for a Bharat bandh on 28th July on the sad demise of our Great Leader and Enthusiast Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam!! RIP Dr. Kalam! The nation salutes you!
0 0 HONOURABLE PRIME MINISTER I WANT TO TELL YOU THAT I AM A BJP MEMBER AND WHEN I LISTEN THAT YOU DEMAND SUGGESTION ON INDEPENDENCE DAY IN MY OPINION THERE ARE MANY PROBLEMS IN OUR COUNTRY AND IT IS FACT THAT YOU ARE A BOLD ,DECISION MAKER,HONEST,GOOD LEADER, DEDICATED PRIME MINISTER YOU HAVE LONG PERIOD FOR DEVELOPMENT OF COUNTRY FOR STANDING OUR COUNTRY IN QUEUE IN DEVELOPED COUNTRY.MAIN PROBLEM IS OVER POPULATION IN INDIA SO SOLVE THIS PROBLEM BY MEETING OF MINISTRY WHICHIS APPLICABLE ALL INDIAN
0 0 Drona Acharya in was a master of advanced military arts, including the divine weapons or Divya Astras , in the epic Mahābhārata. In the modern era, Drones are the masters of Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and a remotely piloted aircraft (RPA) which has proved to be very beneficial in Precision Agriculture.India can benefit a lot.
0 0 Pls dont have any such a big criteria related to education In this program some practical exam or exhibition should be there to identity scientist And relaxation should be there for if uneducated or lesser educated student/person want to participate in this
0 0 we should inculcate practical applications and demonstrations of scientific phenomenas rather than just theory from early childhood years. show a physical mortor than read about it.. , visit factories, science museusm, planetariums etc to make it exciting for kids. in our time, science was way to technical n less fun
1 0 This is very nice step and we should add non educated person also so that they can educate like some farmers doing farming by jugad and producing quality and quantify product but if he is uneducate or lesser educated so from this these type of person can be identified from various field and we can utilize their brain power and further education to them can lead to new scientist like that it can be apply in all field and govt.should organize some competition related to desi jugaad
0 1 There is never a bad student there is only bad teacher
0 0 Don't conduct exams for the children below 3 rd class and evaluation should be done in a special way .if a class consists 50 students then the ranking system is making last 15 students to grow as an ineffective students and letting them think they are weak in studies and also the parents to opt for tutions and building extra pressure on students
0 0 Part 1 / 9 : Rashtriya  Avishkar Abhiyaan - 1 Few ideas on 'How to ignite Interest in Young minds towards  Science & Mathematics' are shared through 9 posts / messages ....
0 0 School children should be driven to learn things by inspiration but not for the sake of exams .never ever let the pressure of exam build on children. Exam shouldn't be conducted to evaluate or compare a student with others,it should be like a self assessment for a student
0 0 But at the same time tell the student that what he is going to learn now will help him calculate as to at what speed a rocket should be fired so that it escapes the earth's gravitational field. There will be marked difference because firing rockets fascinates a child.
0 0 Part 2 / 9 : Train & Prepare our Teachers ! For most part of the day, our students 	are at the hands of Teachers and      Obviously Teachers can thus have greater influence & persuasive power over our young minds. Although Parents do have a key 	role to play, Teachers still have greater say & control over young minds. We need to prepare / train our teachers accordingly for this noble task !
0 0 i want to make new petrol engine but i have no support,  but i have an ideas much
0 0 The best way is to increase the practical component. The practicals must be relatable to everyday life. It must give the student a feeling that he has learnt something really significant for his life. Hence Physics, Chemistry and Biology should always be taught in the laboratory. Examples cited must be fascinating. example - if you tell a child that gravitation is about a falling Apple, he will hardly be interested. Anything that the student feels insignificant, he will rote but never learn.
0 0 Part 3 / 9 : India Needs An Exclusive Teachers Training Institute of Repute! In our country, we have institutes of repute such as IITs, IISc, IIMs, NITs etc.. to churn out brilliant Graduates / professionals etc. We even have great International School of Business, Professional Training Institutes etc. YET.......... Do we have any International or at least nationally acclaimed “Teachers’ Training Institute” in our Country ?
0 0 Part 4 / 9 : Teachers’ Training To be made MANDATORY Let us make Training of every Teachers, at all levels, Primary or Secondary or 	even higher levels 	..... MANDATORY / EVERY YEAR. Teachers should be trained to generate 	the interest, curiosity among students, not just on Science or Mathematics, but other subjects too ! Once teachers know, how to ignite the young minds, the job is half done & well begun !
0 0 Part 5 / 9 : Teachers’ Training “Start from the Scratch” We need to train the teachers right from the Primary Education Level. If we succeed in training Teachers, they can in turn impart the same to our future generation – young minds We need to build an institute of repute for Teachers’ Training in all 4 regions, state & central level.
0 0 Part 6 / 9 : Teachers’ Training “Let’s make use of Technology” True, building a new training institute may take time....so….. For time being, let’s make use of IT /Digital India / Technology/ Apps etc. Let’s make standard modules for training the teachers & beam it through Doordarshan / Mobile Apps / Govt Portals at fixed time etc. for transmission all over India, to all our schools, through TV/Internet / Mobile, as the case may be.
0 0 Respected sir, please focus on the improvement on the quality of both teacher and teaching.a spirited teacher like paramhans can create so many vivekanandas.teaching is now reduced to just a job, teachers in India failed to teach a child how to realize it's potential and how to convert it's imagination in to creativity...... this is why I faced in my times and I still feel it's importance in my life. Spirited teacher makes learning interesting and make boost innovation in IGNITED MINDS.JAI HIND
0 0 Part 7 /9 : Motivational Modules through Great  Teachers Scientists / Thinkers / Management gurus Let us make Training Modules 	through collective wisdom & 	thinking of Great Teachers, Thinkers,Management Gurus, Academicians, Great Mathematicians, Noted Scientists etc.. Let this be translated into regional languages so that, even a state run language school teacher gets benefitted out of it.
0 0 Part 8 /9 : Teachers’ Training Imparting “through EDUCATION CHANNEL" As an immediate measure, (till Training Institute is realised) may be, we     can fix a time slot every day, on each subject through which, Teachers all 	over, in particular Teachers of our Rural Villages, can be trained on issues such as “how to generate interest’, “how to make Maths / Science Interesting” for our students etc..
0 0 Part 9 /9 : Our Teachers are Our GURUS ! If India wants to become VISHWGURU, We should train our GURUS (Teachers) 	    first....!! If we succeed in this effort, Our Teachers can no doubt ignite many 	    more young minds & ….... .…That’s the way to go far & further – A key to INDIA becoming VISHWAGURU !
0 0 NAMASTE,MR. PM MODIJI,I WANT TO SUGGEST U TO ADD ONE THING ON THE OCCASION OF 15TH AUGUST THAT 'VANDE MATARAM' SHOULD PLAY ALONG WITH NATIONAL ANTHEM. SIR,I THINK THERE ARE LOTS OF PROBLEMS  NOT SO LARGE THAT CAN'T BE SOLVE, NEED IS "FAITH", "POSSITIVITY","TRANSPARENCY" AND "WILLNESS".IF THESE FUNCTIONS DEVELOP IN EVERY INDIAN THEN OUR INDIA WILL BECOME "INCREDIBLE "............ JAI HIND.
1 0 Japanese Art of Paper Folding, Origami is a very fun way to encourage both kids and adults alike in the world of Mathematics. I'm an alumnus of Tisch School of Arts and BITS-Pilani and have always strived to bridge the boundaries between Art & Science. I found Origami is an easy way to teach mathematics visually! I made similar attempts using Pop-Up cards to inspire curiosity towards Science. https://goo.gl/xOyvsm #origami #pop-up #science #art
0 0 Science is already curiosity itself. We should implement more practical session in those subject in school level. For example if you teach a farmer that how to cultivate then they will get easily coz they have already done practiced. So practical session make them easier to get it. In the same way, we have to implement more advanced practical lab in school and colleges.
0 0 Good education should reflect innovation of nation.But one of the world largest youthful Nation lagging innovation because poor quality of education. Teacher should have a pride to teach because they are making the strongest foundation of world largest democracy but unfortunately our teacher's are not looks like. At least here after should take care interest of each and every in classroom.Allow them to ask questions and you are all try to stasify the students questions
0 0 Children should be encouraged to develop their own thinking about Science and Mathematics. It is not necessary that they follow the old stergies and thinking about the subject as those thinking may not be beneficial for today. All should remember Acharya Chankaya's view that "Parivartan se hi naye yug ka Arambh hoga".
0 0 The key thing to Avishkhar (invention) is making it a key-point to inculcate a sense of depth-search among pupils, SND GOR THAT TO HAPPEN, THE KEY LIES WITH MAKING AVAILABLE INFRASTRUCTURE IN SCHOOLS AT THE EARLIEST. THE NATION NEEDS TO PREPARE ITSELF. NO SHORT-CUTS.
0 0 Children can understand quickly when they are interacted with Science Labs. Science labs attract children like no other thing can. Establishing a mini science lab(astronomy, life-science, environmental, chemical) in each district and making them visit these labs school wise will develop interest and creates a space among them to discuss about science and technology. Every school should have a Science Room where students can be able to know about every Scientist and his/her achievements.
1 0 I would like to share my thought about harvesting the rain water,  generally it will go unused,  also creates problem when accumulated.  municipal corporations spends lots of money to overcome the problem.  I suggest that without harvesting arrengment the licence of new housing society shall not be issue. it should be compulsory req for new plan. If we regularised it will healp to so many problems and other disses related with this also reduces,
1 0 Activity based learning is the need of the hour.Learning should be fun, not a compulsion.Parents and teachers should not over-emphasize on grades but on learning.The curriculum of schools need to give proper weightage to activities and projects in the assessment of students.
2 0 To increase our young brigades interest in science, we need to teach them through practical knowledge. One example of MIT professor is attached in this post. We should host more science fair at city and state level to make others aware of the research. Also selected students should get a chance to go IIT or IISc institutions with scholarships and also a chance to join national research projects.
2 0 Dear Sir, I would suggest you to encourage people for Rain Water Harvesting in India, to save loss of water!
1 0 Digital Education System There is no Doubt Government is spending very huge funding for Indian Education System. Its time to rework on the Education system especially in govt schools. The major funding for this system goes as Salary for Teachers and Infrastructure. We can't Compromise with infrastructure but we can make this system as Digital by recording all the Lessons from the nursery to Higher Secondary with highly qualified tutors. This will make the students to play and replay the same..
0 0 To inform an important  Paradigm-Shift happening in health sciences. In a nutshell, Vegetarian foods are scientifically proved to cause numerous non-communicable diseases. On the other hand, exclusive non-vegetarian foods are curing and preventing every noncommunicable diseases. This scientific paradigm-shift is happening in the scientific world, also reached public in the developed world. This paradigm-shift would affect India as we are depending largely on agriculture
1 0 Hai i am mahendran from TN. I am worry about for farmers. because our national is very important agriculture work. but now your government increase the agri loan interest and 150 days work allotment for village people. i think only work allotment 23 to 55 age agricultural work and 55 above doing 150 days work allotment. because labour problem in agricultural area. Please avoid agricultural problem.
0 0 Need to improve primary education in the country.Also, English should not be medium of education in primary schools.
0 0 We have mobile app concepts like as below: Some of them, we are already working for development and some of them, still in concept. Need government to come up with a support solutions to help us. Ujjawal Bharat: A Ujjawal Bharat Abhiyaan Emergency Traffic Controller:Traffic Management Lipi:A Language Detection and Translator App My Universe:An SOS and Family Tracking Application Health Care Pro :A Complete Medical Solutions Mobile Optimizer:A Mobile Rescue application Vineet...
0 0 Hello Sir, The country lost it's own identity because of PRE and POST freedom. Right Now, we are moving everything towards western culture which is not our Identity. How do we utilize the potential of Mass People Power ? Every Other country Invest in our head and made the country as a big market. How do we change the Identity ?
0 0 I am a SERB-DST research fellow in NIT Durgapur.My research areas strongly relate to military and defense telecommunications. I have some novel technological developments which can help counter the menace of terrorism without human intervention. I can't discuss it in open forums. Please write to me or visit my website if interested: http://www.caretsite.in
2 0 Hi Guys. Today Examination Fees for all government Exams too high especially Bank exams and all. I am an obc candidate i Am unable to apply for those exam due high fees. please reduce examination fees and do common fees for all communities. I have knowledge but iam unable write exams because of exam. guys take it serious issue & support me. Jai hind
0 0 sir avishkar to hum be bahut karna chate hai, idea be bahut hai but ak kmi hai wo hai money, kyu ke ak project ke bnane ke liye minimum 1 lakh karcha aata hai, itna pesa ghr wale denge nahi, to sare idea bekar ho jate hai, ager aap har distic me ak bulding bna de jis me har tra ka smaan ho,or koi be studnet aa ke un par try kar ske or,wha group bna ke apne idea share kar ske,to muje lgta hai,humara desh duniya ka number one desh hoga technology or every fild me. dhanyabad shri narendra modi ji.
0 0 Here is the list... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PISA_2012 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programme_for_International_Student_Assess... www.oecd.org/pisa/keyfindings/pisa-2012-results-overview.pdf
0 1 Respected PM, Urge every commercial business firms to adopt a village in its neighborhood, to develop it in all aspects.
0 1 With due respect, My view is " don't underestimate the expert view" NCERT expert committee has done a tremendous job, which should be understand and implemented with practical approach by teachers. Please don't replace expert with a government puppet in important posts in RBI, Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) members, sports body etc. A knowledgeable person with good record in their field should be recruited. Our economy and sport activity shouldn't be spoiled by politics.
0 1 The Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr. Jitendra Singh has said that Northeast students in the age group of 6 to 18 years studying in Class 1 to 12 will be involved in the "Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan" launched by the Modi government. Dr. Jitendra Singh has disclosed this at a meeting with representatives of Northeast youth and student groups, here today as a maj
0 1 How Saji Thomas, a deaf-mute, built an aircraft with just Rs 14 lakh http://www.rediff.com/business/report/pix-special-amazing-story-of-saji-... if govt can help people like Saji, you will see more and more innovations happening in India. Everyone is born with an idea of doing something great in there childhood but it is lost in the fight of survival in adulthood.
0 1 India is not in this list at all...
0 1 This is the very powerful mission it can help India to do better than other countries if government help new innovators they will do something different.Presently India needs its own Technology because foreign technologies are not confidential.
0 1 Sir, Before choosing to study in any stream , students as well as their parents think about what after graduation in maths or physics. So, I think what is holding students interested in these fields is lack of better opportunities.
1 1 Hello sir... Apne anubhav ki kehta hu...science aur maths me mera intrest hai...lekin kuch bhi yad krna ya course ko study krna nahi achcha lagta...sirf books padhna hi achcha lagta hai...isliye marks kam aate hain...aise hi mere kuch mitra bhi hain...to aisi paristhiti me hum kaise research kr skte hai...kaise scientist ban sakte hain...aise me to kisi career counselor ki baat samaj me nahi aati.
0 1 Dear sir Regular monthly exams or competition tests be conducted for primary school government teachers From the test they earn points or rewards or any promotional offer Because its ultimate necessity of a good teacher to be updated. Its sad that mostteachers are spending their time only in their duty,not a little to update their quality Thanks Jai Hind
0 0 dear sir I think teacher should be regular learner. A government teacher should be provided with regular annual based educational tours throughout India And Then Their activities be Monitored by central government. In the tour Historical monuments visit Some special schools visit And Practicals on teaching technology be concluded
0 0 Mostly our education system is theoretical based. Some time can be allotted (say daily 1 hr) where students will learn the practical things on how to implement the gained knowledge. Aptitude, Communication, Image building can be a part of curriculum from Higher Secondary Class which will help us to make Skilled India. Vedic Maths can be very helpful.
0 0 Please Answer for these situations...
0 0 Respected prime minister It's a very bad news for us that we have lost SP punjab I would request you to please take some action over the terrorist place pak we Indians always say plz dont do this next time why dont we react they occupied our half j&k if the some forgiveness will carry on we will loose every thing so it's a request to you sir youth wants to see you reply in a tough way and plz do work on safer bullet profs and try to connect with R&D and bring new next generation weapons
0 0 This Abhiyan should have no age, education, area boundaries. Let it free for any innovator.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, 1. Every Govt. Employee should be accountable for his/her responsibilities,and one should be given sufficient task to perform, so he can generate revenue at least equal to his salary. 2. Now please do something for full and final for Pakistan, now this is beyond bearable limit.
0 0 Dear Sir, children will understand science and maths better when they learn how to apply it. Applying their knowledge in the real world through practical means will help in better understanding of the concepts. Hence it is essential to increase practical knowledge and encourage scientific research at the grassroot level. Curiosity will build when children see their knowledge being applied to tackle real world problems. Also please introduce "vedic Maths" in schools sir.
0 0 yes its very good activity of our government but its can't reach properly to urban peoples.................
0 0 Respected prime minister sir our view of a RASHTRIYA AVISHKAR ABHIYAN is the wonder ful alightment of develope ment of our state after bifurcation of state.the school level basic knowledge is important.
0 0 MAKE GOVT DEPARTMENT ACCOUNTABLE
0 0 Right from the primary level, projects should be given to students which will help them gain practical knowledge.Bookish knowledge is of no use if it can't be applied.Practicality is very important to emerge as a successful student.The exam system should change.Students should be given tasks and should be asked to conduct surveys and experiments to get the results.Present time problems should be given to them,they should be asked to give ideas to solve all these by using the knowledge they gain.
0 0 Dear Sir, Imho, people can excel only when they they themselves yearn to excel. While excellence can take its inspiration from several factors , one of the chief reasons is competition. If an environment of competition in science projects driving inventions and innovations, but more importantly inventions solving challenging problems by schools can be created and facilitated with incentives, if and only if certain parameters and targets are achieved,then some brilliant minds may outdo themselves
0 0 assert for practical knowladge not only theory. if we learn practically we can observe more then reading.
0 0 Aptitude of creativity and invention is developed in childhood stage by seeing the environment of science around him/her.Start mandatory programmes at school level to develop interest at early stage. Increase level of interaction between student and highly appreciated entrepreneurs to give a vision to students in direction of fundamental science. Such type of promotion should be included in course/syllabus of students at all stages of education.
0 0 ....but if there will be plateform in which they cant put there view's nd many of the studants are connected with each other. They can diacuss with each other. Nd the Researcher's nd phd,iit, niit studants are check their views. Nd if they like his view they can talk with person the subject i garruntee it it will revolutionalise the reserch field nd their should be freedom of work to that studant on lab who gave this idea.with iit or niit studant if that iit or any other studant want. .,on next.
0 0 Sir, it is very important work for us to motivate our children in the direction of research, nd u see why japan nd other contries are so devloped because they focus on research. And research is not like a any job in which you have to do what is sais to u It require new idea! There should be ur interest. Many times studants have many thoughts that yaar yeh cheej aise hoti to kisa hota nd many times they think in right direction but they can't go for research. Plese read my full view on other post
0 0 Anything we study has 3 aspects: Concept (what is being studied,what part), Context (the space in which what we are studying is relevant, where part) and Application (what is this useful for, how part). Today's education in India is more about rote learning without sharing the 'Context' or the practical 'Application' of those Concepts. Whatever Initiative is being planned please make sure that all these 3 components are included. I can contribute to design of curriculum if allowed to.
1 0 ->>>In our Schools & Collages Students are study only theorical subjects,not a little 'practical_subjects'... . ->>>So... i would request #MHRD to that Plz add 'Practicals_subjects' With theory... . than students are growing up and do all their work properly their self...
2 0 Move away from exam-oriented system to a year round marking system based on creative projects and practical applications of a student. Promote teaching as highly respected career rather than as a fall back opportunity so that experts covet these jobs. More government funded research Focus on soft skills and proficiency in English (as it is the primary language for academics worldwide) to enable technically sound scientists to communicate comfortably with their peers in the west.
0 0 Expand swachbharat Bharat kind of initiatives, where people play major role, in curbing corruption, entrepreneurship, eliminating hunger, shelter for poor and helping hand to debt stuck farmers. People will listen to you. Make them participate. Announce rewards and recognitions.
0 0 1. Eduction starts from home. So we must educate parents of the kids, not to neglet the questions thrown by the kids. If the parents don't know the answer they must atleast explore themself first and then answer the kids. 2. Instead of just theory lessons, kids should be allowed to practically do the things that they have learnt in their academics. Espcially govt schools and colleges are bad in lab infrastructure, that needs improvement.#RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan #MyGov #MHRD
1 0 It's very important that our learning has to be intuition based. So far, we learn maths and sciences (specifically, physics) as separate subjects even though both are interrelated. The ancient philosophers and scientists adopted this approach. The best example is Aristotle. He was a Greek philosopher and scientist. As long as we don't know why we learn all theorems and equations in maths, it won't make much sense (as we don't know where to apply in practical sense).
2 0 It is good to look at Schools, IITs, boys & girls for innovative ideas & inventive works. There is one great missing link in our system, which if taken care of could yield amazing results. All retiring Engineers, Scientists, Educationists etc. are left to wait for end after retirement. In fact by the time they reach stage of retirement they are the only ones who really know where & what is missing in the system & needed to be devised simply enough & that is the invention most needed around.
0 0 FiRST thing you should do make all subject in bhartiya bhasha which is understand by all children and all parents.school environment creates  user friendly and also do syllabus like a game its means topic releted to real life example and with practical experience and also motivate people and children for  technology and about  our country history.
0 0 We got to ask ourselves, does a child sitting in panchayat school at Akbarpur (UP) has the access to same knowledge material/content on science (or any subject)  as compared to a child studying in a private school at Pune ? if not, we got to use Digital technologies to bring them at par with other students then only we can inspire the kid in the rural area to take up science big time.. once they start seeing those experiments digitally they would be more engaged and motivated to take up science.
1 0 First to thanks our P.M. who is much more curious to do something better for our Nation. I think our country's measure population is belongs middle & bellow middle class, simultaneously, no. of average category student is large & they have neither financial support avail by family nor Govt. Govt support only topper student's which is very little. A large possibility left in dark. So, i think we should make our education cheaper & simple to entrance.Alongwith increase practical activity frm1
1 0 We must develop interest of students to study "pure sciences" in comparison to "Management" studies during graduation and post graduation to develop aptitude of scientific temper and inventions. Students oftenly jump to management courses like MBA after doing engineering , which ruins the technical approach of student.We need to develop scope after graduation in "R & D" to let our engineers explore new areas of technologies.
0 0 1>farmers are scared of using latest technology,so we have to make sure of compensation if anything went wrong. 2>provide irrigation infrastructure so that we don't have to dependent on MANSOON. 3>open agriculture university 4>promote research in engineering and Medical areas. 5>infrastructure and education in ITI. 6>motivate corporate sector to help in social reform.make some stringent policy in this area. 7>population growth rate.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please form a committee to review caste based reservation system in India, due to which many deserving candidates do not get desired seats in the desired field and they opt for going abroad! Due to this our cream is getting drained from India. India is suffering very heavily due to this appeasement policy. Please Sir, I have hopes with you! Please reform our education system to make things better for innovation and "Avishkar"! Thank you
0 0 Respected Pradhan Sewak, only not me but mostly people of this country want banning on Alcohol throughout country,so we want to you say something about this, this is the time when a debate can start in whole country,ban on alcohol,as you are following Gandhi Jee and you know very well that Gandhi Jee never support this. He always said that Alcohol ruined both soul and health of a person.
0 0 why are not use of nuclear energy for electicity?
3 0 Dear Modi Sir,1.please talk about youths and there involvement to develope the nation.youths can create a group to develope the area in and around them.most of them think about this.but they dont know how to start.So if you initiate sure everyone will follow it. 2.Govt schools should give equal level of knowledge to private schools.For that we have to develope some plans for government schools 3.corruption free India.Most of the govt officers involving in corruption.if we make complaint against them,vigilance team involving us to catch them.most of the govt officials are very powerfull in the area.So common peoples are afrainding to make complaint.please make some plan for this.
0 0 Also we can take lead to "Change the store procedure of food". Increase or allot the spaces for Food storages and safety.
2 0 respected sir As a belongs from middle class family our parents is likely to have a thinking of security as now parents think that if my son will study engineering or he/she will study this course then he/she will have a job.Nobody wants to take a risk.If a child wants to be anything in which he/she might fail parents use to avoid that thing irrespective of their child interest.So my suggestion is sir please make interest of parents to this issue by exploring the topic that stdnt can get sucess
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I have read the some of the acts under our IPS that they should/may be removed from our constitution. The link is : http://businessworld.in/economy-india-policy/15-really-stupid-laws-modi-...
0 2 What is the differenc betwen ppl lyk ajmal kasab and yakub memon. Yakub returned to expose the villainy of his own brother and kasab sprayed bullets on innocent ppl..but india is planing 2 hand yakub....what kind of justice is this?  Guys we can do something to save yakub...he has been in jail for 2 decades for providing evidence to indian agency
0 0 i want to discus about yakub memon's case.I know this is not the place to discus about it but i could'n find any place to have a discusion on this topic thats why i am writing here.So what you all think about yakub memon? Is he a terrorist? Guys he is not a terrorist. Infact he provided evidence against his brother who was involved in 1993 serial blasts. Indian agencies could'n find tiger thats why they are hanging yakub in his place.he came as a gandhian but now we are planing 2 hang him. Great
0 0 Share Your Views...M.Vishweshwaraiyya museum at bengluru 's visit,training,pls make compulsory to teachers and students of poly and degree of science engineering and technology.
0 0 Nehru Science Center in Mumbai and other cities are very good establishments for students and youngsters. However, they are not maintained well, the equipment is broken & not working. This reduces the footfall & kills the interest of students. 1. Make all such establishments ALWAYS WORKING. 2. All the schools must bring the students at least once/academic year for one-day. 3. Promote STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) at school level.
0 0 I want to work with Digital India Programme in Madhya pradesh Dist. Morena . So please give a suitable solution. regards Girraj Tyagi
1 0 Please instruct teaching team to encourage students with any kind of innovative ideas been brought irrespective of age caste creed etc. As almost all the students are clever and will be having some idea on all sort of issues. Encouragement is more important than success. Request the govt to take this platform in those lines for brighter India.
0 0 Sir, There is a need of Ministry of Innovation & Conservation.
1 0 Abolish the menace of 'Reservation' from this country. Deserving youth will always be deprived of opportunity as long as this system prevails. Major factor behind Brain drain is again this Devil (Reservation). High scorers (of General category) don't get admitted in good colleges because a low scorer (of reserved category) already has a reserved seat. How would talented youth innovate for the country if they don't get the right platform/education?
0 0 we have more educated youths but we are little lack in our skill.its our duty to improve the skillfull youth in their educational institution.
1 1 Dear PM Sir 1. Indian Population - 1.252 Billion, GDP - 2.308 Trillion(9th in the World - Nominal) and a HUMAN DEVELOPMENT INDEX of only - 0.586 (135th in the World). 2. Sir Statistically Speaking we have everything to be self - dependent nation with high HUMAN Development, what we lack is the willingness. I urge you to please convey the NATION, please CONTROL THE POPULATION GROWTH - . Have only 1 kid or ADOPT A CHILD so that upcoming years of our country can see a developed nation.
1 0 Dear Prime Minister, Kindly talk about our Farmers. How we are going to do the Agriculture Revolution(VIVASYA PURATCHI in Tamil Language). S.Rajagopalan.
0 0 we also initiate exhibition or real life practicals of science we should not only focus on books but teach practically . so our students go In NASA ISRO
0 0 We pioneer more investment in space exploration, encourage privatization of military technology, strengthen research and develop close collaboration between academia, industry, NGO and government. This will help establish demand. Young generation of tomorrow must know a future awaits them in india if they pursue degrees in science and math.
2 0 To create curiosity among young minds towards science and mathematics we have to take these subject out of the syllabus preview means emphasis should be on the science practice then just a syllabus fulfillment.Though for a student syllabus is important but teachers have to inculcate in one the curiosity so that student take it as the life science.Other point is demonstrating the 3d practical in front of students or by taking them to lab and chemistry labs so that they may able to learn science.
0 0 According to me in this abhiyan we should cover computer teaching in schools because as your policies everything is going on digital so we need manpower teach them computer .
0 0 Dear Sir, Innovation is one of the key parameter for the progress of any country, we need to support innovation in all the fields, here I would like to bring in your notice that in last 5 years a number of pharmaceutical companies have either closed their R & D involved in innovation in the field of Drug Discovery or paid less attention because of  huge cost involved and also Government policies. Requesting you to do some thing to boost innovation based industries like Pharma drug discovery
0 0 put prizes for new new avishkars u will see how many entries will come
0 0 Dear Sir, I would like to talk you about the BASIC DEVELOPMENT of the POOR PEOPLE in INDIA. One of the most biggest intolerable things I noticed is the GARBAGE CLEANERS, you know, they don't have the proper suits to work. We are speaking about the Work Satisfaction, but where is that for them. Why cant we offer the Quarters for them, educate their peoples. Until and unless, we don't concentrate on the those peoples, CLEAN INDIA is not achievable.Attaching you one image, that shows what is INDIA.
0 0 We should take the ideas from state and nation science exhibitions. My self along with my friends have been participated in so many exhibitions where we have seen the creativeness of our young minds. We should encourage such exhibition and provide them a forum where they can share their Avishkars.
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir I request you that "Hey Mere Vatan Ke logo" Song (Writer Pradeep ) should be rewarded as equelent to Nation enthum at this 15th Aug. 2015. & writer pradeep should also be rewarded at this 15 th Aug.And also at every 15 th Aug this song should be play after/before National enthum.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, In order to create a curiosity among young minds for mathematics ,please have a look at an initiative http://flygrades.com/ which I saw on internet.
0 0 I taught Mechanical Engineering in a reputed University for 40 years and produced some of leading engineers working Globally. I joined a private engg. college in Moradabad after retirement. I find not a single student knows about atmospheric pressure.No school in Moradabad whether a government or private has a simple device like a barometer which does not cost more than Rs.1000.00. This is the state of our schools.Unless we improve the education in schools, we can't progress. Please provide basi
0 0 Dear PM, Sir,it was so good of you yesterday to refer about the 'Vinay Jindal' incident in 'Mann ki Bat',the incident that carried us off.Sir,being a youngster,I request you to please tell people about how important is to follow security rules so that such incident cannot be repeated.Sir,I also request to make such amendments that make the people take seriously the traffic rules. Thanking You Himanshu Bansal
0 0 For Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan to achieve its goal I think...1) Enable Students to Think out of the Box. 2) Ensuring better learning and felicities for experimentation in High Schools, 3) Organise Science & Maths & Social business Design Labs in each high School and between high schools in the administrative districts of India. Ensure at least Five entries form each class. Reward 3 best entries in each categories in each school and in each district. this should be an annual event Pan India.
0 0 Catch them Young and groom them in Integral Science Campus.The brightest of the bright students at Primary schools may be spotted to be groomed into country's scientists, mathematicians in four ISCs set up in four regions with specially designed schooling, graduation, post graduation and Phds all expenses borne by the State.
0 0 In simple words,although we have some good and well talented professor,university and training institute why we fail to born an intelligent student?. Because,education system is not powerful compare to china,USA and many more.our mind can think only in picture never words.As per my view,program should be like that to serve practical knowledge in every field as much as possible.
0 0 1)Moral Education: - Blind faith on religion, god, superstition, etc. should be abandoned, it is spread by parents, teachers, priests, etc. We shall teach only thing which is logically explainable. This will aid children to accept only logic 2)Every Theory should back by practical understanding. 3) Teachers Shall be accessed for their teachings on periodical level by their superiors and their results shall be linked to their performance. Thank You. #MHRD,#RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan,#MyGOv
0 0 Introduce Hackathons as a concept in higher school, colleges and university. A hackathon is an event in which participants of skillsets come together with a specific focus to provide a solution for a certain cause. It could simply mean a discussion or a solution for a social cause or simply provide innovating solutions. This shall not only liberate minds but also help encourage the students to look at real life scenarios in a more pragmatic manner
1 0 Honorable PM Mr. Narendra Modi Ji  I am Arun Kumar S/o Mr. Ramesh Chandra. I Have also created a website by inspiring your program Digital India. Named Digital Locker(www.arundigitallocker.somee.com); I want to learn More but I Can't from some Financial situation. I hope You saw my website and think about me. Thank You. Your Indian Citizen Arun Kumar vill Premganj Post Bangarmau District Unnao Uttar Pradesh India. Mo No 8896687598
0 0 Rape Rape..a social crime.. causing disturbance in any person's mind..We can create a social Army to solve this issue.. We need to bring in people together .. we need a platform to enabel this.. I have written a detailed explanation about the idea in a blog.. Below is the link: http://socialarmyindia.blogspot.in/2015/03/rape-save-sisters-save-mother...
0 0 ?????? ???????????? ?? ??? ???? ????????? ???????? ?????? ?? ?????? ????? ?? ?? ???? ???? ?? 8th class ?? ?? students ?? ??? ?? ???? ???? system ??? ??? ? 10th class ???? students ?? ??? all india  ????? ?? ?????????? ?????? ?? ?? science  subject ?? ? ??? students ?? ??????? ?? ??? ????? ? ?? ?? exam ??? ??? marks ???? ???? students ?? ????????? ?? ???? ??? ??? IIT PMT ?? AIIMS ?? exam  ?? 5number extra ??? ???? ? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ????? ??? ??? ?????? ?? ??? ?? ???? ??????? ???? ??? post ?? ????? ???? ?? ?? real talent ?????? ?? ??? ?? ?? ???? ?? ???? ?? ??? ??? ????????? ???? ?? IIT ,AIIMS , NLUS ,  ??? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ????? ??? ??? ??? ?? ?? state domicile ???? ?? ???? ??? ??? ???? ????? ? ???? ?? clat ??? ???? ??  NLU Patiyala ?? ?? ???? punjab ???? ?? ??? seats ??????? ???? ?? ? ?? ?? ??? example ??  ??? ??? ??? ?? state ??? ?? ? ????? rajasthan ?? NLU JODHPUR ?? ???????? ???? ?? ??? ?????? ???? ?? ?? ????? ??? ?? state ???? ???? ???? ????? ????? real talent ??? ???? ?  ?? ???? ??? ??? CBSE board ??? ?? gradeing  system ?? ??? ?? ???? ????? ?
0 0 We can create curiosity in young minds for science and mathematics by recruiting a competent teachers, by creating working environment in academic institution, giving proper regards of teachers in society, by giving better life to teachers and person working in science and technology institution, by giving proper regards and due for person related to these area so they can feel their responsibility and nationality.
1 0 I believe that science and all these are necessary but don't force children to be a machines. Only start computer education at certain age as it harms their memory power and health. I have started learning computer in age of 15 but today I can say I know most of techs. I have never seriously studied in school but still I'm the top translator of Gujarati and Hindi (https://twitter.com/ketnn) Make science learning an interesting and creative process. First improve basic amenities like Internet.
0 0 Present scenario most kendriya vidyalay sangathan schools the study pattern is too bad for students.continous 4 periods for same subject theory class at a day,no practical sessions this makes students bored.creativity sessions should be made every day in school to praise young minds.
0 0 DEAR MODI SIR, Kindly speak on below mentioned facts 1. Grow trees on day of 15Aug grow one tree name of Independence , more than 1 Arab tree can be grow and it will increase environment of our country. 2. Parents should focus they Daughters also can do anything they also can achieve goal , please suggest peoples "girls ko aagge ane do: and in village also should have indipence that education woman should have "sarpanch " of village
0 0 Also it is important that this all stats from very first level when we introduced them first time with maths or science... coz we all Know first impression is last impression... if they found it fun they will surely follow it from the first time it self.
0 0 Curiosity CanB Created Through Giving a Complete View Abt DMerit Subjects&Their Advantages Which Are Capable Of Changing Their Lifestyles Completely NowR In DFuture. 2Improve Their Skills_A Skilled Educational Counselor/ling Classes Are Recommended For The Students 4Once In 3Months_So That They Could Learn Grasping DThings Thru Eyes/Ears/Heart. Moral Studies Should Be Thought 1nce In a Week_It Teaches Them Not 2Misuse Their Skills. NCC&NSS_Alone Can Generate Mny GrtThings Including Curiosity.
0 0 Sir, I believe that science and maths only can be learn from creative gaming ideas as we all know maths is a game of numbers & science is game of chemicals, formulas,equations etc. So only creative and interesting can make every student to learn it easily as well as they will do it by their own wish. Parents don't need to push them to it.virtual libraries, creative workshops & real life use of maths as well as science will definitely encourage students to learn it.
1 0 Setting up of Virtual labs: I believe that procuring laboratory instruments for every school could be financially challenging. The Ministry of Education can develop a website similar to NPTEL, where primary education is taught more interactively with the use of animation and virtual labs. MHRD is doing a great job with virtual labs for Science and Engineering. A similar approach to primary education will be a great idea.
2 0 Setting up of National libraries in India: I am a student in Singapore and I have observed that the government library (http://www.nlb.gov.sg/) facilities here are amazing. I would love to see our PM set up similar libraries in India. These libraries will not only incite curiosity in young minds, they will be first step in promoting self-tutoring - one of the most important life skill.
0 0 sir science astonishing to children if it is taught creatively, govt should encourage more such programmes like inspire program and others
2 0 Hi Mr. PM, Please set norms to all government and private schools in India to have minimum basic facilities such as Computer labs, Science labs, a library etc. There are many schools in India engaged in rote learning - mugging textbooks and passing exams. Students are deprived of practical exposure because of lack of laboratory facilities. I believe that stringent implementation of rules to provide basic requirements of library and laboratory facilities in primary education can go a long way
0 0 To teach Mathematics, only way is to encourage children to use currency in daily life from the very beginning.They need to dream, apply, and think , imagine the various concepts in daily life. Teachers and parents need to play major role. Lots of workshops to be conducted to teach concepts in play way method.Only practical will generate interest rather than bookish knowledge. More focus to be paid on quality knowledge than quantity .As to whom we have to prove  in the long run? Perfection is mus
0 0 Sir,only family income is solution for 98% problems in india.when family income developed then india developed.they can solve not only their problems others problems also.
0 0 I have something more critical to share and suggest on Skill Development, but that area is closed. How can i show or suggest the same? i have a practical model itself to share, this means i need an appointment. i can not share it in public. it is a successful international working model, which operates in India also for last 5 years( in private domain) and i want to show how it can be  ramped up for more and more public benefit by bringing it in govt sector. I need an appointment
0 0 Until and unless we allow our children to experiment from the very beginning of the growth years. They will not get attracted to both the subjects.Parents need to provide children with creative toys to use them and experiment with them.Labs in the schools need to be used extensively rather then making a decorative pieces.Teachers need to click the pics of the invention and show them later to encourage students.Even small invention will make the difference.
0 0 Contd from previous post..... 8. look at the various talents in various companies of industries ..scientists,business strategists, finance & human resource executives, performance and resource development executives. these people can contribute a lot to these schools development, Teachers soft skill development, students soft skill & leadership development and their over all nationalistic views. Also they can contribute to the curriculum development.
1 0 Cntd from previous post... 4. this will give the poor man's children exposure to the latest developments in science & technology(referring to your 26th Jul Man mi Baat) 5. Industries can see the key talents in government schools & colleges well early 6. the children from villages will not get left out in the "coaching class coached" candidates for key jobs( employment for yought) 7.this also change the perception on industry from public
1 0 Teachers should be well trained and they should take up more responsibility than they are right now. Also, field trips can be conducted for all schools to ISRO and other scientific institutes, so that it will increase the curiosity among the school children to study science.
2 0 We should first focus on strengthening the available scientific community in India. Focus on why there is so much of brain drain. One live example that I have is of my Friend who is enrolled under ICMR program and doing his PhD from AIIMS. It's been more than a year he has not received his stipend. Inspite of several requests made at the office concerned, nobody has bothered to pay attention to it. How can somebody with age over 30 and having 5+ publications survive without stipend. #MHRD,#MyGov
3 0 Dear Sir, i have one key suggestion for the schools & colleges. 1. please bring in industries to partner with government schools & colleges ( not private schools or colleges) 2. You can say each company from various industry can choose to have minimum one government school and maximum can be any number to partner with and mentoring the system, infrastructure and support in academics. 3. this will help the poor people' children get better exposure and improve the stadandards of thr educatio
0 0 Share Your Views...there should be lab for children's in which they can do things practically. study should not depend cramming we should teach students practicly then study become interesting and students will get attracted with science
0 1 I invented a device which can help India to fight with poverty, terrorism and can generate humanity and peace in all the villages and cities of world. Historically biggest invention ever. Need attention urgently. We can easily finish terror with my invention of a small machine.
0 0 Sabse pahle teachers ko train karna padega ki wo bachon ko is type se teach karein jisse bachon mein intrest paida ho naki wohi formal padhai ke method se unhein ratto tota banate rahein.
0 0 My Ph.D from India and at present working in USA as researcher, what i had found here they open platform for  my  ideas and encourage to implement it in better way with collaborative ways. can we do our research/innovation programs by more interdisciplinary and collaborative approach rather focusing only on one sector? for example Our engineers don't talk with Doctors ad our doctor didn't understand rules of  bio/medengineering and innovation.
2 0 Sir, please encourage more practical classes than theory classes . It will always be interesting to attend labs session than sitting and listening to lectures . Also change the pattern of exams . Instead of having scheduled exams, surprise tests will help the students to always be ready for any exam . And most important remove the concept of reservations . Give a confidence to the younger generation that talent alone prevails .
0 0 Sir do we really think that each student will connect to this abhiyan. I dont think so because we all are inviting those students for doing something innovative who never think or try for innovation. and the reason behind all this is the trend of education system. Now the question is what can we or you can do. The answer is simple just add a compulsary subject for class six to PG in which each student must summit a innovative/creative project yearly which make students think/work of innovation
0 0 This is regarding encouraging innovation in engineering. Why not we make compulsory in engineering college to submit one idea at national level. We store that ideas in center database and analyse it. After that best 100 ideas will be financially sponsored my government.
0 0 Sir, I would suggest a interactive session with the students to know how they want to learn Science, Mathematics and Technology. Its a fact I have seen that the problem is most institution focus on Science, Mathematics and Technology through theoretical approach and some focuses on practical approach but a student need a balance between both.
0 0 Dear Sir I  still remember that during my School day  i was't  like text book and study becoz it was so complicated and difficulty in understand can we do it vry simply with more illustrative formats?. Like apple computer ? it is so simply that any can understand and start to use within min?
0 0 Sir suggestion to inspire the youngsters for mathematicians and scientists: Today's youngsters are only crazy for packages and status. So govt should think upon it to encourage / inspire the youngsters. Just announce good packages, good working atmosphere and high status for this and then you can achieve your target.. Thanks
0 0 pranam sir, I am belong to madhyapradesh. I have studying in uttarpradesh .Sir i have share students feeling about to  state government jobs system, policy, criteria, cancellation of exam, paper out matter, corruption clearance of jobs in long time. Sir  present  Madhyapradesh gov many exam cancel without region and not proper guideline those are postpone to long time and many scam and corrupt so student are scary for our future & angry for gov plz do some immediately
1 0 ?????? ???????????? ???? ?? ????????? ???????? ?????? ?? ???? ???? ????? ???? ?? ????? ?? ?? ?? ?????? ???? ?? ??? ???? ?? ????????? ?????? ?? ?????? ??? ?? ????? ?? ?? ???? ?? ????? ??? ??? ?? ????????? ??????? ?????? ?????  ??? ?? ?????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ?? ???? ???? ?????????? ??????? ?? ????? ???? ???? :-- 1.  ????? ???? ??? ???? ???? ???? ?? ????? ?? ?? ?? ??? ??? ??? ????? ????? ???? ?? ??? ?? ???? ???? ???????? ???? ?? ???  ???? ???? ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? ?? ?????? ??? ?????? ?? ??? ??? ?? ??  ??? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?????? ?? ?????????? ????? ???? ?? ???? talent ?? ????? ??? ?? 2.  ???? ??? skill development ???? ???? ?? ??   ???? ???? ?????????? ?? ????????? ???????? ?????? ?? ??? ?????? ??? ?? ?????? ?? ???? ?? ??? ?????? ????? ?? ?? ????? ??? ???? ???? ?? ???????? ?? ? 3.  ?? ?????? ?? ??? ???? ?????????? ?? ?? ??  ???? ?? ?????? ????????? ??? lab ?? ??????? ???? ????? ?? lab ?? ???????? ???? ????? ?????? ?? ?? ????? ?? ??  ???? ??? talent ?? ??? ??? ??? ???  ???? ???? ?????? ?? ?? ?? ???? ?? ????? ?? ????? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ?? ?? ??? ?? ????? ??? ??? ??? ?? ????  ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?? ??? ?? ?? ????? ??? ?? ??? ????? ???????????? ???? ?? ????? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?????? ???? ?? ????????? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? ?? ?? ??? "?? ?????  ??  ????"
0 0 Indian teachers have a habit of prescribing thick books only because they have a hide number of questions. We should discourage this practice because this Asian prevents children from being creative and emphasises route learning. Some books should only be for teachers.
1 0 Sir Hamare desh ke gaavo ki education system ka bhut bura haal hai,jiske tahat garib baccha usme fans kr brbad ho jata hai Private college ki fee itani adhik hoti hai ki vo de nhi skta ,scholarship us bacche ko milti nhi hai yadi vo baccha government college jata hai to vaha par padai nhi hoti hai Aur har jagah par corruption ke chakkar me fans jata hai uski padai nhi ho paati hai Private institute pahale lubhavne vigyaapan dekar us bacche ka addmission kra lete hai pir rupye ki demand krte
1 0 In exams, stop making questions that are present inside the book. Like we do in physics. Make books useless and make sure that teachers actually teach stuff rather than just read the books in class. This will also increase attendance. Take questions from outside the books so that children actually have top do some research to find the answers. The harder they work the smarter they will be and will not have to attend any coaching centers and waste time and money listening to the same thing again
0 0 Get rid of the boards and have teachers write letters of recommendation for all their students. Don't just have a delegate sports quota for the finest but also give a chance to other good atheists etc. Increase inter college sorts competitions. All this will allow the students to think out of the box rather than just craning the books. To ensure that children are learning, make sure that the student teacher raids in all the classes are low and put a ban on coaching centres for entrance exams.
0 0 Sir the first thong is that you should not portend to be listening to the people when you are not. If you really want to make the innovation in India compete with with the innovation in the US etc. start off by abolishing reservation. Then stop the universities from giving out strict cutoffs because they encourage rote learning in schools.Make sure that the projects children make are originals.To understand what I mean,just take a look at the american system of education and college admission
0 0 Sir Our education system is such that we are only going to score good marks in either way by any means.  So it reduces the innovativeness nd creativity which otherwise must be there to inculcate scientific temper in new generation so there is a need to overhaul our current system in education
0 0 @narendramodi Let's show them HOW, even before taking them to BLACKBOARD... After long 30yrs, I still remember school took us to Nehru Planitorium for an animated on biology of human body... I am convinced that probably it was the only first trigger for what I am today. We know that our rural counterparts must not have had such access to technology.... Even today... We need to make huge investment... in terms of willingness, passion, innovative implementation & money.. Collective efforts
0 1 Below advice implementation is possible in 01 day becz minister’s sallery hike in 01 day. 01)Every transaction of any citizen should online irrespective of amount can eliminate almost all crime & corruption etc. 02)Mandate of citizens SMS referendum for Voting process & any Bill imple. can eli. almost all cri. & corr. etc. 03) Avoid malnutrition to every Child to get basic needs like right to food/play etc. 04)Minister whose job r not OK by referendum should instant terminated by all power.
0 0 by Including Vedic Mathematics in the lower classes. Kids will automatically find interest in this and think ahead. Select few kids in each school, group them, feed them with the alternative approaches for maths and science. if succeed, this trial programs can be part of regular study. I am a strong supporter of Vedic mathematics.
0 0 There is no way that that the Indian "education" system can be improved. It must be rooted out lock, stock and barrel. We must replace it with something that does not teach our kids to become automatons, learning science and mathematics by rote. Our current system is designed to systematically snuff out all creativity and innovation from our kids' minds. We teach our kids to mindlessly imbibe concepts that are totally foreign to us. We have a lot of "engineers" but we can't engineer anything.
0 0 In our country ppl r obsessed with reality shows. Previously ppl wanted their child to be become doc or engi. Now they want them to become singer,dancer,actor. Something like quiz contest which was a hit years back should be started. HRD should have one dept which only does treasure hunt in terms of finding scholar students,fund them till their Ph.D and when education is over, the scientist should work for govt for certain no. of years.instead of working for MNC. N ofcourse pay good to scientist
0 0 EMPHASIS MAY BE GIVEN ON AGRICULTURE SPECIALLY LOWCAST INPUT SUCH AS LIQUID BIOFERTILSER SPECIALLY ANNOUNCEMENT OF LIQUID BIOFERTILSER TECHNOLGY MISSION FOR SPREAD THIS BIOTECNOLGY IN EVERY CORNER OF INDIA WHICH MAY HELP THE SECOND GREEN REVOLUTION VERY RAPIDLY FOR SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OF AGRICULTURE
0 0 I am a preschool owner and I have learnt that an environment for innovation is created when teachers and parents teaches a child "HOW" to think and not "WHAT" to think. Even toddlers can create something amazing in such environment. So I believe that teaching methods, teacher training programs, counselling for parents and students and govt involvement in making sure more quality engineering, research and incubation centres can definitely result in better quality n quantity of scientists.thanks.
0 0 As the demands of the mobiles and computers going to continue, We should also start making hardwares for these items.
0 0 by emphasising on more practical knowledge rather than theoretical knowledge. we r always taught only theoretical knowledge based on cramming.
0 0 As many of our exams like banking and all other are taking online. why marks and result are not declared at same day or marks are not declared weathered there is any setting any server for these, as per my opinion the marks and merit list should declared on same time after submission of answersheet
0 0 There should some changes in prelimenery test of civil service examination as upsc holding written test, now many of exams are taking online so, civil service pre should be online
0 0 change the method of our education system and exam system that target only in getting 100% marks. It does not evaluate the skill, promote creativity,
0 0 Private tuition classes can contribute effectively in the #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan. Also, the nearby shops, retail stores, restaurants, malls can also contribute in various experiments in one or the other way - depends on what the students are working on.
0 0 On my point of view many intelligent scholars have precious innovative ideas ,they invented things but they can't share their ideas because they think that anyone can stole their idea and copy their projects . so I would like to say that make a officially website where everyone has a private account and they store their thoughts in there and if their talk about their idea no other member see their idea only responsible & officially person can see their idea & individually message them. Thank you
0 0 All computer science professionals or the relevant personnel, who stay near to these schools can contribute to the #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan much more easily vis-a-vis professionals who have to travel. It's a win-win for both the students and the professionals. So how does the #MHRD map the name of the buildings adjacent or in the proximity of the schools is a question that needs to be answered.
0 0 Civil society kupwara has taken a serious note of negligent approach of j&k government, j&k Education department as it fails to come up with short list of those candidates who have applied for accountant ,Je ,resource teachers and class iv posts under serva shiksha abhyan (SSA) scheme in 2014 .Despite lapse of two years the department is paying no heed to the issue and is least bothered about the wastage of precious time and burning issue like un- employment.This is the final intimation to the J&k government,j&k Education department in this regarding to settle the issue within two weeks time otherwise be ready to face the legal way. (CIVIL SOCIETY KUPWARA )
0 0 Simply our method of teaching i.e, being more practical than theoretical must be encouraged among the students for more innovations.
0 0 Computer science can be a very intriguing way for students to learn maths and science as it develops their logical thinking.Computer Languages like c , c++ , java can be taught as they make theory's  of mathematics and science practical.For eg Pythagorean theorem in mathematics can be programmed step by step making the process of the theorem very understandable making students realize the beauty in numbers thus in mathematics. It also leads creating an valuable skill .
0 0 Sorry, my previous messages are not the solutions to the question posed. By oversight I gave my views for a  totally different topic.
0 0 We are following the same way of teaching since a decade basically in primary schools, we must have practical based learning with visuals and graphics, which will bring interest in kids.Also we should teach "the purpose of education is education an self improvement" not any  profession.
0 0 In such physical demo classes, demo of how miniature hot air balloon with helium when untied goes up up and away while other balloons dont, shd be shown. How film projections on screen with film strips work. How miniature robotics work. students should be awe struck by such scientific phenomena through physical experience and should be encouraged to perform on his or her own. It should be a much relief from boring  rote learning and learning by fun should start.
0 0 5) For the above activities to take place during the child's SIXTH to TENTH standard, teachers training models and methods should be given national importance. 6) Team sports should be given importance in schools during SIXTH to TENTH again. They will learn first hand the values of team spirit, unity, hard work, brotherhood, importance of synergy (Credit to Mr. Chetan Bhagat for this point mentioned in "The three mistakes of my life" 7) Shouchalay should be made mandatory in all schools
0 0 We as school students used to long for physical education period every week whereby we can play any game to our heart. Similarly apart from normal classes, science learning should be introduced through fun and enjoyment so that students should eagerly wait for that class. This period should not be encroached by other teachers for rote learning to cover backlog portions. In this period, physical demonstrations, self attempt should be ways of pedagogy.
0 0 3) Classes SIXTH to TENTH should have access to a good physics, chemistry and biology lab. Practical knowledge should be given priority rather than rote memory and fixed pattern of exams 4) A good teacher can change the lives of a number of his/her students and create a lasting impression in the minds of young children (6th TO 10th). Teachers nurturing students in their formative years must be trained exceptionally well and shud feel the responsibility of gifting good citizens to the society
0 0 We must take lessons from countries who are very good in science and mathematics and adapt the best models for use in our country. Lastly, children should be taught well without focus on marks scored. We need to have an education model that allows children to imagine, visualize their subjects, let them experiment with ideas must exist. assessment and progress can always be based on certain metrics instead of marks scored
0 0 We need to have the right course material, that suits the needs of times and with an outlook for next 20 years. Children should not be burdened with unnecessary study material. Course material must be chosen with care, only what is needed must be taught. We can have Sunday science clubs for children, where capable subject matter experts will help children learn subjects and develop interests in science and mathematics.
0 0 Request respected team to start with innovation or avishkar by applying technology in agricultural field. As our country known by this and it is our back bone of our country. Hence time to give strength to this feild. This will help to link new generation with our back bone. As per knowledge from the day freedom no govt. Has taken any step towards this. This will be the first govt and last who can do this. Thanks and regards
0 0 Teachers need to tell children stories of how great minds in science and innovation identified issues and handled those issues towards great discoveries. We need teachers who teach the right things to our children, the right way always. We need several teacher training institutes (centers of excellence) for refresher courses
0 0 First thing we need are very good teachers, who will have in depth understanding of the subject, they should be able to teach children with empathy by working with them. They should be able to let children visualize, imagine and dream of the subject topics being taught. Instead of marks, let the children learn the subject well, by visualization, imagination and laboratory experiments
0 0 sir,few years back ndtv channel used to show a program where it used to discuss about various innovations which were inspiring like ac in tractor,refrigerator made out of clay etc.why can't we start a similar initiative on DD channel,sir a coca cola ad gets just 1 minute and it convinces many minds,why can't news channels can spend just 1 minute on there channel and can show atleast 1 innovation in this period,it will help innovators and will also motivate many others,will also help industry too
0 0 Dear Pradhan Manthriji, 1) Classes SIXTH to TENTH must be given utmost importance. Focus should be more on interactive teaching, practicals, group assignments 2) In a class room of 30 - 40 students, the child should develop courage to stand up and clear his doubts rather than idly staring at the board or teacher. Teachers should encourage the children to question and question and further question them in the classroom. 3) Classes SIXTH to TENTH should have access to a good physics, ch
0 0 To achieve this first we should start attracting and convincing good professional towards teaching field. Teaching must be first choice for any professional. Apart from this government should start at least modern school with all research facilitates in every district. One more thing recruitment of teaching and non teaching staff must be done through strict and smart process. Thanking you.
0 0 Encourage Ham Radio in schools. Make the Ham Radio licensing process quick and simple. The awareness of this field is pretty low among Indians. It would help the student to take much interest in science. Students would themselves get motivated to study science further.
0 0 what i suggest you sir is very crucial, first of all we should look into our roots, that we often use to ignore,do you know that Einstein himself registered 16 patents, which were purely explored by our saints, in earlier mythological stories, all we need is to teach our students to see what our ancestor have find and most of the countries are reading our mythological books and stories and exploring,so we must manifest these things either in our students mind or put in syllabus..must consider...
0 0 The guy in my picture is an excellent teacher, he is a character from a Hollywood series called the Breaking Bad. The way of teaching should be like that! Ignore the rest of the story.
0 0 have studied in Indian government schools in 90's and in private institutes and engineering in India and when I went abroad to study my masters and PhD I realised how downtrodden our teaching is. Not by content, not by subject but by the way of teaching that has made the society so weak that they fail to realise what's good and what's bad. I mean an educated man will never throw stuff on road still he does, it's not that no one told him not to, when he was in school but he still does. Why?
0 0 Need to first analyse government teachers capabilities who on ground level analyse, approve and motivate for avishkaar.I think as per current level our teachers have not such capabilities due to lapses in appointment of them.First to improve qualities in them to launch such kind of projects.Banjar bhoomi par Baag lagane ka kya phayda, usne to sukhana hai.Another suggestion to please stop reservation system for such kind of projects where a general category student avishkaar rejected due to this.
0 0 and at that time we used to remember our grandmom and grandfather when we had bundle of piles of paddy on our head we used to compare our life with govt. job employee fellow see their children need not to do anything and their children used to top in class their children used to get right education their children used to get in higher education like IIT and IIM but we were no where, because whenever we used  to demand our parents anything they used to start crying ,,,,,,,
0 0 I would like to share my personal experience,during engineering my weakest subject was maths.But I some how managed to pass it.One of the topic was Fourier Series which was kind of easy but when i got confused i search youtube,when i searched youtube 4 Fourier series i got one video from MIT where the explanation was awesome because the pragmatic view was shown their so kindly increase pragmatic education,increase practicals,make imagination count,we should avoid mugging
0 0 DEAR PM MODI PLEASE MAKE INDIA INDEPENDENT FROM CAST SYSTEM ON THIS INDEPENDENCE DAY.EQUAL OPPORTUNITY SHOULD BE GIVEN TO ALL
0 0 DEAR PM MODI PLEASE MAKE INDIA INDEPENDENT FROM CAST SYSTEM ON THIS INDEPENDENCE DAY.EQUAL OPPORTUNITY SHOULD BE GIVEN TO ALL
0 0 Teachers are urgently needed to be trained once again to implement the modern way of teaching, this doesn't require any extra technology it's just needs a new way to look at things. If you are travelling to a developed country please visit a school at the lower level and compare it to that of India. The teacher in India will probably have more theoritical knowledge but will lag behind the teacher of that school in teaching technique and knowledge transfer skills. Same goes for higher institution
0 0 2) We had no money to read the tuition to get the right education 3) And the worst scenario was there whenever there used to be exams at that time eventually we had to cut the crops and we had to leave the examination preparation so in such a scenario we could not have prepared well, and we used to get the less marks, I challenge sir when I was of 10 years of age I used to carry 50 bundles of paddy bundled in a rope from a mile distance to my home, oh my god it is really very painful sir.
0 0 MR. MODI-There are many talented students who sucide because there are lack of medical colleges in india they do preparation of about 2 year and give exam many times to get admission in mbbs.into the fact we have 2200 seats all over india but there are about 6 lakh people who fill aipmt form. And this is not enough our old upa government put 53% reservation .by which only 1200 people allowed to do mbbs.there should be an equality. Cast system is a old thing when since our country got indepentce.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Here is my suggestion. Please do something great for our poor farmer, since i am also a farmer's son. 1) Farmer's sons and daughters they do not get adequate food, education, clothes and they start working in field leaving education aside, they help their parents from the age of 6, even I used to do the same sometimes we had no money and time to study because if we would not have done so we would not have full year grains to fill our stomach. will be continued ....
0 0 In our schools I believe we are taught not educated. Meaning that we teach 2x2=4, but fail to point out why 2x2=4. We just say 2 into 2 is 4 instead of 2 times 2 makes 4. This may not make sense but when this is applied practically in every aspect of science a lot of difference can be seen when looking to understand concepts of the modern science and research. This is just an example the same goes in higher education and engineering subjects. This prevents implementation of the concepts.
0 0 I like jai shekhar's view regarding one more idea of saving trees- An old saying"Money doesn't grow on trees, But its also a fact that-"Trees don't grow on money either"
0 0 I like jai shekhar's view regarding one more idea of saving trees An old saying"Money doesn't grow om trees, But its a fact that-Trees don't grow on money either"
0 0 this is a very good step as the inclination towards this subject ia slowing down. but we need to work a lot at the school level like class 5th onwards that students get the proper inclination towards science. we just need to tap the inquisitive nature of the young student to make him a able scientists.
1 0 I am student who is currently pursuing engineering. I chose engineering because, I was interested in sciences. The thing that motivates students are GOOD TEACHERS. They are the key elements of the process. I say this with experience. A good teacher can make you love a particular subject beyond great depths. I hope the quality of education in the country can be improved by training the present teachers and also encouraging the teaching profession.
0 0 Sir, Presently there should bea drive to promote competition free education in India. Things have become too competitive that children have stopped enjoying studies. My sister tops her class, but when I twist the same question, it becomes very difficult for her. All because she takes pressure in studying and doesn't want to understand the value. People should be made aware that every body has a specific rate and in that rate and pressure even coal can turn into diamond
0 0 Resp Sir you can talk about use in hand med things,avoid plastic like carpetbags because hamper the nature. crate  lot of pollution.
0 0 as a indian i am very happy for the initiative taken by our Respected Prime minister Sri Narendra modiji.. a good leader wins all battle as history had witnessed. A medical incubation centre in bihar will boost make in india as well develop more opportunity of jobs and cheap medical equipment. but sir along with this a goverment electronics testing centre is also required to test and develop the instruments & provide development assistance... so a DEITY , STQC, ETDC Centre is also very important to provide such facility. so sir plz open such a centre and develop our economy, knowledge & most important our country. jai hind. jai maa bharati
0 0 Children will prticipate more in Science programs or Maths only if we do away with exam system of getting better CGPA or %ase. I have personally witnessed in the peer group of my 2 sons who are class XI and class IX respectively. Many talentated kids have opted for humanities or commerce just out of these fear.
0 0 Modiji saprem Namaskar,  Our constitution has given equal right to all our citizens, why reservation is needed among various casts, if all are equal, so please remove reservation system in India, keep for those financialy weak in all casts, give supprt to all those who are poor in all casts.
0 0 More emphasis should be on e-learning and creative learning through GAMIFICATION!
0 0 Maths and science subjects should be taught as pratical, activity and thro game based app. I personally done one exp like created small game for basic electronics and tried with students, they were able to understand the basics easily and able to solve puzzle. Need to put efforts to change the subjects to more practical and understand able  rather than forcing students to memorize. Currently students are awarded based on the memory power rather than actual skills
0 0 Need more programs like this: https://www.facebook.com/chaiandwhy?fref=ts
0 0 We have to raise awareness & curiosity amongst people especially those who have not undergone formal schooling. One way to do this would be to create "Vigyan Raths" which will be mobile science museums which can cover the length & breadth of the country (similar to what political parties do during elections) :-) ... The "vigyan raths" could have exhibits similar to science museums & also do video shows in local languages to teach people about scientific phenomena which impact their daily lives.
0 0 Sir Jay Hind .I am an Electrical Engineering student. We waste a very huge amount of electricity in our country in some or the other ways levelling from our homes to commercial firms ,due to this  I m starting save energy(electricity ) mission in my district by giving presentation in schools ' HOW TO SAVE ENERGY' .Its a humble request to ask PM to give speech for such waste and save electricity as it can be helpful in DINDAYAL UPADYAY GRAM JYOTI YOJANA .
0 0 Sir, as simple as such the very first thing we can do to fire up this initiative is by developing a mobile application which includes registration of interested schools and enrollment of their students and let the students interact with the application thru online quizes and other creative programs and generate a score which shall be added as an extra score for the admission into professional courses after their schooling. This will develop interest and competition among the best students
0 0 I want to add this on my last'curiosity post'.Students need two platforms 1. A web portal where students learn with tutorials in a interactive way also in their own regional language.2. A national school meet , open to all students without concerning it's grads.It'll enhance the skills of student also play a role of moral booster.Role of bodies like IGTR-msme in schools can be increased.
1 0 I know a person who is some 60 years old. When that person was in 6th or 7th standard he was learning how to use transistor diode etc which most of the engineering students even after completing the btech dont know. And that person told me when these things were taught to them in school level that became a hobby kind of thing for them, they used to play with these circuits and all. I feel that same thing should happen. Children should be taught these things from school only,so it becomes hobby
1 0 The students who got very good marks in 12th will generally go for either engineering or doctor. I would like to tell you about engineering. The most talented students are taking admission into engineering and after completing engineering they are doing jobs which do not have any creative work to do just a typing job in front of computer. Why we need engineer for that? In these we are not utilising our students in a proper way.
0 0 In case of Maths-Curiosity is generated when we know where we will be led into by what we are doing currently! Students mug up formula and solve problems..Most of them don't know why they're doing it and where those things will be applied in real life! Maths has a remarkable role to play in advent of algorithms in Computer Sci as well as other Engg studies! From the beginning puzzles, Quantitative Ability and creative pattern of numbers should be introduced to cultivate interest in maths!#MyGov
1 0 what i feel is our education system should be changed. We people lake in field of innovations that is because our study is more theory oriented,it should be more on practical basis. Like after studying 4 years of engineering in electronics people are doing job in IT sector and for which they do not need any engineering background at all.So that kind of courses should be offered from school level itself.
0 0 first of ol students ko basis s h project ,creative idea related topic unke subject m add ho. rti ratai cheejo se ache no le ana is different thing bt usko smjh k apni ya apne desh k lie kch krna is different . Hr innovative idea ka basic  hm  12 tk pdte hai course aisa ho k bcho ko kch nya sochne ka protshan mile ar jo bdi smsya ati hai funding k wo b  gov ya school s di jae .KYAKBHI Y SOCHA GYA JIS DESH M MOSTLY LOG 90% SJYADA SCORE KRTE TV B JITNE  B BDE INVENTION HUE  WO BHARAT M NI.
0 0 Let school children project based problem based learning or exercise on their own choice. Give freedom to teachers to do lots of action research!
0 0 Pose current research and national problems to right from school children & above
0 0 1. Set a district level selection committee who will watch such potential students from class 6 to 8. 2. Conduct a selection test (without any quota)n admit them in a district school with modern state of art facility under able teachers. They will follow only well defined science curriculum with no exam. 3. After 3 yrs, conduct national level selection processes by IIT team based on 3 yr activity. Selected students will be admitted to a national university for advanced study n research.
0 0 I think we should first tell children about interesting and attractive phenomena found in nature and also about different current technologies and then we should teach them the scientific and mathematical theories behind them. In this way, neither the students nor their parents will ask, "Ye sab padhne se kya fayeda hoga ?!" Also it will save our children from the useless, outdated things which the present educational system enforces on them today.
0 0 aj gov school ka mtlb bs Mid-day meal kha k ghr aa jana h.Is soch ko badl dihie jo gov schhol me pdte h kya une apne spne pure krne ka koi right nhi he jst becos vo hav se belong krte h vo gov school me pdte h. baccho ko dekhiye nd un teachers ko jo bharat ko dhoka de rhe he turnt suspend kijie.plz sir think about it.apse bat krne k liye mene ye cell bot mudkil se arrange kiya h.apko letter b send kiya bt no respnse. I hope u will understand nd take a big step on it quikly.
0 0 aj gov school ka mtlb bs Mid-day meal kha k ghr aa jana h.plz Is soch ko badl dihie jo gov schhol me pdte h kya une apne spne pure krne ka koi right nhi he jst becos vo hav se belong krte h vo gov school me pdte h. baccho ko chek kriye nd un teachers ko jo bharat ko dhoka de rhe he turnt suspend kijie.plz sir think about it.apse bat krne k liye mene ye cell bot mudkil se arrange kiya h.apko letter b send kiya bt no respnse... I hope u will unferstand wat nd take a big step on it quikly.
0 0 rote learning should be stopped and creative learning should be emphasised in schools. Learning by doing experiments is key to attract students to maths and science. See my Facebook page #Pravin Singru for my recent article on experimental learning
0 0 sir aap plz hindu dhrm mai jo bali pratha hai use band karbaiye nhi toh go hattya kaise band hoga...hamare assam me toh durga puja me ey sb bali live telecast hota hai...it was shame of us...so plz tk necessary action above matter..thnx u
0 0 hello sir... I jst want to ask kya scientist  bnne ka right sirf city k baccho ko h.agr nhi to srkari school me kya ho h kya ye janne ka hk apka nhi h. sir plz ap gav k gov schools k baccho ka IQ test kraye or fir dicision le.plz sir I know its my right to say anything to u without any hesitation bt still i m requesting u to plz ek nzr un baccho pe dal lijie jinka bhavishya ap pe tika h.unke sapne isliye mt todiye kyuki vo gov school me pdte h.
0 0 first of all we need to change the mindset of students of our country b'coz most of indian student thought that if u want to become u need large amount of money and most important u need to go america b'coz in india their is no such kind of infrastructure to become scientist,this is one of the biggest illusion of indian student even in my mind as well when i was in chilhood...
0 0 firstly we have to add our India's innovative invention what we had achive since ramayan and Mahabharata in school textbooks. so that students will study about our India's invention in the field of science and technology and keen interest in science and technology .
0 0 Digitizing all the schools in INDIA
0 0 Sir jis tarah kal ka vavishya aaj ke karm par depend karta hai thik usi tarah hame kal ke scientist ke lie hame aaj se bachhon ko taiyar karna hoga, unhe jeevan me science ke mahatwa se awgat karana hoga, unke atmvishwas ko badhana hoga, unhe ye samjhana hoga ki scientist koi visesh vyakti nahi balki ek aim, majboot irade,sachhi laganta se bana ja sakta hai..Kuchh to hamare education system men badlav ki vjaroorat hai, hame politicallabh ke lie berojgaron ko rojgar par badi gahrai se sochna hoga
0 0 Shcool home work should be totally stopped .. student should sit 2 hour more on sarurdays, and these 2 hours each and every student solve mathematics beyond syllabus portion with teachers help  or do it activities as mentioned in science book themself with school provide them all basic stuff to students....
2 0 Have mentioned few ideas which i have tried at my center and is successful.
0 0 For such activities govt should have to increase the facility require to research is much more important which should help to enhance the courage of new researcher
0 0 Dear Hon.PM sir, I would like to give the follwing suggestions 1.As your advise to IAS officers the scientist of our nation are also be advised to do the visiting & sharing of their experience with stutents. 2.The " CLEAN INDIA "Scheme launched is performing well,to initiate the importance of cleaning some TAX FREE Selling of House cleaning Goods,Chemicals may be introduced. Defenitels it will give more attn on "Suddh"
0 0 Project the fun side of M & S. Popularize M & S Olympiad among school stds. Create Indian version of Olympiad. Set the goal to be no1 in Olympiad in a decade. Open up gov. institutions to schools. Never enforce, rather try to ignite the young mind.
0 0 Provide them with resources Make it mandatory for UG students from IIT and NIT to go and talk to students and teach them what ever they can because it can connect students more to science and technology.
1 0 1. We need to digitized the all schools. We can start with Government school. 2. Create web based platform that will be communication medium between parents & teacher. 3. Parents & Teacher can view the respective student activity online. More details found on my blog on https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/20140710102646-32609412-big-data-in-educa...
0 0 Curiosity comes when you introduce with something.We can make students curious to these subjects by arranging a introduction in a better way. For e.g, students usually curious about the High profile people. Session of people like scientists, Doctors, Scholars, talented undergraduates , employees of tech.firms or skilled people can be arranged with students on classroom level, on which they can tell them about basic science behind a innovation,related history and many other information.
1 0 1.Teachers should be given handsome amounts of salary , so that they can get job satisfaction and do their work with dedication 2.Education must be application oriented instead of examination oriented 3.Laboratories in schools should be equipped with modern equipments
0 0 To make a change in India we have to make all the next generation as educated.we also have some to change our education system.The education system should consist of  practical learning.And another thing which i want to say but very sad to say is 3/4 th teachers were lagging in in-depth knowledge. so government should take step to ensure knowledgeable teachers in schools and ensure quality education in means of practical learning.
0 0 Sir to attract students to Science AND Maths, gift them a goal after they complete studies by creating an Indian Scientist Service and Indian Mathematician Service (both Group A). JAI HIND, JAI VIGYAN.
0 0 Sir mere vichar se ek or chhote lebel par schoolon me upukt suvidhaon sahit vatawaran taiyar karna chahiye taki kuchh naya aaviskar karne ke prati bachhon me dilchaspi badhe wahi dusri or all India level open test conduct ki jani chahiye tatha upukt chhatron ko har tarah ke support ki vyavastha ho unhe upyukt vatawaran mile,unhen apne perents ka khyal rakhne ke liye kuchh rasi di jae taki apne perents ka pet bharne ke lie unhe pdhai se alag na hona pade,jatidharm&gender ka koi discrimination na
0 0 Research, Innovation, etc is all about applied knowledge. The focus of our schools is only on theory. Just recently I visited almost all well known schools in Ahmedabad. Most of them did not even had a lab. My suggestion is that school recognition procedures should focus on lab infrastructure. Audits should ensure that labs are well equipped. Exams should incorporate practicals. And this should be enforced from primary school onward. The NCERT textbooks have wealth of information on practical
0 0 Good initiative, but lack of good mathematics and science teachers in schools these are not successful. so please take steps to improve the skills and knowledge about teachers first
0 0 Sorry its not about Education its about digital India Indian made Email Service should be started soon...
0 0 Sir, (i) establish 2-3 world class interconnected laboratories in each district to work on 24x7 model with SOPs. Let such labs reach out to Government high schools with transport services to bring students to lab on time sharing basis (12-16 hrs a week). Let private schools also use it for a fee. Let all their results be posted daily on a Server for validation by graduate students, who opt to be mentors online.  Ask ISRO, TATA, Reliance, DRDO, CBSE, ICMR, IARI, Ind Railways to design such labs.
0 0 honorable prime minister narendra modi sir the military of india has no safety and the comparing with the usa the indian military has less safety and the sir you have to concentrate on military of india also because they are saving ours from other country and they should have the safety jackets and special weapons and it should be advanced than all over the world sir
0 0 Changes in Indian Educational System helps a lot to create Curiosity among Youth towards Science and Math...Changes in the sense, many edu.institutions in India are really not focusing on the interests of the students...they r just teaching whatever is there in text books and they are almost totally ''exam'' focused...But no institute is trying to teach students the ''actual and reality'' in Science...That's the reason why there is a lack of interest in Science and math in Youth in INDIA.I think
1 0 As rightly pointed by some of my fellow Indians I believe that education has been reduced to examinations.The interest can be created among them when there is an encouraging atmosphere.Better results can be reaped if the students are taught in a positive atmosphere where Independent thinking is encouraged.Also, please do not start schemes.With due respect to Mr.Devi Prasad, It is a form of discrimination.Why only 500 children? Everyone deserves a chance at a school level.
0 0 Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan is another cosmetic approach to education sector. EVEN AFTER 14 MONTHS government has not finalised its education policy. there is no uniform syllabus. every state following different syllabus and sowing seeds of disunity among us on basis of caste/religion/region. we are still taught history written by british & leftist historians. foreign invaders who looted/destroyed us are glorified in history. why ancient knowledge heritage from 5000 years back not promoted.
0 0 Being M.Tech in Biotechnology,I have felt that the course work of science mostly consist of theoretical knowledge and very less practical knowledge.So if more practicals are involved,then students may get attracted towards this beautiful world of science.In case of mathematics,problems which I faced was teacher her/himself was not thorough with the topic.I think there should be some proper selection criteria for the teachers not only in university level but also at school level.
0 0 The professionalTeacher Education Program in Science or Mathematics is a challenging Master's program which prepares science and math teachers for teaching in grades 6-12 and emphasizes the development of a teacher’s ability to develop research-based teaching strategies that make science and mathematics accessible to learners. Specific attention is directed at the interaction of schools, learners, pedagogy, subject matter and curriculum.  The program unique in that it focuses solely on science
2 0 1.Only practical education can make the system best and benificial 2. Many school still dont have physical education as subject, make it cumpolsary 3. Giving 25 years to the education a student is judge by a 2 pages resume, so judge the students on their experience and talent in a particular field 4. Last but not the least request people that instead of donating crores of money to religious places, make free schools for poor because "padhega india tabhi toh badhega india" #jai hind #MHRD
0 0 Our children are born creative. What is lacking is mentors - who can encourage and channelize the spirit. Free thinking almost never encouraged - in education, industry or Government. A way to change this is: 1. Educators to realize that they are only setting up opportunities for all to explore and learn - including themselves. 2. Industry and Government to listen to youth and give them an opportunity to pilot test ideas. No experts, all are students. 3. Encourage the arts, yoga and seva.
0 1 Sir, (i)Involve Ministry of Science & Technology to identify 500 high IQ children (gifted children aged 7 to 10); (ii) bring them together at 2-3 places with residential facilities to live for 6-8 yrs , (iii) provide (24x7) world class laboratories, high powered telescopes, horses and cows ; (iv) let specially selected teachers (1:10 ratio) mentor them for 5-6 yrs with special allowances. Peer learning & the ecosystem helps them to aim high. All with Rs.25-30 Cr yearly budget + infrastructure.
0 0 Science,as per our education system, has been reduced only to examinations. I would suggest that we stop taking written exams and rather ask teachers to engage students in more activities and participation. Let the students see science happening before their eyes rather leaving it upto their own imagination after reading few lines from books. At the end of each class student can be asked to demonstrate a scientific event and explain it's underpinnings as a presentation.
2 0 respected sir! in schools there is no laboratory metirial& special lab rooms to conduct experiments, some of the experiments dont know to the teachers also how to do because in thire childhood they didnot experienced lack teachers.. send lab material to every school, now they are giving25 thousand per year but headmasters not expending on science material they are using for another works
0 1 i feel change syllabus from lower level on words. upto 10th class students studying more than 50% on language. why three or two language system?? remove we need english only not hindi also. mother tongue they will learn in home. make concentration on science and maths, make professionals like single language countries. students must know about their future in sixth class onwards. make education compulsory upto 8th class in government schools.
1 0 it all depends on the teachers who teach the subjects because they can make the world or break the world.So teacher must have the ability to create interest among the students towards the subjects.After that students can find their own way of exploring the subjects.So teacher should have trained in proper way that he can fasten student mind with the subject.One thing we should know is a stone could not be a perfect statue without a proper architect.
0 0 1) There are many schools who pressurise the children for scoring good marks and this hide their natural talent#MHRD 2)The conditions of government schools are more than worst in most of the foreign countries government school are ideal school and much better than private school. If the facilities of smart classes and luxury facilities are difficult to provide than at least give them some well educated teacher and good environment not that what we have seen in bihar#Mygov
0 0 Thanks Sir
0 0 In order to improve the education system in india , reduce the load on young students, make universities student friendly. i have studied in karnataka in VTU, and everyone hates it. they have rules worse than sharia law in engineering colleges, like year back, nssr etc. students just byheart to get marks. they don't value learning. they have unnecessary subjects which are useless and which no one remembers after they complete their higher education. the same is true for schools also.
0 0 #RastriyAvishkarAbhiyan Government should  provide proper training periodically to faculties of various govt institutes and schools to improve thier knowledge and capability of teaching skill.because it will help them to transform good knowledge thier students, if faculties are capable so they definitely encourage students to develop creative and innovative skill. we have example of Missial Man "DR A P J Abdul Kalam"  how thier teachers helped him develop thier skills".
0 0 DEAR SIR, THE WAY OF TEACHING CAN MAKE AN IMPACT ON CHILDREN.TEACHERS SHOULD BE TRAINED BY EXPERTS TO DEAL WITH STUDENTS,TEACHING METHODS AND REAL TIME EXAMPLES MAKES CHILDREN MORE INTRESTING MY VIEW IS TO WAY OF TEACHING SYSTEM SHOULD BE CHANGED.THE COLLECTORS AND D.E.O(DISTRICT EDUCATIONAL OFFICERS) MUST PLAY CRUTIAL ROLE IN REJUVENATION OF TRAINING TEACHERS  PROGRAM . THANK YOU
0 0 This is very good initiative. 1.In all schools we should have open theater, grounds, projectors to show slides, scientific moves like IIT’s have. It spreads knowledge and increases enthusiasm in students. Each school won’t be able to have, but schools can get together have one open theater and ground for them. 2.Some city schools with nearby village can come together and start own events. Village schools can take city schools students to show technology in field of farming. And city schools c
0 0 Dear PM,In my view the drawback of our school education  system is our students and parents only urge to secure good marks in our pen&paper exam system rather than real learning and knowledge gain in science/maths.If our edu. system will be able to input small effective and interesting science practicals session that reflects book theory, in school education then that can create curiosity among the little minds to think more and more and this practicals should be free from any exams. -Prof.ARP
0 0 1)Increase the lab activities,let them learn the hard way. 2)Link education with real world problems. And teach them how learning something may help them in overcoming the real world challenges. 3)Make teaching more interactive and encourage teachers to encourage questioning among students. 4)Exams should not focus on just memorization.
0 0 We should tell some interesting stories about evolution of science and universe. Maths should be teached interestingly by asking questions so that students must be solved without using any pen and paper. As an M.tech degree holder I oppose the eduction system of india which will not provide any creative way of teaching and learning. Only runs behind getting job.
0 0 Thanks for getting Dr. Kalam involved. We, as a country, can only benefit, from his scientific and detailed inputs. On the suggestions for the Abhiyan - Keep it simple. Please, just implement what Agastya International Foundation does, across the country. Use their services to train the trainers/teachers, and to prepare material that others can use to create trainers. Get *all* state governments sign up to implement their programs. The results will follow -http://www.agastya.org/
0 0 To improve interest of student in research and innovation first govt should improve education system and introduce incentive govt centre or state institute and school to develop student creative student and also give incentive to student who show creative skill and idea.
0 0 Schemes like KVPY ( http://www.kvpy.iisc.ernet.in/main/index.htm ) should be made mandatory by every university based on some percentage of seats available. We should be more focused on promoting research on STEM ( Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics ). Research oriented courses should be promoted , we need to come out from bookish knowledge to practical industry engagement intern based semester courses. I would like to contribute on this given me a chance. Regards Joyjit R G C
1 0 Children must be taught by performing,literally, every experiment activity in NCERT books to visually marvel at and acknowledge the beauty of scince. Infrastructure needs to be strong for that. Love for science and technology needs practical exposure  not just liability for completing syllabus on teacher's part. Schemes like INSPIRE IGNITE are there but things needs a shake up at early stage,so that students develop naturally curiosity towards understanding n exploring technologies around.
1 0 interest of student don't change until they would get proper infrastructure of education system and new creative methodology.Because many institute still working on poor and traditional method of teaching, even those who teach in institute and school are not capable to deliver knowledge.Government should make policy that will help to improve education system. my opinion is that if institute not get proper fund they will not able to transform good knowledge.
0 0 Innovation is about doing things better, resolving challenges of the society in a simple and efficient manner - preserving the resources & generating opportunities. India is fortunately blessed with the world's best talent and the #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan would hopefully ignite the talent to achieving national goals. Gravity 2.0 Research Foundation has been providing thought leadership in this area & would be interested in partnering the initiative. More details, www.gravity20.org #MHRD #MyGov
0 0 Dear Mr. PM, To ignite curiosity for science and mathematics among today's young generation, we have to tell them the history and real world application of maths and science. to my experience as a student of secondary/higher secondary school, we have been taught to find the solution of mathematical problem and never understood the use/meaning of finding that solution. Hence most of us never felt the joy of solving becoz we did not know what we are doing by solving an integration or derivative
0 0 I guess Mathematics needs some serious Revamping in our country. Students do not relate to the subject much and its very essential to rebuild the focus of this subject. Students are unable to feel the subject and cannot relate to the same. I have tried an initiative where I Use games such as Soccer, Cricket, Temple Run, Subway Surfers, Basketball and a lot more. Tv and Print media has Acknowledged this learning Process. You can see the impact on www.dinasimlearning.com
0 0 Its high time for a major overhaul for our education system. There should be a common syllabus for all Indian schools, i.e., instead of having many state syllabuses, all the schools should be included under one kind of education system. The others must be abolished. The students must be given a training for coping up with the extreme pressure given by the society for attaining higher education. The repertoire of the young generation should be utilized vastly to make their future safe.
0 0 There is need to create passion for topics in science among the students.Hope that bringing short films that not only entertain but also press one's mind to think about deepness and purity in science will give boost to this mission.
0 0 Discard marks/grades exam method and bring in systemic evaluation of learning levels. Establish four world-class colleges of pure sciences, more prestigious than IITs and IIMs. Pay the graduates better than than IITans and MBAs Downsize sports and cinema icons and find science icons (What for Sachin and Rekha in RS and why not nominate scientists in their place
0 0 Create fun competition for different level for students below 8, 10&12class collage going and open level competition when any one can come and present the idea .let all the talent come online and present stuff that
0 0 This Is a Very Good Program started by gov I would just like to say that allow every researcher to get benefit of this program. without criteria & qualification in terms of degree and appreciate their talent for new innovation. I am struggling a lot for my research because i dont have appropriate degree. no one looks after a talent and idea so please make this program limitless of degree. only talent should be awarded
1 0 One of the most important steps that can be taken before implemention is to improve the state of Govt schools. There's a belief among parents that for better schooling private schools are the only option. If Govt schools are made attractive enough to gain the confidence of parents by providing them with additional facilities in both academic and non-academic areas, then this yojana will make much more sense. I hope this suggestion would be taken into consideration.
0 0 To develop the curosity for science we should create natural schools that do nat need blackboards we should give them knowledge about how everything work practically and tell them the functioning of every electrical gagets
0 0 Survey shows that students spend maximum time in social platform why?? Because they get to know different things not in a regular but in very creative way that their brain catches in a visual form. Time has changed in such way that if I have a doubt in any concepts, I can reach to not only my teacher, But also to the  person who really formulated it. For example I am putting forward my views to my respected PM. If time changes why not learning methods. I learnt more from youtube than in my books
0 0 If possible make practical education possible and much more serious than it has been, where students can go, do and see what they are learn is used practically. For example, just pay schools more money where they can go to basic factories, science labs and of course someone eligible who can make these visits fruitful and make it possible for students to see what lies ahead according to their level. Make government use science, say start making some offices electricity run on solar panels.
0 0 Student clubs not for politics or power but for professionalism and innovation.
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी.... बस मैं इतना कहना चाहता हु की...  m ak inspire scolr hu jbse aapki gov aayi h mujhe ye scolrship nhi mili hai... plzzz aaap inspire scolrship ke issue ko check kijiye... or is scolrship ko jldi se dilwane ki kripa kijiye... aapka chota sa pryas lakho students ki help kr skta h... otherwise i am also lleaving my M.Sc. course
0 0 Rspctd PM sir,MHRD in collaboration with BARC,ISRO should design a internship program for such brilliant scholars in maths & science after10+2 wherein All India top performing students should be gvn a opportunity to work with science & space research organization like ISRO & BARC for a given period on research programs wherein they can contribute there knowledge & creativity for country & in return get a cerficate of excellence from these prestigious research organization & president of India..
0 0 * Some text missing * graduation ke baad bhi public library ke tarj par students ko lab aur equipment muhaiyya karaya jaaye .. Bharat mein lower background mein kai students maine dekhe hain jo tivra buddhi ke dhani hain par padhai khasta haal sarkari schools mein karte hain jis kaaran avishkaari buddhi dabi hai .
0 0 Like community libraries we can have community laboratories where we can test our idea and work upon new invention. Some individual has some kind of idea which can lead to next big invention but we have no place to go and test our thought.a thought is building stone of invention and then it is tested.secondly,the professors of colleges and universities be made the mentors of these laboratories who can guide the new inventors and help in their difficulties
0 0 Teachers, institutes and fundamental research that gets highlighted are of greatest importance. We need institutes like IITs for sciences. Get Indians from foreign universities if only for a semester or two. Give very good pays to the teachers here. Ensure DRDO, BARC and ISRO are coveted jobs - increase their pay scales. Most people like me skip those institutes because of pay issues (esp with lack of pension also). Publish a science journal. Publicise it. In 10 years we will see the results.
1 0 The first and foremost thing reuired is to separate the knowledge from language. what usually happens is when a child is taught basic sciences,history,geography,civics and economics in a foreign language,he just tries to memorize the things and not able to understand it.Since he has not by then developed command over fireign language. In my IIT years I found the people coming from Hindi medium to be more knowledgable in terms of basic sciences and issues.
0 0 some students r not able to take science because its not available in their school. they can not pay fee as its expensive. it can be started in all govt senior sec. schools
0 0 Namaskar Sir, Avishkar ko janm wahi de sakta hai jiska pet bhara ho par Bharat mein padhai hote hote students par pariwar ka pet bharne ki zimmedari aa jaati hai . Dusra bharat mein zyadatar student sarkaari schools mein padhte hain aur wahan standard bahot hi low hai. Avishkar par to zor hi nahi diya jata . Bharat mein sabhi sarkari schools ko ek sath jodaa jaaye aur inventions ke liye protsahit kiya jaaye, national inami comptetion organise kiya jaye aur graduation k baad bhi library
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji if i talk about engineering our education is theory based we do not emphasis on practical approach. the pattern of  evaluation is fixed every time repeated question one,s get.and most of question is theory based very less numerical problem.the faculty should set paper in such a way that to solve any numerical problem one have to think on problem.In present the faculty does not discuss why particular concept developed or what problem one was facing befor
0 0 I think what needs to be done is taking it that "seriously". It shouldn't be just a another do good abhiyan."Ground Work" is important as it will make it practical."Ground work" will makes us realize the challenges and possibilities.Maximum India's youth is in satellite towns and education hubs such as mine place derabassi near Chandigarh.we have so many collages and schools here but no real attention is paid to students there is so much wastage of talent&youth it's all about money it seems.
0 0 we should start a subject "experiment" in schools in which student should be given free space to write there view on any topic of science and technology.There should be no syllabus for that. Inovetive ideas and work should be published and teacher should taught them about the scientists & idea behind there invention and in higher eduction experiment based eduction should be given and research should be motivated and scientists from government department should give idea on inovation
2 0 pradhan mantri ji, making patent process easy,  will help our rural researchers, scientists come forward. don't measure people with useless degrees. measure them with their work. thank you.
0 0 The idea should be to provide the more and more practical knowledge besides theory. Schools & Colleges should have well equipped labs and audio visual facilities. Do not allow students to make 'rattafication' of theory but focus them more towards practical knowledge by using audio visual smart classes on projector. Theory and practicals should be 50-50.
0 0 This has to happen in all schools and households. We need to bring children out of class rooms and encourage them to question even small things and satisfy them with our answers. This applies to teachers and parents equally. Explain science with practical classes or visuals. So that they will not get bored of theories.
0 0 I am aware of some companies that are running initiatives to promote Science & Technology amongst school children. Techies do the presentations in schools on weekend (Saturdays). If Government formalizes this in the form of a countrywide initiative, it may become a movement. Corporates shd be asked to share responsibility. Acknowledging their contribution and effort on a public platform will inspire them to take it as promotion coming out of good karma. #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv
0 0 Respected sir we must organize exhibition on magic of science in schools.Recently a magic show was organized in our school to encourage students to know more about science.It was a great success.Students should also come to know that science is nothing but the systemetic study of natural phenomenon that occurs around us because some people are very afraid of science and they don't study it only..so it should be set in their mind that science is the DNA of development.. Thank you Gul Bansal..
0 0 Please make primary education and healthcare the topmost prioritized of your government The statistics of literacy rate is on paper only...in actual there are number of children who can not afford to go to school, why can't there be mobile schools? If some children can' t go to school, schools can go to one in need...
0 0 In continuation to last comment- more number of researchers will help fill up the huge vacancies in IITs / NITs.. Increase salary of faculties also to match with what their friends get in industry. And in dearth of respectable pay our talent is going out if India. Just see how many graduates from top 25 institutes stay in India.. Very less..!
3 0 By changing education system...!!! Our education system is about to mug up and get more and more marks in exam it should be changed...!! We have to give more importance to practical knowledge from primary...!!we have to adopt education system like china where from childhood the practical knowledge has been given to the Students...!! By this way we can produce interest in science and mathematics in students...!!!
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji, Adding on to my previous post I would also like to point out that there should be increased govt. funding for scientific research in India. Western countries are way ahead of us as they spend heavily on their scientific research. Almost all the breakthroughs in science these days come from western world. Kindly support your scientists too, as in coming future the economics of any country is going to be decided by their scientific research. Regards
0 0 First parents needs to understand that their kid is unique no matter what's his or her interest is. Now to make science more interesting from beginning one has to ask the kids to.solve problems rather than asking them question n provision them with answers. I think just asking them to solve problem and informing about constraints will encourage a child to think about solution with free thinking. A mind which is free of fear of failure is one which ends up finding solutions.
0 0 Putting it straight and simple, the way the things we are being taught at school needs to be revised and upgraded in order to create curiosity among young minds. As a student i was never able to relate much to the practicality of the things that were taught to us(CBSE). Modernizing the teaching techniques used by the teachers in ordinary schools, in order to make classrooms more understandable. Training is required for teachers as well. project works require a lots of attention to develop skills
0 0 There should be creative ways to reach out to students ,the gap between the students and teachers should be dissolved ,the students should feel at home with the teacher for making study more interesting and creative firstly there should be a strong tie between the student and the teacher because today what we see is lack of respect and connectivity between them and to build this connectivity we must inculcate human values in students rather focusing only my bookish learning ,to make bright India
0 0 Increase the pay that the scientists get! If a person becomes engineer he gets starting salary if 30 k per month at age of 23. And a PHD student studying in IISc Banglore gets 22k per month Stipend at age of 29!! And after completion of PHD also there are no great chances to catch up on the potential money loss. What is the point of doing work in pure science when applied science gives better quality of life! So address this stipend difference. Make it 50k and set how many innovations you get
0 0 #MHRD. "There are no bad students, but a bad teacher". The first and foremost thing that we need to address is the need to get Good Teachers. We need to start giving respect (either monetarily or by giving them special status in society) to them first. Without good teachers, students will not get good guidance and direction.
0 0 Focus more on Practicals rather than theory only.  Assign more weightage to practicals. Encourage desi solutions (jugad) for our problems. Not everyone is genius,and new inventions are not daily norms. Proper advertisement of attractive salaries in Research field, will also attract talents. #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan
0 0 Creating the right environment for proliferating the scientific temper is critical. Few initiatives could be : 1. Increase in research budget (at present - 0.9% of GDP), so that more students will prefer doing their masters/doctorates in India than else where with sufficient funding 2. Creating broader platforms for venture capitalists to meet young entrepreneurs with innovations - students struggle to get their ideas funded. 3. Corporates should fund and create more Centres of Excellence
0 0 If children can't understand things, they start losing interest in the subject. Now cheaper technology is available. Use technology assisted learning. Creating and popularizing TV programs can help a lot. From personal experience, there used to a be series called "Turning Point" on DD which kept my interest. There are many corporates that wish to work in this area. We need to solicit more assistance from them. Good for them to promote themselves. #MHRD, #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan, #MyGOv
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji, The importance of Science and Mathematics in education is good. However, what is more important is the stress upon critical thinking, reasoning, and innovative thinking. In ancient India these subjects were taught to the students as "Tarak shastra"; however we don't teach students about it anymore. In our  modern education system there is too much stress upon rote learning (Ratta in Hindi) rather than critical thinking. Kindly look into it. Regards.
0 0 Celebrating mathematics quiz/day and science quiz/day every 3 months at all levels. Awarding the winners by giving them entry for good courses. Have exhibitions planned at town/city level and promote the innovation by small demo/projects/innovation produced/demonstrated by students. Plan one day as Vedic mathematics day and have programs on Vedic mathematics and relating it to modern mathematics and science. This program can only become success when teachers also rewarded if students win
0 0 I consider that a change to the Indian education system should be brought. Many students lack the basic fundamentals required for a student to select science as their futuremail subject. Development can only be brought when there is scope and experience. Here by scope and experience I mean the requirement to basic science and fundamental education.
1 0 that's well
1 0 There should be attractive audio-visual short movies that can create interest & curiosity about science & scientific phenomena. These should be available free for download so that everyone can afford it.
0 0 science and mathematics are Very intresting and if we can explain the practical use and futur use of  each concept like ho a math theoram can help in creating a house ans Scince concept can give you free enargy then every one including yung minds will take alot intrest.The exapmle to explain should be choosen in aspect of local problem and their solution using  science and mathematics
1 0 Inculcate the habit of 'Problem Finders' than 'Problem Solvers'. Right from the school, children should be encouraged to think and not confine them to the text books or the routine things of forcing them to do something which text book says.
0 1 We are running an association All India Liquid Bulk Importers & Exporters association and there are certain suggestions in this respect.
0 0 Resp. Shri Pradhan Mantri ji, this mission is really good. Your government is doing all the good work. Still, we have certain problems in accessing the Ministers due to long chain of the Secretaries. This not only delays the good suggestions but prevents from making the same. Can there be some transparency and good access to the Hon'ble Ministers, which may ease the development process and also assists the Make in India movement. e-mails access is also sufficient in case the same can reach them
0 0 Increase seats of Engineering Physics in IITs or the NITs. Many student can't get admission to EP just because of scarcity of these courses in NITs. EP has a lot of potential to create scientific minds.
0 0 its great start for country
0 0 People not just in villages but also in cities get dissuaded by these subjects bcoz the teacher doesn't teach well. Nowadays almost everyone has access to mobile and internet. Time to exploit this medium and get going. So students who CNT understand a concept in school will come home and understand it via online gov portals which are absolutely free of cost and comprehensive.
0 0 Dear sir, i just want to say that your idea is verry gud. Bt the prblm is that students have lots of ideas to do smthng better but thay hve no such place where thay can talk on their ideas nd make ideas real. So request you to do smthng on  tht. Like STARTUP VILLAGE
0 0 Education must be cheap and of teaching of human values.Now education only learn how to earn money so now peoples focus turned towards money,not to knowledge.The reason is very clear,peoples has to pay all of their money for education as starting from nursery education is very expensive in public schools.While teachers doing job on very less salary means schools owner only getting benefited. I suggest to put some rules to run the public schools and cancel license s who do not obey. And more..
0 0 respected PM sir,common citizen of india have lots of knowledge,idea n thoughts but they dont have master degrees n certficates.and they are not scientists but they have a capacity to invent big things.so indian govt.has to give opportunity to them.for that plz create 4-5 offices in every state which can study about the plans n ideas of common man who have submittrd their project plan or idea.then choose correct plan n provide him to all facility n materials n money.then india bcm super country.
1 1 Include "SUPER THIRTY" also as an ‘Mentoring Institutions’.
0 0 what should i do for being a scientist . sir there is a another problem for open category peoples we have too much less reservation due to which are left behind and other peoples are going forward......
0 0 Sir,Happy Independence Day .It has been predicted by scientists ,economist ,statesman, that 3rd world war will for WATER.India dependent on monsoons and most of the water is begin wasted (flows to sea).Water created lot of cases Ruckus between states, panchayats,villages also with countries.Hence kindly take up the issue and let us see new dawn is opening -Viswanathan Raja 9176615982
2 0 dear honable prime minister of india i am abhinav virpal singh living in shirdi maharashtra. sir today in your programme man ki bat i have heard about the youth generation should be encouraged for being scientist and go ahead in the science and explore the world of science. sir i am poor i dnt have mom and dad they died when i was of 5 years and i want to be a scientist and but not havethis much money for my further studies sir now you tell what i should do to being an scientist sir .so tell sir
0 0 Respected Sir - Please take help of retired scientist for development of North states including Bihar and Jharkhand.
0 0 Honorable PM of India, Govt of India must make a policy on Population Control.
1 0 need to apply reservation in education and all other field on the base on economic conditions not by cast
1 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister of India, In August 2015,I hope you will start river connection project as early as possible. Which will give relief to all Bharatvarsha
0 0 sir at district level there should at least one laboratory , where the equipment for performing experiment of secondary level to higher education level should available ,with a well trained lab instructor and experts ,the student can perform their experiment of course by by paying the affordable fee. because these day experiment are performed in the school or collages to complete the formality.
1 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister of India, Presentably Our country going through low monsoon at Maharashtra, Karnataka Andhra and some other part on the other hand north India going through flood. I request you please do as early as possible river connecting project. In our country every year north,west and in north east percentage of rain more than average and this part every year facing flood. Please use this pressure of flood to make electricity as well as turn this river middle east region.
0 0 sir this is to tell you that in Delhi at GB ROAD girls are harrased badly so,please look into this matter.it is very very critical.
0 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister I suggest you to speak up on "eunuchs". No leader in the world has ever spoken about this marginal community ever.In fact they are well-built in body and mind. If old biased prejudices are to be mitigate from our minds we would find them very-well suited to agriculture, industry, science and  to our Army -armed forces, navy, air,etc. for the overall development of our beloved country. My book EK NAI KRANTI (2007) has much spoken about their pains & potentialities.
0 0 Sir, There are hidden talents in our country. At the present onset, most of the students do not get the right platform and encouragement at the right time. Some programme that would help the school children in showcasing their talents in the field of science can be initiated. Most of the schools do conduct science exhibition etc still they are to be encouraged. Government can start some scholarships for school students who excell in innovative science projects, which would encourage them.
2 0 good initiative by the human resources department should be implement strictly, it shouldn't be limited to urban areas
0 0 Promote community of Scientists in various disciplines. Let there be involvement of people from all walks of life including children. There can be grading of people on a scale based on their skills,  capabilities and everyone in the community understands how energy individual stands a chance to get promoted in the community.
0 0 #RashtriyaAvishkarAbhiyan can be a very good initiative as it will help india to search and find its hidden talent which is not being recognized and is exceptionally marvellous.
0 0 Identify the aptitude of the child early and evaluate what's the natural talent possessed to align the education needs. Don't promote the rank achieved as criteria for higher education. There needs to be revamp of the selection process for higher education
0 0 The Indians knack for "JUGAAD" needs to be acknowledged n encouraged with right infrastructure support. At every District level "JUGAAD CENTRE" should be initiated - or may be in every engineering college where common man shud b encouraged to come and share his JUGAAD. Key 4 success is wide publicity n easy access to JUGAAD CENTRE. At another level, I observe that there is very less premier research centre n scientific innovation centre in North n East of India. needs to be balanced all over.
1 0 I suggest to bring a strong law preferably punishment of death against killing of cows in our country.I surprise to see where there is such a severe act against killing of deer or tigar in our country & a man who is killing the cow (gau-mata) is living up so freely. I believe that cow (gau-mata) is a very important asset for our country who contributes her 100% in the productivity & development.Her each & every thing whether it is milk,urine or dung is utilized for making various useful products
0 0 Sir, India is poor country ,most of the innovations are driven by cost.However india has great potential if we provide equal opportunities to youth . Developed country companies are promoting their employees for innovation and filing IPR and they are earning good revenue by licensing these IPRs . Developed countries encouraging to file IPRs for even very small innovation however in our country even the highly skilled /qualified/innovators don't know the process.
0 0 Respected sir, I Prayas singh, I belong to a small village of Sambhal district of Uttar Pradesh. Here I want to say about that why we not on top in research. First is that in our country research position are available in few numbers. Second is that not a perfect and same eligibility criteria for all universities etc. I also passed M.Sc. physics and I tried to take admission in ph.d from last two years so I request to make a good research plan for every students who want to join research. Thanks
0 0 I hereby suggest to remove slum areas, cleanliness will improve hygiene of people, cleanliness will improve overall health of society. Technology has improved lot.In China  Or even in our country, it is possible to built 15 to 20 storied buildings in 10/15 days.Recently ,One Indian company has built 8 storied building in Chandigarh.  Why  government is not using such technology to remove slums.The biggest advantage of this,is something will be visible to ppl.This will carry good msg.
0 0 Sir, In order to ignite our young minds, the government need portray our brilliant scientists/engineers/doctors as superstars just like how these young fellows consider Bollywood and Cricket Stars.We should tell our young minds what great things these people have done and have been doing and how fascinating that work is. And the level of teaching has to be drastically improved especially in Class IX and XII.It is poor even in some of the more reputed schools.
0 0 Dear Sir, Kindly also involve good private engineering colleges, they have huge potential.
1 0 I want to say that India will be a developed country only when the mindset or the level of thinking of the student will be as a researcher not as to print(earn)a lots of money after studying,many students are going in other countries like AMERICA for this purpose because they compare knowledge to money,so to return the sense of Nationalism, it is important to improve the environment of school and government should take responsibility to give each  school a good teacher,it's a serious matter..
0 0 SIR I REQUEST THAT FOR HEARING IMPAIRED CHILDREN SPECIAL LIP READING SCHOOL AND SOME TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER SHOULD BE OPEN WHERE THEY CAN DO MIRACLE.
0 0 Organise summer camps for underprivileged and rural govt school students that are held by scientific research bodies, pvt firms, universities, etc. Also facilitate exposure & study tours for such students to scientific institutions, state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. Open up district level science museums that are activity-based, interactive & motivating for young minds.
0 0 So much being done for innovation..commendable. Need to ponder on the education system. 1. Discontinue the system of private and govt school at least up to class 8th. Have just one school. 2. Realigning the education to job.
0 0 I propose to have a YOUNG TECHINCAL INDIA Program, where all engineering colleges across India will participate to develop new technology and innovations that will benefit our Nation. We already know ROBOCON by Durdarshan (http://www.roboconindia.com/) which uses technical abilities of young engineers and their mentors to develop robots to compete given task. Why not to have similar program to develop some prototype which will be have topic like Solar energy,Energy conservation,smart city, etc
0 0 SIR THIS MESSAGE FROM ONE FATHER AND MOTHER OF DISABLED CHILD TO WHOM WE HAD NOT EVER TREATED AS DISABLED CHILD.(HEARING IMPAIRED).SIR JUST I WANT TO BRING TO YOUR NOTICE THAT THIS TYPE OF CHILDREN ARE NOT HAVING ANY MENTAL ISSUE AS THEY ARE NOT ABLE TO HEAR THEY COULD NOT SPEAK.BUT WE ARE HAVING ONLY ONE SIGN LANGUAGE THROUGH WHICH THEY CAN STUDY BUT BY THAT THEY ARE HAVING VERY LESS SOCIAL LIFE AS THE PERSON WHO UNDERSTAND SIGN LANGUAGE CAN COMMUNICATE TO THEM.BUT THERE ARE NO SCHOOL WHERE LIP
0 0 It is a very good mission. Govt. can achieve success by creating awarness among people. Children should be taught practicals in every subject and motive them with persons achieving sucess in different fields. The IAS and other dignitories official should visit atleat ten schools in a month, creating will and determination about the subject they .love. Never underestimate anyone thinking and views. State Govts. should also take inisiative in this mission.
0 0 SAARC satellite is an ambitious programme of PM Modi . ISRO and Doordarshan should jointly produce a space based programme  (like quiz)for university students of all SAARC countries. Two finalists from each country should be invited to watch the launching of SAARC satellite at Shrihariķota.
0 0 Respective sir.... To invent anything or to discover anything, student must be curious and creative and these two qualities can't be generated . Actually every individual have a curious mind in childhood but when time passes and he cant get a supportive society and quality education(importance of observation and analysis) he temporarily lost his curious mind but if again we became able to remove the rust and sooner or later, we surely get a scientist because every scientist is a observer...
0 0 Child's mother tongue is the first tool of its expression. English can take second place as we need to be competent in the international platform but primacy needs to be given to the child's mother tongue till its abilities to think and formulated concepts clearly are developed. This may take at least five years of formal schooling. English could be limited to the vocabulary use innately by the child while speaking his mother tongue.
0 0 sir me chahta hu delhi ke Har district me ya ho sake to Har block me ek shikayat box lagvaye jaye jisme janta apni shikayat ek paper pe likh ke us me dale or Har week govt. officer Un papers ko le jaye or logo ki shikayato pe dhyaan de
0 0 There is a continuous need of availing contests like "Code2learn" in schools. Students should also be given internships by the companies and organisations like ISRO to increase their interest in science, maths, astronomy, coding, design etc. so that by the time they come out of school, they are fully prepared to research, invent new technologies. Now is the time when we need a lots of Boxes, Ramanujans, Abdul Kalams. Let India be known as developer, inventor rather than just being user.
0 0 Health Mind in a Healthy Body: It is important to inculcate scientific spirit, as well as capability, in children in their early years. And more so for students who come from underprivileged backgrounds or are studying in rural government schools. One option may be to organise special classes after regular school hours that focus on three subjects: Science, Maths, & English. A full nutritious meal, in addition to the Mid-day meal given now, may also be provided along with some physical activity.
0 0 SIR,FIRST OF ALL GOVT should give special attention on PRIMARY EDUCATION IN RURAL.UPDATE THE SYLLABUS .by TECHNOLOGICAL WAY.IMPLEMENT bio-metric ATTENDANCE for Teacher/Student for more transparency Give training YEARLY BASIS FOR TEACHER TO UPDATE THEIR KNOWLEDGE What comes NEW,.ALSO EDUCATE about GOVT GRANT/BENEFIT GIVEN BY GOVT.GOVT should give SCHOLARSHIP/MIDDAY MIL subsidy OR any benefit TO CHILDREN DIRECTLY IN THEIR ACCOUNT OR THEIR GUARDIAN ACCOUNT DON'T INVOLVE ANY INTERMEDIARY thank U
1 0 That's what we need! To make this mission successful, all schools should be advised to leave traditional method of teaching and make students actually learn to develop the things with their education. In every school Computer education should include programming languages like JavaScript, HTML, CSS, python etc. So we can also produce a lot of pSteve Jobs, Bio Gates in country. In maths, science & comp. marks should be given on what students discover, create with the help of education
0 0 Before this, our curriculum to be changed in a lively manner so that students can have a love over it.
0 0 This is a very good scheme.
1 0 India needs all, innovators, business men and financers but most of all its citizens should be allowed to fail and start again . Till then Risk Taking will not go far. wish Rashtriya Avishkar abhiyan .
0 0 Respctd sir..i m belong from mainpuri up..mai hmari sarkar s bht khush hun jo kaam ho rha h baht achcha hai..par mjhe ek dar hai darr y hai yahan up aur anya states m bhi trees bahut kam hote ja rahe jsse atmoshpre m bht polution ho rha hai kyun na hm hr kisan s y kahe ki wo apne khet m ped lagaye aur y gov ki tarf s ordr h to sb lagaynge aur kuch salon bad hmara desh bhi green hoga..nd sir ek prblm aur hai hmen apni population ko rokne k lye bh kuch tareeke nikalne chahye..jai hnd
2 0 Namaskar Sir I think research aptitude should be developed from childhood itself so we need to create suitable environment, This can be done by opening schools dedicated to nurture a child for taking up research as a career.Such schools should be opened in each state and admission through Open competition which each child opting for one state and with no Reservation...It should be like Navodaya but of lot better quality of teaching and more resources.. Thank you..
0 0 Dear MHRD Officials, I appreciate your initiative for the collective growth of the country.I am sharing my mind,observations and ideas with you.Please find attached the sheet. Regards, Yash
0 0 Namaskar, Actually i am belonging from pharma research sector; actually main concern about the research field which i have observed up till now is everybody completes its degree education from good institutes....but the candidates having interest to do research, they directly go for job in industrial sector because of only having weak financial background due to family responsibility and second thing is that less availability of research fellowship so people prefer to go outside country.
2 0 respected MODI JI ... Plz think about this ....
1 0 He is one of my inspiration. I m a student of b.tech and want to become a scientist one day. I have lot of ideas but couldn't execute. I feel suffocating sometime . I think we Indians will never be innovative in every field than any developed country until we are provided with public engineering workshop,hitech laboratories,library,and every person knowledge about procedure of patent should be there.
0 0 respected MODIJI Please wake up wake up wake up. stop all vvips and their families using private luxury facility and settings( everyone knows meaning of settings)misuse of power by govt officers. like direct entry to airport without in queue rail ticket education sector fist class treatment in all dept. if these people usu public services providing by govt they will come to know about problems of common people.otherwise our nation never be progress. please wake up PRIME MINISTER
0 0 respected prime minister abhi samay aa gaya he strong decision lene ka. aap sabhi ministers aur officers ko private aur luxury facility stop kar dijiye aur inke parivar ko bhi normal public services use karne dijiye tabhi inko pata chalega ke janta kitni pareshan he verna ye log luxury life ke aadi ho hage he aur ye desh kabhi nahi sudhrega.
0 0 Dear sir, There is a huge pressure of getting a Job, confusion of selection a field, hesitation for certain jobs considered low profile in the society and a fear of future in the youth. This starts from the teenage itself. Children nowadays are preparing for IITs, AIMs when they are in 8th standard only or even before. Everyone wants to become a doctor or an engineer. NO body knows the other option or I can say that gets time to think about anything else. There is a blind race without destinatn
0 0 Respected Sir, Whenever i walk on street,i saw our peoples are still not keeping our city clean even educated peoples, high profile peoples also. Then i thought why they are doing this, then i notice no DUSTBINS, I will suggest you to increase production of dustbins & provide dust bins to every shops & it should be compulsory, & provide Water Drums on the end & beginning point of the dividers.
0 0 Respected prime minister If u really interested and have sympathy towards indian common people my suggestion is that please stop all VVIPS from their misuse of power in all settings(use of dirty power) in government dept all facility providing to all minsters and high rank officers with their families who are really misusing their power in all dept they should use all public facilities providing by govt itself like medical education rationing food public transport like local busus and trains etc
0 0 There is no excitement generated in students to become a scientist . They should be told what can they contribute to society. There r so many interesting fields in which research is going on they don't know abt . so if u really want to encourage students it's important that , they should be told abt it at a primal level at the academic level . There is a need to generate excitement abt being scientist .
2 0 Respected Prime minister Modi Ji, I would like to request you that, people are getting a new and innovative ideas in every sector almost, but they are not able to implement those ideas, because to execute those ideas, they need to have an engineering workshop or laboratories. So my request is that if we can setup an at-lest one engineering workshop and laboratories in each district, that would result in creating many patents or inventions in a year.
0 0 Respected sir , i wish to make a suggestions . As u said that among 100 of students only 1-2 students are willing to become scientist whereas atleast 60-70 students want to become doctors or engineers . This is so because the profession of doctors and engineeringing is highly glamourized and almost all of them know the procedures they have to follow after completion of schooling to become the same , but very few actually know abt the process they have to follw to become a scientist .
0 0 Namaskar. Every Govt / Public Sector employee at Supervisory and higher levels may be attached to one of Govt. school for specified number of hours in a year and these hours (based on feedback of students) shall count as credit points in annual appraisal of that employee.
0 0 Honorable prime minister, i would suggest to develop biogas power plant technology. May be it can help to give villages more cheaper power and it will also help to make villages clean.
3 0 Dear Sir, please note that first and for most thing which can make difference in today's society is education. We should develop system such that every child in our nation can get better education  at minimal school fee. for this we have to develop our government school in better way by recruiting best teachers , giving best infrastructure , monitoring progress on daily basis and paying them sufficiently. I have came across some student who have potential of doing some thing different but they can't afford to pay huge private school fee and on other hand parents don't have trust on education provided by state govt school. Moral:- please work to make education system as strong as possible by all mean ( quality of education, cost effective, resources, etc) "Padhega India Tabhi To Badhega India" Right to Study should be implemented.
2 0 Respected PM - we have to build (NDRO) National defence research organisation. In which our scientists will develop most hitec. weapons and other defence equipment.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please find attached my opinion for Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan.
0 0 I am a student of a central govt. school and i know very well how science and maths practicals are not much emphasized in the all such schools till 10 standard. Even practicals are written in the form of theories in notebooks. There is a strong need to implement the existing schemes of skill development in all govt. and central govt. schools and also supply of resources for students so that they develop a interest in this field from a small age.
0 0 Modi sir, sir apase nivedan he.meri baat ko samjhane ko kosis kijiye ga. Sarkari hospitals me ilaj to kam pease me hota. Lekin jo medicine doctor likh kar dete he uname jo kam pease ki medicine di jati he lekin jis medicine ki kimat jayada hoti he use nahi diya jata.me jab apane ilaj ke liye salt lake ke ek hospital me gaya to ek aadami ke paav me ghav tha usake pass pease na hone ke karan use apana paav katana pra aap samjh gaye hoge ki me kya kahana chahata hu.help future me
0 0 Sir, please allow the students to apply for the NFOBC and MANF fellowship, those who are not able to join any university for the research. If we are able to join any university then there is no need of this fellowship. Also reform old ugc and csir into a single independent body. Rules and regulations should be updated. Then only India can produce scientist..othetwise all brightest mind will goes to US
0 1 I think "Narinder Modi" should take off his duties and give REZIGNATION to us.
0 0 one can't be just innovative by reading his books so just encourage other best magzines and other things and spread it in local language, like give a boost to magzines like "VIGYAN PRAGATI, & AAVISHKAR". you gov have make a rule that no b.tech or mbbs student can sit in PGT exam.what's this? most iitians,doctors have been taught by engineers & doctors, then why no one thinks about it and u ALL JUST WANT INNOVATION. it can't happen if our surrounding is not good.support and subsidies those magzi
0 0 I think before going through this initiative u must go fr betterment of all government schools nd institutions. And regarding this initiative we can improve mentality of students by telling them about carrier opportunity in field of science and also need to develop more IIS in the country so that students can go through science and make india better. Except NIT and IIT need to develop more IIS.
3 0 Sciencitists will be found in Primary Schools,in rural schools too,please go to villages too as talent is not copyright of city schools.FINI works in rural areas too and great potential is there,only they need harnessing.
0 0 Whoever is doing anything good must  be awarded to promote new inventions. Apart from this researchers must be paid for their new researches published in good international journals.This will help us to promote research as a career in India which may solve the problem of unemployment in our country and new inventions will take place. But in all this marks must not be a barrier because creative minds have no limits and not confined to numbers in mark-sheets.
0 0 As per declaration in rail budget, I just want to ask rail minister that when will DMU n EMU will start between Meerut and Delhi. When we discussed about deadline or commitments. Why railway fail to deliver??. Sir this time all M.Ps. from Delhi to dehradun belongs to bjp. Than what else support people of the west u.P. n rest areas u required from us. Now it is almost one year ur govt. But no improvement in lyf of my area people. Be it roads, power, rail n employment. No corporate supporting us
0 0 yes this is 1st step should have taken by encouraging from the school level and also government has to raise the funds by cutting the salary of corrupted offical to encourage good deeds and supress bad things.
1 0 Dear sir, This scheme is not good we make world class scientist in India at with making a new department of student research and development that make you open for all student specially for village student because they have a mind but not a plate form Thanks
0 0 I would request the hrd ministry to increase practical sessions and make it compulsory for schools and colleges to call upon individuals from companies to impart those practical sessions concerning d subject. Also like olympiad exams start wd sm practical exam and one for innovative ideas and nt only gv scholarships also guidance. During games session include educational games and gv freedom to kids mind to create, innovate something of their own and post them on a site for innovative ideas. Thx
0 0 How it would be, if every farmer plant at least one tree in his field. It will be beneficial in more than one way. It will not only cater the need of green India but also help in reducing environmental  degradation and provide money to farmer as it will not harm farming at all. The slogan should be " One farm land one tree." Nandan Kumar Delhi.
1 0 The Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan seems like a great initiative. However I want to emphasize on one thing..India is home to millions of manuscripts containing a lot of scientific information regarding metallurgy, astronomy, astrology, etc. We even have epics like Ramayana & Mahabharata in our country. However there is no institute to research on these things to find out their viability. I would request an institute should be planned which is dedicated solely to research such manuscripts. Thank You.
0 0 modiji,your rastriya aviskar mission should not be restrict to government colleges,every student of every college should be included with their ideas and if the ideas are good then a panel of experienced people should help them to make it rael
1 0 Dear Respected Priminster Modi Ji. I am Raghvendra Dwivedi From allahabad/Pratapgarh u.p. Sir me aur sari public apke sare new yojnao se bahut impressed hai. But mera suggestion ye hai ki pls you focus on village also not only cities. Sir gaon me aaj bhi hospitals and girls collage ki Babut kami hai. Ghar ki betio ko study ke liye bahut dur jana padta hai,pregnancy me mahilao ke hospital bahut muskil se milte hai. Sir pls do somthings for hospitals and girls collage.
0 0 Research has remain just a word in reality...be it school practical labs or engineering labs. None of the teachers have a proper knowledge or expertise in creating,  opening minds of individuals to the level of scientists. ..all concentrate on getting good marks in theory for good name of college...this is a race where if one tries to get in depth of a single subject they get all discouragement ...also hw will one earn just by doing research. ..all want to live lavish life...hence race for money
0 0 Modiji your views are great on every topic and issue
1 0 Government of India should launch special scientific thought website in which students or any people can upload their research directly
0 0 I confused about one project of Indian govt. That is rapid rail from Delhi to meerut (U.P). I m still not able to understand its relevance as this project is very expensive also facing space problem. As one project of metro rail is pending than why it is required and if it is required that it can be another line by Indian railways between meerut to Delhi. My humble request to respected P.M.plz make it intervention and convert this track double to tripple. As it is physibal n economical.
1 0 In every university either state or Central a scientific lokpal is posted which is take care the scientific or research program and motivate for new research program
