3 0 our nation is not having woman NDA . if we say that woman and mens are equal so that is right
2 1 Tera mera sabkuch, mera mere baap ka...... This is bludy reservation in India
1 0 ??? ??? ??????? ?? ???? ???? ?? ???? ??, ???? ???? ???????- ????? ??? ?? ??????? ???? = 50 ???? ????? ?????? (????,  $1 = 63/- ?? 1 ????? = 159 ???? ) ????, $50 = Rs.3150/- 1 ???? ????? ??? ???? ?????? ?? (3150/159) =19.80 ?????? ???? 1 ???? ??????? ????? ?? ??? ???? ???? ????? ??? - 0.96 ???? @19.80/- = 19.00/- ?? ????? ??? ??? ?? ?? ???? ??????? ????? ?? ??????? ???? ???? ?? 6 ????? (?????????????? ??????) ????, 19.00 ????? + ??????? ????, 6 ????? = 25.00 ????? ??? ?? ???? ??????? ???? ??? ?? ???? ?????? ????? ?? ????? ???? ??, 25% ???? 6 ?????? ???? 25 + 6 = 31 ?????? ?? ??? ?? ??? ????? ????? ?? ????? ???? VAT, ???? ?? ????? 15% ???? ?? ???? ?? 5 ????? ???? ??? ?????? ???? ?? 36 ?????? ?? ???? ??? ??????? ??? ????? ?? ?? ???? 90 ???? ????? ???? ???? ?? ?? ???? ?? ??? 37 ?????? ????? ??? ?? ?? ??? 69/- ????? ???? ??? ??????? ??? ??? ??? ????? ??? ????? ?? ??????? ??? ?? ??????? ??? ?? ?? ?? ?????? ?? ???????? ?? ????? ??? ? ??? ?? ?? ????? ????  ????  ?? ?? ??  ??? ???  ??  ??? ????  ?? ?????  ???? ????? ?? ??? = 1.00 ??? = 5.50 ???= 1.50 ???? =2.00 ?????  =1.00 ????= 24.50 ???? = 4.00 ???????=8.00 ?????= 13.00 ??  ?? ?????  ?????  ????? ??  ???  ?? ?? ?? ?? Available ??  Indian Parliament Canteen ?? ??  ??  ????? ??  ???? ?? 80,000 ?????  ????? ??  ??  ???? income tax ?? ???? mobile ?? ?????  ??  ????? save ??  ???? forward??? ????  ????  ???  ???  ? ?? ??? ????  ??  ??  ?????  ???? ??  ?? ??  ????  30 ?? 32 ?????  ???  ????? ??  ?? ????  ??? ??
3 0 This is a bludy reservation in India
3 0 LEAVE THE OROP FOR OFFICERS - LET US READ THIS INTERESTING ESSAY ON LEADERSHIP BELOW OFFICER LEVEL Leadership Below Officer Level in the Indian Armed Forces* By Captain Balamurugan R Subbu** ?Leadership is a complex phenomenon, leaders are both born and made, but mostly made.? General George S. Patton Jr.1 Introduction The above quote reveals complexity of the leadership phenomenon. It is a phenomenon which comprises various personality traits like bearing, courage, decisiveness, endurance and initiative etc. Modern psychology claims that different personality traits are responsible for various types of leadership. These traits cannot be analysed in isolation. Blending them leads to an overall leadership style. A widely accepted definition of leadership describes it as ?an act of conducting, guiding and persuading?. It has been recognised that for one man to obey another with some enthusiasm, there ought to be something in common. Any individual from a group can become a leader subject to a chance given to him. It is a proven fact that these traits always form part of the overall personality of an individual. These inherent traits in a person can always be improved upon and brought out by regular training. 2 Till recently, in the Indian Armed Forces it was a moot point that we do not have able leadership below officer level. During the period from 2000 to 2010, when induction into the officer cadre was short by 20 per cent, this weak link in our junior military leadership was identified clearly. Today,when the Armed Forces are facing shortage of young officers, do we have sufficient leaders below officer level? With the severe shortage of young officers ? in units/ sub units, can we continue to employ young officers to perform all minor tasks? Why can we not employ Non Commissioned Officers (NCOs) and Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs) instead, to perform these routine tasks confidently? To find an answer to this question, we need to carry out a systemic introspection. The quality of leadership below officer level is very crucial for the Armed Forces. The burden of work on young officers can be reduced by employing JCOs / NCOs for routine duties? which would relieve them for employment in more complex tasks. This essay explores the answers to the above questions. Role of Senior NCOs and JCOs.? The British Indian Army was led by British officers to uphold loyalty to the British Crown. But, the personnel below officer rank (PBOR), the natives of India, were separated from the British officers by language, socioeconomic status, local customs and life style. To bridge this gap the British Army felt the need of having junior leaders of similar background as the natives. They were entrusted with some additional authority to command and control a group of soldiers during operations and peace time. In 1929-30, they were given the status of ?below officer rank?, but above the natives. The authority and powers of these junior leaders were not laid down in any manuals / documents. British officers in command (in field) were privileged to employ these junior leaders according to the situation. After 1947, the Indian Army retained the same colonial concept. It is true that the existing system is time proven and won laurels in the past operations. But, the system has failed to adjust with the changing environment. What are the factors that have led to this situation? Do our JCOs and NCOs have the ability to take decisions in dire situations? Do we impart adequate training to them to carry additional responsibilities, distinctly apart from the tasks given to them in the colonial days? Do we impart training during induction period to enhance their utility commensurate with their ability and potential? The answers to these questions would mostly be ?No?. Apart from these factors the system has some inherent weaknesses. Weaknesses. Inherited perception and thinking led to notable neglect in upgrading the standard of leadership training of PBOR. This weakness needed more attention, especially after Kargil War. Following weaknesses have inhibited the growth of leadership qualities in PBOR : (a) Age factor of JCOs. (b) Levels of education and intelligence. (c) Limited exposure to various situations in initial years of training and service. (d) Aiming for personal benefits from higher authorities. (e) Introducing regionalism, nepotism and favouritism. (f) ?Chalta hai? and ?Sahab se pucho? attitude i.e. avoiding excellence and responsibility. (g) Fear of being looked down upon among colleagues and losing face. Organisational factors which have contributed to these weaknesses are discussed in the succeeding paragraphs. A. Intake Standard.? Since Independence enrolment of the Other Ranks (OR) in the Armed Forces are based on recruitment rallies and drives. No test to evaluate the qualities of character and leadership of a recruit is conducted. Later, on becoming a NCO / JCO, the organisation expects him to display leadership qualities to meet varying situations? whereas, throughout his career these aspects are ignored. Then it becomes a herculean task to train the individual to imbibe the required qualities to reach the expected standard. B. Leadership Training in Service. This is an important facet of military training. Leadership training should start abinitio from the recruit training stage and it should continue to be upgraded at various stages in an OR?s career. Unfortunately, this aspect has been given very little attention and importance. C. Reluctance in Taking Decisions.? To keep their own tail clear, the PBOR always follow the principle of getting back to the immediate senior, whenever in doubt. They are unwilling to take minor decisions? and whenever they do, later they do not accept responsibility for the same. This aspect got highlighted very clearly while examining the incident, when in 2008, a JCO failed to save his ambulance from a mob in Jammu & Kashmir. Personal Factors. As per Freud?s Theory in Psychology, every individual has some personality traits which control his behaviour in day to day life. If an individual?s character and integrity are questioned, as a matter of rule, then he cannot become a successful leader among his subordinates. The recent developments in society have produced varying effects on the character of an individual. These trends have not spared the Armed Forces as well. The Armed Forces have not modified the system to check and balance the effects of these social trends, and the responsibility to keep his image and integrity untarnished, is left to the individual. D. Centralisation of Responsibility.? As no mistakes are accepted by the higher echelons, various authorities at the middle level do not take any chances. Even for petty jobs an officer is detailed? although the same could be easily done by a NCO / JCO. It leads to lowering of morale of both the officers and the men. A leader below officer level is not even allowed functional independence to carry out his task. To reach the stage of combat decisionmaking in war? a section/platoon commander (which essentially implies a NCO/JCO) has to learn to take decisions during peace time soldiering. Due to dilution of authority and overcentralisation of responsibility, JCOs / NCOs get into the habit of looking over their shoulders all the time. E. Curbing Initiative.? Initiative is the essence of a leader?s character. This quality, amongst other important factors, helps him to come out with innovative ideas. There is a growing tendency in the officer cadre to curb the initiative of NCOs / JCOs. The NCOs and JCOs need to be groomed in a planned and progressive manner by decentralisation of responsibility. Rigid Frame of Mind. It is said that to get an old idea out is more difficult than to introduce a new idea. The present higher echelon officers (because during their younger days the strength of officers was sufficient) believe that no OR can be a good leader. Some of them believe that only officers should be employed to accomplish all tasks. This thinking has led to neglect of the idea of imparting leadership training to NCOs and JCOs. Remedial Measures Reorientation of Leadership Training. Today, employment of Armed Forces is not limited to conventional war situations only. Their commitment in internal peacekeeping, counterinsurgency and low intensity conflicts etc. has grown over a period of time. Due to shortage of young officers and unsatisfactory state of leadership standard amongst NCOs and JCOs, it would be difficult for the Armed Force to perform their enhanced tasks/role with required efficiency. Since officers would not be available to take decisions everywhere, NCOs and JCOs have to be trained to take vital decisions at lower levels of leadership. To meet this requirement leadership training for junior leaders below officer level needs modification and reorientation by initiating following measures:? (a) Recruitment Procedure. Evaluation of a large number of recruits for assessing leadership qualities is a difficult task. The present recruitment procedure should include a simple psychological test to identify key leadership traits. Result of this test, in the Record of Service, would later help in selection of right individuals for nurturing leadership qualities during their service career. (b) Induction Level Training. Result of psychological test should be used as a base during initial training at the basic training establishments. Firstly, a discreet check on character and leadership traits should be maintained during this phase of their training. Thereafter, the parent units should take on the responsibility of guiding individual soldiers to attain their full leadership potential. (c) NCO Level Training. During the initial stage of training in the units, periodical review of leadership traits should be conducted. These reviews should highlight the positive and negative character traits clearly. At the end of about 10 years service, a formal training capsule on leadership training should be conducted to select NCOs for training at regimental centres. They should also be tested at various levels of responsibility like detachment, section and platoon. These evaluations could help in ascertaining the level of responsibility that can be given to individuals. Suitable candidates should be subjected to section / platoon level tactical exercises. Successful NCOs should be screened to assess their eligibility for promotion to the JCO rank. (d) JCO Level Training.? When a NCO becomes a JCO, he generally experiences a period of stagnancy in his career. At this stage, he is neither part of a working party nor is he a working party commander. Therefore, in day to day functioning he needs to be given more responsibility, as this will give him confidence to shoulder bigger responsibilities, both, in peace time duties and as a leader during operations. On becoming a JCO, he needs training capsules on leadership so that he keeps abreast with the newly commissioned officers. Officers with adequate maturity and experience should guide the JCOs to become better leaders. Role of Senior NCO / JCO ?No man is a leader until his appointment is ratified in the minds and hearts of his men?. ? DAG Hammarksjold The responsibilities of a NCO and JCO should be defined in doctrines / pamphlets of the Armed Forces.? These should be followed in letter and spirit at unit / sub unit level. The employability of a NCO/JCO, to take on the duties / responsibilities of a young officer, should be increased. This would encourage him to take decisions more confidently. Any person who fails to meet these responsibilities should be identified, and counselled to show improvement in a given time frame, failing which he should be wasted out to maintain functional efficiency of the organisation. Knowledge and Exposure.? In modern society, anyone who selects Armed Forces as a career is well informed and educated. As he moves ahead in service and gets promoted as a NCO / JCO, he tends to ignore the importance of knowledge to develop his leadership qualities. Competence comes with knowledge because experience alone does not make a man to grow to his full potential. A NCO / JCO should be given adequate opportunities to improve knowledge relevant to his service and trade. He should be encouraged to keep abreast with the younger generation by being open to new ideas. This would enhance his ability and confidence to work with subordinates. Even as a young jawan he should be exposed to take right decisions in complex situations, as part of a detachment to carry out important tasks. This methodology will pave the way for developing his leadership qualities. Appraisal System.? The appraisal system for NCO / JCO in vogue needs revision to meet future requirements. New features should be included to evaluate his character, professional acumen, level of initiative, willingness to take responsibility and other desired ibutes. The officer cadre should ensure that the new appraisal system is fair and judicious. Role of Young Officers.? When a young officer joins the unit from the academy his interaction with men starts through NCOs and JCOs. They help him to understand the men who will follow his command in peace and war. He should establish a positive rapport with them and take care not to hurt their emotions through immature conduct on his part. Young officers should understand that the NCOs and JCOs have spent most part of their lives in the Armed Forces and are a reservoir of inherited military wisdom. He should, therefore, endeavour to help them to become good leaders by entrusting them with more responsibility. Officers critical appraisal should be directed to reinforce the confidence of a NCO / JCO. Middle level leadership in the Armed Forces should give adequate freedom to NCOs/ JCOs to perform their duties confidently. Comparison with Other Armies In modern armies the concept of having competent NCOs has survived? but the concept of JCO has met with moderate success. The systems being followed in some foreign armies are enumerated below : (a) The US Armed Forces.? Comparing the United States (US) Army with Indian Armed Forces would be an inaccurate hypothesis. 1. In the US Army the role of NCOs in combat is vital. As a young NCO, he is given responsibility equal to, if not more, than our JCOs. 2. The NCO would be assessed for this on various occasions (to reach this level in his unit /sub unit). 3. His position is quite well defined in the organisation, alongwith his role, responsibilities and duties.4. The JCO like appointments in the US Armed forces are more at the formation and administrative level. The percentage of such appointments are very low in comparison to the Indian Armed Forces. (b) Armed Forces of NATO Nations. Being a forerunner to the Indian Armed Forces, most of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) nations are still following the concept of JCO rank. Functioning and grooming aspects of their leaders below officer levels are very concisely explained in their tactical / operational doctrines. Studying these concepts indicate where we have failed in our Armed Forces. (c) Singapore Armed Forces (SAF). SAF may be smaller in size? but, there are some aspects which we need to learn from them for betterment of our Armed Forces. In SAF the concept of JCO is given very less weightage. Induction of NCOs in SAF starts with a ?Reasoning and Psychological Test? at the age of 17 to 19 years. After selection they attend three years Graduation Programme in Defence Institutes. These NCOs, being backbone of SAF, become ?Specialists? or ?Subject Matter Experts? (SME) on completion of studies. These SMEs are young in age with high potential and are able to carry out all kind of tasks during operations and peace time. After 10 years of physical service SMEs are promoted to the rank of Warrant Officers (WOs) who are equivalent to our JCOs. On becoming WOs, they are mostly employed in administrative duties? unlike the Indian Armed Forces where a JCO is expected to lead a platoon in battle. This system in SAF ensures that an NCO is competent, intelligent and young to lead a platoon during operations. Recommendations The modern warfare is characterised by small detachment actions in specific tactical situations. In the prevalent system in the Indian Armed Forces, where the average age of JCOs is 3840 yrs, they would not be able to cope with the physical requirements of modern warfare. To that extent, existing system needs to be amalgamated with a new system. The salient features of the proposed new cadre are as under : (a) Age Profile. Age profile of NCO/ JCO needs to be reduced to meet the basic requirements of modern warfare. With the reduction in age profile an NCO /JCO will be high in receptivity and more confident in taking additional responsibility to lead a detachment in peace and war. (b) Formation of a New Cadre. Apart from the present JCO / NCO cadre, an additional stream of direct JCO / NCO cadre needs to be formed. (c) Basic structure of the New Cadre would be as follows: Features of the Proposed New Cadre. (i) Educational qualification for the New Cadre would be 10 + 2 with preferably Diploma in Arts / Commerce / Technical field (specialisation). (ii) Psychological test to be conducted during recruitment.? (iii) Grooming and on the job training be given for six months at unit / sub unit level. (iv) Younger age profile increases the employability in various conditions for an NCO. He is more flexible and receptive during initial military training. (v) On completion of 10 years of physical service NCOs should be given an option to either go out of service or to get promoted to JCO rank (through selection). (vi) Younger JCOs (30 to 32 yrs) would be more capable than the existing JCOs. As a JCO with a younger age profile, the individual would be available to the organisation for more than 10 years. (vii) The present ratio of JCOs in the Indian Armed Forces may be reduced. Their employability should be more in administrative than operational roles in the units. (viii) After 15 years of physical service as a JCO, he may be sent on retirement at the age of 4245 years or seconded to Para Military or Central Police Forces. Conclusion The NCOs and JCOs in future need to be broadminded: having depth in character, being tough, competent, better in man management, well informed and balanced in thinking. These qualities would help them to provide better leadership at the lower levels in modern warfare conditions. The need today is to identify the weaknesses, short falls and problem areas in leadership training of our PBOR. My intention in this essay is neither to project a bleak picture nor to raise an alarm about the lack of leadership qualities of NCOs and JCOs. The need of the hour is to have professional soldiers? who are competent, willing to take on responsibility and do not have ?followers? attitude of ?sahab se pucho?. There is a definite need for reforming the system? else it may lead to failures during the hours of crises and need. This weak link has the possibility of remaining unnoticed during peace time but would get highlighted during operations. Such changes are not possible in a short time frame of one or two years. A clear plan and road map should be prepared so that we have combat ready Armed Forces, befitting our aspirations to be a great power. Endnotes This article has been printed from website of United Services Institution (USI) of India on 18/08/15 at 13:13 IST. It can be directly accessed on Internet at [http://www.usiofindia.org/Article/?]. USI of India can be contacted at: Rao Tula Ram Marg (Opposite Signals Enclave) Post Bag No 8, Vasant Vihar PO, New Delhi  110 057 Telephone: +91 11 2614 6755/56, 2614 8682 Fax: +91 11 2614 9773 Website: [http://www.usiofindia.org] Copyright ? 2010. All rights reserved. The United Service Institution of India. Website designed, developed and maintained by  Consultancy Services. [http://www.procs.in] 1. Dr Rakesh Khurana of Harvard Business School as quoted in his research work ?Handbook of Leadership Theory and Practice?. 2. ibid. 3. ?Field Manual  Army Regulation?,?www.usmilitary.about.com.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. 4. ibid. 5. ?Organisation  UK & NATO Army?, www.?en.wikipedia.org.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. 6. ?Command Structure?,?http://www.mindef.gov.sg.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. * This article won the First Prize in Group ?B?: Open to officers upto 10 years of service. ** Captian Balamurugan R Subbu was commissioned into Central India Horse on 22 September 2007. Presently, he is Second in Command, 2 Independent Armoured Squadron. Journal of the United Service Institution of India, Vol. CXLI, No. 588, AprilJune 2012. 8/18/2015 USI of India | An article by USI http://www.usiofindia.org/Article/Print/??2/4
1 0 there is no stress on corruption and accountability of official to delivery their duty on time
0 1 I fully agree with the PM, steps taken by govt against corruption. But there is a great need to stop corruption where govt personal are in direct contact with people. All over India one unique helpline number (like 100 for police) should be given where people can give complaint. From helpline complaint should be transferred to concerned anti corruption branch. Today corrupt people have no fear and people don't know where to complain.
0 0 we are team India
0 0 excellent job sir
1 0 not even this but since last few till UAE visit not a single speach was so much active. actually a p m should introduce action taken by the running government but done by" me" should be eliminated the citizens to be availed with the vision for the government for next year.
0 0 nice work sir..
0 1 Govt should make clear road mape, so that information about every govt policy reaches to interior places. Sometimes, it seem that maximum people does not aware about the govt policies, which can benifit them in lots of ways. Specially farmers.
1 0 We can gift Atal pension yojana to newly married couples. Govt should prepare a gift card, so that we can gift it with one or two year primium.
2 0 great !!!!
1 0 Great speech
1 2 It was nothing more than a election speech..!!
1 2 k gajb ka bola aaj aap n .i love modi
2 2 Sir Please take you time to read it till the end...please. I would like to share a small video I made for tomorrow...I humbly request you to watch it if you could...and my idea for your speech would be to try something like a speech combined woth a video/presentation...it will have greater impacts,sir. Video:"Vande Matharam- Happy 69th Independence Day 2015" on YouTube - https://youtu.be/VHw5CR5xqvY Thanking You Vaisakh J Nair
15 2 sir can u bring about a rule of not circulating indian flags made of paper and not to sell them on occasions of independence day and republic day. because next day these flags are seen lying on the roads and in dustbins.I think we should teach the citizens to respect our national flag.
0 1 sir plzz include this this is in nation's interest
0 2 PM Sir, you must take this great issue to the world forum- which is the crying need of our times. Being Indian, in nutshell, we can summarise it like this: CCCIIIWWOHHHHAAMM... Comprehensive, Combined, Cozmozen's, Inclusive, Integrated, IndiaWorld, Wholistic, Holistic, Hygiene, Harmony, Happiness and Allied Missionary, Movement.
10 0 Sir, Please take the name of Martyrs especially Queen of Jhansi, Lakshmibai. Without her, we would not have achieved independence. Please Sir. And please speak on Gender Equality again sir.
18 0 Before 20 years, every school invites respected person of their village to addressed children on morality, value education. These persons become role model for every student and they learnt that money is not praised, knowldge is praised in society. But these tradition is gone and now rich man are become role model of every child.
6 2 How can we trained farmers with latest technology and infomation ? Can we teach them by agri students in every sunday in their village ? By doing this, Agri student will have more social responsibile and better understanding of farmers problems.
5 0 Understanding of Child pschycology & nutrition is very essential to every mother. Can we teach them with the help of experts ? College students, health educator can teach them in every sunday in their village schools. Govt should start a mission as ' Sunday School ' for farmers & mothers.
6 1 Our educated youths should take initiatives to establish science club in every village. It will be true tributes to our missile man APJ Abdul Kalam. If every village have a mandir, masjid, gurudwara or church then why not a science club . Science is the true religion.
7 0 Please addressed our youth to play minimum one hour everyday. We are proud that we have largest youths but maximum youth dislike physical labour, which cause tremoundsly increasing dieabetis, heart attact in the country.
3 0 SIR RAHUL GANDHI NE YEH KAHA HAI GUTS NAHI HAI . MERE HISAB SE SHRI ARUN JAILEY JI KA DEPARTMENT AAPKE KAHNE SE OROP ACCORDING TO NEW RULE 1 APRIL 2014 DECLARE KAR DE TOH YEH SABI KE MUH PE TAALE LAG JYENGE. 2. KISANO KE UPAR KUCH BADA DECLARATION HO JAYE TOH GANDHI FAMILY HAIRAN RAH JAYENGI. 3. KISANO KA AUR JAWANO KA MANN JO CHAHTA  HAI USO KARNE MEIN DER NAHI KARNI CHAHIYE. 4. YEH JJJITNE CONGRESS KE PRESTITUE GHUM RAHE HAI O AAPKO VIKAS KARNE SE ROKNA CHAHTE HAI UNKI BHI BAND HOJYEGI
0 0 SIR WINTER SESSION AANE MEIN ABHI TIME HAI MERE HISAB SE AAP ANNOUNCE KAR DIJIYE WINTER SESSION MEIN LAANE KA. JAWANO KE LIYE KITNA HI HURDLE AAYE HUME SAB KUCH TAAK PAR RAKH DENA CHAHIYE . BUT 1 ST APRIL 2014 RULE KE ACCORDING NAHI TOH KOI NAHI MAANEGA.
0 0 PLEASE GIVE ONE RANK ONE PENSION FROM THE 1ST APRIL 2014 RULE . THIS IS A DEEWALI TIME FOR SOLDIER IF ANNOUNCE ON TOMMOROW. AAJ HUM SABHI APNE JAWANO KO JO SAHEED HO GAYE SALAAM KARTE HAI.MODIJI SARE HURDLE HUME TURANT DUR KARNE CHAHIYE BECAUSE ALL VETERN SOLDERS MOSTLY ARE 80 TO 95 YEARS OLD.IS SE PEHLE KOI AUR ISKA RAJNITIKARAN KARE 15 AUGUST KO LAL KEELE KI PRACHIR SE WO KHUSHI KI LAHAR HOGI AUR ITNA MANOBAL BADHEGA JAWANO SE LEKAR HAR HINDUSTANI KA BUT NOT 2011 RULE BECUSE KOI NHI MANEGA
1 0 We need a Better Business Bureau (bbb.org). All businesses need to register and get a rating. When anyone wants to do business with anyone, they look up their BBB rating and details. This will ensure good business practices are rewarded and cheaters are exposed so nobody else does business with them. Everyone's complaints are located in a single database accessible by all.
0 0 BHARAT KO KHUD PAR DEPENDENT HONA PADEGA. BECAUSE OUR REQUIREMENT IS SO BASIC
1 0 SIR AGAR KOI KISAN NE KHETI KE LIYE JO PAISA LIYA AUR AGAR CROP KHARAB HONE SE YA BARISH KAM HONE SE NUKSAN HUA TOH WOH KISAN KISKE PAAS JAYE . POLICIES TOH HAZARO BAN JAYEGI LEGIN CORE ISSUE YEH HAI UN KISANO KE BAARE MEIN MEIN TURANT KOI FAISALA LENA HOGA HAR SAAL HAZAO MAR RAHE HAI MERE HISAB SE 1000 RS KA CHECK DENE SE KAAM NAHI CHALEGA. YAA PHIR AMERICA KYA KAHEGA KYA SOCHEGA IS AADHAR PAR NAHI BALKI TURANT KOI BIMA YOJNA LAUNCH KI JIYE ARMY AUR KISAN KHUS TOH YEH DESH BAHUT AAGE JAYEGA
3 0 Dear PM Narendra Modi ji... Plz include this post in your speech excerpts from my Article Child Labour Law & Unemployment towards Terrorism & Criminalism https://www.facebook.com/clluttc True Contribution towards the development of your Nation & Society... I would like to request you, do your excel in your respective fields with true heart (No matter you are employee or owner) & of course you are worshiping your respective God (Work is Worship). If you do the continued at Page 15 & 16
2 0 A soldier join Army very young age (17-23 years) for Nation, but they retire at very crucial age (37-52 years)(as per rank) when they need. They have jobless at that stage when they need more money for fulfill their family requirement. Please think about them, change the policy and increase the length of service for soldier who want to serve more (for all ranks), at least age 58 years or 40 year service like other Govt job. The soldier secure their job, they serve full attention for Nation.
0 0 SIR ENGINEERING KE STUDENT MERE SAATH KE 14TH CLASS KA GOVERNMENT KA FORM BHAR RAHE HAI. ITNI BOORI HAALAT HAI. KAR KYA RAKHA HAI COMPUTER ENGINEERING
0 0 SABSE BADI PROBLEM BEROJGARI HAI HYUME AAJADEEEEI DILEYEIN ISASE
0 0 SIR GARIB JANTA RAHUL KI BAAT MEIN AA SAKTI HAI. SO PLEASE ANNOUNCE BIG FOR POOR AND KISAN
2 0 PLEASE SPEAK ABOUT KISAN, WOMEN , POOR , YOUNG PEOPLE
0 0 BUT ANNOUNCE ON 15 TH AUGUST JAI HIND
0 0 I KNOW THIS IS MORE COMPLEX PLEASE TAKE TIME TO WINTER SESSION AND ELOBERATE TO ALL PEOPLE WHY IT IS TAKING SO TIME
0 0 DONT GAVE THIS ISSUE TO OTHER SIR ANNA HAZARE IS GOING TO FAST ON 2 OCTOBER. BEFORE THAT YOU ANNOUNCE OROP TO WIN PLEOPLES AND ARMY HEART. THIS IS A RIGHT TIME TO ANNOUNCE AND GIVE THE TIME TO WINTER SESSION TO COME IN PRLIAMENT
0 0 Hi, Respected "Pradhan Sewak Mahoday", Shree Narendra Modi ji As you wished in your popular Radio Programm, "Man Ki Baat" that people should send you Ideas, Opinion, Thoughts, choosing & selecting as subjects of PM's Red Fort Independence Day Speech... "I am the Creator, I m the Universe".' "The Universe is within Me" Not only this, today we are in search of LIFE & Aliens, apart from hoping to make settlements on other favourable & inhabitable planet in our solar system & outer space in the universe.? Therefore this way also we all are cosmozen, that's why Humanity must not be based on citizenship but the Cosmozenship
0 0 PLEASE GIVE FREEDOM TO KISAN. THEY ARE SUCIDING EVEYWHERE IN THE INDIA. JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN
0 0 PLEASE DE CLASSIFY SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE
1 0 TO SAFE WOMAN PLEASE ANNOUNCE BIG
1 0 SIR MR. PRIME MINISTER THIS IS GOLDEN OPPERTUNITY TO ANNOUNCE ONE RANK ONE PENSION.
2 0 splitting on walls & many unwanted activities which pollute the premises.Even though there is provision of fine but our mentality is changed.I request you to aware people to stop this shameful activities so that our mother India should become clean. Swacha Bharat !!!!! Thank-you sir. Jay Hind
2 0 Sir, swatch bharat abhiyan ko lekar kuch boliye, abhi bhi Uska asar ahi hota dikhai de raha hai, jo Semi urban city hai waha..   penalty rakhni chahiye, 5 or 10 rs.such nominal penallty bhi honi chahiye  .
1 0 Sir, you will be addressing the nation 15 August.Pollution is one of the major problem our country is facing.It is my humble submission  that when you will address our countrymen please tell them whatever fruit they eat they mustn't throw its seed,they should collect it,whenever they are traveling they should keep those seeds with them & should throw them on edges of roads,so that from those seeds a beautiful and fruitful tree may arise ,giving not only shade but fruits & air & beautifying them.
3 0 Dear PM, Solar Home. Yes we can do that. We have unlimited solar energy in India. This would be the best we can implement and it will be impacted a lot. Government Roles: 1. Subsidy (If possible) 2. Reduce import duty from solar energy equipments 3. Most Important: Research We can call IITs or other technical institutes to come forward to give inputs of research in the solar energy sector. The prices and government appreciations would be the great announcements to be hear for them.
1 0 Sir, Reservation ke bare me kuch boliye.. Talent desh mese bahar ja raha hai...Res. lagging the country.. Scholarship un baccho ko deni chahiye jinhe reservation ka benefit nahi milta hai, aur wo garib parivar se ho. baccho ko Bhedbhav me nahi palna chahiye.. kindly do it
0 0 15/8-9 ☆women --encourage to make international organisation .(duniya ki aurto ek ho-o). ☆Different government organisations - ask them to help the ppl properly (behave properly). ☆Mukhiya-ask them to do his responsibility  properly.(i think he can bring revolution in india). ☆Dr---plz keep alive humanity.(it should be reflected in your work.
0 0 Government job for all women ( according to their education), most generous country, Highest human development, Lowest unemployment rate We have to achieve this within five years . How?
0 0 We must have to learn from the leading countries in the world Leading five countries Switzerland, Denmark, Germany, Finland, Sweden India will be in first place within five years, we have to work hard together to become first JAI HIND
0 1 Respected Prime Minister, Indiscipline and corruption are hindrance for the development of our Great Nation and both are interrelated. We believe you will overcome it My suggestions: 1.Compulsory Military Training of 2 years for gents after 12th std:, analyzed best suited to be absorbed in Defense Services to fill the shortage. 2. Engg: Education to be practical oriented (even by increasing duration) rather than present system of classroom based; hence Make in India will be fulfilled.
0 0 Highest safety and security (Safety and security for women and children), Road safety, Best driving road, Highest level of irrigation, Equal income distribution, Least corrupt country, Lowest level of business corruption,   Highest minimum wage, Lowest central bank interest rate, Highest quality of life(“ lowest death rate of maternity, lowest child mortality , Highest health services in government sector too, free health care for eligible people- female and male above 60- widow-handicap-
1 0 Sir, at lower levels of administration it is very difficult to get the work done from SC/ST employees. Either they do not know how to properly do a task or if they do know, they demand for bribes from public and because of the stringent provisions of Prevention of Atrocities Act, they threaten to falsely implicate their superiors, if their superiors ask them to perform their duties.
0 1 15/8-7 11.people of country-plz aap me jo janha par hai apna kam puri jimmedari se kare yahi des seva hai. ☆jo vi vyakti ye kahta hai ki wo aapka pratinidhi hai-religion/cast/region...ke nam par un sabka virodh karna suru karo. ☆apne sarir/body/khane pine/sone ke saman ki safai par vises dhyan de ye bhi swachh bharat ka hi hissa hai. ☆ab aap sonchna suru kar do aapko dr. Ke pas kyuo jana parta hai. ☆starts to think about others democratic right rather than just concentrating yours.
0 0 SUBJECT-  Ideas, Opinions, Topics & Thoughts for PM's Independence Day Speech
0 0 15/8-6 10.female-apneaap ko bachhe paida karne ki machin samajhna band karo/pati ko bhagwan samajna band karo.
0 0 15/8-5 9.young people-tum us har aadmi ka virodh karo jo samaj ko lutne me lage hai/jo samaj ke harek chij ko apni sampati samjhta hai chahe wo mukhiya/bdo/dm/mp/mla /NETAJI inko boliye ki aisa karne me uski thodi bahut vyaktigat(self) nuksan ho sakta hai par ab sirf I LOVE INDIA KAHNE SE KAM NAHI CHALEGA.inko boliye ki ye sahi galat ka faisla karne se pahle logically sonche n ki purwagrah (prejudice) se grasit ho karke.inko boliye ki ye us har aadmi ka virodh kare jo sirf rajniti karta .
0 0 Sir further to my earlier comments I request you to also exhort our countrymen to make India Samvedansheel, Sahyogi & Sports minded Bharat. Jai Hind sir.
1 0 sir, 1)if you again address to all indian about "swachh bharat abhiyan" it would be great. 2)child labour is in india is not yet finished the topic you should discuss. 3)"sir its my wish that please sing a song for our counterymen please sir its a request" thank you #pm #independenceday
0 0 15/8-4 8.people of world-people of world-plz AAP LOG APNE ANDAR KISI BHI INSAN, CHAHE  WAH AAPKE DES KA HO YA DUSRE DES KA KISI KE LIYE APNE DIL ME NAFRAT MAT JAGAO, AAP KI YAHI SONCH IS DUNIYA KO AANE WALI PIDHI KE LIYE BANCHA KAR RAKHEGI .AISA KARNA SARKARO KI MAJBURI SAYAD HO SAKTI HAI.
0 0 15/8-3 6.farmer-mai samjh sakta hoon ki ek bhukhe aadmi ke liye insaniyat/naitikta dono sambhalna muskil ho jata hai aur fir ek din mar jana bhi aasan ho jata hai .ham kosis kar rahe hai ki aapke chehre par wahi khusiya layi jaye jo BMW me ghumne wale ke chehre par hoti hai.aap mar jane (suicide karne) ke bajaye ab larna(fight) karna suru kar do  chahe wo mukhiya/BDO/DM/MP/MLA koi bhi ho. aap use dhundho jo aap ke hisse ki roti ke paise se apne ghar ko rausan karta hai...
1 0 Sir, It may be your political or constitutional compulsion to speak in favour of RESERVATION or not to speak against RESERVATION, but it is true that the reservation system in present form has caused immense damage to the MERITS, TALENT, and moreover to the very fabric of society. Our country is lagging behind because of  two reasons 1. RESERVATION and 2. CORRUPTION. The overall  quality of administration has gone down. SC/ST employees threaten to falsely implicate superiors if asked to work.
1 0 Most honorable PM sir, let us make the BJP/modi ji's era India with no disable person as often we saw most of them in holly places or tourism places in India & also destroys India's image which is not hidden by anyone. Gov. of India should take initiative towards this concern Or G.O.I can collaborate with Narayan Seva Sansthan Udaipur, Rajasthan where people can donate more after your intervention in it or make artists to the Brand ambassador of this campaign to collect more funds for it...
2 0 Sir kindly carry fwrd yr mission to motivate Indians to become better citizens by building on Swacch Bharat abhiyan.We should make a Swasth Bharat,a Sajag & Stark Bharat, a Smridh Bharat & above all a Khushaal and smiling Bharat.Jai Hind.
1 0 Introducing new schemes similar to Health and life insurance what you have introduced few months back.  In similar way I urge you to look after Education & healthcare policies as this has become the biggest burden on common man of India. These two issues are always considered as very profitable for private organizations, which shouldn’t be.
0 0 15/8-2 3.teacher-inko boliye ki ye fir ek bar purani choli ko pahan le.teachar ke purani bhartiye parampara ko apnaye. 4.media-kya dikhana hai kya nahi inko thoda sonchna chahiye.ratorat kisi ko bhi HERO banane ki koi jarurat nahi hai,khaskarke unhe jinka is des se bilkul kuchh nahi lena dena hai .inko boliye ki is tarah ke logo ko dikhaye hi nahi jo janha hai wanhi uchhalne do. 5.solders-aap is des ka past present and future sab hai.
2 0 Respected PM ji, I want you to speak on the topic of Reservation on this auspicious day of Independence. On the basis of "give up LPG subsidy", there may be other movement like "Give up reservation". I have observed that there are many self-respecting families who have acquired good positions by using reservations. And if motivated they may give up the reservation of their children. This way, other reservation needy and poor families may benefits from this movement. it is just a suggestion.
2 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister Modi ji, I would request you to speak on "Innovation in India" and how it can be nurtured in India - especially in the private sector. Innovative thinking is very very important among Indian citizens and it is the only way to create wealth among common man. Innovation is also the way to create great products across the world - Google, Apple etc... Request you to speak on "Innovation in India" and how to nurture it among the citizens of this country. Thanks, Ram
1 0 Respected Mr. Prime minister, We have faith in your ideology. However, when we go to  govt. office the dream seems very distant. The procedures/processes and the executors of these have no idea on how much resources they are wasting by engaging in delaying tactics, corruption etc.A simple reissue of passport can take up as long as months, an active PAN card can be cancelled with annual taxes being deposited for a salaried employee with no reason, can we avoid these as its a huge notional loss.
0 0 15/8 1-10-1 Respected sir,namaste. Sir u have lot to speak on 15/8  i think u should consider to speak on  this also. 1.child-can u ask.    kailash satyarthi.     together with working for child , inspire ppl/train ppl for what he is doing .train/inspire  at least 50 ppl in each state every month who can sacrifice himself/herself for child. 2.parents-aap ke bachhe na sirf aap ka bhavisya hai balki wo is des ka bhavisya hai.inko samaj ko bantnewali sari bato se door rakho.
2 0 Respected sir, i request you to please aware people about helping victims of road accident.Many people die because no one going to help them at right time.Everyone fears that if he will help those and if something bad happen than police will ask to him many questions.sir ,if you will urge people to help them then it will be very efficient because majority follows you only.Sir I know that these are very small thing for you but if you speech on this ,it will be act of great humanity. Thankyou.
0 0 Daily plenty of women molestation cases are being reported in news. Sufficient ladies police should be appointed and all of them should be asked to do duty in civil dress in buses and crowded areas once in a week and suitably rewarded for action taken agenst molesters
0 0 Respected prime minister, most of the citizens of this nation remember all of their rights but forget their duties towards the nation and society. They talk big on patriotism but at working level they fail. They even cannot understand that these acts are the steps of nation building, like- switching off lights in public place (hostel,college), keeping campus clean, not spitting everywhere, plantation,complaining to PHED for broken water pipe,respecting women-not harassing them,not breaking queue
0 0 Respected Sir, I would suggest you to announce Dr.APJ Abdul Kalamji's birthday as Spoorthi Diwas as Kalamji has been one of the greatest source of inspiration in recent decades. Innovative exhibitions particularly aerospace related can be organized on that day. --Aravinda H L, Asst. Prof., Department of Telecommunication Engineering, Dr.Ambedkar Institute of Technology, Bangalore
0 0 DEAR SIR, Many nonstop planes of US are being fueled while in flight.Another plane flies nearby with same speed and give fuel to the plane. Please launch a non stop train between New delhi and Thiruvananthapuram using this technology.
0 0 Respected PM, Humari ki raksha ke liye border par sanik tenakkie jate jo sirf jete hai apne desh ke liye.Jab vo sahid hote apne desh ki raksha karte hue..Uske shahid hone k bad uske parivar khuch achi rakam milni chaihie Jese koi desh ka khiladi desh ke liye khuch bhi medal Etc. lekar ate hai toh hamari govt.sabko inaam deti hai toh ye sahid hue sanik ko milna chahie .aur jo rakam mile govt.ki aur se vo sari rakam uske  bank acct. transfer ho toh corruption nai hoga aur labh hoga parivar Ko..
0 0 Resp. sir,I would like to suggest you that you kindly request doctors to go to their district town and serve people over there in group of 8 to 10 from different specialities and work together.Need of doctors is very high at the level of district as not much hospitals are there and even they donot work in a coordinated way.thatswhy people have to bypass small towns and reach bigger cities in search of health services.Health services is a basic need and it must be given at root level of society
0 0 Respected Sir, You may again speak about the 'Swachh bharat abhiyan' on 15 August our Independence Day making people more aware about the cleanliness and public hygiene.And also sir if you speak on the increasing pollution which has lead  to many drastic effects on our environment due to which this year in some parts of India rain is not properly due to which some of the vegetables price is increasing.So sir if think if it is useful, you may please speak on these two given ideas. Thank you sir.
0 0 With make in India only we can provide employment to our youngsters. Those engineers coming out of college can start their own manufacturing unit if practical training is given in reputed factories in foreign countries. Government should seriously think of it.
0 0 because of his thoughts....
0 0 Respected prime minister, as swami Vivekananda said, education is the basis for our moral foundation and responsible and duty bound citizenship.but unfortunately after independence the political leadership in the name of secularism, has severed our links from our own moral and philosophical values. There is an urgent need to relook and rejig our complete educational system(particularly school level) in accordance with views of Vivekananda on education(Advait Ashram). Japan is an inspiration
0 0 respected prime minister of India, i suggest or request that on memory of DR.A.P.J ABDUL KALAM doing a 2 minutes pray on Independence day before starting the ceremony. it tributes to our nation builder hero. jai hind, jai bharat
0 0 Dear PM, You could speak about the evil of 'Dowry System' in INDIA !
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES YOUTHS to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the EDUCATED PEOPLE choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population REDUCES as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
1 0 ????? ?? ?? 6th ????? ?? ????? ???? ?? ? ?? ???? ??? ?? ????? ?? - "??? ?? SC ?? ST ???? ??? ?" . ???: ???? ?? ?????? ????? ????? ?? ?? . ?????: ??? ?? ?? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?? ???-??? SC ST ?? ??? !!!!! . ???: ???? ???????? ??? ????? ????, ???????? ???? ????? ???? ?? . ?????:- ?????, ?? ????? ???? ?? ?? ?? SC ST ?? ??? ?????? ???? ???????.....! . ?? ??? ?? ???? ???? ????? . ???: ???? ????? ?????? ??? 4 ????? ?????? ?? SC ST Obc ?? General ?? ????? ?????? ???? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ???? ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? . ?????: ?? ??? ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ??? ?? ???? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???? ??? ??? ?? ??? ?????? ???? ..?? ?????? ???? ?? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ???? ?? ? ?? ???? ????? ???? ??????? ?????? . ???: ???? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ?? ? . ????: ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? ??? ?? ?? ??? ?? ????? ?? . ???: ???? ?? ?? ??????? ?? ????? ??? ??? ???? ??? ?? ?? ???? ?? ???? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ????? ??? ???....! . ????: ?? ??? ?? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ???? ???? ?????? ? . ???: ??????? . ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ? . ???? ????? ??? ??? ?? ?? ??? ?? ???? ???? ?? ?? ????? ???? ??? ?? ?? ?????? ? . ????: ??? ???? ??? ?? ???? ??? ??? ?? ?????? ???? ??? . ???: ??? ???? ? . ??? ???? ????? ???,????? ??? ,??????? ???, ?? ??? ?????? ???? ... . ??????? ?? ??? ???? ????? ?? ???? ?? ?? ????? ?? ??? ?? ?? ?? ??? ?? ???? ?????? ?? ?? ???? ??? ??? ? . ????: ??? ?? ???? ????? ??? ??? ???? ????? ??? ??? ???? ???? ??? ?? ???? ??? ???? ? . ???: ??? ???? ????? ???? ?? ???? ?? ????? ??????? ?? ??? ?? ????? ??? ?? ?????? ???? ?? ?????? ???? ???? ????? ?? ??? ?? ?????? ?? ? . ????: ??? ???? ????? ????? ??? ?? ???? ?????? ?? ?????? ?????. ??? ???? ?? ??? ?? ???? ???? ??????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ????? ? ??? ??? ???? ????? ????? ?? ?? ? . ???: ???? ???? ??? ??? ????? ??? ?? ???? ....??? ??? ?? ???? ??? ?? ???? ?? ??? ??..... . ???? : ?? ??? ??? ??? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ???? ???? ???? ??? ?? ??? ??? ????...!!! . ???: ?? ????? ? ?? ??? ??? ?????? ? ???? ????? ?? ??? | . ????? ????? ?? ???? ?? ? ?? ?????? ???? ?? | Respected PM, If Possible, Please Stop Reservation...!
1 0 we would like to hear something to control population. Today we need to control population rather than to think of the challenges we might get because of over population.
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer. So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 Dear sir, 1) Control population explosion 2)City Garbage problem by sorting and recycling Green , Metals, Glass, Paper and Plastic 3)Anti national person  strict  policy and punishment 4)Power saving Common lights LED only 5)No of news channels is waste, use media education purpose 6)Public transport and walking day in month Happy Independence Day Kishor Shende, Pune
0 0 my humble req
1 0 hi....please also give prize to the man who has saved life of shopkeeper today. He would have easily left the spot but he opposed the person with sword to save life. This is clear example of brave citizen of our country.
0 0 I am appreciate the swach Bharat Abhiyaan and this Independence Day please add fight against food adulteration programme. Slogan swach Bharat sudh aahar
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Students from colleges including professional colleges can be given military training for a  minimum period of six months so that they will be disciplined to lead a decent and healthy life. They will also develop patriotism. Strength of our nation will be enhanced.Thanks for encouraging us to share our views. Great Independence Day.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, With humble respect, I put forward few of my points. 1.A 'SALUTE' on behalf of all citizens to the army,navy and military officials would be a great tribute. 2.Motivate 'YOUTH' of the nation,stressing their importance in realizing,Dr.APJ kalam's 'INDIA 2020' mission 3.It would be great if you could talk about tree plantation and insist school children to take part in it. 4.Please insist on making 'self defence'classes(karate etc) for girls mandatory at school level.
0 0 Our Parliament mansoon session was a failure due to handful peoples protest. Why not include some clauses in our law like nobody should protest in any kind inside the houses when sessions are going on. Any MP if absent on session day will loose his allowance and salary on prorata basis, nobody should speak more than the alloted time etc.?
0 0 Deadly diseases are increasing in the country. One of the main reasons for this is food adulteration and excessive use of pesticides. Almost everything we consume today is adulterated. For e.g. most of the fruits and vegetables we eat contain pesticides more than permissible level. Formalin is used for preserving food items. Some people even make artificial milk. Even the water we drink is polluted with pesticides, mercury and battery pollution. Please something seriously for FOOD SAFETY.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, With humble respect, I put forward few of my points. 1.A 'SALUTE' on behalf of all citizens to the army,navy and military officials would be a great tribute. 2.Motivate 'YOUTH' of the nation,stressing their importance in realizing,Dr.APJ kalam's 'INDIA 2020' mission 3.It would be great if you could talk about tree plantation and insist school children to take part in it. 4.Please insist on making 'self defence'classes(karate etc) for girls mandatory at school level.
0 0 Kindly make a word on education with Nature related from Nursery level onward  by planting  plants and trees.
1 0 Es Aajaadi ke Diwas ... Aap Savi Betiyo ko Talented FLAG HOISTING Karne ka Sammaan De..Taki Unke Hausle Ko Samman mil Sake...( es baar nhi to har saal ye mauka de ) Jaise College,Schhol,Office ya Politics Office me v
0 0 Every educational institutions should make sure that students should have holistic development
0 0 Es Aajaadi ke Diwas ... Aap Savi Betiyo ko Talented FLAG HOISTING Karne ka Sammaan De..Taki Unke Hausle Ko Samman mil Sake...( es baar nhi to har saal ye mauka de ) Jaise College,Schhol,Office ya Politics Office me v
0 0 respected sir I am civil engineering student.Ihave question about the reservation of the sc/st/obc. why reservation affects our regular life & career.Sir i am not the only one who have problem with reservation there many talent can be demotiavte by reservation. I have an example of my friend my one friend got rank near 2000 but he didn't get admission in main campass of i.p.u delhi.But my second friend got 16000 rank nearly and he got main campass of i.p.u because of he is s.c.
0 0 Being from defense background I have been seeing while travelling from Kanyakumari to Kashmir that the streets containing around 15-25 Tubes/LCD bulbs and  religious places having good watts of bulbs/Tubes are switched off around 7-8 AM and even some places it may go up to 10 AM. Same thing if it rains and even unnoticed after sunlight shine.
0 0 Many of our jawans and military officers have lost their lives fighting against Pakistan. Why not we construct housing projects for our Jawans and officers in border areas and allot to them and post them in these areas so that they will be with their families there and familier wirh the area so that no intruders will dare crossing the border. If any jawan or officers dies fighting enemies, their family should be given a house free of cost.
0 0 #GO GREEN,FOR NATURAL DISASTER ITS VERY IMPORTANT.PLEASE INSIST THE INDIAN CITIZENS FOR IT .ALSO GOVERNMENT DECLEAR PROGRAMME FOR PLANTATION TREE.
0 0 Some simple suggestions for road safety. 1. Discourage black vehicles as they have higher crash risk. They also consume more fuel. 2. Use bright colored school uniform to add visibility and thereby reduce accidents. 3. Use fluorescent paints/bright paints for cycles. No more black cycles. 4. A complete ban on advertisements involving dangerous stunts by drivers / riders, as kids children and youth will be influenced. Youngsters will imitate the same , small children will do it in future.
0 0 IDEAS FOR INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH BY HON’BLE PM OF INDIA I wish the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India sends out a strong, loud and clear message to all Govt./Private sector organizations including Constitutionally appointed Authorities to create the most dignified status in dealing with service issues faced by working women.  WITHOUT EMPOWERMENT OF WOMEN’S STATUS IN ALL WALKS OF LIFE, WHERE GOVT. OF INDIA SHOULD LEAD BY EXAMPLE, THERE CANNOT BE A BETTER TOMORROW.
0 0 Energy revolution should be treated as next  revolution like green revolution and white revolution.
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, Ia am a student of 10th std of ST Marys central School Poojappura TRIVANDRUM KERALA and I am the president of Trivandrum Union of malayala manorama akhila kerala balajanasakhyam which is Asia's largest youth development club. I visited many such youth clubs in Trivandrum from that i came to know that most of the students are aware about it but none is comming froward to attend it .Sir, it imprtant please make the  students aware of it and we can hope for a good future for India
0 0 Sir, Since your speeches really pierced into everyone hearts and soul kindly make a request to switch off the light of Street and religious places early minutes of dawn i before 6.10 AM so as to save thousand Watts of current daily in one Village/Panchyat which we can utilize to many villages where poor farmers are in the dark as I have been doing daily this while going for morning walk at 6.10 AM in my village Narakal, Cochin and saving electricity for my country. Being from Defense background
0 0 One point everybody knows that India is a very young country w.r.t average age(around 29) of Indians .Key point is that if India has to become Superpower then next 5-10 years are very key for us and if we do not work hard during this time , we will miss this opportunity to become superpower for ever . This happened with Japan.So ideally a country needs to work hard when its Young to attain developed nation status . Prime Minister should mention this fact in his speech and exhort people.
0 0 More than 1,50,000 people are killed in Road Accidents. Annual economic loss due to road accidents more than, Rs. FIVE LAKH CRORES. i.e. more than the double India's defense budget. Our financial experts are concerned about the GDP growth for the next year. They are worried whether it will be 5.5 % or 6 %. Yes, they are concerned about even 0.5 %. But they are not concerned about the 3 to 4 % lost every year in road accidents. The issue has to be addressed with top priority.
0 0 Dear Prime Ministerji, I am Madanlal Rathore,aged 90 yrs, writing my suggestion through the account holder. 1. No work no wages to Member of parliament for all those days when no work is performed by the parliament house. Also the fund allocated to MP for development to their area should also be withdrawn/recovered from those MP who are responsible for the interruption of Parliament proceedings.
0 0 One Nation One syllabus for all children Make our education reachable to all children For lower primary classes only languages and mathematics must be the only subjects Hindi, English and one regional language are to be made compulsory Panchathantra story and moral stories are to be teached in lower classes.
0 0 Sir I think the most important area of attention of this I-day is the previous deadlock of our Parliament. This is the right time to ignite a debate about a code of conduct for our Parliamentarians. Implement a new programme to transfer the facilities of Urban areas to our Rural areas under the name of late Sri.Abdul Kalamji. Digitization of RT offices by linking vehicles with Adhar will help us to find out unfit and unauthorise vehicles Improve our public markets under a Swachbharath
0 0 Ask to whole India to stop drinking crap like Coke and Pepsi. They are using huge potable water. And farmers are dying without water.
1 0 increase and apply the awareness on road safety and health yoga ,Environment and public health increase safety levels within government organization  identity the hazard and control implementing safe system on public road system
0 0 Swacha Bharat is a good idea but it will be a failier if sufficient waste bins are not kept in appropriate places. Many times after eating banana at road side I have to throw its skin there since no waste bins nearby. Multinational companies will be willing to install waste bins on road sides free of cost if a part of it is allotted for their advertisement.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister I have attached a PDF document with some concerns which may be included your independence day speech on 15/08/2015. Sudhir Kumar Singh
0 0 15 August suggestion WORKING WOMEN s should be given more benefits.
0 0 Respected P.M Following are a few suggestions that would help in the management of the election process A voter should have a smart voting card just like he has an atm card That smart voting card should have relevant data such as assembly, constituency,EPIC NO, serial no. Personal details etc and it should have a password like the pin for an atm card The smart voting card should also have a swap machine provided by the Govt. The voter should be able to cast his vote for his assemly constituency from any part of India Hence the voter's vote will be counted in the same list as per his assembly constituency The voter should be able to vote from his workplace too Advantages: There will be no bogus voting There will be a considerable rise in the voting percentage People will have a clearer view of the election This are a few suggestions by a common citizen. The Govt can work on and enhance these ideas with the help of experts
0 0 I wish that PM Modi should request peoples of India to keep their place of worship I.e. temples neat and clean. This work should be merged with clean my India campaign. It is generally seen that our temples specially in north India are not neat and clean. Place of worship should be clean. People of this country and PM should do something to get the temples clean. Thanks.
0 0 Dear sir, kindly consider the forces who r talking care of us with full dedication. Also the retired force people who r in talks with govt. On one rank one pension, as they have served our country during majour good time of their life.
0 0 Governmentalization of agriculture. Please refer PMOPG/E/2015/0057448.
0 0 Sir I want that on this Independence day u make an announcement from Red fort of making some laws to run parliament.like in parliament only discussion and debate will take place,no protest will be allowed.and if parliament will not run then no money will be given to all M.P's.sir I want this bcz when ever Parliament don't run properly common people get affected.
1 0 we Indians have tendency to criticize that we do in lok sabha also so instead of teasing each other we all should shake hands and work together rather than teasing on mom and son
1 1 plus instead of all these we should use tabs for education it would be less expensive over books plus students of village would not have to carry heavy loads and walk they would just carry a tab and walk so i would like you to stop cutting trees i 9 year old have a great faith in you that you will just at least read it
1 0 Sir, "Give it up"! It need not have to be pinpointed as to what you give up! The movement can start from as small as a gas subsidy to the President giving up his huge cavalry! In one of your runups to the LS elections you mentioned that placing the Budget papers in the Parliament was shifted from 5PM to 11AM only during Mr. Vajpayee's Govt as it was quite silly to follow the timings of the British Govt in an Independant India! Sir, India's Prez is neither from the BritishRaj nor a Maharaj!#GIU
1 0 sir you have discussed related all the topics but I student of class 3 wants you to discuss on education importance of education one thing i would like to suggest you that (don't take it as a taunt )America being the worlds richest country use the old books for students like it takes the book from previous class student and distribute it in new students but in our country lakhs of trees are cut and a new books are published each year so instead we should do slight change in old books and use it
0 0 speech for independace day
0 0 pls arrange the speech broadcasting in all language related to their state.
1 0 sir if you want to create your government image in everyone mind you should include all problem related to former and village prob. because 70 percent related to village.
0 0 sir pls include the recent main problem like, 1. former suicide problem 2. inflation problem related to middle class family 3. unemployment problem related to youth 4. women safety related to women 5. primary education in village 6. living standard in village.
1 0 Dear #PM sir, I have some suggestion for your #15thAugust speech: *Please Introduce the self protection classes for girls like karatte, judo etc. , because police cannot protect girls or women's everytime and everywhere. *It's important that the government takes a strong stand to maintain integrity of net neutrality.Cannot have internet based apps licensed or regulated,This defeats the purpose of the internet. *New Colleges and Courses should be introduced in various universities.#MyGov
1 0 Respected PM Happy independence day. Sir. I am from kerala,also NRI return . Sir we people work overseas a long period after they came back to our mother land.About 80% of the people working overseas get a small money. They make this small money there and sent this money to our country.That small money also helping our country's economy.so Your govt need to start a loan scheme for NRI returners to start small scale industry,agriculture,animal husbantary.That hellpful for them
0 0 Respected Sir, Kindly share ideas and views about providing Good Health/Medicine/Hospital services to our people. Pharma companies are killing the people by doing all unhealthy practices to bring their targets upto the mark by canvassing doctors and medical shops. Even if, the low cost medicine is available doctors will prescribe the most costly medicine available in the market just to satisfy the Pharma giant. Better hospital services needed for a healthy nation.
1 0 Sir, We are living in the age of e-mail and mobile phone, but still in India our Govt. Departments use tonnes of paper for correspondence which is quite avoidable. The office order can be sent from official mail ids instead of sending huge number of paper prints.Similarly huge expenditure can be prevented ( on official tours by officers) by arranging video conferencing and phone calling. Kindly see the matter.
0 0 Mr. Prime Minister Modi Ji I Send You One Request You Say something About Grain Damage in Our Country. FCI(Govt. Of INDAI) fully responsible for grain damage In year 2010-2011 6346 Tonnes. It will rose to 18847.22 Tonnes in year 2014-15. While 3338 tonnes were in 2011-12 and 3148 tonnes in 2012-13 and in year 2013-14 it was 24695 tonnes we dameg at FCI Godown and Some at  Mandi Ground. This means our country damage 56000 tonnes grains include Rice, Wheats and pulses. Reason For Food Inflation
1 0 Mr. Prime Minister Modi Ji I Send You One Request You Say something About Grain Damage in Our Country. FCI(Govt. Of INDAI) fully responsible for grain damage In year 2010-2011 6346 Tonnes. It will rose to 18847.22 Tonnes in year 2014-15. While 3338 tonnes were in 2011-12 and 3148 tonnes in 2012-13 and in year 2013-14 it was 24695 tonnes we dameg at FCI Godown and Some at  Mandi Ground. This means our country damage 56000 tonnes grains include Rice, Wheats and pulses. Reason for Food inflation
1 0 #IndependenceDay  kindly stress on wastage of food and water, People should stop wasting food and water. these are small things but will have a greater impact on the country's economy.
0 0 I like to hear from our pm about 1. How can we make our children more responsible towards our society. If they plant trees in environment days or in their birthday ? 2. Every school should invite respected persons in various fields to addressed our future generation.
0 0 Respected sir, I hereby propose a revolutionary suggestion to make our beloved motherland  an alcohol-free country and thereby saving millions of families from poverty and misery. As Mahatma Gandhiji wished in his dreams,the first step towards total prohibition is to control the availability of alcohol. I suggest the sale of alcohol in the country controlled through the Ration cards like the subsidy items. I also suggest to deny sale of alcohol to BPL cards to save the poor families.Regards.
0 0 #IndependenceDay,Dear Pm,Indian citizens are enjoying an unimaginable freedom which cannot be compared to some of the countries. Indian citizens here are like Free birds. The sad part noticed is this freedom is being misused. Small changes in habitual action such as to stop spitting and littering in public places can add still more beauty to india's freedom rather than misusing them. Also people should stop damaging public properties and follow traffic safety rules. I urge you to stress.
0 0 Respected Sir, Salute to you Sir in enabling the citizens to interact with the Prime Minister of this great nation. My suggestion is that the caste based reservation that is in place in the country should continue; HOWEVER, THE RESERVATION FOR A CITIZEN HAS TO BE ONLY ONCE IN A LIFE TIME; EITHER FOR GETTING ADMISSION TO AN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION OR FOR A JOB OR FOR GETTING PROMOTION IN A JOB.With best regards.
0 0 Sir; Kindly declare “Bal Surakshya” (protection to school going children) for kids “the future of our country”. Strict action may be taken against school teachers/authorities (especially in private English Medium Schools) who are harassing kids mentally/physically and emotionally on the name of performance.Some Private English Medium Schools do this to achieve excellent result and thus commercialising education. This destroys creativity, innovation in thinking and natural mental growth.
0 0 Sir happy  Independence day Sir in our india many people are unknown about social media and online gov. Websites .im request to you lounch scheme 'onlind india that in in schools give  teach in aweek one hour about socia media and what what work can be done online work  and they gain knowlged this can devolop their mind this can become part of dovelopment Idea no. 2 built a website that e complaints in that people will rejister complaints of any leader or curruption. and for this in evry
1 0 Sir, We have the INDIA Gate which honors the Indian soldiers martyred in WORLD WAR-1 but none for INDIAN NATIONAL ARMY(AZAD HIND FAUZ), which was instrumental for our INDEPENDENCE. Unfortunately they were prosecuted in India(RED FORT TRIALS) not honored.About 35000 soldiers of 60000 strong force were martyred but we don't honor their memory.They were not even inducted back in Indian Army. Sir, its time to give them their due. Its time to honor the real heroes of INDIA who gave us independence.
0 0 1. A national museum exhibiting the whole legacy of Indian Freedom struggle 2. Clarify the ambiguity in Aadhar card as a requicite 3. Make all poverty alleviation scheme under an umbrella and  an effective system within limited period 4. More focus on practical education 5. Skill development must start from school level 6. Make m-governance effective than going for e-governance 7. Union blood portal& organ transplant portal 8. Right to food as a fundamental right 9. Rainbow revolution
0 0 India got freedom from British. but children's are not get freedom for  select her/his academic departments from parents.
1 0 Hello Sir,Please Introduce the self protection classes for girls like karatte because always police not protecting the girl if they are learn the karatte may be some thing maybe changed now no schools introduced but in other countries has mandatory to learn to self protecting courses.Please introduce in our schools also MANDATLEY LEARNING OF SELF PROTECTING FOR GIRLS.
0 0 Narendra Modiji, A slong as the Composition of Rajyasabha is like this with a lot of stomch and heart burning will be creating troubles.and will not allow Rajyasabha function.So to pass GST Bill some other Route should be explored.
1 0 Respected Sir, It is a kind request to announce a "Comprehensive One Rank One Pension Scheme" for our brave Ex-Servicemen by removing all procedural obstacles as this is very much required to boost the morale of armed forces and create a strong desire amongst the youth to join it. The issue is not only of money but mainly connected to the prestige and pride of this important job. I am sure that you can easily push through the scheme and get it announced in the very early part of your speech.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Please consider attached points in your Independence day speech. Thanks, Sarang Welde
0 0 Respected sir It's a common trend that after getting wonderful education in our country many of young people are eager to work for foreign countries.If we can make them work for upliftment of our india it Will be great step.
0 0 INTRODUCE ice card(incase of emergency card )all over india www.savelifefoundation.org
2 0 Sir, #make_in_India has made a powerful move by the #ceo_made_in_India. The Indian made trio's #satyam_sivam_sundaram control the world now. The time where others ruled India might be the past. But now, it's the time for Indians to rule the world. So we'll ask the young Indians to grow as an Indian. Not an Indian living in the past. But an Indian who live in the present. One who is capable of leading the world. We'll wait for #world_made_in_India
0 0 After the unproductive monsoon session due to complete breakdown of discipline with an intent of non-national issue by the Congress but purely prejudicial, a passionate message from you on the subject will send out a clear message that you and your government mean business in the interest of the 125 crores Indians that includes all sections of the population.
2 0 Respected sir Our government is providing subsidised food for the members of parliament.But instead of doing this we should cut this subsidy so that we can use this money for the people who are starving for a day's food.
0 0 Looking at the way  the   PARLIAMENT  is being  RUN,  it is  NOT  BIMARI  Bihar,   but it  will  be BIMARI  BHARATH.  so,please  say  something on  AUGUST 15.
0 0 Respected Sir, Your appeal and movement of "Give It Up" LPG subsidy is a great success and everyone praise this. Now I want to seek your concern towards "FOOD SUBSIDY" that is PDS system. I want you to make an appeal on 15th August on this. I have attached a PDF file with this and rest of the matter is in that PDF file.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Swaacha Bharat Mission is a great initiative by the Government for All-India cleanliness. I have a small suggestion to make- Please make strict laws for cleanliness in our country.
0 0 Add your point of view about agriculture. If possible try to wear our national symbol dhoti during flag hoisting sir.
2 0 SIR,Farmers play the important role in our country. He works hard in his fields whole the day without caring of summer, winter, rain etc. His life is full of difficulties and problems. It is said ‘He is born in debt, lives in debt and dies in debt.’ His crops are on the mercy of rain. Sometimes flood and sometimes drought destroy all his hard work.For the overall development of our nation the economic development of farmers and agriculture is very much needed.
1 0 Respected Prime minister Narendra Modi ji . I am a student of B.Sc. My suggestion is in all over India only one education system .It means one education board for all students. Kindly think about it.
0 1 Namasthe Modi ji ... Am from Kerala,i have a small request.if it is possible please send some of the health dept team to kerala's Medical colleges.in our region the low class families are depended on medical college or public health center, to cure the diseases.let the officials of the central health team to study and report the situations here in our medical colleges.
0 0 PM sir se kahna ki aaj ka yug IT aur VIGYAN ka hai lekin aam aadmi ki pahuch se thodI si duri mahsoos hoti hai is doori ko kaise tay kiya jay taki AAM Aadmi ki pahuch ban paye
1 0 If everything is ready announce #OROP from Lal Quila (Red Fort).. It will  be great tribute to our freedom fighters and our Armed forces as well .. Every Jawan is waiting eagerly for this and hence the whole country. Jai Hind!!! #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 respected prime minister sir  today moral and ethical values of people are degrading day by day india is land where personalities like SWAMIVIVEKANANDA have born and lord RAMA  ruled  sir  in the speech please mention few words about them(swami vivekanda,RAMA) so that many young people may know our country's greatness and get inspired  young people may change their bad attitudes towards women,poor,black money and inequalities,can be changed by developing moral values sir you stress on them sir.
0 0 It is very radiculas that the employee work over time in ordnance factory beyond 8hours daily working time and govt. have to expend huze amount of money but there is no work load. There tern over they can achieved easily without over time working.
0 0 Dear sir This is about my grand mother.She is 83 years old.Due to her son great-nephew-in-law.She can't live peacefully in her home after she gave all her dowry to him. Now she is with us.I here to concluded about insecurity of women especially aged women in India.
0 0 Hi sir I have small thought, If it is useful consider.From My child hood I am seeing daily ACB caught the VRO officer,revenue,Police,Forest officer in news.They are getting suspended BUT and the next day one more officer caught.NO CHANGE in their(officers)minds.I am not think it's going to change in future My small suggestion is.We have to create fear in their minds.like If we display their photos of OFFICER @Respective work place and in everyday in TV for today GUSTS.We can reduce curruption
0 0 Do you know under Sri. Rahul Gandhi influence lot of Government Standing counsel has been appointed in various High Courts and Tribunal. No one check their caliber as Advocate. In daily life I am finding these type of Advocates whose are unable to write even a para of WRIT. They are requesting that some one CREATE their WRIT PETITION so it can be submitted in Court and they can claim their Bills from Government Department.
0 0 Dear sir, I am from maharashtra.I want to tell you that many schools in maharashtra have a rule that if any student fails in english subject he would sit in the same class.It wastes 1 year of the student.And increasing pollution.Cutting of trees is a major problem of pollution and smoke from vehicles.The cutting of trees for making books should be banned .Instead of that the schools should provide a tablet for better studies like in the Delhi public school.
0 0 In MP, where Byayam Case is going on. In this scenario, when Government approved some fund to some Organization, Up to 60% ( In Bihar 80%) fund is distributed between Government Officers,  their staff, fund retainer (Cheque signing authority who issue cheque to Contractor who completed the defined project). Medical College, Health Department, PWD, Irrigation, Various Education Centers, Naga Maha Palika etc are come under these  sector. Some time even minister and MP, MLA also come.
0 0 In today scenario Government can use Public Referendum Policy to pass main Bill if there is some Dirty fish whose are bend upon to destroy public fund. Government should prepare policy to use Public Referendum to pass Government Bills.
0 0 Dear Modiji, After seeing our President Kalamji's (the most honorable exit from the physical world I have ever seen), wish that no holiday be declared on his death, at this juncture it might be very appropriate to call upon all honorble living dignitaries to give a similar clarion call. Perhaps this one will save us a number of working days in the times to come
0 0 Our Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha has destroyed whole of the Mansoon Session due to some dirty fish of Parliament. They had live like king, now they are unable to digest these thoughts that some other people will complete there selected target. In there regime there minister digested Lakhs of crore of Public fund. They indicated case against them, corrupt ministers goes behind the bar. After completing some legal formality they come out of Jail and again seated on Minister post. In today scenario Go
1 0 Respected sir, My concerns are related to strict laws and no for caste reservations. Please bring equal nagari haq law as soon as possible. You are the my Ideal model.
0 0 Sir please speak on "independence of bureaucracy",independence of honest officers to work independently for benefit of society and country.And on Afforestation. Sir please I will eagerly wait to see you speaking on my points too. Sir pleaseeee its a kind request sir pleaseeee
0 0 Respected Sir, I coming from small village from Rajasthan,I found here our education slandered not rising in Govt. School & students of this schools not found proper education here. I am also worried that Adrash Gram Yojana which launched in previous independent day is not taken seriously ruling parties MP & MLA. After Clean India mission I found lots changes in my surrounds. Jai Hind
0 0 sir, one more request. Please ask politicians to mandatorily contribute atleast 10% of their total earnings (including salary & other allowances) in regular intervals to the welfare of public like good transport facility, good roads,fly overs etc.(all are basic requirments)thereby reduce the burden on public. It will help to build a great India.
0 0 sir ji ..... me chota vyapri hu is desh me lakho ase log hai jo production line me jana chahate hai par unhe sahi cunsalt nahe milata , agar is prakar ki cunsalting jila ister par mile to lakho karod ka investment aap ko indiya me he mil jayaga nahe bade invester ki jarurat hogi na nri ki . bas ham jeso ko sahe jankari mile desh kaha se kaha pahusc jayaga ....... mere gyaranti hai....... me 2 sal se pareshan hu par sahe help nahe mil pa rahe.....
1 0 Dear Sir, We shouldn't have to celebrate our "INDEPENDENCE DAY". It shows that, we were once been ruled by others as we were the suppressed, vanquish, concrete or subdued people at that time. when we celebrate this day, the countries that conquered us once will be proud themselves by thinking, how much power they had at that time to conquer a vast and broad HINDUSTAN by using there ideas and outlook. Don't make them feel like this.
2 0 Dear sir,I am from Kerala. I would like to tell one thing that we don't have a good road to travel even though we are paying road tax. why don't you enact a law which will held responsible the particular ministry,who is paid for doing his duty in a responsible way. They are telling that they don't have money for road repair but if PM or President comes, then they will make the road just like heaven. so sincerely I request central leaders to visit kerala regularly.
3 0 SAVE TREES:It's good we are moving to e-Governance,e-Kranti which reduces the paper use and save trees.But now a day thousands of trees are cut down to widen the roads.Bangalore (once famous Garden City), on an average loses 10,000 trees each year.The reasons are Infrastructure projects like road widening, flyovers, Metro rail, etc.If the same continued then Garden city should be renamed to Concrete city.Please do Abhiyan for saving forests as u did for cleaning India so that we can save nature.
0 0 Honourable PM sir,i request you to speak on how to improve the police system of india.country development is directly related with police system.to improve the life of poor we have to get faith of people in our police.1)form a independent constitutional body for the appointment,promotion and posting of police officers.2)include civil society members,educated pesond senior citizens in the investigation and valuation of police officers.3)make police accountable for the crimes happend in their are
1 0 Respected Modi Ji, My Idea on "LPG Give up" Subsidy Scheme. Kindly Revised this scheme to give up for minimum 1 year. bcz many people are not like to surrender our subsidy for Life Time. If option available for per year, many people adopt this scheme. Its like Installment.... more details in this letter. Thank's (Kirti Maheshwari) Indore 09424591432. Jai Hind..
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I voted for you and no matter what you do, I would still vote for you but you would always be better option than Gandhi family. 1. My questions - Why didn't we call Joint parliament session even congress in not allowing important bills like GST and landline to pass in Rajya Sabha. 2. Rafale deal is in trouble again. Why can't we settle that in even 4 months ? Then what is quick decision making if we still cannot pass through Red tape. Nothing could be more important
0 0 Respected Prime minister, Unemployment is one of the major issues that our country face for decades.Minister of labour should pay more attention and care about jobless.My humble suggestion is that Government of India must introduce labour card to all citizens doing all kinds of job whatever it may be including farmers,industrialist,professional,government/quasi government employees and even to politicians.The labour card shall be linked with Adhar.By doing so government subsidy can be minimized
0 0 My suggestion for Independence day Speech is to declare MAAF-i award: AIM: A recognition gives motivation and appreciation gives a boost. The aim of the award is to value the individuals who have honestly and innovatively contributed to the India Growth story. Abbreviation of MAAF-i is My Agenda for Achievement For India. MAAF-i award should be similar to Guiness Book/Limca Book of records and should be linked for the "Individuals' contribution in India's Development.
1 0 The work force in the IT sector in India is affected with the interstate life time road tax. Its high time we abolish it. We IT people travel between states to as part of our job assignments. We were forced to pay life time road tax for our vehicles in whichever state we move to. This is actually resulting in double or triple taxation, that too life time. Please look in to it: http://www.change.org/p/union-transport-minister-drive-without-borders-o...
0 0 Dear Sir, Please improve a government servant the people do any work they demanding a money and work not get in time .
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - XXIV (TWENTY FOUR) Dedicated, spirited individuals from diverse socio-religious backgrounds sacrificed their lives for the cause of Indian independence. We are Indians first - salute the supreme sacrifices of Mahatama Gandhi, Sardar Patel, Shaheed Bhagat Singh, Maulana Abul Kalam Azad. Government is truly committed to the vision of the our freedom fighters 'Poorest of the poor' has to be serviced. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Dear sir, Indian population is increasing and crossed 120 Cr, Garbage problem can be solved by sorting in 5 catagory Green , Metal , Glass, Paper, and plastic.Start crushing centers urgently and recycle on the spot.One Man 10 trees for pollution control.Strict action against anti nationals.Too many newsTV chanels. In all Govt , Society roads Solar /Hybrid lamps - thanks and Best wishes on Independence Day- Kishor Shende
0 0 RESPCTED P.M.JI,NAMASKAR,THANKS TO GIVING CHANCES TO GIVE VIEW ON 15TH AUG.SPEECHE.PLEASE GIVE MORE IMPORTANCE TO RURAL HEALTH,MANDI SYSTAM FOR FARMER,BETTER EDUCATION POLICY.& EMPLOYMENT PROG. FOR YOUTH. THANK YOU SIR.
1 0 Respected Sir, Thank you for giving an opportunity  to share my view. Sir, in my opinion for the development of our  country, our government officers (central &state) should present in their corresponding offices at the office  beginning time itself & should ensure that they are present untill the office  close
1 0 Dear #PM sir, I have some suggestion for your #15thAugust speech: 1. Implementing TWO CHILD PER FAMILY POLICY to control fastest growing population of World. 2. Installing PERMANENT DUSTBINS AT EVERY 20 METER in cities to make success for #SwachBharatAbhiyan. Here "Permanent" refers-- not like to fix only when any leader visits and install them on the way they visited only. 3. Encourage & aware RURAL PEOPLE/FARMER TO UTILISE RESOURCES by increasing Small Industry. - hopeful AKSHANSH DHAMA
1 0 SIR PLEASE ANNOUNCE FOR IMPLEMENTATION FOR ONE RANK ONE PENSION YOJNA. THANKS KISHORE GANDHI.
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, IN INDIPENDENCE DAY PLEASE SPEEKE ABOUT AVOID THABAKOO,PAN,CIGARTE,GUDKA BECAUSE FOR INDIA A HEALTY GANARATION NEED FOR THAT EDUCATION SISTAM WE WANT CHANGE SCHOOL BASED DRUG TABOCO PREVENTEION NEED>AND ANOTHER TOTAL EDUCATIAN SISTEM NEED A MAJER CHANGE IN SCHOOL BASED JOB TRAINING ALSO NEED BECAUSE IN INDIA MANY MOR PERSAN DONT HAVE JOB BUT SCHOOL ITSELF JOB TRAINING GIVE AND IDIENTYFY THE STUDENT INTRSTE SO THAT THAT STUDENT CAN GO FOR THAT PARTICULAR FIELD
0 0 Drug's Our new generation.Our country's next leading people.they have behind of drug's,alcohol,tobacco.take control
0 0 Respected PM sir,please improve the police system of india.untill and unless people will have trust on the police and police will start working transparently, law and order system of india will not improve.law and order is the main reason of poor development of the country.if criminals will have fear from police and and people have faith in police every thing will improve automatically,whether it is corruption or rape or economical development all are related to bad police system.
0 0 Dear Sir, There has been a lot of talk on what Govt does for us. Can this year be about what duties we owe our country.? Can you please call upon the youth especially the educated youth to take up evangelizing govt schemes....we can call them Citizen Ambassadors Can we listen to you about creation of Cooperatives which do away with middlemen which run on Govt sponsored IT backbones and which connect farmers with consumers?
0 0 I tell you a few openions of mine those are as following whatever happens don't fear and go ahead with selfconfidence.  Whatever others they comment about your govt never care those comments even 7 births by Urs well wisher Rajshekar R Bolewad from Gulbarga now Kalaburagi District State Karnataka.
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir, from Mother Earth we get the potable water and which is safely preserved as long as it’s under the ground. Still in millions of houses in our country, this nature’s precious gift can be seen going as waste, while pumping from bores. I wish my Prime Minister to touch the issue of saving ground water during the Independence Day speech. If the issue is made a national issue, certainly we can change the water scenario in less than a decade. Regards A D Joshi
0 0 the practice of cheating in exams and getting degrees by fraud is increasing day by day, in order to curb such practices a voluntarily program can be initiated where eminent person (civil servant, doctor, engineer, professor etc) should be encouraged to interact with the students of his/her village about the need of hard work and honesty in studies or every field of life. in order to inspire the young minds we need more and more local heroes.
1 0 Younger generation is not inclined to take up farming. In order to encourage them into farming farm income must increase consistent with other options available.Unfortunately technology related decisions are taken on ideological grounds not for their scientific merits. Let farm policies be framed on the underlying scientific facts.As we lack storage facilities, we are unable to hold stocks till we get the nest price.We need good storage & marketing facilities. We need robust AgriInsurance policy
0 0 For future of Green India can we pledge on 15th August tat every one in PMO,MP,MLA, person who is working in parliament & in govt offices can plant a tree & pledge to take care of that plant till next election or retirement let govt & his employees set an example not big corporates. Link the growth of plant with the person individual career & financial growth.Why not tax reduction for planting trees/plant. We need to secure environment than only we can enjoy freedom. Jai Hind
0 0 Sir, Why can't the government work in 2-3 shifts, it would give employment opportunities and faster growth. The judicial system should also work in shifts so that the pending cases can be completed faster
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR,I feel honour to share my views for your 15th aug. speech. poverty can be eradicated only if u children of poors will get a good education and health services.as they cant afford private schools and and hospitals so please IMPROVE THE standard of GOVT. SCHOOLS AND HOSPITALS.as these are under state govt. and state govt. are corrupt,so start govt. schools and hospitals funded by central govt. in each district. coumtry will develope only when its people will be educated.
0 0 Though our farm yield has increased whether it is food crop or fiber,our farmers are not happy. Income from farming isn't adequate.Many fall in debt trap & take extreme step of ending lives.Agriculture Ministry is concerned only about food production not farmers welfare.Restructure this ministry as Agriculture&Farmers Welfare Ministry.Ravichandran,President UFEI
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - XXIII (TWENTY THREE) 1. Government utilising technology to improve transparency - thus leading to good governance and zero corruption at GOI. Complete transparency (E-Auctions) in allocation of all business 2. The Food Safety and Standards (amendment) Bill will curb food adulteration, thereby giving better food quality to its citizens. Other bills, in public interest, namely GST, ..will also be passed soon. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Respected Narendraji You are an astute person.This suggestion may sound "chote muh badi baat". Yet as I love you, I will take risk of writing. Raja Prithvi Raj Chauhan was a great warrior but also kind to his enemies.Mohammed Ghazni attacked him 11 times. Raja won each time and pardoned him. On the 12th occasion, Raja lost. Ghazni promptly blinded him. Congress is modern Ghazni. Hit them hard. Be like Shivaji. Income tax returns,businesses,investments are few areas to attack.Regards
0 0 Sir, Please, Restructure the bureaucracy, Format the existing system and install new software and replace old outdated hardware in administrative system of GOI else your all hard works will be in vain.Declare Indian Engineering Service and Combined Medical service All India Service, even create All India Education Service to meet the demand of faculty of education sector.
0 0 Now they have introduced Freebies to top ex  and present seniors, unlimited Free tickets to their  ALL family members? It is outrageous when Air India has been incurring loses for years. Public funds are being looted by top Directors who are no less than criminals looting this country and let go free by UPA leaders.How shameless  these Directors can be? They changed the rule to include all family members for unlimited FREE Air tickets1 to their retired ex and present employees, their spouses, so
1 0 Dear SIR, India is far behind or just being a developing country due to this corruption. Hence, we loose our ethics and integrity. But i don't think it can be ever stopped, even developed countries are corrupted. So, my suggestion is you can ask the PEOPLE of INDIA for at-least 1 year in every field not to be corrupted and hence, tell them to FEEL the change in THEMSELVES & OUR INDIA (JUST 1 YEAR).
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, I feel that inculcating the national character among all citizens of our country, is the need of hour and it can be rooted from childhood from the school-days by my dedicated teachers. I still remember well them by names. Present days private schools have become a business centres for earning huge money in various forms with exploiting the parents of boys & girls with dismal contribution towards patriotism.Honesty & courage is the biggest human property which taught in schools
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I have following suggestions : 1. Consideration of making kennels or enclosures for stray dogs at Panchayat levels and feeding them which should be taken care of by govt. and local bodies. 2. Institute Agricultural and forestry and horticulture awards in line with film awards.   3. The trainfrom Karnataka to Kannur should be extended up to Guruvayur or a new express train started which can be named Pilgrim special.
0 0 Happy to know about this thought provoking action. I would request you to include the "Importance of pursuing Higher Education in India", as many of the Young folks flying away for Foreign countries for higher studies. And also widen the opportunities to Learn Better in our IITs, IIMs, etc.,
0 0 Corruption today can be called a malaise attached to the largest democracy of the world i.e. India. From getting your birth certificate to your driving license to getting a loan passed to build your home, nothing goes without giving a bribe. The numbers of scams appearing one after another, plus the amounts of money roped in, acts like a slap on the face of an honest civilian who is working hard day and night to feed his family. In a developing nation like ours, the development will soon cease i
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I feel very proud to see that you we are living in the country where the government ask their citizen about Do and Don't Do.I want that you should talk on Late. Dr. Kalam and let people know his dream and what he wanted from India, specially from youths. Sir I want your attention towards reservation system of the country. Do you really think its functionality is right. I think it shouldn't be on cast basis it should be on financial condition of a person. And
0 0 Respected Sir, Generally we the civilians are unaware rather insensitive about the difficulties involved in the Military life. For graduation, we have to choose any one course among NCC, NSS or ordinary Physical Training. But this compulsion was not there for those students who externally pursue graduation. I would like to suggest that these NCC/NSS should be separated and must be made mandatory to every person before that person attains the age of 25 years, as a part of National Policy.
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, My regards as a citizen of India for your strong will to make India better than before. Its my honor to be part of that and thanks for giving such an opportunity to share my ideas. Respected Sir, I want to propose an idea which is very much align to your swach bharat mission. Sir, My idea is to implement a "clean school project".This should not be a self initiative but a strict rule to include one academic subject towards cleanliness and planting trees. Thanks, Hari
0 0 Dear Sir, we draw your attention to urgent issues concerning our bhashas.  1. Destruction of a language is destruction of life,  of a whole civilization. 2. Bhashas are indispensable in the exercise of democracy &  for effective governance. 3.   As sources of indigenous knowledges they empower our citizens. 4. Their use in modern economy is essential for equality of opportunity. 5. Skill development in Bhashas is essential for Make in India. 6. Digital India should therefore integrate bhashas.
1 0 Integrity and fixing corruption. I believe corruption happens because we are losing our ethics and integrity. Thats the biggest loss for our culture.
0 0 Respected Sir, Everyday we see many people begging for food and also see such people, establishments which have to throw away the unutilised food. Can there be Food Bank just like we have Blood Bank or Milk Bank?
0 0 Respected Prime Minister ,REGARDS. Please make some very strong policies for making  the education system free of corruption.Admission in Medical colleges,engineering,IIMs should not be a matter of a few privileged people.Please include in your speech your plan for common men's children's higher education in reputed institutions.Getting admission to such institutions  should be accessible to everyone irrespective of class,high /low merit,poor,rich.Please make it accessible to everyone.
0 0 From boom to doom: An uphill task to revive the economy It will take three years for economic growth to pick up 'US economy needs to improve for India to turn around' Reviving the economy: What the next government should do 'Policy paralysis in India will continue' 4 ways the new PM can revive the economy 'To revive the economy India must focus on agriculture'
1 0 dear sir please stop contract base employment in private and government sector it is bag game for youth and dark side for their future thanx
0 0 Before the Hon Prime  Minister Shri Modiji Sir, With due respect I would like to make a request. kindly take action for directing all the educational institutions to take national PLEDGE  and sing national anthem everyday in the school assembly.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - XXII (TWENTY TWO) 1. India founder member of BRICS Bank, also now a member of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO). 2. World acknowledges the rich Indian Human Resource Capital - CEOs of world's top companies are of Indian origin, including the BRICS Bank. 3. Indian Railways - the lifeline of the Nation - best ever operational performance, committed to improving the lives of millions of Indians Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Dear PM ji, this nation is the cradle of human civilization, of inner growth, the birth place of revolutionaries of mankind showing the path to Self/God-realization. where are we heading to? this stems from the current system of education. My earnest request to bring in a robust education system in place, to radically change the current one, so that this nation's kids grow up as self-believing and true human beings, in pursuit of the real purpose of existence.My only hope lies in revival of edu.
0 0 THERE WAS A FREEDOM OF A THOUGHT FROM WRONG POSSESION,NOT FOR ONLY BODIES OF FLESH. SO THERE IS A FIRST AND PRIMARY REQUIREMENT AND NEED OF TIME AND THE BROTHERS OF INDIA TO DEVELOP,ENHANCE AND FREE OUR THOUGHT FROM THE USELESS BELIEVES, PREJUDICES AND STEREOTYPES. BECAUSE WE ARE FREE NOW THEN WHY WE ARE FORGETTING THE HUMANITY, ITS THE FIRST AND GREAT IDEOLOGY OF THE WORLD. SO BE A PART TO THE COUNTRY DEVELOPMENT AND ENHANCEMENT. "BE THE CHANGE TO SEE THE CHANGE"
0 0 Sir,can we take drive to work for only IRRIGATION(Major & Minor) & ROADs continuously for coming four years  eliminating all other miscellaneous rural development schemes to see a visible growth and development in Indian economy.This step may help the present govt, gaining more popularity and stability.
0 0 Dear PM, My topic for you is the empowerment of women and making up the mind of young Indians to protect Indian girls like father or brother. Thank you.
0 0 samay samay per govt employee ke liye govt pay commision ke dvara sallary badhati hai. kya kisano ko bhi usi anupat me uski fasal ka mulya prapt ho raha hai jaise ki kisi ki sallary pahale 10000 rs thi us samay wheat rate 1000 rs th for example then ab employee ki sallary 35000 thousend hone ke bad kya kisan ke wheat ki price bhi tin guna badhae gae hai govt ke dvara jaise 1000*3=3000 per 100kg. isake sath hi kisan ke tractore charge, labour cost, seed cost, fertilizer cost adi bhi bade hai
0 0 Respected Sir, I hope you would also agree to the fact the members of Honourable Parliament have wasted the valuable public time and money. I would like to ask one question why this money should not be recovered from their remuneration? Can there be an Accountability Bill for the MPs?
0 0 VERY VERY URGENT - I don't how the msgs are screened but I request you to consider this for today: SIR PLEASE ASK PARLIAMENT HEAD TO CREATE A DIFFERENT DEPARTMENT TO SOLVE THE CONCERNS OR ALLEGATIONS MADE BY ANY PARTY ON ANY INDIVIDUAL SO THAT IT DOESN'T HAMPER THE REASON PARLIAMENT STANDS FOR & PEOPLE ARE PAID FOR - ITS A FORUM TO DISCUSS THE COUNTRY GROWTH AND NOT INDIVIDUALS. This has nothing to do with the Independence day but we need Independence to the parliament from these kind of issues.
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR,please speak on the ENVIRONMENT..Please ask people to save environment and natural resources.environment degradation is very fast and existance of hguman being is at stake,so ask people how they can save natural resources by changing their life style.people should avoid private cars or vechiles,use public transport,plant tree on birthday and on national holidays,use bathroom water for toilet,rain water harvesting,early sleep, dont use fans in AC room,use bicycle for small distan
0 0 #PM Grand respected sir, Sir i have a heartly and painful request to u. That we(125 crore people) got 260 crore approx loss of money. we are feel so sady moment. I have a thought that if member of parliament only bjp candidate donate to bharat for some part of his salary then we covered above loss and increase over my party's(bjp) rapo. Thanks to you! Please sir think about it...
0 0 Sir we should talk about importance of constitution, 70%people don't know about constitutional rights,acts, , this leads to anarchy, like protest of people on SC judgment, riot, tension in society, so every person should atleast read constitution once,, We should make awareness about IMPORTANCE OF CONSTITUTION And about rights like freedom of speech, freedom of expression,,,,, that's the need of society
0 0 sir,i think your topic for speech should be india-hand to hand because make in india can only possible if every single citizen of our country undrstnd its value every citizen who is educated should help others to undrstand exactly what is make in india because if we go in villages there are many small workers whoes work is not less than a famous artist so what is required to do is to encourage that talent so if any one who know this type of talent post that info in site like mygov.in ..
0 0 railways me ticket checking ki proper vyastha ho ek checker ke uper dusara checker lagaya jaye or yadi bina ticket koe paya jay  to jo charge bane usame second checker ka parcentage fix kiya jaye.
0 0 SIR, AS you have asked us to let go of subsidised lpg gas in your LET GO mission, i request you to do something similar .What I am suggesting is that You ask all our elected MPs MLAs to let go thier subsidised canteen food, and their travel allowances in iday tak. If this is done then ,mark my words, pple will be more willing to let go of their lpg subsidy.Let the elected leaders led in letng go then automatically people will follow. If you remeber the context of SWACCHBHARATH then you realise
0 0 1. Make our Own army weapons 2. Make the procedure for compensation of dead soldiers to their relatives very simple and fast 3. Implement uniform civil code 4. Implement reservation on the basis of financial setup of family 5. Make a cyber wing of NIA for finding out communal and terrorist activites through social media 6. Make new plans for farmers that may lead to another green revolution 7. Increase the salary and bonus of govt employees
0 0 In INDIA the medical facilities available to poors is worst and is not available in right time they are misguided by brokers & medical staffs also ,in this matter our prime minister if considered is my opinion
0 0 WE CAN'T STALL A NATION GROWTH JUST FOR A PARTY CONCERNED ABOUT AN INDIVIDUAL PERSON......Please make necessary changes in the parliament and ask everybody to focus on country's growth and not pulling each other legs. All the people who wants to see India grow will back you for this. Its pathetic to see what congress doing by just concentrating on single issue related to an Individual person where the whole nation (1,284,576,902-1-congress) looking for changes and growth in India.
0 0 The PM should discuss about its foreign security policy, opposition roles in barring important rules & act. Should also think about the "giving up of subsidy" which the common man think that it only applies on them.  Mister PM should also tell his views on improving education system in India.
0 0 We have to improve our primary education system to eradicate all most all problems faced by our nation. Now our system gives least important to primary education up to tenth standard. The government is trying to run away from this responsibility by not providing sufficient funds and infrastructure to our schools in government sector. You may try to strengthen our primary education system. For this first abolish the contract appointment system of school teachers in government sector.
0 0 sir please ask Congress to give proofs to show whatever they are claiming or to KEEP QUITE. Parliament is not running for Lalit Modi or any individual for that matter and it should not be a stage to discuss the same. Talks in Parliament should always concentrate on discussing and taking decisions which can take India forward. Please ask them to go to court, if they have proof for their allegations and if proved, court will take the proceedings.
0 0 Sir, in response to your honour’s call for suggestions for your Independence Day speech. Let me be candid to admit that the goodwill of the Gov. has been hit because of inability to bring back black money stashed from abroad. Should you think it proper and announce in your independence day speech that there are certain obstacles in bring back the black money stashed abroad for now and that your Gov. will take strong steps to unearth black money from within the county and that roadmap for the pur
2 0 I want my PM who is a great leader,a visionary a phenomenol speaker and a great human being to speak on 15th auguest on issues related to PRESERVE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES. environment degradation is very fast and if we continue to consume it as such, existance of human being will be at stake.so please ask people to plant tree on their birthday.tell common man some simple things about how to conserve water and electricity.like use bath water for toilet,use LED bulbs ETC...
0 0 We want real independance from dadagiri ..Bhaigiri........... lawlwssnes..........and Agyan........... not fake independance.
1 0 SAVE WATER BY USING RAIN WATER HARVESTING // WE HAVE ENOUGH WATER AUTOMATICALLY IMPROVE THE AGRICULTURE SECTOR // USE GOOD FOOD DO REGULARLY YOGA // BE A HEALTHY PERSON
0 0 Hi  modi ji....my name is adonis i am from kerala. What india need is socialisation...powerful prime minister like you can do it.in agriculture you can gave farmers salary for there work and pension bonus.they work for you.every individual should work anything.
0 0 As we all know that female foeticide is a crime and social disaster. All the laws should be strictly followed by the every citizens of India. keeping a close watch on the pregnant women for six months. A special committee is to be formed within the federation, where main job would be to keep a watch on pregnant women.Activate advisory, planning supervisory committees to work closely with the district administration and block-level officers of various departments like health, nutrition, police.
0 0 My suggestion is for providing special treatment to Parents, spouse & childrens of Shahid & On duty defense persons at any Govt. as well as private offices by providing special ID cards by defense ministry. By availing the special treatment to their families will not only generate sense of pride in the hearts of Solders and their families but also ignite feeling of respect in common peoples heart as as well (that too on regular basis and not on some special days only). Just imagine Sir.
1 0 I would request you to think about: 1) Stopping any further growth in Capital Cities, as each State is thinking of growing only their capital forgetting the other locations in the state. Of course without disturbing the Heritage places of each States. 2) Remove Caste System in education and Govt Jobs. Every State board and Central board is having the same syllabus and question paper for the exams, then why to discriminate the effort of a student. Let them get the seat based on performamce.
0 0 How about installing travelators (similar to ones in airport) across the town to help commute from one place to another? This self power generating setup can be done at a certain height above ground level either close to the main roads or above the service roads This will help individuals (with less baggage)to reach the destination much faster than any other mode. With the option to walk (instead of stand)on the travelator, the individual can cover large distance within a short period of time.
0 0 Respected Sir You are Taking about DIGITAL INDIA 1.Where are the Energy Efficient Labs in INDIA (Green Labs) 2.Disposing and Recycle Centre for E-Waste in each District. 3.Each and Every Product must have the GREEN MARK followed by the serial number     where to dispose. 4.Green Study Centre to educate the end users.
1 0 Namaskar! PM Sir, Aaj Desh Ko Azad Hue 68 Baras Ho Rahe Hai Fir Bhi Jyadtar Bharatiye "Beghar" Hai...Gareebo Log Jhuggi Jhopdiyo Mein Rehte Hai Aur Middle Class Log Rent Par Rehte Hai. Bharat mein Real Estate Companies ke Pas Lakho Flats Khali Hai Jiska Koi Upyog Nahi Ho Raha Hai... Agr Hamari Sarkar Chahe Toh Iss Muddhe Par Uchit karyawahi Kar Sakti Hai Aur Muje Meri Sarkar Par Pura Bharosa Hai. "Har Bhartiye Ka Sapna Rehne Ke Liye Ghar Ho Apna" Happy Independence Day!Jai Ho!
2 0 Sir, A hard warning to Pakistan is the need of hour. Our legislative institutions are heading towards dysfunctional state. Appointment of a commission for fixation of pay and allowances of people representative. Emphasis on agriculture and improving conditions of farmers. Enhancement of education and defence budget. Kindly mention these points in your budget speech.
2 0 sir,As we are entering into the realm of smart cities, we need to be careful about the Environment too. Development and Environment should go hand in hand. I propose a unique idea of ‘Environmental Ambulance’ to serve the Ecology and Environment. we want to create Love and Respect for our environment amongst our citizens. The ‘Environambulance’ may be called PRAYAAN (A Journey towards better environment). Providing education related to environment and ecology and Creating awareness
2 0 And According to me,its a request to you pls take up the issues of reservation also.At least do something for unreserved student.due to reservation many student feel problem infact they do not get a good job.mai ye nahi kahti ki aap reservation khatm kar de but you should change something.and congress ko muh tor jabab dijiye.. Modi ji aap se bht umid h..
1 0 sir,I suggest you to develop women and children centric gardens around the city and villages Woman is mother,woman is symbol of love and piety still we have neglected her in many ways. she is not safe and very much delimited by self raised restrictions and social obligations. I have thought of providing her some relaxed moments where she can be joyous, contemplative & lighthearted consequentially get herself reinvented, reanimated and relaxed. It is one of our Endeavour to women empowerment.
0 0 Ideas, Opinions, Topics & Thoughts for PM's Independence Day Speech.
2 0 plz. ponder upon the scarcity of drinkable water and fresh water and ever increasing polluting of water bodies.Local water bodies like bawadi's,Vav's,step wells and lakes are in derelict condition  in Rajasthan and all over the country.these are beautiful built structures and will be very much needed in future for fresh water needs and can be tourism friendly.I been cleansing and maintaining these still we all countrymen should take part in cleaning and making fresh water a reality.
0 0 Another sector where the Government should give attention is old age. Even the pensioners are struggling to meet their medical bills as after 55 or 60 when they retires they carry many diseases with them for which medication becomes a necessity. Therefore   free medicines and treatment to old aged people or at subsidised rates. The private hospitals, pharmacies and institutions can contribute part of their huge profits to these. aged > 60 yrs may be given old age pension <=2000.
0 0 Dear Sir, let me start by wishing you a Very Happy Independence Day. 1.Revisit all the schemes and missions that you had started last year and most of which have already stopped working. Rather than starting something new, if you can make the bureaucracy take up these stalled works, India would be a better country to live in. 2. Do show a way for educated youth of the country to participate in nation building activities, like teaching in schools 3. Bring reforms in Bureaucracy, long overdue
0 0 It must be made clear to the youth and citizens that every one couldn't be given Government jobs. They must be encouraged to become job givers as you mentioned in  your speech during the inauguration of Digital India Week. Hence entreprenurship development activities must be given emphasis.
0 0 Sir,Request you to take up issues of poverty and education.In India these two thing are main issues.Sir aap se request hai pls aap apne wade se na mukre.Today every Indian feel proud to be you as a PM aur apko hero mante h aaj ke yuva,aap se gujarish h aap rajniti ke samsayo me jyada uljhe huye nagar aa rhe h aise me aap se desh ki jo nagrik ho khush nhi h..And I think One thing is also important issue i.e reservation.Pls go ahead through this.
2 0 Swatch Bharat Abhiyaan got stopped somewhere. The local bodies should be empowered to fine the individuals or groups who throw the wastes on the pavements and road/waysides.It has to be made the responsibility of every individual to clean and keep their environment clean.The Residents Associations could be empowered for this.Incentives or promotional plans may be made in collaboration with shops and merchants in that area. Individuals should be fined for urinating or excreting on the roadside
0 0 please if you can
0 0 Respected prime minister must speak about the recent parliament washout and inform people  that path breaking legislations were stalled because  opposition undermined peoples mandate and obstructed legislation process. The nation must know that an opposition of 45 odd members cannot hold our parliament to ransom.
1 0 can you celebrate independence day  with me address nashik govind nagar shivram residency
0 0 Dear Respected Prime Minister , I am just giving idea . India can take loan from our Tirupati and Sai Baba Temple . Because our Temple has lots of money.  So , I think we should not take loan from World Bank .
0 0 Sir, our country is facing the main threat is sanitation. even the big cities don't have proper sanitation plant. please make a direction to all stated to concentrate on this and implement proper sanitation plant and waste management.
0 0 Help&support for kitchen garden in all households, so that each individual consumes chemical free vegetables and fruits.Group organic farming may be encouraged by providing subsidies and aids.The education system must include kitchen gardening as practicals.
0 0 respected priminister modi happy independence day
0 0 Dear Sir, I welcome your idea to make digital india, I suggest to add an application ( Smart phone)is helping  to post the corruption details to the central or local agency through online.it will be very helpful to reduce the corruption and bribe. so the public can easily inform the details to the concerned.
0 0 Do something for poor girls education.stop under 18 girls marriages in villages.do something for those students jo india ke top collages mein nahi studies kar sakte unhe bhi job miley unhe koi problem na aaye job ke liye aur jobs bina refrences ke miley jaise pehle milti thi.most important kehne ko girls ko equal rights miley hain boys ki tarha  but aisa nahi hai.aj bhi ladkian akeli ghar se bahar nahi ja sakti.main chahti hun aap es related kuch karo ki girls ko acha future mile with security
0 0 stringent policies, guidelines, law enforcement and monitoring should be formulated and implemented against substance abuse.There is a steep increase in the use of tobacco&alcohol products among small children
0 0 Dear PM,I would like to suggest that the proper measures to collect gold throughout the country should be taken in order to increase the strength of rupee in international market.People of India should be asked to donate as much gold as they can to government so that it's proper storage will be possible.
0 0 RESPECTED PM Modijipl Announce Aggresive  very effective scheme for poor farmers LIKE CROP INSUSARANCE PREMIUN TO BEPAID BY GOVOF India it is very very needing .
0 0 THIS WILL NOT ONLY REDUCE THE CRIME RATES BUT WILL ALSO AID IN THE ECONOMIC DISTRIBUTION AND GROWTH OF OUR COUNTRY.
0 0 Dear respected pm I just below mention my views. now our country facing main problem fuel cost. Now in international market crudeoil very low as per this condition the people wants the low rate of fuel.
1 0 THERE ARE MANY YOUTH IN OUR COUNTRY WHO TAKE TO CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES DUE TO UNEMPLOYMENT. ANY GOVT WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE EMPLOYMENT IN THE SAME PROPORTION AS THE POPULATION GROWS. HENCE AN APPEAL TO ALL THE PARENT TO GIVE BIRTH TO CHILDREN ONLY IF THEY CAN SATISFY THEIR BASIC NEED AND NURTURE THEM IN TO GOOD CITIZENS OF OUR COUNTRY
0 0 Dear Sir, I hope you announced the "one rank, one pension" on the occasion of 15th august at the historical place lalkilla. please......! jay hind.
1 0 Respected sir This independence day I will request ur speech to address for the youth. During 15aug1947if we could all unite for a sole reason for gaining independence.Which shows our unity.If we all stand together in a couple of years our nation is going to become one of superpower nation.I will like u to increase manufacturing sectors in our country. Thanking you
0 0 Sir,due to lack of proper facility and awareness people living in backward areas of villages do not understand any need of sending their children to schools.Some people even force their children to do work and earn money when those children are expected to go to school.The issue of child labour is more common in the children who are orphans.The proper guidance and implementation of certain solid actions are expected from your side as soon as possible.Please think about it.
0 0 Dear Modiji, I would like to give one suggestion regarding the importance of registered residence associations (APEX Council) in India. I think probably their involvement also be very important whenever doing any development in their cities and towns. Those kinds of changes should definitely help your effective agenda implementations in each state of the cities and towns.  Kindly provide more transparency to the registered residence associations about the developments like new roads etc....
0 0 Sir, Request to take up issue of increase in property prices in last 10 years(since around 2004). Its submitted that property prices in country specially metros have increased multifold (mostly in range of 15-50 times the prices of properties in 2004) while avg income per household for corresponding period increased only 2-3 times, thus creating a wide gap in property prices & income of avg middle class indian. request to look into it to bring down property prices linked to avg family income.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I'm writing to you because it seems that now our words can be reviewed by our government. Earlier it was not like that and I really thank you for building such platform where anybody can just share their thoughts. I'm glad to know that your first task is almost complete (equipping the schools with separate toilets for boys and girls). This shows that your government is capable of taking responsibilities and can fulfill them in due time. As a citizen of India, I'd like to hi
0 0 Lets Make corruption Free, Pollution Free, Polio Free, People enabled INDIA.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister I would like to suggest that Elementary  education upto 10th standard should be   made free and compulsory .   Further a topic on morals and values should be added to  the curricular .  By this we are not  only educating  the youths of today  as far as academic    is concerned  but also teaching them right  morals, values , conducts  etc… which  they will abide   at a very young age .  By doing so we  are providing complete education to the children.
0 0 Sir, I think its time that your speech addresses the cancer of the congress party. Also I think you need to elaborate on your achievement from the previous independence day and also your plans for developing till the next one. As a nation, we are seeing growth happen but this is interrupted due to laws and regulations  being stalled in parliament. I hope this is also elaborated. Apart from these I think our neighbors should also be sent a clear message to ensure that they know their limits
0 0 After 10th standard,  short courses of 3-6 months  should be provided based  on childs strength and also family requirements such as on agriculture  , manufacturing , services etc.. . Request you to kindly revert back on the above. Many thanks Best Regards Rakesh Tejura-Partner Beautiful Garments From the desk of : Tejura Chambers, 365-367 V.P.Road, Mumbai 400 004 India Tel # +91-22- 43608750 +91-22- 23898750 Mobile # 9820153215
0 0 Respected Prime Minister I would like to suggest that Elementary  education upto 10th standard should be   made free and compulsory .   Further a topic on morals and values should be added to  the curricular .  By this we are not  only educating  the youths of today  as far as academic    is concerned  but also teaching them right  morals, values , conducts  etc… which  they will abide   at a very young age .  By doing so we  are providing complete education to the children
1 0 Deadly diseases are increasing in the country. One of the major reasons for this is Food Adulteration and excessive use of pesticides. This has to be addressed by strengthening the Food Safety department in the country, at national level and at state level. Food Safety department has to be completely reformed in line with FDA of USA. Simply enacting laws and rules will not help. Existing rules are to be strictly implemented. Food sampling has to be increased many fold, may be 1000 times.
0 0 DEAR PRIME MINISTER, I would like you to speak about the growing population and its impact on the growth of our country. Because the people of our nation must know that it is difficult for any government to create employment opportunity for such a fastest growing population. More over a family must have that many number of  kids where in they will be able to fulfill the basic requirements of food, clothing, shelter, health and education so that this children become an asset to the nation
1 0 You could urge citizens to care about ONE POOR FAMILY. Not financially, but to keep informing about their rights, new schemes , help them take right decisions financially or in their career making.
1 0 The most serious issue of road accidents to be addressed. It may be noted that more than 1,50,000 people are killed in road accidents in the country. Economic loss due to this is more than 5 LAKH CRORES. i.e. more than twice our defense budget !!!
0 0 now a days i feel that our country is being divided according to the communist. if we works all together for country not to be divided according to communist, there is a question raise in mind what can i do for that ? firstly make a leader of all the communist and then organize a meeting and then listen there problem, and then according to there problem we make the solution .
0 0 #PM Parliament Functioning:- I would request to please introduce No work No Pay at the time of parliamentary session are held. As this elected members of Parliament dose not spend their money for travel, stay , food etc at this time. This is our Tax payers money. Now a hardstand should be taken to ensure that if you don't let run the parliament you are not entitlement for any perks and all expenses should be borne by them. "Carrot and Stick Principle" which is applicable in Industries
0 0 #PM Parliament Functioning:- I would request to please introduce No work No Pay at the time of parliamentary session are held. As this elected members of Parliament dose not spend their money for travel, stay , food etc at this time. This is our Tax payers money. Now a hardstand should be taken to ensure that if you don't let run the parliament you are not entitlement for any perks and all expenses should be borne by them. "Carrot and Stick Principle" which is applicable in Industries
2 0 Defense Bank A/c Govt. should open an PAN India account for our forces (Air/Land/Navy). People can donate money in this account which should be tax free. Media should be involved to spread awareness & information of this account. Top 10 donaters should be awarded on 15th Aug. & 26th Jan. in front of citizens of India. Then there will be more than sufficient fund available to process all major & minor requirement of defense. Also People of India (Industrialist, businessman, Donators etc.) proud
2 0 LAND ACQUISITION and GST Bill could be briefed to people that how much it's beneficial and necessary for India. So that outside pressure could be created at parties.
0 0 3.	As you know the govt. is spending a big  amount  in professional courses like Medicine, engineering etc.  Those who are taking the benefits of govt. fund should give this back by service.  So they should compulsory  serve in India for a minimum period of five years, Rural service.
1 0 Health care:  There should be some regulation in the fee structure for doctors, hospital’ labs etc.  Now it is not there in India.  As you know a doctor can take Rs.1000.00  or Rs.50.00  depending on the place of service.  There is a needed MRP or MPR (Max. practice price) here.  This is most important if you think the poor also should get good healthcare facility.
0 0 It's not the people just fear to Donate ORGAN, but they most people don't even know that such thing happens.
1 0 1.	Parliament   :  All the elected representatives are answerable to the public.  Any one disrupting the house should be debarred for 10years.  For salary, attendance  for whole day should be made mandatory.  On the percentage of attendance MPs pay and perks to be decided  because it is our money  and we want to know the productivity of each representative. Before considering an increase in pay to the MPs there should an opinion polls with 	80% participation across India.
0 0 Rape have still not deceased in the capital. You could say something about that including whole India's state.
0 0 India has huge paucity for ORGAN DONATERS. People still fear to donate the organs or even blood. We have huge population. If 10 Lakh people can leave subsidy. Then definitely many can pledge to some organisation to donate BLOOD/ORGANS.
0 0 This year let the country know that we are not divided and will not be,not on the basis of religion,nor on caste.So,in this regard lets pledge that we will not cast votes on the basis of these dividing factors.Lets pledge we will have clean politics and policies not based on appeasing a particular class that will serve as future vote banks but policies that will serve people and build strong foundation for a stronger nation.Let year be the year of celebrating togethernes irrespective of division
0 0 Pls urge ppl for ORGAN DONATIONincluding eye donation and blood donation. They must be promoted at large.
0 0 Sir, The main prblm facing the people is non devopt of Rds. In Kerala even in Highways, the average width is less than 15m.  Due to political influence, land acquisition is impossible. All the Agri/Wet lands are being converted to Dry lands for constr of ms bldgs. I suggest that all the lnds adjacent to rds be acquired and permitted to constr ms bldgs in the rds leaving sufficient space for smooth tpt below the bldgs keeping all safety measures.so we can protect our Agrl, Wet lands, Envrnmt etc.
1 0 Agriculture Census While undertaking  my research on agriculture sector, i faced difficulties of existence of crop yield data at village level, since the agriculture department of  state  not having the data at micro level. At that point of time this idea clicked in my mind that in every village, village panchayat with the help of panchayat secretary can conduct the agriculture census. By this, real time data on agriculture can be available readily. this idea posted at ideas for CM at MP
0 0 dear sir, there should be special programs and packages to support NRIs and their dependants living in India.
0 0 appeal citizens to have 'prem bhav' each other which has solution for many problems which happened in our daily life and tell them that 'gandgi'is a negative thing which spread darkness in our life and stops growth of our children, our family,our nation and world. Because people get ill due to it and and they curse somethiong else or sometime to each other.
0 0 As I pass through many inside areas, I found that many people have no good roads to their home. They can just walk through the path, which is also a good distance from main road. Even though roads are the right for the property, it is only enough for walking. In the present situation and progress of the country, I believe, everybody should get a path where at least a maruti alto can pass through. If government can make it a law, it will beneficial for lakhs of poor people.
1 0 Hi Sir, I have a suggestion about the law. The judicial system, the protectors of law and the leaders should have more punishments than the normal citizens. If it happens, they would be more cautious and alert which will force even the public to protect the laws. A student fighting with another student and a teacher fighting with another teacher and a principal fighting with another principal should be treated in different perspective. Equality doesn’t matter here, though the crime is same.
0 0 Sir, Please take care of our farmers and agriculture. The population is going like anything, however the earth is not growing. What we will do for our next generations for food and water? where is land for agriculture,Acres of land being converted for residential and industrial revolution, every one is moving to industry or business, the farmers are not getting any benefit, We have a hope on you, hence please take care our farmers and their land.
0 0 When roads needed to be broadened, instead of widening roads, build another road parallel to this road 50 m away	 so that shops and employees will not lose their income, in addition there will be more shops along another road and more income developed to more people. Also land take over money can be decreased about 50%. Another advantage of this is there will only one side travel in one road which will decrease lot of accidents due absence of divider. Three lines in one road, one for fast travel
0 0 Caste based separation is one of the reason that stops India to move together; and caste based reservation encourage people to be in their own community and to marry from same caste . Why cant we encourage inter-caste/inter-religion marriages and introduce reservation for those people who marry from different caste/community. On a later point we will be where the people are out of caste and just "Indians".So we can completely avoid caste-reservation as Ambedkar dreamed in "annihilation of caste"
0 0 Sir, Namaste. 1. am happy that your government has a great foreign policy. Please continue the good work there. 2. This is the time to get a direction for Indian exports. I have a detailed plan to work on increasing the India's exports so that we can have a better balance of payments position. I need time with your officials to talk about it. 3. Your independence address should rejuvenate our industry 4. Please address tax issues. Please don't raise them anymore for any sectors
0 0 re Swachh Bharat Abhiyan - an integrated message re the work so far, and the path ahead, will be very helpful to keep the momentum from flagging. One way of describing the work so far, and the path ahead is a "Motor Car Model" Details of model are in chapter in book by Syama Prasad Mookerjee Foundation on "One year of NM Govt - Redefining Governance", published last month, editor, Dr Anirban Ganguly. It can be a very powerful way of conveying to the country re the Abhiyan.
1 0 As part of CLEAN-GREEN India, develop a programme in-order to reduce the usage of paper in the govt. departments as well as to dispose off the unwanted papers in various govt. offices
0 0 The Central Government must start orphanages, homes for old age people and beggar homes in all the districts in the country. Then ban begging. This way we can cut down the crimes,  of kidnappings of children for begging . Moreover the activities of some of the NGOs who are engaged in anti-national activities can be curtailed by this move. Some of these NGOs are getting huge funds from abroad by highlighting the poverty in our country.
0 0 Every citizen can plant one tree a month for next twelve months in his living area.The trees can be rain forest trees specially procured from Latin American countries.Government should distribute free of cost.These trees will fetch enough rainfall and drought can be a thing of the past.Mr Lee had done this in Singapore.Therefore we can also do this in India.It should be a mass movement by all Indians with support of Government.
0 0 Sir, Can we give our children an experience of richness/diversity of India when they are at school? There are over 1000 Kendriya Vidyala (KV) and over 600 Navodhaya schools (NS) located across the country. What if we facilitate 7th or 8th standard students the option of studying in some other KV or NS on a mutual exchange basis with the host family? The student would see new place, make new friends,stay with the new family and learn new culture. Richness of India experienced. Jai Hind.
0 0 Sir meri ek soch h mahilao ko har chej m fayda mile job m school mark m bank m interest per kuch jayada interest de sakte h is se log beti bi bachange sochenge usko har chej m first prefrence h yani jase aarkhchan hota h yah aap female aarkhchan bana sakte ho iske bahut kuch jhud sakta h  jase study/ job/ bank interest etc
2 0 Hi Sir, Please speak on our Force's efforts in the previous rescue operations and terrorist attacks. Please thank them on behalf of Indian citizen.
0 0 DEAR SIR, FIRST I WANT TO  THANKS A LOT TO YOU FOR GIVING A WONDERFUL OPPORTUNITY TO SHARE OUR SUGGESTIONS. MY SUGGESTION IS PLEASE PRESENT STRONG STATEMENT TO ENCOURAGE TO BUILD RELIGIOUS HARMONY.AND I AM KINDLY REQUEST YOU TO TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTON AGAINST THE RELIGIOUS FUNDAMENTALISM. AND PLEASE BE ENSURE TO MAKE THE SAFETY OF OUR CHILDREN AND OUR WOMEN
0 0 1.Make strict traffic rules. Bring a ban on horns. Levy heavy penalties for disobey of traffic rules. 2. Improve Public Transport Systems. 3. Increase tax on automobiles so that on road automobiles can be controlled and also crude imports can be reduced.
0 0 Pm you made many things for India like make in india, digital india, swach bharat abhiyaan. Now you should make announcement for Indian defence army, air force and navy because our army kill day by day
0 0 Respected sir, I am a civil service aspirant. I am very much annoyed of the detrimental effects of Global Warming in our society.I sincerely feel that our youth can contribute a lot to reduce it. For that i personally opine and request the government to promote the usage of bicycles among youth through 'PEDALLING INDIA'scheme against the widespread usage of motor bikes. The govt can promote this through PPP initiatives. This can also reduce life style diseases.
0 0 Dear Modiji; Thank you very much for you & the government officials outstanding performance and great efforts for the development of our country and it is greatly appreciated, we are with you. kindly consider the following matters in your action plan as priority issues; 1.Orphan Children those are living in the street without having care ,food , education and security. 2.Education / awareness program for our community that importance of caring elderly people, women and their rights.
0 0 Sir land bill k liy mera pass ek idea h aap jis ki bi land ho usko pucho aapko land sell karni h ya rent pe deni h agar koi rent per deta h to bi government ko fayda aur land owner ko bi fayda land owner bi kush government bi second optuon us k kisi bande ko government job dela sakte h aap fir unko rent nhi milega
0 0 I truly believe that if people follow "to thine own self be true", there would be no problems in the world. However, "Goodness" is more important in ones heart. If a person is a good human being, he automatically will be a good citizen, a good politician or a good administrator. आजकल ऐसा लगता हॆ मानो अच्छाई कॊइ काम नही आती. आप अच्छा ईन्सान हॊने की प्रॆरणा दॆनॆवाला भाषण दिजियॆ
0 0 Election campaign expenses shall be at govt cost for all candidates. This will give chance for poor people to contest for elections. Not only this will avoid corruption.Because lust for regaining the money spend for election will not be there and he will not go out of the way for making money. Not only there will be no sponsors and he need not do favours to them.
1 0 Sir mera mam m ek idea h log body part donet nhi karte q ki bin intrest kuch nhi hota to aap ek rool bana sakte h jo bi body part donet karega us ke family ko jb bi kbi body part ki jarurat hogi first prefrence uski family ko milgi es se yahhoga har ek sochega goverment k pass hamara body part girvi h jb jarurat hogi hum ko milga yani log apne aage ki soch kar jayada se jayada body part dan karenge
1 0 1)NDA govt has started to construct many 'MAALA'network across the country.Along with that Can't we plant trees on both side of the road to make a 'HARITH SURAJYA' . 2)Why not central govt corporate with State govt to start Govt owned hotels/Tea stalls across the country. 3) Swachh Bharath cannot be built in a day.Cleanliness should be practiced from base root itself.It should make mandatory to add in school syllabus the importance of cleanliness and to accomplish the mission swacch Bharath
1 0 Most of the Indian rupee goes in purchasing the crude oil,petroleum to reduce this cost alternate methods like cycles,walking,boats etc.very useful but motivation is required.
0 0 Announce the formation of an All India database of missing citizens and another for 'lost and found'/vagabonds/child beggars.. Matching the 2 databases with even a small percent of success might help thousands of lost and loved ones to be found all over India.
0 0 I just want to add a word on Reservation also. it is the time to remove the reservation criteria on cast. On financial background we can set up the reservation criteria. Now rich people from backward community is getting reservation and all benefits from the govt. and poor people from forward cast compelled to bear the burden of the liabilities.
0 0 Today young population on large scale is falling in Depression but not coming for help in same proportion. There are so many reasons out of which taboo & unawareness abt illness is biggest reason. Sir your one appeal will reach to millions in stronger way. So please raise this issue. It will create great awreness abt mental illnesses. Thank you... Jai Hind
0 0 Govt. sector hospitals at district level, subdivision level & the towns having large population if brought under PPP with subsidy in respect of a particular economic condition level of citizens then quality service in health sector can be provided & will be very fruitful for the nation
1 0 Sir m chahta hu jb bi hamara koi jawan yani foji sahed ho to usko jintni uski nokary foj ki baki h tab tak unko salery mile jis se uski family ko bad m presani naudhni pade
0 0 Well educated and qualified graduates are doing their job abroad. Latest reports showing that 86% of IT jobs in US are carried out by Indians. Can we bring Some of them back to India and provide them with sufficient opportunities, so that they can also be a part for developing the nation. Now employers are exploiting them in foreign nations. Make sure that they are getting enough intakes for their survival.
0 0 Kyu na apni currency change kr di jaee///// Black money apne aap aa jaegi nikkal ke...
1 0 Criminal are not born. They are made by the society. We need a system to monitor and correct the behavioral changes of children due to the circumstance like family problems , lavish life styles etc.
0 0 Dear Sir, Thank you for giving us a chance to express our opinions. I’m Jidesh Nair residing in Riyadh, KSA. I request you to please introduce Some Migration Packages For NRI's to enable them to settle in India while they return after their expatriates life. Jai Hind Jidesh Nair (+966 536 200075)
1 0 Announce a major 'Ministry for Quality' to control adulteration, reduce cancer and other diseases, reduce pollution, improve health and well-being, increase exports ..
0 0 1)Increase age of 50 to 75 for insurance of Rs.330 to cover maximum benefit to people without any insurance in India. 2)Start programme every college / school / company to respect another people- old man/old momen, child and their rights. 3)In India poor and middle class people travelling in Trains but not getting tickets, please end solution for waiting list passengers , they are supporting railways to earn more but railway can not do anything.
0 0 across states, in all police stations lot of vehicles are lying and most of the vehicles are lying for years together with only frame left out.this is a wastage to the nation, and request govt. to give directions in this regard to avoid the wastage of resources
1 0 treat election manifesto as a contract with voters make law to give legal entity  for that contract.(election manifesto.)
0 0 one world one united countries.globalization its on way.now no one can stop that.in this  scenario how can we distribute wealth equally with in the countries at least. if you don't do that at the end will be economic disasters.each human being is entitled to have the resources of world.now some countries just keep it and taking the fruit of that.why don't we Indian put forward an idea of global govt. to over come this. I know it will not be practical for tomorrow but near future. it must come
0 0 Hello Respected PM sir... Pleased to see your initiative to include common man's ideas in independance day speech. I am a psychiatrist practicing in hadapsar town in pune city. Obviously i want to give suggestion regarding mental illness. As per WHO prediction by year 2020 Depression will be second largest disease burden . So i want u to appeal from such important forum to seek right timely help for Depression so that we can save young backbone of our country & save lifes from suicides.
0 0 Proverty is one of the main crisis we have. I know we are having several policies to help the poor people. But most of them are discounts or benefits which they can avail. My suggestion we should have a clear plan for how to help them to go above proverty line & self-sufficient. May be by providing agricultural land/assisting them to start small scale business.
0 0 The Leaders of independence strike will remember in all things but so many peoples was dead for this. Sir please remember that members on this day and dedicate our dependency to  that one.
1 0 Number of Cancer Patients are getting increased day by day. Need to control pesticide usage in Fruits and Vegetables & Food adulteration. Ways to combat food adulteration are (1) the public must be educated, (2) packaged food makers and hotels must be sensitized to improve hygiene standards by the use of better technology and safer ingredients and (3) simply need many thousands of food inspectors and testing Labs with equipment of highest quality to ensure fair and effective quality standards.
0 0 "Planting at least one  Tree in one year", make it as an obligation of all Government employees and Students...give more importance to the use of alternative energy such as solar,wind ....protect our forests,rivers and  mountains for our future generations ..give more care to environmental issues..
0 0 Sir, Not only costruction,but some enforcement be applied for uses of toilets in villages. Ponds and other water reservoirs be renewed specially in villages for cattles and for fire fighting vehicles uses. For clean water maximum India mark handpumps are not working in villages.Locals to be trained to repair that.
0 0 What happened to "Nadi Jod Abhiyan"? It should be done on priority. Also like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, there should be Rain Water Harvesting nationwide.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. XXI (TWENTY ONE) EASE OF DOING BUSINESS Besides simplifying procedures, introducing online mode as efficient alternative, it is proposed that to improve logistics a new legislation for truckers may be considered thus organising the sector. Salaries, working hours, breaks during journey etc. be defined - efficient operations, safer roads. 2. Proposed- National Freight Index - transparency in freight rates Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
2 0 Sir we need to modify our education system, state syllabus etc according to the needs of developing world. Because nowadays government schools are facing difficulties to survive. Private CBSE/public schools are growing. Its not egg, milk and delicious food which attracts students to school its the best education from the school which develops their personality, culture, thought process etc  through acquiring knowledge which is adequate for future.
0 0 First of all behaviour of some parliamenterians inside the Parliament and its remedy.No one has the right to play with the future of the country as some are playing. They must be condemned on this day,as the soul of Gandhi ji is crying.The country and its people are very very anguished. These people are doing anything by enjoying everything. I request u sir please don't let them do as they wish and get away.U fix the accountability for each peny of tax payers money.U will be remembered forever.
2 0 PM should address nationalizing rivers and water resources, also need to talk about connecting revers to avoid rain water wastage. As Gandhiji stated, agriculture is backbone of India, so agriculture as a subject should be included in secondary education curriculum. Today many highly educated professionals want to cultivate and do agriculture, as lack of knowledge in agriculture all hesitate to proceed further. Should focus on digitalizing, E-Governance in all govt sectors to reduce corruption
0 0 Sir Request U to start a Bank Account as "Funds for Welfare of Armed Forces" in which All Indians Across World can deposit donations directly. Jai Hind !!!
0 0 SIR PLSE MODIFY INDIAN POLICE
0 0 Speaking about the education scenario in Jalandhar City, education is fast turning out to be a fast growing industry for those absolutely insensible and insensitive about seeing the NextGen really educated, in true sense of the term. HERE, MUSHROOMING OF THE SO-CALLED PUBLIC SCHOOLS' WHICH ARE ANYTHING BUT FOR THE PUBLIC AT LARGE. FACING THE FACTS WITH STRAIGHT FACE, THESE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ARE NOTHING BUT TEACHING SHOPS, SHOWING LESS THAN LITTLE CONCERN FOR EDUCATION. THIS MUST CHANGE, IN REALITY.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD.- XX (TWENTY) Natural resources, Wildlife, Tribals Government committed to preserve, conserve and improve the management of India's natural resources, including forests, water bodies, wildlife etc. Nationwide anti-poaching drives will be launched in collaboration with reputed NGOs and tribals. To improve the lives of millions of tribals, eco-tourism and other income generating activities being considered. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 i have a plan in black many corrption
0 0 I think that PM should try to evoke feeling of Nationalism in the country. we are not from different states,we all are of India. The incidences of terrorism along the border are increasing he should cite the bravery of two guys who nabbed the terrorist. apart from this i think he should extend the idea of selfie with daughters. swach bharat abhiyan needs a mention again as not much has been achieved on ground. mention what happened in monsoon session due to power-hungry people.
0 0 Abhiyan like 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' should be launched to achieve 100% literacy (every citizen should be able to read and write his native language).
0 0 #IndependenceDay My idea may not be big enough but if included in the speech might help. - Giving way to ambulance so that lives are save - To tell citizens how they can be useful in boosting Indian economy - Inform about those bills that were not passed in Monsoon sessions becoz of some selfish people
0 0 Good afternoon sir. I Anand pendse First i will congratulate you for your success and mission of Make in India I am working as a Admin manager in electrical company I found many engineers has no job as per their skill.After so many interviews conducted i have one idea . The if company turnover is above 5 Cr. They must contribute 1% of fund  called " Make in India Fund". SO we can provide engineer sand skill employee that amount for R & D . this helps us to make india much ahead of world
0 0 I have a  plan where house can be provided to every family in country in 2 years .	(Shyam mohan gupta, 9219889454,meerut) #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Some should be done for removal of Reservation System
0 0 An important point of reference in the Hon'ble PM's address from the Red Fort needs to be as to how to draw up mechanism so as to see to it that education reached the last child in the remotest area of our country. THIS IS TO SAY, ON GROUND, NOT ON THE TABLE OF THE BUREAUCRATS OF VARIOUS HUES, AS IS THE CASE PRESENTLY, NOTWITHSTANDING WHATEVER IS CHURNED OUT VIA DIFFERENT OFFICIAL CHANNELS. THE GROUND-REALITY SPEAKS ABOUT VOLUMES THAT ARE REQUIRED TO BE DONE, JALANDHAR CITY BEING NO EXCEPTION.
0 0 I have a scheme in one year no person of 18 years or above will be  unemployed. (Shyam mohan gupta, 9219889454,meerut) #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Bharat Forward! Real Independence.. 1. Preserve lakebeds,source of water/ecosystems:a very raw nerve of nature 2. Animal Shelters/Goshalas:Govt owned, facilitated 3. Forest Reserves:again..for our survival 4. Acquire Land:but preserve ecosystem there! 5. Use Natural Fibres:levy huge fines otherwise.. 6. Agriculture as Backbone:steady,self-reliant All these mandate to Make for India,vis-e-vi Make in India; ensures we are not going to be disturbed by any country & finances remain healthy!
0 0 In entire country instead of NRI quota  admissions in private colleges should be on the basis of merit so that donation culture can cramped #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Doctors should write name of salts instead of  brand name of medicines so that we could be prevented from the swindle of doctors and pharmaceutical companies. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Our government remove some obsolete laws.One obsolete law is caste based reservation.pls. remove it and apply economically based reservation because economic condition is not permanent while caste is permanent.The person who took advantage once take & take while other one is still remain poor. And after that committee say that dev. of sc/st not occur.अरॆ कहा सॆ हॊगा जिन्कॊ जरुरत् हॆ उन्हॆ मिल् नहि रहा और् जिन्कॊ मिल् रहा हॆ वॊ उसकॆ हकदार् नहि. please include all or exclude all.
0 0 In just 9.90 rs we can provide food to every individual in the entire country.i have drafted an action plan for this . We don't need any extra money or raw material. In fact we will going to save money and resources . (Shyam mohan gupta, 9219889454,meerut) #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
1 0 By increasing marriage age of girl to 21, which is equal to boy, we can control population growth. By this girl can complete her study. At least they get graduation degree that may lead to getting a job. If this in place first delivery will be at the age of 22. Then they think about maximum 2 children. This is one of the best way to reduce population growth with out imposing any rule. By imposing law to reduce population may bring criticism from various religious leaders.
0 0 Hon'ble PM Modiji,   certain points to ponder regarding skill developement 1.Start from the rural area because of lot of school dropoutsskill trainig.2.classify the skils that can be imparted.3.skill trainig linked to their level of education, ranging from 2 months to 1year.4.can join NGOS.5.every panchayat unoin can have training centre .6.ngoscan play amajor role.7.for  example the TRUSTin my son's name along with ROTARY CLUB OF CHIDAMBARAM is organising free tailoring project for the poorwom
0 0 Hi sir, Your thoughts are very good.I like to give one point here related to our Educational system: Our education system are very good but not effectively implemented in schools and colleges. Peoples those are finishing their studies they are expecting campus interviews only instead if any schemes for young peoples, to utilize them it for new business opportunities by providing appropriate facilities by govt., may increase the employability.The knowladge problem with both staff &Students.
0 0 Sir, Fake Institutions are depleting the life of a youth. Even some prestigious colleges are giving admissions to the 12th failed student. Indeed this is decresing the quality of an ENGINEER. Lakhs of student appear in the IIT/AIEEE exams and only thousands of student make their selection. I hope we will se more govt courses and govt institution which will help students to get job. Kindly look into this matter. #PM #MyGov
0 0 Dear Sir, A proposal to think for not stalling country's growth & still debate to hearts' content! Process/methods in place: 1. Code of Ethics: framework to pass bills/new changes;if it adheres to;voting is not mandatory 2. Code of Conduct for Parliamentarians: framework on conduct/behavior of govt/elect representives,they get penalized 3. Parliamentary Code: unable clear work(any reason);extend hours(people in country work 12-15hr/day for week/month)govt follows same codes Thank You!
0 0 Dear sir, pls speak about 1. feeding rooms for mothers in public areas 2.Starting a website for missing children where parents can lodge the details and any one find children can post the same in this web 3.Empower the local schools in villages and giving standard education to local poors 4.Pls speak about new law to restrict the children who send their parents to old age homes.
0 0 Most Urgent To The Honorable Prime Minister of India ,New Delhi. Respected Sir, 	Andhra and Telangana was bifurcated, in view of that employees were surplus in Government Corporations like APGENCO, TRANSCO etc.Please don’t enhance the age of superannuation from 58 to 60 years in Government Corporations like APGENCO, TRANSCO etc.Unemployment also increase in Andhra. Hence it is requesting to you to stop the Andhra proposals to enhance the age of superannuation from 58 to 60 years till next
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Women empowerment : A country with total 621million women population...we lack in the contribution of women in forces. Seats are very very limited an selection is quite tough!!. Yes this us true there are many females lIke who want ti serve nation in uniform....but what about those who get merit out after get selected in Conference. ONLY 22 seats in army for women through cdse.On the behalf of Indians I urge you to look into this matter. Regards. #PM #MyMyGov
0 0 Dear Sir I am proud to be an Indian since our system is better than most of other nations. Our system is always enriching with lot of values as well as justice. We need to continuously upgrade our system for the equal justice to all people. Caste based reservation is very good effort by our system for justice to poor and backward people. Any system to improve backward is good but please make sure the target/ quality should not be compromised
0 0 This time PM must speak on concrete issues: - announce OROP for jawans (w.e.f. 1.4.2014) - announce special package for Bihar - announce special package for J&K - announce special status for Andhra Pradesh - announce the comprehensive farm insurance scheme - announce the road safety policy - give progress report on building of toilet for girls schools...may apologise to    people for the programme running late - tell people that infrastructure building is going full throttle.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Women empowerment : A country with total 621million women population...we lack in the contribution of women in forces. Seats are very very limited an selection is quite tough!!. Yes this us true there are many females lIke who want ti serve nation in uniform....but what about those who get merit out after get selected in Conference. ONLY 22 seats in army for women through cdse.On the behalf of Indians I urge you to look into this matter. Regards. #PM #MyMyGov
0 0 Hi Sir, I've seen many students who are going to the schools but due to the regular absence of teachers in govt schools and  proxy attendance by teachers, these students are not having regular classes. There was also in recent news 98,500 govt schools are running by single teacher. So this shows that we are not inspecting the schools regularly and due to this primary education is really lacking.In recent days they are cases where child labour is incrsg in port areas around gujarat,A.P etc.
0 0 “TECHNOLOGY”. Since my 1st visit to USA (out of India for the very 1st time), I realized the power of Technology. I remember you had described @ bringing in ‘Technologies’,in your speech after you become PM and I truly admired the same. Sir, ASAP we need to implement AS MUCH AS electronic media/technology/gadgets right from roads to our homes! an Eg: just 1 mandatory INDIAN ID card, linked with PASSPORT,bank/PAN details,vehicle registration, insurance.. Similarly-speed guns/cameras on highways.
0 0 Dear PM, I would like to suggest two points, 1. To make Swatch Bharath more effective, waste containers should be kept in easy reachable areas in all public places & should be maintained properly by the respective departments. 2. Agricultural sector in INDIA should be given further more importance along with other national development schemes. Agricultural contributions from each states should be evaluated at National Level. Organic Farming should be promoted.
0 0 If there could be any such arrangement where people could be employed locally then a huge consumption of fuel in transport sector could be checked which will surely drive a sharp cut to air pollution and the time wasted in traffic jam too. Thus where in one hand we could enhance our productivity by utilizing the wasted time, in the other hand it would support our movement against Global Warming. Moreover if the official work could be done by sitting at home then there's nothing better than this.
0 0 According to me, the independence day speech should contain broad details on the achievements made on the announcements made in the last independence day speech.  It should also contain some concrete details on the achievements made on the Development front in the period up to now. A concrete roadmap for GST and Land Bill will impose confidence into the people and hence should be included in the speech.
0 0 Dear PM, I would like to suggest two points, 1. To make Swatch Bharath more effective, waste containers should be kept in easy reachable area in all public places & should me maintained properly by the respective departments. 2. Agricultural sector in INDIA should be given further more importance along with other national development schemes. Agricultural contributions from each states should be evaluated at National Level. Organic Farming should be promoted.
0 0 For a developing country Like INDIA what is the NEXT chapter. One thing is Digitization which we are on top of it. But there is something serious which is holding back us from the "Developed" tag Yes that is nothing but the Non-proportionate Population against the Infrastructure of our country . I think this is the high time to enforce the law to control the birth rate like in case with China..We must initiate a campaign to make the people of INDIA aware of this from the grass root level...
0 0 please implement GST .Govt department mai GYAN AUR VIVEK ke adhikar ko khatam karo and fix the liability of assessing authourity, if anyone doing wrong because of there position they should pay for it.
0 0 Respected Narendrabhai, It is nice that you had started Cleanliness Movement.  The System needs thorough cleanliness.  You need to take some Harsh Actions.  Not allowing the parliament to run is also Corruption.  I appreciate your stand of suspending the MPs.  Please withdraw their salary and perks for those days. As a good indication to nation, please also declare the return of parliament perks for yourself and your colleagues during parliament closure days.  Wish you All the Best
0 0 and the experts should speak on each of the clause(not a single one should be left)in the bill as there remains no room for doubt..This program should be broadcasted 24*7 on few of the national channels  including a radio station...This program should be executed under your honorable flagship...This program should be undertaken for all the bills pending in the parliamnent after the success of one..
1 0 Respected Sir, Thank you for providing us the opportunity to express our views that will be addressed by the Honorable prime minister of India for the Independence day My idea's for the PM Speech. Implementation of canteen facility as similar like Parliament Canteen in all states which benefits the entire people of India Implementation of safe journey in Indian Railways and public Transports Action against those Institution or private sectors who does not fulfill the total wages
0 0 Sir,As you have gave us the chance to echo our voice again after election.I would like to make you remember the initial years of Independence, when every Indian was proud of "MOTHER INDIA".I WANT YOU TO ADD EXTREME FEELING OF NATIONALISM, SECULARISM, AND THE MOST IMPORTANT THE WISH,VOW TO MAKE INDIA A "WORLD SUPERPOWER".
0 0 Dear Sir , Many Govt. Institutions / Employees are not delivering the service in respect manner .If we are applying or requesting any Govt Service for the people even they wont deliver good service and will them to lot of trouble. . They can't Smile , don't know how to behave . in my understanding they know their job is more secure or Political Support ,please kindly do something to do for this ..............
0 0 Please initiate indians to plant more tree. Let us make healthy environment and  good atmosphere to our future generations..
0 0 Dear PM It's an honour to write before u.I would like to share my opinion before u which is in nations interest.M deeply hurted the way parliament is being functioned & crores of rupees are being wasted on each day proceedings without any outcome.Say on GST bill u can setup a platform at particular place(as big as a rally but at particular place) with few of the experts whom a particular timeframe is being alloted say 72 hours & this program is broadcasted as big as an election campaign..
0 0 Respected PM Modiji,Quality education at all levels should be focuss of your naton building,particularly primary education.If it is taken care other things will beautomaticlly follow.Certain points to ponder.1,reorganize theschools in the rurai area and make them effectively functioning units.22,make sigle teacher schools as pre schools3.a vey strict recruitment of meritorius teachers4.every unit of school must be well equipped say within a radius of 5km6bus   transport from every villge
0 0 Respected Sir I may like  to add in your speech for all citizens of India to do their duty or job Honestly . If they do so, most of the problems in the country will be solved automatically. For cleanliness one should not throw waste items here and there. Reg. Employees if they feel that any of his or her blood relation can be in the Queue they can do it fast and correct.
1 0 Sir, I feel this independence day you should  declare about scraping MCI screening test for our students studying overseas. Sir,the students are studying in universities recognised by our MCI,they have same syllabus,well established examination and all.But again a filtration barrier in our country called MCI SCREENING TEST,are choosing US and western countries to continue their profession. I request you to propose an initiative from this govt.to get the medical students to serve our patients.
0 0 Dear Sir, Am Rajesh From Kerala Am an NRI and Working in Bahrain as an IT Professional last 8 Years. am Planning to work in Our Nation or do some Business from Last Four Years . Unfortunately i cant. Please Implement Some Migration Packages For NRI's
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, As a resident of Assam and would like to turn your attention to the persistent problem of illegal Bangladeshis here. They make huts in hills, grab land, cause unrest; many cases of theft have also been there. Parts of Kaziranga, Lower Assam, Guwahati are their safe haven. The Aadhar card which is now optional, Should be made mandatory in Assam. Also the Indo-Bangla Border should be properly monitored and fenced. Or else, welcome a Greater Bangladesh here. Yours Truly M das
0 0 When doctors, teachers, technologists, scientists ...all have a code of conduct for their professional behavior and practices, to be followed  either by choice or by force,  why have we ceased to expect the same of of our elected representatives? When the PM and his team (let go party affiliations)   are working hard to push India forward  with refreshingly new reforms, why doesn't the political class put the country first above all other things? Time for a strict code of conduct in  Parliament?
0 1 Dear Sir, My suggestion is to share your vision to make India a super power by 2020 or 2025 which will inspire entire people of the country to work towards this mission. With Regards and best wishes. Pl do not give any scope to the opposition to find fault in your speech. Let it be statesmanship statement like last time. With Regards Raghunath Kodical
1 0 http://www.kabadiwallaconnect.in/ is an information service that helps you handle your recyclable waste responsibly. We connect you to your local scrap-dealer, and track how much waste is being recycled in your neighbourhood.
0 0 If any benefits an be given in Income Tax for Stem/Life cell policies--to encourage people for preserving the cord of newly born babies
0 0 For which we need to increase the infrastructure and specially create a nation wide policy one garbage removal.
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister My son asked me to give this suggestion to you on your speech, He asked that every house should have one tree planted. If they have space and can plant near to their house thats great else they should have a plant in pot. This way he thinks it will help our surrounding environment be natural and healthy. He is 13 years old. Best Regards Manmohan
1 0 The only way to make India clean is to involve the people. Therefore we at www.kabadiwallaconnect.in are launching a Neighbourhood Champions program on the 19th of August at Amethyst Cafe in Chennai. Are you tired of seeing your city choke with waste? Change starts in your neighbourhood...at home! Be the change. Become a neighbourhood Champion. Join us at our launch event to find out how. To know more call 9840295081 or visit our web site.
0 0 and a 20% for medicines and all other expenceses should be covered by the ploicy, please make as study on this and implement . And promote our country for medical tourism.. Also i belive need to increaed and develop the tourism in co operation with the state govt and disctrict cousils. Like here in Dubai Tourism is the main Income .whcih will bring lot of Jobs and foring currency
0 0 Sir plz constitute a cell/board  before which people can express their models ,views etc.Board should appraise/evaluate/test them.It will enhance inflow of ideas.
1 0 (1)Save Electricity-V can request all to follow small small habits,in the commercial places(upto 5-6flr may be)to shut the elevator once a week.This will ntt only help to conserve the electricity but will also promote exercise habit in people. (c)Offices can switch off the tube lights during day time(b)These days almost all the builder are providing the facility of Solar water Gyser.we can make it compel to builders to provide facility of Solar Lighting
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister,people are expecting so much from you so please don't break their trust.my ideas are 1.After so many years why we don't have a National Language(Hindi). 2.Can you convey all people that religion is all about peace and humanity.Why everybody is trying to prove that his/her religion is superior than others. 3.can we make a world where male don't see females as a sex object only. 4.update education system,improve quality of hospitals,protect our environment.
0 0 respected sir Please appeal to every common man that don't spread castiesm message on social networking sites, whatsapp etc.  It is like even after 68 years of our freedom we are divided into too many parts like hindu, Muslim, Sikh... Our dream is that one day we all will be known as Indian. regards Pankaj A Common Indian
0 0 Every citizen of India should be administered with Oath on this Independence Day for Unity, Integrity, Dignity, Swatchtha, Swaastha & Samaanatha. Also include, Promise for Clean & Corruption Free India so as to safe guard the Nation’s Health & Wealth.A directory branding as “STAR CITIZENS” could be brought up every year starting from 1st January 2015 to 31st December 2015,  containing Name, Mobile Number & Family Photo, Value, Aadhar Number etc.“Give It Up” of LPG subsidy.donation to PM relif fd
0 0 Dear PM Also make a nation wide policy for medical insurance linked with the adhar card which should cater all type of medical issues. I belive it will help lot of poor people to get a proper treatment again which should be based on the financil status. or wihout taking consideration people and goverment should bare the policy exp like 30/70 ratio. i believe Lic cam play the major role in this. Meaning like if you take the ploicy the plicy owner should pay rs 100 for consulation fee and and
0 0 Respected sir, I humbly request you to en light important of breast feeding and health new generation in independence day speech. It is very unfortunate in india that there is very less facility in public place for breast feeding .
0 0 Narendra Bhai, Pesticide contain foods are the major challenge facing the people of India today. Due to this thousands of people are loosing their life every month specially due to cancer. Please give top priority for organic foods and take strong action against those using illegal and over doss pesticides in their farms. I believe providing clean and pesticide free food to their citizen should be the top priority for any government. If the citizen is not healthy how the country can develop?
0 0 Sir IN Kerala production of jack fruit is very large. Only 20% of the total production is using .I think it has large demand in other states and international market. Why should not the govt thinking about this. To be make small units in village or district vise collection and production of jack fruit food items and make company under the govt agricultural department Give one brand name to the products and market it in national and international market.now we are waiting our resources
1 0 Dear Respected PM My sugessiona are 1 Please remove all other reservation based on minority and religious, Please provide Financial reservation and which will remove all the religious issues and political parties will not go behind religion for vote bank 2. Please consider NRis as main source of foriegn income and try to reduce the air fare to india specilay to the kerala, karnataka and tamilnadu airports from the gulf countries which will help people like me to save huge amount of money .
0 0 Respected Sir, These coming Independence Day is our 68th Independence Day and we are going to celebrate it nicely. From last year celebration of Independence Day has been fully changed just because of your mind blowing speeches.I am eager to listen your speech in this year's Independence Day. Sir please mention something about Employment Generation in our North EasT, Caste Problem in Jobs & Corruption.
1 0 Request to make mass appeal to follow the traffic rules--to minimize road accidents
0 0 On coming Independence Day plz make a mass appeal to the nation based on attached file.
0 0 DEAR SIR, A CALL MAY BE  GIVEN TO WORLD LEADERS TO  SIGN A NO WAR AGREEMENT BETWEEN ALL COUNTRIES UNDER THE AUSPICIOUS OF UNO(UNITED NATIONS.)WAR DESTROYS.AS A FIRST STEP,SUCH AN AGREEMENT MAY BE SIGNED BETWEEN 3 OR 4 COUNTRIES.HUGE MONEY CAN  BE SAVED.
0 0 Inclusion of youth in the implementation of public schemes by central government is important. Central government can employ many unemployed eligible candidates to promote and execute their public welfare programs. Youth could be included in the technical committee to give the best technical solutions and to use the most advanced technologies for development. PM Sir must talk on how a general citizen can collaborate in national development. Increasing direct connectivity with citizens discussed.
0 0 R/Sir, 1)To reduce the rust in INDIAN RAILWAYS make the flexibility arrangement in coaches & engines by increasing & reducing it according to passengers reservation. 2)Make arrangement first for uncompleted,electrified & double tracks  of railway routs first rather than bullet & metro trains project.
0 0 Dear Modiji, Kindly include cancer treatment for all indians for free of cost,because lot of poor people not afford the cost of treatment . The amount will collect 2 % tax charge  from  sales of Vehicle more than 5 Lakhs cost.jai hind
1 0 Sir, organ donation is 0.34% per a million people in India, i.e. about 1 person per 30 lakh people. It's sad that thousands die every day waiting for organs. Please mention about "organ donation" in your Independence Day speech so that more and more people will be inspired to donate their organs after death. This should also become a popular campaign like the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.’ Also, make sure that the poor should benefit the most because now this sector is mainly under private hospitals.
0 0 SIR I am from kerala . many people are victims of cancer and thyroid diseases. These are due to improper use of pesticides  .steps may taken from govt side to test the vegetables curry leaves ,fruits ,grains and pulses before reaching consumers.If harmful amount of pesticides are found in any consumable item it should be banned and licence of dealer cancelled. labs for testing food items for pesticides artificial colours and flavour must be set up to prevent cancer deaths.
0 0 Dear sir I wish you could include topics such as majority suppression currently prevailing in India.Since India is a democratic and secular country, there is no logic in sorting on basis of religion and caste for various govt sectors for education and employment. I find this sort of laws and actions as an act against the true idea of the word secularism and is a dishonor  for those who possess the real right. I support the idea of uniform civil code and request you to speak on it With Respect
0 0 1. Why all tax payers be removed from the list beneficiaries for different subsidies. 2. Sir, when an army officer dies after retirement, the collector/SP of police(Highest ranking Police official of the district) of the district should be asked to be present at his funeral.I happened to attend the Funeral of Maj.General R.S.Kannan at Pondicherry, i felt bad that there was no official from the state Government. Well one good thing the local MLA Mr.Vaidyanathan made arrangement for shamiana etc
0 0 Modi Ji, Now a days, Every People of India Fighting for "Real Azadi".Azadi from Corrupted Leader, Azadi From Corruption, Azadi From Public Servant who motive to reject the number of File not promote the file. Please establish a CCTV Camera & "May I Help You Counter" in every Government offices. Electricity Department are very corrupt Department and demand for every work. Motivate to People for Pay Tax and also ensure that Tax pays by us are in safe hands.
1 0 I wish you all a Happy Independence day in advance. I would like Mr. Modi (our respected PM) to add some word's to his speech on Independence day. Please request our Indian brothers not to address anyone as Muslim, Hindu, Christian or any other religion even at their own mind, consider everyone as their brothers and sisters and address everyone with a smile on your face which is not at all difficult to anyone. It is more easy and valuable to make a peaceful nation rather than a super developed.
0 0 Respected Dear PM Modiji, Please Add these words in your speech. ""Two countries are Independent from August 15 1947. One Country Reached in Mars through Mangalyan Project and the other is still Trying to get into India."" If you can't add these in your speech please tweet this as a view of An Indian. Thanking you.
0 0 R/Sir, You should make law regarding to family planing (HUM DO HAMRE DO)COMPULSORY TO ALL THE RELIGIONS PEOPLE CONSIDERING FIRST INDIAN RELIGION. THOSE WHO NOT FOLLOW THIS LAW MAKE THEM UNBENIFICIL ALL CENTRAL & STATE GOVERMENT SCHEME,FACILITY &EMPLOYMENT STRICTLY
0 0 Respected Sir, The middle class in our nation without their own home are facing  issues due to high house rent being paid and other increased expenses. Surprisingly there is no regulation in our nation on the rent part and no political parties so far have interest in this area. It's a our humble request to Sir that you should have look in to this matter and do the needful. It would be a great help for the people who are living in rented houses. Regards, Sharath
0 0 Modi Ji, People want a strict action against Pakistan but our Government is Silent and make only Good Speech "We will Do",but when we will do ?Day to Day,our army Soliders Died and we made Keep Silence for 2 Min.Its not enough.We are waiting for Mayamar action against Pakistan. Our People of India scare from Police & Our Police talked with People as Like People of India is Terrist.Attention of Police not identify wrong people they are tried to make number of challan & increase revenue. Thanks.
0 0 Independence Day without our great A.P.J Abdul Kalam Sir, Sir Please raise a fund from public (minimum Rs.100 Maximum Rs. 1000) as "KALAM DREAMS" for conquering new horizons in Space Research. Thereby all sections of Indian citizens will be part of future endeavors by ISRO/Space Mission. The dignity of all citizens of India will reach to new heights and their expectations/dreams will come to true. RAJESH KUMAR M.R KAVALAM.P.O, KERALA
0 0 To, The Prime Minister of India, Dear Sir, The River flowing in and around Kalyan west, from Gandhari Village to Durgadi Fort, if properly cleansed and the surroundings are cleaned & revamped, it will not only save environment, but will also give new lease of life to Flora & Fauna of River, and may also create tourism opportunities, and resultant creations of jobs for the needy. The thorough cleansing of river , may help in supply of clean potable water, fishing opportunities, etc.
0 0 Differentiating others taking ourselves as the correct version of human race.We should teach them that all are different. The cultures, the habits, the upbringing. We must respect these differences.Because I feel somewhere this creates a thought that others are wrong. This only shapes all differentiations later on as the child grows.A small change in our daily discussions will go a lot more in making our next generation more adaptable and acceptable of differences.
0 0 This one is to urge all parents esp mothers.An educated mother, staying in an urban area, we must understand how much influence our daily discussions have on our children's upbringing.If we stop one thing at home we can bring a big change.Stop discussions like"all punjabis are like this, all haryanvis are like that. all bengalis have this habit.he talks like typical backward caste.etc" This list is endless.If we stop making such judgemental comments, we stop shaping our child's mind negatively.
0 0 Can we have a law where all religious organizations must sell their wealth to India Govt. after a certain limit less than the market price.  Eg:  Thirupati/Padmanabha Swami Temples selling gold to GOVT. less than the current market place which boosts our country's reserves (I am a die hard HINDU)
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, First of all, I wishes to you and all Citizen of India "Happy Independence Day". From the Stage of Indenpendence Day, Please ensure to Citizen of India From ISIS Activities. Measure the Level of Corruption and How much we reduced corruption. Please enforce to every Government Employees as well as Member of Parliament and Member of Local Assembly to admit this child into Government School so that People of India will ensure that Government School are in a Well Position.
0 0 To, The Prime Minister Of India, Dear Sir, In India, there is lack of the Palliative Care for the Critically & terminally ill,  Our National Policy document on this susbject of 2012, itself says, that out of total approx. 950 Palliative care Units, approx 800 or so units are based in Kerala.  This shows that in Rest of the India, such patients are not getting the proper care and attention.  The Comprehensive Policy & Implementation in this regard is desirable. Yours Truly P G Joshi
0 0 Also Sir Research should be done on Parameters  apart from  Economical / Prosperity /  Luxury  &  Comfortable life style etc. Similarly on - Happiness Index and Vimp - Mental & Psychological Peace Parameters and Index - both are missing in UN , World Bodies involve in Giving Ratings on Economic and Human Development Parameters, should do  research on both parameters too. 1- Happiness Index 2- Mental & Psychological Peace Index - Will cover Mental State & Peace of Mind in every way of living
0 0 Can we have child labor legalize where: 1.  A kid only work after his/her schooling hours 2-4 hours 2.  The employer should pay stipend not salary 3.  The employer should make sure the kid is getting proper education (schooling as well as on job) 4.  The employer should make sure the money paid is utilized in the most appropriate manner 5.  The employer get some tax exemption for doing this (am an employee, not an employer)
2 0 Sir, in your I’day speech, please speak to abolish reservation in education and service. It is not required now as many undeserving people get undue benefit. The standard of education and service goes down. If you want India developed, look at other developed countries. Please give financial support to all socially and educationally backward students who really need help, not blindly to a certain community. Candidates should be considered on merit, not on caste. Give special support to girls.
0 0 INCIDENCE OF CANCER IS MULTIPLYING IN INDIA. YOU CAN SEE CANCER PATIENTS IN ALMOST EVERY FAMILY NOW. IF WE DO NOT TAKE STEPS IMMEDIATELY, IT WILL BE THE GREATEST TRAGEDY OF INDIA. TRAGIC THAN A NUCLEAR WAR.  MAIN CULPRIT IS FOOD. FARMERS OT USING PESTICIDES AND FERTILISERS JUDICIOUSLY. VEGETABLES, FRUITS AND ALL EDIBLE ITEMS IN THE MARKET ARE CONTAMINATED WITH EXCESS AND BANNED PESTICIDES. OUR CHILDRENS FUTURE IS BLEAK. NARENDRA MODIJI, PLEASE TAKE STEPS TO PROTECT OUR DEAR AND NEAR ONES
0 0 Contd. C- Liberal People of all religions and faiths - 80% - Std  and Way of Living  is mostly smooth ,manageable as all problems - Mentally physically economically psychologically etc. .liberal  people  can find solution and continue to live comfortable life , which allows them down the line,  to explore new avenues, prosper and grow in life , make inventions , achievements, lead a Balanced and Happy life on individual and family life,which creates positive feelings for every body /Religions
0 0 Contd. B- Orthodox and Conservative of all Religion - 15% of World Population - Std and way of living is somewhat Hard and Balanced both - Mentally physically economically psychologically  etc. and always live within 4 corners of Religions  rituals and customs. People or community or entire nation - they all live in somewhat less tensions and sufferings , compare to A. Live example , can say - Some part of Middle East , North Africa , South East Asia / South Asia /EU
0 0 1. Please start a mission mode programme for all the local art and crafts so that migration from the villages can be stopped and also develop local markets and also e portal for these products. 2. For farmers issue with the help of CSCs micro financing should be implemented in a fast pace and also develop a mechanism so that farmer from his location get and lock the selling price with the nearest FCI center and once approved online the local transportatio units should be engaged to carryproduct
0 0 Contd. A -Fundamentalist and extremist of all Religion -5% Std and way of living is full with hardships mentally physically psychologically economically socially & always live with Hatred feelings with Single point aim and agenda to expand religion, every where in society, city , state ,entire nation and fight in the name of Religious sovereignty & protection of  its religion people . People or  Entire Community or Entire nation - they all live in  sufferings & tensions  more compare to Rest
0 0 The King is the best example for the public, Hence I like to see the Ministers and MPs are giving away their free allowances, subsidies and perks and pay what ever they uses as the general public is paying without any discount and delay. And If minister and MPs does not accept this idea, they are free to leave the post as there are plenty good persons who are ready to take the same on the terms I mentioned.
2 0 Respected sir, Independence Day is very important for army men as well as people sir on this ocassion please give them the happiness by clearing the issue of "ONE RANK ONE PENSION". This issue is pending since last so many years. Thank you
0 0 Sir In Present World Following 3 Types of People are found in Each Religion & Country 1 Fundamentalist & Extremist -5% 2 Conservatives & Orthodox -15% 3 Liberals -80% Research on Lifestyle ,Prosperity, Opportunities ,Growth , Happiness etc..of all above 3 should be Done by World Research Bodies / NGO/ UNO. Statistics of above all will bring huge Awareness of which " Way of Living" is Best and Natural Way of Living and also in each religion it is heavily emphasised upon.
0 0 For e.g., if a person is aware of any such vital information to share with the govt., he should have a platform to securely inform it to the govt. and there should be dedicated govt. team to enquire it and stop the threat. Same time, for correct information, the govt. needs to reward the messenger heavily based on the importance and critical level of that threat. Soon there will be many messengers start using the platform and would in turn reduce the anti-govt activities
0 0 I personally feel that the people of our country can help the government for pro-actively identify and stop these threats in a better way if we try to collect the details ahead of time, identify the seriousness and act swiftly. I think in some cases, the individuals can help inform these activities to the Govt. if the government is ready to listen, act and reward.
0 0 The activities could be anything - for example bribing, smuggling, illegal deals, terrorism, robbery etc. Impact of each of these activities is different. Some times this could go as worst as many of our citizens would lose their valuable life or getting wounded badly, destroy the places and infrastructure, create panic to the whole world, expense to investigate, destroy the growth of our country, threat to economy, investors would not prefer to come to our country etc.
0 0 My idea is related to the importance of improving the security level inside our country. We need to have best systems and processes to protect the life of our people and showcase the value that we give to our citizens. Today we know that there are multiple anti-government activities are happening inside our country and it is sad that many times we will come to know only after they destroy something drastically or we might not even aware such thing happened.
0 0 Sir, 1. Please do something to bring up the poor people to a higher level. 2. Please do something to avoid farmer's suicide. They are feeding India including the rich.       if they are screwed everyone will be screwed shortly.
0 0 Please issue an amendment that Article 30 of the Indian constitution shall *explicitly* apply to all religious communities, and not just minorities.  Religious freedom requires that every religious group be allowed to create and manage its religious establishments, subject to public order and laws.  Grant equal rights to all religious communities, independent of their share in the total population.  Namaste.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister As you know in most  of the schools, young girls are being raped. To avoid this we should have schools separately for girls and boys. Girls schools should be managed by all women including Principal, Teachers, staff etc vice-versa for boys. This is not an easy task. But we need to do something on this.
1 0 Namaste sir! Sir main yeh kehna chahta ki ap is  independence day par hamare samj me aarakshan bahut badhta ja rha h sir apap is system ko khtam krne ka koi idea nikaliye kyuki sir isase sirf ek dusre logo me vibhinatta paida ho rhi h aur sir ek bat aur samaj ke logo me manavta dheere dheere khatm ho rhi h koi kisi ki help nhi krta chachta h sir agar hamare man se insnaiyat khtam ho jyegi to insan hone ka mtlb hi khtam ho jyega.... Jai hind jai bharat..
0 0 Sir Point which I will be referring is very Sensitive But Fortunately Fact of Life and 100% Brings Awareness to Peoples Mind-set when came to know by all. So for creating Awareness , if not on 15th August than on some other Event /place 1)Research should be  done on  Standard of living , Lifestyle, Prosperity , Happiness Index  , Growth of  every Individual Human Being , Community, Entire Nation  of all  below 3 Types of People which exists in each of Religions, in different parts of World.
0 0 Sir, 1. We were getting petrol @ Rs. 80 when international price for crud oil was $ 140. Now the international price of crud oil is @ $55 or less. Why can't we give that benefit to people instead of increasing the tax? 2. Can we expect to get the black money in the foreign bank accounts as you promised before election? 3. The order from supreme court is "AADHAR CAN MAKE MANDATORY FOR GAS SUBSIDY & NOT FOR ANYTHING ELSE".Now for the provident fund (PF) accounts it is making mandatory. Why?
0 0 Swasth, Swach, Sushikshit, Sasyashyamal, S(w)adeshi, Surakshit Bharat should be our Goal. Swasth- Healthcare (have one Govt. funded EXCELLENT hospital per district) - NOT STARTED Swach - Already UNDERWAY Sushikshit - Skill Development - UNDERWAY Sayashyamal - Linking of Rivers - NOT STARTED Surakshit - Safe & Secure (including OROP) - UNDERWAY S(w)adeshi - Make In India - UNDERWAY Please address Healthcare (Swasth bharat) in a BIG way.Encourage people to become more Active.
1 0 Respected Sir , 1.My humble request to take suddenly action against rape.Please don't give any consideration for that people . 2. Please allow reservation on the basis of economic background of every person,please avoid reservation on religion ,caste basis...
0 0 Respected Sir, After few days of Independence Day, most part of India is going to celebrate Ganesha Festival. Daily I see lord Ganesha's Idols, which are under the some stages of their make up for the upcoming festive season. So, Please speak atleast few words about the celebrations with Gnesha Idols which are not colored with harmful and fancy colors. All these chemicals causes long term water pollution. Instead of buying these fancy Idols people can buy idols which are not painted.
0 0 During this time we all know that about GOOGLE'S new CEO mr.Sunder Pichai also MICEROSOFT'S mr.satya nadella . i want to tell you that every year so many students and young-minds are going out of India . if India want to be in superpower then it will really require brilliant & young-minds so if you can give speech about what India need from young-students then it will may be staring one path for students & possibly  hope for us. here words is limited so i cant write more about that. also
0 0 TO,Respected Priminister of India, By-RMSADISTRICT(ELEMENTARY) EDUCATION OFFICER , DIST-NAGAUR RAJASTHAN SUB-SUGGESTION FOR NEW EDUCATION POLICY-2015 ACCORDING TO MEETING ON DATED 04/08/2015 IN HONOUR DIST. COLLECTOR,NAGAUR AND MEMBERS OF DEO (ELEMENTARY) AND A.D.P.C (RMSA) DIST-NAGAUR AND OTHER OFFICERS OF EDU. DEPARTMENT. THERE ARE FOLLOWING SUGGESTION IS GIVEN BY MEMBERS AND REPORT IS UPLOADED IN YOUR RESPECT. Dist. Collector Nagaur, MR. RAJAN VISHAL HELD MEETING ON 04-08-15 AT DIST LEVEL
0 0 Less than 1% of Indian youths are studying in IITs/NITS. IITS/NITS cannot provide education to all students. 'The best brains of the nation may be found on the last benches of the classroom. Govt should give more concentration on the education of students staying in our villages and remote  areas of the country. Govt can start State institute of Technology in each and every district to provide better education to all students. Proper funding should be given to all govt institutes not IITS.
0 0 I have my suggestion for GDP growth, environment improvement and education reforms.  Added that as a pdf document.
0 0 Also please bring one india one road tax across india like GST
0 0 please increase salary of nurses in health sector now they are getting only Rs 3000 per month 16 years duty ,no weekly off !!! Need to do something for that Also current judicial system is very very slow process Judiciary need a total revamp bring more laws to eliminate corruption lot of people are job less,UPSC./state PSC are not filling veccancies in time and unemployment is still high Ensure labours are getting good salary and prevent exploitation by employers
0 0 Honarable Respectable PM Modi Sir, My Simple humble request to PM is to Speech Like now the time for Indians Unity,strength & Glory to show this world has no nation can do nothing without India within the next 5 years .  WE All are Indians not separated us or discriminated people from their Majority,minority,caste,colour,religion,location,Language,Politics,wealth,health,popularity and Power
0 0 Dear Sir, I feel the most basic and first problem to be attended is the uplift of poor and to minimize the gap between rich and poor.
1 0 Sir Kindly make some very strict laws for clean India. It is a matter of shame that we need strict laws for clean india........ but it is bitter truth that we need the same. A clean india is our dream.
0 0 Sir, Pl convey strict instructions to strictly implement Dopt instructions providing posting of husband and wife in the same stations if the spouse is working in Central Govt/State Govt or Central PSU's, as some central PSU's are paying scant respect to the said OM issued by Dopt vide F.NO. 28034/9/2009 Dated 30.9.2009.  The family life  as well as the welfare of children are adversely affected because of the non-adherence of the said instructions.  Hoping for this announcement on 15th August.
0 0 good morning
0 0 Respected PM, Kindly Speak about Topics like... 1. Abolishing of Terrorism. 2. Avoidance of public Holidays in the  Death of respected Personalities. 3. Control over  Unwanted Strikes And Hartals.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please try to start a new agriculture revolution in India in coordination with the ministry of agriculture. Start vegetable cultivation in all state depends on the weather condition of each state. Also make it mandatory from school levels to start learning agriculture. Which leads our nation to be independent to other nations for importing food items and this will obviously reduce the inflation rate.Please provide a circular to all punchayat to make it mandatory and should monitor it.
0 0 Respected pm, 1.revise the policies of individual sports. 2.only SHOOTING is only sport which is giving back to back medals in last three olympics. but there is only four international ranges in india. but only two ranges are avialabel for practice one in delhi and 2nd in pune. 3.the shooting range opened in ranchi IN 2011 NATIONAL GAMES.After these national games there was not a single comipition held in such a international level range. we could'nt use our best we havedue to govt.polices
0 0 Our Nation 15th Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi Sir... Sir I am Small With Age & With Status.. but I told and focus on three Big topic of our nation... Sir 1st topic from my side is for Youth...bcuz I m just 22 year old..that I come from this side.. So Our Nation Youth Going on Wrong Side..Youth take alcohol & drugs..In Punjab State 80% Youth take Alcohol & Drugs..Today in Gujarat State..The Study Hub City Vidhyanagar(Anand)...the 95% girls & boys take alcohol & drugs..that this is big problem for our country.. sir you told 21st Century is India Century.. but this possible with our nation youth..our youth take drugs & alcohol that this not possible..please Sir You told from Red fort to nation youth.. You left this alcohol & drugs.. Sir the 2nd topic of our nation is Terrorism..please sir one time you told from red fort and under of our nation flag to Pakistan.. this is the last warning ..you broken our rules...than after our nation Army Learn in Your Style.. Sir the 3rd topic is base on your dream project for our nation poor & porter people.. Sir your dream is you make house for each an every poor & porter people on his today residence land..Sir I have idea for this project..you told from red fort to our country big temple like as tirupati balaji,sai temple,siddhivinayak temple,kashivishwnath temple,and swaminarayan sampradaya have 800 lakhs cr ..that some rupees give for poor people project..the swaminarayan and other temple are made in 100 to 500 acre..this land and money used for make house for poor and porter that government have no extra budget for this project..this is possible by only you sir...this possible that in 2022 India have no slum area..Sir your dream become true... Sir Many Many Happy Independence Day...Jay Hind..
0 0 Namste sir g me chata hun ki ap is bar sabse pehle apne desh ki sabhi partiyon ke bare me bolen ki jab tak sabhi partiyan milkar age nai badegi ham unnati ki or kese ja sakte he ap ache kam ki suruwat karte he sir or  enviroment b bahut jyada gadbad hote ja raha he air condesner freej ko ke use ko kam karne ka bolie hamari ozone layer thin hote ja rahi he  or sir trains me chote chote bachhe pet bharne ke lie kya kya karte he unke lie b koi yojna chalai jae
0 0 Namste sir g me chata hun ki ap is bar sabse pehle apne desh ki sabhi partiyon ke bare me bolen ki jab tak sabhi partiyan milkar age nai badegi ham unnati ki or kese ja sakte he ap ache kam ki suruwat karte he to doosri party ko acha nai lagta sir or  enviroment b bahut jyada gadbad hote ja raha he air condesner freej ko ke use ko kam karne ka bolie hamari ozone layer thin hote ja rahi he  or sir trains me chote chote bachhe pet bharne ke lie kya kya karte he unke lie b koi yojna chalai jae
1 0 Stop child begging in India by making law. Provide shelters, food, job oriented training for them in govt rescue homes. With the help of police forces, govt agencies, NGOs govt can workout a solution for stopping child begging. For their living govt can collect fund by increasing penalty for petty cases, traffic and railway violations etc, increasing taxes of liquor, tobacco etc.
0 0 Our Prime Minister, i have few points to mentions which are directly and indirectly can provide a path for an independent as well as strong India. I have added the Pdf file of my letter to you. JAI HIND
1 0 Honorable PM Modi sir, The schemes introduced by your government is not useful for middleclass people, farmers and students.The farmers are getting difficult to get loan that must be changed by modifying the current system.Industries are important but we can't eat that produts produced from that industries so plz concentrate more in agriculture development.The actions against corruption is bad which affects the employement of youngsters so plz concentrate on these to make our awesome country..
1 0 Dear PM, request to take necessary steps to abolish caste based reservations and introduce reservations basis the income.. Poor in the country should get the benefits.
0 0 do some thing for the heavy compound interest for the bank loans
0 0 Mr Modi ji, We want india to be a developed nation as soon as possible.Read somewhere, when we got independence, someone  suggested rich men to provide financial help to poor men, but no rich was agreed that time. Now the time came to request every indian to take the initiative , understand the responsibility and just take care of  at least one poor man. I feel this can make a huge change in india.
0 2 dear sir , sir i request please give me speesh for contitutation and complain for solution realy speed fast . aadalat cashe is not long is shortly time period . thanks
1 0 If a person joins Govt after due higher education, then 33 years period is more than sufficient to 60 year age for retirement.  People, who joined just after basic degree and who have completed 33 years or going to complete shortly, have drawn Govt salary for 33 years.  If they retire now, many job opportunities would be there for youth India.
0 0 dear modiji Please address about; 1) make a provision for reservation of poor(BPL) PEOPLE FROM MAJORITY CLASS 2) vision 2018 guarantied minimum education for all people 3) fix minimum salary in a private firm 4) self employment for poor people 5) free bullet jack for all peoples lining in pack boundary 6) about development of road especially in kerala. 7) martial arts for all students ( mainly girls) 8) very year prime minister visit each state and make an adalath for solvingcomplai
0 0 1. Please with draw the gas subsidy of all citizens, whose monthly income is more than One lakh rupees. 2. Provide Free medical support for all senior citizens
1 0 Dear Sir, My request is please give more security to girl child with free education or reduction in fees in all the colleges till the highest degree she studies in India. The scheme you brought i.e., sukanya samrudhi is the best one. Similarly, We would appreciate if you bring any other scheme related to beti padai yojana, so that a poor girl child of our mother land gets right to educate at any school or college right from her childhood. Thank You
0 0 Announce plan to create 'udyogpati in each of 25 crore indian families' as by entrepreneurship and business only, jobs can be created, as few 'sarkari jobs' cannot absorb yearly crop of educated youth coming out of defective macaulay system. Link pay hike of pay-commission with department-wise efforts to reforms laws, rules, procedure in that department. We have 14 lakh companies,let us dream for 25 crore companies,one in each family. Change m/o corporate-affairs into m/o business facilitation.
0 0 Most of the students studying in govt schools are very poor, to support their living, we can consider to start job oriented education (part time study, part time job in the school campus by providing them training on handicrafts, electronics, agriculture etc). This will help them to become good entrepreneurs, good leaders etc
1 0 i like to invite ur atention to cogenital diseases(by birth,not by infants fault).curent scenario is not ready tackle  a such alarming no. of cases.  surgry cost huge money and parnts cant make out in shot peroid. unfortunately, i had to xperince such a case in sct,trivandrum.v r adivced to wait fr 1.5 yrs ;long queue but her conditn worsens and hav a emergncy one. hav a lot of terible xperinces. plese enhance capacity of such hospitls.make spcl fund (csr or cess on incme tax). all wil welcme it
0 0 Dear Sir, Thank you for such a great initiative of crowd sourcing. My suggestion would be 1) When we talk about development we also need to take some action on how to protect our environment. 2) In Kozhikode Kerala, an initiative called Operation Sulaimani was started providing free food for most deserved. Can we start a pilot phase in some selected districts 3) Some measures on decreasing the increasing trend of road accidents.
1 0 Dear dear Modi Ji, I'm a huge fan of yours. My suggestion is to change the name of Independence Day to something like National Day may be? Because, the word independence comes out of dependence. Mother India and her children were never dependent on anyone that we are now independent. On the contrary, the foreign invaders were the ones who were dependent, and now independent of India. You see what I'm saying...? I shall write to you whenever I think I have a good idea. Thanks and regards,
1 0 Sir Here in primary education children’s are getting different standard like state, cbse, icse. Why should make it a one standard of educational system for all India.
0 0 also provide medical support to all students of govt schools (like monthly visit of doctors in schools) to provide medical help to the required students especially growing girl students to clear their doubts
1 0 creating Regular Disturbance in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha at the cost of TAX payers, is a symbol of anti- nationalism. so eventually they are enemy of the state.
1 0 Dear sir, thank you for your grat initiative, Please consider the below mentioned points. 1.  provide food, necessary proteins etc for pregnant woman through ration stores based on ration card.aadhar card. Also provide  baby food, baby care items like diapers etc through ration shops to the baby girl family. Provide free medical treatment/support for all the children below 16 years (like free education).
0 0 Share your views on water harvesting system in the entire country, as NASA has already warned that India ground water level is decreasing very fast. http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/india_water.html
1 0 Golda Meir Ex-Prime Minister of Israel said once in her speech Keep the enemy busy fighting within themselves and you will have peace at your home, the left over can be cleared at minimal cost. This applies to all our LOK SABHA AND RAJYA SABHA
4 0 Dear Modiji, You are aware that lot of farmers are committing suicide day by day and there are various reasons have been offered to explain why farmers commit suicide in India, including: drought, debt, use of genetically modified seed, public health and government economic policies. Please help the framers and support them. Within a decade our population will be 2 billion, Without FOOD and WATER we cannot live. Please to do necessary step for our future.
0 0 Respected PM of India, Please address about 1.make zero houseless people 2.share the importance of Digital India program to public 3.Through Swaccha Bhaarat Abhiyaan by providing Green toilets in cities and rural areas immediately. 4.Clean india and green india
1 0 Sir The CST and KGST department are now a days very corrupted, Instead of trying to help the  people they are trying to trap the traders. These department should be helpful to the people and help to do a trustful and a truthful way. If possible please include a suggestion how these departments can be helpful for the people.
0 0 PM Mr Modi Sir I do not think u r d right soul 2 ascent d adorable ramparts of Red Fort. Many of ur speeches u uttered BACCHE DESH KE BHAVIS HAI only speeches no action. Priority sector EDUCATION lacked ur attention many capable students able 4 higher education & cn clout incredible growth next generation capable female students r thrown 2 grind between family & tandoor, they r left behind just 4 SAKE PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES PM Mr MODI do u have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA SPEECH
0 0 Resp PM Sir, I wish your attention towards sports this year. Children don't get facilities at their start. Many association based and paper problems abstain them from available facilities. Even single facility of free movement for tournaments will give result. Disclaimer-I am an UDC in Co-op Dept.Bihar Govt & father of a 10yr old daughter, who is student at St. Michael High School, Patna. She is Playing Tennis for last 3Yrs, was a member of Bihar U-14 School Team at Last SGFI. AITA NO.422034
0 0 Dear Pradhanmandhriji, My views regarding your leadership is well and good. The thing that is concerning me is regarding the well being of the poor. I am willing to come and meet you to discuss the matter with you if you allow. Thank you for the services you are doing to the people of India from a common citizen a big salute to you sir... Jay Hind....
0 0 Dear Sir, Thanks you have supported on twitter to sushma jee,Only two days left and give your speech like Vivekananda , ho Ki public mantra mug d ho jaye.We hope you give energetic speech on 15th Aug and awaiting your speech by me and all Indians.
0 0 Dear modiji please implement skill development from 5 th standard middle school at least one hour a day or week so that teachers or parents will know the true interest of kid and they can take it further for ex like basic computer coding Android app development audrino boards robotics
0 0 Sir, our, 20th Tali & Pipsorang constituency is one of the world backward constituency, road and electricity, connectivity only distant dreams of people. so your kindness may take necessary action so that we oblige you forever
1 0 Dear PM sir, My request to u is that, u should continue your efforts in accelerating  growth... millions of precious youth force in india should find job they deserve. we are growing fast, we need good industry oriented education & finally good job when we are ready to work.If we get that, we can put our country in the top of the world...India should be manufacturing hub of the world...Sir, if possible write off all educational loans of poor the country,they take loans for studying.Jai Hind.
0 0 Dear Modiji, Its truly a great idea to involve public and their views during your Independence day speech. My humble request to you is to make sure that Kids are safe in our wonderful country. Also, request you to start a program where needy (especially on food) are well served. There are huge number of people who wants to contribute to it. I am one among them. Thank you!
0 0 1.steps to make the parliament functions effectively. 2.creation of E- Libraries 3.steps to make the people aware about the laws in the nation. 4.steps for zero houseless people 5.strengthening the anti corruption activities
0 0 Hello modiji aapse se isswatantrata diwas par request h ki pakistani terrorist jo indian army and indian people ko lagatar paresan kar rhe h abhi bite dino punjab and udhampur me terror wali ghatna hui h uske prati kathor kadam uthaya jaye
0 0 The Hon'ble Prime Minister of India is humbly requested to announce in his Independence Day speech on Aug 15th 2015 programmes for Indian farmers  in the similar lines of Make In India programme to save the 60% of the Indian farmers from the crisis to take forward the growth of India
0 0 Mu humble request to mr..pm modi sir Please jo children road p ghoom rahe h ..ot bheekh magte h.. Khi bhi sote hai..kuch bhi krte hai... Unke liye boliye kuch or koi strict plan leke aaiye.. Kariye kuch jo follow ho.  . Abhi tk to nhi hua aapse ummeed h...aise kitnebachche h.. Jo school nhi jate ..janbhoojkr nhi gareebi k karan.. Apni majboori k karan. Mne dekha h or feel bhi kiya h..m to shayd  kch kr skta bt m berojgar hu. ..aapse ummeed h ... Kya pta in bachcho m kaun next kalam..ya next pm
1 0 jai chanayk-jai patel. plz modi ji, 15th August ko class 1-8 tak k baccho ko nihshulk copies ki policy layer. very small logo gov jaruri har page par, taki market me na bike.
0 0 Voters expectation is that Mps will use debates to get their view.As voters we demand that all MPs and MLAs and speakers must sit in cabins with appropriate electonic facilities and the cabin to work when door closed;speaker to have all controls to shut a microphone etc ;I want my right that my MP uses debate effectively as the instrument ; his time in Parliament should be also logged in;as a voter i want control over my representative;that he does what I want him spend time accordingly
0 0 #15th August Ho'ble PM, There is an important aspect that we should emphasize on. Punctuality. People must respect others' time. For example, if a parliamentary session of 200 members is scheduled to be held at 10 am and 1 member comes at 10:01 am, then we lose 200 mins, i.e 3 hrs and 20 mins. OMG!! So my view is like ''Clean India'', We should have a vision for a ''PUNCTUAL INDIA''.I'm sure, this move will boost our respect globally and contribute towards economic development. Jai Hind
0 0 sir jo desh ke liye shaheed hogye hai unki family ko acha backup do koi poltics na ho unki family ke sath.hamare national hero bhagat ji aur azzad ji in sare heroes koshaheed ka darza do aur inki kurbani ke bare mein bolo aur in sabke din national holiday hona chahiye.plz sir garib aur middle class k logo ko ish independence day pe salry ka kuch badwaye aur desh ke vikash ke liye kuch strong kadam uthaye aap future ke liye kehte ho mgr hamari desh ki janta present me belive krti hai jai ho.
0 0 Sir,my humble suggestion for you is to express your ideas to handle the unemployment.Especially in the Engineering the numbers of the students coming out in every year is high.so you just clarify that what you are going do too solve this problem and sir what will be your next steps for the youth of this country..for those who also follows you as an inspiration..
0 0 Sir,my humble suggestion for you is to express your ideas to handle the unemployment.Especially in the Engineering the numbers of the students coming out in every year is high.so you just clarify that what you are going do too solve this problem. And also give clarifications about government Digital India program.
0 0 Mr. PM Sir, I would like you to please talk of 'Indian Value System', its relevance, context, and significance of it in today's World. How we are loosing bit by bit and the consequences of it on current generation and impact on future generations. I would think, ill elements like Terrorism, growing imbalance in youth's mind, ... is also a reflection of this change happening. We shall prevent n protect it, before it is too late with no return or tough return. +919810507655, sudagg@gmail.com
1 0 Sir,it is indeed a painful paradox that the people who feed this nation are themselves left with no food.So,this is indeed the right time for the clarion call to the youth of the nation.."GAO CHALO, KISAN SE MILO".thank you for this brilliant and unprecedented oppurtunity given to the people of this nation by the honourable Prime Minister.Sir,you indeed lead by example.
0 0 Sir, in continuation...since the government is already formulating an agriculture insurance policy, a NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY may also be declared apart from the KISAN DIVS being celebrated in december.On this day the intelligentia can contribute novel techniques in the kisan channel and urban population can be encouraged to spend time with their rural counterparts the farmers themselves.This would indeed bring about a sea change in peoples attitudes toward farmers.
0 0 Since its beginning, Indian Railways has been distributing human toilet waste through its trains all over the country at the expense of Bharat Sarkaar. Being the biggest railway network, it can contribute a lot for Our Country's Swaccha Bhaarat Abhiyaan by providing Green toilets in its trains immediately. No other PMs have the courage to implement this. Please compare with the other railway networks of the world when you visit developed/developing countries.
0 0 Dear Sir,my humble suggestion is for you to galvanise the nation with the slogan 'GAO CHALO,KISAN SE MILO'.This will create an awareness in the urban population regarding the dire straits of the farmers.Field trips can be organised for school children to visit farmers in their fields on KISAN DIVAS for them to get a first hand view of farming and its problems.This will cultivate in them a scientific temper for future research in agriclture.
0 0 Please request citizens to avoid throwing the mini-flags on the ground to be stepped on. They may instead collect them and make creative posters out of them. Thank you. Jai Hind.
0 0 AUGUST 15 TH 2015 This speak wants to must more important for public welfare of india all public will get very reachable price of food items of everybody get every were in india.                                                        Farmers are eye for nation                                   & FARMERS ARE SIBLINGS  GOD and  GOVERNMENTS CHILD'S   &    SPINAL CORDS
0 0 FARMERS FAMILY 24HRX365DAYS WORKING FOR NATION . BUT FARMERS FAMILY'S NOT WELL NOW WHY ? FARMERS INVESTMENT ONLY FOR FOOD PRODUCTION.THE PUBLIC ARE ENJOY HAPPILY AND TASTE FARMERS INVESTMENT.BUT FARMERS FOOD PRODUCTION INVESTMENT NOT COME TO THEIR HAND GET LOSSES ONLY NOW DAYS FARMERS FAMILY IS VERY POOR AND GET MORE DIFFICULTY.SO GOVT GIVE FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS SIDE MUST.FARMERS LOSSES ONLY NATIONAL LOSSES SO FARMERS LOSES GIVE HELP TO FARMERS BANK LOANS FULLY CANCEL THE  AUGUST 15TH2015
0 0 We, small NRIs, invest our hard earned money in a house in India.  When we come back to live in that house, we find some other person owns the house.  On investigation we find the persons involved are connected with land mafia who forged the documents, impersonating themselves as us making fake identity etc.  The judiciary takes at least 4 to 5 years for final verdicts. This causes max. mental agony. Kindly put these cases on fast-track and expedite it in a year maximum.
0 0 AUGUST 15 TH 2015 This speak wants to must more important for public welfare of india all public will get very reachable price of food items of everybody get every were in india.FARMERS 24HRX365DAYS WORKING FOR NATION . BUT FARMERS FAMILY NOT WELL NOW WHY ? FARMERS INVESTMENT ONLY FOR FOOD PRODUCTION.THE                                              Farmers are eye for nation                                   & FARMERS ARE SIBLINGS GOD and GOVERNMENTS CHILD'S &    SPINAL CORDS
0 0 Dear Modi ji, I would like to raise a big issue in kerala and some other states, As when the petrol and diesel price increases,the bus charge and auto charge,taxi charge also increases,But When the petrol and diesel price decreases the same Taxi,Bus ,Auto charges not decreasing appropriately. So that the Peoples are not getting the real benefit of price drop for petrol and diesel. No any govt will not take any action against this . Kindly look into this issue at the earliest.
1 0 1-To announce from Red fort- Start a fund /donation fund from Citizens for the welfare of INDIAN security forces- the main aim is not only for collection of funds but create a environment of national integration and concerns among citizens, feeling proud for being Indian.
0 0 #15August 1)3 Star n above hotels need to have compulsory tie up with Child Helpline plus local Orphanage/Old Age Homes to avoid food wastage. 2)All online products or retail products sold in India should have tagline as "Made in India" or "Imported" (before purchase) to increase awareness in people. 3)Flash list of products imported in India and our small scale/industries should get support to prepare those products with same or better quality at cheaper rates in India.
0 0 Dear Sir, Often I heard army is dealing with shortage of army officers. I would request to have army recruiting kiosk in every city malls or happening place of towns so that more and more people can get information on how to join army, what all details needed. I hope it would advertise army as well as inspire more young people to join army.
0 0 China agar manufacturing me aage he to hume un samano ki lambi list banani hoti Jo import hoti he, un sabhi products ki list logo ke samne rakhi jaaye aur wo sab cheeze bharat me same ya better quality me banega to hume import nahi karna hoga. Similarly Agriculture me acchi technology se pure world ko hum Anaj mehenge daam pe export karke uska benefit kisan tak pahuchayenge to humare desh ka accha Vikas hoga. Hume Agriculture ke saath saath manufacturing me sabse aage niklna he. Jai Hind..
0 0 Namaskar, Modiji Meri request he apse ki bharat me jitne bhi hotels chal rahe he un sabhi ko circular bheja jaaye ki end of day Jo khana Bach jata he (juthan ke alawa) use dust bin me daalne ke badle Anath Ashram ya child helpline to de diya jaaye taki food wastage kam se kam ho. Maine 4 to 5 star hotels me bohot food items ki wastage dekhi he. Agar hamare desh ka har hotel minimum ek Anath Ashram, Vrindhh Ashram se tie up karle to koi bhookha nahi soyega. Jai Hind...
0 0 Fantastic achievements! After 100% Banking account coverage, 100% toilet coverage in schools. Target for 26 January could be 100% treated bore well/ piped drinking water availability coverage at all the primary schools/ or Anganwadi centers.  This will ensure that all habitations will get clean drinking water availability within a reasonable distance.
0 0 Namaskar, pm sir ki speech me is bar nagar nigam ke liye kuch shabd hone chahiye kunki saare abhiyaan ki shruaat yahi se hoti hai...or jab tak disciplin nahi hoga tab tak...bht musqiil hoga "BIN BHEY HO NA PREET"jab nagar nigam kam krne lage ga to pure desh ko kai samasya se azadi milege....
1 0 Sir, I am not an economist. But thinks that 1. Double the Taxes of luxury and reduce taxes of necessary items will help us not to become poorer. 2. Make compulsory health insurance and give free advanced treatment to all (Like other country) 3. Give more importance to micro finance to improve self employment. 4. Implement more QC agencies to ensure the quality product and services. 5. Enhance our police with most modern technology. Thank you.
0 0 I want to my PM who is a great leader,a phenomenal speaker and visionary and after all a great human being to speak on 15th auguest the following issues.. 1)primary education in govt. schools-education is backbone of country development.untill and unless primary education systenm of our country improves and people will start prefer govt. school to private schools our country will not develope.if we want to change the life of poor farmers or poor labours etc..we have to improve our govt. schools
0 0 Key National Projects like building a fighter jet, a nuclear sub, an automatic rifle, making a breakthrough on fusion/thorium nuclear energy, or clean energy, could be announced and CEOs could be appointed along the lines of the Delhi Metro / Space Commission, for executing these strategically important projects, with goal of indigenisation and full employment.
0 0 Avoid Point of return rule to Flights landing or passing through India. (Now any flight landing in India has to return to the destination it has started). Do not loose millions of business opportunities to save AIR INDIA. Avoid kabotash rule in Indian shipping. Let Indian port grow to international standard. Allow full convertibility to Indian rupees. (Sky will not fall down, with out that also Indian rupees fallen 6/usd to 60/usd in 40 years) Abolish Tax on import gold.
0 0 www.voteran.com This is our contribution to Make In India launching on 15th August Thanks
0 0 "5min for my India" "samarpan bhavna" Ask not what u cn do for your country,ask what u cn do fr your country. (appeal to people,everyday 5min think,how can you contribute to ur country?)
0 0 Sir every educated youth in the country will hear your speech. Request please try to articulate how and what exactly you plan to do for India to take it to the next level; please be specific. The wishlist need not be long but should be specific such that people could visualise what you intend to do
0 0 It's heart sinking whn we hear such news of jawan(asset to country)dies.Plz giv 2min national silence,to our soldier's.
0 0 Respected PM of India I want that you mention some point in your speech which I write below 1) please tell to all upperclass and educated person to support the swach bharta abhiyan because people who are poor work extremely good but upperclass educated person make their house clean but dispose their wast very improper ways and mask city dirty other vise you are unable to clean India till 2050. 2) tell your MP to do not give wast statements to media they decrease their reputation thanks
0 0 Respected PM of India, Please address about 1) Primary Education: To make India 100% literate 2) Medical Research : To make medicine India for all disease 3) Higher education : Now only 8% of people have degree or above,To make it at least 50% 4) Infra structure Development : building metro rail in each cities, reconstruct very old railway bridges, improving safty in railway, new airports , new planed cities, Best regards Akhilesh Parol
0 0 Respected PM of India, Please address about 1.)lapsing central funds by state govts.and audit it. 2.) effective mechanism  to track  missing children  literally ASAP and bust such networks -how painful it will be for the parents!
0 0 Respected PM, I would request you to talk on two most basic environments that are fundamental to human society at large, the family environment and the natural environment. For it is the family environment that we are brought up decides what kind of person we would become in the future. It is essential and central to not only a happy and healthy life but also to a prosperous society. And next, about the mother earth for it is from the nature that we derive everything.
0 0 Honorable PM, Lets focus on Education. India's potential is its human resource. Future of our country depends on how we train our youth. It is sad reality that we are not able to provide affordable higher education to our youth. Taking into consideration the financial difficulties of the Govt. to invest in higher education, an effort should be taken to bring primer institutes like Oxford, Cambridge, MIT etc to India. Different middle-east countries have implemented.
0 0 Dear PM, rain water can't save by our government. new schemes to save rain water. people and government co-operative system for water management. Again we want GREEN REVOLUTION Clean india and green india. every one plant trees and if a photo taken from satelite it will show green india. in villages no frog sound, butterflies, small birds. scheme to increse frog, butterflies, small birds. scheme to produce EARTH WORM in villages and in cities. people to give respect to our monsoon lord.
0 0 sir, 15 August pe aap her yuva ko ek pagam do ki apne house ke aas paas me ek vrukh(Tree) apne naam pe kar de aur use bada karne ki jimedari lele aur her roj use tree ko 2 se 3 litter pani dena suru kare sir aapki ek aavaj hi kafi he dekho fir aane vale 5 saal me kitne tree bade ho jayege aur bus her mahine is bat ko yaad delate rahena.JAY HIND
0 0 dear sir,on 15th august pls. talk about changes in education system of india and also about the condition of goverment school.thnx.jai hind jai bharat.
0 0 sir meri aapse request he ki aaj log tirange ko maan sanman dena bhul gaye he to 15 Augest pe tiranga ke uper desh vasiyo ko batana ki tiranga apne liye jaan se bhi pyara hona chaiye
0 0 Please  boost the moral of  a  people affected by recent flood hits . Please  give new Sewa opportunities to  jobless  youth with  certain special skills to build roadside urinal for  ladies and gents. Let it be an incentive program for 1 year .
0 0 My dear Sir , I  am working abroad since 15 yrs in Gulf. I feel proud to see you with the bust of new ideology and thoughts. SIR I  have a humble request not to address Pakistan any were in your speech of 15 August  . It will be hurt both sides. Let the defence take the due course to reply the periodic violation made by Pakistan. We a vigilance nation and shall not waste time in making a political issue  but will reply tit  for tat  for the lose of  each of my friend Jawan.  JAI Hind Mata
2 0 Sir. In our nation police has not been the friend of the people. Someone with contacts(which a lot of people have in their cities) can get away from police and law. Police sometimes refuse to even register a case. So A federal investigation agency which can work parallely with police and is not controlled by people with contacts should be made in line with fbi of usa.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, I watched a movie today named Swadesh. It is such a kind of movie which has power to rise sunshine in the heart of any Indian to serve our Bharat Mata. As you have visited many countries in past one year and in all your journey, one of your motto is to attract NRI. I can challenge, this movie can make your ambition ture. Sir please watch this movie once at least and suggest all Indian and NRI to do so.. Regards, Sonu Kumar
0 0 Strong worded message to Pakistan on cross border terrorism & some cheerful news for army such as announcement of "one rank one  pension" which is being made unnecessary issue in some quarters of late.
0 0 Labour law must be modified immediately. In EPF & MP Act 1952 the Authorities of EPFO misusing the judicial powers vested in Section 7A of the PF Act. It also badly affected industrial growth. Please issue necessary guidelines and also got it investigated from Delhi PF offices.
2 0 Dear Modiji, 1. There is only one single IIST-Indian Institute of Space Technology in India at Thiruvananthapuram under ISRO. We can start new IISTs at Ahmedabad, Banglore and Delhi under ISRO, for more benefits for students and better accesibility of space education. 2. Establish Indian Institutes of Envirionmental Management for promoting environmental education and awareness. Jai Hind!
0 0 your government have taken many good actions such as Swatch Bharat abhiyan,inflation control,make in india, railways,better ties with other countries .Indians standard of life can not be significantly improved by just by higher GDP.we are 125 crore people and growing daily & surpass china in coming days.No significant improvement will be felt in the life of common person unless we revisit our policy on population control.This issue should be debated in public.
0 0 Sir,Every year on this day PM speaks of the achievements and future plans coming up for the country,along with remembering the martyrs who laid their life for the country.This year if had add a paragraph to describe the ideals of peoples' President honorable late Sir  Mr.Kalam and his belief in the youth,it would definitely inspire many lives.
0 0 1)Bring awareness in people to protect our environment by saying,avoid cars when you are moving single.Avoid vehicles for short distances.Govt should become part in planting trees and also caring them until they grow.Developed india needs good environment too.If we take care environment along with development then we won't get any problems.eg:irrespective seasons,either more rainfall or under rainfall etc. 2)farmers suicides. 3)About rich people not to use policies which are kept for poor.
0 0 Respected PM, 1. The need for waking up early by 5 and do exercise ( esp for urban and students) . Let this year be the year of better mental health and physical health. It is well known that this single step can improve productivity of nation by 100 times. 2. The importance of reading ( not just textbooks but all kinds of books ) & more importantly, the need for improving libraries and creating a culture of reading throughout the country ( Example of Germany)
0 0 Dear PM Sir Kindly state something , What steps your govt. will be take for this current situation in parliament.
0 0 Dear P M Sir Pls say something about youth employment . In the running scenario , whatever seats opening in private organisation as well as public organisation is not enough in comparison to qualified students and it is increasing year after years , Kindly do something so that this ratio will become decrease.
1 0 Sir, Way back in 2003, while addressing Ind. Day, our former PM Vajpayee had announced the commencement of starting a new TV channel called KRISHI DARSHAN. In a similar way, hereby request hon'ble PM to start a new channel called TTV-Tourism TV, exclusively devoted for promotion of Incredible India/Tourism. It can be modelled on Nat.Geography/Discovery&can help to promote known/unknown,famous/not so famous, major/minor tourist spots 2 every home in our country,vide PDF file 4 details
0 0 I would like to hear about how the government plans to end the reservation system as now it has been almost 70 years.
0 0 Respected PM , Please ,Say to our very intellectual youth,that do the best in their nation worth work in a healthy competition way ,don't erase any one's compitition line with jealous or unhealthy competition practice, BE HONEST WITH OURSELVES,because our nation also need GOOD ETHICS IN YOUTH. It provide automatically self confidence in our progressive youth. 15AUGUST KI SHUBHAKAMNAYE
1 0 Feed the Whole world is the agenda and the message to our nation and to the whole-world. Find a way to live in Mars, we will send Mangalyan and deliver the food.
0 0 India treats celebrities more than humans, how about those super humans talking up one issue/ development plan and trend it. Let's say... Rajanikanth taking a pledge of following traffic rules and promoting it - his fans and followers will.
0 0 Dear Sir, You will anyway speak about development and welfare; of our country and the world. Please spare one moment to urge our citizens to avoid road rage and to respect the strangers on the road. Please ask our citizens to get a health insurance done. Please ask our students to do genuine research. Please ask our employees to help our citizens for just one year whole-heartedly. Please ask everyone to spread the fragrance of goodness, kindness and love.
0 0 Sir, Kindly while you give your speech stress more on social development of all community ,caste and religion. P.S:- it seems greedy vultures are circling our great nation from inside as well outside to consume the great cultures,traditions and religions of our great mother nation.
0 0 Swach bharat abhiyaan mein mujhe lagata hai sirf kuch log hi interested hai mera manana hai har ghar k bahar ek bin rakhe jo baad mein muncipality wale aake collect kare roz toh kaisa rahega . Maine Italy mein notice kiya wahan disposable garbage alag bin mein non disposable alag bin mein and wet garabage like sabji aur unke chillke alag bin mein dalte hai jo baad mein bahar rakhe us common bin se collect kiya jaaye aur streets par bhi wahan khuch kadaamo par garbage bin hai
0 0 Sir announce Education for All scheme for one time payment say Rs.1000 when child is in standard 5th General Insurance companies through master policy cover all BPL family children for provide Books ,tuition fees from standard 12 th onwards till degree course to make them properly educated for their bright future.Sabko Siksha Abhiyan! Skilled India!
0 0 Demand for home grown/ made products can be raised only by consuming them. Promote products made in India. Jaihind!
0 0 Sir, I suggest that you may ask for public opinion for e voting in order to increase voting percentage & to avoid fake voting. If financial transaction could successfully done online why not vote casting? Voter id should be linked with Aadhar Card or Voter id should have biometric. After verification of finger print the voter should be allowed to caste vote online & same system may be done at polling booth. This would eliminate fake voting. Please consider my suggestion.
0 0 Dear Hon. PM Shri Narendra Modiji, please include job and career oriented IT practical education in Schools/Colleges from Preprimary-PhD level done excellently by us to impart very useful latest, best IT knowledge. For Example, I, Narendra Shah, have taught more than 1 Million (10 Lakh) Students in last 25 years in Mumbai and Kutch and even doing it from USA and have been global pioneer in IT education in different languages, Display Sharing, 2 year old students, Internet based, etc.
1 0 As the President of United Farmers Empowerment Initiative-UFEI, I bring to the notice of our PM the recommendations by Dr.M.S.SWAMINATHAN COMMISION the report of which was submitted several years back to the Parliament.One of the important recommendations was to RENAME THE MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE AS MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE &FARMERS WELFARE, under which all farmer welfare related issues should come.This is the best way to take care of our farmers who are under distress condition.RAVICHANDRAN,UFEI
0 0 Respected Modi Sir, If we want to develop our country then Government must have to give equal opportunity to all people so please sir it's my request to you please stop the reservation system and give equal rights to all people specially in education and employment. Generally it happened, when scholar student from general category who got 85% didn't get  admission in MBBS but a reservation category student got 60% then he/she easily got admission in MBBS.It's my request please think about that.
0 0 Sir introduce social security mediclaim Yojana at lower Contr of Rs 100 through General Insurance companies to provide cashless medical treatment up to Rs 2 lacs to needy people for chronic diseases to senior Citizen of Rural and semi urban area covering all BPL families.Implement it through simple forms and through Bank account only. The money to be paid to hospitals providing treatment directly to their Bank account for services rendered.special identification no to be provided to beneficiery
0 0 Dear sir, This is an idea given by a doctor,besides your dream of smart city,we should take some villages to convert as ideal village.This task to be given to banks,lions club,IT ,pharmaceutical,corporate companies,because they are making huge profits ,let them spend for it.Ideal village should be a self dependent.water by well,ponds.rain.Power by solar.Gas by wastege. hospital,school,banks,etc.wide connecting road to city,planned house construction,drainage,agriculture.city people shift to vill
0 0 Respected Honorable Narendra Modi Sir, I Rina Rakesh Chotaliya one of your citizen, sending /posting one of video song LINK on our peaceful India This Song has been written and sung by my neighbor who has dream to sing for our country since she was young in her age. Now she is 63 years old and made her dream true, she is self-dependent lady at the age of 63. As she is writer, director, singer and producer of Punjabi Songs,She is also inspiration for me, her name is “KAMALJIT KAUR”
1 0 Respected modi sir I hope our independence is in our work.people who are good in their health and also phiscally fit are begging in our India which makes us not proud so take decision on them to give some job to them and also some help those who has problem in their health
0 0 Dear pm sir now besically meny problem for employment in youth in state govt and educational system I hope be sic focus in education system.
0 0 Dear PM sir, Can we set the rule that discussion on development, progress, new ideas etc should be done in first 6 hours and later two hours you can use for fight in parliament meetings. And who (MP or MLA) don’t follow this rule will not get one month salary and facility by government. This will really work out to take decisions fast and can implement as well. Now I can see lots of time is going waste due to oppositions party and no output is comes. Request you to please look into this.
0 0 We have to invest in the youth of the country. Common syllabus all over the country...moral education must be compulsory as it was 20 yes back...encourage people to take up basic sciences.. Similarly, old people must be taken care of .able bodied people must be encouraged to work. Old ppl esp those from unorganised sector ,must be given social security... Some subsidised old age homes
0 0 #PM #IndependenceDay #15thAugust Sir, it would be our humble tribute to the departed soul and India could be privileged to associate his name with our countries great learning traditions by conferring upon him the title of “Teacher of the Nation - राष्ट्र गुरू” . It would be a proud moment if such an announcement could be considered for being made from the pristine ramparts of Red Fort on the upcoming Independence Day and the title could possibly be presented on his 84th birth anniversary.
1 0 PM must dispel social stigma associated with diseases and concerns such as AIDS, depression and other mental disorders, TB, disability etc. He must encourage us o treat all with love nd respect and not have any kind of bias towards others. He must spread the message of peace, sharing, caring and respect for all.
0 0 #PM #15thAugust Subject: Request to decorate Dr. A. P. J.  Abdul Kalam with the title of “Teacher of the Nation" - राष्ट्र गुरू! This letter is a selfless request for you to kindly consider honouring one of the most respected personalities of India, Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, an individual who has inspired and ignited the minds of millions of Indians, by conferring the title of “Teacher of the Nation - राष्ट्र गुरू” I Sir, this title is in no way in conflict with the Teachers Day celebration.
1 0 Without involvement of its citizen, govt schemes can not be made successful. Try to engage more and more people in schemes instead of spending huge amount on advertising govt can give appreciation and rewards in terms of certificates and money special to students and youngsters. And try to ask all political parties and their members to involve into this as this is for the benefit of our country and not individual
0 0 So please work on building a consensus and avoid friction. Define being an Indian and freedom too. Inspire the people of India so that they follow you towards building a free, democratic, clean, economically sound, socially well knit, accessible India.You are the one who is capable of doing it and that is the need of the hour. All your plans, schemes and policy decisions are really wonderful, and if implemented without slackening, we shall surge ahead for sure sir ji.
0 0 We read about topic in our school about the brain drain. I believe looking at success of Indians abroad and role they are playing in development abroad why can't they do same for there country. Answer is politics,beaurucracy and absence of any kind of security be it women safety ,job security etc we don't have anything . Then question is why India?? We pay 33% tax for MPs who don't let parliament work . Is this democracy we are proud of !!!
0 0 These days air pollution, traffic congestion, adulteration and water pollution have become blaring concerns, adversely impacting the quality of life for all, particularly young children. PM may encourage citizens to take small steps and do their bit everyday to minimise these problems. For instance, each one may plant trees to commemorate a celebration, use carpools, take public transport at least 5 days in a week and switch off engines at traffic signals.
0 0 Respected PM, you are doing a fantastic job surpassing our expectations. Much needs to be done in putting everything to work for which sir, you need the expertise, participation and dedication of every Indian living here and abroad. Be it the uneducated rural farmer or the opposition party member of Parliament you have to charm them so that they join the Nation building club without raising their volume.You have the charisma to be the unquestioned leader of the masses.
0 0 DEAR SIR, THIS MAY BE GIVEN TOP PRIORITY. ------------ PLEASE LAUNCH A NEW USER FRIENDLY CENTRAL EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGE TO GET TOP (SPECIALIZED)JOBS IN INDIA AND ABROAD.JOB SEEKERS AND EMPLOYERS COULD UTILIZE IT.PLEASE ENSURE THAT RECENTLY RETIRED PROFESSOR SCIENTISTS (RESEARCH GUIDES )ARE GIVEN ADEQUATE OPPORTUNITY TO GET REEMPLOYMENT AND TO CONTINUE TO SERVE . THEY ARE THE CREAM OF THE SOCIETY AND PLEASE DO NOT LET LOOSE THEIR VAST EXPERIENCE AND ACCRUED EXPERTISE TO NEXT GENERATION
0 0 Sir extend Varishtha Pension Yojna for one more year.Make pension receivable at regular intervals Tax Free that will bring many people to this field.If earning children pay contribution for their parents give rebate under relevant section of IT act to earning person.Respectful life for senior citizens!If it exempted under IT act lot of money will flow in to be used in productive purpose! Bring in social security scheme to be implmntd by General Imsurance companies to prvd tritmn incrnicdsestopur
1 0 PLEASE LAUNCH A  NEW USER FRIENDLY CENTRAL EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGE TO GET  TOP (SPECIALIZED)JOBS IN INDIA AND ABROAD.JOB SEEKERS AND EMPLOYERS COULD UTILIZE IT.PLEASE ENSURE THAT RECENTLY RETIRED PROFESSOR SCIENTISTS (RESEARCH GUIDES )ARE  GIVEN ADEQUATE OPPORTUNITY TO GET REEMPLOYMENT  AND TO CONTINUE TO SERVE THE NATION. THEY ARE THE CREAM OF THE SOCIETY AND PLEASE DO NOT LET  LOOSE THEIR  VAST EXPERIENCE AND ACCRUED EXPERTISE.
0 0 Sir, why not start innovative concept of 'Swachh Premier League (SPL)' with participation of locals, muncipalties, corporates & NGOs to collectively bring focus to Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. In atleast one ward of each metro, identify areas which need major improvement in terms of cleanliness/ hygiene/basic infrastructure for sanitation such as slums/ old colonies. Team of local people along with municipality workers should be formed. Please refer attached pdf for details.
0 0 Hello Sir I just wanted to share one idea with you, that please include women security issue in your speech. Because still newspaper is filled with rape and molestation ,specially in rural areas. If you include this issue and if you find suitable for your speech I'll be highly thankful to you.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. XIX (NINETEEN) Sports Indian contingent's performance at Special Olympic World Summer Games 2015 made the entire Nation proud. Government making sincere efforts to better country's performance in all mainstream global events, i.e, Commonwealth Games, Asian Games, Olympics and sports events of international importance. Improvement in infrastructure, better planning and coordination between Ministry, sports associations Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti
0 0 unemployment is the fever of modern India and Entrepreneurship can cure it. I think make in India should be strengthen with all college-industry joint platform where students can learn the industrial exposure, as many students who have no industrial contact are not able to get any industrial exposure. #15thaugust #PM
0 0 PM may speak about how initiatives such as Digital India, Smart Cities and Swacch Bharat are impacting lives of people in India. He may talk about the benefits of these programmes for people from all sections of the society and solicit investments from incorporates in these areas.
0 0 PM may speak about the flood of talent in our country, how we are excelling in various fields across the globe. He may mention the successes of Sundar Pichai, Satya Nadella etc. and encourage youth to be innovative, take up research and strive for excellence.
0 0 With rising incidences of crime against women, PM must speak about respecting women and not viewing them as objects. Also, PM may talk about achievements of women such as Sania Mirza's recent win at the wimbeldon, women's hockey team qualification for the olympics etc. He must talk about how important it is to stop female foeticide, encouraging women to study and respecting and loving themselves. Women must be encouraged to be confident and excel in their respective fields
0 0 dear sir, I want you to speak on demographic dividend ,how we can use this in our favour and also how to eradicate unemployment ! JAI HIND !
0 0 PM must encourage entrepreneurship and volunteering among youth...these days with dearth of jobs, many of the youth are unemployed. He must inspire them to work for the nation and channel their energy into making India a better nation. Youth must actively volunteer for the welfare of society. #MyGov #PM #IndependanceDay
0 0 Dear sir, I was really impressed by the swach bharat programme. Why don't we take it to a higher level called Green India. - Curb use of plastic bottles - Reduce use of chemicals and pesticide in farming - Make drinking water available in public places, reduce consumption of bottled drinks - Ban plastic carry bags - Promote recycling, reusing - Educate people abt green and eco friendly lifestyles - Reduce consumerism - Finally, plant more and more trees Go India green.
0 0 Respected sir, Population explosion is the root cause of all evils that hinders the growth of India. Please enlighten the nation about this.Namashkaar-Abdul Samad Kottur Sheikh
0 0 sir , how robust ancient Indian education system have given marvelous personalities to world but we failed to anticipate it thus outgoing students for higher education& hw its affecting economy if we reverse the process and start attracting foreign students to India it will not only boost our economy but will also improve quality of education in India as well as with fees of 1 foreign student we can educate atlst 100 Indian students with poor economic background. #PM #independenceday #mygov
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - XVIII (EIGHTEEN) OTHERS 1. Upward Revision in the cash element of all National Awards of Eminence 2. Upward revision in prize money for competent government officers (seizures etc.) 3. Special funds for upgradation / expansion of National Academies for Armed forces, Paramilitary forces, Police forces 4. Special assistance for modernisation of Police Stations, improvement in facilities to police personnel Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 I urge the PM to encourage the civilians for Education which is the only remedy of all maladies.it is the education which makes the country great. i request PM to made books available at low cost so that every one can access to it. this will be not only a true tribute to Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam but also this step may help us for getting several Kalam's. it is education which give hues to MADE IN INDIA campaign i.e CEO's of india SATYAM(Satya Nadella), SHIVAM (Shiv Nadar), SUNDARAM(Sunder pichai)
0 0 People's PM sir, Pls speaker about 1.Quality health care 2.Quality Education 3.Quality food. 4.Quality service 5.Quality politics.All this by ALL INDIANS
1 0 Respected Prime Minister, I suggest that Caste based Reservations for students should be replaced with income based reservations.. #PM
0 0 15th August suggestions - Again focus Woman Empowerment, Our Brave Jawans sacrifices, Swach Bharat motivation. These three topics could be added in 15 August Speech. Thank you.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - XVII (SEVENTEEN) India's geo political stature elevated at global level :- 1. Deepening of ties with G-20 nations in the fields of Defence Co-operation, Intelligence Gathering, Anti-Piracy operations, Cyber Security and scaling up efforts in fighting menaces of International Terrorism, Drug Abuse, Corruption and Tax Evasion etc. 2. Sports, Yoga, Cinema lead to better People to People ties across the world Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 1 More than even banks, groups of local people help poor people get enrolled in PMSBY PMJJY or Atal Pension Yojana. There is huge number of people who don't read newspaper, are not in mainstream and don't even know about it. I personally try to inform rickshaw wallas, nai walla and other such poor people. I think govt can help form such groups to help people.
0 0 Link any property transaction > 5L or 10 L with Adhaar number. All benami property will come out Link all bank accounts with Aadhar
0 0 Sir,, please 15th august ko aap BJP member mankar speech mat dena,, aap ek PM bankar speech dena.. apne team India k baare mein logo se apne thoughts share karna.. aap iss desh k future ho.. Terrorism k upar bharat ki preparation k bare mein btaiyega
0 0 Respected PM Sir, please announce to grant Rs 1000 and Rs 2000 to each student studying in class 9th and 11th  of school or college either managed by state boards or CBSE respectively as 'PM EDUCATION KITS SCHOLARSHIP ' without differentiating sex and caste. The funds will be generated by charging Rs 1 as education cess on sell of per liter petrol and diesel.
2 0 Mr.Priminister sir, There are a few things which only a strong Priminister can only do in our country, one of those is addressing the reservation issue. I think now is the time for replacing the cast based reservation with income based reservation.it's a controversial issue but an important one for our country's progress. The selection process of the civil services also should involve psychology based and physical test like we have in ssb for the armed forces.
0 0 only thing which could change every thing in this country is EDUCATION we are having 75% literacy rate but number of educated are very few in numbers,only an EDUCATED SOCIETY can reap the fruits of DEMOCRACY a well civilized educated and rational society,the day we will achieve this goal no any other goal will be tough enough to achieve.... so i would like mr PM to take this issue and integrate EDUCATION in all his polices,so that those policies could be implemented rationally.
0 0 Great plans of future should be unveiled sir. We look forward towards it.
0 0 the speech should be focused on POSITIVITY & HOPE.
0 0 respected sir, I m a college student in rural area so I want that this independence speech should focus on caste,creed n communalism removal in India n all universities of India n affiliated college must give result at time so that student,may pay full attention on their post graduate on time..thanku!!!
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - XVI (SIXTEEN) Indian Economy - 2 Softening crude oil prices definitely helped Government in inflation control - global situation volatile - Speed and acceleration of new initiatives in all sectors ensured, new institutions like Niti Aayog successfully established - but overall a guarded approach adopted for better control, hence not many reforms witnessed. Year 2 and 3 will witness major reforms across all sectors. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Respected Sir, Now retailing industry completely changes as you know, every thing is online now a days. But people cant understanding difference between direct selling and distribution channel. Direct selling is the future retailing industry through ecommerce where costumer will be benefited instead o distributor. so, please create some sort of awareness to the people on eve of independence day occasion about direct selling industry and its advantages.
0 0 dear sir, my 12 year old  daughter shreya want's totaly practical education in school.
0 0 This year's PM's speech should emphasize more on getting the people think, move & work towards the Digital India. There are lot of people in our country who doesn't know to operate computers. PM should encourage people in teaching the uneducated/backward people about computers/internet during their free times. There should be a mission which should encourage people to volunteer for this initiative and teach the uneducated. Grow India towards making a Digital India.
1 0 PM Sir, Can't we have a govt funded skill development website (and mobile app as well) where youngsters can learn different skills like graphic designing, web development, spoken English, basic computer operation, Tally, First Aid etc through videos and digital study materials for free of cost and also acquire certificate from it. Basically I'm talking about a website like NPTEL, but for skills. Thanks!
0 0 Sir,Please announce something which help students. They are the future of our nation.So boost our young talent by providing loan discounts and reduce educational loan interest. That will help many people to avoid immigration to foreign countries.
0 1 SECULAR INDIA
0 0 REGARDING NEGLIGANCE OF ADVOCATES ACT
1 0 Respected sir, In our country car loan interest is only less then 10%,But for educational loan it is more than 13%. Lakhs of students took educational loan for their studies and most of them are still unemployed.  Then how they will pay their full loan amount,the interest is increasing day by day. They forced to leave the country. You said Indians must come back to India and work for our nation. So please reduce the educational loan interest.That will help many students in India.
1 0 PM Sir, Can you please talk about alternative sources of energy. For example, please read this article http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/slideshows/nation-world/honda-nx-200... Here, a man from Brazil has turned his bike to be fueled by water & runs 500km with just 1L of it. Sir, if this can be done in our country, it can greatly benefit our economy by reducing our oil import & consumption & will also save our environment. Thanks
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. XV (FIFTEEN) Indian Economy - 1 At the completion of one year, Govt. has been quite successful in fixing the fundamental problems of Indian Economy. Revival and diversification of Agriculture and allied sectors, igniting a positive spark in Industry and Services sectors, creation of more jobs, stable prices of goods and services, delivering a GDP growth rate of around 7 %, amongst the best in the world. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Honourable Sir, Storage godown construction should be brought under MNREGA. This will lead to creation of an important infrastructure for storing grains by village dwellers, themselves, and solve the problem of insufficient FCI godowns and resultant rotting of grains lying in the open during rains.
0 0 Indian Army always makes us proud with contribution towards nation. Whenever a soldier gives his/her life towards nation, we feel proud but helpless for the family who sent his son/husband for the country. Hence we would like to have a channel where we can donate to the soldier's family. Someone died so as to protect us and we want to ensure that family of our soldiers live a good life - financially - afterwards. Please open a channel and allow us to contribute to support our soldier. Thanks
0 0 Doston aj PM Swastha abhiyaan kahin gum ho gaya ha. Ham logon ko kyonn baar baar yaad dilane ki jarrorat hai. Aaj aap sab hamare saath sapath lijiye ki kisi bhi sarvjanik jagah par kachra nahi failayenge. Aug logon se haath jorkar vinamra nivedan karenge agar wo sarvjanik sthan ko ganda kar rahe ho. Desh ke liye ham sabka chota yogdaan hoga.
0 0 Respected Sir, Our tradition, our culture and vocational education distinguishes our nation from other countries. For the memory of our’ father of nation ‘ we can bring handmade clothes in schools . we should compel students to weave daily one hour  as a part of curriculum and sell the same and the earned money can be put as deposit in the name of each student. We can spread the importance of khadi by inspiring the students to wear khadi uniform once in week as a part of making India plan.
1 0 Dear sir, this Independence day your speech include CONNECT RIVER PLAN PROJECT this is the most popular programs in this world . This is a great Dream for INDIAN Formers .This is a ATALJI DREAM PROJECT I HOPE SIR YOUR SPEECH INCLUDE THIS PROJECT. THANKS
0 0 No Income tax upto net income of Rs. 1 Crore per year only charge Rs. 1000.00 per sim of mobile. Mobile companies will directly deposit this amount in central Gov. Account. This will save staff expenses office expense of Income Tax Department of Govt. of Indian and the revenue will be received in advance without any efforts.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - IV (FOURTEEN) Focus - Proposed - Set up Flood Control and Management Institute to plan and implement scientific, efficient and cost effective long term solutions to control the menace of floods. Millions of lives and properties worth billions and billions of Rupees have been lost / damaged since independence. Will transform the economy of entire East India and of course benefit the whole of India. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 #PM: Our ideal should be Dr. Sri Abul J Kalam and not Yakub menon. Some media group tried to project him as a Hero. Is It media work? Many people including politician (eminent face from UP, Bihar, W.B.) wrote letter to Mr. President for his pardon. This shows their intension towards our country. Ham sab ko milkar aise dekh ke aantarik aur wahya dusman se samna karna hai aur desh ko bachana hai.  Aaj Hamare Yuva disha bhatak gaye hain, unhe apne raah pe lana hai.
0 0 Organised Tourism, educate Tourism  to strengthen the country's economy, there is a huge potential for tourism in the country... Let's make India terrorism free and tourism Spree
0 0 Car can be purchase after submission of IT return file only. Your black will be shown suddenly. Try if u can
0 0 When from Bank one can’t withdraw others money as there is strictness of identity proof system using modern technology. But why in voting system one can able to vote others. Like banks strictness and identity proof system should be provided during voting with your DIGITAL INDIA. Voting procedure can be scheduled for long days duration and each Bank branch can be used as polling booth using DIGITAL INDIA.
0 0 Primary education me sudhar Lana atiavasyak hai Har vidyalay me saman book honi chahiye Same uniform Same ... Aur har school ka exam apane school me na ho Aur schorship bhi completion per aadharit hona chahiye jo fist aaye use jyada scholarship dena chahiye
0 0 Please give all army man a gift by saying that one rank pension is passed for all. After all they are the pillars of out country. No one can replace there life after there dead.what they want is just a one rank pension for all after each min of danger life.even launch a account where ppl can directly cr. Amt for our army which can be operated by army itself only. Thank u for ready my msg. Hope u give a very good answer to Pakistan soon.
0 0 hrœ
0 0 #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov 1) Inter linking of Rivers  Ganga  to Godavari  2) Anti Corruption /Black Money 3) RIGHT TO HEALTH FOR ALL 4) Naming some prestigious Institution after Abdul Kalam
0 0 IN view of 'Beti Parao, beti banchou'; in government service reservation should be provided for girls. Even those who are in government employment they should be encouraged for higher study allowing 2 to 3yrs of study leave as and when they sought for.
0 0 SUBJECT:REQUEST TO WAIVE SERVICE TAX ON COACHING FEES This government has been taking care of the students and making all efforts to make their career bright. Government have introduced many schemes for the benefit of the students. I want to highlight a problem being faced by millions of students throughout the country. Students have to pay 14% service tax on coaching fees whereas the other student related items are tax free e.g. school fee, college fee, stationary, copies, books, geometry box
0 0 Should the Ministry of Culture not help in building a culture of trust and safety in the country. Is India a safe place for make in India? It a serious concern for the whole nation.
0 0 India has been known for its diverse culture and recently for non-violence and yoga. The ineffective ban on pornography is a proof of incapability of enforcing agencies. A crime occurs in the country, it is publicized to create inhuman levels of harassment and service providers agree to do anything for money. In stead of stopping the crime, some criminals make fun of the corrective action and the enforcing agencies have no clue what to do. The government seems helpless and withdraws the order.
0 0 Dear PM Sir First of we need to identify ..Who is our Enemy for country ? In myviewit is Indiscipline in every field. If you see any problem in India its origin is indiscipline. Road Safety : Indiscipline in driving results in accidents . Parliament : Indiscipline of MPs not allowing to work. Our young generation is very disappointed with parliament inefficient working style. Security : Indiscipline in police working style encourage crime. Corruption and Political pressure are also the rea
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, India is struggling with acute shortage of organs for transplantation. An amendment to the Transplantation of Human Organs Act,is the need of the hour.
1 0 Namaskar! PM Sir, jaha Tak Meri Samjh Hai Abhi Desh Ke Samne Sabse Bada Mudha "Black Money" Ka Hai.. Aapse Request Hai Ki App "Independence Day" Ke subh-Avsar Par Iss Muddhe Par Apne Vichar Clear Kare, Kyonki Desh Ki Janta Ko Hamare Hon'ble PM Sir Par Pura Bharosha Hai, Aur Hum Chahte Hai Ki Aap Janta Ko "Black Money" Ke Baare Mein Ho Rahi Rukawat Ko Lekar Charcha Kare...Kyoki Aaj Desh Ke Samne "Black Money" Ka Muddha Mazak Ban Kar Reh Gya Hai..Please Sir! Aapka Apna Vinod K. Sisodiya
0 0 sir,please talk about ur ideas about reservation system...is there no need to change to our old reservation system....i am not against the help of backward class...but it can be given by economical support like loans...not by reserve seats...are we independent truly? no, not yet....requiring ur new vision on changing reservation policy...
0 0 Sir agar aap apane kisi sambodhan me polution par bole to mera kehna hai ki agar aap gaon me aisi koi skim nikale ki gaon ke naujwan ped lagane ko prerit ho sakte hai. aur polution kam karne me madat ho sakati hai.
0 0 I Feel community is the most important tool for development and we lack ot completely. I am forwarding my observation, suggestions and inspirations in the attachment; especially if can be used for the independence day speech.
0 0 Sir,talk about Road Safety.Tell that nearly 238,500(as of 2013 report) lives being lost each year and still what is not making us to just ignore this road safety.say that 200000 dreams being scattered is very painful.Tell them to wear Helmets,wear your seat belt,not to drive on wrong way,follow the traffic rules.Talk about the proposed Road Safety Policy by the Government of India.It may inspire many for some change,embrace lives,making Indian roads safer.
0 0 Dear Modiji For entrepreneurs,it extremely inefficient& ineffective that almost ALL nationalized banks have COMPLICATED & user UNFRIENDLY online banking that makes life of entrepreneurs miserable. Example:May I strongly submit that ALL state banks &nationalized banks have this one-click option to download the entire account details (SB/FD/PPF/e-Payments) of a given specific FY into spreadsheet? Private banks do it(ICICI etc) Could not give this anywhere else in mygov!Thanks
0 0 Please encourage and call all the states to promote their states tourism its a good source of income which our people are ready and happily spending outside the country for leisure as most of the time we don't know what is around us due to lack of knowledge. Most of the IT people are spending minimum 1 lakh on travel every year if you calculate and see how much employment can be created just by promoting tourist places within India.
0 0 topics that should be included are: 1) Road accident Issue Reason for Increase in Road accident can be due to: A) overloaded public transport buses. B) bad condition of roads. C) stray animals on roads. 2) High Entrance Fees for every Institution & also for Job Vacancies for GIRLS. There should be some control over these fees. 3) More Employment Generation & removing Shortage of Staff in many Departments.
1 0 NO Reservations continued: Indian youth talent is flowing and fleeing outside just coz of this reason and this is the root cause. PLEASE DO SOME CHANGE AS MY FELLOW LIKE MINDED SAID THE NATION WILL BE HAPPY TO SUPPORT YOU. I know it has nothing to do I-Day speech but this step can lead India to celebrate its I-Day as a Developed country in future.
0 0 All people should be educated to live quality life. Not only technology , including moral values, World happening, etc
2 0 Respected Sir, Make this Independence Day more special with independenting people from reservation (i.e., from Education, Govt.Job Recruitment etc). As our MAHATMA GANDHIJI make independent india in 1947, you make indian people independent in 2015. As you and all indians want the development of this country, take one step in our reservation scheme. Make all people equal and then see the real Growth of INDIA. We hope that you will think about it. Jay Hind
1 0 Please bring this reservation issues and I don't think anybody with Brain should oppose it. If Ambedkar sir was still alive he would have done this change decades ago and India would have been most developed and desired country. Low caste people can't afford, yes we can understand, let us support financially if they deserve and not by giving easy seats and reservations in everything. I am not opposing any caste, their are beggars even in the so called high caste group.
0 0 My suggestion is inorder to increase the economic, (1) Encourage everybody to buy Indian products. (2)Similalry the product should be quality product even a simple product. We should not compromise on quality. That will save energy and money. Thus we can avoid buying foriegn goods more. Because quality as major factor we are buying other countries products. Why we cannot create quality products and we will give value to Rs.
0 0 Sir On 15th August can 1 minute line that "Every Indian should respect all Language Speaking People" and Hindi is India's National Language ,so all Highly Educated and Elite Class People should Respect -Non English People too. No Discrimination and Inferior Complex feelings should be Generated based on Language by Educated/ Rich People. 1 English or Non English 2 Hindi or Non Hindi Above Inferior Complexity-Creating Mentality and Attitude among English Knowing People is Hurting Feelings
0 0 Sir,please speak on population control.This our major and serious problem of our country.Promote "ONE CHILD IN A FAMILY" plan.
0 0 NO RESERVATIONS- BRAIN is created equally in every human being irrespective of his/her caste & let them USE: People with brain & merits should be encouraged and promoted. No reservations for caste, equal opportunity gender based is acceptable but if any group can't meet the eligibility, talent can be swapped. Financial assistance can be given to lower/upper caste based on their needs and eligibility. This is the reason we are still a developing country & non of our universities are top-listed.
0 0 Respected Sir The Point which referring is bit difficult to address but time has come that now PM should throw some light and awareness among Indians on 15th August Sir even after 65 years of independence, still 1There Exist Discrimination based on Language English Speaking and Non English Speaking and that too among Elite Richest Educated class 2People Knowing and speaking English is ok but they should make others feel Inferior when speaks or talk in Hindi or Other Regional Language
0 0 You should never mind to address to the nation about the past Governments' corruption as the people are expecting to spell about those corruptions openly and assure to the nation that you are a different government for the people by the people and of the people..
0 0 Dear Modiji.... Our Motherland's call to youth is " Need the mind and Heart for the revolution , reformation , renaissance and reclamation of Mother Land for the greatest future of People to ameliorate them from the illiteracy to the position of Super Power.Super power is attributed to the Independence through interdependence and to find out a New Nation without Corruption.
0 0 Respected sir, President & PM are 2 important persons of any country so there should be a punishment for abusing or making joke/fun of these persons.Also there should not be any argument or bias on judgement given by Supreme Court & persons opposing its judgement should be punished.
0 0 Subject: Army Jawans still lack basic combat gear - Request for Launching a Programme for Fund Raiser from Patriotic citizens-to fulfill the basic needs Indian Army is the fourth largest, but is among the poorly equipped, supplied on combat kit. Jawans lack basic gear like Sweat Absorbant OG Socks, All Weather Boots, Suitable Combat Pattern Shirt etc. (India Today 22/09/14). A Programme to be launched to collect money from patriotic citizens to reach the world class combat gear. JAI HIND.
0 0 HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER SH. NARINDER MODI JI. KINDLY GO THROUGH THE LETTER ATTACHED WHICH WILL ENABLE YOUR GOODSELF TO MORE PRICE IN THE POLITICS OF INDIA. WITH REGARDS SATPAL VERMA mOB : 92155 47100
0 0 Sir,    Brain-drain from IITs,IIMs,IISc, AIIMS other institutions of national importance may be stopped. Admissions to these institutes may be restricted to those who are ready to work in India or for India after graduation. These graduates may be supported to start own establishments and generate growth and employment.     Those who want to serve other countries can study at their own cost privately in the countries they want to work later.
0 0 Sir, You must speak on inflation rate on your independence day speech.As just now I visited in Bihar and people asking about only for inflation(mahangaai)and they asking that inflation is not in control,so we can't support to BJP,so you must ask about this issue. Secondly on clean India also, because this Safai Abhiyan not initiated on ground level at everywhere, so need to be initiate once again.Your think is having very positive for our country which is very fruitful for people of India.Thanks
0 0 Sir, TOURISM TV CHANNEL – TTV TO PROMOTE INCREDIBLE INDIA / TOURISM : Depending on the various festivals & celebrations / special occasions across the country, the channel can show case of the place, history of the festival,  its significance, how to reach the place  etc.. Channel can also be used to show case the rural art/handicrafts/rural & spiritual tourism & any other issue connected with promotion of Indian Tourism Sector, Travel, Arts, Culture, wild life,Environment,nature etc.
1 0 ROAD ACCIDENTS In addition to Human Loss of  1,40,000 to 150,000 deaths on Roads, National loss to the tune of 3-4% of GDP,  has been assessed by the Apex Court, which amount to few lakh crore of Indian Rupees As  per data   nearly 30-40% accidental death are caused by rash driving & drunk driving, if  in these cases  the Hon’ble P M, Sir, these  M V Act is amended to the extent of detaining  the drivers,  even for 1-7 days ,  it would  save HUGE Human loss / National Loss.
0 0 Sir, TOURISM TV CHANNEL – TTV TO PROMOTE INCREDIBLE INDIA / TOURISM : Let’s give good publicity to all our tourist spots through this channel Channel can be modelled a la Nat Geography / Discovery Channel with Indian flavour / touch Channel shall promote all aspects related to Incredible India tourism development, covering each & every region, every state & every tourist spot (small or big, known or unknown,famous or not so famous)of our country to the drawing room of every house.
0 0 Sir, TOURISM TV CHANNEL – TTV TO PROMOTE INCREDIBLE INDIA / TOURISM : On many past occasions, commencement of new TV Channel has been announced from RED FORT IND. DAY ADDRESS eg. Krishi Darshan Channel by former PM Vajapayee during 2003 Ind. Day Address In the similar lines, let us have a dedicated TOURISM ORIENTED CHANNEL called as TTV to promote INCREDIBLE INDIA / TOURISM SECTOR.
1 0 Sir, This is an input on TOURISM Sector - which is vital for job creation & for the Indian Economy. Thanks to some major initiatives taken by the Government, INCREDIBLE INDIA TOURISM has seen tremendous growth / surge in last one year, but there's still lot of scope & I sincerely, a TOURISM BASED TV CHANNEL - TTV - CAN DO WONDERS TO PROMOTE INCREDIBLE INDIA. The channel can be modelled on National Geography/Discovery to promote known/unknown, major/minor tourist spots all over India!
1 0 RESPECTED PM, Namaskar 1. observe one day for daughters by panchayat other than raksha bandhan to honour them. 2. prevent death in crime by awareness through media\police\law professionals. it will save two families from devastation . 3.to convey govt. policies to last man , kindly constitute a mobile team of govt. offiicials for some villages as suitable and held them responsible to communicate every scheme to every citizen. it will help govt. to convey its policies properly .
0 0 Speech for Independence Day the 15 August, 2015
0 0 Respected sir, In our nation making and its security our soldiers were proudly remembered always but for the OROP demand of them. May be this IDay you will make them more proud by declaring OROP.
0 0 Respected PM, We are very delighted to know that you not only cares us, but possesses us a guiding Light to utilize our learning,to spent a healthy as well as prosperous life. SIR to make Live happy, Indian doctors plays a vital role. Some doctors prove as a God to make us alive. While few are perverted from their path who understands money important than lives, Here in INDIA we gives rating to item we purchased,why don't we have organizations to take feed back from patients get treated
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD.- XIV (FOURTEEN) Health - Focus sector 1. India's major challenge - Population control - Scientific approach, Statewise focus, review and field visits on monthly basis, awareness campaigns, people's participation in introducing new birth control measures to ensure success 2. Tele-medicine, Jan Aushadi stores, cheaper life saving drugs 3. Work in close coordination with States to improve civil hospitals Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Adulteration in food materials, and fake medicines, are playing with health and life of Indian citizens. Strict action against these offences should be enacted by law, and those who defend the offenders should also be punished.
0 0 A new opportunity have opened up with the International Cricket council planning to limit the participating number of teams World Cup cricket to 8 . In our sub –continent why not India-Pakisthan-Bangaladesh put up a common team. If this can happen ,it shall open a new era in the relation ship of the three nations . We can spent more money on poverty alleviation of billions of people in the world ,so also for Disaster Management ,R&D in Science and Technology  ,instead of spending on arms.
0 0 Dear Sir, ME EK Private Jobs KARTA HU PAR HAMARE DESH ME PVT JOBS KE LIYE KOI BHI SAHI KANUN NAHI H KOI 5000 TO 4000 ME JOB KAR RAHA H AGAR KOI KANUN H TO USE SAHI SE LAGU KIYA JANA CAHIE ITNE ME TO GHAR CHALANA  MUSHKIL H KUCH KARE SIR GARIB OR GARIB HO RAHA H
0 0 Govt must bring a system where offenders will be FINED at large. Ad Hoc posts must be created for Educated people, they should be trained and give a particular time for this post. To fine offenders.
0 0 People on the ground are still not following Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan. As in its the same problem. Though minute ripples are happening. But very minute.
0 0 Nowadays when the budget of families is under financial pressure,people want to get quality of life, hence they want to grow. We are a country full of aspirations. But what stops us from the childhood is the high fees which we have to bear, if we want to grow better. From pvt schools,to pvt colleges to pvt postgraduate colleges. We still manage on school level or college level. But when we have to choose post graduation colleges, the fees goes straight up to many lakhs. How can a family who has taken car on loan,has married her daughter by taking loan,has got its scooter on EMI gonna manage a hit of more than 15k a month which goes as interest to banks for the educational loan as the interest rates are so high. They are simply doing business. Not just this much pressure is on the families these days, that they are compromising education standards for lesser fees. I feel very bad about it, but what can we do other than killing our dreams and going for a sub standard college with less fee. Other than that the student has to pay the EMI of more than 15K for the next 10-12 years,compromising everything due to it. This is the case of a huge percentage of India's neo middle class who wants to grow more and more. I could personally tell you my state, my family is paying 2-3 EMIs of my sisters marriage,1EMI for car and some EMIs for insurance. My family daily worries that how will they manage when I'll get into some MBA college in this year's end. We never expected from previous governments, but we do know for what ideals this new government stands and we salute that. I recently got to know about Delhi governments initiative on educational loans I was very happy to hear about it. I would have been more happy if I would have heard such thing from Central Govt of Mr.Modi. But still I believe that you would stand for the cause of students and families. Please sir bring an educational loan scheme so that we could fulfill our aspirations in return benefiting our motherland. Please sir help us, the educational loan percentage is very high and even the fees of Pvt good MBA colleges.
0 0 Sir Interest Rates in India are very high ,when all commodities are touching bottom , Oil is down ,food inflation is down ,Reducing interest rates is must to boost the growth ,banks can reduce rates by 0.5% now & pl explore if govt can give subsidy of 0.25% for first 03 years of loan period . Interest rates balancing is must with growth ,it shd neither be too low that brings sudden growth & inflation along nor too high that it curbs growth & jobs ,for 1.25 billion ppl cont jobs opp hs to b explo
0 0 It would be great if you could mention about some extra-ordinary stories of administrative success by bureaucrats, at any level of governance which you may have come across in past 1 year. It will help boost morale of hard-working ones immensely, and benefit our country's progress a lot. Since they are major executive task force of the country, it is best to keep the best of them always motivated.
0 0 Good evening sir and wish you a very happy independence day u r doing good work by launching so many schemes but implementation of schemes should be there mere launching of schemes will not work in independence speech every prime minister comes and says about his achievements but sir please say something about your mistakes and future planning and I m also very sad that our parliament is not running because of oppositions unnecessary behaviour this is not good for democracy thank you sir 😊
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY - CONTD. XIII (THIRTEEN) Tourism -Focus Sector -Tourism through liberalisation of 'Visa on Arrival' policy, E-Visa for foreign tourists, better air connectivity, better marketing and brand management in India and overseas will generate much higher growth rates. Social sectors - 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' - positively influencing perceptions - healthy development - continues to be thrust area Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 It would be great if you could share some statistical and subjective success stories of all schemes announced on last Independence day. People are well aware about successes of Jan dhan yojana and Swachch Bharat, but its other meaningful schemes which need to be brought to people's attention. Like the Niti Aayog brought in a new era of co-operative federalism, Digital India is a break-through and revolutionary scheme of progress, Skill card scheme of Skill India, Make In India investment boost
0 0 Hi Sir, Finding a Ticket/Pass for Independence Day Celebration is very difficult and No clear information is shared in this context. Based on the misleading information on some websites and blogs my younger brother went to Baba Khadag singh and INA Delhi Tourism Counters as well. Surprised to see they even had no Idea on Passes/ticket arrangements for Independence Day celebrations. I wonder if any of those employees ever went to see one. My humble request is to update the information here.
0 0 We are 1.25 billion ppl country but only 10-15% are contributing 95% of the economy ,once this figure reaches to 50% India will be market for whole world for next 30 -50 years. Jai Hind Sir
1 0 "I like the religion that teaches liberty,equality and fraternity".. Dr.Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar.
0 0 Farmers are paid whatever they earn per acre ,so that they are free of Monsoon,drouught,flood, natural calamity & this output is supplied to domestic market at no profit no loss so that inflation is in check ,Tell india inc and rich individuals to take this as investment becaz once our farmer flourishes ,india inc need not to worry for Markets for next 50 years ,whole world will queqed up to invest in india which at present is shying away due to poor consumer spending index of our ppl .cont.....
0 0 cont..... to come forward and adapt 10 villages each to make like the one you have made in next 5 years i.e 02 village every year and whole world will come to see infra of our 100000 villages. We are 1.25 billion ppl ,we can do anything we want ,Ask Riches ,paisa bahut kama liya ab naam kamao , Aao apne desh ko jagat guru banaye !Alo ask these ppl to adapt poor & willing farmers to take their land on lease and cultivate them for best productivity ,Farmers shd get lumpsum amount . cont....
0 0 Dear Sir, One more issue!! Each year atleast 506 states suffers flood situations and atleast 3-4 states suffer from water shortage!! What steps the Government is taking to integrate the water system so that flood situations can be eradicated and water balance is being made in different areas!! If anything is being done, please add the same and if not, please plan to do the same.!!!
0 0 On the eve of Independence Day creating the vision of people's president will be more fitting. As dreamt by him solar power system should be installed to supply electricity to the entire Rameswaram island. Planting trees throughout the entire island to provide green cover and to protect environment will be excellent memorial for him.
0 0 cont... Do Business with profit but with heart ,ask india inc to pledge that they wont increase prices with increase in demand and will offset any input cost of RM by increased business volume , Ask india inc/NGO's/Religious trust to work on uplifting poor and improving their quality of life , Wd like sir you present the development status of village you adapted ,I heard this hs been great model ,Ask only 10000 ppl (All MP's/MLA's/India inc/rich individuals/NGO's/Religious trust/).  cont.....
0 0 After experiencing sanjay Gandhi ji'seffort tocontrol population no party  dare to ask the citizen to controlpopulation for the sake of our country.But now the time has changed very much and if our respected PM on independence day to raise this issue again and make an appeal from the nation'syounger generation to do necessary things to control population,as no other efforts except this one would solve the nation's major problem,and at the same time convince the rural illeterate peoplehow their
0 0 Dear Sir, Being a responsible citizen of India, I would like you to please add these points in your speech: 1. What steps have been taken for women safety and other legal cases? Are the legal cases to be solved within a given time slot as out judiciary takes atleast average time of 7-10 years to solve a case and we are generally helpless towards our legal system!!
0 0 cont... Invite all including Media/opposition/critics to become positive for 05 years & work on and support in eradicating poverty , making india clean and green , Criticise and pull  us for our 02 shortcomings but at the same time must highlight our 20 good works so that hope does not die , so that negativity doesnot kill the zeal to make India super economic power ! Lets work for the nation together for next 5 years !Ask india inc/Rich individuals to do business with humanity .cont.....
1 0 Honourable #PM, I am a student and I know only about education.  I give tuitions and used to teach in a private school.  I want to know why the condition of government school is so bad. Why don't students compete for govt school as they do for govt colleges like iit, nit, aiims etc. Please aware people abt government schools and make government schools at best. Will talk to u in detail if I ever got an opportunity.  Thanks
0 0 Sir, How you are going to address the Unemployed students passed out from different Travel and Tourism institutions of India (ie IITTM).Presently all depend on private sector companies only due to there is less or no scope for employment for those students in ITDC ,India and State Level Tourism Development Sectors.
0 0 dear Modi Ji aaj app kuch giri tigeres ko gujrat se MP kuno wild life centuary me bejne ki kripa kare kyonki gujrat me sher jayada he jagah akm he aur MP me jagah bahut he aur sher nahi hein.Asha karta hoon agli bar jub mere jiase tourist whah jaye to apki daryadili ko dekh sake.Jai hind
0 0 Sir I wd like u to aware ppl tht how BJP is working on sustainable growth,how you are working on improving buying power of rural & weaker section & quality of life of these ppl ,This wd be inclusive growth & wd sustain.Till now Growth managed by increasing/decreasing interest rates and only few benefited ,Rich become richer,poor remain poor & still after 67 years of independence poor gets hollow promises of garibi hatao.Where are poor ppl and where are leaders who claim to represent them.cont..
0 0 Regarding Employment generating scheme, some guideline  need to be declared for fixing  accountability of sanctioning authority to avoid male practice & successful implementation of the schemes.
0 0 PM's speech, if included an appeal for youths  of 21-25 years age group for self declared 5 years voluntary moratorium not to go for nuptial tie and youths of 25-28 years age group for 2 years  self declared 5 years voluntary moratorium not to go for nuptial tie, I am sure growth of population will come down
0 0 Sir, I have done a WORLD's UNIQUE MATHEMATICAL PUZZLE ---- called "60 x60 Narendra Damodaradas Modi Biography Magic square". It is a Unique and it gives the entire life history of yours along with date of Birth Magic squares of all Important National Leaders. I submit this as my humble gift for the Independence day. My idea for Independence day is :  "EVERY WHEEL THAT ROTATES MUST PRODUCE SOME POWER".  May be a very small child's cycle to all vehicles that have rotating wheels.
0 0 DEAR SIR,SWACH BHART KA TARGET 15/8/2019 HAI,67 YEARS SALO SE LOGO KO CLEAN REHNA KI ADAT NAHI HAI,FAST KAM KARNA HOGA,ISKE LIYE REWARD  & TARGET DENA HOGA, HER CLEAN VILLAGE KO-50 LAKH, AVRAGE KO 10 LAKH,TEHSIL 1CRORE- AVRAGE- KO30 LAKH, DISTT- 10 CRORE, AVRAGE KO- I CRORE,STATE KO-1000 CRORE -AVRAGE KO 100 CRORE , BIG CITY 200 CRORE AVRAGE KO 50 CRORE, IS KE LIYE ALAG SE HER STATE KO BAZZAT DE PHIR HI GANDHI JI KA SAPNA PURA HOGA
0 0 only on black money SIT scheem the way to pick up back to india.
0 0 charkha jise desh Ki azadi ka pratik,desh Ki swadhinta ka chinh mama jata that ,aaj dikhta nhi,kya desh k kisano k liye ek swarojgar k sadhan k Roop may isse prachalit kiya ja sakta hi?,chakha har paryatan sthal par yatriyo KO khud dhaga banane k liye prerit karega,kisan chahe budha ho,mahilaye,sabhi is par soot kaat kar khadi commission KO supply kare,haal hi may handloom k liye kiye gye sarahniya karyo may yeah milestone yoga,GANDHIBABA KA YEH ASTRA SAARE DESH KI SHHAN FIR SE BANAYE , CHARKHA A TOOL FOR MEDITATION DHYAN KA EK SARAL TARIKA BHI HI,AAJMA LE, MERA SAPNA HI HAR DESHWASI KAM SE KAM EK VASTRA APNE HAATHO SE BOONE HUE SUT KA BANWA KAR PEHNE, agle national HANDLOOM DAY TAK har Panchayat Samiti apne ilake may adhikadhik CHARKHE GHAR GHAR PAHUCHAYE ,KAATE GYE SUT KA UCHIT MULYANKAN KAR ARTHIK MADAD KARE VANDE MATARAM
0 0 India being the land of vast things with 121crore people ,we have to save the food and many people die but their organs are not used for other people, by wasting the food and organs we can use it .save the wildlife .Electrical problem in the urban india where it is important and save guard of farmers.Clean of the rivers of the india. THank you Sir
0 0 Dear sir As a step in making India independent in all aspects I want you to talk about the education system in our country.There is a vast increase in the number of educational institutions in our country,but the number of students who understands the purpose and value of education is really less. education is for enabling each and every person to think and act right. So kindly urge our youths to understand what education is & ask them to be a social being with concerns & dreams for the nation.
1 0 Manniye Modi Jee Pranam, AAj Vraksha Ropan abhiyaan matra Ek naatak ban ke reh gaya hai,Lakho Crore rupee matre Vraksha roopan ke naam se her saal funk diye jaate hai. Is vishay me koi thoos kadam liye jaye tanki paise ki barbaadi roki jaa sake jaise her gaon me puri imandare se chote chote stop dam banane  pr joor diya jaaye jis se jal sanrakshan ka kaam to hoga hi saath hi vraksha roopan vishes ker fal daar vraksh lagane per zoor diya jaye jis se gaon ke youth ko roozgaar bhi milega. Dhanyaad
0 0 Wild life protection did not find place in PM's Speech for independenceday.Recently Tiger T-24 of Ranthambore Tiger Reserve was removed from its wild home and sent for illegal confinement to Sajjangarh Biological Park in violation of Wild Life Protection Act 1972 and OSP of National Tiger Conservation Authority(NTCA) as confirmed in field report submitted by representative of NTCA soon after transfer of Tiger T-24.Please assure INDEPENDENCE to T-24 on this independenceday PM's speech.Saving Wild
0 0 Respected PM sir .only sure-shot way to success is through studies when India becomes 100% literacy people understands do's and dont's, everyone may wonder the greatest sculpture and many activity in india before modern science have led up. Example a Thanjavur Temple built in a single large sone no where in the world this wouldnt be happen even the world largest temple in Combodia is built by a Indian(Tamilian). Actually what iam trying to say is In india itself we have huge quantity studing win
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - XII (TWELVE) Maoists, regional groups of J&K and North East - considered as threats to the National Security - Notorious elements in these groups create law and order problems - majority are misguided youth deprived of basics of life. Government is making special efforts to provide 'Roti, Kapda Aur Makaan' to them, improve rail and road connectivity. 'Give them their basics and they will give up the guns' Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 How to control the population in India ? Population explosion is the main obstacle to the smooth development of the Indian economy. Since this problem is getting intense day by day, it is obvious to take appropriate measures to keep it under control by lowering the birth rate. 1.Rise in Per-capita Income: Demographic history of various advanced countries shows that there is an inverse relationship between per-capita income and a country’s birth rate. When per-
0 0 please see attached files
0 0 Honorable Sir, As per your declared agenda can you start working on INDUCTION OF RIVER SYSTEMS in India on priority basis.This is one of the most warranted scheme the nation need.It will definitely add a milestone achievement if implemented during your tenure promoting Equal distribution of water resources, development of Agriculture, Mitigation of Flood,dev of Industries,enhancing ground water recharges, dev. of transport through navigation/ boating and  a direct impact on climate change.
0 0 I wish to please circulate a small poetry attached herewith....this would unite & fill enthusiasm in every indian. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Preventive Health diseases only possible via swatch Bharath. But the awareness of the Respected villagers are still not realizing that is very important. As most of the village people have been maintaining their health through Ayurveda medicine. Now that is not popular, every body going to English medicine, that is costly. I request you sir, please do research in Ayurveda and to be upgrade. Meanwhile, English medicine make sure that affordable to every person from village to Delhi.
0 0 Sir please also discuss about quality of Higher education in india.
0 0 Pleas talk about exploitation and hararsment  my Pvt employers .
2 0 .I came to know 7th pay commission is working.Sir Pvt Naukri walon ne kya Gunnah kiya hai. This is only for Govt Employees who are already secured . It increases the Gap betwee Poor and Rich .Govt teacher get Rs 90000 Per month and Pvt teacher in profession college gets 10000 Per month
0 0 Please see the attached file
0 0 As assured the govt is inching the development of pan india and as a pm i request not to tolerate the others big or silly mistakes which cause a negative impact on the modi's govt.
0 0 kindly ban bad cartoon channels in india
1 0 The Role of Common Man in Nation Building and how every Indian could contribute to this noble cause and what difference it would make if we stand together on this. This is what i would like my PM to talk during Independence day.
2 0 Sir I want to draw your attention towards the health care system of our nation.While Govt. hospitals are unable to handle all citizens, Private medical hospitals indulge in unethical practices.Heart surgeries are done when the same problem can be cured with medicines. Expensive medical tests are recommended without any need. Doctors charge very high fees. These institutions instead of supporting Govt. health care, is exploiting citizens. Please ensure strict check on hospitals&doctors to save
0 0 Is it possible to announce a site which will list India's achievements "as a country"? For example: *) Mars mission: India - first country to reach mars in first attempt. *) Laughing Buddha: India, first nation to confirm nuclear weapons test, outside the five permanent members of the UNSC. Idea is that visiting this site should make one left with proud feelings. This should MOTIVATE us to DO MORE. This should raise a +ve thought in our mind, about Bharat, about being Bharatiya.
1 0 Respected PM Sir, in order to solve the traffic issues why not senior govt officers having official car facility travel by public conveyance atleast once a week and do not sue the vehicle for that day?
0 0 Sir, I have seen in US(any developed countries for that matter) people in Government sectors don't earn more than the normal wage prevailing in that country but still they work 9 hrs a day and they don't ask for bribe (with interest or fear of punishment), it is just coz of 2 simple and effective reasons 1. Accountability 2. Liability Then know they will be held accountable and liable irrespective of the government running. Please implement something like this in country.
0 0 Sir please share the details those who have given up their gas subsidy how it's helping the poor people so more people can give up and fulfill ur dream. Sir we are always with u and we trust u blindly u are the hope and u are the only future of India. With all rspect Udit Kirankumar Shah
1 0 I heard It is a cottage industry in China in electronics so to get there cheap . Same like Bharath we get cheap , if we start the solar panel is a cottage industry
1 0 Dear Modi Ji, Your “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” would be success properly when all products of Pan, Guthka and Tambacco will be banned in entire India. So please say on 15th Aug for ban of these products. JAI HIND
0 0 Respected sir, please make a rule that each and every citizen of india should say jai hind instead of hello/hi.
0 0 Even after 69th year of independence...india is still not really independent... So It would be better if Mr Narendra Modi would think about transformation of India into a building  better working world.
0 0 #1 A 911 fashioned emergency dial for entire India. #2 Food for all (Model: Operation Sulaimani Kozhikkode) #3 Good quality well maintained Night Shelters in all Indian Municipal town for street dwellers. #4 Launching Housing for all 2022 scheme. #5 Pradhan manthri arogya Yojana - free-cashless hospitalisation, discounted medicines etc.( Umbrella Programme) #6 Voting Right for Regd Internal Migrant labourers #7 Drinking water for all Scheme. #8 Extending Khoya paya to missing women girls.
0 0 Sir, Discuss the issue of terrorism which is creating problem and involvement of people in providing information about suspicious person and also involvement of youth in all level of society and also in disaster time helping people in rescue. jai hind
1 0 Please ask each state governments to create a website like this so that general public can share their ideas relevant to their area, district and respective governments can take it further.
0 0 During independence day celebration, farmers' problems have to be addressed with a promising financial relief. Crop Insurance scheme where Government of India compensates for the premium is one of the options. More details in the attachment. Regards, Dr Narasimhan M.K. www.agriculturalpriceprediction.com
0 0 Please create a committee to overlook the state level/district level works so that everybody feels responsible for their work as of now government people and agencies who win tenders for public services are eager to take money and they don't bother to complete the work in the agreed time. Simple work which can be completed within months are dragged years together. They don't complete their work as they promise in their tenure and it will be back to square 1 with new government every-time.
0 0 You solemnly touched the steps of the Parliament House before entering. We all felt touched by that gesture. We thought we did a good thing by electing you. You also told that every MP has to be respected irrespective of his party since s/he represents a number of people. It was a good message. Now why don't you respect the other partys' demands and behave like a nice big brother and listen to them allowing the dialogue to go on in the Parliament. Two days more, please do something to function.
0 0 Namaste Ji, My suggestion is : We all should use LED bulbs at all areas. Especially all states of India need to replace street light with LED bulbs and old bulbs can be used where street light is not there. We all people should replace all light system with LED bulbs/tube. By this way we will save lots of electricity and saved electricity can be distributed in non electricity areas and we all will save money too. Indian GOV should subsidized LED bulbs & also establish industry in India
2 0 I would like to suggest for agriculture improvement : When we see in india our biggest temple trusts earning so much money by all the way and investing in banks, real-estate etc, instead of that can we asked them to please provide a money package every year for farmer for different states where those farmers can use that money to buy seeds and grow their crop. after all temple trust says they used money to serve food to needy people but that food has to grow in farms by farmers first.
0 0 Modi ji Please start a campaign "Beta Beti Padhao Desh Bachao"(Let your Son and Daughter study and Save the Country).
0 0 one court across the globe for terrorism, all cases of terrorist activity in any nation of world should be hear in this institution, all convict and conspirators shall be hear in this court and judgments shall be given by making international law for terrorism, that's how we can punish terrorists like "hafiz saeed" have declare innocent by pakistani court, all the cases influenced by terror motive should automatically get transfer to this court .. court for global terrorism
0 0 Respected PM, Some of anti social elements like Dal khalsa started to raise khalistan issue in Punjab. A lot of anti nation material has been received on e mails send from Dal khalsa chief paramjit singh sekhon, Through this mail demand for khalistan is raised. Even youth in punjab also started to support khalistan words, khalistan logos openly on social sites. So its time to take step to stop these types of anti social activities. If delays, then it may very late. Jai Hind
0 0 Dear Mr. Narendra Modiji, Indian Citizen Mann Ki Baat – Mirror of India.  Request you to please read attached PDF file.
1 0 I was feeling so patriotic on the Republic Day this year. I proudly watched you, all your coverage in foreign countries. But as days passed on by the time you went to Mongolia I had lost interest in all that. Now my interest to wait for your Independence Day Speech is almost zero unless you want to be yourself. The same old lovely Modi! Please be yourself, be honest and think about the distraught people of the country. Be kind to us. Take care your health and go out in public only if necessary
1 0 Respected PM, I think your speed should be concentrated on the development of Infrastructure in the country. You should say about the timeline of Bolt Train, Smart City, Super Fast Highways as people are loosing there hope from you. One other thing there should be Mono-Train in every city of country so that people life become easy and no pollution. Hope that you will take some step in this regards.
0 0 Basic amenities - drinking water,basic healthcare,electrcity,transportation,internet(now basic necessity) should have same accesibility from rural india as much as it is from Delhi/Mumbai.
0 0 Namaste PM ji, Sir, In the speech, kindly brief about our nation's Freedom Fighters -         Subash Chandrabose, Shaheed Bhagat Singh, Chandra Shekhar Azad. let our new generation enlighten with the patriotic feelings of this great heros. and ""Can we observe/remark one minute silence to show the gratitude to those Great Indian Heros and to our Indian Army who protects our life"" Namaste -arunkumar naduparambil.
0 0 Dear PM, The PSU's in unit level are being headed by the employees from the same PSU and lacks in potential to implement the decisions and lacks in questioning the wrong doings with in the PSU. Hence One of the best possible way to address is by appointing Executive director for unit level & CMD posts from IAS cadre, who can take unbiased decision for rapid growth. i.e., revival of PSU's by keeping right person to right job. Wish all the best
0 0 Dear modiji you are pradansevak of Indians and you have proved it but as voters our pradansevak is not allowed to perform his duties.please give a call from redfort to all those voters let people decide
0 0 Sir, Please find my suggestion for Improvement in Gramin Dak Jiwan Vima System for kind of Indian Mass... Regards, Arun Singh
0 0 # PM: We are facing a very serious problem which is pollution. It is growing day by day. There are so may reason of it. One of them is Deforestation.  Please start a campaign and ask everyone to plant at least one tree. We are 125 crore deshwashi, if 1% of them plant a tree then we will have 1.25 crore trees which is not enough but still good. Please talk something about it.
0 0 plans should be spoken up. The leaders should not test the patience of the people as you know that there have been bloody revolutions in certain countries.Before that situation arrives in the country, the corrupt leaders should awaken, as the law will take it's own course. Law doesn't spare anyone. Modiji people had a lot of expectations from you and please do not let their faith break up with you. If the party is adopting other way, then you should adopt another and move on the right track.
0 0 Our dear prime minister should endorse indian versions of twitter/google/maps/facebook etc. While search engines appear very innocent, they collect details of each citizens. In a war like situation(economic war or even conventional) these details can be very strategic hence its an issue of national security that a foreign country  can have details of each of another country's citizens. Russia and China therefore have banned these sites in their country. High time India did something on those lin
0 0 On 15th August my suggestion
0 0 Hello, Develope Common Application for acsess data of citizen.Easy for govermen work, also for citizen
0 0 What I keyed in earlier got washed out. Nevermind. I will try to reproduce. I was taliking about your silence. If the good man, Mr.Man Mohan Singh was silent because of Sonia Gandhi, who is only technically an Indian and who did not know anything about India, then people think your silence is because of RSS and some corrupt ministers/MPs surrounding you. Boldly come out of it and say it all out. People know you are a clean man but not the same person what you were before taking the PM office
0 0 Let our independence day slogan be “Freedom from Unaccountability”. Let’s form one law to make all work segments, MPs and MLAs, accountable for their duties, with appraisals and performance trackers to weed out low and no-performers. If we turn this law into a social movement, parliamentary & other processes will progress. Our slogan is “Rights come only with responsibility”. A new Performance Investigation Bureau (PIB) at all levels will transform a sluggish India into an efficient global hub.
1 0 address the issue of blocking the functioning of the parliament as they need to be ashamed from the ramparts of the Red Fort. Nitish Kumar is magnifying the DNA issue and wants to hide his faults . Niish Kumar began as an opponent of Lalu- now the corrupt joining hands with the corrupt in order to hide their scams. The Congress and it's allies have become a gang of ghosts for this country. they need to be dealt with harshly. You need to speak up as to what are you doing in this respect. Future
0 0 Respected PM, Namaskar. Non wastage i.e. Savings-BACHAT-of water,electricity,petrol & our valueable time as well.Instead of constructing new colleges, school, any other govt. institutes the existing can be used in #2 shifts.Awreness of common people regarding functioning of various GOVT Bodies right from Grampanchayat to LOKSABHA & awreness re various laws & variou anti social practices like DAHEJ.Utilisation of gold kept idle in various temples by offering some attractive  package. Danyawaad.
0 0 Respected Pm Sir, Please do something for reduce cost of higher education,because it resulted in costly services after completion of education. Because first of all person who complit his study tries recover his money which was spent on his study.
0 0 Conventional Fuel (Petrol-Diesel) Distribution Policy A :  Fuel Price Slab as per Consumption Quantity. One family (BPL-PL-ML) using fuel 500 Ltr /year -------Rate Same!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Another Family (Above Middle Level) using 50000 Ltr/ year -------Rate Same !!!!!! Should Make Policy as per consumption & category may define : Domestic –Commercial-Industrial and issue card to each family....ya may can think various way to make benifit to poor people.....
1 0 Respected Modiji, You should mainly concentrate on the issue of non functioning of the parliament by the Congress party. The way the Congress is putting hurdles in the way of functioning of democracy. Also had it been China or any other Western country, imagine what would have happened to those tainted leaders of Congress. They are forcing the country to a "Bloody revolution". The people are well informed nowadays and they cannot be fooled easily and they know each and every thing. Please
0 0 Hello PM sir, I have below suggestion to think over buy governing body. In India almost every state has Toll Booths where common man has to pay toll to pass through. Salaried employees are paying Income Tax as well Toll Charges. If we provide tax benefit to toll payer under any section will help. In that case no one will have an objection to pay Toll Charges. Thanks, Sandeep.
0 0 Ideas for PM's Speech for Independence Day
0 0 Hello PM USA government have good policy for school Book. Scholl provide Books, it will take back after complete of Standard. So, no need to print more books. It is reduce book cost for family and also for government. also no need to change syllabus every year. Stop this business.
0 0 To err is human. You're the best human of India. You may also do something wrong. But gracefully agree to the mistakes that you have done and say you will correct them.For eg. your golden silence on Lalit Modi case, Vyapam Scam etc was very wrong. Then you will be no different from ManMoun Singh!Be in touch with people. Do not harp on broad and long time measures which would take tens of years to get completed. Talk of immediate measures.People are frustrated because of your silence.
0 0 Clean india mission:- Solid waste to energy
0 0 Respected PM, Namskar. Points : Non wastage i.e. Savings - BACHAT - of water, electricity, petrol and our valueable time as well. Common public as well as public servants must follow the same since saving is production. Instead of constructing new colleges, school, any other govt. institutes the existing can be used in #2 shifts. Awreness
0 0 Suggestion for Poor Student Education. 1. Develop one or More Big School in City with Hostel. Provider all facility are free like uniform, book and etc. 2.  Note Develop school Village wise, Develop Big School (with fully facility) between 5 to 6 villages. Provide transport facility.
0 0 Sir, Please announce a committee which can rectify the problems faced by our education Sector in India so that IIT and IIM in India can be at par with top universities in the world like Oxford and Stanford. The setting of new IIT has only degraded the standard of IIT brand. Instead of setting new institutions, old NIT should be recognised as IIT.We in India are facing a lack of good teachers.An independent commission can be set up to train the teachers. Regards Jatin Jindal
0 0 kya sach me Indians Aazaad hein?? before independence Indians were tortured by the bloody britishers but now indians get tortured everywhere and every moment by indians.public srvnts not doing their duties perfectly but still getting high salary which is the money of people who still fighting for their rights and officers still taking bribes directly and indirectly.All public works meant for root people have estimated to benefit officers, contractors.now people tortured byour own indian police.
0 0 Honorable PM Ji, We are expecting the industrial job opportunities related announcement in the highly proud moment of the 68th Independence day. The defense vehicles,Helicopters,Airplanes and related spare parts may be manufactured in India under "Make In India" scheme in coming years.
0 0 Whenever the congress spokespersons pass a negative comment on your party do not allow your spokesperson to stoop to their level by pointing out their mistakes. There is no point in doing that. The Congress was rejected by the people only because they all did it wrong and so no point in pointing out their mistakes, which are already well known to the people. In case you have gone wrong somewhere & if others point it out agree and be magnanimous and say the mistakes would be corrected.
0 0 Dhananjay tabakade my ideas are here
0 0 Honourable PM Sir, Can we declare next one year as a value system year, where leading figures in Public will strive to create right impressions in the minds of people / their followers. In general as children follow their parents , followers imitate their leaders. people follow what leaders Do and not what they Preach.Can we set an example to Young Generation by being less selfish, more accommodative. Please advice people to have "After You" feeling in all their communications/actions.
0 0 Respected I would like to give my heartiest congratulation on naga peace process.look east policy should be your main agenda for this Independence day. it will boost the trust between mainland india and eastern part of our country.development of the region will bring  more prosperity to region.it will also  led the other insurgent groups to lay down there arms and join the mainstrem of society.so that we can focus more on kashmir and othe fronts of the na tion where we have to counter pakistan.
0 0 I am thankful for giving this opportunity.
0 0 Dear PM Modi Sir, Be rest assured the people and I even now think you are the best person in the country to occupy the Chair of Prime Minister of India. Having said that, I would like you to be not afraid of anything or anybody, be it RSS or Vasundhara Raje or Sushma Swaraj or Arun Jaitley or Shivraj Singh of Vyapam scam. People of India had and even have a hope only in you. If you disappoint them by being "SILENT' on many issues plaguing the image of BJP you will be responsible for it.
0 0 Manyaneey Pradhan Mantri ji Pranam.Mera ek idea hai ki kyu na hum police service,medical service,railway,production company etc ki trah banking service aur court ko bhi 24*7 service me convert ki jaye.jisse hamare desh me jitney bhi Pending case hai unka niptara jaldi se ho payega.our regular banking service se bhi hamare desh ke economic condition me sudhar ho sakegi aur hamare desh ke kai berojgar nagriko ko rojgar mil sakegi.
0 0 Manyneey Pradhan MAntriji.................... apne farmers ke liye konse aur kya nirnay liye hai ,sirf desh ko itna bata dijiye...... thank you......
0 0 Modiji u r such a great leader of our country and u always talk about youth power. You are a idol for everyone. And I likes ur expressions.
0 0 A MARIAPPAN, CHENNAI Respected PM Sir, A Country to develop, Education and Health Care should be freely available to NEEDY People. India is still having millions of People to get good education and health Care.  kindly consider a proposal to free education and health from some vested interest people who are commercialising the NOBLE Professions. The Government must spent lot of money in opening Schools/Colleges/Universities/PHC/Hospitals/Speciality Centres to Develop INDIA to 2020 as Developed
1 0 Dear PM kindly include population control in you speech and spread awarness about it. Today least developed states are the one which has higgest population. We have limited resource and our economy is under severe pressure due to large population. Space is getting resuced day by day kindly do something. Populatiom control is the only long term solution to all our problems. Kindly take some bold steps. Population control is the only way of sustainable development Thanking you Praveen
0 0 Dear Modiji I am a student and want that Education plays a important role in making a country top. Becoz in our country there are many yojanas like. Midday mill,Aanganbari,etc so I request u plz try to make such bill which will close all these yojna and make a powerful bill in which some seats are reserve in private college for poor children who goes to aanganbari. I think gov should not invest money on these yojnas and invest on private college in which the poor children have not to fee.
0 0 Manyaneey Pradhan Manthriji, Pranam. Please announce the following benifits to Bank Pensioners on Inndependence Day,they have been suffering loss for two decades.In recognition of their contribution to socioeconomic development Proportionate increase in Pension, whenever wages are revised, as in Government.Family Pension is fixed 30% of Pay as in RBI.Ombudsman will be appointed to streamline Pension and related matters for BankRetirees and Bank Pensioners." You will win hearts of lakhsDhanyawad.
0 0 Sir, u try to know about the present status of children.most of the children are not getting the education,working as a child labour to help their living and to get food,suffering from malnutrition. kya ye chote masumon ko v kaam karne ki noubat aa gaya hai?jahan hamare politicians k liye subcidized foods and other benefits mil raha hai wahan kya inn masumon k sath naainsanfii nhi ho raha hai? Aap bade logon k liye soch rahe hein but aap inn garibon k liye, inn masumon k liye kya kr rahe hein?
0 0 Honourable PM Ji, My Idea is in the Independence day You have to Consider About Youth Entrepreneur Development Program And Green Energy Like Wind And Solar
0 0 Honorable Prime Ministerji The following can be included in the speech 1. Thrust can be given to organic farming which is our ancient system and it will avoid many diseases to the people 2.Marketability for the Agriculture products to be improved as well as storage of the products 3.Prediction of the rain and climate changes should reach to the real farmers well in advance to plan their Cultivation 4. System to be developed to access the Organic farming techniques by farmers easily
0 0 High level posts who work for the policy and decision making for upliftment of SCSTs related issues in India are held by the sabarns (non SC ST categories).In this status how we can hope for the development of SCSTs in India.Application of catch-up Rule in promotion restricts SCSTs to hold higher posts in Govt.Is it not a constraints in path of SCST's Development.There need a thought for change in policy...
0 0 Respected PM sir, We ,the Indians r very fortunate that we have a great leader like u whose sole purpose is to bring peace n prosperity in r country. We hope n believe that the country shl keep touching the heights of success under or great leadership. But sir the way r educated opposition Congress party is behaving and continuously interrupting the function of Parliament is very unfortunate as they are playing with the future of crores of IndiansIndians. So pleaseplease do something sirsir
0 0 Sir Pl.ask the nation “What Independence Means” 1.	Whether Independence means , not allowing parliament to function. 2.	Observing respective religion procession and putting people to discomfort as happened during Kanwar Yatra 3.	Staging protest march to Parliament  with unruly mob. 4.	Character assassination to gain political mileage as done by Congress general secretary Gurudas Kamat 5.	Media can show any news without caring for its consequences as in case of Yakub Menon.
0 0 Sir After green revolution (Agriculture), white revolution (milk), time has come to start saffron revolution (energy revolution). Every house and village should be net donor of electricity to the grid by using solar,bio gas energy.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. XI (ELEVEN) As a responsible, reliable, efficient and effective global identity, India responded the best in handling the 'Humanitarian crises' in Yemen and Nepal recently. The entire global community sincerely appreciated the efforts of our special forces. Our forces managed the domestic, natural disasters, including J&K, exceptionally well. The entire Nation salutes the spirit of our special forces. Jai Hind, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Honorable PM - See if this points , can take space in your Independence Speech. All this are related or part of your various drive. 1. Self employment for Skilled, Unskilled unemployment , thro entrepreneurship camp. 2. Discount on Tax - for entrepreneur - having supportive to Unemployment, Rural education, Swacha Bharat & supporting aboriginal heritage and culture. 3. Make in India drive for Heavy Engineering, and Telecom. and expand the boundaries beyond DRDO, HAL, BHEL,BSNL
0 0 Hon'ble PM Swatch Bharat Andolan loosing its speed,hence talk about Swatch Bharat Andolan in your Independence Day speech.
0 0 Sir, at first I salute u for your honesty towards our country and country people.now the issue to share with u. women and girls in India are not still safe now.they fear to go out from home for their work, job, study.they always get abused and misbehaved by the their country people.they are not safe outside of home.so I want to know from u that what steps u have taken for our angels sothat they feel safe outside and get wellbehaved and respect.allow them to show their potential.#PM
0 0 Dear Sir, Continuation to Volunteer National Security Tax.. Kindly introduce these on Independence Day. We all know that some people making more than they want and some people struggling to catch their needs. If these idea goes successful then we can give balance life to every citizen in our country with equal study, equal healthcare inside strong fence equipped with great technology around every corner of India. Jai Hind! Thanks for the opportunity!!! Shyamkumar.
0 0 Respected Sir, I would like to suggest you that we should think about the children of down trodden class who are enrolled for primary education but many of them never complete their primary education. such children join the school ,but gradually, they  become irregular ;only attend school  for scholarship ; slow learners and  feel inferior than others. As we know education is the only way to defeat poverty.Need to focus on primary Education for children of poverty stricken people. Thank You!
0 0 First of all I would like to give thanks for the same. This is our 69th Indian Independence day  which would be celebrate on 15th August 2015. Although this is celebration day but most of the  Peoples of the country do celebrate this day in form of HOLIDAY. My suggestion is that this day should be very important for every Indian. For this some special things/announcement to be launched/broadcast on this day which are directly or indirectly beneficial to the citizen or the nation.
0 0 why are people having LOT OF MONEY ARE EVADING TAXES??PL ASK OUR COUNTY PEOPLE. ELECTED POLITICIAN AND OFFICIAL IN THE GOVERNMENT AND GOOD BUSINESS ESTABLISHMENTS SHOULD SET EXAMPLE OF SWACH AND NOT ENCOURAGE CORRUPTION
0 0 why are people having LOT OF MONEY ARE EVADING TAXES??PL ASK OUR COUNTY PEOPLE. ELECTED POLITICIAN AND OFFICIAL IN THE GOVERNMENT AND GOOD BUSINESS ESTABLISHMENTS SHOULD SET EXAMPLE OF SWACH AND NOT ENCOURAGE CORRUPTION
0 0 Our beloved Pradhan Mantriji, The idea of swatch bharat was really appriciable. But the major drawback in implemenattion of same in all cities is lack of dustbins by the muncipalities/local governance. When people use any item including fooding may be in town or roads there is no place to dump the garbage. An iniciative in the same shall help in creating swatch bharat.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - X (TEN) India ranked No. 1 destination for investment. India received $ 19.78 billion Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) from nations visited by Hon'ble PM in FY15. During 2014-15, FDI in India increased by 27 % to $ 30.93 billion. 'Make in India' and 'Digital India' promising success stories, will transform the landscape of India. Airbus, Foxconn, Boeing, Xiaomi and many more committing investments in India. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Hon'ble PM, Your Excellency Inspiring by your "Swachh Bharat Mission" I sent two letters on 04.7 & 10.12.14,also to Rly.Minister on 18.2.15 by speed post for h/over 25 points prog. for the sake of Indian Rly. to make it world class one not by steep hike of fares(said letters may pl. be refer). My 2nd suggestion is to establish an Unique Pathsala countrywide to sweep out corruption from its grass-roots for which also I want to h/over 50 points prog. Kindly reply. With Regards Nirmal kr.Biswas
0 0 Dear Sir, Continuation to Volunteer National Security Tax.. Also another one is Volunteer National Education Tax of 0.5% or 1% from citizen's salary pm. Every child in India from Kanyakumar to Kashmir will get equal study. The syllabus will be same across national with additonal State language. We can request citizen's of India to enroll on anyone of VNST, VNET OR VNHT and or all three based on their comfortable and preferences. Jai Hind!
1 0 Sir, on I-Day please salute those soliders  who are miles away from their homes for their devotion and endless efforts to make our people safe and secure. Sir please mention about poverty and corruption also because we want India to be on top of the nations and this two desies making us hollow from inside.Sir put your eye on Education sector also which is lacking far behind from developd nations.
0 0 Dear Pradhan Sevakji, Being an Engineer,I feel except some few personalities Like Dr APJ Abdul Kalam,are venturing to foreign countries for exploring their financial and personal status.On the context I would like to request Modiji to chalk out some innovative initiatives to prevent Brain Drain in all fronts.Let the technocrats of India become more visionaries for their mother land.Namaste, B K Pradhan.
0 0 Namaskar Pradhanmantri Ji . I as an citizen of India want to suggest you that existing public role only during voting will not make real democracy . i request you to create an environment of PUBLIC+GOVERNMENT participation more then that of mere voting. Like an Ancient Greek system . JAI HIND .
0 0 sir ram ram sir mey j&k key Kathua jily sey hu app ney Kathua rally mey kaha tha ki Kathua mey special Bharti karwai jaygi sir Kathua aur Jammu key log desh bhagat hey yeh app ney amarnath muddy ki strike mey dekha hoga sir ajj v chahy army ki bhrati ho ya police ki sabsey yada dhyan kashmirio ko diya jatta hey yo app aye din dekh rahy hey ki wo log desh virodhi gatividio mey lagy rehtey hey pehli Barr centre aur yaha j&k mey hamrey anurup sarkar bani hey sir app sey dil sey anurodh hey ki Jammu Kathua mey special bhrati chlyi Jay dhnyawad appka adna sa sewak harjeet Verma jila Kathua j&k
0 0 Dear Sir, Continuation to Volunteer National Security Tax.. We can introduce Volunteer National Health Tax minimum of 0.5% or 1% from citizen's salary pm. This will enhance the Healthcare environment in India. The sanitary of Each Govt Hospital in India will look alike top private hospitals. So that people will prefer to get treatment from Govt Hospitals that makes Private hubs to enroll with Govt to provide health care services. Jai Hind!
0 0 farmers are eye for nation: FARMERS FAMILY 24HRX365DAYS WORKING FOR NATION . BUT FARMERS FAMILY NOT WELL NOW WHY ? FARMERS INVESTMENT ONLY FOR FOOD PRODUCTION. ALL ARE ENJOY HAPPILY AND TASTE THEIR INVESTMENT.BUT FARMERS FOOD PRODUCTION INVESTMENT NOT COME TO THEIR HAND GET LOSSES FARMERS LOSSES ONLY NATIONAL LOSSES SO FARMERS LOSES GIVE HELP TO FARMERS BANK LOANS FULLY CANCEL THE AUGUST 15TH 2015 AND GIVE FULL SUPPORT TO REFRESH THEIR FARMERS LIFE.NOW DAY FARMERS FAMILY GOING TO DEATH Condition
0 0 Sir Govt. of India me jo log Retirement ke baad fir se dobara job me recruit kiye ja rahe Please is system ko turant band karwa dijiye. Yuvao ko mauka milna chahiye....... PLEASE Sir Its a Very Serious Matter.
0 0 Respected Sir, 1. Please pass ONE RANK ONE PENSION scheme because they are the only one who contributed for us throughout life 2. For Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan special incentives to labour who are cleaning our nearby 3. For physically Differently able person for their better livelihood to promote them in terms of more ITI admission so they could do their job very easily 4. Special Pay Grades to our Police Department because they are really contributing their life 24/7. 4.
0 0 Dear Pradhan Sevakji, Until the currency will be in the market ,corruption will be their.Cant we make India digitalised so that currency shall not be used in the market by implementing the smart cards to all Indian citizens as the way we are using internet banking.I hope in this process the true value of the currency transaction can be routed through a server.However the shops ,establishment where currency is required need to have currency evaluating machines.That is what the true digital India
1 0 This is my "mann ki baat" i really don't no how it works for Government
0 0 Various reasons for Disease.
0 0 Any Good Therapy do not ignore Basic Causes of Health.
0 0 Farmers are eye for nation :NOWADAYS FARMERS FAMILY IS VERY POOR AND GET MORE DIFFICULTY. SO GOVT GIVE FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS SIDE MUST . ALL ARE ENJOY HAPPILY  FARMERS LOSSES ONLY NATIONAL LOSSES  SO FARMERS LOSES GIVE HELP TO FARMERS BANK LOANS   FULLY CANCEL THE  AUGUST 15TH 2015 AND GIVE FULL SUPPORT TO REFRESH THEIR FARMERS LIFE. NOW DAY FARMERS FAMILY GOING TO DEATH CONDITION.   THANKING YOU             FOR PUBLIC     KS.KATHIRUVELU       publichelpline.in      &     publichelpworld.com
0 0 Dear Our Beloved Pradhan Sevak, My hearty congratulation for your successful track record being a prime minister of Indian Republic.Bharat is expecting a lot from a Pradhan Sevak like you for its up gradation in economical and social front.Modiji ,I would like you to discuss the prevailing issues which are more prominent for growth of our nation(Bharat Mata) is Education,Population and Corruption and Unemployment.I feel there is a link between the aforesaid factors governing our country.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - IX 'India as a Knowledge Society' - Special mention of Nobel Laureates, Scientists, Teachers etc. Revitalisation of 'Indian Knowledge Commission', Proposed - National Pedagogical University of India (NCERT may be merged and its infrastructure upgraded and utilised), existing eminent researchers and practitioners from different fields to be part of initial set up. Let us build a futuristic India. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
1 0 sir, this year CBSE X result was declared on 28.5.15 & about 13,74000 students appear in exam and about 10 lac students have passed, the new session started on 1.7.15 but sir the cbse affiliated schools are charging fee from April 15, how can the school charge fee without teaching, the total corruption is 7500/- × 1000000= 7500000000 every year,as the each school charge 2500 per/month
0 0 Health Departments must change its Attitudes for promoting  various Effective Therapies.
0 0 Sir, Please sensitize people in two subjects. First no-silence on any type of crimes. There must be a special number where everybody can report of crimes happening or to happen. Even one can post some proofs. The identity must be protected. Second is asking distressed farmers to call a number before taking extreme steps. The district administration must ensure such things do not happen.
0 0 Manniy Shri Narendrabhai, kindly speak on awareness regarding quality of education among students. Yen ken prakaren....to receive degree is causing a big chaos....e.g. medical professionals have degree but do not to know how to diagnose disease and treat the patient.
0 0 GOVT MOMENT IS ONLY PUBLIC SERVICE , AND GIVE FULL PROTECTION TO PUBLIC , GIVE TO SERVICE EACH AND EVERY BODY WILL GET EVERY THINGS , SO EVERY BODY'S  WILL COME TO SATISFACTION.OUR NATION IS AGRICULTURE BASED COUNTRY .BUT FARMER IS  NOT WELL NOW .  THEY ARE WORKING FOR NATIONAL FOOD PRODUCTION WHOLE FARMERS FAMILY 24HRX365DAYS WORKING FOR NATION . BUT FARMERS FAMILY NOT WELL NOW WHY ? FARMERS INVESTMENT ONLY FOR FOOD PRODUCTION. ALL ARE ENJOY HAPPILY AND TASTE THEIR INVESTMENT . BUT FARMERS  FOO
0 0 Respected Sir, The following burning issue may be highlighted. Steps needs to be taken for control of population growth in our country with the various schemes for people having only one or two children. To move country in fast track, control population growth is essentially required.
0 0 In last 15 months our PM made multiple foreign tours, which are Unprecedented, but unfortunate misinformations spread in the normal people, and strong outcome not received. May i request if hon PM address the advantages in the short & medium term to the nation. Thank you
0 0 farmers are eye for nation :GOVT MOMENT IS ONLY PUBLIC SERVICE , AND GIVE FULL PROTECTION TO PUBLIC , GIVE TO SERVICE EACH AND EVERY BODY WILL GET EVERY THINGS , SO EVERY BODY'S  WILL COME TO SATISFACTION.OUR NATION IS AGRICULTURE BASED COUNTRY .BUT FARMER IS  NOT WELL NOW .  THEY ARE WORKING FOR NATIONAL FOOD PRODUCTION WHOLE FARMERS FAMILY 24HRX365DAYS WORKING FOR NATION . BUT FARMERS FAMILY NOT WELL NOW WHY ? FARMERS INVESTMENT ONLY FOR FOOD PRODUCTION. ALL ARE ENJOY HAPPILY AND TASTE THE
0 0 MODIJEE  NOMOSKAR..............NOW OUR GOVT. OF INDIA'S POSITION IS CONFUSING, BECAUSE GENERAL PEOPLES WHO THOSE WERE VOTED YOU OTHER THAN HARDCORE BJP SUPPORTERS, THEY SPECIALLY FELLING HOPELESS ( CREATED BY OPP. PARTIES ), SO SIR I FEEL THEY HOPE TOO MUCH AND DREAMING THAT YOU CAN CHANGE THEIR LIFE WITH YOUR MAGIC STICK. ITS TOUGH BUT NOT IMPOSSIBLE, SO SIR I HAVE A SECRET SURVEY.....WAITING TO DELIVER YOU. ITS CONFIRM THAT EVERYTHING WILL BE CHANGED  AND A GOLDEN SPACE FOR YOU,JOYHIND.
0 0 MODIJEE  NOMOSKAR..............NOW OUR GOVT. OF INDIA'S POSITION IS CONFUSING, BECAUSE GENERAL PEOPLES WHO THOSE WERE VOTED YOU OTHER THAN HARDCORE BJP SUPPORTERS, THEY SPECIALLY FELLING HOPELESS ( CREATED BY OPP. PARTIES ), SO SIR I FEEL THEY HOPE TOO MUCH AND DREAMING THAT YOU CAN CHANGE THEIR LIFE WITH YOUR MAGIC STICK. ITS TOUGH BUT NOT IMPOSSIBLE, SO SIR I HAVE A SECRET SURVEY.....WAITING TO DELIVER YOU. ITS CONFIRM THAT EVERYTHING WILL BE CHANGED  AND A GOLDEN SPACE FOR YOU,JOYHIND.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - SUGGESTIONS - CONTD. VIII NRI / PEOPLE OF INDIAN COMMUNITY Expressing thanks for having made all the foreign trips of Hon’ble PM an overwhelming success. Proposed initiative - Pravaasi Pyaare Desh Pukaare / Give back to your roots / India beckons - Invest in India - ‘Make in India’, ‘Mera Gaon Mera Desh (adopt your village), etc., promote 'India' as a brand - Heritage and Tourism, Yoga, Indian products etc. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Government Health Authorities must review the Adverse Effects of Treatment and find out the reasons for the increasing number of Patients & New Diseases, and if necessary change in the Health Policy to provide proper Health to every Indian at reasonable cost.
0 0 On the occasion of Independence day The PM of our nation must have speech on Poverty in India. The BPL (below poverty line) ratio increasingly day by day
0 0 PM MODI TO SAY EVERY INDIAN SHOULD KEEP INDIAN FLAG IN THEIR WORK PLACE ,HOME ,OFFICE, WHICH ARE MADE BY PRIMARY SCHOOL STUDENTS AND WILL BE THE FIRST STEP OF MAKE IN INDIA AND MONEY MADE BY SELLING FLAGS WILL BE USED FOR ALL INDIAN PRIMARY SCHOOL CHILDREN DEVELOPMENT COST OF ONE FLAG WILL BE 2 RS. THANKYOU
0 0 Modi Sir, Congratulations for independence day! i would like to share my idea to give some focus on the cities traffic and cost control. Everyday we say there is a huge chunk of new cars on the city roads hence the idea is to start a campaign to ask people to buy pre owned cars. This will benefit the overall economics by 1) non relevant cost of new car cost reduced for the purchaser 2) control on people tendency to keep buying new cars(reduce some traffic) 3)saving on fresh production car cost
0 0 Hon'able PM of India I would like to suggest my views on the issue of day by day increasing Unemployment in our country. This has become a crucial issue now a days. Many of us don't get any job because of lack of factor such as poverty, costly education , infrastructure, faculty , increasing population etc.
0 0 Self Reliant therapies are Original System of Health. It is wrong to consider them as an Alternative as suggested by Modern Health Science. Please review the Health Policy and Promote Effective Therapies because Health should be the top priority of any Government.
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Namaste! On the forth coming Independence day of Bhaarat Bhoomi, I hereby suggest the following 2 things to be mentioned in Your Honour's speech - 1] The present Govt will do everything in its capacity to retain the Culture and Traditions of our country 2] The present Govt, in the forth coming years, aims to make India - A great business hub, great service hub, great Agriculture hub, great Education hub and a great Defence Hub. Regards
0 0 Questions which need clarifications from the Government Health Authorities.
0 0 SIR NAMASKAR, MAI ADITYA PATHAK EK GARIB PARIWAR SE DEPEND KARTA HU ,,,SIR HAMNE GARIBI KO BAHUT HI NAZDIK SE DEKHA HAI SAYAD UTNA AP KO V EHSAS NHI HUA HO,,,SIR AP 15 AUGUST KE SPEECH EK MATTER JARUR BOLIYEGA SIR WO HAI ROJGAR..MUJHE APSE NIVDAN HAI AP ROJGAR KE BISAY ME JARUR BOLIYEGA ,,SIR HAMARA DESH KA ARTHIK AWASTHA BAHUT HI DAYANIYA BANA HUA HAI ,,YAHA GRADUATED OR HS PASSED KI SANKHYA KARORO ME HAI JO AJ V UNEMPLOYED HAI.. SO MERA TO YAHI NIVEDAN HAIAP ISPAR JARUR BICHAR KIJIYEGA
0 0 Dear Sir, Problem:Insufficient equipment’s or technology in our Defense-I feel really shame when other countries muscle up to fear us with their advanced equipment’s in their defense line up. Solution:I humbly request you to introduce the Volunteer National Security Tax with minimum 0.5%/1% contribution from the citizen’s salary pm on this Independence Day. How:VNST should be deducted along with EPF so that we can make sure that we aren’t wasting this funds on staffing or managing. Jai hind!
1 0 Dear Prime Ministerji, Independance should be some group action , like we have done for the YOGA days and not a usual speech with full of Ideas
0 0 1. On Birthday He or She should adopt a Tree Plantation near house, Gram Panchayat, Municipal Council. 2. Adopt Community Marriage (Samuhik Sameelan) this will not only reduce expenditure in Marriages but also the drift between Rich and Poor. 3. Adopt everyday for some noble cause like help old age citizen, physically disabled to cross road, remove stones from path to avoid accident, Education to poor children and even a day spent with Ill in Hospital. R.P.Rathore 9460567063
0 0 Government must clarify clearly the parameters of Good Health, Correct Diagnosis, Effective Permanent Treatment without Adverse Effect, so that various Effective Therapies can be compared on those parameters. Modern Health Science Experts should not be permitted to comments on any therapy for which they have got no knowledge.
0 0 Whether it is possible to have same Parameters of two Similar Patients. So How medicines manufactured in the factory can be considered as reliable, having no side Effects. Therefore Government must promote Self Reliant Drugless Therapies which are more Effective & Reliable and are having no side effects. Necessary amendment in Health Policy is the need of the time.
0 0 Contd:Clarify the dubious people of India on the importance of bills like GST and Labour Reforms which are meant for Economic Reforms-II(as it happened in Economic Reforms-I in 1990s). Some more issues include Corruption, Food Safety, International Relations for economic boost, policies meant for enhancing economy to an export based one, Safety of Women, Development plans of North-east, Land Bill,Farmer Suicides, Special Status to the undeveloped states. These are my views to be included.
0 0 I suggest to pay heed on wide range of issues. To start with, terrorism in the wake of current attacks on the Indian soil and along the LOC and International Border. Reiterate the stance on flagship schemes such as Swachh Bharath, Digital India, FDIs, New policy on Education, strengthening of providing basic Healthcare and infrastructure so as to achieve UN's Sustainable Development Goals 2030 (Caution: We failed to reach Millennium Development Goals-2015 in some aspects such as IMR,MMR etc.)
0 0 Suggestions on 15 August 2015 for the announcement from Lal Qila (Red Fort) Delhi. 1.	Announcement from Red Fort, New Delhi about soldiers of Indian Army. 2.	Announcement from your side to appreciate the Army Officers, JCOs and Jawans include Para Military Force. 3.	One rank one pension for Army. 4.	Announcement of the 7th pay commission 5.	Double pay of the soldiers of Indian Army in 7th pay commission.
0 0 Thank You Modiji for giving this wonderful opportunity. What I'm thinking is Like Swatch Bharath, You please kick-start a mission-"GREEN BHARATH" Making Green our nation requires utmost importance. You can inspire the Youth. Also pls speak about Educated India as Skill India
0 0 PASS GST BILL IN THIS SESSION AS ITS DELAY WILL HURT EACH OF 127 CRORE INDIANS : TWO PERSONS RAHUL AND SONIA, CANNOT HOLD COUNTRY TO RANSOM. PARTY REJECTED BY PEOPLE SHOULD WAIT FOR 2019 ELECTIONS. LIKE SUSPENSION OF 25 CONGRESS MP OF LOK SABHA, ASK CHAIRMAN TO SUSPEND ALL 68 CONGRESS MP OF RAJYA SABHA AND GET IT PASSED BY REMAINING. MISSING DATELINE OF APRIL 2016 WILL HURT ECONOMY AND BJP PROSPECTS IN FUTURE ELECTIONS. CONGRESS IS ONLY INTERESTED IN DIVIDE AND RULE AND NOT IN GST REFORMS
0 0 Government should not Blindly follow the Modern Health Science and Review the Adverse effects of Vaccinations also from the Scientific reports available all over the world.
0 0 Hello Sir, More then 500000 people die every year waiting for organ donors in INDIA.As 13 AUGUST is called organ donation day.So from your  medium i want to tell all the people of INDIA to donate one organ or whole body after death so we can save someone life .I'm 20 yrs old and today i have taken pledge to donate my organ. As a youth of INDIA i'm thinking like this so plzzzz kindly get aware of this ..
0 0 'Mata,Pita,Guru daivam.'I would like the PM of my country to talk about 'Guru'.In many schemes such as 'Padhe bharat, Bade bharat';'Beti bachao beti padao' there is stress on child and education but what about him/her who bestows the education to children?.Guru(Teacher) is the one who can attribute knowledge to lead one s life independently.Why are we not seeking to to create a platform(job providing scheme) to increase the strength of Teachers in the country? Lets think of "Intelligent" INDIA.
0 0 Government must adopted Holistic Approach in Health and Review the Reliability of Present Diagnosis system which is considered to be most Scientific and Correct.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Thank you for the opportunity. I sincerely believe the updates on the existing initiatives and known issues would be addressed. To add to it, my expectation would be to hear you address the nation in bringing a harmony and discipline among the citizens through the righteousness in the individual minds, as Dr. Kalam said. The root cause for many problems that we face today is selfishness driven indiscipline and not live the way our forefathers taught us for centuries.
0 0 Dear PM sir, I would like to hear from you, on this independence day about: 1. Made in India. 2. initiatives to maintain and increase the quality of education and research in India 3. Progress made so far in swachha bharat abhiyan 4. imposing some screening methods on media news coverage, as we know, we need to respect freedom of media, but the media which dedicate 18 hours in a day for discussion of hanging of terrorist, punished by court of law, surely needs some rules to guide
0 0 Why is India not working faster towards robotics? Our country is focusing on skill development. We should consider robotics for not just automation of production processes but also to help people when they are not too productive in later years of life. Budget allocation towards automation in industries should be encouraged. Cities enabled with technology/robotics for old people or disabled should be considered in development plan.
1 0 Dear Modi Jee, Now the time has come to take decision for running parliament by hook or crook, to much of loss just becoz of congress. why not you will take hard steps to arrest lalit modi from uk and take decision all people who have involve in IPL. Kuch toh app ko bhi karna hoga, People are waiting for your speech on 15th aug so do as per public expectation otherwise people will also forget you.we love you and know you are honest but any circumtance ,u have to manage the situation.Thanks
0 0 Government must review Health Policy on top priority to incorporate all Effective systems of Treatment. In modern Health Science Mental & Spiritual cause of Diseases are almost ignored so such Diagnosis can not be considered as Reliable and So Treatment is also not Permanent.
0 0 Respected Sir We have to set a target of ZERO PLASTICS TO LAND FILL BY 2022 in the country in Swacha bharat abhiyan •	Plastic waste collected from house hold should not be allowed to be taken to the landfill. Instead it should be recycled or taken to the Plastic waste processing plants.•	Plastic waste collection centers to be set up separately in every dumping yard across the district. •Energy recovery oriented Plastic waste to fuel/gas/power Plants to be encouraged in every district..
0 0 Dear Sir, WE feeling embarrssing that you are not taking hard steps against congress mainly rahul and his family, take immediate action on robert vadera and open all illegal purchase of land in haryana then you see the result.How u r facing problem for passing GST in Parliament and how they creating problem. Nonsense people of congress and need Leader like Sardar Patel at this time.
0 0 Sir,we have to give an befitting reply to Pakistan for killing innocent Indian civilians at the border and for their infiltration efforts. To curb their activities and to create an peaceful environment for bordered civilians we have to relocate line of control(LOC) hope you do so...thank you sir
0 0 Aadhaar enrollment is big scam and looting every citizen in India by contractors and govt employees. For enroll Aadhaar one has to pay Rs 100 to the agency at Rayachoti, Cuddapah district in Andhra Pradesh. Now election commission is linking Aadhaar to Voter id, how can one understand Transparency in Govt policy. Firstly it is done in wrong way, secondly CEO dependent upon Aadhaar status. Now Supreme court has said aadhaar is an option. PM sirjii people are frustrating please do something.
0 0 Please give suggestions to young people to do not drink or smoke. Follow traffic rules. Maintain decepline. And must suggest respect women. And follow rules. Because for youth, breaking rules is fun.
0 0 Sir, We hold our National Flag at heights with pride. We feel proud when our Flag is held high among the other nations flag during sports and other events. But we forgot the man who designed our National Flag? Even many in our country do not know about the man who designed our National Flag. It is too late, still why dont we honor the man atleast today. I would like the Nation to listen from you a few words about this great man Pingali Venkayya, the designer of our flag, on Independance day.
0 0 For clean india mission.one important step to announce is  dustbin avaibility and collection of garbage. UNCLEANLINESS Habit IN PEOPLE OF INDIA  is  large extent due to unavailable place to throw garbage. ANNOUNCE some public private partnership project in this regard to manage dustbin (large,moderate,smallsize ) across some states to start with and implement it gradually over rest india. Coporates or voluntry fund scheme for clean india may be also initiated for this. regards.dr pragnesh
0 0 Dear PM, 1. Why make in India? Why not made in India? 2. To develop the Infrastructure we are converted Two way road to 4 way road. To do that we are removed so many old trees(500 yr old) because of that our earth is getting worm day by day. To avoid global warming what is our(ind) plan? 3. Why do we request Pepsi and Cock to add fruits in their drinks? Why don't we order them? 4. Where we are to develop organic Foods? Why can't we band non organic band? balance in next chance, thanks.
0 0 Honble Prime Minister Sir,Namaskar.I want to share my views on conditions rules acts facilities issued by Govt from time to time for the benefit of differently abled children and their parents/caregivers.It is good that Govt and Govt agencies have clear pictures of difficulties encountered by multiple disabled children and their guardian/parents/caregivers but question arises whether these rules,acts,notifications are strictly followed and checked.I feel and experience it is not.....Regards
0 0 Dear PM,I believe this independence day should promote "India in Action" Suggestions: 1. Reforms should start from home. So it would be great if you can get all your colleagues to join "GiveItUp" and present the result to people on this independence day. This will definitely inspire many. 2. myGov.in is my personal favourite initiative. But I always feel lack of interactivity. Atleast daily/weekly responses ensures voices heard. One way, most of the times ends with sustainability problems.
0 0 ?????? ????????? ??????? ????????? ??? ????? ?? ???? ???? ??? ?? 1 ????? ??. *voter ?? ??? ATM CARD ???? smart voting card ???? ??????. *?? ????? ??? ???? ?? ?? Information(assembly constituency,EPIC NO,Serial no,personal details) ???? ??          password ????. ?? ?? ????? ?? swap ???? ?? ?????       election commission  ?? ??? ?? swap machine ???? ????? ??. *?? smart voting card ?? votar ???? ???? ??? ?? ??? ?? ?? ???? assembly constituency ??? ?????? ???? ?? ?????? ???? ??????. *voter ?? vote ??? ???? ?????? ??? ?????? ????? ??? ?? ??? assembly           constituency ??? ???? ??? ??. *?? voter ??? job ???? ?? ??? ?? ?? ?? ????? ?? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ???? ??. *#?????:- 1)???? ?????? ???? ???? 2)?????? percentage ????? 3)?????? ??????? ?? ??? ??????? ?????? ??????. *?? ?? ??????? ?????? ?? basic idea ??.  ????? ?? ?????????? ?? gov ????? ???? ????? ????? ?? ???? ??.
0 0 ?????? ????????? ??????? ????????? ??? ????? ?? ???? ???? ??? ?? 1 ????? ??. *voter ?? ??? ATM CARD ???? smart voting card ???? ??????. *?? ????? ??? ???? ?? ?? Information(assembly constituency,EPIC NO,Serial no,personal details) ???? ??          password ????. ?? ?? ????? ?? swap ???? ?? ?????       election commission  ?? ??? ?? swap machine ???? ????? ??. *?? smart voting card ?? votar ???? ???? ??? ?? ??? ?? ?? ???? assembly constituency ??? ?????? ???? ?? ?????? ???? ??????. *voter ?? vote ??? ???? ?????? ??? ?????? ????? ??? ?? ??? assembly           constituency ??? ???? ??? ??. *?? voter ??? job ???? ?? ??? ?? ?? ?? ????? ?? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ???? ??. *#?????:- 1)???? ?????? ???? ???? 2)?????? percentage ????? 3)?????? ??????? ?? ??? ??????? ?????? ??????. *?? ?? ??????? ?????? ?? basic idea ??.  ????? ?? ?????????? ?? gov ????? ???? ????? ????? ?? ???? ??.
0 0 Sir, I work for an organisation in field of financial inclusion. We are currently working with Ministry of PNG to replace Kerosene with better alternative fuels. Currently there are some 500,000 deaths because of indoor air pollution caused mainly by cooking on wood or dung cake. If we could replace it with Solar lighting and LPG it will be great service to the country. #PM#IndependenceDay#15thAugust
1 0 Remove caste base reservation. Caste is a thing that never change without rebirth. So the one who born in reserved continuously take benefit of it and the required one does not take benefit of it. Poverty never ask your caste it come. Poverty it is another name of backwardness. At least you should remove OBC because there is no definition of OBC in constitution it is use for votebeank. Quality of our country affected by it. One doctor with 45% and other with 95% not affect on treatment??
0 0 sir, in this independence we would like to hear about national education policy , and their impact, as well you must share ideas to improve city by there locals idea, and things to be covered by govt with aadhar which would not effect privacy but easy system, and for commercial sectors which is being developed in this year by govt , improving indianpost by different ideas, and not free but as in infrastructure low budget high speed wifi internet to be provided in coming next year should be implemented.
0 0 Sir we have so many hopes from yours gov.such as make anti corrupted Indian gov.make our gov for people .also make permanent solution for drought area like Riverjoint Project as early as possible
0 0 In India we work every day for at least 9 to 10 hours and also travel time  place and  which takes about two hours.We spend very limited time with family and friends.In US,Europe, Australia Saturday and Sundays are weekly offs.Similarly if India too practices this , productivity will improve as every one will be energised.Also certain expenses like travel cost, electricity expenses at offices will come down.Health condition will improve as it will destress and give time for sports activities.
0 0 Respected Priminister Sir, I would like to sahre that the All the elections whether it is Lok Sabha ,Vidhan Sabha,Block level,Pancyat Lavel or any kind of election should be organized same time and fixed month. 1)This will save lot of Money from Tax payers making election arrangements at a time for all the post. 2)Lot of Time saving because at present due to elections there is lot of works kept pending due to code of conduct . Regards, Anupam Prakash
0 0 Sir,we know that you cannot contact each citizen and solve their problems but there should be some response from your office at least we send you mails,messages share our ideas but we never know whether you have read it or not whether some action will be taken or not.If we send you some of our problem or submit some complain details then we feel we are not getting any positive response we dont even know whether its even read or not.So there should be some way to know that we are being responded
1 0 Sir,cleanliness is maintained by the municipal corporations/nagar parishad in the urban areas.The rural markets in india always face difficulty in the disposal of wastes as there is no apex body to maintain cleanliness  there. Swacchh bharat abhiyan can only be complete when the rural markets (like Chandil, haludpukur,baharagora etc in jharkhand) will look clean.only awareness is not sufficient,govt support is also needed.
0 0 Need Action plan for Corruption government employee. Because Political have to work thought government emp. If government emp will become good. Definitely, Corruption ratio down. Suggestion 1. Create Mobile Apps, for normal citizen add complain by it. Complain must be solve within 28 days. if not solve , then cut 100 rs from emp of head Department 2. Every year survey property of Government emp, also family. If any emp arrested for Corruption, need immediate action like Suspend and sea
0 0 Sir, In all kinds of forms we should have an option to select our religion as 'BELONGS TO NO RELIGION'!
0 0 Sir,he important topic is security of women even girls just born are nowadays raped and what happens the criminal is still alive no strict rules are implemented.if death penalty will be given for this crime then people will think twice before they commit this crime so why the delay why strict death penalties are not implemented & how can we save our daughters.why is such a crime increasing and how can we stop or atleast reduce it.Rape victim suffers whole life never comes out from this trauma
0 0 I wish,your address should include A warning to Pak,directly or indirectly. Leaving the Land bill as a state subject . OROP please finalise Nations achivment in one yr. A law to be enacted for 1) Private educational institutions 2) For Private hospitals Pl.Bring in law of Tort,this will neutralise all wrong  and negative things happening,by panchayat, Corporation,or states or by person.
1 0 Sir,a fresh data of pollution level in the major rivers of the country/life line of major cities should be made.This data should be provided to the public(like pollution level data for river subarnarekha at jamshedpur,chandil, ghatsila and medinipur) through the different forms of media.Awareness should be created among the lacal mass and effort at the govt level should also be done to control the pollution.The work done by govt should also be provided through local media.
0 0 ?????? ????????? ??????? ????????? ??? ????? ?? ???? ???? ??? ?? 1 ????? ??. *voter ?? ??? ATM CARD ???? smart voting card ???? ??????. *?? ????? ??? ???? ?? ?? Information(assembly constituency,EPIC NO,Serial no,personal details) ???? ??          ??? password ????. ?? ?? ????? ?? swap ???? ?? ?????       election commission  ?? ??? ?? swap machine ???? ????? ??. *?? smart voting card ?? votar ???? ???? ??? ?? ??? ?? ?? ???? assembly constituency ??? ?????? ???? ?? ?????? ???? ??????. *voter ?? vote ??? ???? ?????? ??? ?????? ????? ??? ?? ??? assembly           constituency ??? ???? ??? ??. *?? voter ??? job ???? ?? ??? ?? ?? ?? ????? ?? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ???? ??. *#?????:- 1)???? ?????? ???? ???? 2)?????? percentage ????? 3)?????? ??????? ?? ??? ??????? ?????? ??????. *?? ?? ??????? ?????? ?? basic idea ??.  ????? ?? ?????????? ?? gov ????? ???? ????? ????? ?? ???? ??.
0 0 After a grand success of swatch Bharat abhiyan and girls toilet for school.. Now the next target should be paint the school.. It maybe coloring the school wall or repairing school boards. It can also be proper drinking water and electricity supply.. This would be like an iron hammer to break the barrier of illiteracy.. Proper literacy and knowledge will lead to "make in India", and promote our kalam ji's vision 2020
0 0 i sincerely request you to make education compulsory and free for all till graduation only then will people will stop going in wrong direction and will know how to think rationally in the interest of the nation.
0 0 There is one sector which is still not looked after your government came in . This is Indian Postal service. this is the sector which has largest reach to people in INDIA. how are we utilizing Indian Postal Service so that this can do value addition to other departments.
0 0 Sir, This is the culture mostly used by multi national companies. every year they hold impact day for their employees, where employees are asked to work 1 day for society. I don't want to make this suggestion as a financial burden on government so all I am asking is to start a habit of holding IMPACT hours in all private schools and ask school authorities to link this to Swach Bharat. (+ Selfies as always) Children are the best teachers for adults.
1 0 Sir, after your entry in radio through "mann ki bat", akashvani has become quite popular among the masses.Presently, In india, broadcast is done generally on the primary channel through medium wave but the present generation accesss the radio through mobile phones/audio systems that generally supports FM. On this occassion please convert all the radio tramissions to FM.Radio is more popular in the rural areas so please check the local radio station connectivity in these locations.
0 0 It is my humble request that please speak and declare only those which can be fulfilled. We are still waiting for achche din, swachh Bharat and corruption free india.
1 0 In Jharkhand, it is found that if the naxalites call for a bandh/closure, then the rural (i found this in gurabandha and galudih blocks of east singhbhum district) government offices like circle office and banks are kept closed. The rural population of highly infected naxalite zones of jharkhand have fear among them for the naxalites.How can the villagers have faith on the government in this condition ?
1 0 Sir, on this independence day, please generate a circular to start/open new navodaya vidhyalayas in the most backward region/districts/blocks of the country specially in the north eastern states, jharkhand,orrissa,bihar, Chhatisgarh and kashmir. These JNV should focus on the tribal and backward class students and take out the hidden potential in them.
0 0 Honorable Mr Prime Minister. You are one such personality whose words leave deep impression on the minds of the people. Sir the crux of all the Indian problems is population growth. This growth does not leave any developmental activities become a luxury. Sir please enforce into people's minds the fact that we have to control population in order to enjoy all beautiful developmental works being undertaken by your government. Please motivate them for population control
0 0 Remove a bureaucratic procedure and obnoxious laws everyday. You will be blessed by millions who suffer than few who enrich their pockets on the empowerment with such law.
0 0 If Delhi police can challan of riders while Bakraeid and on muslims festivals than why should not for these kavariyas. This is not fare for  our nation and for all. We have big expectation with u yr team. Rule is equal for everyone.
1 0 PM Mr Modi Sir I do not think u r d right soul 2 ascent d adorable ramparts of Red Fort. Many of ur speeches u uttered BACCHE DESH KE BHAVIS HAI only speeches no action. Priority sector EDUCATION lacked ur attention many capable students able 4 higher education & cn clout incredible growth next generation capable female students r thrown 2 grind between family & tandoor, they r left behind just 4 SAKE PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES PM Mr MODI do u have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA SPEECH
0 0 Start shifting the Central ministries to far flung backward areas with least development to decongest Capital.
0 0 Sir plz take action on these Kawariya 's.. all the roads of Delhi are blocked.. they are breaking all the rules. No auto is available. This is not valid for any Dharm. This is totally a misuse Of Dharm and Pooja ..
0 0 Dear Sir, #IndependenceDay My concern is about the Martyr of our nation which lay there life in the security of our incredible nation , I want nation should think about his/her bravery and about his family too , regarding this I have a one so the people of nation  salute his/her bravery can show love to them. Sir, we love our solider very much and hope you like my suggestion and you may think about it on coming Independence Day. Jai Hind!
0 0 Sir, Suprabhat I request you to mention those organisations and their karyakartas  (including the karyakartas of the political party which thrives on the contributions of millions of common people to the strruggle but claims it as its own) who have sacrificed their life or made contributions to the freedom struggle of India. This is very necessary as for the last 67 yrs one political party claims as they are the sole organisation which participated in the freedom struggle.
0 0 On Independence Day let's shed gulami ki maansikta ie.corruption. one doesn't steal from one's own house. When British were master we were stealing from British. Now we are our own master and stealing from ourselves.
0 0 Its time to infuse innovation & cherish and nurture culture from every tehesil in India. Policy suggestion:Establish "Innovation,Science & Culture Center" in every Tehesil of India.They will conduct Festivals,Competitions,Knowledge&Exposure visits for Students of Schools and colleges.They will also have a shopping complex,theater,garden,permanent science exhibition.Local governing bodies,NGO's & Businesses will support such projects uder CSR initiatives. Incredible India can also be promoted.
0 0 "Make in India" will take deep roots if you rein in the revenue departments of the Finance Ministry. When a surgery is needed to treat the patient, trying to administer drugs will be futile. I can discuss in detail if someone responsible contacts me.
0 0 Respected Sir,  Please do talk of skill development with enhanced precision level in every profession. I feel this would motivate many to evolve bright implementable concepts and achieve excellence to make our Nation march ahead towards true prosperity and growth. If we are skilled then only the world will believe and depend on our capabilities and we will become self reliant....with warm regards to you Sir our dearest honourable Prime Minister Sir.
0 0 Honorable PM, I would like hear about the progress made my Swach Bharath (stats and figures). I would also like you to talk about Progress made by Act East Policy and India's role in Asia and World politics. I would like you to address the topics of : 1.Women Safety 2.Secularism 3.NITI aayog contribution (what did it contribute when compared to Planning Commission? Is NITI Aayog a better version of Planning Commission? )
0 0 Honorable PM, I would want you to speak about the soft power capacity of Indian and why we should pursue it. I would like to listen how Swach Bharath, International Yoga Day and other programs will contribute to increasing the soft power of Indian and how this soft power will contribute to our growth(i.e attracting more investments and a global image). I would want you to address the North East states and make them feel included in the growth of India. Other topics: Swach Bharath and Nagaland
0 0 Hounorable PM, My wish to speak about River linking project all north Indian rivers to be interliked with south Indian rivers, since in monsoon season both India getting flooded @ the same time south India especially madya Pradesh and Andhra and tamilnadu seeking for water. If river link project get success , India will become fullfill in food needs and export to other countries too.
1 0 Honourable Prime Minister, The major cause of concern for the nation,and for world,are: 1) Climate Change 2) Terrorism 3)Economic disparity Albeit all of them are equally important but terrorism among them is a multifaceted concern with varied connotation. Terrorism, is actually extremist behaviour,deeds by extremist.The major cause or say tools to curtail it, lies within it: 1)Education 2)Extremism, in every kind 3)Tyranny, or hegemony by majority or superpower. Need PEMS approach.
0 0 let us join hands and request for help from UNITED NATIONS ignoring SNAKE-PIT unethical vested selfish motives and NOT to become the PROMOTER FOR CORRUPTION. INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE AND UNITED NATIONS Wonderful Magic of Meditation, INNOVATIVE, NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY application & methodology of SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT with UN SDGS.
0 0 Research shows corruption is an impediment to meeting essential global development No country can take shelter under any other bilateral agreement just to protect corrupt people any where in the world. INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS AGAINST CORRUPTION TO BE FOLLOWED BY ALL AND TO ENSURE THAT NO CORRUPT TRY TO TWIST THE RULE OF LAW AND INTERNATIONAL LAW GOVERNING CORRUPTION.
0 0 self transformation is lacking and no focus on Spirituality.Research shows corruption is an impediment to meeting essential global development No country can take shelter under any other bilateral agreement just to protect corrupt people any where in the world. INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS AGAINST CORRUPTION TO BE FOLLOWED BY ALL AND TO ENSURE THAT NO CORRUPT TRY TO TWIST THE RULE OF LAW AND INTERNATIONAL LAW GOVERNING CORRUPTION.
0 0 Rajyoga Meditation for "YOGIC KRANTI" to be applied and strengthen to have ‘Sustainable Yogic Dava (Medicine), Sustainable Yogic Justice ( LAWS OF GOD – NATURAL JUSTICE – SOCIAL JUSTICE ) Sustainable Yogic Governance & Administration Sustainable Yogic Education . SPIRITUALITY AND UNITED NATIONS INITIATIVES TOWARDS ZERO CORRUPTION: ZERO Corruption is becoming a dream day by day. Lack of Spirituality is the main reason for corruption. International and National efforts are at full swing
0 0 FOR WORLD PEACE & DEVELPMENT SPIRITUALITY IS THE PANACEA FOR ALL. ONE GOD, ONE WORLD FAMILY. SELF TRANSFORMATION, WORLD TRANSFORMATION. YOGIC KRANTI ( REVOLUTION ) : RAJ YOGA MEDITATION METHODOLOGY . LET US ALIGN MISSION & VISION OF "YOGIC KRANTI" - "HIDDEN TREASURE" as an INNOVATIVE , NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY MILE STONE for GOKUL GRAMS AND YOGIC KHETI with ADARSH GRAMS AS MENTIONED IN PM's SPEECH ON INDEPENDENCE DAY 2014
0 0 WORLD ONENESS CALLING AN END TO ALL EVILS FOR ACHIEVING PURE, PEACEFUL, PROSPEROUS,SAFE CLEAN AND CORRUPTION-FREE ENVIRONMENT ---- FREE ALL JUDICIAL & QUASI-JUDICIAL FUNCTIONARIES FROM POLITICAL & EXECUTIVE INTERFERENCE FOR PURE JUSTICE TO END CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM, FAVORITISM AND ALL EVILS.
0 0 YOGIC SDGS TO UN. Congrats! Humble suggestion for INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR YOGA is to have top most agenda as SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for Golden AGE ! The whole world to be declared as a "SPIRITUAL STATE" for ONE GODLY FAMILY resulting to ZERO EVILS. GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP to be started and accepted by all as an vital component of Spiritual Revolution
0 0 world to be declared as SPIRITUAL STATE.GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP being world as one Godly family.India and US being the largest world democracy to be model, preacher and guiding star for world peace and development to at once to stop misuse ofScience for destructive purposes and NO DESTRUCTIVE BOMBS like Atom Bomb but have SPIRITUAL BOMB - is the urgent call of time for GOLDEN AGE. UN to establish INTERNATIONAL Yoga ORGANIZATION and INTERNATIONAL ANTI- CORRUPTION ORGANIZATION.
0 0 INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE AND UNITED NATIONS Wonderful Magic of Meditation, INNOVATIVE, NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY application & methodology of SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT with UN SDGS.
0 0 INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS AGAINST CORRUPTION TO BE FOLLOWED BY ALL AND TO ENSURE THAT NO CORRUPT TRY TO TWIST THE RULE OF LAW AND INTERNATIONAL LAW GOVERNING CORRUPTION. let us join hands and request for help from UNITED NATIONS ignoring SNAKE-PIT unethical vested selfish motives and NOT to become the PROMOTER FOR CORRUPTION.
0 0 All projects, schemes, initiatives, activities, programs  world over to have SPIRITUALITY as major component - UN 17 SDGS must also include Global Zero Corruption, Spirituality, world as Spiritual State.
0 0 The whole world  to be declared as a  "SPIRITUAL STATE" for ONE GODLY FAMILY resulting to ZERO EVILS. -GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP to be started and accepted by all as an vital component of Spiritual Revolution. -FULL MONTH OF JUNE being International Day of Yoga on 21st June -Organize :  celebrations, functions, programs, activities etc
0 0 -Focus on =  GLOBAL ZERO SINS, EVILS, CRIMES, CORRUPTION, PROBLEMS for world ONENESS as ONE World GODLY Family. -Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this Kalyugi field . INTERNATIONAL DAY OF Yoga: -Congrats! Humble suggestion for INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR YOGA is to have top most agenda as SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for Golden AGE !
0 0 Electricity Act, Rules and Regulations are more favorable to discoms .To be amended in the over all interest of consumers. -National Cadet Corps - N.C.C. to be made MANDATORY in all schools. colleges and universities for Self- Discipline and defense . -Indo-US Bonding = 3 Ps = PURITY,PEACE, PROSPERITY = GLOBAL SPIRITUAL CITIZENSHIP = YOGIC & SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION = Golden Age!
0 0 Focus on ZERO CORRUPTION&NO ONE BRIBES.Be a Model for the whole world.Real GOAL:SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION. -Congrats. Let us follow SPIRITUAL LAWS for better governance & happy,pure,prosperous & peaceful living.SPIRITUALITY is the panacea. -Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this Kalyugi field.
0 0 - Let every body stop bribing who are FIRST SINNER -NO CORRUPTION. Self-TRANSFORMATION  FIRST by SPIRITUALITY. Catch big fish. - Caged & slave Delhi to be made FREE first then we may dream for world 'MODEL CAPITAL'! -Speaker,LOP, PM made LOKPALanother slave.BE FAIR'. -Congrats! Spiritual Sisters & Brothers. Focus on ZERO CORRUPTION&NO ONE BRIBES.Be a Model for the whole world.Real GOAL:SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION. -Congrats. Let us follow SPIRITUAL LAWS for better governance& happy,pure,prosperous
0 0 POOR INDIA is suffering a lot due to RE-ELECTIONS.SLAVERY ? -Consumer courts are slaves&caged parrot of discoms -Electricity LAWS -People come & go but no one so far washes 'DIRT POLITICS STIGMA'.Let us try to be FIRST ! -Let us focus on REFORMS &TRANSFORMATION.Save energy.NO SPEECH, ACTION NEEDED !!! -IDEAL LOKPAL is no where as politicians & executives have made nonjudicial another slave & caged parrot under the impugned  Act.
0 0 IDEAL GOVERNANCE WITH TOP AGENDA ON "SPIRITUALITY" : -We forgot the real path of SPIRITUALITY. JAGO !!! - BALANCE KATHNI & KARNI! First free slave & caged Delhi Assembly and impugned LOKPAL FROM POLITICIANS & EXECUTIVES as JUDICIAL BODY. -NO SPEECHES BUT ACTION & RESULTS to be TOP most AGENDA.Made TRUE. -RE-ELECTIONS are destroying  &  making India poorer.Let the largest party to govern for 5 years .REFORMS!
0 0 SPIRITUALITY HAS BEEN PANACEA FOR ALL IN EVERY ASPECT ! The objective is to successfully develop a wonderful and ideal MODEL on HUMAN TRANSFORMATION WITH PURE, SAFE AND SECURE FOOD for healthy, peaceful, prosperous and happy living with integrated international environment-friendly Sustainable Yogic Organic Agriculture R&D, Safety Monitoring for the whole Food Production Value-chain, highly reliable Traceable Process and a Marketing Model.This success model to be adopted.
0 0 ORGANIC FARMING with one more FREE input as " SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE" TO BE AN INTEGRATED APPROACH.With this Wonderful Magic of Meditation, INNOVATIVE, NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY application & methodology of SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE for Organic Farming has produced outstanding and excellent results for PURE & SAFE FOOD, increasing production, productivity and above all human transformation from all crimes, evils and problems with NO COSTS to the farmers WORLD OVER
0 0 PRIME MINISTER s ADARSH GRAM YOJANA , 'Grow Safe Food' Scheme of Indian govt., UNOPS Organic Agriculture Project, United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals to be aligned with this scheme under ORGANIC FARMING with one more FREE input as " SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE" TO BE AN INTEGRATED APPROACH.With this Wonderful Magic of Meditation, INNOVATIVE, NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY application & methodology of SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE for Organic Farming has produced outstanding and excellent
0 0 The Sustainable YOGIC Agriculture in this direction has been proved a great magic mantra of Rajyoga Meditation as an additional input to these traditional and ancient natural methods of farming with no costs to the farmers.The United Nations affiliated World Spiritual University- Rajyoga Education and Research Foundation- Rural Development Wing  has achieved excellent , revolutionary and outstanding results in this vision and mission world over with coordinating best efforts and cooperation
0 0 SPIRITUALITY HAS BEEN PANACEA FOR ALL IN EVERY ASPECT ! The objective is to successfully develop a wonderful and ideal MODEL on HUMAN TRANSFORMATION WITH PURE, SAFE AND SECURE FOOD for healthy, peaceful, prosperous and happy living with integrated international environment-friendly Sustainable Yogic Organic Agriculture R&D, Safety Monitoring for the whole Food Production Value-chain, highly reliable Traceable Process and a Marketing Model.This success model to be adopted.
0 0 There is a growing feeling that the Ministries are becoming more and more "less responsive", particularly in respect of specialised areas. The main reason being that the executive heads of ministries are generalists (IAS). They go by tradition and past trends rather than "out of box" solutions. Please bring relevant specialists as  Secretaries.
1 0 Disposal & Management of Electronic Waste in India. E-waste is a popular, informal name for electronic products nearing the end of their useful life. E-wastes are considered dangerous, as certain components of some electronic products contain materials that are hazardous, depending on their condition and density.The hazardous content of these materials pose a threat to human health and environment. Many of the products can be reused or recycled so that they are less harmful to the ecosystem. #PM
0 0 You have significantly eased Indian visa requirements for foreigners and PIO requirements for Indians settled abroad. But the resident Indians, partcularly common persons, continue to suffer the harassment of Passport offices. Pleasd ease Passport issuance process and try to curb the bureacratic red tapism prevalent in these offices.
0 0 Honourable PM, I believe you should include below developments and issues in your speech: 1.India's continuous success in lauching satellites using indigenous cryo stages for encouraging youth to praticipate and become an impeccable part of research. 2."Swach bharat campaign" must be religiously followed by us for achieving our goal of clean india. 3.Our policy and plan towards our enemy who is relentlessly creating chaos across the border. 4.Tributeto soldiers for their sacrifice
0 0 against terrorism... and welfare of poor and needy people.. #PM
0 0 Refer http://www.mystudycorner.com/short-essay-on-incredible-india-speech/
0 0 there should be emphasis on providing quality education in rural India.there should be ATAL KISAN KENDRIYA VIDYALAYA in each block like JAWAHAR NAVODAY VIDYALYA established by CONGRESS.it will be the greatest gift to our farmers by our lovable PM.
0 0 1.Speeding up the infrastructure projects which wastes crores of rupees as project overrun cost 2.Action against terrorism after Gurdaspur police station attack incident 3.Banking sectors looting middle class peoples money in the name of home loans 4.Strenthening law in the country
0 0 Broad Areas: 1.	Dr. Kalam’s contributions; emphasis on innovation n R&D 2.	Abolishing Child slavery/use as domestic help 3.	Organ, blood donation culture in society 4.	Responsibility of media in democratic society 5.	Wastage of food, electricity, water, fuel 6.	Rising cyber crimes/frauds; parents & children to stay vigil 7.	Sabse Swatchh Railway Station Award 8.	Accessible websites for blinds 9.	Encouraging youth to join police & defence 10.	India's interest at heart in decision making
1 0 Health in village 5. 4.Plz strongly ask the poor ppl of village plz go once in a year for your health check up. 5.raise a campign named **GARIBO KYA AAP PURE VISHWAS KE SATH KAH SAKTE HO AAPKO KOI BIMARI NAHI HAI**.
0 0 Health in village 4. 3.Appoint a free health check up team in each block ,government hospital and encourage PEOPLE (since now) TO ROUTIN HEALTH CHECK UP in a year/month. .   MANY PROGRAMS ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH TV BUT ,IN VILLAGE EVEN TODAY NO MORE PPL HAVE TV,those who have tv does not see these type things .so its BETTER TO reach directly to ppl to ppl.Sir u raise it like swachh bharat abhiyan.
0 0 Health in village 3. 2. Now as we have map of india/world ..of big size ,health department  can be asked to make a big paper size chart containing everything about diet(food we need,nutritional value ,benefits...)which should be plastc coated.it should be distributed to everybody of village..it should be under control of BDO .He/child/women of family should be requested to see the chart before your day start .it should be in hindi(must) +english+regional languages.
0 0 Health in village 2. ☆☆1.sir  can  we  appoint  a  well trained  yoga  person in  each panchayat.You can give them constitutional right like Nayayamitra in panchayat(i mean a special post of YOGACHARYA ,Having knowlledge of diets also,at panchayat level can be created).who will teach yoga/give knowllege about diet in week/month.NOW, ONE person from each village can be trained .who will help people when needed.
0 0 HEALTH IN VILLAGE  1.(1-6). Respected sir,namaste. One of big problem of our country is problem of health .sir most of the problems of health are due to unwanted change in water,soil,environment +malnutrition(due to inappropriate knowlledge dietry materials)+life style(i think it can be eliminated strenghthening your swcchta abhiyan)+unprotected sex+stress+(heredity).
0 2 DEAR MODI JI, APJ ABDUL KALAM JI KE SAMMAN ME... INDIAN CURRENCY NOTE PE KALAM SAHAB KI PHOTO LAGANE KI GHOSHNA KARE. HE WILL STAY IN OUR HEART... I WILL DEFINITELY TELL MY CHILD ABOUT HIS GREATNESS. APKA ANKIT SHRIVASTAVA
0 0 Sir, This time we can start another nation friendly campaign like You can ask people to register FIR even in the small cases and at the same time please ask the Police Force to encourage people to register FIR. In this way, most of the criminal activities will b recorded and also Action can be taken. The number of FIRs may rise but I am sure that the crime rate will decline. This is a small thing but can make a huge impact.
0 0 Sir, In a part of speech, We should give importance to the freedom to Children from Physical and Mental harassment(Sexual Abuse) and appeal to all the parents of our country to create awareness among children in differentiating "Good Touch and Bad Touch", so that sexual abuse of little angels can be reduced which is at its peak now and ever increasing. We should always think about well being of our society and country about how we can change life of people.
0 0 Sir,please give a call to all the Citizens to come together to eradicate CHILD LABOUR and to take VOW to give back such childrens their childhood. People will take your words seriously please rivet people's attention towards this issue.
0 0 India is sadly the home to the largst number of child labourers in the world.Official figures indicate that there are over 12 million child workers in India, but many NGOs reckon the real figure is up to 60 million. Greatest wealth and strength of our nation is its youth 65% of the population is youth. But it is the QUALITY OF YOUTH which determines the kind of future,our nation will have. These children need special attention as they are going to be the future of our country.
0 0 Dear PM, Is it Possible to Call and present  Gallantry awards to those  two brave hearts on Independence Day at  Red Fort,  who caught the militant involved in attack on a BSF convoy in Udhampur district of Jammu & Kashmir. If Every Indian will think  and act like them , there is no place for militant in India?
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi Sir whenever crisis arises in earth God give birth as human being to setright.We believe you as avtaar of present Great India. Let God gives all blessings to you. I request you to deliver daily monetary benefit(plan) for all our Country's poor child (upto age of 20) and women for food, education and medical benefits through ATM Cards on continuous,regular and permanent basis and recommend to extend the same to all over World.YouareourthisCentury'sGod.
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi Sir whenever crisis arises in earth God give birth as human being to setright.We believe you as avtaar of present Great India. Let God gives all blessings to you. I request you to deliver daily monetary benefit(plan) for all our Country's poor child (upto age of 20) and women for food, education and medical benefits through ATM Cards on continuous,regular and permanent basis and recommend to extend the same to all over World.YouareourthisCentury'sGod.
0 0 Sir, we should talk about gold assets. Gold assets are dead assets in india, so we should ask people to invest these gold assets to increase the growth rate of country, We have to change the mind set of people about gold,,,
0 0 Sir, We all owe our thankfulness & gratitude to Hon'ble PM. In a way, this very idea of inviting/collecting/compiling the inputs to Ind.day address of Hon'ble PM is rather collection of MANN KI BAAT of millions of India, thru' MyGov portal. So, finally, when Hon'ble PM is addressing the nation from the ramparts of red fort on 15th Aug., it can essentially be deemed as, A NATION'S ADDRESS TO THE NATION  BY THE NATION - WHICH IS NOTHING BUT DEMOCRACY IN TRUE SPIRIT & LETTER! JAI HIND!!
0 0 Sir, we should focus on swachha bharat campaign. There should be a Dust bin near every shop so that people can throw the garbage in it, it will be more helpful. Otherwise despite willing to keep city clean, they can't keep it, because of lack of Dust bins
0 0 Hon. PM Please try to allocate 10 cent land in all DRDO LABS in our country to convert it into  "KALAM GARDEN" in memory of our former President by planting fruit bearable tree saplings and a Well to water them regularly also to store water in that particular area.  As Dr. Kalam was renowned for his nature love, it will be a great respect that you can show to him as a PM of this country.
0 0 I THINK PM SHOULD  TALK ON THE PROBLEM OF  POVERTY, CORRUPTION AND GROWTH IN GDP.
0 0 Sir, Firstly, I heartily congratulate & express our profound gratitude to hon'ble PM for inviting suggestions/inputs for his Ind.day address. Regardless of whether one's inputs are considered/picked or not, the very thought that, citizens of this country would get a chance to express their views/opinion & be heard for this solemn occasion, by itself, a great achievement & we express our sincere thanks for this very idea of crowd sourcing! Thanks&grateful for giving us an opp.to be heard!
0 0 Sir, To a qn from his aid, whether he wd like to be remembered as Former President, Missile Man, Adviser to PM, Scientist...& so on, Dr. Kalam simply told that, he would like to be remembered as TEACHER & this one answer shows the importance of teachers for our country ! The future of our country is in the hands of our young generation/kids & they need guidance/margadarshan from INSPIRING TEACHERS & we need to groom our teachers thru' a world class TEACHERS TRAINING INST 2 ACHIEVE THAT!.
0 0 Sir, I think we should talk about youth problems.today youth need to be encouraged, large part of youth is suffering from depression, because of lack of confidence. So sir, I think if include youth problems in Independence speech, It will surely encourage the youth sir
0 0 Sir i have a idea on swachh bharat abhiyaan. Through this idea 10-12 crore people will participate in this. Sir just imagine when 10-12 crore people will participate in this how much awarness this will spread among people about clean India . So sir please contact me because i cant explain u whole idea through message. Thanku Sir
0 0 Respected Prime Minister...An announcement followed by a discision to have the photographs on the currency of our nation...of Shaheed Bhagat Singh,Lal bahadur Shastri,Vallabhai Patel and so many relevant freedom fighters and great people who have build this great nation.This will go a long way in influencing and creating awareness among the youth of today....to value,cherish and keep working for this freedom and to build a stronger nation.
0 0 Sir Why Many of Central Govt Policies and Schemes are not getting success or difficult to implement is because of following reasons 1 All Model Fits One Policy is 100% Wrong 2 India is Country of 30 States/ 30+ languages and Different Cultures & Way of Living/Thinking for life. 3 So Economic Models/Social Models/Safety Models/Education Models/ Business Policies & Models etc. should be done as per requirement and Need of that State/City/Taluka/District or village Panchayat
0 0 Sir, While everyone agrees that, Independence Day is a day to look behind & pay our respects to countless martyrs whose efforts have ensured freedom to us, it's also a day to LOOK AHEAD, to chart the path, INDIA HAS TO MOVE ON IN THE DAYS TO COME....& in this regard, we need to focus on PRIMARY EDUCATION by digitally empowering all schools with Digital India Schemes. LET'S BEGIN WITH EMPOWERING OUR TEACHERS FIRST - LET'S TRAIN OUR TEACHERS & ALSO EMPOWER THEM WITH DIGITAL INDIA TOOLS.
1 0 Dear sir, With due respect,I would like you to bring the attention of the country towards the alarming issue of uncontrolled population growth.steps need to be implemented to curb this problem. Natural resources being constant the uncontrolled growth in population has lead to unemployment,poverty etc. Thanking you Yours Truly Ankit Gupta #PM #MyGov #15thAugust
0 0 Sir, Last Ind Day, you invited the World to come & MAKE IN INDIA, & it has been a resounding success ever since this concept of MAKE IN INDIA has started gaining ground....be it in the technology or in the automobiles, field of Smart Phones or in the area of Smart city development etc.. But, 1 area, we still lag behind, is the production of LED LAMPS in India, which is why, the LED Lamps r still costlier & common man on street cannot fully afford it now. LET's VE MADE IN INDIA LED LAMPS.
0 0 Also unlike Police Staff there is Huge Shortage in following Departments / Sectors 1 Nursing Staff of 40 lacs required across india in all 35,000+ Pvt Hospitals. 2 Paramedical Staff in Hospitals/Diagnostic Centers 3 Doctors in Villages 30 lacs 4 Teachers in Govt Schools in Villages - over 20 lacs required 5 Professors in Colleges / IIT / IIM and other Post graduate Colleges 6 Skilled Manpower in various SME / MME / Large Co's 7 25+Sectors of Make In India Needs Manpower of over 1crore
0 0 #15thAugust Still in our country dowry is a curse.Even a debt-ridden farmer doesn't ashamed to torture his daughter-in-law whose family has been bancfrafted by corps damage due to the unseasonal rains for dowry.These mentality needs to be changed. Indiscrimity against the women must be stopped. Castism should be abolished.Uniform law should be implemented as per the recent SC's guidelines to the govt.Storng should be taken against terrorism.There should be one policy "Nation First".
0 0 Respected PM, I would like you to talk about the real aspect of freedom on Independence day. This day please make our youth & others aware of what freedom actually is & how it has to be earned through blood & sweat. please motivate today's youth to join army, military; they should be less selfish & have less self-centric goals. remind them of youth like bhagat singh, subhash chandra bose, swami vivekanand. they lived for their country & died for it. today's youth is lost. please show them way!
0 0 Dear sir, mai bas aapse 15th August ko yehi chata hun ki aap yeh kahe ki 2019 tak pure india me sabhi dur ke village tak har ghar me electricity hogi koi bhi aisa parivar nahi hoga jiske ghar me ek bulbs na jal sake sabke ghar roshni se chamke yehi aap chate ho or jo gareeb bache patriyo par rehte hai wo bhi 2019 tak unke pass sar dhakne ki jagah ho wo bhi kisi bhi chiz se wanchit na rahe yehi aapka lakshey hona chaiye or sir khas kar jin states me aapki sarkar hai wah bhi yeh kaam ho bas
0 0 O my people, listen to me attentively, i am a human like you all, i try my best to do all i can for our country, let my words reach all the corners of the world, this is a special day for all of us, all your life and property for our nation is sacred trust, Be not among those who are not trustworthy, be good to your rightful superiors, hurt no one so that no one may hurt you, remember that we all are not permanent, we have to leave this world, let be good and do good when the Lord has given us a
0 0 We should discuss for "Harit Kranti II" and every part of Indian Land should be cultivated.land  should be distributed among us so that we shall cultivate each and every part of land and thus shall move for "Cultivation In India"....
0 0 Sir There is huge shortage and need in following activities and departments 1 Police stations and Police staff in all 500 smart cities and 6 lacs villages 2 Traffic Police staff in all of 500 + Smart cities 3 Highway Police very few presently in our country 4 Smart Police Station with Division Based on Crimes -Domestic,Financial,IT,Frauds,Routine 5 Special Force for IT & Cyber Cell is Badly required as there is No Law knowing police staff 6 Appreciate small small good works of all Police S
0 0 Modiji humne na bhaut aash Leke aapko ye request Kiya h or aape believe h ki aap kroge pr m aapse pray krunga ki Es year me he rule lagu hojaye plssss
0 0 #IndependenceDay PLease declare the implementation of the OROP for ex-ermy personals on 15th August.Also send a strong message towards our farmers that our government is always with them & urged them not to take the end steps like commit suicides.The plan of raising a Ganga cleaning regiment with the ex-defence personals should be started on the this auspicious day.This would be a great steps towards Swach-Bharat.Ganga action plan need to be mobilized rapidly to change the fate India.
0 0 Modi sir m aapse ek request chahta hu ki pls girls women ke safety ke liye rule bnaeye pls rape ,acid attack jaise cases me hang till death #IndependenceDay #PM pls sir Es bar humari sisters,friends,mom en sab ke izzat safety ke liye boliye
0 0 Sir, a concrete policy for evicting the western Ghat Mountains of human settlements and plantations in next few decades, is needed so that our bio-diversity will be protected for ever. Jai Bharat Mata.
0 0 I want my prime minister to speak on this independence day not about the traditional notion of it but about the real independence, that is independence from suffering,independence from being discriminated,independence from all social evils. my p.m. i in fact beg u to speak about four basic things which i feel are necessary to address most of the social evils.These four basic things are "HEALTH,EDUCATION,AGRICULTURE,  TRAINING AND TECHNOLOGY"(HEAT).we should set our basics right.please do
0 0 In Year 2014... Swatch Bharat Abhiyan has been discussed. This Year we should plan for " "Electiricty to All" . Every Bhartiya Home, should have light........... "Ghar Ghar Bijlee"
0 0 Congrats  to ALL ! GOD BLESS ALL !!! GANDHI JI had such dreams long back. Well begun is half done . Wonderful ! Let us relax as every one is of the same coin. Nothing to worry,Law of karma is taking care  in case Law of Land blind. firstpost.in Life in danger ! Today all are worried about SPG cover.Let us first of all  feel ourselves free, safe, secure.   - for KSINGH Congrats ! But MDGs
0 0 Make for all COMPULSORY -  NATIONAL CADET CORPS in all schools, colleges and universities for defense & character building. For drug menace  Spiritual Education on Follow UNITED NATIONS Employment Policy to provide maximum one job per family.  : 'ONE FAMILY, ONE JOB' Congrats! Align with Sustainable Yogic Agriculture for Integrated Rural Development with no costs. Align with Sustainable Yogic Agriculture for Integrated Rural Development  no finance focusing on transformation
0 0 Sir, One Goshala for each village to take care of old and abandoned cows and oxes.  Dead animals' skin will support leather industry. There can be biogas plant attached to each goshala.  These will support and sustain the goshalas.
0 0 No advocate to be Judge without experience  as a judge. --  against all canons of Service Jurisprudence. Destroying judiciary. PMO directed & press reported but yet  personal mobile numbers & e-mails on web directory  of public servants including PMO  NOT DISPLAYED Establish Village Courts on the lines of UNDP Project in Bangla Desh. Start Spirituality & Yoga as compulsory subject in all  educational & academic and training institutions : schools, colleges etc.
0 0 Judiciary to function independently.Politicians having no knowledge of the subject are selecting judicial and all quasi- judicial ELECTION REFORMS and POLITICAL REFORMS  are required to be top most agenda of every one today A Golden POLITICAL TRANSFORMATION.'' Congrats for excellent start of GLOBAL YOGIC REVOLUTION. Let us now have main focus on SPIRITUALITY being panacea for all evils. Congrats for excellent start of GLOBAL YOGIC REVOLUTION. Let us now have main focus on SPIRITUALITY
0 0 Legislature Delegation to Executive to frame Rules & Regulations under various Acts  with discretion is highly UNCONSTITUTIONAL. Focus on Spirituality for Drug-free India. Acts not fully implemented for DECADES e.g. Electricity Act,2003..Monitoring & Implementation  Mechanism to be started immediately No Consumer Protection under ELECTRICITY LAWS . DISCOMS are the Masters of Consumer Courts . Direct interference in all respects Judiciary to function independently.Politicians=0
1 0 Sir, In Cities time indicator on Road Traffic Signal should be made compulsory so that  vehicle driver can stop vehicle & save precious fuel of the nation. This will also reduce pollution . Some Drivers keep engine "ON" even indicator showing 100 seconds pending. Sir, You appeal & instruction may work.Thanks
0 0 UNCONSTITUTIONAL Lokpal Selection Committee as PM, Speaker, LOP TO BE PROBED  BY LOKPAL. CJI both canditate  and member UNFAIR NO politician and executive on selection committees for CVC. CIC, Lokpal and all other quasi-judicial functionaries .Be fair.. SPIRITUALITY to be added in the Preamble and Directive Principles of State POLICY in the  Constitution of  India to be SPIRITUAL STATE
0 0 Unconstitutional NJAC  politicians to select Judges. No advocate, executive, politician  for judiciary matters. Free JUDICIARY No political and executive interference in judiciary and quasi-judicial functionaries in all respects. Judges only to select. All 8 members to be supreme court  sitting judges only on DEPUTATION for LOKPAL being Judicial body. NO -Non judicial members
0 0 Stop immediately PICK & CHOOSE Policy, Hire & Fire Policy of appointments without  notified Recruitment Rules for all posts Supreme Court  : No contract employment against sanctioned posts. Make appointments on regular basis and BE A MODEL EMPLOYER Prescribe  age, qualifications, experience in the field, code of conduct, police verification etc for politicians appointments Supreme Courtregularize employees who have completed 240 days.IF no regular posts, treat them regular as temporary
0 0 Dear sir, Please note the suggestion as follows for SWACHHA BHARAT ABHIYAN : Housewives can be of great support  for Swachha Bharat Abhiyan , if they start keeping bio-degradable kitchen waste in seperate basket and other waste items in separate baskets and if onward similar chain continued with the participation of waste management authorities, this may speed up our SWACHA BHARAT ABHIYAN. Your Appeal may work.
1 0 PM Sir,please speak on production of quality food,Original pharmaceutical items & Nationality (Bharathiyatha) which all these can make India proud and healthy. Thank you Sir. -Indian
0 0 Consumer Grievances Redressal Forums  and Electricity OMBUDSMAN to be fully made free from discoms , executives , regulators. Part payment of the disputed electric bill  for filing appeals with Electricity Ombudsman against CGRF order- UNFAIR & UNJUST. Electricity Act, Rules and Regulations are more favorable for discoms .To be amended in the over all interest of consumers. provisions under acts, rules, regulations to be very clear and specific leaving no scope for administrative discreti
0 0 No Consumer Protection under ELECTRICITY  LAWS as the DISCOMS are the Masters of Consumer Courts . 4th January, 2015  :  TWEETS TO INDIAN PRIME MINISTER No Consumer Protection under ELECTRICITY  LAWS as the DISCOMS are the Masters of Consumer Courts . No Contempt of Courts Power RULE 7 of Electricity Rules, 2005 completely ignored - NO INDEPENDENT MEMBERS APPOINTED ON CONSUMER COURTS  even after decade. No notified Recruitment&Service Rules for the staff of Electricity OmbudsmaN
0 0 Unconstitutional being politicians on judicial & quasi-judicial functionaries selection committees.Destroying NATURAL JUSTICE Political Masters  already made LOKPAL, CVC, CIC ETC. their slaves and caged parrot. Be transparent & follow Natural Justice.
0 0 Make DELHI world MODEL CAPITAL.Slave & caged Assembly - Not needed Utilize this expenditure for Development.Unfit for election No Consumer WELFARE & REFORMS under ELECTRICITY  LAWS as the DISCOMS are the Masters of Consumer Courts . Pending since DECADE Make DELHI world MODEL CAPITAL. Slave & caged Assembly - Not needed. Save  wasteful expenditure on having such  Assembly.PEACE
0 0 UN 17 SDGs to also include Global Zero Corruption,World as'SPIRITUAL STATE',Global Citizenship,Spirituality as ONE GLOBAL RELIGION 'SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE' to be aligned with Indian Prime Minister New Initiatives & UN 17 Sustainable Development Goals PM Adarsh Gram,Grow Safe Food,Soil Health,Organic Farming projects to be integrated withYOGIC KHETI for complete transformation SUSTAINABLE YOGIC EXTENSION CENTRES  in each district to be established as an integrated approach
0 0 4. there r many good initiatives taken by the govt during the last year but all of them did not get the proper amount of media coverage as much as needed and thats why many ppl r not aware about them .... it would be great if you point out or may say incorporate some of them precisely in your speech those you think that the nation should be aware about these facts.
0 0 Delhi 'WORLD MODEL CAPITAL' to be 'ZERO EVIL'.Slave &Caged ASSEMBLY is not the panacea.Focus on Spirituality.STOP RE-ELECTION. Focus on ELECTION & POLITICAL REFORMS for ZERO Corruption, Nepotism, Favortism. Abuse of Power.One family- One politician only One party election ticket  to one member only of the family with criminal clearance to prevent political corruption & nepotism Save time & resources to exclude public servants salary from Income Tax by fixing their less pay
0 0 Since2003 ELECTRICITY LAWS have not been fully implemented & more favorable to discoms affected consumers rights & welfareJAGO Over decade .No one  listened to TI & UNCAC. Let us focus on ZERO CORRUPTION &BRIBERS
0 0 Focus on ELECTION & POLITICAL REFORMS for ZERO Corruption, Nepotism, Favortism. Abuse of Power.One family- One politician only One party election ticket to one member only of the family with criminal clearance to prevent political corruption & nepotism Save time & resources to exclude public servants salary from Income Tax by fixing their less pay after considering all taxes UN 17 SDGs to also include Global Zero Corruption,World as'SPIRITUAL STATE',Global Citizenship,Spirituality as ONE GLOBAL
0 0 Supreme Court : No contract employment against sanctioned posts. Make appointments on regular basis and BE A MODEL EMPLOYER Prescribe age, qualifications, experience in the field, code of conduct, police verification etc for politicians appointments Supreme Court : regularize employees who have completed 240 days.IF no regular posts, treat them regular as temporary status regular employee.
0 0 Consumer Grievances Redressal Forums and Electricity OMBUDSMAN to be fully made free from discoms , executives , regulators. Part payment of the disputed electric bill for filing appeals with Electricity Ombudsman against CGRF order- UNFAIR & UNJUST. Electricity Act, Rules and Regulations are more favorable for discoms .To be amended in the over all interest of consumers. All provisions under acts, rules, regulations to be very clear and specific leaving no scope for administrative discretion.
0 0 Respected sir; Namaste The daily disruption of parliament is now too much. Hanging of important bills such as GST;LAND BILL will effect economy and progress of india. Please take hard steps to stop this so India become a  strong nation in your dynamic leadership .
0 0 well this one is not much concerned about ur speech on the Lal Quila but yes nation and its economy is keenly waiting for the GST and the Land Acquisition Bill to be passed as soon as possible  in order to speed up the growth of the nation as the nation cannot wait much...So sir its a request to you to Plz find a way out for these bills to be passed in the RS as Congress is seems to be in the mood to Destruct and continuously stalling the parliament deliberately.
0 0 Direct interference by executive and commission. Illegal, irregular and abuse of power to appoint staff for electricity Ombudsman & CGRFs without notified recruitment & service rules More than decade but yet NO DISTRICT CONSUMER COMMITTEES all over India - Sec. 166 (5) of the Electricity Act - NOT COMPLIED. Consumer Grievances Redressal Forums and Electricity OMBUDSMAN to be fully made free from discoms , executives , regulators. Part payment of the disputed electric bill for filing appeals
0 0 Electricity Act, Rules & Regulations are more favorable forDISCOMS.No interest of consumers rights protected even in BILL 2014 4th January, 2015 : TWEETS TO INDIAN PRIME MINISTER No Consumer Protection under ELECTRICITY LAWS as the DISCOMS are the Masters of Consumer Courts . No Contempt of Courts Power . RULE 7 of Electricity Rules, 2005 completely ignored - NO INDEPENDENT MEMBERS APPOINTED ON CONSUMER COURTS even after decade. No notified Recruitment & Service Rules for the staff
0 0 Please give on speech on terrorism. Please clear one rank pension to our real hero soldiers of Indian army. Clear your stand of J&K problem.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi Ji, my humble ideas are listed below. 1. Swasth Bharat to reach villages without primary healthcare access. 2. A committee for judicial reforms to ensure speedier and more effective justice delivery. 3. ISRO to develop an app to run on basic smartphones that will help fishermen detect maritime boundaries, so they don't cross over inadvertently. 4. Employment cells to double up as guidance centres for entrepreneurship, and contract jobs for CSR work
0 0 #IndependenceDay Respected Sir, A tiny suggestion for " To give up Your LPG Subsidy Mission". With mission to Give up whole LPG subsidy, we Should also start to give up at least three cylinder subsidy for shake of country. By this we can join more INDIAN with this Movement of Surajya. Dr. MANoj Kumar Panwar Senior Veterinary Officer Pali Rajasthan. 9414592475
0 0 Respected PM sir, In ur leadership India is progressing.Govt launched programs like skill india and house for all to empower people.but the very serious problem in front of us is our fastly growing population.Acc. to a report we will left china behind in 2022. we give house to some,skill to some people but a lot number will again be in front of us.this will cause more poverty,unemployement & resources will not be supplied to all.Please take this in ur knowledge & make some steps Thank you
0 0 Congrats! Humble suggestion for INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR YOGA is to have top most agenda as SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for Golden AGE ! The whole world  to be declared as a  "SPIRITUAL STATE" for ONE GODLY FAMILY resulting to ZERO EVILS. GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP to be started and accepted by all as an vital component of Spiritual Revolution. FULL MONTH OF JUNE being International Day of Yoga on 21st June -Organize :  celebrations, functions, programs, activities etc
0 0 National Cadet Corps - N.C.C. to be made MANDATORY in all schools. colleges and universities for Self- Discipline and defense . Indo-US Bonding = 3 Ps = PURITY,PEACE, PROSPERITY = GLOBAL SPIRITUAL CITIZENSHIP = YOGIC & SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION = Golden Age! OBAMA- MODI = Focus on =  GLOBAL ZERO SINS, EVILS, CRIMES, CORRUPTION, PROBLEMS for world ONENESS as ONE World GODLY Family Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA
0 0 Respected Sir, A tiny suggestion for " To give up Your LPG Subsidy Mission". With mission to Give up whole LPG subsidy, we Should also start to give up at least three cylinder subsidy for shake of country. By this we can join more INDIAN with this Movement of Surajya. Dr. MANoj Kumar Panwar Senior Veterinary Officer Pali Rajasthan. 9414592475
0 0 RE-ELECTIONS are destroying  &  making India poorer.Let the largest party to govern for 5 years .REFORMS! We forgot the real path of SPIRITUALITY. JAGO !!! POOR INDIA is suffering a lot due to RE-ELECTIONS.SLAVERY ? Consumer courts are slaves&caged parrot of discoms-ElectricityLAWSPeople e & go but no one so far washes 'DIRT POLITICS STIGMA'.Let us try to be FIRST ! Let us focus on REFORMS &TRANSFORMATION.Save energy.NO SPEECH, ACTION NEEDED !!!
0 0 2. One Rank One Pension is a massive under current which the nation is experiencing these days, we Indians usually do not talk much about the well being of our Jawans but we do care a lot about them ...this time we all surly want to listen from you in this regard. It would be great if you announce the One Rank One Pension from the Historic Lal Quila this will definitely boost the moral of the forces
0 0 BALANCE KATHNI & KARNI! First free slave & caged Delhi Assembly and impugned LOKPAL FROM POLITICIANS & EXECUTIVES as JUDICIAL BODY NO SPEECHES BUT ACTION & RESULTS to be TOP most AGENDA.Made TRUE. RE-ELECTIONS are destroying  &  making India poorer.Let the largest party to govern for 5 years .REFORMS! We forgot the real path of SPIRITUALITY. JAGO !!! POOR INDIA is suffering a lot due to RE-ELECTIONS.SLAVERY ? Consumer courts are slaves&caged parrot of discoms-ElectricityLAWS
0 0 -GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP to be started and accepted by all as an vital component of Spiritual Revolution. -FULL MONTH OF JUNE being International Day of Yoga on 21st June -Organize :  celebrations, functions, programs, activities etc - All projects, schemes, initiatives, activities, programs  world over to have SPIRITUALITY as major component - UN 17 SDGS must also include Global Zero Corruption, Spirituality, world as Spiritual State.
0 0 -National Cadet Corps - N.C.C. to be made MANDATORY in all schools. colleges and universities for Self- Discipline and defense . -Indo-US Bonding = 3 Ps = PURITY,PEACE, PROSPERITY = GLOBAL SPIRITUAL CITIZENSHIP = YOGIC & SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION = Golden Age! -Focus on =  GLOBAL ZERO SINS, EVILS, CRIMES, CORRUPTION, PROBLEMS for world ONENESS as ONE World GODLY Family. -Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTIOTry to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this Kalyugi field .
0 0 1. last yr. you talked about the need of toilets for all households and specially in schools for the girl child....it would be grateful on your part if you tell the nation about its accomplishment level i.e. how far this mission reached and accomplished and how much is yet to be accomplished.
0 0 Congrats! Spiritual Sisters & Brothers. Focus on ZERO CORRUPTION&NO ONE BRIBES.Be a Model for the whole world.Real GOAL:SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION. -Congrats. Let us follow SPIRITUAL LAWS for better governance & happy,pure,prosperous & peaceful living.SPIRITUALITY is the panacea. -Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this Kalyugi field. -Electricity Act, Rules and Regulations are more favorable to discoms .To be amended
0 0 Dear Modiji, Please talk about importance of financial independence of India. We got political independence in year 1947 but are still struggling to be financially independent. Factories, establishment, production houses to increase their production with competent quality to capture the world market.BPOs/KPOs are one of the best examples. People work at odd hours to earn and make India financially independent. We should be proud of current generation who is making a mark to showcase India
0 0 -Let us focus on REFORMS &TRANSFORMATION.Save energy.NO SPEECH, ACTION NEEDED !!! -IDEAL LOKPAL is no where as politicians & executives have made nonjudicial another slave & caged parrot under the impugned  Act. - Let every body stop bribing who are FIRST SINNER -NO CORRUPTION. Self-TRANSFORMATION  FIRST by SPIRITUALITY. Catch big fish. - Caged & slave Delhi to be made FREE first then we may dream for world 'MODEL CAPITAL' -Speaker,LOP, PM made LOKPALanother slav
0 0 BALANCE KATHNI & KARNI! First free slave & caged Delhi Assembly and impugned LOKPAL FROM POLITICIANS & EXECUTIVES as JUDICIAL BODY. -NO SPEECHES BUT ACTION & RESULTS to be TOP most AGENDA.Made TRUE. -RE-ELECTIONS are destroying  &  making India poorer.Let the largest party to govern for 5 years .REFORMS! -POOR INDIA is suffering a lot due to RE-ELECTIONS.SLAVERY ? -Consumer courts are slaves&caged parrot of discoms -Electricity LAWS -People come & go but no one so far washesDIRT POLITICS
0 0 Divine Souls, Focus to abolish political parties under Indian Constitution.MAKE INDIA FREE ! JAGO !!! All to join one world Godly family for global spiritual revolution !UN to ensure SPIRITUAL STATE! Let us first of all have economy on elections to save poor country.Political parties to go as per our constitution. 1st February,  2015  :  TWEETS TO INDIAN PRIME MINISTER No independent Members on CGRFs & No District Consumer Committees- Electricity Laws violated & favoring DiscomS
0 0 Every thing on papers only.Let us have Paperless India. Focus on poverty in all respects. JAGO ! 9th FEB. 2015 : TWEETS TO INDIAN PRIME MINISTER Hanging is INHUMAN act.Transform through SPIRITUALITY.Wake up! Let us introduce PANCH PARAMESHWAR system to elect our reps. & abolish parties pattern. True.But no one is ready to bell the cat?Let us have sportsman spirit & respect all souls. - Make 'SPIRITUALITY'& N.C.C.- National Cadet Corps man
0 0 Over decade,No Notified Staff Recruitment&Rules for Office of Delhi Electricity Ombudsman.UNFAIR. No Notified Recruitment& Service Rules for staff of Delhi Electricity Ombudsman. DERC Blind&Unfair 19th FEB.2015 ZERO SUICIDAL AGRICULTURE : SUSTAINABLE YOGIC KHETI is the magic mantra  for curbing farmers suicide. 17 th FEB. 2015 : TWEETS TO INDIAN PRIME MINISTER Let us focus on SPIRITUAL STATE .Think Globally, Act Globally.ALL ARE ONE AS GOD IS ONE !!!
1 0 Dear, Mr. Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi ji. The repeated disruption of Parliament is a matter of concern now. So, as a concerned citizen of India, I am just suggesting some tools to stop repeated disruption of the Parliament & its smooth functioning. Here is my formula: (attached in PDF) #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Hanging is INHUMAN act.Transform through SPIRITUALITY.Wake up! Let us introduce PANCH PARAMESHWAR system to elect our reps. & abolish parties pattern. True.But no one is ready to bell the cat?Let us have sportsman spirit & respect all souls. 8th FEB. 2015 : TWEETS TO INDIAN PRIME MINISTER - Make 'SPIRITUALITY'& N.C.C.- National Cadet Corps mandatory in all schools, colleges, universities ! -Congrats ! Establish Sustainable Yogic Centres in each district & align  UN 17 SDGS
0 0 Make 'SPIRITUALITY'& N.C.C.- National Cadet Corps mandatory in all schools, colleges, universities ! -Congrats ! Establish Sustainable Yogic Centres in each district & align with United Nations  17 SDGS. -India always has been world 'Guiding Star', preacher and Model to be SPIRITUAL for Peace !!! -Let us be the global messenger of PEACE & LOVE !!! -Think Globally, Act Globally ! -"GLOBAL SPIRITUAL STATE" is the ultimate solution for all ensuring WORLD ONENESS in all respects.
0 0 All blind for Recruitment Scam by DERC for staff of Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN.JAGO Wonderful words of wisdom. HONESTY & TRUTH HAVE NO PLACE IN THIS 'KALYUGI- CORRUPT SOCIETY' SPIRITUALITY is the real Yoga. Spirituality can not be gained until 'materialism' ends ! TRANSFORM! Focus on FARMERS'S SUICIDE. Adopt YOGIC KHETI as FREE INPUT for transformation
0 0 All to join one world Godly family for global spiritual revolution !UN to ensure SPIRITUAL STATE Let UN to ensure world as a SPIRITUAL STATE to stop all sins, evils, crimes, killings,hatred among  religions
0 0 India always has been world 'Guiding Star', preacher and Model to be SPIRITUAL for Peace !!! -Let us be the global messenger of PEACE & LOVE !!! -Think Globally, Act Globally ! -Respect all as divine sisters & brothers. All souls are pure, peaceful,blissful,,powerful... -"GLOBAL SPIRITUAL STATE" is the ultimate solution for all ensuring WORLD ONENESS in all respects.
0 0 Hanging is INHUMAN act.Transform through SPIRITUALITY.Wake up!
0 0 All blind for Recruitment Scam by DERC for staff of Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN.JAGO Wonderful words of wisdom. HONESTY & TRUTH HAVE NO PLACE IN THIS 'KALYUGI- CORRUPT SOCIETY' SPIRITUALITY is the real Yoga. Spirituality can not be gained until 'materialism' ends ! TRANSFORM! Focus on FARMERS'S SUICIDE. Adopt YOGIC KHETI as FREE INPUT for transformation March 9, 2015 Over decade,No Notified Staff Recruitment&Rules for Office of Delhi Electricity Ombudsman.UNFAIR.
0 0 THANK YOU SIR FOR GIVING THIS OPPORTUNITY - SIR I REQUEST TO GIVE IMPORTANCE TO  FREE EDUCATION AND HEALTH TO ALL THE CITIZENS OF INDIA. WHEN THESE TWO SCHEMES IMPLEMENTED AUTOMATICALLY DEVELOPMENT WILL TOOK PLACE FASTER THEN EVER.
0 0 Dear Rahul Gandhi, You are doing fantastic work by opposing in Lok Sabha. From last 13 days only 8 % work is done in this session. Great !!! HATS off !!! We made mistake by giving 44 seats. Next time will take care that your party comes to ZERO 66 bills are pending to be passed in this session  of parliament. Whole country is proud of your work. Your sincerly, A foolish common man !!! Pass it on till it reaches Rahulji. For appreciation of his work.
0 0 "Livable Planet Earth" talk about it and let the people know that we Indian are क्षितिज (son of earth)jo dharti aur akash ko jod sakate hain...
0 0 Dear PM I ask you to talk about Swadeshi in your speech. Please encourage people to buy Indian Products and one suggetion I can give you can sign up on an Indian Based Social Networking Platform social.worldfloat. and ask people to use Indian based Social Networking sites instead of Facebook , Twitter
0 0 Do something for private sector employee for their growth and security of job
0 0 PLEASE READ IT sir.i am big supporter of urs.i was doing campaigning for u in loksabha election also.i am son of farmer,and employee of central govt. in banking sector,but as a son of farmer its my request to u that on this independance day please talk about mainly about FARMERS and Agriculture sector.because indian economy is mainly depend on agriculture.so please think on it,and please try to declare something new for our Farmers.and please try to work on it immediately.thank you sir
0 0 Please Find the attachment
0 0 Dear Sir, Kindly appeal to all the political parties to allow the parliament function. And for that take some measures (Suggestions given in the attached file). Thank you.
0 0 PLEASE READ IT sir.i am big supporter of urs.i was doing campaigning for u in loksabha election also.i am son of farmer,and employee of central govt. in banking sector,but as a son of farmer its my request to u that on this independance day please talk about mainly about FARMERS and Agriculture sector.because indian economy is mainly depend on agriculture.so please think on it,and please try to declare something new for our Farmers.and please try to work on it immediately.thank you sir.....
0 0 Sir,There is no security or any insurance of private employee who has to leave his job after 50 years. There is no pension scheme for those employee and it is very difficult  to get the another in private sector after attaining the age of 50 years. I request you to launch pension scheme for such person who have attained the age of 50 years and working in private sectors. There is no pension in private sectors.. Private company should retrain and get suitable employment for such employees.
0 0 hi Sir, This Independence day you should speak on our brilliance of adapting any challenge whether in form of ecenomy challenge or power challange. we all should be self dependent . we dont need anybodys help to fullfill our requirements . In every family there shuold be Innovative minds which can produce brilliant ideas in favour of countries pride.
0 0 Just wondering why the speakers of the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha let the bullies take over the assembly and not let any constructive work happen. The speaker should have the power to control the bullies by suspending them for keeping work hamstrung and wasting the money of the tax payers.
0 0 Sir, kindly make the contract employees working in PSU/govt sector permanent.Despite of doing the more work compared to permanent employees they are getting less than the half of their salaries.My concern is that if u need manpower why can't u hire them permanently.The contractual employees are treated like a slave.
0 0 I think Woman Empowerment, Our Brave Jawans sacrifices, Swach Bharat motivation. These three topics should be added in 15 August Speech. Thank you.
0 0 Dear Narendra Modi uncle, My name is Pragya Iyengar and I am 7 years old. I feel very sad for people in poverty and I would really like them to have food every day. It is very hard to see them suffer while I have a very comfortable life.  Though I don't know how to address this, it will be good if the hotels can donate the excess food for the poor. I would like you to address the issue of poverty and hunger and use your influence to ask hotels and restaurants to donate excess food.  Thank you
0 0 Emphasize on Skills Development ( both Technical and non-technical such as Green forests for Ozone development ) and bring about the new Zeal on Team Work and mutual respect among the people of the Nation. At a time when American Companies look up to Indian Engineering Wizards to turn the Company around our Swatch Bharath lies in our hands and not elsewhere.Jai Hind. Dr VRIDHACHALEMPILLAY SUBRAMANIAM ( @ 80 YEARS STILL ACTIVE IN TEACHING,TRAINING AND PERSONALITY DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS FOR YOUTH.)
0 0 In regard to the item to be included in PM's Independence Day address:the benefts to be bestowed upon Lower Middle class and Middle Class particularly Senior Citizens who crossed the age of 75. They form a major junk of the independent voting population. Announcement relating to personal Income Tax reduction and housing loan concession may please be considered.
0 0 -Students all over the country should be analysed and made to focus on their core field after high school. -PM's view on banning alcoholic products all over the country
1 0 Dear PMji, Continuation to your Speech on Handloom day: True Our weavers lack marketing. Lets teach them marketing . Govt of India makes an Web portal and mobile app for all Craftsmen. Just like Amazon.in. Difference here is this is by people and for people. All craftsman can sell online with aadhaar a/c. The money will go to government, and will reach craftsman if items delivered after TDS. Our POSTOFFICE will revive into logistics Partner. More tax less Blackmoney, Richer craftsmen. Jaihind
0 0 -Parliament is not a war land of ruling party and opposition party. It is a place where representatives of people have to discuss various schemes for welfare of the people.
0 0 -Every pending cases should be completed as soon as possible. Even if the investigation goes for long time, the decision should be only one i.e. the decision made by a lower court should not be changed by high court or supreme court. (because rich people can appeal at high court and supreme court but poor ones can’t go to high court or supreme court)
0 0 MI road of Jaipur is filthy. Park street of Calcutta stinks of garbage. I enquired with the shopkeepers and they say that the sweeper comes once a week. The problem is that there are no dustbins on the streets. People spit and dump garbage on the roads. Dustbins should be installed on various places around the city and on popular places such MI road, cameras should be set up so that no one litters from the scare of being recorded on camera.
0 0 -Restriction should be made for printing digital flex and painting walls for political parties (as it is waste of money) -Tax from MNC’s and private sectors should be collected at regular intervals (if tax is not paid severe action such as cancellation of the permit of the private organisation should be done) -Every pending cases should be completed as soon as possible.
0 0 Strong citizens (with a unified vision that sees our unity in diversity) will make a strong nation. What makes an ideal citizen for India 2020? August 15th is a day for inspiring the Nation and we suggest that our PM shares a vision for the future citizen. As a dediction to the great visionary Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, we have initiated a public survey on this topic. Current results are attached for review by the PMO. IF freedom struggle and Kargil could unite, so could a Natiopnal Identity.
0 0 The First SAMASTHAN Which merged with the Independent India is Pudukkottai SAMASTHAN in 03.03.1948. Iron man Sardar VALLABHAI PATEL was instrumental in the merger and hence a STATUE of the Leader has to be erected in the District.
0 0 In the light of the facts set out above, we the general public of Pudukkottai  District once again kindly request the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India / Union Health          Minister for setting up the AIIMS in Pudukkottai District in preference to all the  other Districts   recommended by the Government of Tamilnadu.  We hope, this will go a long way in    upbringing the District on par with all other developed Districts of Tamilnadu.  For this   act of kindness, we the people of Pudukkottai Di
0 0 India’s first women doctor,  Padma Bhushan (1956)Dr. MUTHU LAKSHMI REDDY belongs to this district but till date, there is no medical college in this district.  She was instrumental in establishing the cancer institute in Adayar Chennai spreading its name and fame in the whole of Asia and other countries. The Government of Tamil Nadu has also named a Scheme after her  sanctioning of Rs.12,000/- for Maternity Benefits.
0 0 Sir, Recently you have announced that “AIIMS” will be started in Tamilnadu. It will be, befitting tribute to start it in Pudukkottai, the birth place of  Dr. MUTHU LAKSHMI REDDY, an icon of female emancipation, our district holds lots of potential to become a front ranked district, with the coming of institutions like “AIIMS”
1 0 Dear PMji, Extension of Swaach Bharat part3: 2014: PM launches Swaach Bharat(SB) concept. 2015: Intensive public awareness drive and Creation of an exclusive department and staff , their roles assigned. This cost from a Swaach cess. 2016: Swaach Bharat law enactment with punishment for offenders and rewarding SB contributors. 2017: Warning to Erring civic bodies and general public. 2018 :Intensive Checks,Punishments to SB violators and Rewards begin. 2019 : India becomes Swaach Bharat. Jaihind
0 0 1.make india garibmukht by 2022:to eradicate poverty and poor by 2022 so that people stops using it for their own interest. this stigma should be removed.enough politics with garib and garibi. electronic voting rights for Indian citizen: people can exercise their voting rights through mobile/laptops. A few features need to be updated in the election commission website where a voter can register for life and cast his vote when elections are held. 3. income tax collections for all religious org
0 0 -Everything can be done only by primary educational level -Skill development and soft skill training should be initialized from the school education -The school education should include constitution of India as a part of their education -Primary subjects like Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics should be taught with the concepts (For example: objective of learning a formulae and practical implementation of that formulae) -Every children should educated with Do's and Don’ts in public
0 0 Respected Sir, It is honor & privilege to quote the ideas, I have put my opinion as an attachment, Kindly Find the attached PDF, Your's Truthfully, Citizen of India (PRAVIN B. GOPNARAYAN)
0 0 Suggestions: 1. HRD Ministry to apply similar scheme like USA and UK with all text books of good paper quality and they are returned back by the student to the school for next year. so strictly nothing to scribble on the books. even if we assume one book is used for 3 years successfully saving will be : for 100 million students with saving of Rs. 500 per students. Rs. 5000 Cr. 2. Parliament log jam: Legislation to be passed for all Unproductive days - MP/MLA will not get paid on that day
0 0 R/SIR  GIVE SLOGAN OF NASHA MUKATI LIKE SWACHA BHARAT  DUE TO NASHA OF LIQUER SUSIED IN MAHARASTRA BY AGARICULTURE DESHI LIQUER IS EASY AVAILABEL IN EVERY VILLAGE  YOUNG GENRATION IS ATRACT TOWERD LIQUER
0 0 respected sir,as we all know that india is a cultural superpower.india has many cultural ornaments like temples,forts,etc. and have a great cultural legacy.and i think our cultural strength will be accelerated by providing such a good platform to tourism.touristers will not be attracted without 'swacch bharat'.both the things are interconnected.and also india has largest youth across the world.so more encouragement required to 'make in india' also.
0 0 SIR PLEASE FOCUS ON PRESENT DAY MEDIA WHICH IS HIGHLIGHTING NEGETIV NEWS. DUE TO THOSE MEDIA  PEOPLE HAVE NO ALTERNATIVE BEFORE THEM.MEDIA ONCE KNOWN AS 4TH PILLER OF DEMOCRACY HAS LOST IT'S CREDIBILITY & GIVING PRIORITY TO CRIME,CRIMINALS & NEWS MAKERS.REAL HEROES WHO WORK SILENTLY IN VARIOUS BRANCHES OF OUR SOCIETY ARE NOT HEROES FOR OUR MEDIA. TRIVIAL OR SILLY NEWS ITEMS TAKE SIGNIFICANT SPACE IN PRESENT DAY MEDIA. THIS SHOULD BE CORRECTED.  PERSONS WORKING TO REFORM OUR SOCIETY GET FOCUSED.
0 0 Respected Sir, Kindly address road safety issues with following slogan " STOP LOOK & GO" which can reduce accidents considerably. Ruko Dekho Jao , similarly in other languages. If the motto is repeatedly telecast it will sink into the subconscious mind , helping reduce accidents.Surakshit Sadakein Surakashit Bharat
0 0 The strategy can also be called RISE: ‘R’ for R&D; ‘I’ for promoting Indigenous Indian high-tech industrial capabilities; ‘S’ for a Science State and ‘E’ for a world class educational system. All these programmes can lead to massive employment and upgrading skills of youth.
0 0 SUGGESTION  – LAUNCHING A DEFENCE INDUSTRIALISATION STRATEGY India should announce an  advanced Defence Industrialisation Strategy. India can identify key technologies such as: •	Sufficiency in the nuclear fuel cycle •	Fusion and thorium based nuclear technologies and nuclear submarine technology •	Solar & renewable technologies •	Defence and Aerospace technologies like stealth, 5th gen aircraft, aerospace engine technology and advanced materials technologies •	Robotics
1 0 Continued: Reliance planted more than a million trees around Jamnagar Refinery which cooled the area, led to greater precipitation and fruit exports.  New industry projects can have similar afforestation requirements. SUGGESTION 2 – Another nationwide programme that could be launched is to tackle the issue of toxic waste generated by battery disposal. There is no system for disposing of used batteries which damages children's development.
0 0 Trains which only  travells for womens.
1 0 Suggestions for Hon’ble PM’s Independence Day speech: GREENING INDIA Announcing a massive afforestation programme to re-green India.  Besides cooling down high temperatures, even the international community will see this as a concrete preparation for the Paris Talks on Climate Change. This is compatible with industrialisation and development
1 0 I have attached the PDF with the suggestions on behalf of Triveni ITI, Pehowa. Due to Hindi font, we decided to upload it via .pdf file instead of copying the text here.
0 0 Dear Sir, I have a thought to involve students in taking up social service activities. On briefing the above, Like medical students, I would recommend engineering, arts & science students to do have an extra year. This extended year should be for doing social activities across the country, Social activities should be categorized technical/non-technical. This might get subdivided into many, Folks should work as a group, should have a group head (Please refer the attachment to read more)
0 0 Dear Sir, DRIVING TRAINING SCHOOL:Driving profession is considered as very LOW CLASS profession , and ROAD SAFETY greatly depends on drivers to great extent.Hence in order to make DRIVING a RESPECTABLE & ASPIRING PROFESSION , let's start opening DRIVING TRAINING SCHOOLS in ALL STATES & MAJOR CITIES ,so, DRIVERS & THEIR FAMILIES can lead their life with LOVE & RESPECT in society. Also we can enhance Minimum wage paid to all drivers & recruitment to be done from these schools only after passout.
0 0 #PM Sir, I request you to take Topics like "Stop Burning Plastic", "Save Electricity and Water" and "Agriculture" in your Speech on the eve of Our Independence Day along with other Best Topics suggested to you by my Fellow Indians. Thanking you on making Swach Bharat Abhiyan a successful campaign. #IndependenceDay #MyGov
1 0 Dear Pmji, Extension of Swaach Bharat part2: Our bigcities has huge potential in Medical Tourism. Although our Medicare is excellent but we lack in clean environment or surroundings. Big Multi speciality Hospitals shall adopt 2 km radius and keep clean. small hospitals shall adopt half km radius and keep them clean. Tiny clinics 100 mtr radius. This may be extended to factories too. A clean India tax or cess a must for polluting or Hazardous Units. Incentives for contributing Units. Jaihind
0 0 Respected sir we would like to have a speech on late Dr. APJ Abdul kalam "vision 2020" & also like you spread the importance of Indian culture in the world & also about the harmful effect of drugs , as many of the youth who are the future an country are involved in it .
0 0 sir few points: making india garibmukht by 2022. How? By increasing the number of 0's after 1 in the income column simultaneously reducing the number of 0's after 1 in the poverty column so that the words poor and poverty which is a stigma for all of us is totally removed and no one can play politics with it furthering his own interest. enough of this garib and garibi jumla. 65 % of the population below the age of 35 shall not carry the stigma of garib and garibi with them. Let them be free.
1 0 Dear PMji, Extension of Swaach Bharat. Main stake holders of Clean India is Public who can be made a willing partner. Firstphase to Target Our North East as a Tourism focus in International view. unlike current Tourism policy ,it must be innovative and comparable Tourism policy to Swiss or Singapore. We shall get more Foreign exchange and the people a good source of job and income. Their handicrafts also to be marketed beside.The same India with more revenue with more Tourism focus. Jaihind
0 0 Respected PM Sir, As a tribute to the Late Dr. Kalam who was an academician till his very end, The Central Govt. can come forward to establish a Central University in his native district of Ramnad in Tamil Nadu, which is otherwise an extremely backward district in Education. The University can be established as a Center for Excellence in Physics as a tribute to the Physics Genius. I think this will be the most satisfying act for his soul.
0 0 SIR AGAR AAPNE KISAN KI PROBLEM SOLVE KAR DI TOH AGLE 100 SAAL TAK CONGRESS NAHI AA PAYEGI. PLEASE ADDRESS THIS ISSUE. THIS A HUGE ISSUE. AAJ TAK - FOR AAM AADMI PARTY SUPPORTER, PUNYA PRASUN VAJPAYEE AND RAJDEEP SARDESAI NDTV -CONGRESS SUPPORTER , ABHIGYAN PRAKASH AND RAVISH ABP IS ALSO DOING SAME NEWS 24 CONGRESS SUPPORTER PLEASE AWARE THAT THEY DONT WANT TO GROW FARMER AND INDIA DEVELOPMENT SO PLEASE TAKE MAJOR REEVOLUTIONARY STEPTO GROW KISAN BENFIT
0 0 At present I am in US (back Delhi in Sept). We should learn cleanliness and waste management apart from nationality from US.
0 0 Respected sir, We all want to help you to make our country best. We all know that india is a developing country. There are some reason behind it.I.e corruption, discipline and women safety. As we know that today nothing is possible without corruption. Even we choose the way of corruption inspite of follow rules like signal lights. You should do something like movie gabbar is back. After that if we talk about discipline, no one is ready to follow rules. At last woman should get a safe place.
0 0 Dear Sir, plz read the attached file...
1 0 Green revolution is one which is the need now. This will definitely improve our agriculture productivity.
1 0 respected P.M SIR, PLEASE IMPLEMENT --OROP-- before you prepare your speech for independenceday ...FROM, G S SUBRAMANIAM .. AN EX-SERVICEMAN FROM CHENNAI ..(EX-IAF)-------IF NOT POSSIBLE , PLEASE, GIVE THE GOOD NEWS OF THE  YOUR IMPLEMENTATION OF --OROP-- IN YOUR INDEPENDENCEDAY SPEECH WITHOUT FAIL , SINCE WE , EX-SERVICEMEN , HAVE OUR  GREAT HOPES & FAITH IN  YOU ONLY SIR.. ..MY ROYAL  SALUTES TO YOU ,MAY GOD BLESS YOU SIR......JAIHIND
0 0 1.	Kisi bhi desh k growth uske financial growth se hoti hain aur hum toh fastest growing nations me se ek hain lekin humari growth pe break laga raha hain humara population. Population k wajase hume garabi, bhook mari , kuposhan ka samna karna padtha hain aur hum jo growth lena chahate hain wo ho nahin paa rahi hain iske liye bhi logon se appeal kare.
0 0 You should challenge all the remaining parties that if they wanted to fight they should come on same agenda. we can talk development of individual then we can also support for development of country.
1 0 1. JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN - EYES of our Nation and programs implemented to support them, national salute to the backbones of India. 2. Success of government initiatives and implications of the same. 3. India's recent achievements in all sectors and recognizing the same. 5. Call for more people to participate in the mygov.in 6. Launch a state level competition for cleanliness, solving basic problems(water, sewage), innovations, corruption free, literacy, digitization and green energy.
0 0 I have only three points to make:- 1) It's my personal opinion that the lower class of this country need to be addressed more often. They are the one who need to be uplifted, and therefore on 15th August I would like to hear few scheme about this section of society. 2) Those who sacrifice their lives at borders are both Hindus and Muslims, so ppl must not fight among themselves over religion, and rather respect each other, and work towards better India. 3) About OROP if possible.
0 0 Sir, why can't India has One card for all purposes like Income tax, voting, identity proof, address profile, Gov't should take initiative and this can only possible by BJP.
0 0 SIR PLEASE INCREASE MAKING BIO TOILET BECAUSE THIS OPERATION IS SO SUCCESSFUL
0 0 Adopt a “fix-it-first” policy A fix-it-first strategy can serve as an integral part of a state’s comprehensive approach to growth. A fix-it-first strategy prioritizes infrastructure spending to support the maintenance and upgrading of existing structures and facilities instead of incurring the cost of constructing or installing new infrastructure. Fix-it-first approaches generally are used in funding transportation infrastructure (e.g., roads, bridges, and rail systems)
0 0 PLEASE LAUNCH NEW FARMING ENGINEERING PROGRAMME IN WHICH STUDENT MAKE CAREEAR IN FARMING SECTOR AND BENEFIT TO THE KISAN
1 0 Honourable PM, I request you to ask our youth to use more Indian brands instead of foreign brands.Youth today thinks that whatever is made outside India is good.they just love wearing foreign brand cloths,eating in foreign brand restaurants etc,they should know that indirectly they are sending our money outside.for a country like our's, which is already loosing huge amount for importing petrol(which can't be avoided) hence we should try to ensure that our money stays in India as far as possible
0 0 SIR , "Create a growth cabinet" THAT WILL MEASURE EACH SECTOR GROWTH AND TAKE USEFUL MEASURE.
0 0 Sir,wanted to share an idea on youth stressing upon Organic farming and government support for youth scientific innovation entrepreneurship. Please stress upon the impact of quality education in government institutions and suitable justification on increasing unemployment and brain drain. Thanking You Varun Moganti
0 0 SIR Establish an agricultural district program TO ANALYSIS DISTRICT WISE DEMAND AND TO PROVIDE FUND ACCORDINGLY 2. Right to Farm Program
0 0 Sir,I regret to ask what happened to your promises made during the last  ONE  YEAR  of  governance. I think,it is better to SAY  LESS  and  DO  MORE.
0 0 Around 10 lacs people had stopped taking subsidized gas cylinders till now. My suggestion is that PM should announce on this independence day that   10 lacs gas connections will be given to families of below poverty line, with two gas cylinders to each family free of cost. This scheme should be made with digitized data, can be received through every district collector with his authentication and all KYCs. Allotment can be made through ministry of petroleum online.
0 0 SIR , PLEASE LAUNCH ANY SCHEME THAT WILL HUGELY BENEFIT TO THE KISAN AND ALSO INCREASES INDIA AGRICULTURE GROWTH.
0 0 Sir, You must announce the implementation of ONE RANK ONE PENSION for the DEFENCE FORCES from the ramparts of Red Fort on 15th Aug. Sir, you had promised this before the elections and also made the announcement at SIACHEN on Diwali last year. It has been delayed and 15th Aug is the right occassion for the announcement. Sir you must overcome the bottlenecks created by the bureaucrats of Finance Ministry. The Soldiers are eagerly waiting for this announcement. Regards. Pradipta Kumar Das.
0 0 Respected Sir, while you have taken action to make our bureaucrats more accountable, there is a need to penalise those who delay decision or knowingly take wrong decision due to vested interests resulting in inflated project cost. In such cases, the inflated costs should be recovered from such officers which will ensure that don't indulge in such activities.
0 0 THIS IS A RIGHT TIME FOR GOVERNMENT TO GIVE BENEFIT TO KISAN DIRECTLEY WHO HAS PROBLEM. "KISAN SURAKSA BIMA YOJNA" IF ANY KISAN HAS A MONEY PROBLEM CENTRE TAKE COMPLAINT ONLINE AND TRANSFER MONEY DIRECLY TO THERE ACCOUNT.THIS CAUSE HUGE MONY DEMAND BUT LIFE OF EVERY KISAN IS IMPORTANT AND TO CONFIRM THAT NO SUCIDE HAPPEN AGAIN. IF ALL THE VILLAGES WHO HAVE CENTRE THAT WILL TAKE REQUEST THAN ANALYSIS OF TOTAL REQUEST COME IN ALL INDIA AND IDENTIFY WHAT IS THE PROBLEM AND MAKE NEW KISAN SCHEME
0 0 Govt. should introduce two new bank account no. to strengthen our army and police. Any Indian interested to help our army and police they can deposit in to these bank accounts.This fund can be used to upgrade our army and police for example bullet proof jackets, arms, four Wheeler, diesel petrol, technology support etc. Suppose 1 crore Indians deposits Rs.100 in a day it will be Rs.hundred crore. 15th august and 26th January can be mahadeposit day for our soldiers and policemen.Thanks
0 0 Respected Sir Decreasing ground water levels are a great cause of concern.People need to be serious about this . While  building  house in life one can make some provision for harvesting rain water wherever possible. Compulsory provisions for rain water harvesting in the clauses of highway construction required . Our future generations should not suffer on account of our present misuse of this natural gift. Warm regards Tere are floods at present but no drinking waters
0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister I am a huge fan of yours.I really like and appreciate that u share and talk with the common people ,"Mann Ki Baat" is a great initiative of yours .You have inspired us in a million ways .I am not here to criticize and complain,I just want to suggest that on " THE INDEPENCE DAY " u tell  us (the people of INDIA and the world) that why INDIA is the greatest of all nations.#one heart with courage is the majority.JAI HIND.
0 0 Ministry of Agriculture needs some changes for the welfare of the farmers. The farming sector is still an un-organised sector. Farmers are working without in this sector without much guidance and moral support. Farmer's suicide has become a matter of serious concern. They feel frustrated, when their crops get damaged either in drought or in rain or heavy flood. They have to take loans from untamed financial borrowers with higher interest rates for investing in their farm lands.
0 0 Dr BABASAHAB AMBEDKAR on his 125 BIRTH ANNIVERSARY,NAGPUR RAILWAY JUNCTION change name to Dr BABASAHAB AMBEDKAR NAGPUR JUCTION (DBANJ) & set STATUE OF BABA at the RAIWAY BUILDING see Photo. STATUE OF BABA because "In front of RAILWAY building FLYOVER  dominate beauty of building" On flyover make become RAILWAY BUILDING small & because of BABA STATUE the height of BUILDING definatly RISE & rise beauty of DBANJ.I hope GOI  MINISTRY OF RAILWAY  IMPLIMENT  STATUE OF BABA  give  gift to BABA 125 ANNI
0 0 Sir.  The present backlog of cases can be cleared, with the oldest cases being taken on priority, by giving extension to retired/retiring judges, with the Registrar monitoring their performances and bringing it to Chief Justice notice on monthly basis.  Creating additional courts would be a drain on the exchequer and poor nation like us cannot allow a bloated judicial system.
0 0 In order to achieve effective service delivery of governance, there should be some ministry-level changes in India. Particularly, the Ministry of Home Affairs(MHA) should be dismantled into various other ministries, as the MHA is bestowed upon many crucial tasks . In view of increasing threats from global terror outfits, India should create a separate Ministry for Terrorism Control and Prevention, freeing MHA from this responsibility.
0 0 Hamare lokpriya P.M. sir , aapko is independence day pe "NATIK SIKSHA" k bare me bhi Bat krni chahiye .kyo ki aaj jo hamare samaj me iska asar dheere dheere lagbhag samapt ho rha h .SIR AAJ kl education ka technical star to tezi se badh rha h .kintu hm apne natik gyan se koso dur ja rhe h .
0 0 DEAR PRIME MINISTER PLEASE LAUNCH ANY SCHEME THAT WILL STOP FARMER SUICIDE AND ALSO ALLIGATION OF ANTI FARMER WILL BE REMOVED. AND KISAN WILL ALSO BE HAPPY. BECAUSE OPPOSITION ARE USING THIS AS A TOOL TO DOWN  GOVERNMENT . PLEASE MAKE  CENTRE IN EVERY VILLAGE THAT WILL ALSO BE CONNECTED TO T CENTRAL DELHI SERVER WHERE  KISAN DEMAND CAN BE SOLVED . BECAUSE LIFE OF EVERY KISAN IS IMPORTANT. IF ANY KISAN HAS A PROBLEM OF HIS LAND THAN THEY WILL ASK COMPENSATION OR MONEY IN 1 MONTH AFTER INSPECT
0 0 Respected PM, kindly have a meeting of all Chief Justices and impress upon them the need to give justice in time.  We do not need more courts, what we need is justice delivered within a reasonable time of say maximum 2 years for a civil case. If cases are decided within this reasonable time, the number of cases being filed would come down as many a time cases are filed, especially where the litigant is aged ones, as they know that no decision would be taken for 10-20 years
0 0 Respected Sir, Please abolish section 377 IPC, which is being misused by most of the estranged wives these days. I have myself observed in Allahabad High Court that hundreds of cases are piling up with sections 498A/406/377 IPC and Judge is asking petitioners to pay handsome amounts to complainant wife, if they want relief of 'not arrest' from the courts. Hence either abolish 377 IPC or seal world Heritage of Khajuraho Sex Temples, where Oral / Anal sex is prominently display to visitors.
0 0 Dear Sir, want to draw your attention to best initiative of your Gov - #GIVEITUP. Many in this country have an appreciation for sharing/giving. However over the past decade we have grown a lot skeptical about everything/everyone. The culture of trust/ belief in the society is non-existent. Can you speak on this topic of Sharing/Giving and need to bring back the Trust/Belief based social structure. Think this country needs some inspiration Who else to look up to other than Our beloved Mr.#PM
0 0 Respected sir, With the ongoing threat of terrorism and the increasing rate of crime within the country, i would request you to start holding physically challenging obstacles for aspirants of the Prestigious IPS, as we need strong along with smart candidates to manage and to mitigate the crimes. Thank you :)
0 0 I have posted an advice on the speech to be delivered on this Aug.15th 1week 6 days ago in this site. I pray the H.ble P.M. of India to be kind enough and go through my submission regarding a project named "POOR MEN UPLIFT PROGRAM" which was submitted in 7 pages on 07-10-2014 and which is said to be under examination in the Fin>Dept.I hope the H'P.M. to be kind enough and announce a big program for the uplift of OBCs on Aug.15th.
0 0 there should be a way to dispose off old vehicles and it should be made mandatory for those having multiple vehicles and vehicles beyond age 15 yrs.
0 0 Dear Honor, Bharath Rathna for Sir.Jayaprakash Narayanan
0 0 Sir, the constitutional amendment for reservation in promotion of SCSTs in Govt system by abolishing Catch-up Rule was made being supported by all parties, but till now not notified,Would you please kindly notify it Sir
1 0 One pension one rank should be announced for army. Freedom is enjoyed only when our borders are protected. Every family should send atleast one child to the armed forces. Multiple Skill development for everyone - Security Guards / Drivers / Sanitation workers and those killing time - at there work places - at there home. start of national teachers aptitude test making mandatory for every teacher.
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Contd.Manu-Smriti-Adhyay(8)-Uttam Raja( Rular) Ki Paribhasha:Shlok No-386: Yasya Stenh Pure Naasti,Nanystreego Na Dushtvak! Na Sahsik dandhano Sa Raja Shakr LokBhak!! Means 5-Maha Apradhiyo (Chor,Par-Stree-Gami, DushtVachan Bolnewala,Dussahsi-Daku,Rajagya Bhang Karne wala) ko Vash me karne Wala Raja( Rular)Uttam Raja Hai.Kindly Aap Bhi Eaise Bane Yahi Ishwar se hamari Prarthna Hai.Thanks.Ashok Dashora (President) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A,Indore (MP),Mob: 09425345999/09425400999.
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Looking at the regular parliamentary logjams, perhaps you could announce a Truth & Reconciliation Compact with the Opposition parties which can agree to wipe out all the past errors of silly obstruction to good proposals and ensure that that a Pact for India emerges which can help create jobs and ameliorate poverty. P. S. People are tired of the antics in the Parliament. #IndependenceDay
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Indians should feel proud of being indians, and this 15th august lets not use it as another off day from work. Lets rise up and work for the nation. How? Our mind is a great machines and it generated ideas at the speed of light. A small suggestion to everyone, keep a small diary right it down, no wonder it way be useful. And a forum / website be created where ideas can be saved and best ones can be implemented
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Contd.Manu-Smriti-Adhyay(8)-Uttam Raja( Rular) Ki Paribhasha:Shlok No-386: Yasya Stenh Pure Naasti,Nanystreego Na Dushtvak! Na Sahsik dandhano Sa Raja Shakr LokBhak!! Means 5-Maha Apradhiyo (Chor,Par-Stree-Gami, DushtVachan Bolnewala,Dussahsi-Daku,Rajagya Bhang Karne wala) ko Vash me karne Wala Raja( Rular)Uttam Raja Hai.Kindly Aap Bhi Eaise Bane Yahi Ishwar se hamari Prarthna Hai.Thanks.Ashok Dashora (President) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A,Indore (MP),Mob: 09425345999/09425400999.
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
1 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
1 0 Respected PM Sir, please discuss about the Indian Economy In year 1975- Rs9.4058 = $1 and In year 2000- Rs44.9401 = $1 and in year 2015- Rs64.05 = $1 please refer the indian-economy.pdf
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Contd.Manu-Smriti-Adhyay(8)-Uttam Raja( Rular) Ki Paribhasha:Shlok No-386: Yasya Stenh Pure Naasti,Nanystreego Na Dushtvak! Na Sahsik dandhano Sa Raja Shakr LokBhak!! Means 5-Maha Apradhiyo (Chor,Par-Stree-Gami, DushtVachan Bolnewala,Dussahsi-Daku,Rajagya Bhang Karne wala) ko Vash me karne Wala Raja( Rular)Uttam Raja Hai.Kindly Aap Bhi Eaise Bane Yahi Ishwar se hamari Prarthna Hai.Thanks.Ashok Dashora (President) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A,Indore (MP),Mob: 09425345999/09425400999.
0 0 Sir, Kindly play Lata Mangeshkar's Ae Mere Watan.song from the ramparts to enable millions of Indian hear thru TVs. Secondly, please appoint a committee (time framed) to find out the where there is no water, electricity, school, food, clothes, and of course telephone and TV. With a reasonable time, and with the help of Corporates, profitable religious institutions and Clubs/Pubs, Cine film industry with the help of state and central government to provide the said facility within the time frame.
0 0 Sir Namaste.i want you to speak about corruption & on work culture of our govt employees.sir corruption is the main cause behind our country being backward.also due to negligence of some corrupt officers the whole system suffers.if we have a fixed duty hour,we have to do it .but actually it do not happens.sir can we set up system to enhance the dutifulness & punctuality of  our employees?pls speak about these topics.#IndependenceDay.DHANYABAD.
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Dear PM Sir, We are really excited to listen your speech on coming INDEPENDENCE DAY, I just want to give my views that if you will say it in your speech then really run the fillings of patriotism in every citizen's heart of India. Please say that every citizen listen patriotism songs only on two days in a year that are Independence day and republic day. It should be must that any govt. offices these are also should be able to listen only and only patriotism songs.
0 0 Contd.Manu-Smriti-Adhyay(8)-Uttam Raja( Rular) Ki Paribhasha:Shlok No-386: Yasya Stenh Pure Naasti,Nanystreego Na Dushtvak! Na Sahsik dandhano Sa Raja Shakr LokBhak!! Means 5-Maha Apradhiyo (Chor,Par-Stree-Gami, DushtVachan Bolnewala,Dussahsi-Daku,Rajagya Bhang Karne wala) ko Vash me karne Wala Raja( Rular)Uttam Raja Hai.Kindly Aap Bhi Eaise Bane Yahi Ishwar se hamari Prarthna Hai.Thanks.Ashok Dashora (President) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A,Indore (MP),Mob: 09425345999/09425400999.
0 0 Hon’ble PM ji, core issues according to us, which we feel need attention are: 1. All our developments and growth schemes are not bearing fruit more so because of population explosion, and unfortunately no one speaks for this as if this is a curse, please say something about management and restriction of Indian population before it becomes unmanageable . Other issues need attention are, 2. Traffic explosion, 3. Menace of stray animals, 4. Health care 5. control of plastic bag/container sale.
0 0 The country has a gigantic hidden potential in the field of scientific researches, but most of our young brains are opting for foreign research centres and some few young scientists are failing to make it to any research facility. Sir to carry out scientific researches are quite expensive, so it is also not possible,bt this can be made possible by announcing a financial institution in the name of Dr kalam to support finacially such research activities in the country.
0 0 #PM Sir kindly address from the red fort the concept of national volunteering scheme. The government should create an online portal for people intersted in volunteering for any national cause be it flood, earthquake etc.as well as nation wide events such as kumbh mela, puri rath yatra, religious congregation at all levels.It can run nation wide covering essential services such as police assistance, blood donation, ambulance services. One day in a year can be dedicated for this activity by all.
0 0 Representation of SCSTs in Govt system is not yet reached desired level.In this stage application of Catch-up Rule restrict SCSTs to hold the high level posts in Govt system is quite against the prescribed constitutional provision, please think on this issue and help upliftment of SCSTs.
0 0 Up banda khaptiha kalan me naher me aka take pani nhi aya
0 0 Sir I would to give my suggestion to have one year compulsory millatry trannig after graduation for every indian citizen. Overall our governemnt is on track of Growth for india
0 0 Up kandish pats Hai ki
0 0 Military rule and regulations in armed forces are as like as British era. Now we are a part of independent India, Rule and regulations of the same can be changed,so as soldiers can feel proud himself being a part of Independent Indian. In British era,the white men were given the rights to command the Indian jawaan with their convenience.so that they can rule over India, we adopt the system in which the white people were replaced with Indian people. only faces changed but attitude is same.
0 0 Working Environment for employees need to be checked and it should be healthy.
0 0 11- Parliament/Legislature assembly- Should run as per their plan.Personal issues need to be discussed out of Parliament/Legislature assembly.If anyone has such issue can go to court.MP/MLA should realize their duties and responsibilities. 12-Food Adulteration - Most hurting thing in today's scenario is food adulteration.Testing kits/sample collection system etc should be easy accessible. And it should be like toll free number where consumer can complain and agency can collect samples.
0 0 Sir,Kindly Speak Reg.Mission "SATYAMEV-JAYATE"because common men are not getting Real-Justice.kindly Apply"Dand-Vidhan" from "Manu-Smriti"specially in Family-Disputes,Adhyay(8),Vivad No-15(Stree-Sangrahan) & Adhyay (8)Vivad No-16(Pati-Patni Dharm Me Vyatikram), According Shlok No-352 to 387.Vivad No-15,Shlok-352 Says"Pardara- Abhimarsheshu,Pravrittannrinmhipati! Udvejankarerdandshichhnnyitva Pravsyet.Parstree gaman Karne Wale Ke Ang-Bhang kar Desh-Nikala Kare.Ashok Dashora-09425345999-Contd.Next
0 0 Sir this is high time our country is suffering from child trafficking  specially of girls . if u can come with some very  Stern measures so that no body can engage in this. This is generally left by all political parties, because these type of issues will never fetch votes for them. For country I request you to announce some very Stern measure against it, also to use some high tech that children lost can be traced
0 0 Respected sir,namaste . After coming into chair,u have announced many programs.i think,it does not reach upto bottom.i think,better to ,directly ask to BDO,with the help of MUKHIYA give 1/2 hours demo for each program  in each PANCHAYAT/village .In each block  there is 20-25 panchayat.In each panchayat 4-5 villages .So it  is not difficult  and result-- unbeleavable.
0 0 8-Still British Raj-There are areas where still we feel atmosphere like British Raj.Gap in ranks in Defense which now a days leading to mutiny etc. need to check well in time.Appropriate steps to be taken by Govt. 9-Gallantry awards-That amount need to multiplied as per Price Index.People behind that person need to be taken utmost care. 10-Court need to revise their charges/bond fee according to current scenario and should be revised at regular interval.This will help country financially.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Continuing the easing of doing business, promoting, incentivising, and enhancing labour intensive exports to improve employment,reducing import duties for export,access to free education for all, following German education systems which focuses at specific skill development from early age,set up world class colleges and universities in every state, improving infrastructure in all states would help us to become a developed country sooner. Best Wishes and Regards Sekar
0 0 Sir I think you should touch on how  inner traitors who support terrorist in any form whether media or vocal or any way are dangerous for country. U will have strong opposition from lots of people, but they will never vote for Patriots like you. I have high hope on you that you will touch on this despite lots will oppose us. How can media indirectly show something which ultimately terrorist also wanted.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please revamp RSBY and other mass health insurance scheme. They served good purpose in rural healthcare sector and improved the health indicators We need such a system with more robust systems and monitoring to increase better utilization among the poor and venerable societies of India.
0 0 Honable Prime Minister; Republic of India. Dear Sir,Please start gatiman express from Delhi to Agra,also trial thia on other root like as Delhi to Howrah via Allahabad,Delhi to Mumbai,Delhi to Chennai.Start Bullet train from Ahmadabad to Mumbai in your frist term.start these project on urgent basis.
0 0 5-Vision 2020-We need set our vision which was set by our Great and beloved man Late Dr. APJ kalam .We can try for something achievable targets. 6-No Food wastage -Provision to come forward to help those who really needy and can be done effectively with little bit awareness and people contribution. 7-I appreciate Khoya-Paya movement driven by Govt.We can make it good by having huge Data base and providing guideline to local police to track missing complaint with children begging in street.
0 0 3-Fianancial/Non Financial Impact-Govt can easily bifurcate Financial/Non Financial issue.Non Financial issues such as Road rage/Child trafficking/begging/Old age look after etc can tackled with the help of NGOs/Local people.Just Govt need to stand behind them. 4-Govt need to become more serious regarding society threatening issues like Begging etc because it opens scope for kidnapping.Can't our govt can ensure such environment where parents feel secure about their children.Please do something
0 0 Dear PM Sir Please include - Achievements on this govt. till now that needs to be shared with every Indian. - What are all Challenges as a PM when you took it over from last PM & decisions, steps taken in order to overcome it. - Why we should be proud to be an Indian & what is everyone's responsibility for that.
0 0 Acceptance & practise of 'discipline' in all facets of National LIFE is a must, a pre-requisite for the establishment of a strong nation. Discipline in political life, disciplined economic activity, disciplined social intercourse, are all a must for the sustenance of a developing and vibrant nation. The PM may consider this very important aspect of 'upholding national discipline', to be emphasized and put across to the nation, on this important day. Gen. Mehra
0 0 Trying to summarize issues which affects our daily life- 1-Fair selection procedure for any competition @state/Centre level.If right candidates are not selected then you can't expect something good to deliver.And Vyapam,UP PSC ,SSC are example. 2-We Locals feeling-Now a days its difficult to even go to other city for work.North Indian doesn't feel secure in East or west or South.Same is case for everyone. continue in other post...
0 0 For this Independence Day speech, I request PM Narendra Modi to ask the nation this question:- 1. Why the membership of Rajya Sabha MPs should not be stand cancelled, once their electing Vidhan Sabha is dissolved. And once a new Assembly is elected, then all the MPs representing that state should be reelected. Isn't it time to make amendment to the constitution to give effect of above. Look at congress, the nation has rejected it, even then they are able to create trouble.
0 0 Respected PM, My idea is about giving chance to under developed cities to grow, which in turn will eliminate many other social & economic problems. For brief of idea, please refer attached .pdf file.
0 0 We should have a Govt. aided Newspaper, FB page, twitter Handle and News Channel only dedicated for displaying Positive/Happy News about Events in India and World. Today's mainstream media displays a lot of Negativity and unfortunate happenings. Why can't we start a Newspaper where people of India can Collaborate and Display only the Positive Initiatives of the Government and Positive Current Affairs in India and around the World. It was also a dream and vision of Dr.A.P.J Abdul Kalam.
0 0 Respected sir, please do request citizens of India to respect HINDI language. I am a UG student i didi my schooling in Hindi medium, when I asked professor a question in Hindi sometimes she also laugh on me. its a rumour in society that if we pursue higher studies in Hindi we cant achieve our goals...
0 0 TO,Respected Priminister of India, By-DISTRICT (ELEMENTARY) EDUCATION OFFICER , DIST-NAGAUR RAJASTHAN SUB-SUGGESTION FOR NEW EDUCATION POLICY-2015 ACCORDING TO MEETING ON DATED 04/08/2015 IN HONOUR DIST. COLLECTOR,NAGAUR AND MEMBERS OF DEO (ELEMENTARY) AND A.D.P.C (RMSA) DIST-NAGAUR AND OTHER OFFICERS OF EDU. DEPARTMENT. THERE ARE FOLLOWING SUGGESTION IS GIVEN BY MEMBERS AND REPORT IS UPLOADED IN YOUR RESPECT. Dist. Collector Nagaur, MR. RAJAN VISHAL HELD MEETING ON 04-08-15 AT DIST LEVEL
1 0 Dear Modiji, Initiative to propose a common economic development framework in Asia or South Asia, similar to European Union, having a common trade policy, common agricultural and market policy and a common currency - "ARC" (Asian Regional Currency) or "Asha"- hope, similar to EURO. India can be the leader in mutual economic liberalisation and to empower and boost Asian economical growth through this revolution.
0 0 Suggestion for Upliftment of farmers Ref: PMO Grievance registration # PMOPG/E/2015/0020516 1. Forming small farmers producers company by enrolling 1000 small farmers with a contribution of Rs 1000. The investment will be Rs 10 lakhs. Get 10 lakhs aid from central government's small farmers consotorium. The total investment will be 20 lakhs. Convert it to export company. Profit will go to the farmers. 2. Allow the farmers to produce bio-diesel through small farmer producers company.
0 0 Sir,this is in continuation with my previous post regarding Rural education. I have formulated a policy regarding financial constraints that wud emerge and how to solve it by taking 1 state as an eg.If i b given 15 mins i wud like 2 give a presentation on this
0 0 Sir 1.Plz do request citizen of india to not throw our national flag on roads or streets or at any place where it comes under our feet.it is very shame to see our national flag everywhere on road,garbages and dustbin on the very next day of independence.it is our national flag and its should be in our heart not under our feet.
0 0 Respected PM, Congratulations to you for your 'Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao' Mission. I request you to please think on a new mission towards 'Adoption of Child'. Adopting a Child may have the following advantages to the country as well as as a individual:- -> Utilization of our vast population. -> Helps to reduce poverty level in the country -> Helps to maintain min. gap b/w Riches and Poor. -> Developing Hybrid Generations -> Access to equal opp. -> Improves quality of life. Thank You
1 0 Give the lesson plan to the 'A' Grade Officer of Indian bureaucracy including Defence Officer as well as Civil Officer, Don't behave like Black Englishmen with the people of India, Their attitudes towards common man from some officer are very rude.
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, SKILL INDIA IS GOOD BUT NOT ALL COMPANIES ARE FOLLOWING IT SPECIALLY OUR ORDNANCE FACTORIES SO DO MAKE POINT REGARDING THIS.
0 0 Respected Sir, I am a HAL retiree even without a Family Pension.Ex-servicemen demands for OROP,more DA, Govt Servants for more Salary & DA as their right. We the lakhs of Sr.Citizens who is not covered under any social benefit is without security in the street. Out of a meager retirement benefit a FD in 2009 fetches 25% less and prices are 200 times more.HAL introduced a pension for Officers from 2007, I get Rs.320 under it.Please take care of us too who are in millions without social coverage.
0 0 Sir,application of permission system in SCSTs land transaction is based on caste restricts them to get genuine price, they face lot of obstacles to dispose their land at the time of emergency  need of money, forcing them to sale their land in fish -vegetable rate, Most people take advantages of this faulty policy. So it requested that criteria for application of permission for selling  of SCSTs land should be based on illiteracy instead of caste. Thanking you.
0 0 Namaste Sir,I take this oppurtunity to suggest a policy on Rural education.Select 10 students 5 Boys & girls who have passed 10th std from Govt schools from every taluk(state's local lang)purely on merit basis and provide100 % scholarsp till they attain a degree.I would suggest you to start a children's fund.I feel students from rural bkgnd wud b wilng 2 wrk tht solves our nation problems then make money&settle abroad.Money wud not b prob whn u've ppllike Mr.premji who can donate upto 50k crs.
0 0 Respected Dear PM Sir, I would like to suggest that please try to see if following points can be addressed in 15th Aug speech of yours. - When you took over as a PM what was the financial state of our Country, Where were we standing on the Defense front ( Means how badly the arm forces were equipped) & What are the steps taken / planned to overcome this. - What are all achievements till the time for this govt. that every Indian should know & must be shared with every India
0 0 Sir, I want highlight one that about farmer, Though he is producing too much but he getting too less. Mean to say, we are observing much more price spread but his share is too less(5%-10%). So, please mandate the rules to control middle man OR make easy marketing channels. So that farmer can get actual profit. Because he is the one who takes up actual production activities. Thank you.....
0 0 Appeal the people of India........HUM DO HAMARE EK.....
0 0 Mr.PM,I would like to draw your kind attention regarding Indian bureaucracy.Here so much importance now days given to civil services,due to this our best brains and also capable entrepreneurship minds goes to this BAPPU culture.We need best bureaucratic system but at the same time we need more energetic nation building work culture.Once someone entered in civil service ,after year performance of them were very much low and have a different mind set.Need a radical change.
0 0 Respected Sir, I want you to speak on the topic of media and films, now a days films are being made on baseless topics or otherwise controvercial. Our Indian history is so much huge that if the films would be made on them it would take years and years from the harappan civilisations till modern india to showcase. So why dont these filmmakers show us such historical things inspite of those idiosyncratic films which are of no educational values for us and neither they are entertaining.
0 0 Respected Honorable Prime Minister Shri Nanrendra Modi, Sir the newspaper media is a very good communicator. However i have found that in almost all the newspaper you always find some very bad advertisements and other religious advertisement promoting illegal activities considering the loopholes in the constituition kindly consider the same and pease resolve the matter as this could lead the youth to the wrong path. However the fact it appears below the Add of PM.
0 0 Warm gesture and a kindly advice- Will be great if the nation can be acknowledged on what's in this government pocket for India's one upon a time rich indigenous sectors like- Khadi, Silk, Ayurveda, Sanksrit,Traditional Bell and metal industries, etc. An era of exposing the rural India to the World like Yoga Examples- Like taking khadi to global level, Thanks and wish for a good Governance in INDIA !!!
0 0 Honorable prime minister, A speech at independence day would not go effective untill it is turned as action. 1) Our country would like to here about swacch bharat mission. There are many places in Delhi where all dust is dumped in road side, and stagnate water infornt of houses. No one is taking responsibility of this. 2) Women want to hear about there safety, female children of age group 3 to 5 years want to hear about there safety. A capital punishment should be given to a rapist.
0 0 Farm Based Rural Development : Integrated Agriculture Development of Farm holdings aiming at Sampurnata and Samagrata. Priority on strategic border areas, and livelihood providing means for day to day expenses as well as meeting the aspirations of young generation . This has to be based on secondary agriculture and allied activities. The profitability has to be based on greater share of natural resources than applied inputs.Compaign on grid basis for fuel wood security and livestock.
0 0 Please Act the "LOOK EAST INDIA(WB, Bihar,Jharkhand, Odisha and easter UP)" Policy with the "ACT EAST ASIA" policy. The more care are required for the Eastern states of India. The Poverty,low literacy, unemployment, Crime, Migration, malnutrition etc and dirty politics are the key reason of backwardness. i humbly request to you, In this independence day, You must urge and assure the people of eastern India for improvement of their development in future.
0 0 The Great Indian Flag with Army, Air Force, & Nevy Flag from the ramparts of the Red Fort and warning in loud to all those countries, politician, businessman, ect. who are promoting terrorism, corruption, promoting wronge activities for contry to be in limit or to face the damage, JAI HIND
0 0 Sir, I want to highlight the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2013 which is long pending in Upper house to discuss.There should be common builder-buyer agreement across Nation which will help in safeguarding buyer interest.Now, a days builder use their muscle power and delay the project and buyer are struggling and fighting in courts and evantally we all know the court process.Tiusis biggest concern of buyer in NCR.Pls look into this.
0 0 Sir, please try for some strategy that will make do with caste based reservation forever, and make economic backwardness the only criteria for reservation. This will help to stop brain drain to some extent and will also help the lower caste people strive for excellence. Present case is that they are not motivated to excel. Sri. Ambedkar had envisaged a scenario in which caste based reservation is phased out over time. But the percentage of reservation has increased not decreased
0 0 Sir, Kindly take up the issue of reservation for Disabled/Physically handicapped people in Govt. jobs. One specific issue I want to draw your attention towards is "Non-identification of posts for disabled with MUSCULAR WEAKNESS category A & B of gov. jobs". I myself including lakhs of people across the country suffering from Muscular weakness related disorder are victim of this issue since private sector does not accept us and being higher educated person, we can not do jobs of C & D group.
0 0 TO,Respected Priminister of India, India By-RMSA DISTRICT (Secondary Education)OFFICER, DIST-NAGAUR RAJASTHAN SUB-SUGGESTION FOR NEW EDUCATION POLICY-2015 ACCORDING TO MEETING ON DATED 04/08/2015 IN HONOUR DISTRICT COLLECTOR,NAGAUR AND MEMBERS OF DEO (ELEMENTARY) AND A.D.P.C (RMSA) DIST-NAGAUR AND OTHER OFFICERS OF EDUCATION DEPARTMENT. THERE ARE FOLLOWING SUGGESTION IS GIVEN BY MEMBERS AND REPORT IS Uploaded IN YOUR RESPECT.
1 0 Sir,Village Panchayats are not empowered enough to benefit from the various schemes that are come under Central or State Plans or they are not aware of such things.This is an issue that needs serious mobilization and empowerment approaches through government interventions.
0 0 Sir, Request is to take up as a policy matter "Generation of Employment Opportunities for youth (including those with specialised/higher education like engineering/MBA) in all the Smaller cities of the country" so that youth does not have to leave their own cities/towns to  head for metros like delhi/mumbai. This will result in saving indian families, good care of elderly besides easing multiple woos of metro cities on account of overcrowding.
0 0 Sir,I would try to take your attention towards the implementation part of Swacchh Bharat programme as the recent survey showed the still dismal state of cleanliness in various regions.There should be a more innovative way of ensuring proactive and participatory approach of all sections of society towards this issue which time and again becomes down and dusted in theatrics form.
0 0 Respected PM, how about having Travelators installed as a medium of transport in big cities. I see this as a very good alternative to the current traffic chaos that we see in most of the big cities. This can probably be part of the smart cities initiative as well. I have provided more details on this idea in my grievance registration id PMOPG/E/2015/0007640. Hope this plan sees light in the days to come.
0 0 I would like to hear a report on all the schemes that have launched since May 2014 - how far have we progressed, and what are the next steps
0 0 Sir, Namashkar from Varanasi. Pl put this question before all govt. officials - why we have not created an environment to produce companies like Google and Microsoft when Indians can become CEOs of these companies in US. Is it bad policy, bad laws,harassment and creating obstacles by govt. officials. Who is responsible for keeping India poor and illiterate -politicians or officials or both.
0 0 The Honourable Prime Minster has to speak about the fixing of accountability for employee of the Government.Now no one is accountable to anyone.This only breeds corruption and favouritism in public life and Govt.functioning.
0 0 Dear Sir, 1.Announcement of OROP. 2.A system to clean all drainages as a part of Swachh Bharat Mission. 3.Trifurcation of FCI.
0 0 Let us be all Happy, honest, duty-bound, helping the needy and following the Rules. Having some common sense and civic sense. Let's be grateful. Respect all. All of us should work, work hard and equally endure, to build ourselves and to build a resilient INDIA.
0 0 One of the new type of marginalized population group i.e., many later years of youths who are at the verge of ending their employment age but somehow got struck to hard survival line and becomes voiceless, considering defeated by their luck. Caught by the circumstances and exploited by the privatization compelling to compromise life.  Many of them have become the lifeline of the family but never ever tried to look into them. they are also respectable citizen of our countr. Regards
0 0 reservation is a vrey critical issue for a nation'health . i am a general unfortunately. I dont want to say erase reservation,give privilages to the underdeveloped but specify the places where we could go i.e. the generals, the reserved people would get a rank or job or some right under the quota reserved for them and also can get place of generals. To be clear there are no generals either reserved or all. Please take a serious action to ammend this. Even address it in your speech Respected pm
0 0 Agriculture is highly sensitive sector that affacts 65% of population but contributes just 14-15% to the GDP. It has huge disguised unemployment emphasiging the need of only sustainable remedy of shifting this manpower load to other sectors and allied activities like forestry, fishery, poultry, etc. Hence, some concrete program for young farmers be launched. Helping farmers from time to time and offering them with incentives may never be an affective solution in true sense.
0 0 Dear P.M., My suggestion on PM's speech for independence day is that we should include subject on "Civic Sense" in schools. It will help to educate new generation of India from childhood  about healthy and clean living standards and it will also help to became good citizens from childhood. and it will help to make India clean and to make India developed nation.
0 0 Hello Sir, I would like to suggest please add some words about HONESTY IN LIFE by each citizen of india either he may Politician, Minister, IAS,IPS, IRS and All Govt.Officers, Corporates, Business Mens,. If Each one follow Honesty about their duty, Responsibilities (कर्तव्यों के प्रति ईमानदारी )  and Rights & Authorities अधिकारों के  प्रति ईमानदारी . Our Nation will be Lead to the world and blessed by Peace, Healthy,Economically strong and Less Poverty , more happiness in a little few years.
0 0 hello Sir, I am sad to know that youth of our nation working in MNCs want to do overtime on Independence Day just to earn extra wages/money for working on National holidays.Its shameful for me to see that no one in my generation is bothered about Independence day and its celebration.
0 0 PRESERVE BHARATIYATA! DONT RESTRICT SCIENCE IN THE NAME OF RELIGION. Indian governments are very late in taking initiatives to encourage scientific research on customs and traditions like Yoga of Bharat. It is sad that while there is an "OXFORD CENTRE FOR HINDU STUDIES" and people irrespective of religion are doing research, rather having such institute in India, we call everything in Bharatiyata as superstitious. Expecting decision from PM encouraging Indian future genes to feel Bharatiyata.
0 0 Taking forward yoga from physical acts to spiritual ---must be the next step;that is focussing inwards to Lord within; this aspect of yoga courses and lectures must be organised in all countries that supported;Lord within can be Allah/Jesus
0 0 hello sir, we all knows how your effort for devlopment, and this congress are not digest that, sir my opinion is that can you meeting for all loksabha and rajyasabha together & pass all the pending bills?
0 0 AIM  OF PEACE , PURITY , JOY ,LOVE , POWER , TRUTH & BLISS  ---  REAL ATTAINMENT
1 0 Dear sir, Please do something for stop farmer suicides. If government can give subsidy, land, loan and tax exemption for industrialists for starting automobile or electronics or IT ventures then government should also give support for poor farmers who provide food for all of us. Thanks you
0 0 Respected Sir, Social Security Schemes of PMSBY, PMJJBY & APY are really path breaking. We expect this year Speechins announcement of Mega Rollout of these schemes ensuring that every eligible individual is covered in 1/2 year span with small Government support except for White Ration Card holders in a range of 25-50% of total cost. Coverage of these schemes alone will be Great Achievement in itself for Common Man giving financial freedom making Independence Day meaningful in real sense.
0 0 LIVE ( WITHOUT ANY SPECIFIC PERSON TO BE HEARD ) HEARING SUDDEN UNKNOWN OR LESSER  KNOWN  COMMON MEN - ON  ROAD - Reality shows to be  shown on D D I news channel of B H A R AT -of faith & trust .(BHULE  BISRE  MEET)--REAL-  J U B A N I - K A H A N I - OF PEACE  &  JOY
0 0 Dear Mr PM , Please tell all the officers and staff of all the departments and ministries  to lift the phone and answer politely, otherwise, the phone connection is not worth keeping.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, India is a wired country but not in a positive sense. We have wires hanging from everywhere in our cities and villages - electricity, cable, telephone, internet and what not! Its time we get rid of the wires and become a clean and wireless India in the real sense!
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, India is making a lot of progress in many areas but we are far behind in a lot of areas. As a lot, we are the most undisciplined - don't care about cleanliness, rules and regulations, respect others, aesthetics etc; We need a decade long Social Change campaign that addresses these issues!
0 0 Pranam! Forming Citizens Clubs in every ward, across the country will prove to be a big leap in democracy.
0 0 Dear Modi Uncle, In your maiden independence day speech, you mentioned about the pride associated with government service. However, injustice is faced due to wide prevalence of reservation for SC/ST/OBCs at selection process itself. As a responsible citizen, I do believe in inclusive growth and justice to vulnerable section of society. But benefits need to reached the intended beneficiaries and not the affluent ones. So can we pronounce "Let's Give it Up" for reservation as we have done for LPG.
0 0 Pranam ! Consulting Public, mostly youth, using internet is the turning point present government gets the credit for !
0 0 Respected Sirji, For the Independence Day we would like to hear you on following topics.. 1) Connecting Rivers to each other - It'll help for Water Management. Sometimes it's flooded situation in one area at the same time there is draught condition in other part of Country. 2)Make In India - Imported China goods are cheaper than Indian make market goods. So please give clarity about Make In India so small scale industries of this country can survive. 3)Unemployment-Skill development.
0 0 We want policy on River joint project.I have ability to complete River-Joint Project in only 2 year.if you give me chance i can do it.
0 0 Dear PM Modiji, It is great idea to get inputs and suggestion from people about the upcoming Independence day events. This show your positive thinking and people approaches of the present Government. I would like you to say few words about these topic. Please find attached file. Thanks and regards, Sidhartha
0 0 Sir, Like google and yahoo..we should also develop our own browser...our IT youths should be given a task to develop exclusive new browser made by India by Indian. by doing so we can bring revolution in IT field. Our own IT people who are working for yahoo, FB and other MNC Companies...would return back and contribute in development of our country.
0 0 Bharath is a great country of 125 crore people, was a Guru for the Universe. Now we are facing enormous problems like, unemployment, poverty, human trafficking, children missing and trading them. Neighboring Gulf countries had no great history, but now UAE, Kuwait and Saudi countries have giving their citizens 100% jobs, shelter and Health. Our Indians are going to Gulf for house-maid for their livelihood. Sir this is just because of govt policy. Change policy to give self respect for Indian
0 0 Sir, Why cant our government recruit young and professional employees for doing govt projects like maintenance and construction of Roads,housing projects,and other govt. projects instead of publishing tenders and hiring pvt agencies for the govt work.by doing so we can provide employment, provide efficient and quality work, monitoring will be done, timely completion of govt project,eradicate corruption etc..youth can contribute in this.
1 0 We want the policy on space research.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Modi, On this Independence I would you to give a new vision to all Indians with a rallying cry that motivates and gravitates one and all towards a higher order purpose of what India should achieve by 2025. Every government that comes in talks about growth - achieve 7% or 8% growth. A common man on the street or in the rural areas does not understand growth esp in % terms. Some suggestions - India - World's Most Happiest Nation; Regain the lost Glory! Or Whatever suits best!
0 0 R/Sir, It is a privilege to be addressing you on your call to the nation for sharing ideas what you wish to take as inputs for the independence day address . our country has no dearth of problems. one such problem is the health or medical system. Most of the times,Govt. hospitals are not efficient or managed suitably to provide Medical attention to needy. One,such announcement from your end ,for #cashless #Hospitalization costs 4 every Indians could bring hope 4 many Indians.
3 0 Hi PM Team-- I would like to share my thoughts on "How we can make sure people wear helmets while driving?" Thereby reducing less accident incidents. Actually, what I am trying to explain is long text so, I have attached a IMAGE of DOC. Please check that image, my complete thought is written in it. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov Thanks- Hemant
0 0 Sir, Half of the Rainy season has passed away and in some places we are seeing Flood-havoc and some where it is No rain or scanty rain. So I think it is necessary for every one to Start "Rain-Harvesting" religiously. So in my opinion on this #independenceDay please tell something on #RainHarvesting.
0 0 Respected Sir, politicians and bureaucrats hog all the limelight at the cost of others.  It is time we felicitate technocrats who have done yeoman service to the nation in their fields.  I would suggest Dr E Sreedharan, Metroman, for Bharat Ratna Award.  Pamban bridge, Konkan Railway and finally Delhi Metro, all are great achievements carried out in record time against all odds.  Such awards should be given when the person is alive and in sound state of mind so that they can really appreciate it
0 0 Respected PM Sir announce regarding health insurance to all citizens
0 0 Namaste Modi Ji, I have suggestion for my fellow Indians. Different country has different culture, India is giving service to different countries but loosing our culture by adopting customer culture. Let's start with small initiative by saying Namaste instead of saying Dear, Hi or Hello. All companies in India should start using namaste in every email, Letter or any converision. Small Namaste word give identity for an Indian and India everywhere.
1 0 Dear Sir, Right to compulsory education in India was passed a few year back but never implemented. We have millions of child labors, child prostitutes, beggar...who are getting exploited and are far from their rights. It will be great if government can ensure its implementation with some accountable people for its implementation.
0 0 R/sir,please announce about the ambitious project of connecting rivers nationwide. It will make the atmosphere very positive all over India.
1 0 Every year we have new population in Corors. Government can not create the new employment for livelihood for all in this case. More people also mean more ecological footprint....We need to take tough steps for the population of India. Strangely when population was half of current population. It was a big issue but now it is in sideline!
0 0 PMSIR hamchahte kiaap nashe kebaare main bole kyonki aaj samaj main nasa etanajyada fail chuka hai ki log sarab pi pi kar mar rahe hai yek garib bechara din bhar majduri karta hai sham ko ghar aakar sarab me paisha khatam kar deta hamara manna hai ki agar desh main sarab band ho jaye to hamare desh se garibi mit jayegi aur hamare hamre desh ain jo rep ka kesh jo roj sunai deta hai vo sayad kam ho skta hai agar aap karte ha to hamaramanana hai ki kai yugo tak aapki pooja hogi www.siddhashramdham.
0 0 Namaskar, Britishers were not the first invaders there were many before. As history reveals first war for independence of India was led by ChandraGupt Maurya after the death of Alexander against Greeks. Britishers were the first to capture our thought process and the disaster is to that extent that we can still sense its tremor. When we celebrated Yoga day few days back, Sense of mental and philosophical independence came on the surface of mind with high dopamine. Thanks Modi Ji.
1 0 My ideas are attached.
1 0 Why not renaming RAJIV GANDHI KHEL RATNA to BHARAT KHEL RATNA..
4 0 Dear Sir, Till now in India pedestrian gets very low priority. Many places we have Good road but there are no footpaths. In cities at most of the places (E.g. in Bangalore outer ring road near to ecospace, central maal) authorities are trying to built new flyover etc. So that we can have smooth and fast transportation inside city. But Unfortunately it has created risk to me and many more like me who has to cross the roads everyday. Ensure safety for the pedestrarian will be a great initiative
1 0 water conservation and how to use as on need electricity wastege water due to unawareness
0 0 Some of topics to be covered in PM speech 1. Roadmap/Policies of govt to improve condition of farmers in country,insurance scheme for farmers.social security schemes for farmers aimed at reducing farmer suicides."Grow In India" mission inline with Make In India movement.promote agro business as an industry. 2. Steps taken by govt to increase cultivable land.schemes for water conservation, ground water level management, river linking project.
0 0 Pranam! We talk of building Smart Cities.We cannot, unless we become smart !
0 0 Pranam ! Our cities are flooded with water, whenever it rains. We take more  travel time reach homes. Our kids and beloved waiting at home. it is not such a big task, that we can not resolve. Let us join hands and see.
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR
1 0 This independence Day PM should do something very different: Because this is our Independence Day celebrations..Invite all the families of our soldiers who died fighting terrorists.Honor them. Invite all our Ex Servicemen who fought wars for this country. Talk on how you plan to modernize our police force and intelligence agencies on the lines of MOSAD. So that before terrorist even think to bleed India, they are caught. How IM like sleeper cells providing help to terrorists will not be allowed
0 0 Pranam! Agricultural Production is getting reduced, as Cultivable land is reduced , farmers are reduced, farmers children choose to be software engineers,or some other professionals. WE have to help farmers in every possible way.
0 0 Dear sir, one major issue for saving our ecology, water level ,water conservation and water recharging is to save ponds in the city periphery or with in the city, ponds also maintain and prevent water logging by accumulating rain water,conserve aquatic flora and fauna. but unfortunately the land grabbers are removing the ponds from the cities map even they are also encroaching  GRAM SAMAJ, JILA PANCHAYAT land with the help of Tehseel and revenue staff. Requesting you to kindly add this.
0 0 dear pm sir land bill  and gst bill hurry apprroval current mansoon session from perliment
0 0 daer PM Modijikyu na hum old age home ka anath ashram mai vilay ker de kyuki buzurgo ko is umar mai akelapan hota hai isliy mai mera sujhao hai ki anath ashrma ka vilye old age home kar dena chaiye kyuki anath bacho ko unke maa baap ka pyar milega or buzurgo ko unka akelapan bhi khatam ho jayga sir please aap apni Independence Day apni speech mai iska zikar zaror kijiyega please sir thank you
0 0 Pranam ! women achieved a lot during short span of time.Women have compassion, empathy, concern for fellow beings, care to give. Women should be admired, respected, supported and encouraged.Dowry and Kanya Danam should be condemned.( Annadanam, Bhoodanam, Godanam, RaktaDanam have meaning, but not Kanya Danam. ) Women should be assigned key positions in all the departments, to make a difference.
0 0 This independence Day the important announcements PM must make which are long pending. 1- One Rank One Pension Good news for our Ex Servicemen he committed. 2-Poor farmers got no relief and still suffering. Announce solid plans to support their livelihood. 3- Public Health facilities are still poor in rural regions. How do you plan to improve the quality? 4- Many villages do not get drinking water and power 24x7.How do you plan to provide essential needs.5-Plans for Employment for rural youth
0 0 I am a normal student read news paper daily.I came across 2 news 1. tiger memon's tele phone conversation with his mother (REVNGE)2.the head of the 3rd judge bench got brown envelope (stated that we are around you you cant escape)i think all these were preplanned guessing yakub's death.Is there any threat to our country?  i think there is! is it safe to have crowd gathering on aug 15? I know you are all great intellectuals thought this before anyone else but,mt patriotism made me to write this
0 0 1.To save fossil fuel,encourage the citizen to use public modes of travel instead of private modes by making public travel enjoyable and affordable. 2.Make Solar power generation mandatory for approval of all building constructions (apartments/individual houses) 3.Maximise transactions thru Banks to reduce black money. 4.Privatise all RTO(Road Transport Authorities)just like passport kendras - run by TCS. This will reduce corruption to increase India's income instead of Individuals income.
0 0 You have revised pension of freedom fighters.  Regards. We are their children and taking care of those who are not getting freedom fighters pension from our pension of Rs 7300/= pm retired in 1971. We are at pain defenders of Nation can not defame politicians nor any body. We live for the nation even now. But do you also recognize our conditions. Please provide orop.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - VII India - tropical country - solar based technology transfer - Government is committed to generation of solar power, for which plants are being set up. However, Proposed Project "Surya Kiran" aims to ensure that every household must have one solar energy based product - dedicated to easy availability and adoption of daily use products such as solar cooker, solar lanterns, water heater, lights etc. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 1. Removal of VVIP culture 2. MPs MLAs giving up many of the privileges. 3. Industrialization 4. Green Energy. 5. Managing the urban problems like garbage disposal, traffic jams etc 6. Entrepreneurship 7. Improving the standard of Universities
0 0 Sir, Please find my suggestion for close the issue of Terrorism in India. Regards, Arun Singh from oldest living holy city varanasi.
0 0 Pranam! We have to cultivate Scietific fervor and condemn superstitions.
0 0 13 million Indians will join the workforce every year from now on till 2030. Then Jobs must grow at least 3 per cent a year-almost twice the rate at which they have since liberalization. Good quality jobs are created by high productivity firms, so this agenda is critically about how firms are created, how firms grow, and how firms achieve high productivity. How Govt. going to help to reduce this Gap. We want to hear on this. Also can govt. help to grow such start ups  for this purpose ?
0 0 R/PM Sir, I want give a Gift to this Independence to our Countries OBC & General Category unemployed youngsters. I think if you and your cabinet this gifts given in youngsters. They are always or whole life missed to you a Best PM and Best Governments come in their life. Only I request to you all governments’ jobs application fee exempt OBC & General category candidates’ like SC& ST candidates’.
0 0 Pranam ! We have to use solar power, without fail,as it is abundant in our country, save electric power.
0 0 This independence Day PM must take the stock of 1-his Govt Achievements after assuming powers. 2- Let nation know when and how he is going to implement Zero tolerance for corruption and offer Corruption free government.3- How Development, Economic agendas is being implemented.4- When he will start work on Electoral Reforms. 5-Reforms in police and intelligence agencies to deal sternly with crimes and terrorism exported from Pakistan. 6- What his govt doing on ease of business,setting industries
0 0 TO,Respected Priminister of India, India By-DISTRICT (ELEMENTARY) EDUCATION OFFICER , DIST-NAGAUR RAJASTHAN SUB-SUGGESTION FOR NEW EDUCATION POLICY-2015 ACCORDING TO MEETING ON DATED 04/08/2015 IN HONOUR DISTRICT COLLECTOR,NAGAUR AND MEMBERS OF DEO (ELEMENTARY) AND A.D.P.C (RMSA) DIST-NAGAUR AND OTHER OFFICERS OF EDUCATION DEPARTMENT. THERE ARE FOLLOWING SUGGESTION IS GIVEN BY MEMBERS AND REPORT IS GIVEN IN YOUR RESPECT.
0 0 R/PM Sir, I want give a Gift to this Independence to our Countries OBC & General Category unemployed youngsters. I think if you and your cabinet this gifts given in youngsters. They are always or whole life missed to you a Best PM and Best Governments come in their life. Only I request to you all governments’ jobs application fee exempt OBC & General category candidates’ like SC& ST candidates’. Sir, Why I am Requesting to you for this point or fee exemption Because I am also belonged to OBC
1 0 Pranam and Namaskar, Hon.Prime Minister. i) Green India - Let every Indian citizen plant a tree in his house, school, college, etc., and enrich our Nation with greenery. ii). Tech India - India  to be mother of Technology and Innovation Research iii). Spiritual India - India to be learning center for Spiritual values, Humanities , Yoga , Meditation etc.,. iv) Knowledge India - Bring eminence in Indian School and Higher Education standards and let India be Knowledge hub.
0 0 Pranam to our PM. All the citizens should realize that, our needs cannot be fulfilled unless we focus on controlling Population Growth.Irrespective of creed, community, caste, all the citizens should be advised to plan their family.
0 0 1.SME's are the backbone of Indian economy.Mere slogans like "Make in India", wont work.SMEs should be given tax holiday, electrical power at reduced tariff. 2.Indian economy should once again be Cattle based to save Rs.20,000 Crores per annum on Fertilisers that are now imported. 3.All citizen must undergo Compulsory Military training. 4.All the Indian rivers to be Nationalised.Indian Army should maintain the Dams.
0 0 Dear PM,this would be my second post on the issue. Getting Pakistan to accept its weakness & subjugate to India should be one of the prime concerns 4 us. To do that,the much hyped Doval-Modi doctrine must evoke a similar fear to that of Israels Mossad. Terror has to be nipped in the bud.darr antankvaadiyon mai paida hona chahiye. For this,you must do the unthinkable, never done till date.Set a precedent 4 future govts to carry on.Pak must worry twice b4 setting its eyes on us jai hind!
1 0 DEAR PM, MINIMUM WAGE FOR EACH AND EVERY PERSON WORKING IN ANY INDUSTRY, FACTORY, OFFICE SHOULD BE RS.16000/- PLS DECLARE THIS IN COMING SPEECH OF IND.DAY.
0 0 Kindly do Justice to Bank Pensioners- to increase pension proportionately, whenever wages are revised, to increase Family Pension from 15% to 30 % at par with Central and State Govenment Pensioners.These are the people, who contributed to socioeconomic development, now they are at loss.You may kindly announce on Independence Day.You will win the hearts of Lakhs of Bank Pensioners.
0 0 DEAR PM MODIJI FIRSTLY HEARTLY HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY IN ADVANCE,SIR AJ SAB JAN POLLUTION AUR ENVIRONMENT KI BAT KAR RAHE HAI TO MAI BHI YE BATANA CHAHTA HU KI CENTRAL GOVT AISI POLICY BANAYE PUBLIC TRANSPORT KE LIYE JIS SE JADA SE JADA LOG USKA USE KAR SAKE TAKI AJ JO KUCH AISE LOK HAI JO AKELA BHI TRAVEL KARTA HAI TO FOUR WHEELER ME KARTA HAI,AGAR GOVT IS PE KUCH SERIOUS SOCH KAR ACCHA IMPLEMENT KRE TO IS SE POLLUTION BHI KAM HONGA AUR DESH KI PETROL AUR DIESEL KI SAMPATTI BHI BACHEGI
0 0 You have done a great job by saving cows from the cruel slaughter. I do hope this will be a national policy.  Thanks to the awareness of animal welfare activists, mass slaughtering of animals have met with protests in Nepal and China also.  There are lot of goshalas where these rescued cattle are kept and many of them struggle to maintain the ghoshalas for want of governmental assistance.  Let new business entrepreneurs develop products of such cows for agriculture, cosmetics and medicine.
0 0 Please ask DOORDARSHAN to include 3-4 Hindi News (Pay channels) + 1 English News Channel + 2 Hindi film channels on their FREE TO HOME DISH. Bythis practise people will save their monthly charges which are unnecessary charging by DISH TV ,Tata Sky Reliance dishtv companies.
0 0 respected P.M sir, in our india the condition of education in our india is average and there need lot of changes in present education policy. 1.the attendance of teacher should be biometric method base. 2.Teacher attendance should be regular in all schools. 3.For regular incoming of students in schools there should be attechment with parents of childrens. 4.Scince should be established at secondary and higher secondary levels with good equipment and appretus and well qualified teachers.
1 0 Pranam and Namaskaram to Hon.Prime Minister. i).Indian Universities to be Number 1 in the world by 2020. ii). India to be Number 1 in  Olympic Sports and Games by 2020. iii) India to be Nation of rich in Humanities, Spiritual values and innovation and research by 2020. Hope our PM Speech will align the young minds towards fulfilling of our mentor Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam's India 2020 mission and make them to work with passion to fulfill the Dr.Kalam's Vision India 2020.
0 0 Respected PM sir, I would like to draw your attention to frame policies on following issues: 1.Deteriorating condition of govt schools 2.Safety of women & children 3.Increased cases of corruption in country
0 0 Respected Sir I would like to request that please add my request/suggestion in your speech which is attached in PDF. Thanking you
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji Our country is country of villages. Still apprx. 70% of people are dependent on agriculture. Some of these are either having very less land or no land at all. You are very imaginative. We should start some schemes by the farmers for the farmers and of the farmers. One scheme may be processing of raw materiel produced in the filed to be processed by small scale industry near to their field like food processing. People in Mysore make Jawar, Bazar chapati and export.
0 0 Respected Sir, I would like to suggest that, in each & every constituency or such manageable & feasible area, there should be constructed- 1. Self content Rain-water Harvesting System, & 2. Self content Waste Management System, with local public participation, to satisfy the local needs of water & biogas/electricity respectively, of that constituency/area. Such kind of self sufficiency would reduce the burden of Funds & Administration on the Central/State/Local Governments.
0 0 Sir, On the independent day speech from Red Fort, expose the Italian Mafia under the Congress cover. Let every Indian realise the true Colour of the party which stands against the growth of the country bringing some excuses to the Parliament to stall the business.
0 0 Dear Sir Here are my Ideas 1. Amendment to Manual Scavengers Act- consider Sewage Workers as manual Scavengers For more details i have enclosed my article written for EPW 2. Amendment to Inter State Migrant Workers Act, 1979- The definition of Migrant workers under Sec 2-e is not very clear it restricts the benevolent provisions from applying to workers who migrate to cities on their own hence the Act must be applicable to all worker even if they come on their own are bound to be exploited.
0 0 India's health lies on the people who should be physically and mentally healthy only when they are not allowed to drink liquor, smoke tobacco, chew tobacco and other narcotics. PM should ban all the above on Indepensence Day. This will make our PM another Dr.A.P.J.Abul Kallam. This announcement will prove health security to one and all apart from financial security given by our PM through insurance schemes & pension schemes.
0 0 please help us
0 0 Dear PM, Here is something, a fresh and inspiring clip on VANDEMATHARAM, which you can use to inspire the nation, particularly the youth: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBqn8cSFpl8
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. VI PROPOSED - 'Green India campaign' (Climate change convention Paris) 1. 'Each One Plant One' 2. Activation of Carbon Credit Trading Market in India 3. Government to adopt a more pro-active and stringent approach in management of Power Plants, Cement plants and other major polluting Industries 4. Sustainable Development - Citywise / Areawise analysis of green cover / forest cover data Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 The Time have come to learn the language of nature,to protect the earth and send the message to world on basis of our Indian Vedas after many earthquakes and international environmental problems.So I have written a book BHOO-DHARM AVAM VISHV VANDHUTW KA UDAY in which the worship of the earth,to create the earth family,respect to earth for protecting the environment,to create peace on earth and concept of world centralizing, rise of universal brotherhood. Note-Attached the copy of e book pdf
0 1 Respected PM sir, If selling of private land is done online via government by bidding method then the undertable business will be checked.By this govt will generate a good revenue and the buyer and seller both will get good price for their property and the middle man system will be vanished. sir please give noticeable punishment to the criminal.my humble request...
1 0 Dear Sir, 1. I would like you to launch a new app, where in we can search for toilets nearby along with the picture of the toilet condition. so that people don't urinate or find trouble to find toilets. 2. Engineers Bill which has been struck in parliament must be cleared soon.
0 0 Respected PM, One area which I think needs systematic attention is the lack of general safety. For example, the roads in our country are virtual death traps. They are not at all pedestrian friendly. I feel so bad when I see children and older people walking along the road or crossing the road. Most cities and town in this country lack proper foot paths. On behalf of the citizens of this country, I request you to launch 'Surakshit Bhaarat' ('Safe India') campaign on Independence Day.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, I would request you to speak about dissuading people from using plastic bags. Today a major portion of our garbage consists of plastic bags which are highly harmful to the environment. People should be encouraged to reuse plastic bags. The environment we are leaving for our next generation should be a good one. This issue of plastic and disposal/reuse is also crucial to the wonderful "Swachch Bharat" campaign initiated by you, PM Sir. So request please talk about this topic/issue.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I would like to continue my conversation from my previous post. 1. Use of JATROPA (Bio-diesel)and cultivation of the same in non agricultural sessions must be encouraged in farmers so that they can make money during lean seasons. because jatropa can be cultivated on any try of land and temperature. 2. Cleanliness must be given top priority.
0 0 To Hon.PM Sri.Narendra Damodardas Modiji, My humble suggestion is take immediate step to tackle population explosion. I would request Hon.PM Sri.Modiji to introduce new schemes for birth control. Your visions are good, but we can mix colour in pond, but we can't in the SEA.
0 0 On Indian roads we often see roads covered with layer of sand and dust. This sometimes responsible for breathing problem and lung diseases, other than this it is sabotaging government initiative of swachh bharat. So my suggestion is 10 to 20 percent of total road width must be covered with grass. This also give quite good look to our roads. And then Hollywood movies alternative location for Pakistan will no more be India.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister i would like to suggest the following ideas;- 1. maximum two child policy should be strictly followed for our economic growth, distribution of national wealth and our future prosperity. 2. cast reservation system should be abolished, financial condition should be the one and only criteria for getting help of reservation.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I would like to continue my conversation from my previous post: 1. Terrace Farming must be made an "Abhiyaan" so that people learn to cultivate there own food of daily requirement on there terrace only. This will be helping in many ways like 1. Its organic 2. It will help to reduce the inflation rates 3. due to expansion of city, trees are cut down. one can use his terrace for planting. 4. Every person can be a farmer 5. Clean and green oxygen rich environ
1 0 Dear Modiji, Please consider these ideas: 1) Open education centres for the progress of farmers and illiterate women in villages for learning basic knowledge, employment skills, and computer education irrespective of their age and economic background. 2) Try to positively eliminate caste based reservation quotas in a gradually phased manner especially in technical sectors like Medical Science and Indian Engineering Services for high qualified & specialized professionals & for social equality.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I would like to continue my conversation from my previous post: 1. Solar panels must be subsidized & made compulsory so that every household can get and use solar energy easily. Use of solar AC's must be made a mission because electricity consumed in summers will be very high due to requirement of AC's. We just need to convert and utilize the very hot summer temperature to our cooling needs. This will help in balance of humans & nature
0 0 Respected PM, my suggestions are:- 1. Remind the citizens of our country of their constitutional duty to develop a scientific temper. Our fellow citizens should show dissent not outrage if they find somebody's view offensive. Kindly request them to enhance the intellectual legacy of our country by countering ideas with superior ideas and not by bullying or banning. 2. Ask the citizens to wisely use more of their time to work for a glorious future rather than talking more of a glorious part.
1 0 Dear Modiji, 1) Create a powerful International Anti-terrorist Force to effectively fight terrorism by team work of all nations and for world peace. 2) Establish an International Institute of Democracy Studies, for social and political research and revolutionise reforms in World's largest democracy. 3) Provide free healthcare to all children below 3 years in India and subsidised medicine for orphans and handicapped persons.
0 0 Please provide social security to Outsource /contract employee.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, 1. The toilet waste and water will be directly left on tracks and the track over its whole length gets dirty. Trains must be fitted with the technology that is used in Aeroplanes for the use of toilets. 2. There must be more R&D in designs and interiors of train. As how new model of vehicles in automobile industry are launched,  which are energy efficient and comfortable too, then why not in railway? we still use same design and interiors from so many year.
1 0 Sir,on independence day, you can talk about "RIVER JOINING PROGRAMME" Part of India is suffering from lack of water for agriculture and other side north India is suffering from floods!!! You can think about it as you have done it in Gujarat in case of Sabarmati and Narmada and other small rivers... Thank you
0 0 Sir, for the development of the NorthEast India, I suggest a dual time-zone with the new time-zone for this region.This has been a long-standing demand of the people of this region and has been endorsed by eminent scientists of INDIA.Using IST leads to the loss of 2 daylight hours everyday.Sir, you can notice all the more-developed states of GUJRAT and MAHARASHTRA lie on the western side of the IST with almost no daylight loss.This decision if taken will prove 2 be a milestone 4 develpment of NE
1 0 Dear Modiji, i would like to suggest following ideas: 1) Open a World Cultural Centre at New Delhi or Mumbai, giving boost to international tourism which will showcase various cultural ethnicities from different parts of the world, based on concept of Unity in Diversity. 2) Establish a World-class International Open University under Digital India Learning Programme for providing a world-wide open educational resource which can revolutionise and develop socially backward areas of the world.
0 0 giving the importance of agriculture. Since the agriculture depends on monsoon. The poor farmers have to be protected by crop insurance. We ourself insure for the any eventualities. similarly the crop the farmer growing is to be insured. Otherwise the farmers may commit suicide because of debit he borrowed.
0 0 "Self Discipline for public by public" Sir i would like to get your attention on above topic as we all are aware that now a days the major road problem is traffic which leads to several problems like, waste of fuel, pollution, ambulance is not getting clear road to proceed, accidents, delay in reaching at destination etc We are aware that govt is taking all best possible efforts to control it but at the same time it is every Indians moral responsibility to follow basis traffic rules. Jai Hind!
1 0 There is no caste based reservation in army because we know reservation reduce quality and make discrimination. Then why class A service have reservation.They made our policy.This one of the reason of defective policy. After 65 years we made policy based on caste not based on economic condition. In our country poor person in unreserved category is not fill complete independence. Remove caste based reservation. Poor and unemployed are in every caste not only in reserved caste.
0 0 Education is the basis of the child, how it grows in the community and becomes the adult, by this the main focus of gov should be this, i dont see any reforms that have been taken place after the new governmnet have taken power in the country..
0 0 Respected Sir!!! In this #IndependenceDay I would you to take steps on Gender Equality over her I am talking about the Transgenders.They play a very important role in our society.They should not beg for living.They have Equal Rights in this country,so they should be given the privileges and the necessary things wanted by them.Its not their fault to be like this but if we leave them to suffer it may be our fault.Let this #IndependenceDay become their pathway for Independent days here after....
0 0 Remove reservation system from india.. that should be the topic of the Independence day...
0 0 DEAR PM, Railways can develop rapidly if the center include state govts in their rly projects with 50:50 ratio. It can be possible through allocate every state one railway zone except N.E states. Revise the current railway zonal system where in 17 zones Maharastra and Westbengal contains two railway zones each and Gujarath and Andhra pradesh even does not have one. The States know well that how can they utilize railways for their development better than the central govt.
0 0 What better launch pad can be found for our future than our rich past? Now, the time is ripe for us to leave behind an influenced mind-set, from which we have suffered for 4 centuries. Now is the time to realise we are free and go back to our glorious past. From there, will be reborn, the Greatness of India
0 0 I think Honorable P.M.may like to inspire people on climate change and sustainable development. he may also like to urge society to get rid of superstitions, bias of caste, creed, gender and be a good human at first place. I think Honorable Sir have commented on foeticide but reasons behind it such as insecure environment, dowry etc need to be attacked as well and tell people that girls will make nation bright in 21 century.
0 0 Namaste!As a nation,we have a past wealthier than any other.Scientifically,morally,spiritually &culturally we have always been leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of the world.Does it befit us to forget the history of thousands of years just because we have been oppressed for a few centuries?I agree that,as a country we have been oppressed, our spirit has been thrashed and tormented.But did we not get our freedom on this very day 68 years ago?What now is our excuse, not to return our past
1 0 Sir. As we all know India is quite young in relation to fact that majority of population is of youth. And so I would suggest you to announce to start an scholarship program for senior secondary level student to PHD scholars in every subject such as economics. This should be a nation wide contest and winners should be given special prize and practical approach should be devleloped by inviting them to Delhi. Thanks Yours Truly Gopal Kumar Darbhanga
0 0 the failure of the education system in india. the vyapam scam clearly shows the status of our education system. ----------OR------------ Isn't now the time to abolish the reservation system in India. The Reservation system was made in order to uplift some castes/socities in India . But now the schedule castes or tribes in india have got way uplifted while the general are sinking below the par. so now its time to abolish this system.
0 0 the temples like tirupati, shirdi, etc.  where devotees come and donate large amount of money and gold. billions of rupees is collected in the form of donations. in tirupathi,they shave pupils hair and export them to other countries and earn billions of dollars. these money is dumped in the lockers thats all. i think they should invest these funds and help in countries growth instead of keeping the funds block in the lockers. this may become a turning point for our country.
0 0 Eligibility is 55% but colleges need 90% only if at all he has achieved good marks in the exams like CAT/GMAT etc. then why are you setting 55% as the eligibility criteria set it as 80 or 90% only. No average student would dream and dare to enter the TOP B-Schools at least. Why are we still highlighting basic qualification required as 50% If however a student performs good in the appearing exam He/She will not get a call from the TOP colleges as their academic record is Average. Where do we go?
0 0 RESPECTED PM OF INDIA i think the independence day speech is not very much necessary considering the current plight of our nation because the government has destroyed all for which the nations founding fathers stood and believed in ,i express this with utmost contemp that even your government didnt carry out all the promises made before elections and they have just been in papers ,therefore i consider a fake speech just glorifying the few good aspects in our country is not needed
1 0 PM Mr Modi Sir I do not think u r d right soul 2 ascent d adorable ramparts of Red Fort. Many of ur speeches u uttered BACCHE DESH KE BHAVIS HAI only speeches no action. Priority sector EDUCATION lacked ur attention many capable students able 4 higher education & cn clout incredible growth next generation capable female students r thrown 2 grind between family & tandoor, they r left behind just 4 SAKE PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES PM Mr MODI do u have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA SPEECH
0 0 Respected PM Sir, LED Bulbs: Nowadays energy conservation is very important. A normal citizen of this country can help the Indian economy by way of using LED bulbs. Happy advance Independence day sir.
0 0 #PM #MyGov.... Respected Sir, Kindly give slogan Clean India- Safe India-Healthy India in your #IndependenceDay #15thAugust speech.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Please speak about  People’s President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam’s visions and missions of India. Our Former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam once said, ” During our lifetime, if we plant 10 trees and nurture them, we will have over 10 billion trees. These 10 billion trees can definitely contain the climate change problem.” As a tribute to the Missile Man and one of the biggest inspirations of the youth, each one has to take oath to plant 10 trees if not atleast one tree.
0 0 Sir, Regarding the retirement age of the Central/State govt. employees. The retirement age should be reduced to 55. As it not only increases the efficiency of the govt. in performing their job but immensely reduces the problem of unemployment. As it creates huge job opportunities for the youth due to the vacancy created. Lastly, a retired pensioner parent with an employed child is far better off than an unemployed child and a rigorously working parent in the house and in the nation.
0 0 Good morning Sir, 1. such provision( A new way should be invented soon by debates)  to smoothly running of parliament. Shame for this session. 2. should give a clear comment on hot corruption cases as a PM of Republic of INDIA Not as member of bjp 3. better understanding between top intelligence agencies to handle a major threat, 4. National policy of education updated in 1992, now we are in 2015, so it should like this. 5. comment on how India become a Largest exporter of defence products
0 0 Concentrate of developing clean, green SMART cities, cutting down on emissions through hybrid automobiles, super specialty free health care to the poor, develop Organic agro business as village focussed business models, implement strict environment and forest protection policy by empowering concerned organisations, improve quality of existing roads to world class before we embark on building new highways, improve standards of education, especially in professional courses. Pls ref. file attached.
0 0 Namaste Sir, Hearty advance Independence day greetings.Our country was named as India, derived from the Persian term "Hindustan". During the pre-colonisation period our country flourished in many fields and was renowned to the whole world as "Bhaarath". Now my suggestion is that please restore the lost glory of our country by taking steps to rename our majestic country as "Bhaarath" which shall be our first step to revive the historical importance and the culture of our country.
0 0 Respected sir Modiji, my humble request to you. You may kindly take steps for getting moral education for all children of all religion(may in their place of worship), I have so many ideas to implement this, you may kindly allow me to have a personal discussion with you, Thank you
0 0 my suggestion is as how we can divert flood water to the areas where there is scarcity of water and less rainfall in the country. this will help to control flood disaster and also farmers will be happy. the project is expensive but it will help us to control both scarcity and floods. it will be the project of rainwater harvesting where there will be no wastage of water at all. we can use it for agriculture as well as for drinking purpose. today farming is a big issue and this can be the solution
0 0 Respected PM of the Republic of INDIA, We like to see India developed with HONESTY but our honesty is at threat. Honest officers (Whistleblowers) are harassed. Please save us from the power of deshonesty. "WE WANT TO REMAIN HONEST"
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, It will be a welcome announcement if payment of salary & pension is made on the same day. It should be mandatory for the DDO to remit both together while sending for ECS to the Bank at the same time. This will avoid delay in pension payment.
0 0 Respected Sir, let us launch Indian version of ISIS (Integrated States for Integrated Spirituality)through Indian weapon of Yoga for Assured Global Peace!
0 0 Police and Armed forces need to be given huge monetary benefits as they save our nations from enemies of the nation. OROP is a must now. Give incentives to those pvt companies who innovate more for benefit of nation. Focus on that key thing which'll make billion plus Indians proud of their nation. We need full of patriotic nationalist citizens who must think twice before spoiling this great nation. The way Japan revived after war, Indians need to feel nationalistiaic pride working 4 India
0 0 Dear sir Namskar aap ne hm desh basiyo se mn ki baat me bole the apni sujhao dene ke liye ki aap is 15 august ke moka pr bole the to hm yhi bolna chahe ge aap atangbad aur naksalbad pr apni raye jarur bole q ki yuva barg rojana is ore mure rhe ha is pr jarur se apni vichar rkhe hm yuva ko aap se yhi aasha ha q ki bahari dusaman se adhik andar ka dusman kharab hota ha Jay hind
0 0 Respected P.M. Sir, I have a suggestion for Independence Day speech, as under.. 1.C.G.H.S Facilities or Health care facilities under Civil services Medical attendance rules (CSMA) should be extended to all Central Government Statutory and Autonomous bodies' employees all over the country. According to the present orders issued by Health Ministry while Dr. Harshvardhan was the Union Minister ; only employees of Delhi & NCR region were sanctioned these facilities. why  this discrimination ?
1 0 Respected PM, The goverment should construct or develop 100 solar city throughout the nation like the 100 smart cities declared last year. The power supply for this city should be supplied from renewable energy resources. All the house, schools, colleges,t hotels, industries, factories in this solar city should get electricity by means of  renewable energy like solar power, wind energy. And the coastal cities must produce electricity frm wind energy and wave energy like they do in Japan.
2 0 Respected Sir,my mother and my niece, who did not have birth records,I took initiative to declare their birth dates as 15th August. I have got PAN Cards in their name with recorded birth date as 15th August.I request You to make the 15th August I-Day Address as opportunity to give an Identity to such women without Birth date Proof. You may call Indians to help such women to get one Government ID issued with their birth date as 15th August. Mother India means Indian Females!
0 0 Dear Narendrabhai, With reference to GST proposal of BJP Party, let us have a National Referendum immediately. I am sure 99% of the people will vote for joining you and expose and defeat the Congress filibustering. - Dr.Narendra D.Desai, Mumbai
0 0 Sir, I think a Health Insurance Scheme is to be initiated on compulsory basis for all the citizens at a very minimal rate, but with maximum facility. Where in our country, thousands die daily just because of the lack of proper medical facilities and insufficient funds, this scheme might act as a boon for the entire nation. A HEALTH INSURANCE CARD might as well be introduced. It is very ironic that in a country where an insurance for a car is a must, insurance to cover the health risks isn't.
0 0 DEAR SIR, PLEASE INCLUDE THIS IN YOUR INDEPENDENT DAY SPEECH. PROFESSOR SCIENTISTS(RESEARCH GUIDES)ARE PEOPLE WHO DISCOVERS NEW TECHNOLOGIES,NEW DEVICES ,REVOLUTIONALISE WORLD ETC.THEY ARE THE GEMS OF THE SOCIETY.NOW THEY ARE SENT HOME(TO RETIRE)  EVEN AT AGE OF 56 IN KERALA!!! PLEASE DECLARE A SCHEME TO FULLY UTILISE THE ACCRUED EXPERIENCE AND EXPERTISE OF RETIRED PROFESSOR SCIENTISTS(RESEARCH GUIDES)BELOW THE AGE OF 70,FOR THE BENEFIT OF ALL INDANS. THIS WILL DO WONDERS IN INDIA.
0 0 If children are taught value-based education, they wont lose their life's purpose when they grow up. Maximum Focus should be to inculcate values and ethics from the beginning. Police reforms are needed. They need to be trained, equipped with modern equipment to handle terrorist attacks. Corruption from bureaucracy is yet to go. They need to be afraid before taking bribes. Corrupt politicians are yet to be sent to jail. Justice system should be speedy n matching to terrorist's attack.
0 0 respected PM sahib, please announce one rank one pension for retired veterans
0 0 Emphasise the necessity of population control  for growth of our economy and progress of nation – extention of existing benefits of incentives / subsidies / relaxations / reservations / housing ,.... etc  to only families with   2 or less children ;  and stingent action against girl child prventers / abusers .
1 0 Dear Pradhanmantri ji, I am Abhishek from Ahmedabad.To add to your "Beti Bachao Abhiyan", along with "Selfie with daughter",another point "Beti paraya dhan nahi hai" can be spoken on the I-day speech.Just think, how good care would someone take of a daughter,when right from the birth, parents think that"ye to paraya dhan hai,ek din chali jayegi".This is basic human nature to be selfish and poverty and inferior thinking brings out the worst.I hav shared a figure to present my views #MyGov #PM
0 0 Hello
0 0 hamare pradhan mantri ji, app se nivadan hai ki transport system ka kuch kare trafic system kuch nahi hai desh main vehicle increase hote ja rahe hai ek ek ghar 4-5 cars hone lag gaye hai old cars bhi kam nahi ho rahi anne wale time me transport system or kharabh hota jayega road par jagah nahi hoti old  vehicle ko khatam karne ka stick action apni time limit me ho
0 0 Respected Sir, First priority should be save our ancient tradition, culture, value system. Too much left influence has eroded the self-belief of Indians to a great extent. First work on reviving the self-esteem, self-belief. People have forgot Indian culture, and badly impacted by these Private TV channels, Eng. News media, funded by foreign companies. High time need to put a full stop on these Breaking-India Forces, as written by Rajiv Malhotra. Pl rewrite our history, make it Bharat specific.
0 0 * More employment at working level in Police in states/UTs,in RPF etc,to minimise their stress levels,and equip them with modern arms,Free hand to Defence forces to deal field situations * Multilevel mechanisms in all sensitive/corruption prone departments to make them more transparent *Emphasise cordial relations with neighbouring countries,but firm to deal with mischievous adventures against India.Call for Global unity towards peace and mutual cooperation,respect for mutual sovereignty,…
0 0 Education system: need to be innovative/should help make people stand on their own. Free Progress method of Integral Education as coined by Sri Aurobindo need to be implemented. Rote learning method should go. Value based teaching required. Teachers need to be taught in age old Vedic math. and culture. Sanskrit teachers need to be hired to explore and spread the truth and message of Vedas n Upanishads n Sanskrit across globe. More importance to patents, innovation required. Tax system should go.
0 0 Respected Sir, I would like to see a Tribal corridor in Odisha, MP, CGH, Andhra. Please visit those remotest areas more often and try to build a world class infra and industrial hubs in those region. All the dying condition of oldest temples across country should be revived. Please Connect all temple city by train and airports. Trains need to be soundproof, All bogeys in train should be AC. Give incentives to those companies who keep their surroundings clean. All universities shd be connected
0 0 PM sir, My 2 ideas. 1. Like the success of Yoga day in India and internationally, why not a blood donation day and invite all to donate blood voluntarily. Every one knows 1000s of patients die due to lack of blood in blood banks. This will be a great and generous move. 2.Our armed forces are suffering from shortage of officers. Many young guys like me never make it due to its tough selection process. Kindly change the upper age limit for CDS Entry to 26 years so we get more chance to apply.
0 0 *  Make RTI  applicable to  Political Parties * If any candidate contests in any election from more than one constituency,  such individual must bear the election expenditure of additional constituencies , and also an amount equal to the costs of subsequent  bye elections thereof . Public exchequer should not bear such expenditure * Candidates changing Party after wining election from another, shall automatically disqualify said 'win'/ seat after such change.They have to Re-contest and win.
0 0 Modiji act on (a)Retirement age of 75 for MP/MLA, (b) simultaneous loksabha & vidhansabha elections to save money and to give breathing time for elected govt to initiate un-popular reforms for wellbeing of country, as elections every 6 months is not allowing governance(c) BJP should start one-family-one-MP/MLA policy to prevent dynasty disease and prove it is different (d) no-work-no-pay and disqualification-for-future-elections for disrupting MPs, as congress will disturb winter session also
0 0 http://wap.business-standard.com/article/opinion/letters-more-needs-to-b...
0 0 Welfare for Defence personnel posted on duty in Boarder areas-Bullet proof Jackets for all while on duty,Medical insurance for their families,Free education for their wards,Reservation for their wards for admission in professional colleges and employment from some quota.Compassionate employment for the spouse of deceased defence personnel while in field duty,extension of all benefits to their dependants as if they are in service till retirement, wards'direct admission into schools/colleges .
0 0 Respected Sir,I would like to hear from you about the importance of agriculture and farming to our people,they should also know the value of farmers who is cultivating the crops for our peoples food.I have a question to all if a farmer is waiting to see them also great business man is waiting to see them,whom they will allow first to meet them ?Sure 95% people will go for business man.May be the farmers are not good in dressing and mannerism but they are providing quality food for people.
0 0 Speakers job in Assemblies and LokSabha and Rajya Sabha has become unmanageable My suggestion each member seat must be an enclosed cubicle with all technical facilities.Speaker should have a panel (electronic) clearly indicating name of member.He should be able to standup and indicate if member does not sit down that is unruly behaviour--with margins in terms of time.Speaker should be able to mute a person after allotted time.Even the speaker should be in a cubicle so he is not disturbed
0 0 please find the attachement.
0 0 I would also suggest that minimum Rs.25 lakh should be rewarded to two young men of Gurdaspur (Punjab) who dared to nab the terrorist from cross border in order to Motivate our Youth to do something for their country. This will inculcate Patriotism in our youth. I  trust, you will include these  suggestions in your Independence Day speech-2015 Thanking you Jai Hind
2 0 Respected Modi ji The Defence Personnel- Army,BSF,CRPF,NSG,RAF including Para Military Forces who sacrifice their lives for safeguarding our Country must be granted Compensation of min Rs.1Crore for their martyrdom.I suggest to collect this amount from Elite,Corporate Houses,Philanthropist & Tax Payers.List of around 10,000 people can be prepared in groups from different parts of the country and gov.can ask them to donate Rs.1Lac each individual.Such Donations Must Exempted from Income Tax.
0 0 Fertile land be debarred from acquisition.Land be taken from farmers only if it is required permanently/more than say 30 years;and for lesser times,be taken only on Rent - cost of maximum possible yield from such land as Annual rent to the owners,and such land be returned after use by restoring it to cultivable status.Farmers with less than 5 acres as sole livelihood in that land,be spared from acquisition;if inevitable they should get equal land from nearby Govt.land besides compensation
0 0 Modiji we have so many NRI all around the world, please run a contest to share best ideas around the world which can benefit indian public. NRI should not just contribute money but enrich india's knowledge
0 0 Dear PM, My suggestion is to convey a message to the people of India, to be a part of terror-free India and to be co-operative and friendly in all aspect and not to differentiate between the people of India by their cast or religion.  We together have to work for the development of our nation and use our knowledge and energy for the nation. Mr. PM, and also remind the life of our former President Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and his dedication of his whole life to our nation.
0 0 #IndependenceDay-The Tricolor of our Nation should be used only for the National interest. Any political party using the Tricolor must be stopped by law. A particular political party holding the Tricolor as their own irritates and confuses the citizens. The claim that, they were holding it for long is no excuse at all. After all the practice of Sati, Child marriage, Verbal divorce etc. continued for many years were stopped by law. Why the use of Tricolor by political party cannot be stopped?
0 0 I would like Hon'ble PM to focus on Energy matters particularly sensitise on energy efficiency and promoting renewable energy. Also review the lighting of Govt buildings on Independence Day not by incandescent bulb but by LED. It would be good show case on energy efficiency.
1 0 Sir on behalf of all the Indians I appeal you to include a sound solution to depleting ground water level in your I-day speech. Encourage everybody to undertake rain water harvesting and also give them an assurance that government will provide unconditional support for this endeavour.This will give the people a new vigour to tackle the country-spanning water crisis. I am adding an image to show one such idea which can be used for aforementioned purpose Source: Tokyo's flood prevention
0 0 Modi ji, we request you to bring equality in education, check the quality of education in all government schools. Education must be practical not just books. Stop selling the agricultural lands and inspire students to learn about agriculture and realise its worth. Tax should be paid for each every single product we buy. This might be a burden initially but make people understand that this will reduce the cost of products and increase the benefits for people. Thanks for the opportunity
0 0 Respected PM modi ji,I request you that instead of speaking on 15 Aug. you should say something for unemployed good educated general class youth who was backed in last some years due to their caste not to their education.please equalise all caste because our India want development in every sector form up to down. so, for this only skill candidates are require to improve our country condition. sir i belong to general cast and i placed as additional candidates since last 1 years in RRB railway.
1 0 For PM's #15thAugust I am sure PM will steal few lines from his 2014 I-Day speech & recall APJ's vision & next year plans.Here are the additional points I would like to suggest 1.Make a speech that gets Youth into politics(No PM's had did this R-FORT) 2.Speak how WORLD sew/sees INDIA before & now 3.Boast-India will be SUPER POWER soon 4.Inform COMMON MAN that he will see bright light 4.Ask billionaires to help poorer 5.Ask people to buy Indian Product,institution to create entrepreneurs
1 0 Empowering young women for easy mobility with independence: However rich or educated, today it is a pain for young women to move around freely without being accompanying by someone. Even with the advent of Automatically geared vehicles, women need to struggle a lot learning manual driving of cars to get a license. Please declare a new license category to drive just automatic cars - that will be a boon to all women to easily qualify to leverage technology. Thanks.
0 0 Respected Pradhan sewak ji, Apko aane wale 69 independence day par desh ke sainiko ke liye one rank one pension ke bare me bolne chahiye... jinhone hamare desh ki aajadi me apne pran nyochawar kar diye unka hamare desh par bahut bada karz hai. jise hum ya aap kabhi nhi chuka sakte hai. Aatankwad ke bare me bhi spast bolna chahiye evm world ko dikhana chahiye ki india ek hai....
0 0 signaling system...i am sure that this will help to reduce accidents and congestion and time also..thanks
0 0 prime minister sir please do address the very pertinent and impending necessities of #selfreliance and #selfdefense on this #independenceday.. the taxation structure around agriculture choices seem to be #monolithic ideas and thought processes .... also the Indian ordinance factories board nirbheek is unaffordable for whom it is most necessary and vital. sir please do address these very important needs of today .. ...... thankfully julian correa
0 0 Dear Sir, i am expressing something as i experienced in last 14 years.. Sir we are spending huge amount for urbanization and related infrastructure this is very good...but we can achieve this with minimum amount by developing all the junctions in our cities technically,theoretically and practically.If we are thinking infrastructure up gradation for any city first we must think about the major and minor junctions in that city...first we must develop that along with footpath,pedestrian crossing
0 0 I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY PRIME MINISTER TALK ABOUT CHILD ABUSE AND HOW TO PREVENT CHILD TRAFFICKING . HOW TO INCULCATE THE NATURE OF BEING RESPONSIBLE CITIZENS OF THE COUNTRY AND TO THINK OF THE GREATER PICTURE THAN THAT OF THE MOMENT PLEASURE. THEY SHOULD NOT ONLY THINK OF THE PRESENT WELL BEING BUT THE PAST SACRIFICES AND FUTURE RESPONSIBILITIES. I WOULD LIKE MY PRIME MINISTER TO BE MORE SPECIFIC ABOUT HOW HE WILL BRING THE WHOLE NATION TO BELIEVE IN MY COUNTRY CALLED INDIA/HINDUSTAN/BHARAT.
0 0 Fertile land be debarred from acquisition.Land be acquired from farmers only if it is required permanently or more than say 30years;and for lesser time,be taken only on Rent by paying the cost of maximum possible yield from such land as Annual rent to the owners,and such land be returned after use by restoring to cultivable status.Farmers with less than 5 acres as sole livelihood,be spared from acquisition;if inevitable they should get equal land from nearby Govt.land besides compensation
0 0 Respected PM Sir,i would like to say that the progress of a nation is possible when the minds of the people are healthy and that a healthy minds resides in a healthy body.So i would request you to take new initiatives to improve the healthcare and education system so that even the poorest of our countrymen can get world class healthcare and education facilities.I believe if we can do this people of our country are capable enough to take this country to greater heights.
0 0 Respected Sir, I would like you to speak on the matter of SWACHCH GANGA ABHIYAN as it has been more then 14 months since the government came in rule but no actions are being implemented for our precious river. I also want you to speak on Environment Conservation, as it is a big issue for us and the upcoming generations. We are 121 crore, if 1 person or even whole family plants a single seed on this independence day, imagine what a green India we will get in next 4 - 5 years.
1 0 Respected PM Narendra Damodar Das Modi Ji I humbly request you that instead of speaking on 15 august you should take some measures for the benevolence of the poorer sections of society n my question is that instead of spending too much money for the development of Nepal should we not use this for our own men??? According to me if it will be done than we should be raising the literacy rate n rate of development of our nation. Plz do not ignore this sir.Looking forward for ur reply on 15 August
0 0 OUT OF 127 CRORE, ONLY 10000 SUGGESTIONS TILL 11AUG, Modiji think why loss of popularity. ONLY DUE TO NON-ACTION AND ABSENCE OF MONITORING SYSTEM OF BIG SLOGANS/PROGRAMMES DECLARED SINCE MAY2014. Example-(1) you said 'trust the citizen,let him self-certify documents,but central govt offices continue to ask attestation by gazetted officer (2) you said in 1st secretaries meeting of June 2014, not-more-than-4-layers-of-WORKERS in offices, but not a single ministry is observing that. MODIJI THINK
0 0 it should not be fully govt funded, if the local people/organisations come up with a place and contributing minimum of 50% of the cost then only govt should fund rest.  the ownership will be with the panchayats and they can be awarded for better performance. this centres can be connected with a help centre/counselling centre to address the queries and questions of youth related to health, career, education and so on
0 0 Modiji, you promised before election that Hindus who are facing persecution in Bangladesh will be given citizenship. My doctor brother who did her MRCP in medicine from London is suffering daily ignominies in Dhaka, Bangladesh. There are thousands of educated Hindus who want to leave Bangladesh because of constant threat from Muslims. Please give citizenship promise to them. Their lives are like hell for them.You can save their children's future.
0 0 Respected sir, Sir please is desh ke yuvao ko samjhaiye jo aaj nashe mai apni halat kharab kar chuke hain.aaj kal har hostel and colleges mai drugs serve ho rha hai .... Aap plz iske baare mai kuch boliye agar yuvao ka yahi yogadaan raha toh aage chalke is desh vinaash ho jayega.aur aaj ke yuva itne aggresive mood mai rehte hai ki zara si ladai ho jaye ek dusre ko marne todne ke upar aa jate hai.aaj kal ksi se bhi ache kaam ki kaho toh kehta hai ki pgal hai jab ksi ko nai padi toh hum kyu kre
0 0 Saab Kya hum sab bhartiya h? Lgta to nhi? Kyonki fir to sbke liye ak jaisa kanun hona chahiye na. Aisa kyo? Jab koi sarkari ya private servent 60 year ka ho jata h to ...retirement.... Why? Or Parliament m to prves hi 60 k baad hota h...why? Wow... This too much.... Kyaa aise hi chlega.... To .. Chlne do bhayi ..Hume kya? Badlo Saab isse accha hoga
0 0 prime minister sir please do address the very pertinent and impending necessities of #selfreliance and #selfdefense on this #independenceday.. the taxation structure around agriculture choices seem to be #monolithic ideas and thought processes .... also the Indian ordinance factories board nirbheek is unaffordable for whom it is most necessary and vital. sir please do address these very important needs of today .. ...... thankfully julian correa
1 0 sir, as we know youth is a major chunk  and most of them specially in rurl are in no mans land in terms of their future.  If we could create one library in each village with the help of local people and other like minded organisations and yoga has been practices here will be huge achievement.  In this libraries reserve mornings for girls and evenings for boys,the centres can be named "vivekanada centres".
2 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir, from Mother Earth we get the potable water and which is safely preserved as long as it’s under the ground.  Still in millions of houses in our country, this nature’s precious gift can be seen going as waste, while pumping from bores. I wish my Prime Minister to touch the issue of saving ground water during the Independence Day speech. If the issue is made a national issue, certainly we can change the water scenario in less than a decade. Regards A D Joshi
0 0 to really celebrate independence day we should stop having it as a holiday and start working on this day. not only on 15 aug but all other holidays commorating diff. things. just imagine the man-days added each year and the push it will give to economy of our country and also help people earn more spl. daily wage earners. may be then we will achieve developed nation status in next decade or so.#PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Dear Narendra Modi Sir, I am very much impressed with the Clean India Initiative. I am sure this will makes huge difference to the society in near future. Can we incorporate a new policy which will encourage the people to work in this direction. Enforcing the people to follow the rules accordingly to policy. Rules should be strict enough but ultimately it will help to our society only.
0 0 India has been churning out lot many Graduates than ever. If more people are educated, it means a better and happy society. However, this has not been happening. The academic institutions teach science, maths and languages, and not ethics. Although it's the duty of parents to inculcate ethics in their children, some thoughts from you, the PM, to inculcate ethics in the youth would help to create a better society. A healthy society is one where everyone does their duties with honesty!
1 0 Independence Day of India has been celebrating only in Schools and govt offices. But actual Indians are unable to understand what is Independence, because they ruled by Kings, Muslim rulers Kings, Britishers, Portuguese and French. The fear of ruling by others (other than local citizens) is still exist due to the behavior and ruling methods of govt officers. Now every one of Indian citizen is proudly saying Local Indian Mr Modi ruling the Country. I salute you Sir. Change foreign rule methods ..
0 0 R/PM Sir, There is always something to complain about, you are taking huge initiatives. But inspite of making new announcements or yognaye..just give the reports about the running schemes and make efforts towards them to complete in someway..If all that schemes and yognaye works then INDIA Will BE Golden BIRD..LIke earlier it was...INDIA is made up of The Great people, Hardwork, Intellegence, Morales.
0 0 ... 3. Declaring Holiday is essential because I myself is employed in a private company and it is very tough to take out time for such activities during working week. 4. It would also let the international community know about our seriousness in answering climate change.
0 0 Dear sir, apko is independent day ko Jo Bharat me huae aatankvadi hamle me shid huae Javano ki shahadat ke bare me kuch kehana chahiae aur Pakistan jaise desh hamare desh me Jo karte us ke liae unhe kahena chahiae ki hame bhi it ka javab patthar se dena aata hai. apko dr apj kalam ne hamare desh ke liae Jo kiya hai uske bare me bat karni chahiae.
0 0 I dont want the PM to speak on our independence day........I want him to act on the elimination of domination that men are still exerting on women and women empowerment.I lately realised the problems caused by dowry in the families.I recently came upon a situation where the father is apprehended over the dowry demand re-raised by son-in-law although he was given a land which is now under-valued than it was.I really dont understand how can we chnge this situation of demanding :-(
0 0 MODIJI THINK WHY DELIVERY-AT-GROUND IS NOT AS PER DAILY BIG SLOGANS -(a)compare BJP 2014 manifesto with progress-on-ground after 15 month (b)re-shuffle cabinet replacing non-performing ministers with technocrats through rajya-sabha (c) ask non-performing IAS, not committed to BJP manifesto, in JS/AS/Secy/Equivalent, to REFORM at NITI AAYOG OR go (d) SWAP sushma-with-shivraj (e) ask PMO staffers who are 3+ to leave, take citizen-friendly-governance aptitude-test before giving important postings
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, As we all know that we had to increase the green cover in India to fight the climate change and environmental degradation, declaring June 5, the Environment Day, as National Holiday will help in following ways - 1. June 5 will be celebrated by planting trees. Even if one do it for selfies, the tree have been planted. 2. If 125 crore people plant trees every year on June 5, imagine the increase in tree cover after five years...
0 0 discoveries in the field of space.Though i've pointed out very few ponts on the same, numerous are the possibilities and benefits that come with this. This project should be named after the world renowned educationalist ,our one and only Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam.THIS PROJECT WILL DEFINITELY MAKE INDIA ONE OF THE IMPORTANT DESTINATION IN THE WORLD.THE EFFECT OF THIS PROJECT IS UNIMAGINABLE ON ALL ASPECTS. Thank you
0 0 sir please announce a scheme to rebuilt devastated places due to earthquakes, landslides etc.you can name the scheme as-"PUNARJANAM"
1 0 There is maximum wastage of electricity in Govt. offices. The lights, fans, ACs are found on, even after duties hours. ‘’Aaj Ki Bachat Kal Ki Suraksha’’.  This line will be true, if we  stop wasting  electricity. Suggestion: All govt.offices  be requested to reduce their electricity bills by switching off their lights, fans, ACs and other electrical appliances, when not required. The Head of the Govt, Departts may be given Cash Award/ Commendation Certificate for reducing the electricity bills.
0 0 I feel that sports in India is not looked upon seriously till the time it is commercialised. Any sportsman  who has represented India or State in any kind of sports should be offered a Government job, based on his caliber of course. It feels very demotivated when we see poor condition of sportsmen who have once upon a time represented India. We need to focus on that area for growth and motivation in sports. Vivek, Varanasi.
0 0 Sir I would like to suggest that, Mr. PM should talk elaborately on the Terrorism especially on IS threat. And adress our youngsters to be careful about the Social Media usage of terrorists. Cyber crimes! Thank you.
0 0 My advice to the PM is not to announce any new programme or scheme on Independence Day . Instead, give us a detailed report card on the overabundance of schemes that have been announced since May 2014. In particular, the nation awaits progress on `ease of doing business'. - (taken from  the times of india , article is written by gurucharan das)
0 0 The importance of transparency in a democracy
0 0 we should invite world renowned 30-35 universities providing them the infrastructure as per the standards and admit 70% of students from our 29 states and 30% of multinational students from SAARC countries which will mutually benefit both the countries and these universities should be distributed to all states which will benefit the #onecountry policy.This system will definitely be a vibrant feather on the cap of our nation which is already envied by other countries due to our innovations and
1 0 My advice to the PM is not to announce any new programme or scheme on Independence Day . Instead, give us a detailed report card on the overabundance of schemes that have been announced since May 2014. In particular, the nation awaits progress on `ease of doing business'.
1 0 Sir,i am VISHAL SHARMA a 14 YEAR OLD STUDENT FROM GHAZIABAD.I am always fascinated to contribute in governmental affairs. I want you to organize education drives in villages so that the developing youth has atleast basic knowledge,morals and ethics. you must announce establishment of some governmental primary health care centres so that poor people can afford basic treatments.
0 0 The Pds is collosul wastage of money.please cancel this and give cash benefits as quality will never improve and middle men in India can only thrive.please also help the govt schools to be better in quality so all children in this country can get quality education. Please help in setting up garbage collection and disposal in cities rather than dumping this in landfills in poor villages. Govt should take ownership for roads and public transportation so that poor in country do not suffer
1 0 Education,being the backbone of the society, needs to be given priority and prominence in every possible way. That ensures the upliftment of a country beyond the horizon.Undoubtedly India is lagging much behind in this field compared to other so called developed countries.A mode that we can operate to eradicate this deficit of ours is to globalize our educational system with special emphasis on professional education.
0 0 Establish a common India centric framework for a new project management standard ISO 21500 so that all social projects have effective and timely delivery to the citizens. No country in the world has adopted this to such a large scale. Banks NPA will also reduce and project success will be defined by the beneficiaries
0 0 Sir, i am VISHAL SHARMA a 14 TEAR OLD STUDENT FROM GHAZIABAD.I  am always fascinated to contribute in governmental affairs.I want you to announce  free packages for some skilled engineers to countries like U.S.A and China where innumerable goods are manufactured.they would visit these countries, learn to manufacture goods and then setup factories and plants in India to manufacture goods here.This would also provide employment.
0 0 Just like Consolidated Fund of India & Contingency Fund of India, setup Defence Fund of India into which every citizen of India can be asked to pay Rs. 10/- per month voluntarily and the money thus deposited in this Fund can be used to make investments or improvements of R&D environment of defence PSUs like HAL DRDO etc or help Government of India buy more advanced weapons to guard its borders. I am sure people of India atleast from Metros will participate actively to make this a success. #PM
0 0 Need laws clearly to help and provide security to women. Laws that ensure any rape or molestation to be charged with punishment of at least 3 years in jail with just a police complaint.laws that enable women and daughters and wives to inherit property, uniform civil code like the Portuguese law giving authority to even daughter in laws to inherit husbands property,education benefits for daughters of this country and rights to women so that she has respect in her in laws house
1 0 Dear sir My idea for this independent speech is to make awareness about advantage of paying tax.I want the Indian people comes to know if everybody who comes under tax slab has to pay there tax. Because right now only 4% people pay tax,which is neglible ratio with the current population, if 50 or 60% people file their tax then our economic growth as well all kind of development can be easily possible. Please make convience to our Indian people don't escape filling tax.,
0 0 Just like Consolidated Fund of India & Contingency Fund of India, setup Defence Fund of India into which every citizen of India can be asked to pay Rs. 10/- (maximum) voluntarily and the money thus deposited in this Fund can be used to make investments or improvements of R&D environment of defence PSUs like HAL DRDO etc or help Government of India buy more advanced weapons to guard its borders. I am sure people of India atleast from Metros will participate actively to make this a success. #PM
0 0 Sr citizen or Govt pensioners should be  be allowed with some renumeration for social build up of the nation in their respective field of knowledge through some schemes as we have lot of time,skills,vigor to do something,have a pool of such technocrats interested in providing service.I am ready but no avenue
1 0 Even after sixty eight years of independence we continue to divide our society on the basis of caste and religion. Many of those who are economically poor irrespective of the caste still are marginalized and deprived from educational and employment benefits in country. How will they be taken care?
0 0 Crude price is coming down so kindly bring petrol price to Rs50 so that family expenditure will come down and more savings towards Jan dhan yoghna. Intiate a science chanal for students including ISRO and a direct telecast to schools. Initiate a talent hunt at school level for DEFENSE,SPACE RESEARCH AND FOR NAVARATHNA COMPANIES TO STOP BRAIN EROSION TO SILICON VALLEY.
0 0 Green economy needs to be given a thrust to overcome the fuel and oil crisis. Countries like Brazil have used it successfully to provide better avenues to their farmers specially the sugar cane farmers where the waste can be used to generate biogasse. With farmer suicides and oil costs we need the honorable Narendra Modiji to find fresh avenues for bio fuels.When the late Kalam was President he had started Jatropa cultivation as an alternative fuel.Reliance stopped further research I guess later
0 0 swach bharat mai hum sabhi log sahyog karna chahte hai lekin platform nahi hai aap aisi vyavastha banayiye jaha par log ake apna contribution de sake surwat varanasi se kijiye ,q ki bahot disappointment hua sunke varanasi 418 position pe hai swachata k mapdand pe so please take care of varaanasi.
0 0 namaskar mai hyderabad se prem agrawal hum, is 15 august se agar school mai diye jane wale books ko ,fir se end of the year collect kar k ,fir use next year agar use kare to paisa aur environment dono hi safe rahenge ,america jaisa desh kar sakta hai to hum q nahi ,thank you jai modi jai maa bharti
0 0 As a nation let us prioritize all sectors, particularly education and agriculture in the 21st century. Team INDIA should ensure all Indians have a life and living. When some of our fellow Indians are economically, socially and culturally backward the Independence Day celebration will not be actualized. Together let the largest democracy make a miracle by upholding all Indians. Let's be together to make INDIA GREAT FOREVER!
0 0 #PM, Science and Engineering Colleges,IITs , institutions should install solar power system and produce power even for smaller usage like garden,corridor or street lighting. Encourage the use of Energy saving LED lighting in the premise. College/institute accreditation or certifications may consider it as one of the criteria for assessment.  Considering this as time bound activity of installing solar plant in all the Engineering colleges within three(3yrs) years.
0 0 Many laws have been made to protect our women from sexual assaut, rape, molestation. After Nirbhayaa Case, country was looking for a law to protect woman from such incident.Even after framing of POCSO ACT 2013, there is no control over such incidents. All these incidents can be controlled only by raising moral education to youth, motivating them towards spritual life, rennovating our joint family culture. Motivating them to be aim focused. Parents should be made cautious of their kids routine.
2 0 Let our independence day slogan be “Freedom from Unaccountability”. Let’s form one law to make all segments accountable for their duties, with appraisals and performance trackers to weed out low and no-performers. By turning this law into a social movement, parliamentary and other processes will fall in place. A new Performance Investigation Bureau (PIB) and Corruption Investigation Bureau (CIB) to monitor all services will transform a sluggish India into a meritocratic and efficient global hub.
1 0 in food field if start short term course for such people will help to generate employment and empowerment also reduce the poverty and increase tourism also because for special food making people travel from one part to another part will increase internal tourism and if such park popularize even international food park to introduce will help to increase international tourism will help to generate energy education employment empowerment equality environment if we want to help allthis 6E Important
1 0 Modiji, you promised before election that Hindus who are facing persecution in Bangladesh will be given citizenship. My doctor brother who did her MRCP in medicine from London is suffering daily ignominies in Dhaka, Bangladesh. There are thousands of educated Hindus who want to leave Bangladesh because of constant threat from Muslims. Please give citizenship promise to them. Their lives are like hell for them.You can save their children's future.
1 0 also reduce subsidy burden of fertilizer In every district one food park to set in which every states food to introduce or make available to it we have several dishes special food in India but due to improper set up and marketing we are at loosing side if we introduce benefit 1 start course at every ITI college will increase skill development and employment opportunities require huge instructor for teaching so for household women who make delicious food with other who want to make carrier
1 0 environment Waste food to be used as basic for biogas with in park or restaurant for that with the help of technical institution make it is easy simple and compact and cheap that will help reduce garbage and generate energy as from it fertilizer also generate will help to reduce burden on synthetic fertilizer also it will reduce gas consumption because fertilizer plant require gas means it will reduce pollution due to huge quantity of biogas plant requirement it will increase employment
1 0 also generate employment also introduce eatable plates cup cones in such manner as with food people can eat the plate it will again generate employment along with reduce of garbage and if people will not eat such plates it should make in such manner that used plates shall be use for burning will help to generate energy will utilize to generate power as biofuels in power plant because oil stick on plate also useful for combustion it will reduce paper plastic or thermocol plates will help to save
1 0 Res PM sir For smart cities require following 1 Energy 2 Education 3 Employment 4 Empowerment 5 equality 6 environment Energy is basic need for development and comfort Now Available source are well known along with renewable energy but bio energy will play vital role as clean energy source will help to reduce pollution poverty and unemployment A start green food park in which only vehicle orient business on ground only food vehicle allow for to sale food items will help to automobile Sector
1 0 Please give some assurance on OROP.  may be retirement thresh hold age can be raised .  May be they can be given priority in getting jobs.  But please pay them.  I know you want anair tight case with no room for ambiguity.  Link up with LIC to formulate the plan.
0 0 Regarding energy front non-renewable energy should be focussed more.  Public perception about the atomic energy public perception should be created so that for a long term percepective and energy security atomic energy is the final enery source.
1 0 Modiji, your Govt have launched many pro-poor schemes. Medi and Opposition are spreading lies that nothing is achieved on ground. Even Rahul Bajaj has told in an interview that Govt is losing popularity for not doing enough.  Please carry notes and tell what actually achieved so far in comparison with UPA Govt.
0 0 Sir, Political ideologies may differ with political parties.  Regarding economic font for a long term country economic growth, all political parties should be united and should take a collective responsibility.  Short term gains, parties should not think about.  The goal should be  country progress and economic growth.  Any programme we should start, it should first reach the gross root level of the society then that programme will be successful. Regarding energy front non-renewable energy idea
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Introduce "MODEL TOURIST VILLAGE" concept in all rural tourist destinations. Use every rural govt scheme for the infrastructure of the village to make it tourist friendly. #PM #MyGov #IndependenceDay Thanking you http://bijitdutta.com/
0 0 Respected Sir, First of all I would like to congratulate you on the Digital India initiative which is turning out to be a grand success. The bio metric system has came out to be most effective as employees now are less absent & more conscious. Sir recently an unfortunate incident took place at Gurdaspur. Our soldiers must be provided latest bullet proof vests as well as arms. We are the major exporter of such vests and its the govt. responsibility to provide them to its soldiers. Jai Hind Sir.
1 0 The error in the Judiciary is only modified or reversed in Higher courts for which the poor citizen need to spend money. Further there is no time line fixed for disposal of any case. The lawyers sit as judges in the same place. There is no policy in appointments. They enjoy leave as School Children which other pillar don't have. A judge giving wrong judgement in certain number of cases need to be removed. Please reform the Judiciary. Many points raised are there in law comm recommendation.
0 0 Respected Sir, The functioning of Judiciary in our country need to be put on check. They are behaving like the one which is Supreme and cannot be questioned by anyone in the earth. The Judicial unaccountability prevailing is leading to Mockery of Judiciary. When our country is having system of accountability for two pillars out of three why not for the remaining one. If a politician or an official does any error he is answerable however there is no thing for a Judge Committing error. Why So.
0 0 Dear Honor, i'm requesting you to speak about our nation fisherman's issues while they are facing problems in all the areas. Especially "Tamilnadu" fisherman's getting arrested daily by srilankans and they are taken their boats, so they lost what they gained in their life.
0 1 Bharat Ratna for Palkhivala
0 0 Pl digitisaton of all old texts in various Universities in countries like US/UK Germany and so on
1 0 Agriculture need impetus,Australia,Israel like countries adopted modern technologies.India need to transform completely to avoid wastage. Help of Dr.M.S.Swaminathan like scientist will be productive. Use of Bio fertilizers need emphasis. Advice people to cooperate for countries development by accepting land reforms. There are too many unemployed youths, they need employment creation. only way out is use of technology and accepting hard reforms. Land is the main factor for infrastructure growth
0 0 Sir, pl ensure that e-waste is properly and scientifically collected and disposed of. An awareness campaign has to be created on high scale. 2) Lack of coordination among various service providers. Roads are laid. Then BSNL digs the road. Again road is laid. Then, metrowater digs. Again road is damaged. Drainage is laid and some BSNL cables are snapped. This has become a cycle resulting in a huge unnecessary expenditure and avoidable inconvenience to the public.
1 0 Sir i am delighted about your Swachh Bharath Program. All Indians are behind you in making this program a grand success I request you 1. Removal of all pigs from premises of all villages towns and cities and kept in piggeries outside the cities as they are responsible for many diseases. 2. Providing waste removal bins all over India Thanking you yours faithfully Dr. G. Bhavani Prasad Formerly principal Kurnool medical college kurnool Andhra Pradesh
1 0 Dear Sir, Your sanction of SBM for SWM -VGF will go to the drains again, making a jock devoid of common sense. we have great success and we intend to reach every house, every kitchen, and every hand to pluck the plastics waste ;; under a most modern system innovation. we have now 70% young population and 80% literacy rate;; we can make it a success-- “प्लास्टिक कचरा फेंको मत, हमको दे दो, हमें बुला लो!” Litterfree India, we can make it happen.
0 0 Respected sir, I belong in saurashtra in Gujarat .sir saurashtra me aajtak kisine kuch nahi kiya or kisi bhi leader ne support nahi kiya or corruption ho raha hai. Saurashtra me kuch bhi development nahi ho raha hai aisa hi raha to kuch salo me saurashtra ujjad pardesh ho jaye ga aur kuch dino pahle badh aaya tha adha saurashtra nash ho gaya hai isliye keliye koi muvavja bhi abhi tak nahi mila isliye sir aap saurashtra ke liye kuch vichar kare aur special fund ka elan kare
0 0 sir me balasinor me gujarat me rehta hu par abhi tak road ka ache se kam nahi hua kuch kijiye sir yaha dust ki vajah se bohot bimariya ho rahi hai or macchar bhi badha gaye hai to bhi abhi tak nagar palika vale dawai nahi chat rahe
0 0 sir or me nahi chahta ki public ka aap par se bharosa uth jaye... isiliye aap jald se jald chote area hai vaha help kijiye to kisano se milkar unki baat suniye sir me or meri family pehle se aap hi ko vote dete aaye hai... or yaha jab loksabha ka election tha tabhi hamari society me road banane wale the rcc ka par election hone ke baad abhi tak kam nahi hua or hame bohot hi pareshani ka samna karna pad raha hai
1 0 Dear Sir, its one year of swachh bharat-- but we still don't have a place to throw our tooth brush. either way it reaches a waste dump to lei for hundreds of years. All that gauhatya thing is hocks when we give them to eat in plastics carry bags every where - every day and in every city. SO WE HAVE STARTED -- "PLASTICS KACHRA FENKO MAT- HAMKO DEDO, HAMEN BULA LO" THAT SHOULD BE YOUR SLOGAN FOR THIS 15 TH AUGUST details are being posted to you.
0 0 Sir Modiji me aapka bohot bada fan hu....sir mere khayal se aap independence day ke din apni senya shakti ka pradarshan kare or ha aap senya shakti ke bare me kuch speech de... sir aap next speech ye de ki aap garib or kisan ke liye bohot kuch kar rahe hai... to sabhi ko  aap par bohot bharosa hai sir aap unki help kijiye or sansad me jo ho raha hai use bayan kijiye ki aapki opposion party aapke bill pass hone nahi derah... to iski vajah se public ka or desh ka hi pesa barbad ho ta hai...
0 0 Modi sahab,I don't want your address to be political but people friendly and universal.My ideas being more practical and applicable _Why our country needs a special status tag?How we can tackle the regular dropouts from the government schoolsand increase child and women literacy? how we can improve accessibility of amenities to the most remote areas?Why can't we decrese the incidence of communal and racial violence in so called secular India?Whats the intent of ur frequent foreign visits?
0 0 Dear PM I congratulate you for the effort you have put in for the betterment of Indian citizens. God bless you. I worried much about the judicial system of India. Slowly people loosing the faith on our judicial system. The recent verdicts given by the courts on scam cases disappointed everyone. Person having power and wealth can easily escape from any case. How you are going ensure judicial system is corruption free one.
0 0 Hon'ble sir I am from Jaunpur sir Mai chahta hu ki ap is bar kuchh alag kijiye kyu ki ab kisano ka bharosa ap se uth rha hai kyu ki ap k MP kam hi nhi kr rhe sir is  bar ap farmers  k liye kahi v achank daure pe jaye or wha unse miliye Unki bat suniye km se km  ap jha jayene wha road to bnega sir sb ko ap se bahut ummid thi lekin waisa kuchh nhi huwa or ek bar bharosa uth gya fir ap kitna v kam kr lo kuchh nhi hone wala fir to sir ap ab Kariye kuchh
0 0 Sir, You may consider special schemes for disabled people who can't manage themselves. Such as fixed income from LIC (with parents contribution) after the parent's demise, Good quality stay homes with assistance from willing high profiled, Creating and helping groups of parents of such persons. Thank you sir.
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR, IT WILL BE GOOD THAT YOU DISPLAY A BOARD ON EVERY LIMIT DISTANCE ACROSS THE INDIA MAP WITH ROAD MAP AND PM,CM,DM AND NEAR POLICE STATIONS CONTACT INFORMATION.IF ANY BODY DESTROY THEY WILL BE PUNISHABLE.FROM THIS WORK, LAND ,ROAD,REFORMATION AND CRIME PROTECTION WILL BE SECURED.
0 0 sir maine kabhi bahut pehle suna tha ki aap flute bhi bjate ho agar ye sach hai to aap 15 aug ko keval 30 sec k le he ek bar flute bja do isse hamre desh ke classical music ko  isse ek alag he chamak milegi Jai Hind
0 0 Dear Sir, People always show their arrogance everywhere. This makes the society as non-conducive. Hence please make the slogan “Avoid Arrogance”. . Love and affection is a selective approach Whereas   “ AA”  can be by all and by all-time without any restriction to all spheres of life. Courts/GOVTs/Large sections of people could not apply love and affection to terrorists or any anti -idealists.  But they all can do “AA”. With Regards.
1 0 I would like to see a War Memorial and National War Museum for all the forgotten soldiers of India who sacrificed their lives for the country. I would like to see a Freedom Fighter Museum in each state, where those forgotten heroes of each state need to be acknowledged and respected. I would like to see a Poets and Writers Gallery where each writer of states need to be respected. People need to be aware of India's age old culture of Rishi and Munis, Centre should create Vedic Training centres
0 0 List your achievements in the last one year.  Coal auction.  Higher power supply.  Toilets for schools and beti bachao abhiyan.  Also mention saved country from the Italian Mafia.  High light Foreign policy gains.
0 0 Sir, I suggest that for schools we can have one day each week to discuss class subjects by using domain expertise.  This will be like Khan lectures available on the WEB.    Each subject particularly maths and science can be broad cast as per syllabus  in school.Sir we need to bring disrepute to the paid and biased news shown on pvtnews channnels.  How are they getting access to defence matters etc. Nitiesh kumar twists your comment on DNA. Explain how all humans have same DNA.But not politicians
0 0 Most of the NPAs in Banks are from influential people. Banks are only after small defaulters. Banks should be directed  to disclose the names of  NPAs.
0 0 We all knew how CORRUPT the Central and State Govt.staffs are.Most of them take salary and pension for mere attendance.For service they take Bribe by eating Govt revenue.A VDIS & VDWS scheme for them alone is to be announced.
0 0 Dear Sir, Let's start treating COWS as our family member and cruelty against all the animals must stop , what an IRONY that LIONS who do not contribute to us we have made sanctuaries for them whereas COW gives us life saving foods , love & affection , symbol of purity and teaches us simplicity , humility and service , we have not provided them any place to spend their rest of life .SO let's take pledge that we will provide proper place for the cows to be in the green fields and spend their life
1 0 If the Central Government staff of the CBDT and CBEC are not corrupt then , we will be able to collect at least DOUBLE the present collection. In comparison the CBEC is more corrupt.The Service Tax collection is easily met with out much effort from the staff, it is automatic. So the department is using Show Cause notices as a tool for money making. The present threshold  limit of 10 L is to be enhanced to at least 25 L.Strong message to  be given to these department staffs against GRAT.
0 0 Dear sir, you are our primeminister and everyone respects you and listen to you, specially when you are in lal quila for the great moment of anniversary for our independence. Sir please request to the Indian parents and the family for give some time to those girls who want to pursue their dream. Most of family insist their daughter to marry just after graduation, but we also want to live our dream and build our career. I know if you will say, many Indian daughters can follow their dream.
0 0 0 CORRUPTION JUST A DREAM?Delhi Electricity Ombudsman full of recruitment scams&corruption with DERC?NO RULES?PROBE
0 0 ONE THIRD in Parliament with Criminal Records ?Zero Corruption& Reforms appear to be 'A DREAM' ! Dirt Politics ?All forgot  Public Welfare !
0 0 Forgive &Forget='LET GO'=act of great soul=MAHA DHAN-TOP DONATION=Godly words of wisdom=Spirituality only panacea !
0 0 Zero Corruption=SC:"Ensure transparency in all appointments"Maximum SCAMS due to Dirt Politics.STOP Pick&Choose.LOKPAL=BABUPAL='YES BOSS' ?
0 0 GOD's Blessings of purity,peace,prosperity,progress,happiness,bliss,love,welfare,TOLERANCE,patience,integrity,kindness, SELFLESS SERVICE !
0 0 'PICK & CHOOSE POLICY is on the Top MOST  Agenda of every one today and appointing such top positions without follow http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Cabinet-secretary-Ajit-Seth-get... …
0 0 Cancel all appointments -NO NOTIFIED STAFF& RR REGULATIONS- BIG SCAM Continues in DERC &Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN http://indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/govt-should-know-how-disco... …
0 0 Consumer Justice and welfare under Electricity laws are all fraud and eye wash just to make mockery favoring discoms.Corruption Full,NORULES
0 0 DISCRETION' amounts to corruption ,nepotism, favoritism, abuse of power. IDEAL DEMOCRACY: MEHAR BHAI BLOGS on Google inviting Suggestions
0 0 All religious but not yet PEACEFUL stands at 147 position of Global Peace Index&Tops World Hunger Index? SPIRITUAL STATE=Be Spiritual KINGS!
0 0 Replace all nuclear bombs&destructive materials with'SPIRITUAL BOMB=PEACE+LOVE BLOG on Google.INVITATION-Suggestion
0 0 SPIRITUALITY FOR IDEAL DEMOCRACY&POLITICALTRANSFORMATION:Spirituality magic mantra to cleanDirt Politics Stigma.Be Zero=HERO=SPIRITUAL KINGS
0 0 KALIYUGI DEMOCRACY:No constable&babu listen to Elected Govt.but Top Babus controlling all.A dream:World Capital?DIRT
0 0 Prime Minister's call:FOUR Revolutions+SustainableYOGIC Agriculture Revolution+UN 17 SDGS=PROSPERITY=Golden Age =GODLY INTOXICATION FOR ALL!
0 0 Congrats!WONDERFULSTART OF SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION ON UN YOGA DAY!Focus SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT+UN 17 SDGS + PM 4 Revolutions=PROSPERITY!
0 0 Focus World ONE 'Spiritual State' panacea for ZERO TERRORISM as we all belong to one Godly family.Spiritual Bomb!
0 0 Time for politicians to learn lessons&transform.Make corruption-free democracy!Zero Criminal Records for M.P.&M.L.A MEHARBHAI BLOGS -Google
0 0 On the same IDEALS,Morality, Humanity : All to take 'SANYAS' at once &  pray to God to forgive for such SINS ! PEACE !Be transparent, fair !
0 0 Focus on Corruption&Recruitment Scams by Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN WITH CORRUPT DERC. No Notified Staff Rules.JAGO -PROBE
0 0 JUSTICE NOT ONLY TO BE DONE BUT APPEARS TO BE DONE:fairness& reasonable time to defend after each level rejection ? http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/yakub-memon-case-sc-... …
0 0 http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/judges-should-not-go... … .Spirituality is the ultimate panacea to transform lives in all respectrs&death penalty- no real path to 0 terrorism
0 0 "LORD DENNING:"JUSTICE NOT ONLY DONE BUT APPEARS TO BE DONE.WHEN PUBLIC SAY -JUDGE BIASED,PRINCIPLES…" — MEHAR BHAI http://disq.us/8o6jq3
0 0 via @speakingtree GODLY LAWS AND EXECUTING JUSTICE:Spiritual Laws are the pillars of Natural & Social Justice !:http://bit.ly/1SDzFWi
0 0 TRANSPARENCY: Appoint only working Judges on deputation.NO retired or others to be appointed for all quasi-judici http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/SC-snubs-Katju-rejects-his-plea... …
0 0 UN states set goal to end poverty, hunger in next 15 years-The Economic Times SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT  to ALIGN http://ecoti.ms/46CPRY
0 0 Focus on Sustainable Yogic Agriculture http://www.yoickheti.com   for pure,economic & safe food !WHO Recent Discovery:Insecticides cause Cancer
0 0 All to focus on 'SELFLESS SERVICE' to be above all party dirt politics for the welfare of the society?=Be ZERO=HERO=SPIRITUAL KINGS=GODLY !!
0 0 Executive always imposes above judiciary and petitions  disposed totally based on whims & fancies =0 NATURAL JUSTICE
0 0 All to learn from this BLACK DAY ?Stop manufacturing all Atom Bombs, nuclear & destructive materials=Call of time to Explode SPIRITUAL BOMB!
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION, Nepotism, Favoritism,Abuse of Power=MORALITY=IDEAL & MODEL LEADERS =When integrity has been questio http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/social/SC-calls-for-new-law-to-r... …
0 0 "HATE SINS,NOT SINNERS"-MAHATMA BUDDHA. Always remember GOD & DEATH and 'SPIRITUAL LAWS' -do justice to all as we ar http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Threats-will-not-affect-our-wor... …
0 0 via @speakingtree DIVINE WORDS OF WISDOM FOR PURE, NATURAL AND SOCIAL JUS http://bit.ly/1OWGyvz 'Truth of Life' :GOD & DEATH =ZERO WRONG !
0 0 via @speakingtree HIDDEN TREASURE AND WONDERFUL MAGIC FOR GODLY CONNECTION http://bit.ly/1IUaZ5l Rajyoga Meditation magic to be  with God !
0 0 Congrats!The Best Homage to DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM & JUSTICE KRISHNA IYER: 'STOP DEATH PENALTY' :UN, IHRC, NHRCs=FOLLOW  http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/3-channels-get-show-cause-notic... …
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION=Focus elections for governors also on the lines of President of India.NO PICK &CHOOSE POLICY=AVOID   http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/R-N-Kovind-appointed-governor-o... …
0 0 Focus on dying people for ZERO hunger,poverty,suicides,pollution,corruption,illiteracy,sins,diseases,terrorism,evils
0 0 The Best Homage to DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM :ABOLISH DEATH PENALTY.Follow Tripura Assembly Resolution-NO DEATH PENALTY=GOD
0 0 Focus on dying people for ZERO hunger,poverty,suicides,pollution,corruption,illiteracy,sins,diseases,terrorism,evils
0 0 Blaming&accusing each other will not serve public.Let not public suffer due to'DIRTPOLITICS'.Be SPIRITUAL KINGS=GOD!
0 0 via @speakingtree 'SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION' AND U.S.PRESIDENT INITIATIVES Yoga  leads to Golden Age- world Spiritual !
0 0 via @speakingtree 'SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION' AND U.S.PRESIDENT INITIATIVES Yoga day leads to Golden Age- world Spiritual
0 0 via @speakingtree 'SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION' AND U.S.PRESIDENT INITIATIVES Yoga day leads to Golden Age- world Spiritual
0 0 via @speakingtree HIDDEN TREASURE AND WONDERFUL MAGIC FOR GODLY CONNECTION http://bit.ly/1IUaZ5l Rajyoga Meditation magic to be  with God
0 0 via @speakingtree DIVINE WORDS OF WISDOM FOR PURE, NATURAL AND SOCIAL JUS http://bit.ly/1OWGyvz 'Truth of Life' :GOD & DEATH =ZERO WRONG
0 0 "HATE SINS,NOT SINNERS"-MAHATMA BUDDHA. Always remember GOD & DEATH and 'SPIRITUAL LAWS' -do justice to all as we ar http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Threats-will-not-affect-our-wor...
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION, Nepotism, Favoritism,Abuse of Power=MORALITY=IDEAL & MODEL LEADERS =When integrity has been questio http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/social/SC-calls-for-new-law-to-r... …
0 0 All to focus on 'SELFLESS SERVICE' to be above all party dirt politics for the welfare of the society?=Be ZERO=HERO=SPIRITUAL KINGS=GODLY !!
0 0 Executive always imposes above judiciary and petitions  disposed totally based on whims & fancies =0 NATURAL JUSTICE
0 0 Focus on Sustainable Yogic Agriculture http://www.yoickheti.com   for pure,economic & safe food !WHO Recent Discovery:Insecticides cause Cancer
0 0 TRANSPARENCY: Appoint only working Judges on deputation.NO retired or others to be appointed for all quasi-judici http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/SC-snubs-Katju-rejects-his-plea...
0 0 via @speakingtree GODLY LAWS AND EXECUTING JUSTICE:Spiritual Laws are the pillars of Natural & Social Justice !:http://bit.ly/1SDzFWi
0 0 TRANSPARENCY:Appoint onlyJudges on deputation.NO retired or others to be appointed for all quasi-judici http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/SC-snubs-Katju-rejects-his-plea... … =0 CORRUPTION
0 0 "LORD DENNING:"JUSTICE NOT ONLY DONE BUT APPEARS TO BE DONE.WHEN PUBLIC SAY -JUDGE BIASED,PRINCIPLES…" — MEHAR BHAI http://disq.us/8o6jq3
0 0 indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/judges-should-not-go-beyond-lakshman-rekha-says-justice-kurian-joseph/?utm_source=vuukle … .Spirituality is the ultimate panacea to transform lives in all respectrs&death penalty- no real path to 0 terrorism
0 0 USTICE NOT ONLY TO BE DONE BUT APPEARS TO BE DONE:fairness& reasonable time to defend after each level rejection ? http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/yakub-memon-case-sc-... …
0 0 Then Chief Justice of India R.M LODHA :"Work for all 365 days!" Recently,SC set an example  to hear cases in night! MEHAR BHAI BLOGS-Google
0 0 Focus on Corruption&Recruitment Scams by Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN WITH CORRUPT DERC. No Notified Staff Rules.JAGO -PROBE BLOGS on Google
0 0 via @speakingtree GODLY LAWS AND EXECUTING JUSTICE:Spiritual Laws are the pillars of Natural & Social Justice !GODLY :http://bit.ly/1SDzFWi
0 0 On the same IDEALS,Morality, Humanity : All to take 'SANYAS' at once &  pray to God to forgive for such SINS ! PEACE !Be transparent, fair !
0 0 Time for politicians to learn lessons&transform.Make corruption-free democracy!Zero Criminal Records for M.P.&M.L.A MEHARBHAI BLOGS -Google
0 0 Focus World ONE 'Spiritual State' panacea for ZERO TERRORISM as we all belong to one Godly family.Spiritual Bomb! MEHAR BHAI BLOGS on Google
0 0 Prime Minister's call:FOUR Revolutions+SustainableYOGIC Agriculture Revolution+UN 17 SDGS=PROSPERITY=Golden Age =GODLY INTOXICATION FOR ALL!
0 0 All religious but not yet PEACEFUL stands at 147 position of Global Peace Index&Tops World Hunger Index? SPIRITUAL STATE=Be Spiritual KINGS!
0 0 DISCRETION' amounts to corruption ,nepotism, favoritism, abuse of power. IDEAL DEMOCRACY: MEHAR BHAI BLOGS on Google inviting Suggestions
0 0 Consumer Justice and welfare under Electricity laws are all fraud and eye wash just to make mockery favoring discoms.Corruption Full in DERC
0 0 Cancel all appointments -NO NOTIFIED STAFF& RR REGULATIONS- BIG SCAM Continues in DERC &Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN http://indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/govt-should-know-how-disco... … …
0 0 'PICK & CHOOSE POLICY is on the Top MOST  Agenda of every one today and appointing such top positions without follow http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Cabinet-secretary-Ajit-Seth-get... …
0 0 Zero Corruption=SC:"Ensure transparency in all appointments"Maximum SCAMS due to Dirt Politics.STOP Pick&Choose.LOKPAL=BABUPAL='YES BOSS' ?
0 0 GREAT SOUL DR. KALAM:Main Focus on:NO DEATH PENALTY,SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION,POVERTY,HUNGER,SELFLESS SERVICE,CORRUPTION
0 0 IT IS MOCKERY&MURDER OF DEMOCRACY TO TERRORIZE MEDIA &PUBLIC not express their views when injustice evident.UNFAIR?
0 1 Congrats!The Best Homage to DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM&JUSTICE KRISHNA IYER:STOP DEATH PENALTY:UN,IHRC,NHRCs=FOLLOW TRIPURA
0 0 Focus on World as SPIRITUAL STATE AND SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION FOR ZERO TERRORISM FOR GLOBAL PEACE& HARMONY=GODLY FAMILY
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION=SELF TRANSFORMATION FIRST=All to be zero-hero to focus on SPIRITUALITY !=God Bless All=Godly FamilY
0 0 Focus Sustainable YOGIC Agriculture http://yogickheti.com  -Pure Food.WHOrecent Discovery:Cancer due to insecticides
0 0 Focus on world as SPIRITUAL STATE AND SPREAD SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for global PEACE & HARMONY as ONE GODLY FAMILY!
0 0 Follow DR.ABDUL KALAM "NO DEATH PENALTY" Tripura Assembly set example passed Resolution to abolish death penalty
0 0 RECRUITMENT SCAMS:CorruptDERC&Ombudsman:Violated Sects.91,181ELECT.ACT&Sec.4-RTI ACT=No Govt Approved&Notified Rules
0 0 SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION AND GOLDEN AGE !" by @MEHARSI60423563 on @LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/spiritual-revolution-golden-age-mehar-
0 0 "SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE FOR PURE & SAFE FOOD: A HIDDEN TREASURE" by @MEHARSI60423563 on @LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/sustainable-yogic-agriculture-pure-safe-f... …
0 0 "SPIRITUAL BOMB OR ATOM BOMB ?" by @MEHARSI60423563 on @LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/spiritual-bomb-atom-mehar-bhai …
0 0 RAJYOGA MEDITATION FOR WORLD PEACE AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT" by @MEHARSI60423563 on @LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/rajyoga-meditation-world-peace-sustainabl... …
0 0 Blaming&accusing each other will not serve public.Let not public suffer due to'DIRTPOLITICS'.Be SPIRITUAL KINGS=GOD!
0 0 Blaming&accusing each other will not serve public.Let not public suffer due to'DIRTPOLITICS'.Be SPIRITUAL KINGS=GOD!harmony
0 0 World to be SPIRITUAL STATE as we belong to ONE GODLY FAMILY!Focus on SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION !Be SPIRITUAL KINGs!PEACE
0 0 World to be SPIRITUAL STATE as we belong to ONE GODLY FAMILY!Focus on SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION !SPIRITUAL KING!HARMONY !
0 0 World to be SPIRITUAL STATE as we belong to ONE GODLY FAMILY!Focus on SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION !SPIRITUAL KING!HARMONY +LOVE=PEACE +PROSPERITY !
0 0 Focus on SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT to be major component aligned with United Nations 17 SDGS as part of Yoga Day
0 0 Focus on SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT a major component aligned with United Nations17 SDGS+PM 4 REVOLUTIONS =PEACE!
0 0 Focus on SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT a major component aligned with United Nations17 SDGS+PM 4 REVOLUTIONS=HARMONY
0 0 Focus on SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT a major component aligned with United Nations17 SDGS+PM 4 REVOLUTIONS =GODLY!
0 0 FIRST we have to clean our'INNER DIRT'&free from all VIKARS/EVILS-'INNER BEAUTY' TO BE TOP MOST AGENDA FOR ALL.GODLY
0 0 LOVE OF CHILDREN IS THE LOVE OF GOD'!Teach Spirituality to all as Educational Reforms  to empower all souls =PURITY
0 0 When Zero Elected Govt.=LAW & ORDER-WORLD MODEL CAPITAL-only a DREAM !DANGER TO INDIAN DEMOCRACY? God Save &Bless!
0 0 Focus on SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT @yogickheti  for pure,safe & secure food & clean pollution free environment!
0 0 -FULL MONTH OF JUNE being International Day of Yoga on 21st June -Organize :  celebrations, functions, programs, activities etc - All projects, schemes, initiatives, activities, programs  world over to have SPIRITUALITY as major component - UN 17 SDGS must also include Global Zero Corruption, Spirituality, world as Spiritual State.
0 0 Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this Kalyugi field . INTERNATIONAL DAY OF Yoga: -Congrats! Humble suggestion for INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR YOGA is to have top most agenda as SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for Golden AGE ! -The whole world  to be declared as a  "SPIRITUAL STATE" for ONE GODLY FAMILY resulting to ZERO EVILS. -GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP to be started and accepted by all as an vital component of Spiritual Revolution.
0 0 Focus on =  GLOBAL ZERO SINS, EVILS, CRIMES, CORRUPTION, PROBLEMS for world ONENESS as ONE World GODLY Family. -Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this KalyUGA INTERNATIONAL DAY OF Yoga: -Congrats! Humble suggestion for INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR YOGA is to have top most agenda as SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for Golden AGE ! -The whole world  to be declared as a  "SPIRITUAL STATE" for ONE GODLY FAMILY resulting to ZERO EVILS. -
0 0 rosperous & peaceful living.SPIRITUALITY is the panacea. -Be as you was earlier and focus on ZERO CORRUPTION  .Try to wash out DIRT POLITICS STIGMA as a new birth in this Kalyugi field. -Electricity Act, Rules and Regulations are more favorable to discoms .To be amended in the over all interest of consumers. -National Cadet Corps - N.C.C. to be made MANDATORY in all schools. colleges and universities for Self- Discipline and defense . -Indo-US Bonding = 3 Ps = PURITY,PEACE, PROSPERITY
0 0 Let every body stop bribing who are FIRST SINNER -NO CORRUPTION. Self-TRANSFORMATION  FIRST by SPIRITUALITY. Catch big fish. - Caged & slave Delhi to be made FREE first then we may dream for world 'MODEL CAPITAL'! -Speaker,LOP, PM made LOKPALanother slave.BE FAIR'. -Congrats! Spiritual Sisters & Brothers. Focus on ZERO CORRUPTION&NO ONE BRIBES.Be a Model for the whole world.Real GOAL:SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION. -Congrats. Let us follow SPIRITUAL LAWS for better governance & happy,pure,prosperous
0 0 -Consumer courts are slaves&caged parrot of discoms -Electricity LAWS -People come & go but no one so far washes 'DIRT POLITICS STIGMA'.Let us try to be FIRST ! -Let us focus on REFORMS &TRANSFORMATION.Save energy.NO SPEECH, ACTION NEEDED !!! -IDEAL LOKPAL is no where as politicians & executives have made nonjudicial another slave & caged parrot under the impugned  Act. - Let every body stop bribing who are FIRST SINNER -NO CORRUPTION. Self-TRANSFORMATION  FIRST
0 0 IDEAL GOVERNANCE WITH TOP AGENDA ON "SPIRITUALITY" : -We forgot the real path of SPIRITUALITY. JAGO !!! - BALANCE KATHNI & KARNI! First free slave & caged Delhi Assembly and impugned LOKPAL FROM POLITICIANS & EXECUTIVES as JUDICIAL BODY. -NO SPEECHES BUT ACTION & RESULTS to be TOP most AGENDA.Made TRUE. -RE-ELECTIONS are destroying  &  making India poorer.Let the largest party to govern for 5 years .REFORMS! -POOR INDIA is suffering a lot due to RE-ELECTIONS.SLAVERY ?
0 0 We all belong to ONE GOD.Let us be SPIRITUAL and be all of us part of ONE GODLY FAMILY !!! -YOGA is fundamentally for "SPIRITUAL EMPOWERMENT" & automatically physical betterment assured. - Let every body stop bribing who are FIRST SINNER -NO CORRUPTION. SELF-TRANSFORMATION  FIRST by SPIRITUALITY.
0 0 Politicians converted JUDICIAL LOKPAL into BABU LOKPAL: another slave & caged parrot. -Hunger, poverty, corruption epidemic are the main hazards for sustainable development. -Establish VILLAGE COURTS on the lines of UNDP Project in Bangla Desh. -Adopt Panchayat Elections Pattern for M.P.s & M.L.A.s also. Abolish Political Parties as per our Constitution - Let UN to ensure world as a SPIRITUAL STATE to stop all sins, evils, crimes, killings,hatred among  religions   & masses.
0 0 The T.H.I.N.K (The Humanitarian/Human resource Institute of National K.A.L.A.M ) Mission centre,s expert panel can then forward the shortlisted suggestions to the Union Governmaent for approval and formulation of social-welfare schemes.this woul create a direct bridge between the citizen and the Centre.Together we can build a clean,skillfull and inclusive India.
0 0 These K.A.L.A.M Mission Centres may be established with partial help by the government with direct participation of the citizens and local donations.All suggestions after being edited and collated by the District Collector may then be sent to a central body...The Humanitarian Institute of National K.A.L.A.M Mission(THINK)CETRE and further proposals may be considerd by a multi disciplinary expert panel. This would be a truly citizen inclusive nation-building exercise.
0 0 Dear sir, my suggestion is the starting of K.A.L.A.M (Knowledge And Learning to Assist Mankind) Mission Centres in all districts where common citizens can come and submit suggestions, reforms, innovative ideas under three categories..1.Local,2.State,3.National regarding various fields like agriculture,economy,defence,health,women security,child welfare etc.Citizens can form into local groups under each category and submit Detailed Project Reports on each suggestion to collector for correction.
1 0 We need to be united,within the country & with other SAARC countries to fight terror activity
0 0 Govt should establish a research endeavour Akshara covering all languages in India to study all ancient literature 500years+and develop what is underllying in all Indian endeavours.This must only be done by Indians --with no foreigners.This must be done by all higher education al institutions along with state governments so the can teach their languages in others states and develop their language and cltre popularty--making truly one India market over time
0 0 Sir ,Take care of your health. Please sir as charges of availing  internet services are being increased by different service providers . Please look into the matter . Server problem is to be solved . What about  CLOUD TECHNOLOGY . Caring and welfare activities of Government of India reside in HEARTS of people.  THANKS  FOR  CARING  . GOD BLESS
0 0 Respected Sir, Coming straight to the point. As an Indian citizen I would like to see a pie chart of where the spending goes every year. How much is spent on each category. This will be very useful to he average citizen and it should be available at the governmet website for India. Also give an award to the city or state that did a great job on the swach bharat agenda!
0 0 Dear sir , your efforts towards women empowerment is laudable. Beti bachao , Beti padhao  initiative is a sincere attempt to highlight the importance of women education in India . This will ultimately lead to more and more women in jobs. Unfortunately , there are many obstacles for women to continue in employment . As the evidence suggest , many women struggle and simply couldn't continue in full time employment because of family commitment . It is really a  daunting  task to balance the child
0 0 care ,household duties and the job. I think it would be extremely helpful if there is a provision of flexible working for female employees. They should have the legal right to request flexible working. this is quite common in western world and is one of the  important factor influencing high female employment rates. Flexible working includes part time working or job sharing . It would be a significant step forward if your government could bring some legislation which provide a
0 0 ( 5 ) Corruption free , boss free New policy be framed for  assessment of appraisal for promotion by devising new tracking system of human values by out standing unattended calls or complaints .Give small help & support to have  big help & support . Worship the soul ( SWA ABHIMAN ) & not false  AHAM KAR , Dare to speak the truth , Live & let live with dignity in fear free BHARAT . One awareness shared will create  MASS AWARENESS .On line technology in every field .
0 0 even at 50 % emoluments .( 3 ) Practical utility of the achivements by on line office near choraha where dyadhee labours are bidding there daily wages rates just like sale  of labours ensuring dignified  services  to poor , labours of daily wages. ( 4 ) Divine Charkha centres be established at the places of morning walk ek panth dau nahee teen kaj -first - utility , second - exercise by charkha or any mechanical device and third production of thread helping economic development .
1 0 statutory right to all female employees in both public and private sector in India to request flexible working . This will help millions of women to balance work and family life , bring financial independence which will ultimately pave way for true empowerment . Announcement regarding the same on Independence Day will be a step forward in making Indian women  truly  independent . Thank you.
0 0 Om namah Shivay -- This time mann ki baat mai kuchh  khushi ka announcement hona  chahiye .Miracle gift of joy before diwali . ( 1 )-Unemployed youth , deserving engineers ( distinction in B.Tech. & experience of serving with mnc ) may be picked for posting them (at home town)  with family  under new scheme of My Gov administration service at door steps. ( 2 ) Services of Janche parkhe retired including voluntarily retired from distant places  honest officers may be obtained ( at their home town
0 0 Dear PM, To improve education system please change medium of study to English in all government schools so that even poor children can study in English medium which will open better career opportunities for them. Various countries effaced their local language and adopted English as their national language and developed very well like Ireland, Singapore. Now even their local less literate people are able to do business internationally. On 15th Aug please announce English as national language.
0 0 "The health of our civilization and our concern for the future is tested by how well we support our libraries" On this independence day, let us acknowledge the need to build temples of learning in every city of the country. Our children need to learn, to grow. They need libraries to provide them the atmosphere where they can learn and gain knowledge. Development of libraries should be a announced as a focus area for the Niti Aayog, Ministry of Culture and MHRD.
0 0 To make our country "developed" each of our thought, word and action should be "this country will be made developed and prosperous country by me"instead of "I will make myself developed and prosperous". For, the starting point for all ills around us is the importance we give to the word "I". When we do this, happiness will come to all of us, and each person will have a share of the same. The other way none of us will be happy.
0 0 Everyone should promote tourism in India , to get an additional forex exchange and indirect or direct job for the people of India.In order to do that first we need to ensure to clean the city,and increase the tourist destination. There are lot of touristic place ,which are far beyond the imagination ,however no one is aware about those places.... My request you Mr.Modi , to develop the team who is looking after the tourism and cleanliness in India.
0 0 It would be the best part beheading the scary feelings under the peoples of west Bengal and Assam specially The normal people who were allowed to vote did that with a hope of better uplifment It's only you who can help And make them feel secured Come and see the ground reality
0 0 Disabled access of all buildings, bus, trains etc. Pedestrians and cyclists access of roads. Why can't we have separate roads for cycles, pedestrians? There is a lot to include.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister I would really keenly request you to show some signs of relief to the peoples of west bengal,Assam and kerela m sure enough that you are very well aquinted with the real problems being faced by these three states On dis independence day make them feel proud they are Indian a country where u aquire freedom in every sense Give signs of hope to the peoples who are in scary mode staying in their own country
1 0 We also need to address the issue of OROP and try to motivate the youth to join the service of nation. Defence, administration; all of them. A soldier who is dying for the country expects that the govt is going to take care of his family. Can we ensure that the families of martyrs are not humiliated by clerks etc.
0 0 Dear Sir, we have such a nasty neighbor. A neighbor who is suicidal. With such a neighbor plus the growing power of IS, taliban and other similar terrorist groups; how safe our borders are? Are we ready to defeat the enemy? No matter what we say, people of India are living in denial of Islamic terrorism. Please assure the nation on these issue.
0 0 Respected Narendra  Modiji, This Independence Day we can start/announce a train called "SWACCHTA EXPRESS" whose route will look like a 'garland of cleanliness''Swacchta ki mala' as seen on railroute map when it covers the circuit route:Delhi-Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Goa-Kanyakumari-Chennai-Kolkata-Varanasi-Delhi...stopping at these 8 stations completing the circuit like a mala.It will be a symbolic gesture towards cleanliness & a constant conscious reminder to public towards this issue. CONTINUED PDF
0 0 In context of swach bharat abhiyaan,I have noticed that,it is the clean roads and streets which give a city clean look. We never peep in someone house and comment about cleaniness. It is the roads and streets which make up our mind about cleaniness of a place. Cleaniness should be in form of infrastructure and disciplined traffic. Sir,our government must  pay special attention towards PAVEMENTS and TREES on both side of roads in towns,to get rid of garbbage and dirty mud on road sides.
0 0 On the occasion of this Independence Day Let us all vow that we will give preference to the Nation and the well being of the Nation over everything else. Let us all come under one religion that is 'BHARAT DHARM'. Our freedom with respect to our religion of birth need not be undermined. As the citizens of this Nation we should love and serve each other as brothers and sisters and respect each other's religion. If we can do this it would be the greatest service to the Nation.
0 0 We are very much pleasure to have a such broad minded PM for our country. We like to hear some announcement about "CONNECTING RIVERS ACROSS INDIA" which was initiated and dream project for our Farmer Prime Minister Atal bihari Vajpayee. The average rainfall in India is reducing year by year and ground level water is went down from 2000 to 5000 ft. Furthermore the rain across the nation is not uniform, the east and north gets most of the rain, while the west and south get less.
0 0 Sir, your call for building toilets at schools for girl children has also yielded fruit. There was a large scale movement for building toilets at schools. Sir, please earmark more funds for maintainace and unintruppted functioning of these toilets for next 25 years so that this facility at schools do not face apathy of shortage of funds.
0 0 Sir..we are in 21st century n do you think there is still a need of caste based reservations in INDIA If the same continues the government will be for the RESERVED people and not for so called DESERVED ones. Caste based reservations are ruining the lifes of lots of people. This is the main reason behind BRAIN DRAIN. Look at the real time example in that image
0 0 Sir, your call for swach bharat abhiyaan is yielding fruits. Now I have personally observed that our society has become aware about keeping surroundings clean. The time has approched where by our administration should step in and take appropriate measures to collect and dispose off garbbage efficiently and at a larger scale . For this our government must prepare an blue print for entire country. Sir, encouragment has worked...!!
0 0 As a society it is important to remember that we as a nation have survived and thrived because of our unique social fabric that values tolerance and inclusiveness. It is these values which allows to harness our diversity as our strength when it can easily turn to be our weakness. So we have to commit to these values and not let our vulnerabilities exposed for our enemies to use it as a tool to hinder our growth as a vibrant diverse and secular nation..!!!....
0 0 .1> Story of india and the journey ahead .2> Empowerment of women , weak and underprivileged .3> Terrorism .4> Corporate media(supposed 4th pillar of democracy) .5> A report to public regarding the success of the initiativ's taken by the govt.
0 0 Sir, please encourage middle and upper class families of our society to avail health facilities delivered by health dept at government hospitals.Its Benefits:a. This will bridge gap between poor and rich. b. Seeing wealthy people getting treatment at government hospital will set a role model for poor and they will not waste money at private hospitals for health facilities available at govt. hospital free of cost. c. Affulent people can assist local health authorities in improving health services
0 0 Respected Sir. Suggested theme “Unstoppable India:  From Smart cities to Smart villages” as a tribute to the late Dr Kalam, who envisioned developed India by empowering rural India. “Bharat” being referred to those residing in villages (70%) did not benefit as much as” India” did (30%) from the high growth. Any growth can be meaningful if it bridges this gap and reaches the last man i.e. true Antyodaya! “Saansad Aadarsh Gram Yojana” can  be expanded to develop many  “Smart villages”
0 0 sir hum sab milkar apne desh me for example mene do company kholi ek taraf graduate people and other side ungraduate people to sir fir jis company me graduate people hai unse unke matlab ka karwaege or jo ungraduate people hai un logo se unke matlab kaam karwaege or sir usi ke hisaab se unhe salary dege orsir haan mene kaafi saare log aise dekhe hai jinke paas degree nahi hai lekin unke paasaisa mind hai ki wo log apne matlab ka kaam aaram se kar sakte hai isse hamara desh berojgaar nahi rahega.
0 0 Sir, Part 2 / 2: In the continuing theme of 'LOOK BEHIND" & 'LOOK BEYOND" for the Independence Day Address, issues concerned with the SWATCHH BHARAT ABHIYAAN are addressed. It's one year, since Hon'ble PM expounded the theme of SWATCHH BHARAT from the ramparts of red fort, truly marking a red letter day, in terms of Clean India Campaign. The same is covered in the part 2/2 series of Inputs to Ind. Day Address. Jai Hind ! Jai Bharath !! Vande Mataram !!!
0 0 Sir, PART 1/2: First & foremost….., Independence Day is not just a celebration of Independence / Freedom, but a day to remember the past……as Every Indian owes deepest gratitude to all these FREEDOM FIGHTERS, known or unknown, named or unnamed, Leader or Jawaan, due to whose selfless efforts, INDIA ATTAINED FREEDOM & INDEPENDENCE IN 1947! LET THIS INDEPENDENCE DAY BE SPECIAL, A VERY SPECIAL IN THE MEMORY OF ALL THOSE UNNAMED / UNKNOWN / UNCROWNED “JEWELS” OF OUR NATION! JAI HIND!
0 0 pradhan mantri ji, sir this a very nice step to ask us for our suggestions and sir we are also looking forward for your speech on 15 august. I highly praise this step and also thank you for giving us this oppourtutnity to interact with u
0 0 Dear Sir, Help poverty people by introducing new schemes and we all need to fight against corruption and black money.
1 0 Honorable PM, in the recent Swachh Bharat survey rankings, your constituency,  Varanasi ranks 416 in the list out of 476 cities surveyed. So what do you have to say to the people of your constituency and to the cities which are at the bottom of the list? AND What about the 20,000 Crores allocated to the Namami Gange Scheme?
0 0 Dear Sir,  Please apologize to foreign delegate from BUTAN visited our parliament been presented a insult show to INDIAN PEOPLE. - Gain some respect for country people give some hope to INDIAN DEMOCRACY.
2 0 sir baki kush kary Na kary defence forces ko itna majboot kary ki world ka koi v desh meri maa Bharti ki tarf ankh utha kar Na dekhy aur sir one rank one painsion ka masla v jald hal kary jai hind jai Shree ram harjeetverma791@gmail jila Kathua j&k dhnyawad
1 0 1)How to improve efficiency of human capital in India. 2)How Indians can collectively make India "Sone ki Chidiya". 3)How Indians can lead the world in all aspects of Life.
0 0 "Highlight Creative Insight" the fact that students are running behind jobs and not following their real passion inside.'Engineers and doctors are somebody who get paid' , this misconception should be cleared off frommindset of the young.creativity like arts, music dance fashion should be encouraged Indians follow the concept of bhed chaal me chalna.which is not bringing the best out of the young vibrant minds. Linking ancient roots of creative arts with modern talents can elevate Indians.
0 0 Respected sir sir we all know ,India has to repay $172 billion debt and it still increasing every day , sir a programme should be started in which person who are interested can donate in this programme. this programme should be keep away from any kind of politics and should be transparent so that every one should believe in this programme. sir this money should be used to repay debt to world bank. this is our country we should worry about it
0 0 respected prime minister sir, Meerut was the city where revolt of 1st struggle of independence started and was the place to inspire the whole movement further , we request you to include birth place of India's first struggle of independence in smart city
0 0 2. India accepting to cut down its relation with Iran was fine, given the noble cause! But provided the recent lifting of US sanctions, I completely think there is a need to say sorry, for unintentionally hurting them! Your foreign visits has indeed taken India's global image to unprecedented heights! But this particular deed is best done standing on Indian soil! I'm not asking to say sorry exactly, but an acknowledgment towards the oldest friend who always stood by us. Make us feel independent!
0 0 Problem Of CASTE DISCRIMINATION AND CASTE BASED RESERVATION both can be solved by mean of the INTER-CASTE MARRIAGES so I request you to take steps to Encourage INTER_CASTE MARRIAGES. when we see too different colours we can discriminate them but if mixed together you can not make difference between them.Same is the case with Social problems if we mix them together half of the problem is solved. So please take up this issue On Independence day and this will message will reach every one
0 0 as we can see from long time pension schemes are pending for defense like one rank one pension scheme. Kindly start this scheme as soon as possible because they dying for India for us only. at least provide pension for those who sacrifices their life in terrorist attacks, border securities etc.
0 0 Dear sir, I thing we want you share in your speech that maximally Indian students who studies in Indian Institute of technology are studying on subsidized expenses and after completing their courses they work for India. They work for some other developed countries which is not helping our country. please provoke them to work for India. We are spending around 988 crore in a year for this students. My suggestions subsidized studies will be for them only who will work for India.
0 0 Dear PM, I have two suggestions! 1. Make in India is a wonderful concept! I would like to hear if you have any plans to start a Make for India campaign on similar lines! And I would definitely like to know if you have any  plan to come up with a financial support scheme for young entrepreneurs in India! I would also like to know if our PM wants the youth of this country to contribute to Make in India or rather employed with one of the companies that come to make in India?
0 0 Respected Sir, I feel the term "Independence Day" as an insult to our freedom fighters. By terming 15 August as Independence Day, we are recognizing some other country's achievement rather than our freedom fighters. We should honor our freedom fighters. So I would request you to please consider changing this term from "Independence Day" to "National Day". This will make us feel proud and we will remember their sacrifices rather than some other country's achievement.
0 0 Dear sir, I need to ask to every politicians of India and supreme court of India that in 2015 monsoon satr of parliament Indian government has spended approximately 300 crore and work is almost nil in parliament. Now who will compensate this money which was eared and paid by citizen of India. Just because few corrupt politicians or anti government politicians are sitting in Indian Parliament so they have got right to waste the money.
0 0 We have been spending billions of rupees for development. But all these will be in vein with out people's participation and co operation. Just for example for the success of swatch bharath abhiyan people should also be a part of it by not letting their premises get littered. So the very best way to make a glorious future is by starting from our schools.We should make a socially responsible,politically motivated future generation by restructuring our educational system. #responsiblegeneration
0 0 DEAR SIR, PLEASE DECLARE SETTING UP OF TEACHING/TRAINING INSTITUTES IN INDIA (AND ABROAD) TO GIVE BEST TRAINING TO INDIANS TO GET TOP JOBS(BEST ADMINISTRATORS,BEST DOCTORS ETC.) ACROSS THE WORLD.DECLARE AWARDS TO THOSE SENT HIGHLY INNOVATIVE IDEAS.
0 0 Dear Sir, We stay in a country where we give equal love and respect to Humans, but nothing much is happening towards the strays dogs only that they are being sterilized. Being an animal activist, if there is any initiative that the govt can also look at getting some medical support for them and start their Rabbis Vaccination Program. There can be more awareness in the way we treats them & not hit and beat them. They are also a equal part of the society, but only without words but loads of Love.
0 1 Dear sir, few more suggestions 1. Control and awareness on the usage of pesticides in the agriculture field. 2. Ban, heavy fine and life time imprisonment for people who are behind the poisoning the food, water etc. In India nowadays, any one can sell anything. If one brand banned, they will come with another name. This has to be stopped. 3. Assingn some task to each educational institution based on their level. E.g: a civil engg dept can help in any civil activity of local body per year.
0 0 Dear sir, Our country politics is still running on electricity, water. After independence of approximately 70  years. Their are so many countries in the world who got freedom after us but still they too much develop as compare to India. I would request you to please tell you ministers and MLA's to solve these problem in their working tenure at in their area. Rather giving the speeches in election just to win. every year same thing is happening but no one is solving these problems.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - CONTD. - V SWACHH BHARAT - PROPOSED FUTURE PLAN 1. Special recognition / rewards for sweepers (the key to success) 2. Set up Waste Management Centre of Excellence 3. Set up Waste Management - Renewable energy and Bio-fertilizer plants 4. Making Waste Management and Pollution Control Audit stringent / mandatory for industries 5. Introduction of Waste Management Certification - mandatory for market associations Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Sir i would like to draw your attention towards the type of the Caste discrimination faced by the people in the Public Places,the discrimination my not be the physical one but we still face the Psychological Discrimination even today.One we understand the the pain we go through.So I request you to please take some measure to bring the change in the mental set up of the people.My Suggestion is that you should Encourage people for the "INTER-CASTE MARRIAGES".Only then the Change will come.
0 0 Dear Sir, BPO today is playing a major role in getting employment to a lot of people, but there are a lot of people who do not gets jobs because of Communication skill in English, There are youth who are graduate and yet fail to find jobs because they cannot speak proper English, hence like Teach for India Campaign, if there is any initiative that your Govt. would like to have where More English speaking Programs can be run for Free for people who cannot afford it, & have chance for better life.
0 0 EDUCATION,we students want skilled education.To grab more experience,I want to earn my own bread while studying. After school I want to be independent Citizen. six hours in week for any benificial work for society and some wages or facilities or scholarships.Working is so important to keep us planned,responsible and experienced.To awake sleeping youth it is very important to do any work in their own college,in school or in distt. related to cleanliness or administeration or architectural work.
0 0 RESPECTED MODIJI, NAMASTHE. Please declare a transfer of  outdated(or used) aeroplanes,ships,trucks etc  of armed forces to centre/states for civilian use.Please stablise the price  of medicines and essential commodities.Please launch a scheme to deliver  essential medicines at concessional price  to bed-ridden patients through post offices. sincerely, Raghu.
0 0 Dear sir I would like you to talk about women security.We,Indians are hypocrites when it comes to respecting & protecting women & her dignity.Rape has been such an abundant issue.Women have lost faith in the system.The lust overpowering the men & persistence of men to prove dominance over women is the root problem behind the atrocities towards them.Along with a strong law & order,lets tackle this with a mass awareness drive,counselling for sex offenders to bring positive change in their minds
0 0 Dear Sir, In order to protect the interests of the Farmers, a  permanent and active national and state institution can be created. The already established institution in the national level (National Commission on Farmers) should be strengthened and given active roles in protecting the interests of farming community in the lines of National Human Rights Commission and National Commission for SC, ST, etc. In your speech, if this announcement is made, the farmers will be pleased. Thanks.
0 0 respected sir , namaste i have enclosed my suggestions
0 0 Sir Ji..Namaste..just please say all over India to get independent from castizm. I have read one news today in news paper that 100 families of one religion turn into another because of ignorance due to lower cast. I am a govt employee and I do love a girl from another cast. And I swear I will be more effecient in working if I can marry her. Otherwise I and all people like me will work but not by heart. Only for formality. That will stop India to develop with full speed. Please say to all elders.
0 0 country Jaihind
0 0 to do their duties well and become the role models of society.8.the changes made in land acquisition bill and crop insurance schemes that will boost the confidence of farmers.9 various social security schemes and also create a redressal forum to solve grievances faced by citizens in accessing the schemes.Last not the least India of today is different from  India of yesterdays and so shall it be tomorrow.Today we say that India is my country and tomorrow each Indian shall feel that India is his
0 0 Dear Sir, 'Indigenous Production with Indigenous Technology' is the key for any nations development. And so we should keep this as a motto. 'Make in India' is a good initiative to promote Indigenous Production, but there needs to be done much regarding promoting Indigenous Technology. Kindly bring in new schemes and allocate higher funds for research and development to attract talented youth. In your speech, kindly inspire and motivate youth to take up research. Thanks..
0 0 I would suggest you make a declaration on 15th Aug., that the nation adopts 10 million teenage girls from rural India, once in 3 years, beginning this year. Educate them, empower them, transform them by providing a healthy environment for overall development into excellent powerful personalities with a high degree of learning, exposure and understanding of the problems of rural women. They will soon become agents of change in rural India. They will portray a new resurgent India before the world.
0 0 december.3.Digital India , make in India and skill India and how the common man can benefit and become a part of it.4.problem of terrorism which has become a great destabilizing force and to bring forth the cooperation of each and every citizen to fight this menace .eternal vigilance is the prize of independence.5.Need to conserve energy not only for us but for generations to come.6 urge parents to give focus on education of the girl child. 7.urge public servants to say goodbye to corruption and
1 0 In India we should promote the following 1. Education.  2 medical facility to all 3. Election reforms like any person must only 2 chances to get any post like pm, president, chife minister, governor, MP, mla, etc 3 no more cast and religion based parties 4 One more biggest RESERVATION MUST BE ON ECONOMICAL STATUS NOT CAST 5 CRIMILAYER MUST BE FOLLOWED 6 STRICT LAWS ON TERRORISTS, RAPIST'S , faster PROCESS OF COURT CASE. TIME BOUND VERDICTS.
0 0 Hon'ble PM, On this year's Independence Day speech,kindly mention in your speech about harms of child labour. Please give mention to the problems faced by tribal communities,adivasis and ensure some steps for their development. On the lines of swachh bharat abhiyaan,please start a program to save our rich heritage of flora and fauna. In the name of development ,let no forest area be unnecessarily rooted. Please announce some steps to improve quality of food provided under Mid Day Meal Scheme
3 0 DEAR SIR I WOULD LIKE TO DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TOWARDS MODERNISATION OF INDIAN ARMY UNIFORMS IN ORDER TO INCREASE THEIR EFFICIENCY AND PROTECTION. OUR EQUIPMENTS HAVE BECOME OBSOLETE AND IN ORDER TO ENSURE OUR SOLDIER SECURITY, WE IMMEDIATELY NEED TO UPGRADE OUR ARMY PERSONNEL WITH HIGH TECH INSTRUMENTS. I WANT TO KNOW ABOUT GOVERNMENTS INITIATIVE TOWARDS IT. HEREBY I AM SENDING YOU SOME IMAGES OF ADVANCED MILITARY UNIFORMS.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - SUGGESTIONS - CONTD. IV 1. All India Institute of Yoga Policy & Research be set up 2. Set up a Unified, National Body for Narcotics Management and Control - proposed merger of Narcotics Control Bureau, Central Bureau of Narcotics - holistic view, including manufacturing of pharma drugs of sensitive nature, developing De-addiction units, and raising Special Forces unit and coordination with armed forces and BSF etc. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 1 Respected MODIJI, The powerhouse of our country , i.e. the youth is getting very much attracted towards the western lifestyle and the fast food they consume. Thus I have a humble request for you to give a strong and effective message to the youth to atleast stop consuming those dominos , kfc's and similar unhealthy foods specially responsible for obese and unhealthy INDIA, thereby contributing to economic growth of the country. Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.
0 0 Jai Hind sir You have announced 'digital India'program but where are the IT officers to implement it.Despite having lacs of able computer engineers there are no govt vacancies for computer engineers.there is no JEE post for computer field even no Indian Engineer services exam in computer science. Even the upsc civil service exam syllabus there is optional subject of computer.sir western countries have gone far advanced by recruiting Indian engineers.kindly halt this brain drain.
0 0 Sir Thank you for giving us a wonderful opportunity to share our thoughts on independence day.1.Campaign to make our country free from drugs.2.lets pledge to make our country safe for women "Yatra nayastu pujyante ramante tatra devata" is something that is unique to our culture and civilisation.i wish to mention about Chakkulathukavu Devi Temple in Kerala where women are worshiped as a part of "Nari pooja" which is conducted on the 11th day of malayalam month of dhanu mostly on the 26/27 of
0 0 This year on 15th August the Youth of India could be addressed as they are the greatest resource our country is having.if children are the future, youngsters are our present strength. Requesting you to advise them to keep their calm in the event of crisis or failure; not to be overambitious and  to be very careful in choosing their course and careers; not to disappoint themselves if they couldn't achieve what they desired; ask them to participate in nation building using their energy,new ideas
0 0 Namaste sir Enhanced quality of primary education and overall development of citizens till 18years of age. Health insurance for all with increased public multi speciality hospitals and beds. Life insurance and 3rd party insurance for vehicles. Strict check on panchayats and khaps for having violated their limits. Safety for women and girl child. Rehabilitation of acid attack, suicide and rape victims. Reduction in multiplicity of laws and making layman aware about them. Thank you
0 0 Dear Prime minister Following points I would like to hear in your speech 1. Communal Harmony: It is losing shine in our country .please remind people to acknowledge others religion , culture. 2. Agriculture : How government is introducing Technology in this sector . We are far behind in the sector . How can we improve the condition of our Farmers which are in dire straits . How youth can participate in this process? 3.Primary Education : How can we improve the condition?
1 0 Namaste Sir I would be short and crisp 1-independence to women in rights to choose her groom, be independent and come out of marriage with dignity. Vocations for single mothers to raise kids. 2- independence for ourelders with Old age homes with volunteers working in their sewa. 3- independence with toilets for everyone and not just women.Penalty  for littering in public. 4- independence to breathe fresh air with strict ban on public smoking and adherence to it. Thank you
0 0 System of File Movement In the govt. office file movement delays.Due to this revenue to the Govt.& Applicant delays.The concerned official person responsible for the file movement should be given limited time (mx 3days) to move the file forward. In case, if he fails to do so then he should give the reason of delay (in red ink) in writing on the notesheet before executing the work on the file further. This will make him more responsible towards his job which will be more beneficial for the govt.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES YOUTHS to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the EDUCATED PEOPLE choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population REDUCES as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 continuation 4.prolong & Procrastination [issue -personal,public,industrial & agricultural] need a research It cause social system of stress [exploitation, in human activities ] zamindari system -reflects some places my suggestion from D.shyamala Ph.D if you feel its wrong invalid it
0 0 Well regarding the land bill. Can we create a portal where farmers can post their land information if they want to sell and get twice to thrice the price compared to that on market. The industrialists can see the lands available and if they like any they can submit interest. The buying and selling of land should be done through the government only. This way we can protect the farmer from any kind of forceful takeover of his land and if needed government can give subsidy to buyers or bid the land
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 In rural areas banks are not viable but same bank branch can run from 2 - 3 villages within few kilometers with same manpower.This will make Bank brach viable in the same way as daily big markets are  not viable in rural areas whereas weekly haats are viable.In this way large population may be served by banks.
0 0 govt should not deny from its duties local governance converted into social governance lack of implementation process 1.highly improper implementations,2. no proper implementations power & efficiency 1 refer misuse of power  2 refer is inefficiency foreg. mayor's misuse of power turns into corporation commissioner in efficiency reasons [1.worst handling of decentralization process,2. materialistic force & political force 3.no proper monitoring and rectification process 4. Prolong and proc
0 0 NAMASTE,ON 15TH PLEASE TALK ON OUR GREAT SANADHANA DHARMA.WHICH IS THE ONLY WAY WE CAN GIVE PEACE TO WORLD.
0 0 Prime minister Modiji, It would be difficult to realise Swami Vivekananda Dream, without working on - 1.Reducing the number of political parties 2.Stopping building of religious monuments. 3.Reservations 4.Obstructing development for opportunism & selfish motives.5. Restricting the politicians interference in every field 6.Reducing litigation & Restricting unnecessary harassment to honest citizens. Every law is misinterpreted &, misused Ex. RTI is widely misused-selfishmotivmotive,political gain
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, introduce "TOURIST CITY" concept in almost all major location including North East Region. #PM #IncredibleIndia #IndependenceDay Thanking you http://bijitdutta.com/
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, My Humble suggestion to you is that, Please talk about 'Health'. Make health a fundamental right, our country cannot become a superpower unless and until we ensure the health of its people. Increase the public spending on Health.Like ALL India Administrative Service, we should have a All India Medical Service, We have to focus on the primary health care delivery of the country.We have to reduce the out of pocket Expenditure of people.Spend on Health it is an Investment
0 0 Sir I would like to suggest some points on which I would like MY PM to speak.They are (1) Achievements of swatch bharat abhiyaan.(2) Achievements of MAKE IN INDIA.(3) Usefulness of NEW LAND ACQUISITION BILL its benefits and Usefulness.(4)Terrorists entering my MOTHER land (5)  Next upcoming plans of government. (6)  Progress of Indian economy and Indian markrt.THANK YOU SIR FOR LETTING ME EXPRESS MY VIEWS AND GIVE SUGGESTIONS.    JAI HIND!!!!
0 0 Come 68th Independence Day celebration,it's my humble request to not talk about any particular government that didn't live up to the expectations of its source of power and thereby engage in petty political tactics with an aim to undermine the opposition but rather the focus should be on the state as an entity which fought a peaceful means to achieve self rule and triumphed despite all odds.The fraternity and secular fabric has to be kept intact for India to become a superpower of 21st century.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 Respected Sir, My humble suggestions are added as a PDF file.
1 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
1 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 Hon'ble PM Ji, Good Evening, My Request / Opinion is to make Compulsory the Number Plate and Name & Photo of Taxi Drivers inside the Vehicle  throughout INDIA Compuslsory So that any Female can Click and Whats app Registration Number with  Name & Photo of Taxi Drivers Number which will make their Journey Safe as Driver will know his Taxi Number and Photo is taken by Passenger and shared with Passenger family and Friends. Thanks and Regards, Ajay Luthra
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 Respected sir, I'd like to request you to give a speech to make aware the people of the air pollution caused urban cities. In each educated home if there are 4 members in the family, there will be atleast 3 vehicles in that home.1 for the husband,another 1 for the wife and the other for their college going child. If this happens in every home what will be the condition of the people residing in that city.Because if this reason air pollution is increasing day-to-day only in urban areas.
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, Due to lack of Job Opportunities in states , nuclear Families are increasing. We have to live outside far from our Parents. Our parents miss their Grand sons, Grand Daughters. There is a huge difference between the generation , will be harmful for future.Coming generation not aware about their Grand Parents, the transmission of Culture from one Generation to Next Generation is Blocked. Please Look into this.
0 0 Hello Sir, I am an electronics engineer. Currently, in our country there are a lot people like who seeks job in their core domain. But due to very less job opportunities in the field of electronics, we either have to shift to other domain or we are unemployed. So kindly show some light on your plans to revive the electronics industry in India. Instead of importing electronic good items, when would we start making them in our own country, so that we good job opportunities.
0 0 Hello Modi Ji, A lot of engineering students passes out in year 2013, But because of poor market condition IT companies didn't do sufficient recruitment to absorb those people. Can we have a fresh recruitment for those people who were not able to get job at that time. I don't see companies recruiting those people as 2 years have already passed. That will be great help. Thanks Kumar Rajeev
2 0 #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov It’s painful to say that the first thing which our country should have done after independence was to change the name back to Bharath. Mr. Prime Minister, this 69th Independence Day 15’ August, 2015, let’s create history and throw away the symbol of slavery. The generations would remember you for the Prime Minister who had the vision for this important rectification. धन्यवाद जय हिन्द
1 0 Hello Modi Ji, We see a lot of people from Bihar and Jharkhand working in IT sectors outside their state because we lack that opportunity in our state. Can't we request IT companies like Infosys,TCS and Wipro to open in these states. This will stop the migration of people to other states and a healthy population will be there in a particular state. People there will also get chance to stay with their parents in old age. Thanks Kumar Rajeev
1 0 Time bound redressal of public grievances and public service delivery shall facilitate true citizen charter for real democracy.
0 0 Dear Sir, It would be better if you highlight the fact that should India move ahead in leaps and bounds, each and every India must rise above the region, religion, caste and creed, forget political differences and must consider only India First. In this materialistic age, in India, Individualism has taken precedence over Nation. It must only the Nation First and Nation Last.
0 0 I am from Aurangabad ,Maharashtra ------ NACHIKET SATBHAI
1 0 We ought to have indian teaching services on the line of indian civil services. Further the minimum age of sitting in the examination of indian civil services must be made 30 years. The benefits are many. There should be no upper age limit. This will provide a prior experienced servant and will give a motivated servant. For aspirants you will have a fair job which you can cherish even if you are not through. Regards
1 0 Respected PM, I Nachiket Satbhai , studiying in 11 th std want to suggest that " our country worldwide is known as INDIA where its original name is BHARAT . as well as wea peple are known as INDIANS not BHARTIYAS . " I want you to officially declare our countrys name as BHARAT on the upcoming  Independance day . Yours truely, Nachiket Satbhai
0 0 Namo namay, few points must be read. 1.Give youth their right by giving them jobs by reducing retirement age and ban on reemployment and extension type policies.Must do for 65% youth. 2.Make military service compulsory for every one according to age, physical strength, interest.By this sense of patriotism will develop which is at fackfoot in my country Bharat. 3.Announce pay commission from red fort. 4.Control on media is must. Negative image of country is projected by postitutes.Do it.
0 0 As an engineer in  the tech field it very sad to see India producing millions of non-employable engineers every year. As a software engineer i found out that all the students out there know about programming but they do  not know is how to start a project. They lack a lot of project management skills. And Its very important for every college and university to have a open source projects at the university levels with a full time project manager who can help them with first hand knowledge.
0 0 Sir, School education up to 12th should be with government through out nation. No private schools. Provide exclusive buses to all schools. Make compulsory military training for one year to first year college students.
0 0 Hi sir, We want to join all the rivers in india together. From only we make our Green india. kindly take the necessary steps for that.
1 0 Respected sir, aapka skill development baut achcha programme h. india ko baut jarurat h. par abhi tak jyada kaam nahi dikha raha h. skill development ki shuruwat gaon se hona chahiye. skilled logo ki jarurat desh ki maang h.skill dev agar kaam mistri, painter, electrician, plumber, bahut sare logo ki jarurat h. lifestyle bhi change hogi.
0 0 Talk about the farmers of India and find solution for problems faced by them,bringing back the black money,warn about the terrorist attacks.
0 0 Sir my suggestion is about scholarship to poor student of general category. To science students its amount is 80000 p.a. Then what is of others who are not of science studies. My scholarship amounts to 10000 rs. which is not sufficient for us. Please do something in this regard.
0 0 Dear Sir , Other than MAN KI BAAT which is one way communication, please start interactive two way discussion on real time basis with the YOUTH OF INDIA on fortnightly basis through electronic means ,this practice can transform INDIA. PLEASE START THIS ON 15th AUGUST 2015.
0 0 Health & Wealth: but one without the other: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/health-wealth-one-without-other-dr-venkat...
0 0 Minute things but they make the change alot...OUR INDIAN YOUTH is becoming physically weak due to our food habits can't we change our food habits to give a healthy generations for the future India?
0 0 Comman man should definitely realise their sacrifices. And also Sir plz do mention about our Woman empowerment in our country if required new laws new benefits for them because their are contributing immense to our nation. We should be thankful to them.
0 0 Respected sir, I'd like to request you to give a speech to make aware the people of the air pollution caused urban cities. In each educated home if there are 4 members in the family, there will be atleast 3 vehicles in that home.1 for the husband,another 1 for the wife and the other for their college going child. If this happens in every home what will be the condition of the people residing in that city.Because if this reason air pollution is increasing day-to-day only in urban areas.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
1 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 Since 14th August 1947 Pakistan has waste their energy, money to destroy India. If they want to compete India, their are so many options are left likewise Mission Mars, Achieve Medals In International Sports, Technology. Tourism. We have to change the mentality of Pakistan. They are talented,dedicated,hard working person. SUPPOSE if they use these qualities for CHAK DE PAKISTAN. Then just imagine what will be the future of South Asia.
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Mind and heart and their perceptions and hence it will help in growth and development of our nation. Our JAWANS(OUR SOLDEIRS) sacrifice should not go waste each of our JAWANS lives Counts. Could you plz add this in your speech.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 Dear Sir, Make it mandatory for every COMPANY to generate it's 40% of Power consumption through SOLAR / WIND or ANY OTHER ALTERNATIVE MEANS.
0 0 Hello Respected Sir iam Naren from Hyderabad On independence day suggestions i just want to add from my side that- Every year we see Many of our JAWANS sacrificing their lives for our nation and protecting our people. But the comman man is unaware of this i think many of us dont even hear any such news. what i want to do is to let each and every corner of the country, city and states may have our JAWANS Names pictures or posters. Because this will make great impact in our peoples
0 0 As we are making power plants etc. in 500-600 acres. Is it not possible to make a shelter in 500 acres for elderly persons and foundlings at a single place  so that requirement of both of having a family and guardian resp. can be fulfilled.
0 0 #PM I would also like to hear why as a country we were not able to work towards zeroing adulterated food. why no strong body to check what we eat. One government app to take birth certificate to any government document.
0 0 Six-pack program to revitalize the nation once again and once for all: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/six-pack-program-revitalize-nation-dr-ven...
0 0 just get my letter dated 05/05/2015, delivered at P M O on 07/08/2015 I have send important suggestions and points through detailed letter. thanks. Regards.
0 0 Dear #PM sahib. I am a student. Being a male student and that too without a quota is pretty difficult these days. There are so many top institutions in which we don't get admission, just because of some other SC/ST/OBC candidate who is more well off financially but is far behind in academics than most of the general students are. You have a plan for a skill based India, but the reservation system that prevails has many flaws in it and does more harm to the general candidates
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Its a great platform you have provided to the common public, so that they can share their views and feel that they are heard. I also wanted to capitalize on this opportunity to share one of my ideas. Details are present in the attached PDF. Best Regards, Snehi C Tiwari Senior Consultant (IT) Bangalore
0 0 We study diligently for competitive exams, later realizing that the seat that we sweat for day and night is taken by a student who did not even score half the marks that we did. The system needs a change. Reservations based on caste are creating further alienations.This is not the equality our constitution proposes. Please find time to read this and ponder upon the harms that this system is creating. We need a meritorious India, not and India in the shambles of the quota system.
0 0 Dear Modi sir, We want to hear what is your plans in creating a transparent government/ corrupt free government offices. I want to hear concrete steps taken to address farmer issues, my dad and brother have left there good jobs to pursue agricultre and I want to know how can my brother make a career out of agriculture, how do we make agriculture also an industry where people participate like any other manufacturing industry or tech industry.
0 0 Dear Sir, JUSTICE DELAYED IS JUSTICE DENIED :Please do something to resolve the time delays which is happening in all the courts .I suggest that make judges accountable for timely clearance of the cases and some portion of the salary to be linked with the performance on timelines. They are responsible citizen of INDIA so they must take this responsibility.The entire WORLD is making mockery of us for the delays in JUSTICE.
0 0 1Today’s progress, development and governance of the country depends on science and scientific backstopping. 2.	A Blue Revolution to be realized through a separate Ministry of Fisheries for food, livelihood security and a renewable energy development in the country. PM spoke about it in the last Independence day address but did not implement. 3.	Environmental laws pertaining to conservation of aquatic animals, water pollution and cleaning of rivers maid thorough revision by concerned expert.
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
1 0 On the one hand there is unemployment in country and on the other hand various government posts are vacant and works are at snail pace due to shortage of human resource.Even judiciary is in peril. Please fill all the vacancy at earliest and make working fast.
0 0 Is it not possible to operate a train one from each state on the lines of Rajdhani Express but with all sleeper coaches having facilities of catering,besdsheets etc. that are given in Rajdhani Express with a price higher than superfast trains say 30% more than those so that dreams of poor and disadvantaged people who do not have means to afford higher prices of Rajdhani Exp. can fulfill their desire.It will be a advantage for general people especially farmers.
0 0 Sir, I strongly feel that growing population is cause of many problems faced by our nation. Family planning program has been awfully neglected by the previous govt. during last 35yrs. I am quite sure that same filling is haurbered by majority of our country man. I am 68yrs old, older then u has retired from U.P. Medical n health services, I will consider it fruitful in regard to the nation service if family planning program gets representation in your speech even for few seconds only.
0 0 honorable sir, aap is Independence Day ar malnutrition par kuch bole,
0 0 More people should fly the tricolour in our country - outside shops, on offices and rooftops. For example, here in America many fly the American flag on top of the buildings. We do not see the tricolour in India that often, but when more people mount the tricolour on their properties it will bring patriotism in all that see it and encourage them to make a better India. It will remind all not to pollute, etc. Seeing the flag everywhere will unite all and symbolise what we represent as a country.
0 0 my suggestion to pradhan sewak ji.
0 0 Speak on the Glorification of Terrorist and Terrorism based on Religion and Pseudo Secularism.And say don't question Judiciary because it is my government,Atleast Respect Judiciary to maintain the Sovereignty,Safety,Peace and Integrity of this land
0 0 PLEASE READ IT sir.i am big supporter of urs.i was doing campaigning for u in loksabha election also.i am son of farmer,and employee of central govt. in banking sector,but as a son of farmer its my request to u that on this independance day please talk about mainly about FARMERS and Agriculture sector.because indian economy is mainly depend on agriculture.so please think on it,and please try to declare something new for our Farmers.and please try to work on it immediately.thank you sir Like
1 0 Respected PMO Modiji, After watching IndiaTV and PAK news its our humble request to cancel NSA talks, since PAK has put conditions, we should not accept based on their conditions which will affect the election as PAK is working with some Indian inner forces to bring GOI down..Please postpone till they accept our conditions THANKS Hindustanse Dr. Patel
0 0 I feel that after 68 years of Independence, India should now formulate plans to take care of homeless Indians on the street. This may be done with the cooperation of the State Governments. This should form a part of the developed India.
0 0 PLEASE READ IT sir..i am big supporter of urs.i was doing campaigning for u in loksabha election also.i am son of farmer,and employee of central govt. in banking sector,but as a son of farmer its my request to u that on this independance day please talk about mainly about FARMERS and Agriculture sector.because indian economy is mainly depend on agriculture.so please think on it,,and please try to declare something new for our Farmers..and please try to work on it immediately.thank you sir
0 0 1. Terrorism - We know a war will affect country growth and economy, but how are we protecting our motherland from the intruders 2. Water issues - A big concern now and in future. 3. Safety of Women - Lawbreakers should be punished in such a way tat people will never ever think of pestering a women 4. Is Kalam's 2020 vision possible. This will be a Star rating in your Report Card Sir and INDIA will thank u for tat. 5. Strict Traffic rule which will help road safety 6. CORRUPTION free India
0 0 RESPECTED SIR I AM PRIMARY MEMBER OF BJP AND ALSO AN INDIAN WHO HAVE LOTS OF FAITH IN BJP AND BJP GOVERNMENT BUT MEDIA CREATING HAVOC AMONG PEOPLE THAT OUR PM SHOULDER IS NOT SO STRONG TO CARRY INDIAN HOPE IT IS MY REQUEST PLS GIVE CLEAR MESSAGE TO NATION THAT YOUR GOVERNMENT IS ABLE TO DO ANY THING WHICH IS ESSENTIAL FOR BETTERMENT OF INDIA
0 0 Is't this policy paralysis to our education system?
1 0 We Indians are adverse to selling and branding skills.Imbibe these skills through early stage in syllabus,local seminars,cultural and business expo in locality. 1.Heritage of India and unique cultural and local foods should be sell worldwide. 2.Fun and Food festivals should be organised more often in each blocks. 3.Super Mom cum best cook should be awarded by Govt.
0 0 Potable water is hard to find and send to different rural areas. Combination filters reduce alkalinity and total dissolved solids (TDS) to make it usable for irrigation and washing purposes. Deriving to environment friendly rural empowerment with a strong focus on MAKE IN INDIA, this development of new technology and rural water harvesting will lead to water management "jal hai to kal hai" #PM #15thAugust #MyGov #water #SaveTheWater
0 0 Dear Sir, Please ban cigerate and liquior in India. Please also control rapes and molestation with separate force and courts in each districts. The last one is controlling the spead in NH and city roads.
0 0 Dear sir, I've the following suggestions 1. In the memory of Dr. Kalam please announce the naming of an Aircraft Carrier after him. INS Kalam on the high seas would strike fear in the hearts of our enemies and inspire confidence among citizens, as Dr. Kalam himself did! 2. Please announce an WOMAN FOR SCIENCE initiative to encourage more girls to take up Science and Research, starting at school level. We cannot be leaders in Technology with such poor proportion of women in the field. Regards
0 0 Respected Sir you are a great person sir in our country why religious discrimination.India is a secular country, I am from kerala.In Kerala the education system minorities like muslims have more than 19 scholarship and hindus 2 or 3 Other is entrance examination minorities have cut off mark why sir ? it's not give to caste it's give to poor it will lead to development of country
0 0 WE HAVE TO CREATE A WEBSITE FOR REGISTRATION: FIRST GO TO ONLINE JEEVANJYOTI SITE (WHICH IS ALREADY LINKED WITH AADHAR SITE OR CREATE A LOGIN WINDOW) – FILL YOUR AADHAR NUMBER – CHECK YOURSELF PERSONAL DETAILS --- GIVE ONE MOBILE NUMBER FOR OTP – FILL OTP & COMPLETE YOURSELF REGISTRATION FOR AS A DONOR.
0 0 EVERY TIME WHO IS UNEMPLOYED, ALL THOSE PERSON WILL DEFINITELY REGISTERED IN THIS PROGAMME. ALL THE REGISTERED PERSON WILL BE LINKED WITH AADHAR CARD AND THE TIME OF GETTING FACILITY THE AADHAR CARD NUMBER HAVE TO ENTERED FOR EASY VERIFICATION AND GETTING THE BENEFIT OF THIS PROGARAMME. LIKE THISWE HAVE TO CREATE A WEBSITE FOR REGISTRATION: FIRST GO TO ONLINE JEEVANJYOTI SITE (WHICH IS ALREADY LINKED WITH AADHAR SITE OR CREATE A LOGIN WINDOW) – FILL YOUR AADHAR NUMBER – CHECK YOURSELF PERSONAL
0 0 Announce to stop 1000 Rs and 500 Rs for reducing black money and bribe. people will use cheque or 100 rs for this purpose.
0 0 IN THIS PROGRAMMED, ONE CAN VOLUNTEERS FOR DONATIONS OF THEIR ORGANS. ALL THE DONORS WILL BE LIKED WITH AADHAR CARDS NUMBER FOR EASILY TRACED FOR DETAILS OF REQUIRED IT WHEN THEY NEEDY OF DONORS/RECEIVERS’. THUS WE KNOW WE INDIAN CAN DO ANYTHING WITHOUT GETTING ANY BENEFIT SO ALL THE REGISTERED DONORS IN THIS PROGRAMME WILL GET SOME % OF BENEFITED BY GOVT SERVICES EXAMPLE ….IF A GOVT SERVANT/PRIVATE EMPLOYEE WILL GET SOME % OF ONE TIME INCREMENT OR 2% CONCESSION IN RAILWAY TICKETS EVERY TIME WHO
0 0 JAI HIND ..SIR, THIS IS MY HUMBLE REQUEST TO ANNOUNCE A NEW PROGRAMME NAMED “JEEVANJYOTI”. IT WILL BE BASED ON HUMAN ORGANS DONATIONS, THOUGH IS ALREADY INFORCE, BUT NOT EFFECTIVELY AMONG THE INDIANS DUE TO SO MANY REASONS. GIVING U A SIMPLE EXAMPLE OF IT ….AN INDIAN BLIND WAITED HIS WHOLE LIFE FOR EYE DONORS BUT RESULT….. IN THIS PROGRAMMED, ONE CAN VOLUNTEERS FOR DONATIONS OF THEIR ORGANS. ALL THE DONORS WILL BE LIKED WITH AADHAR CARDS NUMBER FOR EASILY TRACED FOR DETAILS OF REQ
0 0 Dear sir, I would like to suggest my idea of bringing all of the Police forces under the control of The President as it is in case of the armed forces i.e Army, Navy and Air Force. This will minimise cases of corruption, influence of political leaders, businessmen on cases and their investigation. I will be more than pleased if you consider my idea and give it a thought. Thank you.
0 0 sir u had going for digitilason of gov its good but without basic eminities in whole india its possible. like electricity etc. sir pls give some advice to uyouth not to waste thier time in whatsup and f b and pron sites as its kill skill and make them idiot. and damage the image of country with crime and rapes etc use the technology in rigth way and not in this type of sites
1 0 1.Do best to control population.Encourage small family by extra monetary and welfare assistance. 2.Discourage Big family by banning from Government job
0 0 Control Rising "Population" & it'll solve most problems.
0 0 Dear Sir As we all know APJ Kalam sir is no more with us but We can make him immortal with all little things we have,Recently he launched Rashtriya Avishkar Abhiyan on 9 july 2015 by HRD Ministry,Please rename it on his name as Kalam Avishkar Abhiyan,will be small tribute for his all his wonderful Invention's for our MotherLand,It will be a honor for me as an common citizen of India also if you listen to my feedback and to do it as I am not powerful to reach you. Thanks and Regards.Jai hind.
0 0 Basic 3 Sectors that impacts an economy - Education Heath & medicare facilities Employment Solution to all three - Control population Control pollution Control corruption India is estimated to cross china & will become most populous country of the world which itself gives rise to all other basic problems that an economy faces . So control of population should be the prime focus in coming years .
0 0 Respected Sir AAP SE JYADA NA BOL KAR ITNA KEHNA CHAHTA HU KE DESH KE BARE MEIN TO SABHI BOLTE HAI PAR AAP 15th Aug KO APNI LIFE KI EK ESI BAAT BTAIYE JIS SE LOGO KO SAHI RAH PAR CHALNE KI SIKH MIL SAKE. THANKS SIR
1 0 1.Please connect all police stations,post offices and other government offices on-line and under CCTV surveillance. 2.Regular physical and mental tests should be conducted of those officers. 3.Give them handsome salary according to their performance and make them modern with latest weapons and IT tools.
0 0 sir as in rajya sabha and lok sabha now a days working was distrubed and for that also they are going to get salary instaed of peanalising so pls do the need full in interest of the country to penalise them instated of giving seating amount to them. now days susbsidy issue is going on for canteen in rajya and lok sabha for that to MPS no subsidies food shold be proveded.only the other staff take advantage of the same.
0 0 Respected sir i want to say that when will be the post of teachers in Haryana Government Schools will be field with well qualified teachers as now a days there is nearly 50% posts of teachers are lying vacant in Government school, and poor students are suffering a lot
1 0 1.Please make  realtime online database of FCI and PDS stocks across all country. 2.Wastage and processing loss should be directly liable to officer in charge. 3.Audit and scrutiny should consider views of civilians,BPL holders by the CAG. 4.
0 0 Declare tourism as a tool for development. Give higher support for tourism in international financing for development flows to maximize the sector's contribution to sustainable development across the nation. Thanking you http://bijitdutta.com/
0 0 India is a nation of about 125 crore people but it has not shown any remarkable performance in Olympics games,world athletics , world swimming championship and international meets for various games and sports.India second most populated country in the world has secure 55th position in london Olympics. The major reason is the lack of facilities. There are very few schools and collages which have adequate facilities for any sports.
0 0 Sir, i want to say that when will the poor government school children of rural area will get the benefit of SC reservation as now a days only the rich well established students who are studying in urban area private / convent  schools are getting benefit of SC reservation.
0 0 #15thAugust Dear Modiji,during our freedom struggle freedom fighters accross the country from tribals to jats,revolutionary to satyagrahis,peasants to students fought against the mighty british rule for only one cause "Make mother India Independent".There are hundreds of places where great leaders born & people sacrifices for our motherland.We need to recognige these places as a tourist & cultural spots.This will integrate & inspire all of us.Also it will generate employments.Jai Hind!
0 0 Respected sir and honable prime minister of India...first I wish u all the best for taking lead and responsibility of development of our contry....myself Sunil P Biradar an agriculture graduate and presently I m doing post graduation from IARI New Delhi...i would like to request to take a issue of " population explosion in India" and its impact on society and standard of living and control....because population explotion  is the mother of all problems in India...namely the poverty, unemployment.
0 0 Sir, I want you have to discuss on removel of all reservation in public meeting. Give right place to right person as per his skill and capability.all soldiers are bodyguard of our nation.praise them to give them some gift.encourage them to die for their netion.
0 0 Most Respected PM Sir, Attached herewith are few humble suggestions. Hope you shed light on few of them.
0 0 DEAR MY PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA SIR MAI APKE SAMNE KUCH BAAT SHARE KARNA CHAHTA HU JISSE AAP 15th AUGUST KO LOGO KE SAMNE RAKH SAKTE KAI 1. SIR MAINE KUCH PAHLE LOGO KE MAN MAI SAMPARDAYIKTA KA ZEHER GHULTE DEKHA JO DHIRE-DHIRE BADTA JA RHA HAI. SIR LOGO KO THODA YE BTANE KI JARURAT HAI KE YE DESH KISSI DHARM KA NHI BALKI HAR BHARTIYE KA HAI. SIR AAP ISS VISHAY MAI LOGO KO THODA JAGRUK KAR SAKTE HAI KI VE ISS SAMPARDAYIKTA KO BADAVA NA DE. THANKU
0 0 Please start Surya Missile Programme for Indian armed forces which range from 12000km to 18000km.Also announced Indian Rail connectivity from India to Nepal and Bhutan,Bangladesh up to Myanmar in future a strategic gain over china.  Connect India and Sri Lanka by road and Rail connectivity.In my village-Belsara road condition is very poor,please recommend to Government officers to improve road and transportation system in rural area. Also increase width of chicken neck(Siliguri corridor).
0 0 DEAR MY PRIMR MINISTER OF INDIA SIR MAINE DESH KE BARE MAI SOCHTE HUE KUCH BAATO PAR DHYAN DIYA JISSE MAI AAPKE SATH SHARE KARNA CHAHTA HU. 1. SIR AAJ DESH BHAR MAI LOGO KE MAN MAI EK KADVAHT KA ZEHER GHUL RHA HAI JO SAMPARDAYIKTA KO BADHAVA DETA. SIR SHAYD MAI YE SOCHTA HU KI AGAR AAP LOGO KO 15th AUGUST KE DIN ISS BAAT KO UNKE KE SAMNE RAKHE TO SHAYD UNHE MAN MAI THODA PYAR OR SHANTI PANPE KYU PICHLE KUCH DINO MAI SAMPARDAYIKTA JAISY KAI KHABRE SAMNE AYI JISSEY DESH KE AMAN PAR ASAR PADA HAI.
0 0 ‘Make in India’ is not only for develop country in industrial field but also making a new world here for us, for our next generations. And it’s time to be ‘Vishwaguru’ again.
0 0 Recently when I was reading my political science book of 10 class, I was shocked to see that India is at the bottom in terms of participation of women in the national assembly.So, i would like to know your take on women's reservation bill that has been in parliament for so many years.
0 0 Dear Pradhan Sevak, Please make music compulsory in primary school. Music is a great leveller & will unite people across caste and religion. Music can reach into our senses where yoga cannot. Whereas yoga is seen, unfairly, as a religious tool, Music will have no such disadvantage. Sa Re Ga Ma or Do Re Me would be one and the same for our soul. No religious fanatic can accuse you of partisan treatment. Above all music is such a healer of soul. Please consider my request.
0 0 Dear Prime minister, Let us pledge to build one own home for every underprivileged family by any sort of special schemes where a genuine individual after through verification will be entitled to have a loan package for a decent housing with basic amenities like water,power,especially toilets pledging the property in any of the nationalized bank without any submission of IT papers since many have no IT in our country.By doing so we empower our women courage to handle life peacefully.
0 0 Hi Modi Ji, Since country is facing lots of issue related to women being molested and getting raped, I request to ask country to respect women and i want you to request tem with the following line from one famous song. EKTA SWATANTRATA, SAMAANATA RAHE, DESH MEIN CHARITRAAAA KI MAHANTA RAHE... much love PM Shamboo nath mishra..
0 0 1) Throw a technology challenge to our technocrats and techies on how to control harmful Internet content. Let them come up with workable solutions 2) Just like Union and Railway budget, make every govt. dept. like Education, Home, Law etc. to give a annual status report in parliament. Make our officers produce these with plan, action, outcome etc. 3) Save our forests and farm lands. Its the only real wealth we have and beware mainly villagers vote. 4) Forget controversies, focus on Development.
0 0 The First SAMASTHAN Which merged with the Independent India is Pudukkottai SAMASTHAN in 03.03.1948. Iron man Sardar VALLABHAI PATEL was instrumental in the merger and hence a STATUE of the Leader has to be erected in the District.
0 0 In the light of the facts set out above, we the general public of Pudukkottai  District once again kindly request the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India  for setting up the AIIMS in Pudukkottai District in preference to all the  other Districts   recommended by the Government of Tamilnadu.  We hope, this will go a long way in    upbringing the District on par with all other developed Districts of Tamilnadu.  For this   act of kindness, we the people of Pudukkottai Di
0 0 #PM; Sir I am from Udhampur (Jammu). Sir in just 10days of August we lost our 7 soldier. If our soldier with weapons are not safe then how we people. We are still hostile to terrorism so sir on this Independence we want pledge from your side when we get our real freedom without any fear
0 0 people of Pudukkottai goes to nearby city like Madurai, Thanjavur, Trichy, Chennai for their Intensive Medical Treatments. Some of the patient died during travel to hospitals situated in those cities.
0 0 India’s first women doctor,  Padma Bhushan (1956)Dr. MUTHU LAKSHMI REDDY belongs to this district but till date, there is no medical college in this district.  She was instrumental in establishing the cancer institute in Adayar Chennai spreading its name and fame in the whole of Asia and other countries. The Government of Tamil Nadu has also named a Scheme after her  sanctioning of Rs.12,000/- for Maternity Benefits.
0 0 Sir, Recently you have announced that “AIIMS” will be started in Tamilnadu. It will be, befitting tribute to start it in Pudukkottai, the birth place of  Dr. MUTHU LAKSHMI REDDY, an icon of female emancipation, our district holds lots of potential to become a front ranked district, with the coming of institutions like “AIIMS”.
0 0 Please save India’s dominance in IT by setting up an institution which provides impetus, policies, guidance, and governance for developing, fostering, adopting latest IT & ITES trends. India IT is still focused on tabular and program based system development & support. Now we are in the era of cognitive computing, there are signs showing we are lagging behind. Solutions under Digital India are obvious systems. Need to take it to next step else we will be pushed back by many steps.
0 0 Respectable Modi Ji, The word Independent should give our people real independence from all the fields like medicine, education, water scarcity. The role of generic medicine in India is only negligible. It should be increased. Generic medicine should be made available to all the people in India to reduce the death rates. More efforts should be taken to make availability of generic medicines.Organic farming should be brought back as a way of paying tribute to Dr.Kalam as it was his last wish.
0 0 I feel the social changes thought about by you can be implemented if we can identify the change-agents in our society. These are mostly low-profile apolitical common people. You have thought about Swatch Bharat. Lets quickly find out the persons who contributed immensely in its   implementation, not the Dekhawa nehi type. Please announce their names. It will encourage them & others to come forward.
0 0 Every primary school should hava a computer for digital india
0 0 On the day of Independence,as a citizen of INDIA would like PM sir to establish respect to women all over the country.Sir,I am really tired of reading newspapers daily with news of man assaulting woman or gang rape or a child being molested.We women are not products or something to be regarded as bread or meat(In Nirbhaya documentary a lawyer has compared women as a piece of bread).Indian people are known to respect women and are given certain values.But that was past.IamafraidofdfutureofmyINDIA
0 0 Patriotic mindset is the need of time. Patriotism for the motherland is the only unending fuel which keeps oneself recharged to perform the best for the country, whether it is Clean, Green, Skill or Incredible India. Unity and integrity is the best tool to remain strong in the toughest tides.
0 0 Dear  Prime minister ,Without people participation and awarness no movement or goverment can make any difference,Please urge people to come out of their daily routine and be a part of the change they want to see.
0 0 Modi Ji please talk about upliftment of minorities in India. There are various programmes,privileges and schemes for the minorities, but they are of no use if they do not reach the common man via various sources. Urge you to kindly find ways and speak about the various sources/ways the common man especially the minorities come to know regarding these programs,privileges and schemes.
0 0 I am an asthma patient in Cochin, Kerala suffering like hell for last 3 years because my neighbours burn firewood for cooking OUTSIDE their homes. Their houses remain clean and I am almost dying of asphyxiation as all the smoke comes into my house - one of them even has LPG connection in his house. Modiji, please ban cooking with firewood OUTSIDE people's houses. I complained to Corporation of Cochin for last 3 years but no action has been taken (last complaint Ref. No. 24544 dt. 15.7.2015)
0 0 send a firm message from red fort to all people who involve in the terrorist activities that india & indian will never support their activities,India is land for love,education,development labour not for terrorist activities.Jai Hind Happy independence day to all.
0 0 During SSC CGL exam many candidates were unable to give exam due to question paper shortage. Please say atleast 2 line on this topic. Our Respected Narendra Modi Ji is very popular among youth. Will Modi ji hear our problem and find permanent solution for SSC? So that SSC exams can be conducted smoothly in future.
0 0 #PM, #IndependenceDay: Net neutrality is nothing but data socialism. It should be maintained as it is. But it can be effectively used to reduce crimes against women. The speed of every porn website has to be lowered regularly. Government has to give strict instructions regarding this to internet service providers. If India adopts this suggestion, it could be a milestone in social development. Neutrality is not applicable to services affecting national security and integration.
0 0 #PM #IndependenceDay #15thAugust #MyGov sir please introduce the "Rashtriya krishi vikas yojana" a comprehensive program for improving agriculture in a modern technological way,improving yield,crop quality,focusing on coconut,rubber,tapiocca,pepper,cardamom,banannaetc.and i also suggest the introduction of a new plan in improving vegetable and fruits free of pesticides.jai hind
0 0 Dear PM ji You raised Road Safety issue in Mann Ki Baat which was so touching. Humble request from humble citizen is please reiterate this message to all citizens to drive in a human way so that we do not lose wonderfully talented lives to road accident tragedies. Please please take this up with transport ministry to impose speed controllers regulation in the country with technology help where a smart application can unlock speed controller if its highway Ek Deshwasi Jai Bharat Mata
1 0 Dear Sir, With Water becoming the most precious commodity every passing year, there should be a policy on Water Management, to ensure our future generations have access to clean potable water. (1) Making Rain Water Harvesting Mandatory in all residential and commercial buildings to improve Ground Water Level (2) Creation and Maintenance of all Water Bodies - big or small (3) Policy on improving Greenery in all households to improve rainfall in the country (4) Proper treatment of WasteWater
0 0 Sir, I wanted to use all the 500 chars so counted this time before voicing the views. Making positive thoughts among the Indians. Also what was the plans you had before taking up the responsibilities. What are the tasks that you were able to complete.  Poll promises score card against actual. Problems that you are facing and your planned counter measures. Food Corporation of India and agri industry need to be revamped in order to fulfill the dream of no indian sleeping with hunger.
0 0 states in india should be demarcated in straight lines as in the U.S,instead ofcurves and twists.the four southern states were formed along the linguistic basics,this is also one of the reason for quarelling over the sharing of river water and other pretty things.the boundary lines should be redrawn in sucah a way that noone linguistic people should be predominately present in a state.in other words the newly carved out states should incorporate,two or three languages speaking peoples
0 0 Research on medical fields are negligible in India. Hence effective medicines are not yet discovered for diseases that are specific to India. Hence if a dedicated research institute like ISRO or BARC for such research alone is constituted it will be beneficial for the nation
0 0 The First SAMASTHAN Which merged with the Independent India is Pudukkottai SAMASTHAN in 03.03.1948. Iron manSardarVALLABHAI PATEL was instrumental in the merger and hence a STATUE of the Leader has to be erected in the District.
0 0 sir,rainwater harvesting is also be the crucial area where we have to be give lot of attention recently i saw 1 documentary on Discovery Science that using the purge concrete blocks for interconnecting roads in cities it will be automatically sink water into the earth.If Transportation ministry consider such experiment it will be benefiting.
0 0 Taking inspiration from one event when our highest court ie Supreme Court carried out its work late in the midnight beginning from 2 till 5 a.m. in the morning, I would like to urge PM Modi that this task should be extended and government departments, banks should function in the night as well.According to me this would create employment opportunities as the people would be working in shifts so more people will get employed.Also much work can be completed in a single day.
0 0 Sir, Every year lakhs of countrymen die due to tobacco and alcohol. Nowadays drug abuse is very rampant among the youth. Please ban these substances in the country else kindly make an appeal to the youth to give up these substances. Regards.
0 0 Dear PM, We are now catching terrorists "alive", so now on we should not keep them in our jails and spend Crores of rupees on their safety. My suggestion is to collect all infos from them , gather proofs against them and declare the designated legal punishments for them and return them "alive" to the country to which they belong.We have spent crores on these terrorists and we cannot afford this luxury any more. I Suggest this issue in your speech on 15th, also pass a law, if need be. Thank You.
1 0 following are critical - Progress vs initiatives - Energy generation to Waste management ( rag pickers rehab ) - Bring High earners into IT bracket - Infra development ( Long pending project ) - Social Security to all - Urgent laws for Woman Safety - Reward , Penalty for Societies / Panchayat / Nagar N linked to clean , Water saving , Green area - Working conditions for low rank police / Armed forces / sanitation workers - Population control , must for all -
0 0 Dear Sir, I Want to draw your attention towards drought faced states like Maharashtra,Karnataka,MP etc.If the river-linking project is to be implemented in this area by joining small nahars,rivers,nalas then it will be benefited for north eastern states & western states because since Independence we are north eastern states facing floods every yr lot of money spending by govt if we diverted this water to these states it will be very useful & farmer's suicides will automatically getting stop.
0 0 Sir, Thank you for the opportunity to voice each indian's opinion. Request you to speak about energy efficient India and skill development which would help our country men instead of focussing the world. In my opinion if i improve my family so as my town and city and country... Thank you, Regards, Sriram.B
0 0 Sir, Recently you have announced that “AIIMS” will be started in Tamilnadu. It will be, befitting tribute to start it in Pudukkottai, the birth place of  Dr. MUTHU LAKSHMI REDDY, an icon of female emancipation, our district holds lots of potential to become a front ranked district, with the coming of institutions like “AIIMS”.
0 0 India's progress depends on how our youth are shaped. Drawing inspiration from Dr. A.P.J.Abdul Kalam, our youth should be motivated to take to teaching as a profession. That will be the best tribute to Dr. Kalam. To fulfill the need of creating world class teachers, we may set up in each district headquarters, training schools/ colleges or upgrade the existing ones with latest coaching tools, labs and equipments from primary to PG levels,named, Kalam Institute of Youth Empowerment ( KIYE )
1 0 Sir please give a hope for India
0 0 We, the people of Pudukkottai humbly request you that the long standing demands of the Students and public of our district may please be considered in this Budget... Pudukkottai is the First Province (Samasthan 03.03.1948) which joined India after independence.  Pudukkottai town is a marvelous master - piece of Town planning. India’s first women doctor,  Padma Bhushan (1956)Dr. MUTHU LAKSHMI REDDY belongs to this district but till date, there is no medical college in this district.
0 0 Message - 1 Maanniya Pradhan Mantri Ji, VANDYE MATRAM !! Sir, main focus of all the schools is to teach there students the following three things:- 1. How to speak in English, 2. How to operate computer & 3. How to earn. Not even a single school bothers about the basic principals of life, morals, ethics and values. The condition of Govt. Schools is pathetic. Sir please make it comparably for all Govt. Employees (All Grades) to admit there children only in a govt. school.
0 0 if you could touch on the following (1) Report back to the people the tragets you made last Independence speech, i.e. Jan Dhan Yojana and Toilets to name a few. It does not matter if you are off target but if you can show us where we are, what is the progress made and how you wish to address gaps it would be great (2) OROP: If you can make a statement ensuring One Rank One Pension is realized as Defence personnel envisaged it would be great (3)Commitments to states such as AP for special status
0 0 freedom from intoxication - ................
0 0 Respected Shri Narendra Modi ji, I have one idea to share with your good selves which I believe can make good impact on life of people of this country. Please spare few minutes out of your busy schedule for reading my letter herewith. Kindest Regards CA Ashok Sharda, Surat
1 0 Sir I want to tell what is going on society and what is the scheme launched by central government is not at all reaching to common people and many schemes are started by central government of India and the people in the villages are not having knowledge about the central government schemes and they only know about the state government schemes(only very some schemes are knowing to people) and people in villages are not gaining the knowledge about what is central government doing.
1 0 1.please make rain water container across all highways and cities. 2.Please send concerned public welfare schemes to citizen on their mobile no or email id as suggested by aadhar no or pan card on push basis. 3.Please make taxation more rational,lower rates and enhance its ambit since tax evasion in kasba,rural areas is at peak.They are carorepatis but enjoy BPL status!!India may be poor but not Indians 4.Please make online database system of all officers and their corruption charges!
1 0 Sir, govt faced strong opposition from youths for #p**nban... govt intention is clear juveniles must not b encouraged to watch po*n... To this govt can use ADHAAR & it must be checked whether watcher is >18 or not.. will this can b done?? so that juveniles can b prevented from watching it...
0 0 Dear Sir, you have started so many programmes for social security,but it is nit reaching to bottom level,farmer suicides in drought states can be stopped by these insaurance schemes.how it can reach to bottom level.it must be our this good government's motive .
0 0 Dear Sir, strong message should be given to pakistan to stop cross border terrorism,otherwise myamar like action may be taken.recent devlopment of is/pak flag hoisting on every friday in kashmir encouraging antinational elements.strong message with action required now.
0 0 Those who know that once u r able to show results of progress they can never come to power.  For all problems as u have rightly said progress and development is the only solution. Pl tell the nation that onus of giving land will be with states and only those who do it will attract investers who are rearing to come.
0 0 Request PM Mr. Modi to speak on special category status to AP.
1 0 India's progress depends on how our youth are shaped. Drawing inspiration from Dr. A.P.J.Abdul Kalam, our youth should be motivated to take to teaching as a profession. That will be the best tribute to Dr. Kalam. To fulfill the need of creating world class teachers, we may  set up in each district headquarters, training schools/ colleges or upgrade the existing ones with latest coaching tools,  labs and equipments from primary to PG levels,named, Kalam Institutute of Youth Empowerment ( KIYE )
0 0 Dear PM sir, on this 15th August, please tell us the truth about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose. #Declassify #Netajifiles Jai Hind
0 0 Sir,A strong message should go to those who want to create hurdles in our country's growth and unity. As you are very sincerely focusing on skill development, science, tourism, digital india, I think one 24X7 seperate TV channel should be run by only professionals where any creative mind could show his/her skills on TV. For example if any young student is putting his/her efforts to create any model for a new invention should be shown on this channel which will boost more creativity for others.
0 0 Sir,What your doing for India is great. You have started many programs within a small duration. But many people did not what are the projects you started.You should also make them aware of the benefits of those programs. Sir one more thing is what ever is happening in parliament is not at all good for us. Why are you silent on these issues sir.People are talking about these issues and whoever kept great belief in you are waiting for your statement. Sir please give strong statement on this.
0 0 Congress knows if land bill and GST comes India will make tremendous progress.  Pl emphasis on progress andhow people would benefited. Pl expose negative destructive people so that they never dare raise their heads. If on Independent day u cannot do it pl expose them at sutable time.
1 0 CREATE NEW FORM OF BANK LIKE BELOW FOR NEW POLITICAL CITIZEN'S FOR NEXT GENERATION READ IT CARE FULLY AS BELOW : S.A.F.E.D.I.D.B.O.H SOUTH ASIAN FINANCIAL ECONOMIC DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF HINDUSTANI are have this below new core base for India 1) Common Monetary Policy ownership 2) Collective Foreign policy leadership
0 0 S.A.F.E.D.I.D.B.O.H SOUTH ASIAN FINANCIAL ECONOMIC DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF HINDUSTANI are have this below new core base for India 1) Common Monetary Policy ownership 2) Collective Foreign policy leadership
1 0 Sir, You have repeatedly emphasized on 'demographic dividend'.In the backdrop of the loss our country has suffered in the death of Dr.Kalam,please focus on the potential of the youth.Substance abuse, care for the elderly,standing up against institutions like dowry(which is again responsible for low social status of women),need for awareness about and involvement in democratic processes,research and innovations to address social issues etc could be important points in this regard.Thank you.
0 0 S.A.F.E.D.I.D.B.O.H SOUTH ASIAN FINANCAL ECCONOMIC DEMOCRATIC INTITUIONAL DEVOLOPEMENT BANK OF HINDUSTANI are have this below new core base for india 1) Common Monetary Policy ownership 2) Collective Foreign policy leadership
0 0 #Economy #Tourism #15thAugust #IncredibleIndia #Jobs #IndependenceDay Please ask every citizen to take a pledge to cover all states within India before they turn 60 This will help in the following : 1. Give a massive boost to Tourism within India 2. Help economy 3. Help create Direct/Indirect Jobs 4. Promote the Idea of #OneCountry 5. Will create respect & harmony among states Sir, your call will give voice to this Idea helping to reach max Indians. Have been suggesting this for long
0 0 This Independence Day, proudly says, we are dreaming for our nation's journey to reach its aim for  total development in all sectors. Now the nation gives courage to the citizen to live,capable to ask about our rights,value based education to our children, dedicated scientists and doctors,satisfying farmers, international roads and rails,powerful industries, patriotic and powerful military, non corrupted bureaucracy,happy families. PRAYER AND HARD WORK help us to fulfill our dream
1 0 Maybaapp !!!!!!!!!!!!! Please in kisano ko marne se bhachaieee..... Hamare marathwada me barish nahi hai... aapp se jo ho sakta hai wo karo par plz in kisano ko atlist pine ka pani to do... Plz plz plz..
0 0 the yearly income of 1. Tirupati Balaji temple is 650 cr. 2. Vaishno Devi =500 cr. 3. Shirdi sai baba temple = 350 cr. 4. Siddhivinayak temple Mumbai = 125 cr. total is rs. 1625 cr. and there is many other temple in India having income. isn't possible to utilize  this money to remove poverty in India?
0 0 #15thAugust 	Dear Sir, Why not school buildings/public buildings are used as libraries,conference room,community halls such as after school hours/business hours?It shall fetch revenue which can be utilised in school/locality and students welfare as well as locality shall get better educated environment with pool of learned citizens.It shall unite every colony,panchayat in robust way.Moreover idle time and unskilled human resources shall be upgraded.Crime and notorious activity shall decrease too
1 0 I think a new trend should be initiated, lets have a big white monitor beside PM, Lets compare what was announced last year from same place and what has been done with Data as proof, it would be an honest way of giving a report card and this will blow off all allegation if any. Moreover World will see how a Pradan Sevak gives report to his country men.
3 0 #Economy #Tourism #15thAugust #IncredibleIndia #Jobs Please ask every citizen to take a pledge to cover all states within India before they turn 60 This will help in the following : 1. Give a massive boost to Tourism within India 2. Help economy 3. Help create Direct/Indirect Jobs 4. Promote the Idea of #OneCountry 5. Will create respect & harmony among states Sir, your call will give voice to this Idea helping to reach max Indians. Have been suggesting this for long Please help
3 0 #15thAugust 	Dear PM, I have grievance cum suggestion that why not there is a user friendly data center kiosk,as found at railway station regarding train enquiries and tickets,is established in each village/panchayat showing all welfare schemes and their subscription link ? Such kiosk shall show latest and existing all welfare plans like scholarship for students,job opening for youth,social security for elders,credit and aggriculture facalities for farmers and so on at gram nukkad!!
1 0 A simple way to reduce poverty and violence inside and outside the country by making the mission "Social and Economical Harmony" under the Human Resource Ministry. Details of system , process and technology attached herewith.
1 0 corruption:Corruption at both state and central govt offices is now became a very problematic issue to a common man of our nation.Now i request you to announce a wonderful plan of action to check this corruption in all forms by using social networks and technology.To check this corruption GOVT OF INDIA SHOULD ANNOUNCE A THRIBBLLE DIGIT TOLL FREE NUMBER LIKE 100 OR 108 .SETUP SPECIAL CELL TO RECIVE COMPLAINTS,TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION ON THE COMPLAINTS LET US CREATE CORRUPTION FREE INDIA JAI HIND
1 0 In April 2013, it was announced in our Parliament that more than one third of global volume of malnourished children were in India and that was a National Shame. We can address this issue effectively by 1)Starting Health Clubs in all schools, to improve Health & Hygiene. 2)Involving Indian Medical Association Doctors in Screening for Malnutrition. 3)Enhancing treatment at National Rehabilitation Centers & 4)Adoption of Severely Acute Malnourished Children who are critical by IMA Branches #MyGov
2 0 Dear Prime Minister,a tough message on secularism and communal harmony is required at this stage. Non- tolerance to corruption may be highlighted. Thank you
1 0 Dear Prime minister Sir, Thanks for hearing from the general public. a)Ways to stop suicide of farmer and improve their living condition.Please extent your bank account concept to eligible them to take loan from Public banks instead of private money lenders.Start DD-Kisan in all regional languages too. b)Please set a goal to CDAC to come-up fastest super computer in the world,try to overcome China's capability.
4 0 Honourable Prime Minister , We live in a country where the people are still divided by caste gender and religion.Please talk about how we can create an open and inclusive society.
1 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister, Education, we should include at least on skill development subject starting for class 9th onwards as optional, it could be a foreign language, computers, material management, carpentry, automobile tech, mobile repairing, librarian, Printing etc - a similar curriculum should be supported at graduation level as well with certifications like 10th pass, basic level, 10+2, Intermediate level and graduation certificate - pick subjects which can give direct employment - Jai Hind
3 0 Dear Sir, The quality of teachers is pathetic at school level.There is complete loss to exchequer regarding high cost to teachers.Why not there is teacher evaluation and kick back system?They take sarkari job as their fundamental right and students as slaves.Why not teachers are exposed to market competition,audit and quality ranking?
2 0 decide date to celebrate world ayurvedic day
1 0 Dear Sir, Please highlight the issue of the need to integrate North East with the rest of India. I hail from Hyderabad.I knew NOTHING about north east until I went to college in Delhi University. While we studied about other regions in school, there was not a word about North East in the text books, hence the widespread ignorance resulting in discrimination.  If the PM says so, textbooks of CBSE and state boards will include North East in the cucurriculum, promoting awareness and respect.
0 0 Dear PM Sir Please promote the organic farming in agriculture and take the quicker steps to linking of rivers.Because people give up farming due to continuous drought and please promote action against usage of plastics.Make our india green and clean.
1 0 namaste, I am proud of my nation and it's customs. As an Indian our country has to develop in all the fields like agricultural sector, industrial sector etc:. The villages of our country  wants to develop with the help of science and technologies and infrastructure development.Include quality education and motivation for agricultural self-sufficiency to children.uplift the manpower for small scale industries.  Our country wants to develop in its zenith during this upcoming years.
0 0 1.Drought areas be connected to Flood areas through Canals across the country;to reduce the problems of Floods,reduce the problems in drought areas,bring up the ground water table level in such areas,Prevent flood water going waste in to sea.2.Introduce Crop insurance for poor farmers with small holdings(less than 10 Acres)as their only livelihood(or with income less than 3 lakhs per annum),at least to compensate them to the extent of their investment;this will help reduce suicides among farmers
0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister India A simple way to reduce poverty and violence inside and outside the country by making the mission "Social and Economical Harmony" under the Human resource ministry.
0 0 Terrorism: Though we should have capabilities and power to fight back, we should have concrete system. System represents not only the government but also people of India. We as Indians should show our unity and power to fight against terrorism. Terrorism inside the country is the which we need to focus. Every citizen should respect and follow Indian law to cultivate people who support terrorism. Being an Indian we have to respect our country and make proud of country to fight against terrorism.
0 0 Secret behind successful Agricultural solar water pumps installations in Rajisthan,India. pl. watch video
1 0 Dear Sir, As session of parliament starts, the nation hopes lot of expectation but i have rarely seen houses functioning smoothly ever.Due to protest and disturbance nation is at great loss.Why not indisciplined members are charged reimbursement to houses if those are proved guilty by the chair?Moreover there should be alternate dispute redress forum before the house start since the present mechanism of speaker meeting is not effective.Such forum shall include intellectual Bharat Ratnas!!
0 0 sir.........i think you should concentrate more on the people who lost their lives and their  children  in wars.they are in a lot of pain and facing a lot of problems...when you feel their problems you will cry.so please do something for them.try to modify our judicial law in a better way..there are many cases who are in pending for years...make some new law through which victims get their punishment soon.sir give more limelight on MAKE IN INDIA CAMPAIGN. make some strict laws regarding cleaning
0 0 One rule for all. Efficacy of any rule goes down when we notice that it is being implemented differently for some. We have to completely do away with special privileges for all but public officials who are working in time of emergency. People will automatically help such government officials.
0 0 Dear Mr Prim Minister, you should raise the matter of carbon foot print and associated  inequality in global forums as well - developed countries have/had very large foot prints and they should compensate developing countries to implement safe guards and modern technology to save the earth - Develop technology to enrich Thorium, which we are having biggest underground stocks- we can overcome the excessive dependency on Uranium, which we import...jai hind
0 0 Rural Development: 1.There is a need to develop a cooperating system between rural citizens and industries. In an area farmers can do farming of a crop according to the need of an industry in that area. For ex. An industry needs grains and cereals as its raw materials, so farmers can grow crops of cereals and sell it to that industry. An industry needs storage for storing raw materials and products. Farmers can cooperatively build a storage with the financial help of that industry.
0 0 Hope - India needs hope now. Our countrymen all around are working towards making India a better place to live in. Unfortunately the media focus has been only on the negative things that are happening around completely ignoring the great work being done by many common men everyday. At some level this leads to discouragement for people doing good deeds. Awards like Padma bhushan, Padma vibhushan etc should be set aside for people doing work for society or country to encourage everyone.
0 0 explain the need of national river link projects
0 0 Steps to push Organ Donation. Effective ways of tracking the same. We can replicate some practices from western countries like US. In US, when a person applies for a Drivers Licence, amongst the application paper-work, there's an explicit question- "Would you like to be an organ donor". If the applicant says yes, his Licence is marked (with a small heart sign). This being his govt issued Id, becomes a ready reckoner in case of a fatal accident.
1 0 I think there should be strict guidelines to implement SWACHHATA ABHIYAN for all the Government and non-government bodies, organizations, offices, education societies those are taking necessary benefits direct or indirect from Government.There should be responsibilities of their working heads, employees, and managements for maintaining cleanliness in their working spaces, offices inside and outside buildings in surrounding areas up to main streets. If they do not do so they should be penalized.
0 0 This is a young girl here. I have a serious problem with what police do on the name of moral policing and undoubtedly, most people have. But we cannot show our aggression against them because at that point of time, they can humiliate us as much as they want and our reputation comes on stake. Only one question Modi Sir... If two CONSENTING ADULTS get intimate inside four walls,how does it in any way harm public decency or morality? Is this our democratic India?? Kindly consider this...!!
0 0 Please include Women Safety
0 0 Rural Development: 1.Economic Zones must be built in all the districts or regions such that a market should be developed like industries related to cement would be together in a zone, industries of handicraft would be in a zone, etc. This would ease business, regulate economy, regulate overpricing and generate employment according to the need of people. This would develop villages and stop migration into cities also transportation, business activities and availability of daily needs will be easy
0 0 Saab Hmare pass MATLAB bhut se kissano (Jo is desh ki hi nhi duniya ki neev h) k pas aisi jamin h jisme hum mahngi se mahngi economy ki crop peda Kr sakte h.lekin nhi Kr pate kyonki buyer nhi. Saab Mene suna h.."uttam kheti.medium vayapar.last nokri" Ye ho sakta h ager aap kuch kre to . Kisano ko aisi mandi bna k do jisme sab k buyer ho to bhut thode se time m hum honge no.1 Plz Plz Plz Kisanno PR dhyan de Ager buyer .farm m hi mil jaye to bhut kuch Badal skta h
1 0 In Bhuj city Gujarat the municipality started a new scheme for daily Garbej / vests collection. They are giving Rs. 5 per k.g. Garbej charges to baggers. This way the city become clean. isn't possible for entire India?
0 0 Sir,Again you are asking people to surrender their LPG subsidy, but your Staff like MP/MLA/Officers claiming several type concession ie Phone Bills ,Travel Bills and so on. It is better to stop all concessional benefits from top to down
0 0 Saab Mujhe masroom ka plant lgana tha .... Nhi LGA paya ?kyo? Kyonki msroom k plant k liye Jo much chahiye WO sab available tha but ak chiz nhi thi. Mene msroom cultivation ka plant to LGA liya msroom bhi peda ho gyi...PR ab inko sell kaha kru ...ager city m sell k liye me jata hu to 12 ghante baad ye kharab ho jati h or ..kimat milti h 1/4 ..kya iska koi solution nhi.ho skta aisa nhi ho skta ki 5-7 gaanvo k beech aisi mandi bna di jaye jaha buyer aaye or hum apni mehnt bech ske.
1 0 Please talk about practice of female foeticide in India. Also about ban on Pocket-sized ultrasound scanners from China and Portable ultrasound machines used for sex-determination. This is a big issue in states like Haryana. Many clinics are mushrooming in our country which provide at home ultrasound facilities and quick results resulting in female foeticide. Beti Bachao, Desh ko aage badhao. Thanks
0 0 Dear Sir, You are talking about SAWACHH BHARAT but in number of colonies have dustbin, how your mission can be complete. Pl take prompt action against defaulters.
0 0 Rural Development: 1.Skill Schools must be initiated in Villages in PPP mode by which rural citizens could be taught about the skills of an industry that already exists in that area so that they'll get employment. Also skills could be taught so that they can be self employed by making handicrafts or pursuing in a new field. 2.Green Industries must be attracted towards rural India which would stop migration of people from rural to urban area and generate employment for them.
0 0 PM Sir, In continuation, I am highlighting you that the country's waterways Transport can be deployed for transporting citizens & Goods thereby reducing the heavy density in Railways & Road Transport thereby Govt can increase employment opportunities for waterways transport. In addition both Banks of the River can be converted into parkways, greeneries & Motails. In addition there will be spread of multivarious production centres & enhance employment opportunities, can increase Percapita Income.
1 0 Please talk about INJUSTICE DONE to get COW's MILK by administrating BST, OXITON injection. DO ADULTS need milk for their survival? PROMOTE SMALL GRAM Pulses ALTERNATIVES to MILK. Does COFFEE, TEA, BOOST, BOURNVITA, HORLICKS other DRINKS survive without MILK? Is it a MARKETING decision to INCREASE CONSUMPTION of MILK and for that INJUSTICe to DONE to this ANIMAL. Forget Slaughtering COW, We are KILLING COW WHILE IT'S STILL LIVING! http://www.bwcindia.org/web/awareness/learnabout/MilchCa
0 0 Dear sir, Please make it zero Subsidy for MP /Mla/all people representatives. Recently in Karnataka, ministers travel bill is 13 crores.wander were he travelled with our TAX money. Only u can do it. We feel ashamed to pay our tax when it is utilised this we? Paying tax is our Duty but ARE WE GETTING VALUE/Respect for our HARDWORK.IF the GOVT want to show the RESPECT,then remove all subsidy schemes for people representatives(gas subsidy,travel,petrol,parliament food at discount)they too r paid
2 0 Prime Minister's message is for the benefit of the entire population of this country including those who are from non hindi speaking belt. Such section of the population is not able to follow the theme of the speech. My suggestion will be that PM's speech should be dubbed into regional languages and telecast with the same video images immediately after conclusion of his speech in hindi. This will add to the popularity of the PM in the non hindi belt like Tamilnadu.
1 0 Please talk about INJUSTICE DONE to get COW's MILK by administrating BST, OXITON injection. DO ADULTS need milk for their survival? PROMOTE SMALL GRAM Pulses ALTERNATIVES to MILK. Does COFFEE, TEA, BOOST, BOURNVITA, HORLICKS other DRINKS survive without MILK? Is it a MARKETING decision to INCREASE CONSUMPTION of MILK and for that INJUSTICe to DONE to this ANIMAL. Forget Slaughtering COW, We are KILLING COW WHILE IT'S STILL LIVING!
0 0 PM Sir, This is my 3rd letter to you in continuation of my 1st & 2nd letters sent earlier.In linking the Rivers for funding the project, for techno experts you can approach W.B. IMF, U.S, Japan, European countries. You can put a Moratorium that one person from one Family is to serve for this colossal Nation Building Effort. After successful implementation the Men who worked for this Project is to be awarded by employing them in their respective jobs according to merits. Ramani
0 0 To stop farmers from committing suicide,  "THE MAKE IN INDIA" program should include " MAKE IN RURAL INDIA". This entails Farmer families to set up Micro-Vendor-Single machine units in their own farms. The mother unit could be located on the outskirts of the village/s on leased land. The lease rent should go to all the farmers including vendor farmers. The mother unit can be a PPP model or otherwise.The Gov't and the mother unit should set up the vendor units using long term financing.
0 0 Dear Sir, The very important thing in the life of a person and the country is the EDUCATION & in India the reservation system in the Education ineligible students reach to top universities/colleges because of this reservation on for caste on seat basis.For Eg-total no.of students washed out of in IITs last as per reports last week is around 3000 student. So the reservations system should be in terms of monetary benifits. Let him be alotted a free seat if he deserves it as per his merit nt caste
0 0 Development: 3.For development necessity is R&D and production. These two things would generate need of an educated and smart youth and need of skilled labor. These two things professional fields can fulfill the need of research in all the fields plus the Skill India Mission. The need is to implement on R&D and increase in production. 4.PM Sir must talk on Steps taken by govt to simplify business activities and industrial development in the country. Policies reform must be also talked upon.
0 0 AUTOMATED TALL TAX COLLECTION SYSTEM SEE YOU TUBE VIDEO
0 0 Respected P.M. Sir, I am a Sub Inspector in CRPF.(8105287620) Internal Security is became a difficult task & fear to the Country in future by several bad elements. We are performing the Job at utmost possible.  If you announced on Red Fort, every Indian should take  “Oath” to be a Cipahi/Jawan/Police and watch each/every  activity in bus/train/market etc, it will ensure full security in the Nation without extra cost/security.  This will also develop patriotism in every Indian. Regards.
0 0 Modi ji agr hm sab har saal ka independence day ek sankalp k sath manae aur wo sankalp agle saal k independence day tak complete Kr le to ye bahut helpful hoga hm sb k lie..aur ek dusri baat Jo Mai kehna chahti Hu wo ye hai Ki hmare desh Ki young generation future me kya kre isko le Kr confused rehti hai to koi aisa national phone no. Issue kiya Jae jis pe call Kr ke students counsellor se baat Kr ske aur unki counselling Ho ske taaki wo students apna future plan bna ske..
0 0 Development: 1.Encourage all citizens to take part in national development and suggest few good ideas as how as citizens we can boost national economy and take our nation on the track of development. 2.Develop a system through which people can connect to the experts of respective field for development of nation. For ex. a portal can be made on which contacts of experts is provided through which farmers can learn best practices of farming and best inputs of farming. This would improve agriculture
0 0 Respected Sir, The swachh bharat abhiyan is going well but we need a change in the mindset. Please start an initiative to ban polythene in India. It is one of the major pollutants. It is possible.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please implement One Rank One Pension.
0 0 PM Sir must talk of national development, how people can themselves develop nation and fight with problems like poverty. PM Sir must encourage people to collaborate in national  development. Youth must be encouraged to promote the influential & important schemes of government among citizens (specially rural citizens). Youth must be encouraged to take the Digital India Mission & Clean India Mission ahead by organizing programs and by developing new ideas and techniques for benefit of citizens.
0 0 Dear Sir, Namasthe. Please connect Kanyakumari and Kashmir.  For This Double Track train from Chennai to Kanyakumari and Trivandrum to Kanyakumari. Mini Airport to Kanyakumari.  Spl Package to Kanyakumari........... Jeeva Perumal 9443107725
0 0 We need a change in habits or manners in some of our daily activities. This doesn't mean one has to change his lifestyle, It is all about the way we look at different things and activities that follows. One such was the cleanliness, Swatch Bharath project was such a change which influenced people's habit. There is one other thing which is very important for all of us. ROAD MANNERs/DRIVING HABITS. Some initiatives to train future generation for better driving habit will save many life.
1 0 OROP announcement a must to recognize the efforts being put in by our soldiers to keep us safe day and night.They need an applause and their long awaited dues promised by each govt. during the Election time to gain vote bank.Then matter takes the back seat. Although, you all have been working in this direction for an year now.Seeing the loss made during the monsoon session this amount is a peanut for such a noble cause.At least,soldiers don't think twice to take any call in the national interest
2 0 Sir,why is it that youth who is talented,creative well-informed love the Nation only during CRICKET matches? and not anywhere else.They being so 'civilized' have surprisingly lost the fire to QUESTION,DEMAND and STANDUP FOR INDIA.Sir,I would love my children to study in INDIA rather than go abroad,work for the motherland,than pay taxes elsewhere,would love to see young fighters in the INDIAN DEFENSE than guarding others border.Please INSPIRE THE CHILDREN WITH NATIONALISM,CULTURE AND HUMANITY.
0 0 Respected sir Namashkar I believed that your speech on 15August will aware the people of country about impurity of food Today in our country the eating material are impure &harmful for health like milk is made up of urea detergent ,colours are used on the vegetable &fruits to look them fresh so I request to aware the country about harmful effects of food & aware the people of their social &moral responsibilities
0 0 Sir I want you talk about opening more and more IITs and NITs in our country. Also you should talk about improving the standard of rest of engineering colleges in our country. Either there should be a good engineer or no engineer. Please give this thing a thought.
0 0 Learn to respect women.They play a major role in the development of the family and the nation too. Although their presence is not recognized much but their absence is definitely felt  by the children for sure . Women are the backbone of the house. So keep them in good humour.Humour in life is a must. We should not keep cribbing about concerned issues which require attention but we should learn to contribute as well. Stop , take out some time4 social work as well.Money cannot buy happiness.
0 0 First thing in my view we should do is to induce trinity of self respect, fraternity & nationalism in every indian. It would strengthen our every campaign. Secondly we have to do is to make every people feel that our government is not just a political mere but its a social one. It means that our government is not separated from all our peoples but its a face of our community. Aim of government should be the aim of all peoples & vice versa.
0 0 Governance: PM Sir must talk on the improvisation of governance and working of all departments of Central Cabinet. In accordance of transparency, a database must be formed, maintained and notified online on the PMO website about the working of all the departments of Central Government. Under this all the implemented schemes and their current status, schemes under implementation and the current status on which a department is working or operating must be notified on the PMO portal.
1 0 THE MOST IMPORTANT NEED TODAY IN INDIA IS INTEGRITY....WE GREW UP READING "INDIA HAS UNITY IN DIVERSITY" AND ALL THOSE THINGS BUT TODAY WE KNOW HOW TRUE THIS IS... THERE ARE PEOPLE IN EVERY COMMUNITY WHO ARE SPREADING NEGATIVITY IN PEOPLE AND POLITICAL PARTIES/MEDIA IS USING THEM AS POPULARITY TOOL... THERE IS SERIOUS NEED TO ELIMINATE THESE PEOPLE AND REMEMBER THAT *** UNITED WE STAND, DIVIDED WE FALL***
0 0 May I Suggest improvement playing national anthem in Cinema Hall? It is very proud for any Indian to salute our nation with national anthem.I must appreciate the government efforts to play national anthem in Cinema halls. I have one suggestion here for the betterment and further improvement.  Let us also display names of “SHAHID” Jawans while we play national anthem in cinema halls. This can be done as Tagline below.This can be also done with help of good advertise agency.
0 0 Every Indian need to remember the sacrifices made by ancestors and freedom fighters.Value the freedom. Remain thankful to all those who sacrificed their lives to give us peace and freedom to open our wings to fly high without any fear to be cut down or crushed by enemies. Although our forces are facing challenges everyday.They work day and night to keep us safe and sound.They don't think twice before giving their lives for the nation. We all should too join hands to remain alert and save lives.
0 0 This is in reference to the reservation system.. if the govt genuinely wants to help them please keep the seats reserved for the poorer section as those who actually take advantage of this system are well off and don't need govt help to get ahead. I've suffered because of this system and i on behalf of millions like me humbly request you to make changes in this system and please don't punish us anymore for being born in the families of general category.
0 0 Our respected PM must talk on the recent scams in Maharashtra and also what has been done or is being done to regulate these sort of scams in future. Also PM Sir must clearly speak on when and how will be the public beneficial plans and schemes will be implemented. It is important that many issues like the regulation of BCCI, the restructuring of BCCI on how to control betting and match fixing and other issues must be solved soon. All the important issues need a quick solution like overpricing.
0 0 Sir Namashkar from Vns. Pl announce that BUSINESS is the policy of our country.And every govt.official has to help rather than harass or create obstacles for businesses.That you want our youth to create world beating companies. The next iphone,Google, Tesla must come out of India. Say that simple, practical and transparent laws will be made so that business can grow and ghoose will not be possible.90% factories in Vns died because of harassment of Labour, EPF, Salestax, Elect and other dept.
0 0 Dear Sir, Instead of announcing new schemes pl talk about the schemes launched and their status.People want to know whether their efforts are bearing any fruits or not. You should dispel the false propaganda and perception that it's all talk and no action. Speak on Healthcare, economy and India's policy towards Pakistan& terrorism. Trust you will rock this time too.
1 1 Please take about: Teaching "Team Work" & Conducting workshops in schools. It's a SKILLL that need to be taught. Our school RANKING System should be abolished. It's a FACT that SOFT SKILLS is the taught in IT COMPANIES more than TECHNOLOGY. PARLIMENT was not working because of LACK OF TEAM working SKILL. Thanks.
0 0 dear pm
0 0 Ask everyone to dream big.Nothing is impossible.Work hard to make your dream come true.Dreaming is everyone's birth right.There are no boundaries or limitations involved.Its like a free bird.Think big,Think tank.Think..think..think till you get your solutions right.Life is not a bed of roses.Its a bumpy ride for those who follow the path of honesty, hard work, sincerity and mean business.Do not take nonsense. Be a leader.Stand tall in the crowd.Take work as a challenge.Always give your best shot
0 0 On Political Grounds: 1.All the activities of politicians and officers related to public interest or national interest must be transparent to the citizens of the country. 2.Our system must be upgraded in such a way that every activity of politicians is recorded and remains transparent to citizens. All the operations,applications & implementations of public interest schemes and programs must be recorded online. Allocation of fund for the implementation of a scheme must be notified on a portal.
0 0 my suggestions in the pdf file.
1 0 In Educational Field: 7.Moral Education must be compulsorily included in Curriculum of School & Higher Education as a new subject. 8.The syllabus of Technical Courses like B.Tech., M.Tech, etc. must be upgraded as per the requirement of market industries and technical standards of world at present. 9.Students must be encouraged to pursue fields related to the general and national development. 10.As for fresh doctors, it must be compulsory for engineers to work for at least two years in villages.
0 0 Sir, global unrest caused by so many issues including rise of Terrorism at unprecedented level must be fought by Indian Weapon of Yoga! The whole world is now charged to Yogic Wave, let us feed this Yogic Wave Positive Energy of Indians to bring Global Peace! Let us take Yoga in all corners of world by trained Indian Government Servants and Indians! Let us win Hate by Love!
2 0 Dear sir I just want a one session of Parliament will be held in North state every year in the respect of Look East Policy or Act East Policy Or in respect of Honrable ex President of India mr Kalam sir 2nd One coin will be issue in the respect of kalam sir.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, please focus on 5-6 core areas, education, cleanliness, highways, industry and health.. Stalled projects are a pain.
0 0 As part of swatch Bharat pl address the issue of people who stay under the flyovers and on foot paths . A progrm to rehabilitate them with the help of state GOVT  can b thought . Also the rag/garbage /waste pickers  we see around are doing a good job by collecting it though  to make a living . Govt may channelize their services in a systematic  manner by rewarding  them  by each unit  of garbage they collect and also enroll them in skill development so in future they have a skill in an araea
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - SUGGESTIONS - CONTD. III 1.Security of the Nation - Modernisation of Armed forces, infrastructure under process, active recruitments are on to cover for shortfalls. Deep respect for the Armed forces – Government is committed to ‘One Rank One Pension’ - specific announcements in the offing. 2. Diplomatic ties- Tireless efforts yield good dividends with G-20 and neighbours. Pakistan being handled sensitively. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 Greetings to My Dynamic leader,.. To open logjam in parliament created by arrogant opposition, suggest citizens of India to vote on the issues by allowing them to hold a candle or light in their homes in open spaces at a particular time interval to show the peoples decision to run the parliament without disruptions and close the mouth shut for arrogant opposition in wasting our money and to make India progress at a faster rate.
0 0 Respected Sir, I request you take forward "Unity and Improvement" Movement started by You in form of International Yoga Day with following steps:All Ministries/Departments may be asked to search for at least three Volunteers who are ready to go under comprehensive Training Programmes run by organizations like Bihar Yoga Bharti and Swami Vivekanand Yoga Anushandhan Sanshtan. Such trained officers may be given responsibility to ensure Yogic Environment in one Ministry/Department. Thank YOU.
2 0 sir, Now the Reccomendation..on REsevation 1.)One should avail is Reservation only once throughout his carrer.May it be in Ug/pg/any compitition. 2.)Resevation should be on Financial basis, 3.) Guy getting job through Reservation should be levied 5% extra tax ...which will exclusively help the other guys of his kind.So that the real devlopment takes place,If he is taking Service he has to render Service for INDIA.#INdependenceDAy #MYGOV
1 0 respected sir, plz find the attach
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir,  In my opinion, I appeal your attention to these 2 points to betaken up:(1) Railway track strengthening and installation of automatic signalling to warn drivers about impending dangers like track damage/another train approaching on the same track to avoid/lessen train mishaps once for all/reduce to a great extent.(2) Stampeding is a perenneal problem which we are unable to avoid. Riot Police/volunteer assisted crowd control  from the time of entry to exit to is needed.
1 0 SIR Start a new tourism policie for North East region. Remove "best season" tag from tourism dictionary. Rescue medicinal plants, which is found in deferent place. Start new concept of tourism in North East India to fight against poverty and for community development, e.g. monsoon tourism, voluntourism, ayurvedic tourism, aromatic food tourism, medicinal plant tourism, organic agro tourism, etc. Thanking you www.bijitdutta.com #PM #IndependenceDay #MyGov
2 0 Sir, I will like to draw your kind attention towards most controversial topic i,e RESEVATION.There rare few Questions & few Recommendations Q1.) Shibu Soren (ST),Rambilash pashwan (SC),Raghubar das (Sc) Arjun Munda (ST) etc Do there son Require any Resevations ? Q2,)A guy passed class 12th ..got Admitted in IIT throush Resevation ,,,passed Iit ...again got admitted in IIM.Again the same guy is getting Selected in Civil Services .....now the Question is that The guy after passing IIT.Backward
0 0 Honoured Prime Minister, It is great concern that the Government of India and all State Governments are spending thousand crore rupees every year for development of IndianJudiciary,it is point blank as quoted by Hon'ble Justice Krishnaiyar that the Golden Keys of (Supreme)Court is not in the reach of poor, still holds good, even after spending these much crores of money from the pocket of poor peoples tax money. It is vital to include the practical difficulty faced by people for getting justice
0 0 Shreemanji- We have been talking for quite some time about the youthful demographic advantage of India. We tend to overlook that our population of senior citizen is around 100 million,more than the population of Italy and Spain. By 2025 the number would be 4 times (Economic Times 9th Aug). This should be used as the storehouse of wisdom and knowledge- a resource of mentors for the youth- young entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs who are on growth path. They have unique problems but also have could b
0 0 Sir In every city we have metro rail implementation work happening. I suggested to the Chennai Metro rail authorities to get the pictures and names of indian birds and flowers on the pillars along the route. Thousands of children walk past the pillars when returning from school in the evening. On learning the names of flora and fauna, we can hope that some of them will go on to do something extraordinary. This can be done in every city and we can have long museums. #IndependenceDay #PM
0 0 Dear Sir.. I would like say thanks to you to make me feel proud "I'm Indian". With Regards
0 0 As We got Nobel on Child labour last year it wud be good if u take up this issue Pls exhort upper n middle class to not hire d children rather "adopt" them, enrol them in schools.Few days before I-Day street children sell National flags on traffic signals, exhort car travellers to buy these flags frm street children on their way back, donate books on I-day. Parents shouldnt show antipathy towards street children as this is transmitted to their children. As Dr.Kalam was also once a newspaper boy
0 0 Honorable PM NAMO, as per your wonderful thoughts about the development of the Nation preceding with development of villages; I being citizen, appreciate it.. But without education, development of village is not possible. There are around 98455 schools which are in fear of getting closed due to lack of teaching staff and in some of the schools teachers have to play solo.. Please mention about your commitment regards to empowerment of villages in aspects of education..
0 0 We should call all citizens to bring "Self Awareness" in their day to day life. Be it driving, cleanliness, investment, education, business, politics, social programme, health, energy, corruption, government schemes, we need Self Awareness
0 0 Sir We need more civil service officers especially in the IAS/IPS cadres. Those who have crossed forty years of age and workng in the private sector must be given one more chance to appear for the civil services examination because Life would have taught them a lot and that experience will come in handy. Please ponder over my suggestion. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Dear Sir, Why don't you focus keyword "Smart Village". As Internet is reaching to villages very fast, with due your efforts. It will be a motivation for people live in village. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 RESPECTED Sir JUST like #SBA, #beti bchao beti pdhao,#GIVE IT UP Lpg subsidy...NATION NEEDS UR APPEAL FOR #GIVE IT UP THE DOWRY PRACTICE.ON UR APPEAL THE NATION HAS WITNESSED A SIGNIFICANT CHANGE AT THE GROUND LEVEL REGARDING CLEANLINESS, GIRLS EDUCATION,RATIONALISATION OF Lpg  dbt.SO I WOULD REQUEST YOU SIR TO  RAISE THIS VERY CRUCIAL issue REGARDING THE PREVALENT RAMPANT DOWRY PRACTICES.your request to the nation will certainly make a DIFFERENCE. #SAY NO TO DOWRY AND YES TO SELF RESPECT.
0 0 Sir There are lot of suggestions for prizes and scholarships for science and technology in memory of Dr.Kalam. My request to your kind self is to announce an award for veena artistes in memory of Dr.Kalam every year. I had the honor to listen to Dr.Kalam playing the veena once. Please honor my request. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 The national security and integrity was always in threat before or during BJP regime.. Soldiers are sacrificing their life protecting the nation, and internal politics has always been promoting peace and integrity but always in vein. When the entire energy of the nation is applied for Jammu Kashmir, how is it possible to attain national security, my request to you is to mention the measures involved and measures taken by your government to curb such threats in your speech..
1 0 Dear Sir, Why don't you focus keyword "Smart Village". As Internet is reaching to villages very fast, with due your efforts. It will be a motivation for people live in village. #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov #manishmcg
0 0 Sir We are loosing good teachers because of B.Ed requirement by the school authorities. My thinking is that the abolition of B.Ed or related qualifications will bring in more teachers and they will surely contribute more for the society. Teachers must be expected to do something innovative in service not while doing an B.Ed program. Please ponder over my suggestion. #IndependenceDay #15thAugust #MyGov
0 0 Public grevience redressal assurance is badly needed by all state and central govt departments. These officials are become rulers with decretion and misuse with corruption, the people are being harassed by the misuse of their position. If the govt becomes strict the havoc /scam and transparency in govt workings will be at its best kindly consider.
0 0 #independence day sir recently we have gone through an irreparable loss in the field of science and technology. We lost our dearest president and renowned scientist Dr.Kalam. if I am not wrong,in the current scenario we don't have anyone to fill those shoes instantly. sir we have so many reality shows like to find next Indian idol,to find next sachin tendulkar etc. Sir why we are not searching for next Dr.Kalam, for next vikram sarabhai, for next Dr.homi bhabha. Sir kindly express your views
0 0 Jay Ambe sir, I know sir your dream is swacch bharat within 15/08/2020 but it's never become a true because of there is not enough efforts use by government. government should apply motivational as well as strict rules for cleaning the areas. all country has strict rules so why we can not apply.... please mention pakistan's serial attack and warning from independent india....
0 0 Smart village - smart city
0 0 In Educational Field: 4.In school education, a new subject related to profession need or skill development must be added in the curriculum. 5.Education till Class 12 should be compulsory for every Indian child, no child should be allowed to pursue labour before receiving education till Class 12. 6.Digitization of educational field is necessary, digital educational material (video lectures, study material in pdf formats, online tests ) must be prepared by educational & technical education boards.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - SUGGESTIONS CONTD. - II 1.Socio-economic Justice - Jan Dhan Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Jeewan Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, Atal Pension Yojana, Housing for All – 2022, Empowering the Artisans- skill development and online marketing collaborations 2. People’s Participation in Governance – MyGov – setting unprecedented records 3. Committed to take care of careers of dedicated government officers Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 respected sir pls review the education loan criteria instead of relaxing the youth it is creating more burden and students either opt out or sell their land instead of talking loans.we get car loans at 7-8% but education loan 12-16%.plus heavy and hectic paper work from bank
0 0 Sir, kindly include following points in your speech: 1. In a house, expect children (below 18) should earn money their own way. And should not depend to Head of the Family for money. 2. Employment Exchange Department should Monitor, Every individual, who are capable of gerate wealth. 3. Every Individual should do their Job Sincerely, especially Govt. Workers, then only the India will grow. All individuals are dependent on Govt. they have to realise, dvlpmnt will be possible with individual.
0 0 Dear pm. On our Independent day please speak on our farmers aatmahatya.and unemployment.
0 0 In Educational Field: 1.R&D in all fields(Technology, Commerce, Science, Daily necessities) must be promoted. 2.In syllabus or curriculum of higher education (specifically from Class 9 to post graduate level) research projects on general science & products/techniques of daily life usage must be included. 3.Research on conservation of nature & efficient utility of natural resources must be emphasized and promoted. 4.Students must be orated to pursue their career in R&D in different fields.
0 0 sir, please give us free internet or give up the tax on internet pack to make a digital India .
0 0 Dear PM, Announce a program which is employment generating and primarily useful for the jobless especially the young graduates who are still preparing something and struggling with their lives without a job. The program should go viral like PMs pet project jan dhan yojana. Harness the talent of our young youth who can change the world if given a chance🇮🇳👍
1 0 Dear Prime Minister, Medical expenses are becoming unreachable to middle class and poor. Getting treatment from private hospitals are beyond reach for many as charges vary exorbitantly. There should be a regulation so that it helps common man.
1 0 Dear PM, The pradhan mantra suraksha bhima yojana and the pradhan mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana have been a great tool to provide a sense of social security among the poor section of people. It is a well known fact that people in India have to spend quite a big amount for health related problems. I request you to kindly consider to introduce an affordable health insurance scheme which includes free hospitalization and reduction in medical related expenses.
0 0 Respected and Honourable PM, first of all I would thank you for giving us this wonderful opportunity. 1) India is a country with diversified people, cultre and religions. I request PM to talk on how India is maintaining the Unity? and what are all the steps government has taken to improve this unity and how center is helping each and every state in their development.2) what are all the plans or steps government has adapted to upbring or to help Poor people and Farmers.3) corruption, what are all
0 0 PM SHOULD TELL PEOPLE WHO ELECTED 282 MPs ON HOW HE IS GOING TO PASS PENDING BILLS INCLUDING CONSTITUTION BILL OF GST IN VIEW OF DERAILMENT OF RAJYA SABHA BY A PARTY (CONGRESS) WHICH AFTER LOOTING COUNTRY FOR 60 YEARS ON THE BASIS OF DIVIDE-TO-RULE AND KEEPING 40% POPULATION UNDER ABJECT POVERTY, NOW DONT WANT ANY ECONOMIC REFORMS TO SUCCEED AND DONT WANT ANY REMOVAL OF POVERTY BY GROWTH OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND BUSINESS. WHAT ARE PLANS TO LIBERATE RAJYA SABHA FROM CLUTCHES OF CONGRESS
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, This is regarding Toll collection at every booth causing too much inconvenience to all and huge amount of fuel is getting waste. I would suggest that the government can levy one time toll tax (like Excise duty or road tax etc) while buying a new vehicle and all those who bought can pay the one time toll within 6 months time period. Which will really ease the whole system.
0 0 Plant trees in every road corridor. No of vehicles using the roads is increasing exponentially every day. Which means lot of pollution in the air. Plants and trees can help reducing such pollutions.
0 0 Our PM Mr. Modi talked about political DNA of Mr. Nitish Kumar and not of his body DNA which is of no interest to PM or anybody.So why there is so much hue and cry about the DNA.
0 0 Sir, It's worth considering a change in "Tenancy Act" In Bangalore( and other IT cities), many Land/House/PG owners demand unjustified amounts as advance. I do not know whether our law permits this but these people ask for whopping 5-10 times of rent as "House Security" and while vacating the house, they deduct "one month rent" as " maintenance". most of the owners accept ONLY CASH as this all goes as "black money". Could you kindly start a forum/court where these kind of issues can be raised
0 0 Please centralize the RTO's in India. Give us the freedom to drive to any place in India without needing to pay road tax in every places. Citizens must be allowed to pay road tax only once and that must be valid in all the states of India irrespective of the time of stay in that state.
0 0 INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH - SUGGESTIONS -I HISTORIC 1.Agriculture Marketing Reforms - ‘One Nation One Market’ 2.India Bangladesh border issue resolved 3. Naga Peace Pact PROPOSED 3.‘Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Mission on Science & Technology’ 4. Creation of Indian Agriculture Rural Development Services, All India Judicial Services (All India Services) 5. 21st CENTURY INDIA – Hub of Aerospace, Defence manufacturing, Space Research Business Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
0 0 india first ............
0 0 START REAL ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT OF WOMEN (not hollow slogan of beti-bachao beti-padhao which is only for loot of scheme money by NGOs):Suggestions are reiterated--(a) Income-Tax exemptions to fathers having daughters,(b) Stamp duty, registration charges exemptions for properties registered in women name, (c)half fees at in central education institutions for girls, (d) facilitate women employee by liberal maternity,child-care,no-pay leaves (e) run only two schemes for women- safety and employment
0 0 Dear PM, My suggestions are: 1. What safeguards we have in place to ensure that our country does not get into a Greece-like crisis. 2. How are we promoting innovation (in a broad sense) in India to promote growth. 3. Our biggest strength, our population (particularly youth) seems to be migrating to developed countries for a higher quality of life. What are we doing about this? 4. Why are there so many restrictions Indian flag usage? Flag on Sachin Tendulkar's helmet being a case. Ram
0 0 Respected prime minister, Please help to maintain the dignity of women in our country.the rape cases are increasing at worrisome rate.we are afraid of men.we have lost our freedom,why nothing much is done to tackle this.porn sites are one of the major cause of instant rapes.it is deteriorating our culture and family values and relationships.even prostitution must not be legal in country.strict raids on hotels and such places .prostitution and porn sites have criticaly damaged our culture.
1 0 Sir i would suggest to launch an "e-notarisation" portal in order to enhance the Digital India program and the promotion of online payments for the issuing of notaries.This will make the notarisation process transparent & prevent the corruption induced by the mediators in the same process. Thank you.
0 0 Election reforms : Persons of national importance waste lot of time in campaign for state elections.In India, there is always an election. Sir, stop this double loss - money and time both (Lets think money is rotated in market for good) but the same time could be given to solving lot of pending problems of our nation. Make state election either midterm(2.5 yr) or at the time of LokSabha election as per need. Bureaucracy can manage states under Governor if President rule is necessary there.
0 0 As the nation is going to celebrate the 69th Independence day, I trust the PM's speech would include how to eradicate poverty,and to make use of the youth power to eradicate poverty. The internal security,where this has become a major aspect to think.
0 0 - Remove Poverty through Reservation (UDCS) System Update 1-Cast Base reservation replace by policy based on Income –Property value-Living Standards norms etc…. 2- Should be applicable to Govt-Corporate-Private sector job providing units & private school to give equal quality. 3- Unique Digital Card Reservation System (UDCRS) together with UID (more detail will share if reqd.) 4- Revise minimum qualifying norms 5- Revise  Category A:  BPL B-PL C-Middle Level vishal Jaska Vadnagar
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I am very happy that You call people views for your speech on great occasion of 15th August. In my view 1st say those Martyrs of country and their family welfare. 2nd say about NAKSALVAD and how free from this. 3rd say about Physically Disabled Person- a) How can give his /her  service in Government / country development? b) Welfare of physically disabled  persons - in employment, in Government Service  & his/her preferable posting ( native place). Namaste Sir.
0 0 Many terrorists from Pakistan are being killed in India and they are quietly buried in India and Pakistan claims that they are not encouraging terrorism. One solution is to return all the bodies of dead terrorists to their families in Pakistan, then it will be proven that these terrorists are from Pakistan. A morgue should be built in Wagah, near the border and the bodies can be kept there, until the family members come to claim the bodies.
1 0 Dear Mr.PM, Government is committed toward boosting our education system as can be seen from large number of education programmes.What it lack is participation from the rural families in getting their child enrolled.Installation of biometric attendance(Digital India)for teachers and students in schools should be made compulsory so that there can be transparency in the implementation  of these programs and also to monitor the efficiency of these programs.Hoping to hear that in your speech.
1 0 participate in all activities of life. Some of the differently-abled people are very talented & have done exceedingly well in life. The recent success stories in UPSC CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION shows their remarkable fighting spirit when it comes to dealing with their disability and succeeding despite all odds, which is celebration and triumph of human spirit. The need of the hour is to welcome them to mainstream of life with more ramps  wheelchairs/Braille system books in public places
1 0 Though a lot has been done by Government & various voluntary organisations for their welfare, there is a long way to go as lot more has to be done. First and foremost, the society’s perception and mindset about differently-abled people needs to change. People & organisations should realise that they are normal human beings and one among us & not discriminate during employment. The employment and vocational avenues for them should be widened & they should be given equal opportunity to participate
1 0 As the nation is going to celebrate the 69th Independence day, I trust the PM's speech would include a statement which would touch the hearts of many differently-abled citizens as India has one of the largest population of differently-abled people. The census shows that the population of differently-abled people has increased by 22.4% from 2.19 crore in 2001 to 2.68 crore in 2011.
0 0 Sir our solution of all the problems lies in cantrollig the Population.Please think about it.
1 0 Honorable Prime Minister, I want you to address on the ill-effects of caste based reservation system in our country. Reservation of seats should be for the poor and illiterate class whereas rich people in the cities are abusing this power. The needy people are not getting their rights. Also decreasing seats in gerenal category is a thread to poor people in that category. Hence, I suggest you to chane from the present "CASTE BASED RESERVATION" to "ECONOMY BASED RESERVATION".
0 0 Hello PM sir, First of all I want to congratulate you for all the initiative you have taken for the betterment of this country.My only suggestion would be to kindly modernize and modify our Police departments. Police in this country are doing excellent job but are most neglected personnel, My only request is to do something to boost their morale both physically and mentally. We need to restore faith back in our internal security dept. I request you on behalf of all of the hard working policeman.
0 0 PM Sir, Once you have given your commitment, Please Stick to it It will be gracious to you to announce the date of awarding OROP Sir, I hope you know Exservicemen,Officers ,and PBOR(Personel below officer Rank) are on Relay Hunger Strike for the last 53 days.Not even one minister of yours have visited gave them assurance.I am sorry to say this is not the way one treat our Veterns
0 0 Sir other than i am very much worry about our teaching system. teaching system options jada ho gaye hai aur fees bhi bahot jada hoti ja rahi hai .. next some of years again face problem for low teaching percentage
0 0 Sir, there must be some idea with govt regarding qualified educated people unemployment in India. Eg: In Andhra Pradesh there are lakhs of people studied B Ed, these youth are technically qualified for teaching. But there are no jobs are generating simultaneously. If jobs are not available why they should give new admissions for colleges. In May 10000 jobs are released, exams conducted nearly 5 lakh people written exam. This is huge gap between supply and demand.
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, Most respectfully it is suggested that the movement of  ''give up subsidy'' on domestic LPG Gas Cylinders may be provided with a certificate of appreciation that the person concerned has given up his/her subsidy for the cause of the nation. Sir, it can be highly motivational for a person to get a certificate (may be signed by the worthy yourself /or with a seal impression of the Govt. of India). If it is deemed fit the same may be announced from the Red Fort or later.
0 0 Respected Modiji, Bharat got independence 68 years ago, but we are yet to be fully educated of our fundamental rights and basic human rights. we got independence from the british rule, but we are yet to get independence from the conservative caste system, where there is a parallel government functioning in the name of caste. people are in constant fear of the caste panchayat.  please bring some measures to control these caste panchayats.
0 0 Respected Sir, sir i think hamko pehle indian muslim ko confident me lene ka kaam karna hoga. currently world me violence activity bahot jada ho rahi hai jisame only and only muslim log active hai. hamari country me bhi 20-25 % muslim hai to hame hamari taraf se unke liye sochkar good speech deni chahiye muze 100 % bharosa hai ki atlist 25 % muslim mese 15-20 % log samaz jayenge aur etna kafi hoga
0 0 sir i am doctor.over last few years no of doctors have increased dramatically ,thanks to private medical college.but have we concerned about quality of doctors we produce.everybody in our country will accept that today agents are doing admission whoever pays.how can we ignore it sir.MAKE EVERY MBBS COLLEGE MANDATORY TO TAKE STUDENT FROM SINGLE ENTRANCE TEST.PRIVATE MEDICAL COLLEGE ARE CONDUCTING EXAM,TAKING MONEY AND GIVING THEM RANK!IS THIS HOW DOCTORS ARE MADE!THINK SIR.address the problem plz
0 0 A National Population Control Rule should be made immidiately which will restrict every couple to have maximum 2 children irrespective of religion. However, the religions(or castes) having very less population can be given some relaxation. Those not obeying the rule should be strictly punished. This rule will enable every citizen to to have sufficient resources like food and jobs.
0 0 Dear PM, The whole country waits for an urgent initiative from you to solve the country's crushing population problem which is keeping all our development indices at rock bottom. You can declare the next 2 years NO-BABY years on the Independence Day. You may also mention that endless Reservations are responsible for the wide-spread incompetence and gross mismanagement of resources. Regards
2 0 Respected Sir, (1)Human values in the Educational system from the primary level has to be taught and inculcated. (2). Emphasis on Primary education with smart villages instead of smart cities. (3)Strengthening primary health facilities. (4)Much emphasis on higher education maintaining optimum student teacher ratio.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please remove the caste system from our country.
0 0 lets decide that we will not let any more farmers comit suiside ..it makes us hang our head in shame ..they are equivalent to our mother who feed us . PM pl set up mechanism by which without helping the farmers they can survive on their own . today our farmers dont get right price for the crops , becoz of exploitation by the middle man , who make good profit doing very less compared to the farmer . We Indians should learn to respect farmers as we do for doctors and engineers
0 0 Respected sir, the biggest and foremost concern is security of women .Your words means a lot.infuse sense of responsibility in youth.people are more active on social sites than in society.If in case of an EMERGENCY our neighbour  will help usfirst  than a facebook friend sitting 100 kms away.we all are kids of ONE GOD .treat mother ,sister or daughter of others as own.agar hum aaj kisi ki apne 2 hathon se help karenge to agar kabhi hame zaroorat padi then pramaatma 10 hath jaroor bhejega.
0 0 Let me 1st thank you for being the 1st PM to seek suggestions from its citizen.I would like you to talk upon:- 1. Woman Security- Its a generic topic, but I guess its of prime importance. When will our mother,sister and wife's feel secured & safe 2. Infrastructure-For India to be a super-power huge improvement in our infrastructure is needed.There are huge infra projects going on, but still we have potholes & road qualities 3. Our stand on Pakistan & till when will we have to tolerate them
0 0 I really appreciate this move by our respected PM. My suggestion is that whenever there is any disaster or natural calamity like flood and all, why do we always send our army , i think a different force with courage and bravery like that of army should be constituted only for this purpose which will definitely reduce our army's work pressure.
0 0 secondly ,we being an agricultural nation , how can we effort to lose so many of our farmers , who are forced to commit suicide. Dont we have any ways or means of stopping this . In the state like Maharashtra from where Subhash Palekar like people are teaching the world about Zero-Budget-farming ... why is govt. machinery not helping such low-cost techniques to be usedd widely . We are there becoz of these kissan , dont think just by starting a kissan channel we can deal with it
0 0 Respected PM, Talking on technological point of view we are the largest importer of defence equipments there is also large number of brain drain from our country because of lack of importance to it, we have started some initiatives but technologically our base is not strong we must introduce computer programming and other software developing language in our syllabus. As of now when students byheart it instead of understanding so introducing it will be technically good for our country.
0 0 Dear PM sir, one of the biggest difference of our nation from others is our judiciary system. But now the days our supreme court  is not accessible propeerly for ordinary people. Everyone around our country cant reach delhi for appeals and other purposes, becouse of this peoples not getting the use of our judiciary.. it would be perfect if there is a regional supreme court bench in each region(like south,west,nort,east)
1 0 you should start by giving an update of tasks that were taken up from last year ..what was accomplished and what were not... and why they were not ..and how to accomplish them. eg. Swach Bharat ..was a great point that you raised ... u also took the broom for once on the street and many followed to be photographed on media. Phir hum bhool gaye ... We need to keep the issue alive till it gets completed . we should benchmark against the developed nations of the world
0 0 Even without publicity people will go for petroleum products. This way we can save money and help poor. This is only one example. This way where ever add is not required, we can stop that and use that money for good things.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I want you to tell the people about some moral values as these values are missing in our society. People have become selfish.They don't care for anyone,anything.They must think about their works and their results on society and nature as well.
2 0 Hi Sir, I have one Idea which i Think will be a great help for our Swacch Bharath Abhiyaan. Sir, D main reason 4 dirty roads & streets is, people don’t find any nearby place to throw their waste / urinate. We need to build Toilets & Waste collection Bins at every 100 mts in every street & residential area. Also include this as MNREGA scheme. People will get job and also our streets will be clean. I am ready to volunteer for my city. No One wants to throw waste on roads. So Plz think on this
2 0 Dear sir, First I would like to thank for giving an opertunity to listen the people of India after winning an election. Secondly I would like to put a question front of you regarding the adds. We r always hearing petroleum companies are in loss and gov helping them to manage their loss. Also noways seeing lot of messages from gov to leave subsidy.An humble request, why this petroleum companies need adds?They r spending crors of rupees for adds, y this can be banned and can utilise this money
0 0 Please Find Enclosed File
0 0 resp. sir emphasis on citizens responsibility, rights & accountability. everyone expect from Gov. But when it comes to them no one contributes.there is lot of sound against you by opposition but people should know the truth because sometimes if a Lie is loudly repeated again & again then it may be taken as truth so beware of this, people expect from you on policy of terrorism, Drugs, Crime control with police behavior, a honest national police bureau & most imp early justice at low cost.
0 0 Dear sir Today education is  more for employment the curriculum is designed like that,this is limiting the scope of education, for  125 millions of India patents registering are around hundred per year. so more encouragement for researchers are needed in our India.so more emphasis on R & D is needed in all fields for cost effective living and human well being .Introducing scholarship, Schemes providing infrastructure   for encouraging  researchers in the name of great A.P.J.AbdulKalam sir.
0 0 Dear PM, Thank you for initiating and driving the Clean Nation- Swacch Bharat - programme. While you may have discussed this a lot, i strongly believe it is a topic that should resonate on independence day where we cleanse and free ourselves not only from dirty surroundings but of mind and body as well.
0 0 Our Country is now well Connected by Road,but not by Rivers, for recovering our Country from Water Scarcity Nation to Water Sufficient Nation,we need to link our rivers by Canals and create Dam for storing water.So that, if any chances of Flood in any river then easily divert the water through the help of Canal to another river and dam.
0 0 Respected Prime minister sir please more Emphasise  on quality of education in our country, let the national literacy mission more successful sir,still more than 50% of adults between age group of 15-24 are illiterate,in order to capitalise  our country demographic dividend education is key for sustainable India development.introduce morals, ethics and integrity in the curriculum at different stages of education. it will add value to education..thank you sir
0 0 Respected Sir, Safety for Woman and Children is of primary concern.  We can achieve  this using innovative and affordable technology.  Sir, this is possible by leveraging your vision of Make in India. Thank you.
0 0 Respected primeMinister sir, Extremism is one of the major threat to our country and innocent people are paying for this. Remedy is to enhance the scientific temper among the people especially youth not to join extremist outfits. Agriculture is backbone of our economy but farmer suicide is more these days because of crop failures. They have to be ensured with proper credit facilities. Women empowerment, increasing scope of "Beti Bachao Beti Padao" programme.Environment issue thank you.
1 0 Dear PM,  Your Swach Bharat initiative will go a long way in cleaning up cities and villages and inculcate good habits in citizens. As we march towards becoming a developed nation, we also need a more civilized society. When we leave our homes and walk or drive on streets, we need to recognize that our fellow citizens have a right to space. The rude behavior that is seen in our cities and the highways results in inconvenience and accidents. Your advice to citizens will again be very helpful.
0 0 Improving the daily life of citizens on a continual basis is the biggest proof-point of a working government. In that spirit, govt should pick a list of basic needs and show how those are improving on a regular basis. 1.	Quality Air 2.	Clean Water 3.	Un-interrupted Power Supply 4.	Pothole-free roads 5.	Health Care within a radius of 5KM Develop a score for each of these and demonstrate through a dashboard at http://india.gov.in/ how we are doing.
0 0 Views which i would like to be part of your I-Day speech : 1. Implementation of OROP. 2. Implementation of Swaminathan Committee recommendations 3. Curbing menace of Corruption with strong and deterrent Lokpal. 4. Quality teaching at primary and secondary levels. 5. The national leaders to shed their political affiliations and work for 'Nation' when an issue of national importance comes up.This is what every common Indian expects in a democracy.
0 0 Sir this independence day , let yourself talk about freeing one self from self barriers.Emotional barriers and move forward and do something with their lives.Even if it means selling tea.It doesn't matter , get up and DO SOMETHING! Also it will be good idea if you speak about people who judge others.Free your judging attitude.EVERY human is beautiful.Let and let live.stop fighting on the same of religion or gender preferences.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister sir, I would like you to take a view over "healthy body , mind and soul", addressing a problem regarding adulteration  of food items,cosmetics, the damage these industries are doing to is a very big concern. Every person in this country should be inspired to concentrate on their health since their childhood,as healthy eating and exercising  habits will ultimately make a person complete. A person with healthy body and healthy soul can achieve anything in this world
0 0 Uttarakhand is not well connected with train routes, even there are very less no of trains running. For example if somebody plans to go Nainital he has must to go Delhi for daily train or else from other places train connectivity is not proper. Please ensure a proper train connectivity to hill areas.
0 0 To ensure 100% voting aadhar can be used as a medium for electronic voting, aadhar has the data of all citizen of india along with registered mobile no., OTP will ensure the correct person with correct assembly and this will help in candidate voting from remote locations.
0 0 Respected PrimeMinister sir, Each and every central govt employee should serve in villages for 3-6 months to provide data pertaining to plans and policies of govt this will provide comprehensive and foolproof data.
0 0 As this in Independence day speech, I request Hon'ble Prime Minister should focus to make our country independent in field of fertilizers.In Villages we use our home-wastage as "GHOORA",that "GHOORA" is use as Bio-Fertilizer in Farming. In cities there should also initiate a proper channel to collect Bio-Waste of houses separately so it can use as Bio-Fertilizers after composition In homes we should use two dustbin (i) GREEN for Bio-wastage (ii) Blue or RED for Plastic or Non-Bio-wastage
0 0 Dear sir, I request you help the rubber farmers as their plight due to low prices drives many even to suicides.So sir i  sincerely request you to take the neccessary steps to save them from this misery.This situation is worse in states such as kerala and TN where many depends on ruuber farming.
0 0 2nd thing...i would like to mention is about women empowerment .I think that sef-defence should be made compulsory in all schools & colleges.As it help girls to move ahead & protect themselfes frm all notorious incidents. THNK U SIR..
0 0 Respected PrimeMinister sir There is a need to create social security fund .For this fund each and every employee of govt/pvt/puc/sectors is to contribute one days salary and equal amount shall be shared by govt.This fund will be used for old age pension free education  in schools and healthi insurance etc.
0 0 Respected P.M.,By Linking all Rivers from Kashmir to Kanyakumari all draught Areas will get suficient Water,with the Result Areas under Cultivation will increase and Agri Production will surpass China and also you can give More employment to Indian People for the Work of Linking all Rivers,like,Mason,Plumbers,Welders,Electricians,Carpenters,Skilled and Unskilled Workers. Also, along the Banks of Linked Rivers,the Government can Lease the Land for Establishing Factories to Reduce Unemployment.
0 0 respected sir... sir in our country medical facility is so poor. sir time has come to take this issue very seriously. because in civil hospital there is lake of facility and private hospital are ready to cut the pocket of people. so treatment of a poor person is very difficult. sir plz look into this matter. thank you very much. regards vikash yadav koslia
1 0 Respected PM of INDIA, Sir,i would like to mention few points on which i would request u to put ur attention: 1)reservations in govt jobs-iam not against the reservation provided to the backward classes of our country,but sir they had  alot of fee concession & along with marks concessions too. i think money concession is ok but plz dnt provide marks concession as it will put away many talent out of tht paticular job  & sir plz conform the family background of the paticular candidate.
1 0 Dear Sir, please increase the age limit for women in job, they get married at age 24 after that pregnancy takes 09 months, then after till 03 years they cant do any job because of child care and by that time they get over age. This is injustice with womens of our country please do something.
0 0 Dear sir, MBBS seats are being filled in private medical colleges mainly on the basis of donations and this a really worrisome trend. The government should make all efforts in bringing out quality doctors and medical seats should be offered only on merit basis and private medical colleges should admit students based on only government selection criteria as it s a matter of human lives.If selection criteria for entry and quality of education is uniform, it can save a lot of lives
0 0 Modi ji's Manki Bhat is not from his Maan but only from Lips.  Village people don't want Lips sympathy but some one really speaks from heart. Man me Secularisim - Bhaat me Hinduism, Man me Gujarat - Bhaat me Bharat, Man me Capitalist - Bhaat me Socialist, Man me Power - Bhaat me Poor.  This kind of hypocrisy will not lost for long.  Man ki bhat will reflect in action not in Bhaat.
0 0 Unified Quality Education for all children using emerging technologies.  We need to identify the talented faculty, content creators (Authors), and technology consultants to innovate an approach to achieve this.  With this education systems, all children are guaranteed a quality education irrespective of their economic background.
1 0 Gandhiji talks about Rural Development " India Lives in Village" Modi ji talks about smart cities "Is India live in Cities". Modi Government talk volumes of poor in cities but no one bothers about Village poor farmers. Nothing has been done for betterment of their lives.  Rural Sanitation, Road, Drinking Water, etc. politicians forgotten because all most all the politicians elevated from Cities, lives in City, thinks for City. In fact, at the cost of Village poor.
0 0 Respected PM g! I request you to take initiative for having a common civil code in our country which has been pending for long I think as progressive nation we must have it!
0 0 Dear sir, 1.  Currently the situation of our agricultural sector is not very appreciative in some parts of our country because of the deficient monsoons.In these circumstances Please give confidence to the farmers about the plans of govt. during the times of distress.As recent reports suggest increase in farmer suicides,these words of hope may help them to come out of their pschological trauma.
0 0 One of the main assurance given when NDA was voted to power last year under your dynamic leadership was " a corruption free good governance for the benefit of the common man of the country and its upbringing with main focus on overall development". Now after one year on the eve of first independence day the media highlight throughout is about allegations of corruption here & there and all are utterly confused with doubts. We expect some concrete steps planned whenever such allegations are faced.
0 0 One of the main assurance given when NDA was voted to power last year under your dynamic leadership was " a good corruption free good governance for the good of the common man of the country and its upbringing with main focus on overall development". Now after one year on the eve of first independence the media highlight throughout is about allegations of corruption here & there and all are utterly confused with doubts. We expect some concrete steps planned whenever such allegations are faced.
0 0 It is hurting to know that farmers are committing suicide. I hope you will announce measures to save their life. Loan weaving is not a solution to it. i recommend1) Increase ICAR-KVK with well qualified scientist to help farmers to get proper information of cultivation and for adopting new technology. It will reduce cost of cultivation.2) when farmer harvest their crop and bring it to the market, they will get less price. Make MSP binding on all traders, it should be more than cultivation cost
0 0 Respected PM, I wld like to bring to your kind notice that if India's Economy is to be  enhanced to a great extent, all the rivers from Ganges to Thambrabarani are to be linked together along with their tributories on war footing on PPO mode. By this the trading alonge  with the linkeage of rivers on both borders of the linked rivers the business & trading will flourish by Make in India policy.  Thank you.
0 0 As this is Independence Day speech. I request Hon'ble Prime Minister should focus to make the country independent in the field fertilizers. If every should use two dustbin (i)Green for Bio-wastage: That will go for composition that gives us Bio-Gas and wastage as Bio-Fertilizers will help to reduce fertilizers import. That should supply to farmers in subsidies rate. (ii) REd or Blue: For Plastic waste Collectors also collect in two different parts and treat them separately
0 1 Honorable PM , Facilities to educate is being provided to the reserved categories by our Govt. which is appreciated.But pre preparation of jobs (e.g.in banking sector for applying a post UR:600 rupees and reserved :100 rupees),selection procedure, promotion  should not have those criteria.Our Govt. is providing optimum education to them means they become eligible at the end. Again RELAXATION should not be given by harassing the eligible candidates &
0 0 Respected sir, his trha se terrorist interference bd rhi hai. Usko dekhte hue Hume police  department main work krne wale hr ek ko teaser gun di jay. jisse ki 26/11 m jitene officer ki death Hui thi waisa na ho. Because dande(stick) se pakadne m bohot danger rheta hai. Jai hind jai Bharat jai Bhim.
0 0 Dear pm sir, jai hind !!! As we all are going to celebrate the independence day on 15th .Instead of celebrating one day we should organise a 1 week celebrations or at least 3 to 4 days  as independence day week in the whole country,for our beloved motherland "bharat",as i live in rajasthan we celebrate rajasthan divas  which govt celebrates 4 to 5 days organising cultural events & and we also organise nri prawasi bhartiya diwas in the month of january for 2 or 3 days.if we do this for other events why not for our own independence day. so please kindly ponder over my thought vande mataram !!!
1 0 Respected Sir, Recently the age of retirement in government employees has been increased from 60yrs to 65- 70 yrs. Kindly rethink about this decision in view of giving opportunity to the aged to work you are taking away the opportunity of the young and innovative people who are fit in all the ways to work but are not getting employment opportunity just because seniors are not retiring. Thank you Sir.
1 0 India has one of the largest population of differently-abled people.Though a lot has been done by Govt &voluntary organisations for their welfare, there is a long way to go as 1st & foremost, the society’s perception and mindset has to change. People/organisations should realise that they too are normal human beings and one among us.They should not be discriminated during employment. Recent success stories shows their fighting spirit.need to welcome them with more wheelchairs/ramps/braille books
0 0 there are two major issues facing today.. farmer suicides. parliament non function. the people who form the basis of the economy are facing so many difficulties because of challenges in agriculture sector.. people who are the very top and expected to frame rules/policies are not allowed to work due to dirty politics or rather state of politics in this country. not only we need reforms in agriculture sector , we also need reforms of politics. can we speak about this on 15th aug.
1 0 Mr. Prime Minister of Bharath, Sir: Calling ourself Indians and Calling our land India is a travesty. All right thinking people know INDIA and INDIANS is anglicized term of people beyond Indus Valley. Bharat, Bharath, Bharata, Bharatam, Bhārat, or Bhārata Desam is only term that is in all our scriptures ( 18 Puranas and Ithigasas ). Even today "Bhārat Gaṇarājya" is officially used. Dear sir, Only you can make the change to call ourself by our 7000 year old heritage identity.
0 0 Dear sir, I would like to hear about the reforms in women empowerment .we are saying that our economy gonna surpass the china's economy,its good for our country.BUT,THE POSITION OF WOMEN IN THE SOCIETY IS SAME WHEN COMPARED TO THE PAST,NO GROWTH AND NO CHANGE.NO CHANGE IN THE LIVES OF POOR AND SCHEDULED TRIBES.GOVERNMENTS NEW POLICY "BETI BACHAO,BETI PADHAO" is good,it should begin from the villages.
0 0 Pranams ji Please do give more emphasis on R&D. Please talk about science and technology on independence day since science could cure all evils in the society and it could give amiable life to lower stratum people. Thanks ji
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister should clear the now a days Hindus and Hindustan..on the issues of cow slaughtering in India...that as our Great Ancestors Gandhiji, Ambedkarji..allowed India to be secular ..we can't oppose it right now And if we allow so..India may face further partition...!
0 0 Hello Sir Pollution big challenge to people & environment. One small step Compulsory Vehicle Testing every six months. Also jobs for many , each vehicle minimum 5 people . Testing charges can be easily paid vehicle owners. Hefty fines may make people go for testing. Thanking you.
1 0 Request you to have a floating National Capital..PMO dept should also function in North Eastern and Southern part of India #IndependenceDay
0 0 Respected Sir, I am happy to be a part of Nation Building through you.I appreciate your interactive methods of governance.Bridging the Gap between INDIA and BHARAT should be Your priority.As our imbalances or inequality in Social, cultural, Economical,and Regional should be abolished(National Integration possible only through this way).
1 0 PM Mr Modi Sir I do not think u r d right soul 2 ascent d adorable ramparts of Red Fort. Many of ur speeches u uttered BACCHE DESH KE BHAVIS HAI only speeches no action. Priority sector EDUCATION lacked ur attention many capable students able 4 higher education & cn clout incredible growth next generation capable female students r thrown 2 grind between family & tandoor, they r left behind just 4 SAKE PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES PM Mr MODI do u have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA SPEECH
0 0 Dear Sir, Our India may be the only country in the world where the military veterans, including the war disabled have to resort to the ongoing prolonged hunger strike to get their legitimate right of 'One Rank One Pension' (OROP)which you promised more than a year back.We listen to your 'Man Ki Baat', now please listen to our'Jan Ki Baat', and declare implementation of OROP as per the approved definition. Jai Hind.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I submit my idea for the Independence Day speech. "CHEMICAL FREE GRAIN STORAGE REVOLUTION IN INDIA". India needs inventions especially in grain storage science since around 60 million tonnes of our farmers hard earned grains are stored in government godowns besides seed/grain stored at farm and home. I am the Indian scientist who made India as one of the world leaders in the above science. www.mohantrap.com India needs stored grain protection revolution.
0 0 I request you to Sir, please do something so that peoples of my country realise and restrict population.  Without Controlling population we cannot achieve target for making my country super power. Another  appeal to  request all religious leaders of all religions to boycott Chinese products, in which manner all the time China creating problems for us.  I know within the government its impossible for you.  But our religious leaders take up this issue and appeal to buy only Indian Products.
0 0 Mr. Modi, At least be honest on the independence day and confess before the nation that you actually represent the capitalist class of this country. You have indeed brought 'Achche Din' for the moneybags. Will you admit that you have betrayed the common man of this country?
0 0 Dear PM , I feel that the Independence Day in India has become a govt affair,without any genuine mass people's participation,I would request the govt to evolve suitable policies to ensure mass participation  and to instill patriotism in the minds of the young generation,with warm greetings and best wishes,Shivprasad,Thiruvananthapuram
0 0 media must behave more responsibly and refrain from character assassination of dignitories, politicians, saints, etc. as well as from maligning national image abroad, but focus on constuctive discussions/criticism and on serious issues of concern/national pride. same is for the political parties in opposition. other issues of importance are environment, rising population and decentralisation, planned growth of cities, development of trasport and other infrastucture, bread and employment for all.
0 0 Respected Sir,You have introduced many initiatives but the problem is, did people benefited from that...?,did people know that gov has initiated such and such program...? When comparing to our population,for me personally it hadn't reached to every corner of India. If You share your thoughts in these areas it could be much helpful and my comment may not be a adequate for independence day but you can share it on some unofficial days. THANKYOU
0 0 Respected Sir, Now a days where we all are talking about giving jobs. I request to please speak about mentoring as well because people like me who have ideas but don't get adequate mentoring like how to frame and go about it. I don't have money and experience. Request you to please speak from where we can get dedicated mentors who will understand us and can give us a positive back up support. Request you to please create a STRONG PLATFORM out of it.
0 0 Reapected PMji, Unemployment is the main issue. Still the case is, poor are still poor, and middle class in middle class, but rich are becoming richest... Studying Higher Education is the main problem for poor or middle class people. which is causing financial barriers so they are not earning much. There is a need to conveptualise the learning from school life and we need to improve education quality from root level to increase boldness in young people so that they can choose their best path.
0 0 although having huge resources India's central-eastern region is not so well developed eg. chhatisgarh, jharkhand, odisha. as because of capital Delhi the nearby state like Punjab, Haryana, west U.P are all well developed. also because of various sea ports other states get benefited. why can't we shift our capital from northern India to at least central India.so that every state have equal access to the capital whether it is east west north south. also south India people comes closer to north.
0 0 Is br sir 15 August ko plastic bag k liye mna kijiye mujhe bharosa hai sb pkka ap ki bat manenge or is br sir farmers k liye boliye v or kuchh kijiye kahi jayiye kisano se miliye kisan netao se nhi please
0 0 Honourable Prime Ministerji,   Please to speak in Nationalization of all Rivers and stop producing Alcohal
0 0 Respected Sir, I would suggest the following theme: "Eradication of Poverty -- To facilitate minimum food/Calorie intake to all" Our country's reputation is being spoilt mainly due to our people  dying or become sick due to not having minimum calorie intake. Introduction of various Schemes by Govt agencies were not able to address the core issues. This is a serious challenge to all. With regards,
0 0 Hon'ble sir ap is bar farmers k liye boliye or is br kuchh Nya krte huye achank kahi jayiye nhi to ab sir public ka bharosa uth rha hai ap k upr se please kuchh kijiye Uttar Pradesh jayiye nhi to agli bar Har pkki hai sir or fir hm Hindu ki to waise v koi nhi sunta ap v nhi sun rhe sir please ab bolne ka time gya ab kuchh kijiye
0 0 Respected Sir, Very happy onyour initiative on Digital India. Now world is on finger tips & the network made us nearer. TV channels are not affordable &to be brought under one umbrella with packages & charges affordable to one and all.Common man use only one or two channels in a day and forced to pay Rs.250/700 for 200/300 channels. Why not it be brought under "Charge per usage time" on prepaid or post paid basis like mobile and internet packages.It will help one&all "Ghar Ghar me bhi khush"
0 0 There is an impression that reforms planned [ like smart cities] and initiated are for the corporates, rich and urban populace.I would like Hon PM to talk about creating smart villages  with appropriate infrastructure and agricultural means to implement organic farming ,best farming practices and outlets for food storage,preservation, packaging and marketing to add to farmers wealth and raise their standard of living.Private and government agencies can adopt some villages and make them smart
0 0 sir, i would like to draw your attention on the people killed cause of stampede . can we not make an effective team so that we can weed out stampede deaths from our country. i request you to kindly consider this. may all their souls rest in peace.
0 0 Petrol prices will actually be decontrolled.The fall in global oil prices will proportionally reduce the local prices.The deconteolled measure wont be used only when prices are increasing. People will be bear the impact and be benefitted and not exploited.
0 0 Contd... from previous post Every tom dick and harry misuses the name of common man when they say " Yeh ham nahi, aam janata pooch rahi hain". Its my humble request to you if you can bring some check points for this menace Importantly, can you please pass a resolution that 90% of the parliaments time should be spent on discussing policies and bills and other constructive discussions during every single session and the rest will be for the rest
0 0 Stop producing plastic bags. No use of telling people to stop using plastic bags. Let the government order the ban of plastic bag production all over India with immediate effect. Increase the production of paper and fabric bags.
0 0 Modiji, Appko Saadhar Pranam. It is has been painful last few days seeing the taxpayers money being wasted in stalling the proceedings of the parliament.I Understand every party has right and duty to ask the justification for whatever they think is wrong with the present government. I appreciate constructive disruption. But the present situation is going beyond the limits. Contd... in next post
0 0 POPULATION CONTROL- Respected Prime Minister Sir. Population in India should be controlled so that all problems are resolved.
0 0 Sir, My humble comments are: 1.  Unified civil code 2.  Speedy judiciary 3.  After seeing the way our parliament function, one wonders do we need Lok Sabha & Rajya Sabha, instead of one Lok Sabha. There should be some code of conduct for Parliamentarians.  MP's are making mockery of parliament. They have spoiled the sanctity of the place. Punish them even more severely if they don't obey rules. Otherwise people will lose confidence.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, 1) Today we are seeing lot of road accidents and seeing more lives are Lost. Hence your Independence day you should talk about Road safety 2) Other Point is How to keeping up a healthy Lifestyle . 3) Humanity is other Important topic you need address to the Nation. ( Importance of Human Values ) 4) Postiive thinking
0 0 Dear PM,On this independence day lets start a initiative to transform how justice is deliver in our country.Highlights of that initiative can be court working 24X7 where we can have judges working in shifts(8 a.m-5 p.m..etc) so that same court resources cane be shared,no need to build new courts.If that can be done it will be biggest achievement for government as a common man will be able to feel the goodness that been done by government to him with justice getting delivered in time to him/her.
0 0 Respected Sir, My suggestion as well as request for "One India One Education Plan". The main reason is Today Education has become business in India. Bringing Education Fully Under Government Control can make Education "Corruption Free" and make every Indian Educated.
0 0 Support SWARAJ * Encourage Small & Medium Enterprises * Road side vendors are back-bone of society * Strong and speedy Justice on equal footing * Strong Anti-corruption law and independent enforcement with NO exception. If our India is made corruption free and living cost and conditions will be the best.
0 0 Please declare welfare packages for private employees employed in private institutions. Central and state governments declare revised packages in terms of salary, pension, etc. periodically to benefit government employees as if they are the only people working in and for the country. There is no mechanism to ensure private institutions implement such rules and regulations if any at all. Let us constitute a Pay Commission similar to that of bodies assisting the govts decide financial benefits.
0 0 Respected PM, I am critic of yours. I would like to see the steps not only announced but taken and to be taken with immediate effect regarding eradication of Corruption from the grass-root. Besides the steps so fare taken and to be taken forthwith regarding the corrupt peoples in your cabinet and in the parliament and in state assemblies. We need speedy and independent Judiciary and investigation agencies. Need of the hour if stable IAS officers' appointment with NO frequent transfers.
1 0 Dear Sir, An National Institute of Excellence to be set up at Ramanathapuram, Tamilnadu adjacent to the place where Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's mortal remains was laid to rest as a mark of respect to our beloved former President.
0 0 speech subject 'Hypocrisy' which is the reason for : 1. failure of govt initiatives taken with good intentions, e.g.swachchh bharat was intended to change our mindset towards cleanliness. But was used photo opportunity. Also, lot of public money wasted for purchase of brooms/refreshment/advtment. 2. IITian are generally not successful in Govt sector. 3. Foreign Rule for centuries. 4. Brain drain to western  countries. 5. Indisciplined society. 6. Lack of patriotic nationalism.
0 0 Dear Sir,with respect to the Independece Day speech, i humbly submit my suggestion of starting the K.A.L.A.M initiative.(Knowledge And Learning to Assist Mankind).It is a multi-disciplinary platform that would serve to bring all innovative ideas and suggestions regarding various fields that will be directly examined by the Union government and suitably referred to the state governments with the end objective of all these innovations being transferred to the most disadvantaged sections.
0 0 Sir, you should call upon for a new revolution. This revolution akin to our freedom struggle should be for freedom from various ills in our society and for new era of development which you have started. It must be emphasized that revolution must come from citizens themselves, the citizens should not only act in a responsible manner but also teach, influence and correct wrong people. Like for swacch Bharath to be successful we should not only keep clean but also influence others to do so.
0 0 Aadhaar The Prime Minister may reassure people that maximum governance would respect right to privacy of persons and would not let Aadhaar to tarp persons into digital vortex except through appropriate legislation.
0 0 COLLECTOR :: Sir, this post/designation is among the residues of colonial rule, which reminds of the atrocities of British. Revenue Collection, come what may was primary intention behind this designation. I humbly suggest this post is changed to something more suitable to a democratic system. District Executive Office or Manager, regardless of this sounding more corporate, which is lesser evil then being reminded of the exploitative colonial rule. With respects B Pramod Nair
0 0 Pnachayti Raj:Initiative to take Democracy to grassroot level.Youth power have a great urge to develope india,biasing them in helping local governance with innovative ideas with respect to various fields like medicine,communication,engineering,agriculture,climatic change..Gram,Panchayat Smiti,Zilla parishad all must enclos a group of young qualified youngsters who have ideas to throw away traditional ideas with innovative modern one.Digitization will be taken to grassroot levels.
0 0 Regulating Pollution: India is coping with climatic change we have to bring down AIQ.We can bring down AIQ by encouraging the public to use Public Mass Transport system(PMTS).We can give credit point to people who use PMTS through credit points we can enable them a facility of waiving a quarter or a part of their travel fee and the system goes on.PMTS can be made smart systems attract commuters.Instead spending crores of INR for coping against Climatic change .Spending for prevention seems good.
0 0 sir,2 years later a online portal for technical portal launched NPTEL but today a online library which can easily access for general public and have large collection of books related to technical education.it help lot of students which help those students who doesnot have enough money to buy books
0 0 Respected sir, I here proposing my ideas about change in Education Value system.Quality education for all:So many NGOs today is playing main part in educating the children of rural and economic backward classes.And still we got 68% illiterates.Why cant we club the youth power from NGO who got the innovative teaching ideas with the primary and secondary schools.Teachers of schools and NGO volunteers can bring up the magic,Digital India can be taken to grassroot level
0 0 Respected sir I would like you to put some focus on the increasing rate of crimes against women in India. We were promised before the elections that strict regulations will be made in such regard but little has been done till date. It would be very greatful of you if could do some thing regarding this issue especially in BIMARU areas.... Thank you
0 0 Dear Sir, With Regards to Independence Day Speech, it will be great if the notion of Water Purification and Water Conservation can be promoted. With world population growing exponentially, natural resource conservation is imminent. Hence, will be nice if our beloved PM show sight of it. Thanks in advance and Have a Great Day. #PM #IndependenceDay #15thAugust
0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister, I would want to draw your attention towards state subject : The Police. I do not think I need to emphasise the importance of police in our day to day lives. Be it the traffic police who ensure smooth traffic flows in the city, or the city police forces who work day in and out to ensure our protection from any kind of untoward incidents. If you could please speak and focus attention of people and governments to this subject of "Police Reforms"
0 0 Dear sir, I would like to put some light on so called Dark continent! Yes it's Africa. Today may be the African majority of countries are poor and don't have basic thing in place, but sir this is the continent which is bulged with natural resources. So I would be requesting the diplomatic community which is based in all the African countries should come out of the office and start finding the business opprortuinutues, offer infra to them and we can get lot of access to natural resources !
0 0 Sir, 2 years back our well waters were polluted with drainage water. We have won the case against Mangalore City Corporation both at the District Forum and at the State Forum under Consumers Protection Act. Now instead of replacing the defective drainage sytem the Mangalore City Corporation has taken the matter to the National Commission in New Delhi. This is how the corrupt system is fighting against the people. Swatch Bharat has becom a swapna to residents of Mangalore.
0 0 1. As the Hon'ble PM is aware, veterans and family pensioners of the Indian Armed Forces are keenly awaiting implementation of OROP which has been promised to them by the PM himself on a number of occasions. They would appreciate an announcement giving a firm date for implementation of OROP. 2. An ugly face off between the Delhi CM and the Lt Gov has effectively paralysed governance in Delhi leaving the common citizen in the lurch. PM may announce suitable remedial measures.
0 0 As a fitting tribute pl declare “Abdul Kalam Incentive Scholarships” - AKIS - for school Students.  Full IT exemption for contribution to AKIS accounts. No cheque withdrawals – only transfers to student a/cs.   Allow cash deposits and Foreign donations.  Give monthly scholarships of Rs.177/- for girls and Rs.100/- for boys. Pay quarterly in advance for all students as funds accumulate. Self sustainable without any Govt. funding. Allow local NGOs to open AKIS, supervision by District Collectors.
0 0 I am working as Assistant Commissioner in Commerical Tax Department in Karnataka. Recently I was assigned 2 months assignment to tackle rampant evasion in commercial tax. I have a given a report regarding the huge generation of black money. Instead of acting on the report I am now being targetted. Kindly provide me a chance to exchange my information with you, Sir.
1 0 Modi Sir, if we are on growth path we have to take all of us together. In my view below are the top concerns 1. Education reformation : Now it is a business to open a school,play school, making it popular through activities,dress code,big dignitaries & huge tution fees, where mostly the middle class people are getting suffered. If a person is spending 20% of his income in their kid education, & that too in private organization, where no regulation is there from govt, Solution : 1. Some regulation should come from govt. to regulate the tution fees, admission fees 2. This is the primary requirements of Indian citizen, can not be & should not be used as a huge money making business 3. Govt should come up with a concept like modernization of Govt school with all the amenity like private school, good teachers, reasonable tution & admission fees & marketing on the same 4. Govt can come up with new age school in all the major city. We have to take strong decisions to reform this sector. All the major developed countries have excellent education system & that too free with free medical & free medicines. Now Indian citizen are spending more in Education & health because Govt facilities are not near to the benchmark. Why we can not come up with some solutions. I am sure all the political party will support on this reform. Let's do it Modi ji. Thanks for reading. Suryakant
0 0 C
0 0 Resp. Sir ! Jaise #sefiewithdaughter ka aapne appeal kiya to khoob asar hua usi tarah se yadi aap sabko kahen ki Sabhi log apne apne bicycle ke saath selfie post Karen aur 1 week me kam se kam 2 din ya 1week me kam se kam 10 km cycle chala kar apna aawasyak kaam kar le to mahine me 40 km cycle se pura kiya gaya kaam Desh ko petroleum products se aatmnirbhar banayega. Aur Desh ka Paisa aur environment par Iska kaafi asar padta jisse HUMARE Desh ki pragti aur vikash hota. Jai Hind ! Thanks!
1 0 Mangalyaan has helped India enter the elite club of nations reaching Mars. This is not enough our next goal should be to establish a presence on Mars. I feel proud that scientists of my nation are capable of taking India to Mars. But do we want to just have a small rendezvous with the red planet? Are we going to be content with being the 5th/6th country in the world to do something significant? Is it not time for us to take the lead in the next frontier--the space? We have to dream big and lead.
0 0 It's time to make a north eastern city as "winter capital" or "digital capital" of India
0 0 It is time we overhaul the education system. We create two types of students: elites who study CBSE and ICSE, state syllabus. All these syllabi must be unified; we should give all our children a quality syllabus in mother tongue. Our system has become so impotent that a laborer in Kerala earns upwards of Rs 650 (for exactly 7 hours work) a day, while a post graduate get Rs 7000 a month. Even a MBBS doctor gets just Rs 10,000 in pvt hospitals! I am sure you will address this issue soon. Thanks
0 0 1.enable heavy donation seat in gov clg for good functioning(5% will be enough for administrative help). 2. accinet case :-helping hand must be considered safest and free emergency treatment to bpl holders 3.give extremist(naxal) a chance to return on independence day (let them begin afresh u will hv less future problem and a peaceful nation) 4.national wide exam for every level for excelent gov eduction facilty for bpl holders. 5.ONE moblie application for registering ALL gov. complains.
0 0 2/2 sports facilities at smaller towns . 6.Remember P V Narshimha Rao as crusader of reforms in India . 7.Significance and importance of Nort East state for us and our importance for them 8.Racist attacks 9.Universal health insurance 10. Job opportunities for youth not in MGNREGA but in real respected areas. 11.Defining India's soft power .
1 0 Resp. Sir ! I  Sunil Misra lives in Varanasi  U.P. Main chahta hun ki aap 15.08.15 ko apne bhasan me Sabhi se appeal Karen ki Desh ko aatmnirbhar banana hai to Sabhi ko ane Kuch aawasykta karya BICYCLE se karne chahiye. Yadi har prakar ki gaadi chalane wala kam se kam ek week me 2 din bicycle chalayega to Desh ka aarthik bhala hoga. Iske aur bhi prabhav honge jaise uska apna swasthya thik hoga. Environment par asar hoga aur Cycle udyog se rojgaar badhega. Aap kahenge to sab pe asar hoga.
0 0 Spirit of TEAM work. "None of us is as strong as all of us." Accountability for MLAs and MPs in building the infrastructure of the nation. If public input grievances it has to allotted a docket number linked to officers/ MLAs / MPs and the status has to be updated in special website so that public can view. A special column to be included to indicate the age of the complaint.
2 0 Modi Sir, if we are on growth path we have to take all of us together. In my view below are the top concerns 1. Education reformation : Now it is a business to open a school,play school, making it popular through activities,dress code,big dignitaries & huge tution fees, where mostly the middle class people are getting suffered. If a person is spending 20% of his income in their kid education, & that too in private organization, where no regulation is there from govt, Solution : 1. Some regulation should come from govt. to regulate the tution fees, admission fees 2. This is the primary requirements of Indian citizen, can not be & should not be used as a huge money making business 3. Govt should come up with a concept like modernization of Govt school with all the amenity like private school, good teachers, reasonable tution & admission fees & marketing on the same 4. Govt can come up with new age school in all the major city. We have to take strong decisions to reform this sector. All the major developed countries have excellent education system & that too free with free medical & free medicines. Now Indian citizen are spending more in Education & health because Govt facilities are not near to the benchmark. Why we can not come up with some solutions. I am sure all the political party will support on this reform. Let's do it Modi ji. Thanks for reading. Suryakant
0 0 Please announce "Ghao Chalo" movement....make each village self reliant and modern, and create more jobs in villages.....as most of the ex-servicemen live in villages, announce "OROP" and give them more responsibilities in the villages....
1 0 Dear Sir these are my ideas, hope they reach up to you. 1. Education- every one wants to finish his/her higher education in government institute but primary in private schools.You can speak on it. 2. Health of public library , they are highly inadequate and pooly managed especially Delhi Public Library. 3.Pension @ par freedom fighters to those who sacrificed their life during emergency for democracy for us. 4. Contributions of ancient philosophers and scholars like Aryabhatta, Bramhagupta.
0 0 1.I am clg student from tamilnadu.I have read the ragging  cases reported to UGC in last 7 seven years.only 66 FIR. it was far beyond reality. almost all the students are getting ragged by seniors. plz make some announcement on this .This issue is increasing clg droupout. But most of the students are hesitate share this even with thier parents. 2.cut taxes on petrol and diesel. 3.Give education on corruption 4.Announce the national policy on liquor prohibhition
0 0 Please press for law and order is same for everyone. And encourage rewards for those public and police personals who will raise their hand against big name and take action against them for anything that is violating law and order. This will encourage good citizens and discourage atrocious/bad/awful citizens/people. And this is only thing that can help to transform our nation from developing to developed!! vande mataram..!!
0 0 cont.to last suggestion 4.Give people a day to make public there black money prior to today's date,pay 50% as tax and keep the remaining with you(happy people n economy) 5.Announce no roaming charge within India 6.give sub-cede on green equipment and ask to pan card holders for no sub-cede in lpg(you hv account no) 7.bring temple's property to national property(international economy boost) and use it for developing gurukul system and restoring history n extention research of indian research
0 0 respected sir, I want to suggest few ideas to you for independence day announcement :- 1.Strengthening the basic education system by conducting a national level exam for panchayt and allowing 5-10 student each to get good gov. eduction facility (not a big deal but a smart step only need to fig out and ensure things). 2.Transferring 2% reservation from whole reservation(not adding any more resevertion) to gov listed beggar n coolies(lower section job) 3.launch police help mobile application
0 0 Sir, there should be a curriculum in school level itself to train the students to fight against corruption in any form.
0 0 Sir, You have to impress upon Indians to take up discipline in their lives. If we have to progress and counted amongst top nation of the world, one very important things is discipline. Road discipline - Lane driving, minimum use of horns, NO road rage Business conduct discipline - Attending meetings in time, honouring agreements Hyegenic discipline - Ensuring that garbage is not disposed off in streets. Under Swach Bharat, why dont you initiate PPP for power generation from urban waste.
0 0 Dear Sir,  Great step in celebrating National Handloom Day. To nourish Handloom industry we should be first users of its products. I request PM to declare a day in week as Handloom day,eg. Wednesday. On this day,  all public sector and Govt employees should wear Handloom dress. This will help in more  buying of products by Indian public and poor farmers and weavers will get benefits out of this. Such steps will enhance   make in India initiative also.
0 0 Respected and dear sir, Namaste. Pl talk about integrated teaching that facilitates Medical Care and Primary Health Approach to ensure Health for All. Basic Education and not stuffing young minds with information is the primary requirement to promote independent and rational thinking that can mitigate 'Bharat Durdasha' (Bharatendu Harischandr.  M S Sridhar, MD(GM);MD(SPM);MD(Psy)
0 1 Dear Sir, i have enclosed some ideas.
0 0 Namaskaram #PM sir during #IndependenceDay speech you can cover following topics, 1) Second green revolution since farmers are facing huge problems to get loans and crop loss due to drought and floods. 2) Good roads for villages so that every village is linked to towns and cities. 3) Environmental protection and smart city development. 4) Vision 2020.
1 0 Dear Sir We would like to hear and request you to take initiation and implementation from this I-Day on three things. 1: Next two years roadmap to save our farmers and boost our agriculture. 2: On how we can curb commercialization of education. 3: Boost our Make in India programme by starting Made by India rather than just Made in India.
0 0 Dear Sir, You may talk on ROAD SAFETY : As we all know that OVER SPEEDING is the TOPMOST contributor in the fatal accidents happening every 4 minutes in INDIA.So,WE have to work towards this .My suggestion would be to LAUNCH LONG TERM PROJECT to install speed sensors on all the crossings in the city and a speed warning signals on all Highways and anybody crossing the limits to be apprehended on real time basis & face severe punishment ,Thanks aL
0 0 Let us celebrate the birthday of Dr.A.P.J.Abdul kalam as the NATIONAL PATRIOTISM DAY As we all know He is a great patriot,besides a great scientist.
0 0 I wish sir, on 15 you should mention child labor & how we can overcome this.
0 0 One of the reasons for poor export performance in Latin America ( despite the apparently high figures half of it is diesel ) of manufactured goods is poor brand perception of India. A brand india fund needs to be set up with corporates contributing 50 percent and government 50 percent to create an umbrella branding campaign for positive stories about Indian business . For instance brazil public does not know +iv experience of Marcopolo making buses in India or  Indian Generics helping Brazil.
0 0 Please look into complaints about 1. corruption 2. non issue of courier licenses 3. misuse thereof.4. harassment in the name of double KYC  for import of letters/ parcels at Mumbai airport and other gateways, Not a good sign for trade and ease of doing business. needs investigation please.
0 0 The present concern is related to the electoral rolls and Voter I'd card. Most of the present youth are working and studying outside their home state. During the time of elections,we're unable to vote as our name is not there in the electoral list as we were not present in the home state when the officials come to confirm the identity. We are unable to vote in the migrated state as well as our name is registered in the home state.Please look into this issue as we are unable to contribute.
0 0 Please talk more about tolerance and co-existence in the wonderful Indian society. Please talk about growing trees and encourage every Government institution and officials from the ground till the parliament about encouraging growing trees. This should be a serious talk and not another show off event like the "Swachh Bharat" campaign.
0 0 CJI also said that as long as there is judicial independence, the rule of law will be strengthened. The Chief Justice said that judicial independence gives confidence to the people that there is an independent judiciary that will come to their rescue if any wrong is done to them. It is the call of time to make free & fully independent in all respects administratively, financially and judicially all the Judicial and Quasi- judicial functionaries from the clutches of Politicians and Babus
0 0 ESTABLISHING AN IDEAL LOKPAL ( AN ANTI-CORRUPTION OMBUDSMAN ) IN INDIA In pursuance to United Nations Convention against Corruption as also highlighted in Lokpal and Lokayukta Act, 2013 to comply International Standards for ensuring absolute integrity, ethics, values, honesty, transparency and fairness and free from all corrupt practices, favortism and nepotism at all times by all concerned, the very important and vital provisions of this Act to be followed for establishing an ideal Lokpal
0 0 Corruption- free world ESPECIALLY IN INDIA THE IMPUGNED LOKPAL ACT IN THE PRESENT FORM GOING TO BE IMPLEMENTED WILL NOT SERVE ANY PURPOSE AS ALL THE TOP FUNCTIONARIES HAVING VESTED AND PERSONAL INTERESTS AND NO TRANSPARENCY EVEN CASE PENDING IN THE INDIAN SUPREME COURT WHERE ONLY RULES HAVE BEEN CHALLENGED BUT THE IMPUGNED ACT HAS NOT BEEN TOUCHED BY ANY ONE .THIS SHOWS HOW MUCH PEOPLE ARE VIGILANT AND COMMITTED FOR CORRUPTION FREE SOCIETY ?
0 0 NO DIRECT POLITICAL APPOINTMENTS AT ALL AS IS BEING DONE , e.g. GOVERNORS,JUDGES ,AMBASSADORS, PERSONAL STAFF OF MINISTERS, QUASI- JUDICIAL FUNCTIONARIES etc. .etc. AND TO BE SELECTED BY HIGH LEVEL AND OF ABSOLUTE INTEGRITY EXPERTS ONLY WITHOUT ANY POLITICAL INVOLVEMENT AT ANY STAGE. ABOVE ALL, THE JUDICIARY HAS TO BE INCLUDED UNDER LOKPAL AND LOKPAL TO BE MADE FOURTH ORGAN OF THE CONSTITUTION FOR ENSURING CORRUPTION-FREE SOCIETY
0 0 IF WE REALLY WANT PURE JUSTICE, : NO INTERFERENCE AND ENCROACHMENT. LET US HAVE RULE OF LAW AND PROPER TRANSPARENT LAID DOWN SYSTEM FOR ALL THE POSITIONS. NO PICK AND CHOOSE AND ABOVE ALL, ; " NO DIRECT POLITICAL APPOINTMENTS AT ALL AS IS BEING DONE , e.g. GOVERNORS,JUDGES ,AMBASSADORS, PERSONAL STAFF OF MINISTERS, QUASI- JUDICIAL FUNCTIONARIES etc. .etc. AND TO BE SELECTED BY HIGH LEVEL AND OF ABSOLUTE INTEGRITY EXPERTS ONLY WITHOUT ANY POLITICAL INVOLVEMENT AT ANY STAGE.
0 0 THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM AND GRIEVANCES HANDLING MECHANISM RESULTING LOSING COMPLETE FAITH AND CONFIDENCE BY THE PUBLIC . Recently. Chief Justice of India pointed out in Supreme Court during hearing in case of "TRIBUNALIZATION' as : " WE DO NOT HAVE FREEDOM EVEN TO BUY A PENCIL." IDEALLY,THE CHIEF JUSTICE OF INDIA TO SEND FILES/PAPERS DIRECTLY TO PRESIDENT OF INDIA RATHER TO NETAS AND BABUS , i.e. LAW MINISTRY OR OTHERS AND NOT AT ALL BOUND BY THEIR DIRECTIONS/ INTERFERENCE UNDER THE CONSTITUTION.
0 0 THE LEGITIMATE RIGHTS OF THE SENIOR JUDGES ARE BEING SNATCHED WHO ARE IN THE LINE AND ASPIRING TO BECOME HIGH COURTS AND SUPREME COURT JUDGES THAT TO AT THE VERGE OF RETIREMENT DUE TO INFILTRATION IN JUDICIAL CADRE BY OUTSIDERS. Above all, these provisions are against all canons of service jurisprudence, unconstitutional and violating PRINCIPLES OF NATURAL JUSTICE. THE CHIEF JUSTICE OF INDIA ARE REGULARLY EXPRESSING ANGUISH , THE WAY THE BABUS AND POLITICIANS ARE TRYING TO ERODE THE JUDICIARY
0 0 PARLIAMENT PASSED NJAC BILL WITHOUT CONSULING SUPREME COURT AND DELIBERATELY INCLUDED POLITICIANS AND EXECUTIVES IN THE SELECTION COMMITTEE FOR JUDGES EVEN THOUGH THEY DO NOT HAVE A SINGLE DAY EXPERIENCE AS JUDGE These few instances established " SNAKEPIT OF VESTED INTERESTS". and had drastically demoralizing effect on JUDICIAL SYSTEM of the country. as such independence of Judiciary is being eroded further.THE LEGITIMATE RIGHTS OF THE SENIOR JUDGES ARE BEING SNATCHED WHO ARE IN THE LINE
0 0 RECENTLY, PARLIAMENT PASSED NJAC BILL WITHOUT CONSULING SUPREME COURT AND DELIBERATELY INCLUDED POLITICIANS AND EXECUTIVES IN THE SELECTION COMMITTEE FOR JUDGES EVEN THOUGH THEY DO NOT HAVE A SINGLE DAY EXPERIENCE AS JUDGE These few instances established " SNAKEPIT OF VESTED INTERESTS". and had drastically demoralizing effect on JUDICIAL SYSTEM of the country. as such independence of Judiciary is being eroded further.
0 0 IS IT FAIR TO APPOINT NON-JUDICIAL PERSONS FOR JUDICIAL BODIES NOT HAVING A SINGLE DAY EXPERIENCE AS JUDGE? Constitutional Crisis is eminent as COLD WAR already started among Judiciary, politicians and Babus due to direct interference in the working of judicial and quasi- judicial functionaries by executive and politicians at all levels even at the highest level of Supreme Court. Advocates are being appointed as JUDGES and four non-judicial members are going to be appointed as members of the LO
0 0 It is the call of time to make free & fully independent in all respects administratively, financially and judicially all the Judicial and Quasi- judicial functionaries from the clutches of Politicians and Babus Kindly take immediate reformative, transformation and corrective remedial action to save the largest democracy of the world so that at least people have full faith and confidence in Judiciary. IS IT FAIR TO APPOINT NON-JUDICIAL PERSONS FOR JUDICIAL BODIES NOT HAVING A SINGLE DAY EXPERIENC
0 0 UNCONSTITUTIONAL JUDGES APPOINTMENTS OF ADVOCATES WITH NO EXPERIENCE AS JUDGE. It's true that some of the judicial appointees are advocates but with no experience as judges.
0 0 Let us first of all realize sufferings of hunger and poor people of the world and still the world is leading towards destruction of human kind and nature for selfish motives and crazy for endless accumulation of destructive powers and activities. GOD save our PLANET and UNIVERSE as a whole ! HEARTIEST CONGRATULATIONS !!! EXCELLENT. WONDERFUL BEGINNING - WELL BEGUN IS HALF DONE. Every thing is possible with SPIRITUALITY. Let us focus on YOGIC REVOLUTION in all aspects and realize the results. GOD
0 0 LET US ALSO THINK ABOUT THOSE WHO ARE NOT HAVING FOOD TO EAT AND SLEEP IN OPEN WITH OUT ANT SHELTER. IN SPITE OF THE BEST EFFORTS BY THE UNITED NATIONS - Not able to achieve WORLD PEACE. All are after power just to destroy the world. So. only panacea is SPIRITUALITY FOR WORLD PEACE to realize ONE WORLD FAMILY. Let us compare how much money is being spent for eradication for HUNGER & POVERTY with the expenditure on science or otherwise for destruction purposes.
0 0 THESE ARE MOMENTARY CHEERS AND HAPPINESS LIMITED FOR FEW. Science is always for welfare of society rather than for destruction. World over maximum money is being spent for destruction purposes as misuse of science. if we divert this huge wasteful money for welfare of the society rather for leading towards destruction then surely will be able to eradicate fully HUES AND STOP DESTRUCTIVE APPROACH !HUNGER AND POVERTY. GOD MAY HELP FOR PEACE AND AWAKEN ALL CONCERNED TO SPEND MONEY ONLY FOR PEACEFUL
0 0 PRIME MINISTER s ADARSH GRAM YOJANA to be alined with this scheme under ORGANIC FARMING with one more FREE input as "YOGIC KHETI" TO BE AN INTEGRATED APPROACH.With this INNOVATIVE, NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY application & methodology of SUSTAINABLE YOGIC AGRICULTURE for Organic Farming has produced outstanding and excellent results for PURE & SAFE FOOD, increasing production, productivity and above all human transformation from all crimes, evils and problems with NO COSTS to the farmers WORLD OVER
0 0 ONE JOB , ONE FAMILY Policy of UNITED NATIONS to be followed to eradicate CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM , FAVORITISM and above all TO ENSURE EQUALLY TO ALL to reduce unemployment for CLEAN INDIA. Above all , Let us ALIGN YOGIC REVOLUTION WITH CLEAN INDIA MOVEMENT FOR OVER ALL DEVELOPMENT AND THE WORLD WE WANT AS Pure, Peaceful, Prosperous, Powerful, Blissful, Secure, Safe, Clean with full of Love and Corruption - free environment !
0 0 Firstly,introduce SPIRITUALITY in all educational, academies, training etc organizations. Secondly, appoint ETHICS ADVISERS in all organizations on the lines of UNITED NATIONS. Thirdly, restart as mandatory NATIONAL CADET CORPS training in all Educational institutions.
0 0 CLEAN INDIA REVOLUTION as mandated by Prime Minister of India calls for FIRST and FOREMOST - TO CLEAN WITHIN ! SELF- TRANSFORMATION, WORLD TRANSFORMATION. Clean India not only to be outside but inner cleaning is MUST ! If, no one gives bribe and do unethical act, there will be absolutely - NO CORRUPTION, NO CRIMES, NO EVILS AND NO PROBLEMS. Let us treat the whole world our family as we all are the children of ONE GOD - SUPREME SOUL, SUPREME FATHER & SUPREME JUDGE !
0 0 SPIRITUALITY & NATIONAL CADET CORPS-N.C.C. TO BE MADE COMPULSORY IN ALL COLLEGES AND SCHOOLS AND UNIVERSITIES FOR ALL AS A SECOND LINE OF DEFENCE AND ABOVE ALL TO INCULCATE MORAL VALUES, ETHICS, SELF- DISCIPLINE, INTEGRITY AND IMPROVEMENT IN BEHAVIOR AND ATTITUDE AMONG YOUTH.
0 0 Kindly direct all to display PERSONAL MOBILE NO,& e- MAIL ,being paid by GOVT,IN RESPECTIVE DIRECTORIES for ENSURING TRANSPARENCY & RTI ACT COMPLIANCE to be MANDATORY for all public servants at all LEVELS & POSITIONS. in all the PUBLIC ORGANIZATIONS. AS A MODEL CHIEF INFORMATION COMMISSION WEB DIRECTORY TO BE ADOPTED BY ALL PUBLIC FUNCTIONARIES BEING PAID FROM PUBLIC FUNDS.
0 0 SPIRITUALITY PANACEA FOR ALL : TO BE A SUBJECT IN ALL EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS AT ALL LEVELS.  ABOVE ALL, UNITED NATIONS MODEL TO APPOINT ETHICS ADVISERS IN EACH ORGANIZATION / OFFICE AND ONE FAMILY ,ONE JOB POLICY TO BE ADOPTED IN LETTER & SPIRIT TO ERADICATE CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM , FAVORITISM AND ALL SNAKE PIT VESTED INTERESTS FOR PURE JUSTICE AND ALL ROUND DEVELOPMENT. FOR ALL.
0 0 JUDGES TO BE PROMOTED ONLY BY SENIORITY AND NO EXTERNAL ENTRY AT ANY STAGE . NO NEED OF ANY EXTERNAL COMMISSION, / PANEL/ ,COMMITTEE OR OTHERWISE.LET US NOT WASTE MONEY FOR THE SAKE OF ADJUSTING OUT OF TURN PERSONS WITH EXTERNAL BACKING AND TRYING TO SNATCH THE LEGITIMATE RIGHTS IN WAITING SENIOR JUDGES. LET US HAVE FULL FAITH IN OUR INTERNAL DEPARTMENTAL SYSTEM AND NOT TO DEMORALIZE THE JUDICIAL CADRE AS A WHOLE BY JUDGING SUITABILITY BY OUTSIDERS AND NON- EXPERTS DUE TO POLITICAL AND EXECUTIVE
0 0 FREE JUDICIARY & QUASI-JUDICIAL FUNCTIONARIES FROM POLITICIANS AND EXECUTIVE INTERFERENCE. --- TO BE FULLY INDEPENDENT IN ALL RESPECTS i.e. ADMINISTRATIVELY, FINANCIALLY AND JUDICIALLY WITHOUT ANY EXTERNAL INTERFERENCE AND TO BE FREE FROM THE CLUTCHES OF POLITICIANS AND EXECUTIVES. AT ALL LEVELS.
0 0 ESTABLISHING AN IDEAL LOKPAL IN INDIA - SUPREME COURT SITTING JUDGES ONLY AS PER SENIORITY TO BE INVITED TO SPARE THEIR SERVICES ON DEPUTATION FOR ALL EIGHT MEMBERS POSITIONS AND CHAIR PERSON.. NO PERSON TO BE APPOINTED WHO ARE NOT HAVING EXPERIENCE AS JUDGE BEING A JUDICIAL BODY. LET US NOT WASTE TIME AND END THE ONGOING COLD WAR FOR SELFISH MOTIVES AT THE COST OF PUBLIC INTEREST. 3.FREE JUDICIARY & QUASI-JUDICIAL FUNCTIONARIES FROM POLITICIANS AND EXECUTIVE INTERFERENCE. --- TO BE FULLY FREE
0 0 FOR WORLD PEACE & DEVELPMENT SPIRITUALITY IS THE PANACEA FOR ALL. ONE GOD, ONE WORLD FAMILY. SELF TRANSFORMATION, WORLD TRANSFORMATION. YOGIC KRANTI ( REVOLUTION ) : RAJ YOGA MEDITATION METHODOLOGY TO BE ADOPTED AND FURTHER STRENGTHENED AS SPIRITUALITY PANACEA FOR ALL EVILS AND SOLUTION FOR ALL PROBLEMS. 2. ESTABLISHING AN IDEAL LOKPAL IN INDIA - SUPREME COURT SITTING JUDGES ONLY AS PER SENIORITY TO BE INVITED TO SPARE THEIR SERVICES ON DEPUTATION FOR ALL EIGHT MEMBERS POSITIONS AND CHAIRMAN
0 0 NO ONE IS ABOVE GOD ! Rule of law always prevails and equal for all. IF WE ESCAPE SOMEHOW FROM LAW OF LAND, ABSOLUTELY LAW OF KARMA TAKES CARE. SO, NOTHING TO WORRY ! So, only panacea for all is SPIRITUALITY AND HAVE full FAITH in GOD for the welfare of all . Let us not hate the doers, BUT HATE THE SINS/ EVILS.
0 0 IF NO ONE GIVES BRIBE AND INDULGES IN UNETHICAL & DISHONEST PRACTICES : NO CORRUPTION. TILL TODAY INCITERS AND GIVERS ARE COMMITTING MORE SINS THAN TAKERS, BUT IF THEY ARE ESCAPING FROM LAW OF LAND, DEFINITELY ' LAW OF KARMA ' WILL TAKE CARE ! THE PHYSICAL LAWS INCLUDING LOKPAL ETC. ARE JUST FOR PREVENTIVE AND DETERRENT TOOLS BUT "SPIRITUAL LAW THE ABSOLUTE SOLUTION TO ERADICATE CORRUPTION IS "SELF". "SELF- TRANSFORMATIONS " ARE LAWS OF GOD - SUPREME SOUL ! - NO ESCAPE !
0 0 HAPPY & PROSPEROUS DAYS TO ALL AND AT ALL TIMES THROUGH POSITIVE VIBRATIONS OF OUR THOUGHTS FOR PURE, PEACE, SAFE, CLEAN, SECURE AND CORRUPTION- FREE ENVIRONMENT - THE WORLD WE WANT WITHOUT HUNGER, POVERTY, DISEASE, ILLITERACY, WOMEN ATROCITIES, ENVIRONMENTAL DEGRADATION TO ENSURE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ALL !!! "SELF-TRANSFORMATION, WORLD TRANSFORMATION." ! " ONE GOD, ONE WORLD FAMILY " IF NO ONE GIVES BRIBE AND INDULGES IN UNETHICAL & DISHONEST PRACTICES : NO CORRUPTION. TILL TODAY INCITERS
0 0 India is always WORLD LEADER for SPIRITUALITY & PEACE. HAPPY & PROSPEROUS DAYS TO ALL AND AT ALL TIMES THROUGH POSITIVE VIBRATIONS OF OUR THOUGHTS FOR PURE, PEACE, SAFE, CLEAN, SECURE, FAIR, JUST AND CORRUPTION- FREE ENVIRONMENT - THE WORLD WE WANT WITHOUT HUNGER, POVERTY, DISEASE, ILLITERACY, WOMEN ATROCITIES, ENVIRONMENTAL DEGRADATION TO ENSURE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ALL !!! "SELF-TRANSFORMATION, WORLD TRANSFORMATION. ! ONE GOD, ONE FAMILY Thank You for writing to the Honble Prime Minister
0 0 PM MAIN FOCUS WAS FOR YOGIC REVOLUTION TO DECLARE : INTERNATIONAL YOGA DAY DURING UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY SPEECH BEING SPIRITUALITY AS PANACEA FOR ALL IN EVERY WALKS OF LIFE  INDIA is always WORLD LEADER for SPIRITUALITY & PEACE. HAPPY & PROSPEROUS DAYS TO ALL AND AT ALL TIMES THROUGH POSITIVE VIBRATIONS OF OUR THOUGHTS FOR PURE, PEACE, SAFE, CLEAN, SECURE, FAIR, JUST AND CORRUPTION- FREE ENVIRONMENT -
0 0 SELF-TRANSFORMATION, WORLD TRANSFORMATION." ! " ONE GOD, ONE WORLD FAMILY " IF NO ONE GIVES BRIBE AND INDULGES IN UNETHICAL & DISHONEST PRACTICES : NO CORRUPTION. TILL TODAY INCITERS AND GIVERS ARE COMMITTING MORE SINS THAN TAKERS, BUT IF THEY ARE ESCAPING FROM LAW OF LAND, DEFINITELY ' LAW OF KARMA ' WILL TAKE CARE ! THE PHYSICAL LAWS INCLUDING LOKPAL ETC. ARE JUST FOR PREVENTIVE AND DETERRENT TOOLS BUT "SPIRITUAL LAW THE ABSOLUTE SOLUTION TO ERADICATE CORRUPTION IS "SELF". "SELF- TRANSFORMATIO
0 0 LET US ALIGN MISSION & VISION OF "YOGIC KRANTI" - "HIDDEN TREASURE" as an INNOVATIVE , NOVEL & REVOLUTIONARY MILE STONE for GOKUL GRAMS AND YOGIC KHETI with ADARSH GRAMS AS MENTIONED IN PM's SPEECH ON INDEPENDENCE DAY 2014
0 0 VISION & MISSION of IDEAL,MODEL AND WELFARE SOCIETY AS PURE. PEACEFUL , PROSPEROUS, CLEAN, SAFE AND FREE FROM CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM & FAVORITISM - THE WORLD,WE WANT AS "SPIRITUALITY" IS THE PANACEA FOR ALL CRIMES, EVILS AND ULTIMATE SOLUTION FOR ALL PROBLEMS
0 0 Rajyoga Meditation for "YOGIC KRANTI" to be applied and strengthen to have Ã¢Sustainable Yogic Dava (Medicine), Sustainable Yogic Justice ( LAWS OF GOD Ã¢ NATURAL JUSTICE Ã¢ SOCIAL JUSTICE ) Sustainable Yogic Governance & Administration Sustainable Yogic Education and Sustainable Yogic Agriculture (SYA) to achieve the above goals, targets ,objectives and VISION & MISSION of IDEAL,MODEL AND WELFARE SOCIETY AS PURE. PEACEFUL , PROSPEROUS, CLEAN, SAFE AND FREE FROM CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM & FAVORITISM
0 0 INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS AGAINST CORRUPTION TO BE FOLLOWED BY ALL AND TO ENSURE THAT NO CORRUPT TRY TO TWIST THE RULE OF LAW AND INTERNATIONAL LAW GOVERNING CORRUPTION. let us join hands and request for help from UNITED NATIONS ignoring SNAKE-PIT unethical vested selfish motives and NOT to become the PROMOTER FOR CORRUPTION. INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE AND UNITED NATIONS MAY HELP US TO MAKE THE WORLD CORRUPTION-FREE. !!! LET US NOT BLAME ANYBODY BUT BLAME OURSELVES.WE ALL ARE RESPONSIBLE.
0 0 There is no secret in protecting corrupts under any agreement and let us not destroy RTI ACT. ABOVE ALL, LET US INITIATE ACTIN AS PER UNCAC- UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION AGAINST CORRUPTION ; BINDING ON ALL UN COUNTRIES MEMBERS. WE HAVE COMPLETELY IGNORED UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION AGAINST CORRUPTION. NO ONE IS SERIOUS UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION AGAINST CORRUPTION is binding for all. SO, no country can take shelter under any other bilateral agreement just to protect corrupt people
0 0 SET AN EXAMPLE TO FOLLOW THE IDEALS OF OUR ANCESTORS. ALL political parties, constitutional functionaries and above all the voters to bring a revolution on these lines for understanding the real meaning of the DEMOCRACY. GOD HELP US ALL FOR THIS MISSION & VISION AND ALL TO JOIN HANDS IN THIS NOBLE ENDEAVOR !!! 'IF LAW OF LAND BECOMES BLIND, LAW OF KARMA WILL TAKE CARE. SO, NOTHING TO WORRY. LET US RELAX AND LET THEM BE KUMBHKARNA AS USUAL !''
0 0 POLITICAL MASTERS are just wasting time, energy, resources and indulging in CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM, FAVORITISM and not at all concerned with WELFARE OF THE SOCIETY AS MANDATED IN INDIAN CONSTITUTION. SUPREME COURT held in a wonderful manner that all have become KUMBHKARNA and so called representatives of people are enjoying all perks and salary without no work for which they were elected for the last 8 months adopted self- styled RULE : NO WORK, FULL PAY.
0 0 .Law of Karma is taking care. NO ONE CAN BRIBE SUPREME JUDGE- ALMIGHTY- GOD ! RULE OF LAW AND SPIRITUAL LAWS ARE ALWAYS ABOVE ALL. LET US HAVE FULL FAITH and FOLLOW Him'' RULE OF LAW fully destroyed by all just for selfish snake-pit motives at the cost of the PUBLIC. ALL PARTIES have miserably failed to come to the expectations of the public and lost complete public confidence. POLITICAL MASTERS are just wasting time, energy, resources and indulging in CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM, FAVORITISM
0 0 ALL CRIMINAL EYES TO BE DESTROYED THROUGH THIRD DIVINE EYE OF SPIRITUAL KNOWLEDGE !
0 0 WOMEN SALE THEIR BODY- IMMORAL ACT.ABOLISH PROSTITUTION AND SELTTLE THEM
0 0 ABOLISH BEGGARY FROM INDIA AND SETTLE THEM. ZERO=BEGGAR
0 0 Please take action for building a Rail and Road Bridge across the sea between India and Sr Lanka. This will boost trade and tourism between the two nations and will be blessing for the economic revival of Southern Tamil Nadu and Kerala. This will also bring down anti-social, separatist and crime activities taking place because of the low population density of the region
0 0 A person can not be a judge in his own cause. IDEAL WAY TO APPOINT SUPREME COURT JUDGES ON DEPUTATION BEING JUDICIAL BODY AND MEMBERS AT PAR WITH SC JUDGES. Let us be transparent and make LOKPAL an independent and free from the clutches of political masters and babus eventhough unfortunately SUPREME COURT IS ALSO NOT FREE AND INDEPENDENT.
0 0 LOKPAL ACT,2014 TRIED TO BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH UNCAC EVEN AFTER MORE THAN A DECADE and still in fluid form with conflicting provisions being unconstitutional and in violation of PRINCIPLES OF NATURAL JUSTICE WHERE fingers have been raised till now on all the HEADS OF THE THREE ORGANS OF THE CONSTITUTION. NOT FAIR AT ALL . A person can not be a judge in his own cause. IDEAL WAY TO APPOINT SUPREME COURT JUDGES ON DEPUTATION BEING JUDICIAL BODY AND MEMBERS AT PAR WITH SC JUDGES.
0 0 ALL PUBLIC FUNCTIONARIES ARE REQUIRED TO DISPLAY THEIR PERSONAL MOBILE AND E-MAIL ON SITE UNDER RTI ACT BEING PUBLIC INFORMATION AS BEING PAID FROM PUBLIC FUNDS.Kindly take up and join hands with all concerned for GREATER TRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITY. PMO directed all to comply  as reported in the PRESS,  but not yet visible as E-CONNECT movement of PM. KINDLY ENSURE COMPLIANCE BY ALL . Let us follow CIC WEB DIRECTORY as a  MODEL.
0 0 KINDLY BE A MODEL FOR ALL AND BE FIRST ONE TO DISPLAY YOUR PERSONAL MOBILE NUMBER AND e-mail ON THE SITE. ALL PUBLIC FUNCTIONARIES ARE REQUIRED TO DISPLAY THEIR PERSONAL MOBILE AND E-MAIL ON SITE UNDER RTI ACT BEING PUBLIC INFORMATION AS BEING PAID FROM PUBLIC FUNDS.Kindly take up and join hands with all concerned for GREATER TRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITY. PMO directed all to comply  as reported in the PRESS,  but not yet visible as E-CONNECT movement of PM. KINDLY ENSURE COMPLIANCE BY ALL.
0 0 Let us save our country from such corrupt functioning with criminal conspiracy with political masters and old slavery system to make babus also as SEVAKS who are mostly confined in A/Cs and never visiting rural areas.Let us have 'Paperless Governance' and fully ON LINE with NO extra hard copy in addition.SPECIALISTS TO MANAGE THE SPECIALIZED AREAS  BUT GENERALISTS ARE PRACTICALLY RULING THE NATION at the costs of others. JAGO! JAGO !! JAGO !!!
0 0 TRUTH, HONESTY, MERIT, FREEDOM  are dream of this Kalyugi & corrupt society. ZERO CORRUPTION IS NO WHERE in any one 's agenda today.we forgot UNCAC & IDEAL LOKPAL.  BABUDOM with full of EGO and VIP culture with old British Slavery period  style of functioning still continuing and destroying our democracy. PRIME MINISTER called himself as 'SEVAK' but babus are still Kings of this CORRUPT SYSTEM. It is the call of time for babus and political transformation through SPIRITUALITY.
0 0 Progress on Make in India Plans for NRIs Fostering Innovation and Research in India
0 0 ISRO KA EK CHANNEL HO TO a66a hota.
0 0 1. Education system and naukri de reservation system ko hataie 2. Bullet train ka kam kitna hua uske bare me bataie 3. Kashmir se 370 dhara uthaie 4. Andaman nikobar tak under water railway (tube) 5. Ghar me personal solar lagane me subsidy
0 0 UN 17 SDGS&Spiritual Revolution! Align with Sustainable YOGIC Development&PM 4 Revolutions.Dr KALAM:YOGA! ALLPEACE !
0 0 via @speakingtree GODLY INTOXICATION &SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION INITIATIVES BY FORMER PRESIDENT DR. APJ ABDUL KALAM :LOVE BLOGS  on Google
0 0 OM SHANTI!:UN 17 SDGS&Spiritual Revolution! Align with Sustainable YOGIC Development&PM 4 Revolutions.Dr KALAM:YOGA! MEHAR BHAI BLOG-Google
0 0 CONGRATS! Initiatives on UN 17 SDGS&Spiritual Revolution. Align with Sustainable YOGIC Development&PM 4 Revolutions
0 0 GREAT SOUL DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM:Focus on: *YOGA *FREEDOM FROM POVERTY *TRANSFORM RELIGIONS TO SPIRITUALITY *ABOLISH DEATH  PENALTY *0 CORRUPTS
0 0 Be 'Spiritual Kings' GOD's Blessings of purity,peace,prosperity,progress,happiness,bliss,love,welfare,TOLERANCE, ,patience,SELFLESS SERVICE!
0 0 "HATE THE SIN,NOT THE SINNER " ! Spirituality,Humanity,U.N.,DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM against all hangings & killings=Voice of GOD !'Let Go' !PEACE
0 0 Then Chief Justice R.M.LODHA:"Work 365 days for timely delivery of justice"Ban strikes/adjournments =public suffer ! MEHAR BHAI BLOG-Google
0 0 SCRAP all slavery BRITISH TIME LAWS
0 0 Slavery period laws still being followed?Spirituality,Humanity,UN,DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM=0 HANGINGs&KILLINGs=GODLY LAWS='The Conscience Court !
0 0 GODLY INTOXICATION ! Call of Time:FOCUS *Global Peace Index- at 143 *World Hunger Index- on Top *WHO (IARC)-Cancer due to insecticides use
0 0 Grow & Eat Pure & Safe Food to promote,adopt & explore Sustainable Yogic Agriculture-no cost to farmers :A Magic- Hidden Treasure-Godly Gift
0 0 GOD'S GIFT WITHIN :Meditation Magic-Godly connection=Inner well-being=Inner beauty=Awakened Soul=Inner Purification=Looking Inwards=ANGELS !
0 0 New Beginning:Spiritual Revolution for Golden Era on Yoga Day as ONE World Godly Family transforming lives to ANGELS! MEHAR BHAI BLOG-Google
0 0 SPIRITUALITY FOR IDEAL DEMOCRACY&POLITICAL TRANSFORMATION:Spirituality magic mantra to clean Dirt Politics Stigma.MEHAR BHAI BLOG on Google
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION:Quasi-judicial functionaries being slaves & caged parrots to be appointed on Deputation from Judiciary only.Blogs on Google
0 0 Respected PM - I strongly believe that eduction is the key for our overall development. I think we have a long way to go in terms of giving realy quality education for our kids.  we make them memorize instead of making them think.  the kind of competition that we have based on marks scored makes them only memorize. there has been a lot of discussions everywhere but I think it would really make a lot of people behave differently if you create a buzz around this like you didwith cleanindiacampaign
0 0 via @speakingtree INTERACTION WITH INDIAN PRIME MINISTER FOR GLOBAL SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION Yoga one Godly family = ZERO "ISM" BLOGS on Google
0 0 PM 2nd Green Revolution call to be aligned withYogic Revolution &UN 17 SDGS for Spiritual Empowerment to Prosperity
0 0 MEHAR BHAI BLOGS ON GOOGLE FOR FULL DETAILS
0 0 PM focused:Yoga NOT COMMODITY- business activity for money making=Godly Wisdom&Ocean of Spiritual Knowledge for sharing freely FOR ALL:Godly
0 0 ZERO POLITICAL CORRUPTION=ZERO CRIMINAL RECORDS=Reforms+Inner Polluted Cleanliness+Purification=Morality=Model Leaders=Spiritual Kings=Angel
0 0 PM on Yoga Day in speech:'RAJYOGA' book bySwami Vivekananda:"SPIRITUALITY can not be gained until materialism ends" MEHAR BHAI BLOGS-Google
0 0 Prime Minister's call:FOUR Revolutions+SustainableYOGIC Agriculture Revolution+UN 17 SDGS=PROSPERITY=Golden Age =GODLY INTOXICATION FOR ALL
0 0 via @speakingtree 'SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION' AND U.S.PRESIDENT INITIATIVES Yoga Revolution leads to Golden Age- world Spiritual State =ONENESS !
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION :Supreme Court t:" Ensure 'TRANSPARENCY'in all  appointments...". All political appointments to be stopped at once.DIRT.JAGO
0 0 Being religious but not yet PEACEFUL stands at147 position of Global Peace Index&Tops World Hunger Index?SPIRITUAL STATE=Spiritual INJECTION
0 0 ZERO TERRORISM=Focus on 'Spiritual Revolution' & World as 'ONE SPIRITUAL STATE'being from One Godly world family=GOD MEHAR BHAI BLOGS-Google
0 0 Replace all nuclear bombs&destructive materials with'SPIRITUAL BOMB MEHAR BHAI BLOGS on Google.INVITATION-Suggestion
0 0 Electricity LAWS 'ANTI-CONSUMERS' favoring  Discoms. SEC.166 & Rule 7 have not yet been implemented over DECADE .NO ONE READ LAWS .Suffering
0 0 Electricity Laws are anti-consumers favoring discoms&not yet fully implemented over decade.Corrupt DERC+OMBUDSMAN full of Recruitment Scams?
0 0 PM 4 Revolutions today's call be aligned with Yogic Agriculture & UN17 SDGS for Pure, Safe Food !!! @yogickheti
0 0 Suggestion for LPG give up campaign Respected PM. I fully agree with your campaign of give up LPG subsidy But it is not connecting to the people as it should be. Reason is that MPS are taking subsidy on food Are they poor people? Pls ask all MPS to give up food subsidy in parliament canteen. This will make your compagin more effective.
0 0 Promote & Adopt Sustainable YOGIC Agriculture: http://www.yogickheti.com WHO just reported;"Insecticides cause Cancer"
0 0 SPIRITUAL Revolution call to be aligned with Yogic Revolution & UN17 SDGS for Spiritual Empowerment to PEACE=Godly
0 0 Please share your views, actions taken, plan of actions about bringing in equality among rich and poor, common man and politician to ensure law and order(punishment against crimes), affordable education for everyone. With the recent happenings in Tamilnadu, people start losing trust in government, governance, existence of laws and did not have option to select the right government as almost all political bodies have indulged in some corruption.
0 0 Stop CORRUPTION AND PROBE ALL MALPRACTICES CONTINUING OVER DECADE WITH ABUSE OF POWER by DERC & Delhi Electricity Ombudsman & SUSPEND them at once to be an EYE- OPENER for coming generations in the over all public interest and to protect public looting with deep rooted criminal conspiracy. As above, under the provisions of Section 108 for non compliance of directions by the Government, Sub- Sections ( 2 ) (e) and ( 2 ) (d) of Section 90 and Section 86 ( 3 ) of ELECTRICITY ACT, 2003 & RTI Act.
0 0 Supreme court ; " Discretion amount to corruption, nepotism, favortism and abuse of power " 4.Under special category EX-SERVICEMEN to be included as per Govt. policy. 5, Follow & adopt as Model Advts  of NRDC- National Research Development Corporation,National Productivity Council, Agri. Ministry where no age for retired & CCI-Cement Corporation of India age up to 70 years  to ensure  transparency & fairness for all. UNDP pattern tobe adopted where no age for consultants etc.
0 0 1.As per PMO ORDERS -no age limit for pensioners/ retired for consultants posts.For others posts up to 70 years 2. EdCIL in one advt. upto 68 but others 62,65 & so on.Health,Rural, Urban,Education ministries and so on also in whimsical& discret manner prescribed varied age limits  EXCLUDED RETIRED CIVILIANS AND EX-SERVICEMEN  FOR AGE BENEFITS ? 3. Supreme court ; " Discretion amount to corruption, nepotism, favortism and abuse of power " 4.Under special category EX-SERVICEMEN to be included a
0 0 United Nations has declared International Day for Yoga on 21st, June on the best efforts and global initiatives by Indian Prime Minister and being adopted world over for Global Spiritual Revolution for Peace and Sustainable Development to bring Golden Age ! The world under the ageis of United Nations and with Indian dynamic & Spiritual Leadership going to replace Atom Bomb etc. with 'SPIRITUAL BOMB' Focus on Sustainable Yogic Development align with U.N. 17 Sustainable Development Goals
0 0 NATION BUILDERS'. -'Spirituality'.Be & make 'SPIRITUAL KINGS' ! Focus on 'Sustainable Yogic Development'. Blogs on Google Declare world a SPIRITUAL STATE on UN YOGA DAY& focus on SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION  for GLOBAL ONENESS & PEACE of One Godly family=YOGA+GOD=Spirituality YOGA NOT CONNECTED WITH ANY RELIGION & PHYSICAL ACTIVITY, CONNECTING ALL OUR SOULS WITH ONE SUPREME SOUL ALMIGHTY- GOD !!! Peace & Harmony through Spirituality. First clean INNER POLLUTION & DIRT through Spirituality !
0 0 SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION & U.N. INTERNATIONAL YOGA DAY- 21 JUNE  to declare start of SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION , India & world  as SPIRITUAL STATE ! We are all SOULS to CONNECT with  one SUPREME SOUL- ALMIGHTY GOD  is real and original 'YOGA'- "SPIRITUALITY" through 'MEDITATION' Let us  clear to all : Physical Training, Ashnas, Physical exercises  etc. may not be actual Yoga to connect with God but to keep us physically fit only. Yoga for all = Spirituality = ZERO "ISM" =One GOD, One World Family
0 0 Focus on Sustainable Yogic Agriculture to grow pure food for increasing  production and productivity as a great magic mantra and hidden treasure - a novel ,revolutionary INNOVATION. As India tops World Hunger List, SYA to be a great boon in association with DD KISAN on Prime Minister Initiatives to have Zero hunger, poverty and over all human transformation!.Spiritual Revolution is the start of new era for Golden Age for greater world transformation and oneness!
0 0 Focus on SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION and declare World as a 'Spiritual State' on 21 June-UN International Day for YOGA  on Prime Minister Initiatives as we all belong to one Godly family.YOGA is 'to connect all souls with one Supreme Soul -ALMIGHTY GOD.'  Spirituality is the panacea to eradicate  all sins, crimes, evils, problems, hunger, poverty, diseases, illiteracy,women discrimination , environmental degradation, farmers suicides, corruption, terrorism etc. Focus on Sustainable Yogic Agriculture t
0 0 RECRUITMENT SCAM since 2003  by Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN with criminal conspiracy of DERC. NO NOTIFIED RULES. No consumer protection under Electricity Laws being more favorable to discoms. Discoms are masters of consumer courts .Since 2003, DERC failed to implement laws as fully indulged in corruption, nepotism, favoritism, abuse of power. Corrupt babus protect TOP corrupt babus.  CVC/ CBI TO PROBE AT ONCE as top babus involved. FULL OF CORRUPTION.MEHAR BHAI BLOGS on Google for details.
0 0 NTERNATIONAL DAY FOR YOGA for top most agenda as SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION for Golden AGE ! The whole world to be declared as a \"SPIRITUAL STATE\" for ONE GODLY FAMILY resulting to ZERO EVILS. GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP to be started and accepted by all as an vital component of Spiritual Revolution. FULL MONTH OF JUNE being International Day of Yoga on 21st June -Organize : celebrations, functions, programs, activities etc UN 17 SDGS to include Spiritual Development
0 0 India and world as a whole to be declared as 'SPIRITUAL STATE' for world ONENESS in all respects as we belong to ONE GODLY FAMILY. Seventhly, Think globally, Act globally and all of us join hands for Spiritual Revolution to be ONE Godly family in all respects for greater metamorphosis towards  'Golden Age ' !
0 0 a big challenge as Electricity LAWS have not yet fully implemented since 2003  and favoring discoms  ignoring protection of consumers rights. SC :"DON'T MAKE LAWS, IMPLEMENT 'Electricity Laws are ANTI-CONSUMERS'.Even Electricity( Amendment)Bill,2014 did not taken care for consumers.All full of corruption, nepotism, favoritism and abuse of power. "ALL have become KUMBHKARNA"-SUPREME COURT "INDIA TOPS WORLD HUNGER INDEX & AT 143 POSITION OF GLOBAL PEACE INDEX" -Alarming , C
0 0 Chote air bare sahero me led screen lagwaie. Or usme sarkar ki yoznae, weather forecast, inspirational quote's, air local businessman ki add dikhaie aur important schizo ko . diwaro pe poster lagane ko discourage kijie. Sahar saff rahega. Isle bare me kuch jarur boliega 15 August ko. Namaste.
0 0 In all the offices, organisations, establishments, it is the call of time to have ethics advisers on the lines of United Nations System.  Fourthly, Let us focus on SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION IN ALL WALKS OF LIFE . Fifthly, Spirituality to be ALIGNED WITH INTERNATIONAL YOGA DAY ON 21 JUNE, 2015 and UN 17 Sustainable Development Goals to be renamed as SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT GOALS. Sixthly,  India and world as a whole to be declared as 'SPIRITUAL STATE' for world ONENESS in all respects
0 0 SPIRITUALITY AS FOUNDATION FOR ALL ROUND REFORMS AND DEVELOPMENT: Firstly,  PM’s Adarsh Village Scheme to include Yogic Revolution for main focus on Yogic Kheti through Raj yoga Meditation as an integrated approach to have vision and mission for 'Gokul Grams' : Model -IDEAL Villages : Adarsh Grams.  Secondly, In all educationainstitutions, academics, training centers and learning establishments to include spirituality as a subject being panacea for all.  Thirdly, In all the offices, organisati
0 0 SPIRITUALITY AS FOUNDATION FOR ALL ROUND REFORMS AND DEVELOPMENT: PM’s Adarsh Village Scheme to include Yogic Revolution for main focus on Yogic Kheti through Raj yoga Meditation as an integrated approach. In all educational institutions, academics, training centers and learning establishments to include spirituality as a subject being panacea for all. In all the offices, organisations, establishments, it is the call of time to have ethics advisers on the lines of United Nations System.
0 0 Prime minister is not at all serious about ZERO CORRUPTION in spite of regular daily reminder and as is evident from Recruitment Scam since 2004 by Delhi Electricity Ombudsman and DERC without notified and govt. approved staff and office rules. Corrupts are protecting top level corrupts ,so, they have become untouched and continuing corruption under shelter with all illegal appointments. Direct CVC/CBI to brobe at once & scarp all illegal appointments. JAGO at least after 11 years... !!!
0 0 United Nations 17 Sustainable  Developmental Goals (SDGS) going to start in 2016 to be renamed as Sustainable Yogic Developmental Goals (SYDGS ) aligned with 'Spiritual Revolution'. THE WORLD TO BE DECLARED as  "SPIRITUAL STATE " A new era in this direction to be initiated and started world over on the First occasion of International Day for Yoga on 21st June, 2015 as declared by the United Nations on the best efforts and great initiative by Indian Prime Minister. on Google : MEHAR BHAI BLOGS
0 0 Pure & Fair Justice-Unconstitutional NJAC Fraud & demoralizing on Judiciary-Free judiciary from politicians, babus & lawyers-No lateral entry & infiltration from outside judicial cadre/service  by advocates in judiciary.Cent percent promotion through DPC by seniority. Follow Service Rules & Natural Justice.NO NEED OF NJAC. Let judiciary be at par with all All India Services. Let us trust & have full faith in our learned & world Model Supreme Court
0 0 All security forces are becoming judges for their crime under Govt.shelter -Violation of 'Basic Principles of Natural Justice' in farmer suicide at Janter Manter Serious security lapse in highly cordoned off volatile security zone. DIRT POLITICS destroying our democracy ...Serious security lapse in highly cordoned off volatile security zone. DIRT POLITICS destroying our democracy and killing. JAGO... LAW PROTECTORS ARE THE BIGGEST ,LAW BREAKERS ?
0 0 Kindly order CBI probe/SIT/STF as U.P.govt. in UPPCL meters SCAM. For Delhi also Scams continue since 2004.Consumer Justice and welfare under Electricity laws fraud and eye wash just to make mockery favoring discoms .Delhi Electricity Ombudsman and DERC- full of corruption and guilty of serious recruitment scams since 2004 without duly notified Recruitment Rules and no government approval obtained. Vital provisions pending implementation since 2004. PROBE. JAGO ...
0 0 Since 2004 continuing rampant corruption, recruitment scam, abuse of power, malpractices and malfunctioning without Notified RULES and  no GOVT. APPROVAL obtained under section 91 of Electricity Act,2003 by Delhi Electricity Ombudsman and DERC , Govt. to send a Vigilance team for spot investigation and scams got probed by the independent agency such as CVC, CBI etc. seeing the gravity of corrupt practices by top most functionaries having no regards for RULE OF LAW.Suspend at once for fair probe.
0 0 It appears that PRIME  MINISTER is NOT  at all serious about over decade continuing RECRUITMENT SCAM & Corruption in Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission in appointing their favorites without duly Notified Recruitment & Service Regulations particularly for the staff of Delhi Electricity Ombudsman and DERC staff also with CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY.Kindly order at once CBI probe & cancel all illegal appointments.Pending probe, suspend DERC & Delhi Electricity Ombudsman for decade malpractices & scams
0 0 RICITY ACT, 2003 DERC IS NOT AT ALL FUNCTIONING WITH CLEAN HANDS AND ANTI- CONSUMERS. Over decade indulging in Corruption and Recruitment Scam making fresh illegal appointments of favorites Without Notified Recruitment & Service rules having CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY with Delhi Electricity Ombudsman. Over decade - NO CAG AUDIT under section 104 of the Act and under Section 91, DERC has not obtained Delhi Government prior approval for staff services terms and conditions etc. for the staff of ombudsman
0 0 ELECTRICITY ACT, 2003 DERC IS NOT AT ALL FUNCTIONING WITH CLEAN HANDS AND ANTI- CONSUMERS. Over decade indulging in Corruption and Recruitment Scam making fresh illegal appointments of favorites Without Notified Recruitment & Service rules having CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY with Delhi Electricity Ombudsman. Over decade - NO CAG AUDIT under section 104 of the Act and under Section 91, DERC has not obtained Delhi Government prior approval for staff services terms and conditions etc. for the staff of Delhi
0 0 Kindly STOP AT ONCE ON GOING CORRUPTION AND EARLIER CONTINUING OVER DECADE RECRUITMENT SCAM  without Staff regulations in the Office OF DELHI Electricity Ombudsman. AT ONCE ACTION IS NOW NEEDED with early response in over all public interest. A line in response will be in public interest. Cancel all appointments -NO NOTIFIED STAFF REGULATIONS- BIG SCAM Continues over decade in Delhi Electricity Ombudsman.STOP. Recruitment Scam, Corruption & NO Staff & Office Regulations in DERC FOR OMBUDSMA
0 0 Suggestion for INDEPENDENCE day numerals notation Pls show 69 th independence day both way as 69 & ६९.
0 0 -Center , All States, Regulators guilty of violation -Sec.166, ELECTRICITY ACT,2003:NOT constituted COORDINATION FORUMS over decade. -Delhi Govt. guilty of violation Sec.166,ELECTRICITY ACT 2003:NOT constituted COORDINATION FORUMS pending over 11 years. -DERC guilty of violation Sec.181, Electricity Act,2003- NO Notified Staff Regulations for Delhi Electricity Ombudsman led to RECRUITMENT SCAM & Corruption continuing over decade. -DERC guilty of violation of Rule 7(1),Electricity Rules,
0 0 Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission - DERC illegally appointing favorites for Electricity Ombudsman without Notified Recruitment Rules & replacing contract staff against Government & Supreme Court Orders .STOP. DERC terminating contractual staff of Electricity  Ombudsman -VIOLATING CM ORDER. Whimsical.STOP AT ONCE & PROBE. DERC adopted PICK & CHOOSE with HIRE & FIRE POLICIES in violation of all cannons of Service Jurisprudence. Lacks Transparency & encouraging CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM.SCAM !
0 0 Over decade, serious Recruitment Scam continues in DERC. Staff Recruitment without Notified Recruitment & Service Rules for the staff of Delhi Electricity Ombudsman. STAY ALL APPOINTMENTS AT ONCE AND ORDER CBI PROBE. Self- made & Whimsical functioning as No Admin. & Financial Rules are being followed.  DiscomsNOT to beMASTERS of CONSUMER COURTS .Over DECADE, DERC FAILED to appoint INDEPENDENT MEMBERS for CGRFs, so NULL &VOID,All actions of CGRFs &OMBUDSMAN
0 0 Suggestion to SAVE DEVNAGRI original numerals ०,१,२,३,४,५,६,७,८,९ Respected PM I want to attract your attention that DEVNAGRI original numerals are not even being used in DD Hindi  news. Pls do needful for broadcast them for example one can be shown both ways 1 & १ four as 4 & ४ If it is done then present gene t will better understand and correlate present numerals and ancient mathematician contributions for numerals development. Pls popularise ०,२,३,%,५,६,७,९ at least on DD
0 0 Respected PM To raise standard of primay education I want to suggest you that 1st of all stop MID DAY MEAL. It us poising students with lizards & snaks in every states Start giving food allowance to poor & needy by biometric system based on their attendance and performance in school Esteblish mathematics and science croner in evey school to give special patronage to kids having inclination towards maths & science Make national anthem singing  compulsory in evey school 4 nationalism
0 0 Respect PM, My suggestion to raise technical  edu is that first of all do needful to impart technical knowledge to students in their local langauges. I am not against English but it should be taught only for communication and translations. If one base is good in local langauges then they can translate in English I would like to quote an example first plant paddy then polish the rice. But unfortunately in country the main focuss is on polishing than creating & consoldating the base
2 0 Indian Rupee is like a Soul of India, it’s like a Incarnation of soul when it’s went one hand to another hand. Soul is immortal thus Indian Rupee, so due to the need of common man it’s not stay so long in one hand (Body) the frequency of Reincarnation of Indian Rupee keep up the market thus India’s Development. That’s what the reason every MNC is Vying to stake in India’s (World’s one of the biggest market) Market. So if rupee is down against other major curren Plz see the attached file P#45
1 0 It’s my prediction that Indian Economy can meltdown on Dalal Street basis but can’t down on profit basis because we have a purchasing power & it’s all about a game of money circulation. Indian money circulate very frequently & never stay at few people hands. In India everyone is earning, it may be a concern for particular person, how much he/she earning but definitely have a capacity to purchase & feed to his/her family accordingly. . Plz see the attached file Page# 45
1 0 We’ve did well-done even in 2008 Recession, when World’s mostly economies were glooming, Indian Economy was rocking . Can you answer me about this one? India has a vast cultural background since Ancient Times, after the time by time it’s went to rich & rich, it’s adopted every culture’s heritage  so today’s India has Unity in Diversity. In India we have festival almost everyday Ganesh Chaturthi, Id, Deewali, Holi, Christmas, Lohari, Pongal, Mamallapuram Fest Plz see the attached file Page# 45
1 0 Now I would like to come to the topic of “India Inc Adding Fuel to Fire, says Angry PM Manmohan Singh ji” Usually a mute PM has opened the mouth not for those who are culprits but for those whose are contributing in developments of India. I don’t know why  everybody lagging behind after industrialist Whose is he talking about “no stake in our economic growth” It will interesting to know whose are those are not stake in our economic growth, an Industria Plz see the attached file Page# 44
1 0 It’s been referred by the Article published in the Economic Time (Stop These Raids “subtitle Stop indiscriminate raids on Industry, reform political funding”) dated 22nd Dec. 11. & the next day our honourable Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Ji Slammed the India Inc. which is a very disgraceful remark on the Industry & to the Common Men dated 23rd Dec. 11. Economic Times Plz see the attached file Page# 43
1 0 Is it okay to enforced so much compliance at initial stages when the entrepreneur  (entrepreneur means who took risk but now he/she taking risk & risk, it’s the real definition of the Entrepreneur in today’s scenario.) even could not able to meet out his/her expenditure? so he/she should be given some exceptions at least for some time or on the basis of turnover, it can also varied industry to industry. Plz see the attached file Page# 42
0 0 keeping in view the help recieved from CCTV cameras to curb crime...i request govt to make all the equipments related to CCTV cameras...tax free..so that usage/installation of CCTV cameras can be encouraged...
1 0 Trust based Compliance or Enforced compliance – Which is more effective? We are so much enforced from Businessmen to a Common men, everyone is grinding in these enforced Rules & Regulations. In current scenario we can’t abide these Complicated Rules & Regulations. We can’t abide Laws, principles & guidelines; even we accomplish all the proper filing & documentations etc…   they finds loopholes in our task…  not a big deal at all.. Plz see the attached file Page# 42
1 0 Everyone is crying that our system is corrupt, our system is corrupt!!!! amusing?? just put your hand at your heart & ask yourself? Are you not corrupt? Do you not give/take bribe in your life? Have you never bribe to someone to get done your work qickly? We all are culprit somewhere, Political corruption, Bureaucratic corruption, Corporate corruption & Individual corruption… it seems it’s flowing in our every nerve. Of course Zila Ghaziabad’s Team also brib Plz see the attached file Page# 34
1 0 Trust based Compliance or Enforced compliance – Which is more effective? Ofcourse, Trust based compliance are more effective than so called Enforced Compliance. We are really enforced by this corrupt & complicated system to comply the Rules & Regulations; it’s such apprehensiveness, beyond the think of even a professional person forget a common men. It seems that we are living in Bureaucracy not a Democracy, everything has been enforced upon us Plz see the attached file Page# 41
1 0 Why this fear? Is it because the laws empower these agencies to trap anyone at anytime? Of course Yes, Why? These agencies are most powerful & in India Industrialists haven’t power even to protest them. The real problem with these agencies is they never come to us when we initialize our industry, suppose you've got clearance from Forest Environment Dept. & carry on your activities, suddenly you’ll get a show-cause notice for revoking environment clearance fo Plz see the attached file Page# 38
1 0 Do we treat Police and all other enforcement agencies as our friend or we try to avoid them unless utmost neccessory? I can’t think even in my dreams to entertain them unless there is a utmost urgency to call them because they are not just a Corruptionists but also a bunch of White Collar Criminals. If police or these officials just enter into our premises then we feel a kind of shivering ran through in our entire nerve system, and we forget everything & ou Plz see the attached file Page# 37
1 0 Enforcement Agencies – friend or foe???? You come to office to accomplish your task & see the activities of factory, but you have to nudge with these depts., NGO’s, Politicians etc. almost thrice a week… 50% Energy has been waste of your top management to tackle them. Plz see the attached file Page# 34
1 0 ??  CCTV ????? ?? ???????? ?? ????? ???? ???? ???? ??????? ?? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ????? ???? ????? ???? CCTV ?????? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ???? ?? ??????? ?????????? ?? ????? ?? ????
1 0 Factory Setup in India??? How much it’s tough to setup even a small factory just forget about Big Industry. Just setup a factory, various Dept. has been lagged behind you, firstly Forest Environment Dept. followed by Mines & Geology Dept., Pollution Control Board, Power Dept., Labour Dept., Fire dept., Police Dept., Income Tax Dept., Compliance Agencies, list is long you can’t count it… alongwith local mafia’s hafta & don’t forget to give donation to NGO's Plz see the attached file Page# 34
1 0 My Conclusion on Child Labour Law Let's allow to children to work to protect their self respect rather than to leave them on the mercy of Social Societies or their respective Govt. If  work in their destiny then nobody can turn down the table because these social agencies can help them only in limited way or just for short of period. As I mentioned in my introductory mail, in my perspective view there is no harm to allow them to work 8 Hours a day & 2 hours Plzsee theattached file Page#16-17
1 0 Am I supporter/promoter for Child Labour???? No Way, I'm not supporter or promoter of Child Labour, but I want to fight for those children who badly required a respectable Job, until we can't provide them & their family proper food, education & other necessities things for live hood. I'm written all these things for the Rights of children of developing countries. I also have firm determination that I'll never receive any kind of Awards on National or Intl Plz see the attached file Page# 15
1 0 I always promote to youngsters (near about 1000) As I learned true realities of life so early and make my way towards in this Handicraft Industry. I always feel the necessities of youths, and encourage them by providing a job in the meanwhile of their studying with skilled workers so that they could get some experience and couldn't find difficulties of Real life when they enter in their respective professional life. I have seen very good results the.... Plz see the attached file Page# 14-15
1 0 What do, after completion of Studies??? When youth complete their Education (Graduate, Post Graduate or Intermediate) they feel that they are cheated by Educational Institutes because afterwards there is no way for them. There is so much unemployment here that you give an ad in newspaper for one vacancy then you find more than one hundred person in the queue for the respective job. Govt. Jobs required money & source and MNC or Private Company required highly... Plz see the attached file P# 14
1 0 Are children exploited by their owner on Account of Child Labour Law? Yeh of course, they are exploited by low profile owner, because a genuine Industrialist don't want to give job to Child Labour on account of Child Labour Law, even though there is no allowance to below 18 Person in the Factory Premises. However Manufacturer, Supplier, Shopkeepers, take this one as advantage with both Hands. They welcome child labour because even fully trained children receive. Plz see the attached file P# 14
1 0 Better Choice (Give more business to such Industrialists who is engaged in Welfare of Poor): It's a better choice to Purchase & Import from such Industrialists who is doing good work for poor from their own money. Instead of Imposed Social Compliance on them, we have to see how much their industries involved in Social Activities. Just promote them by giving more & more business to them, after seeing their functionalities of social working. Plz see the attached file P# 13 & 14
1 0 What kind of harm if Corporatists adopt them as Promoting Skilled Artisans ???? It would be better choice that such children adopted by Industrialists (First Earn & Then Learn System) where they could learn some skill Artisanship. There is no problem to engage them in soft work like Packaging & Handiwork as well as other numerous harmless work in Good Cultural Environment. They can provide them 2 hours daily Coaching Classes by professional faculty... Plz see the attached file P# 13
1 0 Much ado about nothing (NGO's Working Functionalities): Are NGO's are doing good work here in India? No, they are not sincere to demolish poverty, illiteracy, unemployment etc from the roots, because if all things would be removed from where they will get fund? They are getting more & more funds from Govt. as well as Foreign Aid. NGO's are more professional ever than before, if they do anything they organize Press Conference & Invite Media, Channel Reporters.. Plz see the attached file P# 13
1 0 Are they going to be a part of Criminalism & Terrorism? Yeh of course, they are soft target of Terrorist & Criminals. As they wondering for the suitable job or work in humiliated condition as Domestic Servant, Tea Serve Boy, Waiter etc. etc., they are easily approached by wrong doer lured by money as they required badly for their family. They see bright future in such activities & shortcut way to earn money. Plz see the attached file P# 12
1 0 To add fuel into the fire (World fame Departmental Stores imposed their Social Compliance): World fame Departmental Stores Like Wal-Mart, Target, K-Mart, J. C. Penny, Tuesday Morning, Two's Company, Mark & Spencer, etc. imposed their Social Compliance in these developing countries. They don't aware about the facts here & they Import only with such Vendors who is fit in their Social Compliance, which also prohibit to Child Labour. What's the benefit to prevent Plz see the attached file P# 12
1 0 Prohibited Child Labour (Difference between Developing & Developed Countries) To find a job in any industry here in India totally impossible at the age of 13, I'd wondered around the firms to getentry in field of Handicrafts, due to compulsion of Govt.'s Labour Law (which strictly prohibited child labour below 18). We are following too much westernization, but we have to see their prosperity too. There is no unemployment, every child has constitutional rights. Plz see the attached file P# 11
0 0 Sir, mera suggestion income Tax ko lekar hai, Kya hamari gov. aisa system bana sakti hai jisme ki tax payer ka paisa uske village ya city ke development ya besic needs ko poora karne me kiya ja sake. Jaise ki meri wish hai ki mere village me ek higher secondary school ho aur ek hospital bhi ho.Mere jaise aise kai log hain jo ye chahte hain ki unka tax paid money aise works me lage. Isse do fayade honge, ek to logo me income tax pay karne ki aur prerna milegi aur additional donate bhi karenge.
0 0 Respected PM Sir I m Arun Mishra i want that you should discuss your views on reservations(based on cast) in india.Sir our contry is free from british rulers  but the new huge problem is reservations on the basis of cast sir if this trend remain continue then a big rush is collected in our contry.Sir i m not totaly against the reservations but it should be on the basis of economical conditions of the people.In last sir thats time cut off of iit jee mains was gen.105 obc-70 sc-50 st-40 whatis
0 0 honesty,discipline,unity to represent brand india.keep your speech precise and give account of your achievements and future plans.Upliftment of FARMERS DISADVANTAGED;SOLDIERS; TEACERS AND EDUCATIONISTS; THIS IS A SUGGESTION; PLEASE GET TECHNOLOGY;KNOWHOW ABOUT HOWTO CONTROL FLOODS: WE SUFFER EXTREMITY;EITHER DRAUGHT OR DROWN from technically advanced nations. responsible & qlty filmmking which directly affects our societyy directLy GET SOME BEST FILM MAKERS AND DIRECTORS TO TRAIN IN FTII
0 0 Govt. should have scheme Kisan Ummeed Or Kisan Hausale through which Gram, Zila,State and Center shall have a common HelpDesk equipped with Financials,Psycological (Doctors),Total Support advisor with their help, there will zero suicide of Farmers. Farmer shall fight back and kill the problems instead of loosing hopes (Ummeed). India should together help Kisan one of the great pillar of India to sustain and prosper with family. Dhyanwad !!
0 0 Har Treator or har TV channel me Ek baar mygov.in ya fir eske jesi koi Anya yojna o ki add dikhani chahiye or wo bhi Cumpalsary tabhi to 125 million people Govment ki yojnao ki jankari Jan payega shirf durdrsan channel par dekhane se kuch nahi hoga ..Ek Maltinatinal company Hindustan levar jo tuthpest ki jagah colget logo ke muh se bula sakti he to fir Indian government kyu nahi vo to apne profit ke liye Etna marketing kar sakti he to fir ham des ke liye Itna nahi kar sakte
1 0 Dear modiji My name is vikas and i am a student of 11th class. I have share my thoughts and thinkings inside the pdf.I want to requested you to represent it to the front of peoples of India if it is appropriate. And also i want to thanks you and your team for tryin to involve peoples in law making and also for to know their opinion and what peoples of india actually thinks about things.
0 0 A nation cannot proper without discipline.Now a days we see indiscipline everywhere. As such it is necessary that our PM if considered justified may speak over the importance of discipline in daily life in his Independence day speech. In this connection I would like to site the example of founder father of Singapore Lee Kuan Yew who strictly imposed some of the good habits among  the citizen.
0 0 We will be highly obliged if you share your views on moral policing in this independence speech. Will be glad to hear if you teach police of this country esp. Mumbai to try to vanish crime happening on roads openly instead raiding hotel rooms where many of them who were on their wish insyd rooms & enjoying their freedom of movement, residing and privacy. Please tell Mumbai police nt to breach our privacy and if case is of immoral trafficking then not to exploit innocent people atlst We r tired
1 0 Government may take initiative for helping and guiding common people through telephone. A toll free number to meet the various requirement of common people may provided. Govt should set up a help centre where expert in various social sectors may be available for advising and helping common people.
1 0 Toll free help line for common people for advise on any issues, the adviser may transfer his call to concern help desk related to his problem. It mean caller may dial this number for advise on any subject /issues and his call may be diverted by receiver after recognizing his problem, to the concern help desk for solution The advise should be given by experts on the concern subject/issues and if required his call may be referred to senior expert on the subject for effective advise. Also thu email
0 0 1.	Toll free help line for formers to resolve their queries regarding forming, seeds quality, insecticides and pesticides, warehousing of grain and vegetables and marketing of the product. 2.	Toll free help line for students to resolve their queries regarding education on various subject, carrier counseling and psychological support and other specific problems of students. 3.	Toll free help line for Patients suffering from various diseases and health problems, psychological problems
0 0 Toll free help line for psychological support to senior citizens like psychological support, legal advise, medical advise etc. 5.	Toll free help line for women and girls to resolve their queries on various subjects like social security, police help, legal advise. 6.	Toll free help line for common people for advise on investments options, banking, NPS scheme, other insurance scheme which are beneficial to them. 7.	Toll free help line for common people for advise on legal issues and problems
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Following are the subject for which we can give additional 5 marks for students(for each): 1)Clean India Drive:Student should clean school & surroundings. 2)Yoga:Do the yoga at school & teach at least 10 peoples. 3)Literacy:Should literate & teach at least 10 illiterate people to write & read pledge. 4)Security:Should learn karate & Force Fighting course. Thank you for giving such a opportunity Sir. -Radhika vinod Chavan.(TE EXTC) -Vedika Vinod Chavan.(8th)
0 0 The Kisan Ummeed (Aur Kisan Hausla) shall work as a associated team from Gram to Center to provide psychological, planning and financial support to Farmer. In no condition farmer shall think for giving up (or suicide). Instead of killing self he/she shall kill the problem. And conquer it.
0 0 Respected Sir , We are students of Jaypee Institute of Information Technology.Sir we would like to draw your attention towards the problem faced by common people while experiencing some wrong doing.Sir ,most of the common people when see something wrong they hesistate to be involved in a police case so either they ignore it or they try to make it correct by themselves but not able to do that .So sir we have an idea of making a free app or making changes to camera of every phone
1 0 jese mygov.in me apne vichar share kar sakte he thik vese hi har Ek rajya (state ) har city ki esi hi Ek website honi chahiye taki har Ek nagrik apni city ya state me ho rahi problem, suggestions share kar sake or isse digital india Ko bhi khafi badhava (fayda) hoga chota se chota aadmi bhi apni city ke collector ya apne state ke CM ke shath tuch me rahega nobody is perfect but we can try to be perfect......!!!
0 0 Sir, Achhe din ka sapna tootne mat dijiye. Logon mein vishwas ki nai ummed jagane ki zaroorat hai. People are losing hope. That hope should not vanish. That will be suicidal.
1 0 LED bulbs, tube light and CFLs may be exempted from levy of all state and central Govt taxes to make it cheaper. It may result in substantial saving of electricity and may solve problem of shortage of electricity.
0 0 National highways and Expressways are Govt top priority area now-a-days, but the whole concept of expressway would be thwarted by rapid growth of commercial / industrial and residential construction along the expressways/bypass made to allow traffic move outside the city. Step should be taken by Govt immediately to stop this practice and Law should be framed to stop construction upto 200 meter on both side of the road/expressways, all such construction should be demolished.
0 0 Law should be amended to make mandatory  provision for parking in commercial building like banquet hall, shopping mall, cinema hall, companies offices, hotels, coaching institutes and other similar structures and industrial building. This is necessary to stop encroachment along the road side due to unauthorized and  indiscipline parking creating a traffic jam
1 0 It should be made mandatory for vehicle manufacturers to provide Traffic rule and safe driving precaution booklet in Hindi and English and regional language alongwith every new vehicle.An audio-visual program  of driving of two wheelers, car and heavy vehicle  and provisions of traffic rules and etiquettes should be prepared and be available on Ministries / RTO’s website for download which may be used for learning of driving. Traffic rule booklet and safe driving tips with driving license
0 0 Muje maloom he ki ye manch thik nahi he jo me aapse bat share kar raha hu Lekin me aapse kahna chahta hu ki aap Bihar chunav me galti kar rahe he Aap laluji or nitishji ko chodiye or waha ki janta ki bat kijiye Varna is jagde me chunav har jaoge Is chunav me aapko karna sirf itna he ki aap target sirf logo ke aatmsmman ko karo.unhe us had tak ehsas dilao ki vo itne Dino se kis jindgi ko jee rahe the. Or aane wala samay Bihar ka hoga.ye Bihar ke har nojwan me kut kut ke bhar do.phir dekho..
0 0 It should be made mandatory for vehicle manufacturers to provide Traffic rule and safe driving precaution booklet in Hindi and English and regional language alongwith every new vehicle.An audio-visual program  of driving of two wheelers, car and heavy vehicle  and provisions of traffic rules and etiquettes should be prepared and be available on Ministries / RTO’s website for download which may be used for learning of driving.Traffic rule booklet and safe driving tips with driving license.
0 0 Can we hear more concrete substance in the speech. Pl. no slogans and jargons. People want to know what have we done in last one year and where is country headed.
0 0 Respected Honorable Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi Sir. My Name is Rajat Kumar and I am a business man settled in Dubai from past 10 years and today was very much glad to know your valuable visit to an amazing nation U.A.E on 16th of Aug 2015. You are most welcome and we will pray your visit a very successful and support to  to all Indian expats staying here.We again WEL-COME you.In advance wish you a very Happy Independence Day . Mera Bharat Mahan.
1 0 Maanniya Pradhan Mantriji, Swatantra Din ke liye Sabhi Bharatwasiyon Ko Hardik Subhkamanye. Mera Suzav Kisan Ummeed Ke liye hain. ***** The suggestion to include the point related to Kisan Ummeed. To stop and make zero suicide of Farmer. There is a common helpline from Gramsevak, Collector, Agriculture Ministry State, Agriculture Ministry Center. Whenever any farmer needs help, he or she call send the help request.All possible help given Dhanyawad. Shailesh Shankar Kulkarni
0 0 Sir, the need of the hour, is a National Development Alliance, a union of the executive and the people to take this country forward, despite a few ill-advised, impulsive legislators, itinerant laggards & stragglers, who have chosen to queer the pitch. The government should have a trading arm like Singapore's Temasek Holdings for new age development, that can be fast tracked, easier FDI rules & monitored by a special cell in the PMO. This country, with its vast multitudes needs development.
0 0 Jis din haamre gov school ka haalt thik ho jayega ek padhai ke liye Jo  basic chig chaiye aur har wo advanced system ho jayega us din humlog ek ache bhart ka sapna dekh payenga.
0 0 Ban should be imposed on manufacturing of pressure horn, dangerous sound producing horn. 	Restriction on sale of hooter, siren and red/blue head light to prevent misuse. These items should be sold through only by authorized shop on production of a purchase permit issued by the traffic police
0 0 Sir, Aap se bus ek Hi gujarish hai ki jab aap 15 Aug ko apna speech de to ek baar sure sochiyega hamre gov school aur hamre yaha ke education system ko lekar.jis tarah se ek private school hota hai bus aap waisa Hi kar do dekh Lena ab wo din door nahi rahega jab har family apn,e bache ko gov mai bheja .hamre gov school mai bahut sare problem like infrastructure , sanitation, teachers , library , computer lab etc.
0 0 Provision of rickshaw stand, auto stand and car stand at important crossing of the city, bus station, railway station, temples, and key market locations are essential to avoid encroachments along the side of road and smooth traffic. Lack of this provision creates traffic jam. Encroachment along the side of the road is also a major reason of traffic jam and strict penal action is required to remove it. Even the govt. officers who are supervising road encroachment must be held responsible.
1 0 Lack of Motor Driving School in the country result in lack of driving skill among people. Every district head quarter must have a Motor Driving Training Institute and one month course for light vehicle drivers and 3 month course for heavy vehicle drivers should be commenced. Commercial driving license should be issued to only a person having completed a driving course from recognized institute.
0 0 Threat of Internal security has enhanced as it is time of proxy war. It should be addressed.	Indian defence should be made more hi-tech.And our internal and external intelligence agencies i.e. I.B. and RAW need to be made more efficient.
0 0 CCTV camera be installed at railway station, bus station, parks, crossings of roads, busy markets, outside the girls schools to have surveillance. Training Institute and courses should be started to train private security personnel working with Security agencies.
1 0 Dear Mr. Prime minister, Please find an attached poem with a title"मेरा भारत महान" I am hopeful that you will recite this with your speech. Jai Hind
0 0 Sir, use of 'PUBLIC TRANSPORT' should be made compulsory for public representatives. they will know the problems public face in commuting. then quality of services will definitely improve. cost of transportation & fuel will also go down. Regards
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime minister, Please find an attached poem with a title"मेरा भारत महान" I am hopeful that you will recite this with your speech. Jai Hind
0 0 There should be the  same and one equal Indian national law for every citizen (Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Isaiah, etc   ), there should be no interference of religion. Law brokers should be strongly punished. Tks
0 0 There should be a Crime research institutes to study crime graph at different time and different places, reason of crime, preventive measures required to suggest the steps to be taken to prevent crime.
0 0 Sir, Aaj haamre gov school ka position wahi hai Jo 10-20 saal pahele thi.aap je ke village ke gov school mai jaa ke dekhiye ki kya haal hai gov school ka na to teacher acha aur na Hi hamre school ki infrastructure thik hai.jab tak basic need fullfil aur educated teacher nahi honge humlog kabhi ek ache bharat ki sapna nahi dekh sakte hai.aaj her middle class family gov school mai apne bache ko nahi bhejata .ye aap bhi jante ho.itna Sara paisa khurch karte hai phir humra education system wahi hai
0 0 Police to be strengthened, be made polite, disciplined, and hi-tech and policy should be framed to provide 30% reservation in police for women.	Police force should also be deployed in civil uniform. Status of FIR lodged be made available on-line to complainant. 	 There should be sufficient advertisement to make people aware of law and they should be motivated to inform police about criminal activities and criminals, if any , in their locality.
0 0 Jail should be re-named as Reform Centre. Steps should be taken to reform the prisoners. They should be made aware that reform in their behavior may minimize the punishment. Proper policy may be drafted in this regard.
1 0 our scientist's are studying and developing in each and every area.   ...but we are still ignoring Antarctica ...we just have single camp...we have to increase the number of camps on Antarctica...which helps in studying ice melting and other environmental issues....
1 0 Problems of lack of public toilets need to be addressed. Most people do not use public toilets because of non-maintenance of hygiene. Wherever public toilets are made, it should be in sufficient numbers so that hygiene may be maintained.It should be made mandatory for all restaurants to have toilet facility.Public toilets should be within reach (i.e. within 500 meter from any point) of everybody in cities.
1 0 3- In our country many states, political parties are only doing vote bank politics skills persons are going out of state to earn money and they are also not able to participate elections. So my suggestion is, if any citizen who’s having passport they will be able to caste the vote via online voting option and for security purpose we adopt many options. I think by opted this we will increase voting percent by min.15%.
0 0 2- Whatever companies doing business in India they will take hardest entrance or employment exam but needs to give a chance equally to all youth. if 33% marks required to pass then they will also eligible for employment in INDIA but unfortunately all CMM5 level companies set his own criteria of selection which I think it’s challenging the Indian Government Education System if not possible then change the  passing criteria at initial level.
0 0 1- Your government in central so first change required in central whatever joining happen Jan 2015 onwards all employees needs to do 6 month (mandatory army training)  within two years of joining 70% expense bear by employee in next five years by salary deduction (Freedom is not free needs to understand) , it will change our discipline mindset and working culture. If it will successful states will also choose in future.
0 0 Dear Pradhanmantri Ji, I would to like to thank you to our government to give a chance to citizens what's change they want to in regular life, I have few points to for your perusal if possible please think about it, its related to youth....
0 0 To Honorable prime minister of India we are electing our leaders for MLA's M.P's Corp orators and panchayat members but after electing 99% of the members they don't bother about people and tell they had spent for the election and how should I get it back so to get back the money they stop all office transactions as per the rule and corporators they stop development works for want of bribe and their relatives only take the tenders etc.... so you please speak about the local freedom first pl.
0 0 It should be made mandatory for all restaurants to have toilet facility. All offices, banks, housing societies, temples, police thanas, post offices, courts, Registry offices, market complexes, shopping complexes and doctor’s clinics, clinical labs should have toilet facility for common people.
0 0 My Suggestion to Honourable PM Modi ji is our prestigious Organization DRDO (Defense reaserch and Development organization) should be named after our beloved People's President Dr.Abdul Kalam as Dr.Abdul kalam Reaserch and Development organization as like Bhabha atomic Reaserch centre (BARC)
0 0 My name is Rahul Dixit and I reside in Kandivali lokhandwala near kranti nagar auto stand.I wanted to share my view about my locality. There are few wine shops in my locality which sell the alcohol openly. As the  Indian law states drinking is prohibited for below 21 years of age but I noticed that boys below 21 are even consuming alcohol and that to in a public place near that wine shop. As I can see that this is leading a bad future for the upcoming generation.
0 0 Respected sir, Please announce "Indian national vegetable " on this independence day.
0 0 •	All municipalities may be strengthened •	After cleaning a particular area it may be declared as cleaned area and be maintained. Polluters may be punished. •	Sms be sent to make India aware of cleanliness, hygiene, Pm jan dhan yojana, Insurance Scheme, Rly etiquettes and legal information and other information to make people aware citizen.
2 0 #Transportation: Can we have an Application like 'Rejsekort' (www.rejsekort.dk) i.e. used in Denmark for providing citizens access to all modes of transport within Mumbai etc. or country (in the long run) using a single transport card? Modernization through introduction of bullet trains, better connectivity and improved infrastructure is key but we shouldn't miss the core service elements defining the passenger experience. An App like Rejsekort might be the answer (Limiting Factor: Population)
1 0 Time bound program of cleanliness. 1st phase •	100 major railway station to be cleaned by Dec 2015 •	Next 500 by the end of June 2016 •	All railway station by the end of 2016 •	All ghats of Varanasi by the end of Dec 2015 •	Major 100 hospitals by the end of Dec 15 •	Another 1000 by the end of 2016 •	100 major bus stands by Dec 2015 •	another 1000 by the end of 2016 •	Remaining by 2016 •	Major school, college, university campus and outside of campus in the same manner by June 2016
0 0 for 15th august one point should be on - 1.emphasis  on 'POLITICAL &  SOCIAL WORK CULTURE' that specified minimum quantity of work ensure to be done in local bodies/parliament. it should not be affected by any differences. we are growing economy. every citizen want this. 2.emphasis on 'GIVEUP SUBSIDY' at all level by elected representative and able people. there need to be two price list one 'Full Price' and second 'Subsidised Price' people will know how many go for full price.
0 0 Honorable PM I request you to say about how to eradicate the three curse of our country - illiteracy,poverty and population  which are co-related to one another and struck progress.To eliminate illiteracy we need to set a mission to make every Indian literate(at least person can read & write on his mother tongue) before 15th August'17.Only an educate person can try to find a way to uplift from poverty & can think about the uncontrolled population explosion. Jai Hind!Vandemataram!
0 0 Time bound program of cleanliness                                                                            •	All Govt offices and premises all historical building and nearby New Delhi  to be cleaned by the end of 2016 •	All state capital by  the end of 2016 •	All major city by the end of 2017 •	All district ho by the end of 2018 •	All India by the end of 2019
0 0 Sir I want u to say and think about population control.I know it's difficult but without it,your every scheme will not work.suppose u plan for three people n when plan is implemented,3 people become seven which leads to inefficiency of plan or scheme
0 0 On 15th August we got independence from British but our corrupt leaders given this country in the hand of CORRUPTION that is more dangerous.
0 0 I think our PM should speak on the issue of mushrooming coachings n detoriating quality of education.  All farmers, middle class are mad about coaching institutes. preparation n coaching for engineering medical starting from class sixth onwards. At higher level there is coaching even for peon level exams. role of doctors in society. they should work towards making medical facility affordable. Ethics and care for poor is the core of medical profession. Affordable consultatio n other charges.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister sir i am requesting to say few words on SAMAJIK SAMARASATA,because till the many well educated people have very narrow thinking.
0 0 After Green revolution, Milk revolution and telecom revolution, we need Education Revolution i.e. 100% literacy, good quality education particularly development of scientific education.
0 0 Adharnee Pradhanmantriji Your last two rallies in Bihar are somewhat replica of your rallies in Delhi during Assembly elections. Pl do not make the campaign negative. My suggestion is to highlight the achievements of your Govt during the last yr especially for the weaker sections of the society. Planfor development of Bihar should be key feature in coming rallies in Bihar. Nitsh Kumar is a shrewd politician and he knows how to tweak the statements to his advantage. kind regd anil
0 0 Sir, Defense personnel who lose their life protecting Jammu and Kashmir could be differently rewarded... give their kins right to live and work in J&K. Perhaps they may not avail of opportunity but it will be a great gesture from the gov't of J&K.  Perhaps you may not be able to announce this on independence day without concurrence from J&K government. Perhaps they may have to pass that resolution in their assembly. However if you do find merits in suggestion, you will find way to implement.
0 0 He must speak on preventive medicine and on screening of diseases to reduce overall cost on healthcare.Protection of Doctors by societal violence and strict checks of food stuff/manufacturing companies against adulteration to make india a healthy nation.Health should be a national issue with india becoming world capital of diabetes,heart diseases and accidents etc...Encourage private hospitals towards Compulsory OPD for poor people.
0 0 100 smart cities was a great idea last year.  How about expanding to 500, even 1000 smart towns? We need to harness the genius of millions of Indians lacking access to  opportunities that urban areas have. I suggest that small towns where more than three highways, whether National or State cross, are taken up first . These towns must develop as agriculture extension , financial , higher education, transport and employment hubs to bring their rural hinterland into the development mainstream.
0 0 May I please request to Hon'ble PM sir on the following points to sympathetic consideration Set up a mechanism to supervise the progress of work on ground. Set accountability of the Govt Employee from top to Bottom with moral boast up honest and hard worker and weed out black sheep strictly. To remove the slavery system in the uniform services specially in the rank of constabulary. To arrange residential and educational set up for uniform personnel paying service in the nation.
0 0 Respected sir, I only wish to aspire to the things you’ve achieved. Telling you that you’re “appreciated” does not do your service justice. You’re the best! Please make the youth with Best mid grade officers remains foundational to the Army's success who are working and started honestly trying to work on more for Nation .
0 0 1) Announce primary needs of human beings are 4 instead of 3 viz. Food, Shelter, Clothes & Fresh Air. 2) Fresh Air can be easily generated by making a Jan Aandolan. Jan Aandolan of presenting a small plant like "Tulsi" to each other during any happier or sad moments.
0 0 Sir.. Please Share your view on terrorist attack and ofcourse on action on that.. Please Sir make sure that you include direct worning to our neighborhood Pakistan on this 15th August....
0 0 Honorable prime minister sir, I Request your highness to address digital India concept i.e interlink every purchase, services , certificates ,travel tickets ,money transactions  etc... with aadhar number unique ID
0 0 I think you should talk about this issue in your Independance day speech as this is very serious issue and related with general public day to day life this also make effect on productive population of our country. So please take serious action on this issue.
0 0 SIR, FIRSTLY I WOULD LIKE TO THANK U FOR GIVING US AN OPPORTUNITY FOR TAKING FEW WORDS OF "JANATA".I HAVE THE FOLLOWING POINTS SIR, IF WE WANT CHANGE THEN WE HAVE TO CHANGE SOMETHING: 1.SIR IT IS MOST IMPORTANT THING TO BE DONE AND IT IS TO CONDUCT AN EXAM FOR THE LEADERS TO BE SELECTED NOT AS ENTRANCE EXAMS BUT IT SHOULD BE. 2.AND AS WE CAN SEE NOW A DAYS IN INDIA THERE IS A LARGE NUMBER OF SKILLED LABOUR SO SIR DO SOMETHING FOR THEM ALSO AS SUCH WE HAVE MANY ENGINEERS, MBA THANK YOU SIR
0 0 Culture and Tourism are integrally linked. Promoting one cannot be done without promoting the other.  Two separate Ministries for these ensure haphazard squandering of National resources. Cultural festivals are planned with babus working without sync. This Independence day, Modiji, please announce merger of these two Ministries over, say , the next three months. This would bring out the synergies of cultural tourism, devising of tourist itineraries with irresistible, unforgettable appeal
0 0 Also drivers mental conditions are also very serious both of these things are major reason for road accidents. So I request you & Mr.Gadkariji to take strict actions against vehicle owners who are not maintaining there vehicles properly & also include driver trade in regular ITI course of education which make drivers aware about the risk and value of their job. Also take serious action on RTO dept.officers who are not giving attention to overloaded vehicles which is major reason of road accident
0 0 This is kannan.k.s from mettur dam.this is regarding how to control plastic items,which are thrown by people. each and every products used by people should have gift coupons(like 1,2...etc rupees, depending upon the products value) if customer used there products, they will not thing it's waste and thrown.they will return waste to the shopkeeper and get back money depending upon the gift coupons. According to my idea,people will not thing it as waste and throw outside.Thisidea help our nation
0 0 please see full script in pdf
0 0 primary education is an importent factor nation bulding so give importants to that soon
0 0 Respected Sir, I want to share my views about road accidents happening now a day with increasing graph day by day, which is very serious hurdle in the development of our country. This is due to most of people suffering in these accidents are youth i.e. 18 to 45 years age group. I am working with a multinational company as a Logistics Manager and come across with heavy vehicles movement in my day to day activities. During these activities I come to know that condition of vehicle is very serious.
0 0 respected sir, there should be a proper and strict criteria for one who is seving our nation as ministers MPs MLAs.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Let me take this opportunity to congratulate you for taking the sincere initiative for helping the poor in our country. By taking your advise we, our family also gave up the gas subsidy for the poor in our nation. I have a suggestion to include in your Independence day speak to encourage philanthropic activities in our nations, if possible kindly announce some encouraging recognition for those who are in this field. Thanks and regards Vinu N Mangalam
2 0 Respected Narendraji Modi There should be No charges,whatsoever and whosoever,for using any electronic mode for payment of goods and services i.e. to say All transactions thru banks (debit/credit cards, netbanking, etc) should not have any kind of charges/levies. All sellers/service providers must be given incentives for doing cashless transactions. This will automatically decrease use of cash resulting direct control on duplicate notes,black money,thefts,cost of printing notes,etc.
0 0 Continue..... Which remind every day our responsibilty to each indian.
1 0 We can start nation building with children as AAJ JAI HIND KIA KYA? After waking up in morning before doing good morning child should say JAI HIND, which emphasis their responsibility and honour towards nation. Further, every morning national enthum should be sing in each and every organisation as we can see after conpletion of study in schools we never sung national enthum. We want our working will start from seeing our flag and national enthum which remind every day our social respo
0 0 I want to suggest hon psmart city prom that on 15 august he must ask the people of country about his ject , such that people of india must be smart ,other wise they will make smart city in to normal city. means they have to change their habbits ,they have to throw garbage in dust bin and must use every things of govt like tranport roads etcin proper way without damaging them ,and they have to think that this is like our property, population is also a very essential topic which hon pm must raise
0 0 Hello Sir, Taking right step in the matter of Media control. In India there must be no right to speak in this kind of sensitive matters,without any base or proof. Otherwise one should be punished severely. India has such a large population and this is right step to prevent any rumor or misconceptions. Thanks.
1 0 1. India Development Plan for next 10 years 2. Development status in last 1 year ( NDA tenure) 3. Modernization of Police and Army Navy AF to counter terrorism. 4. Social development , Man Women equality and empowerment. 5. India's strength in the world. 6. Bring India in developed nations list, example of European models like Sweden. 7. Swachh Bharat Mission.
2 1 Respected sir, I'd like to request you to give a speech to make aware the people of the air pollution caused urban cities. In each educated home if there are 4 members in the family, there will be atleast 3 vehicles in that home.1 for the husband,another 1 for the wife and the other for their college going child. If this happens in every home  what will be the condition of the people residing in that city.Because if this reason air pollution is increasing day-to-day only in urban areas.
0 0 Infrastructure is more important factor .It is mirror of nation. If we use plastic waste to make roads. Material is cheap. We are lucky that we have this technique.
1 1 Please urge people to use low beam in City, as well as when they see any incoming vehicle on highway. This will significantly reduce the accident and death in road accidents. I have seen the impact of Swachh Bharat campaign when our PM leads it from front.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 1 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
1 1 Mobile phone technology/internet made revolution in India, This 15th August, every mobile user having internet should download the National Anthem and play the same at fixed time suggested by ministry of information and comm. National Anthem downloading link should be provided to all mobile user.This will create world record that the Indian citizen having cell phone play National Anthem of country at a time.The word have to spread by social media.This can also be done after PM speech on 15th Aug
0 0 Great PM please cover the importance of team work in our individual, official or social life.As we can see We Indian are great as a individual but a nutter failure as a team.In my view Except in Army and Bhagat Rata individual awards may be converted to group awards.
0 0 #PM, How would you like to address those citizens who have relatives staying abroad. How can they contribute to the nation? for e.g. you are going to the US later this year. Anything that you can say in your #IndependenceDay speech, for e.g. if US citizens of Indian origin visit India along with a family of one US national and tours India with the relatives (govt will incentivise these tours in whichever way)
0 0 1. Police Modernization: Plan billion dollar investment in Indian police modernisation - training, equipment, ethics, office, vehicle etc - starting form all capital cities in next 5 years.
0 0 Litigation among states should be stopped like over water and other issues. 2) Water conservation and augmentation
0 0 Regulatory Authority: Empower and invest in regulatory authority to make them at par international regulatory authority. e.g. FSSAI should be given more financial support - it's bench mark should be FDA (USA), EFSA (EU).
0 0 FDI: encourage FDI in Quality Auditing system e.g. allow BRC food quality system for food industries, quality assurance in construction and housing, quality in supply chain etc.
0 0 Dear Sir, State Governments has taken steps officially for ban on the use of plastic bags below 50 to 40 microns but It's rarely implemented except metropolitan cities and shopping malls. If it is strictly followed at all the levels of the society,  it will certainly help to reduce the huge amount of non-degradable waste, making the nation nearly 40% clean and eventually will help to run our clean India campaign more effectively.Request you to appeal our people to stop using plastic bags.
0 0 Road Safety: Implement modern bill as soon as possible to save millions of lives in next 10 years.
0 0 Under  "Learn and Earn" scheme, student work in relevant industry as an “Apprentice” . Industry pays monthly stipend to each attached student as per the Apprentice Act provisions which is enough for the cost of living and education. After work hours, university arrange “Teaching - Learning” using Mobile ready Lectures and practical at study center labs. It will help us to create large skilled workforce with B.Tech degree without any cost to government. It provides free education to all students.
0 0 cigarette is harmful and kills people , but its owner is a billionare, alcohol is harmfull kills people , but its owner is a billionare, food gives us life and its owner i.e;  farmer is poor . . thats not fare sir ,
0 0 1. Privatise railway coach manufacturing - there is no innovation Indian train. Government should sell it's stake in the coach manufacturing plant to the private companies to improve passenger amenities, comfort and innovation.
0 0 #PM, shehron mein Weekend ko bada mahatva hain. what can you say to the citizens about spending weekends? #IndependenceDay
0 0 Swachh Bharat - Establish ranking system for all educational institute under swachh bharat based on based international practices. Encourage innovation in public hygiene and sanitation.
0 0 aap ko un  lakho-crodo logo ke bare me bat karni chahiye .jinhe aajadi or gulami me antar nahi pata kuki way sarak par hi peda hote h or gumnami me wahi par mar jathe hai.68 saal ke bad bhi hum unhe sar par chat or ak phachan patra bhi nahi de paae.unhe vote ke bare me bhi kuch nahi pata kuki koi phachan na hone ki vajhe se voter list me naam darj nahi h.yadi aap ak bar ase logo ke bare me swantra divash par bat karege to unhe aapne hone ka ahsah hoga .unahe lagega ki unke aache din aane wale h
0 0 #PM, hamare samaj jeevan mein 'Natural Disasters' ka sthan hain. Fortunately ya unfortunately. Iske bare mein bhi kuch boliye, #IndependenceDay
0 0 1. Swachh Bahart - Make recyclable and domestic waste segregation compulsory at home  in all capital cities, government colonies - like coal India, private colonies etc 2. Make compulsory training, project work in school on hygiene, waste disposal, domestic waste segregation education,practical lesson compulsory.
0 0 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it "free" under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode !
0 0 #PM, a lot of eatables and other things gets wasted in festival season. Can e-commerce companies sell waste on their platforms. It can be collected by government agencies. For e.g. immediately after the Visarjan day on Ganeshotsav.
0 0 JAI HIND sir , my name is parul srivastava , im a respected citizen of INDIA . Its very painfull to see wastage of electricity , street lights kept on all the time , even in day . most of the people dont get enough light and some are wasting it endlessly . secondly, people throw garbage anywhere with 0 regrets , as THERE ARE NO DUSTBINS . . . . . . . i want my india to stand at no 1 in cleaness and neatness, you should defeanetly rise this issue among people . thank you so much sir . .
0 0 #PM, plz, plz, plz, i know this may sound trivial but the amount of food wastage we see in marriages has cascading ramifications. It's related to Inflation. Thus i say. Please urge the startup companies to make an app that will solve this problem. The app will aggregate information on wher extra food is and where it can be routed to. Fresh. #IndependenceDay
0 0 1. Fix minimum working hours in Parliament - due to disruption in parliament India is suffering, going behind many years. Increase number of parliament session.
0 0 1.Promote Equality at all places -- School, work places, colleges, private institution -- everywhere people should feel equal. Even at school some teacher prefer meritorious students over weaker one which is a not a good practice. At work from pion to the manager should be treated equally. Ricksaw puller, bus driver, taxi driver, aeroplane pilot-- all should be treated with equal respect.
0 0 SAVE AND REMIND THE FOLLOWING:/ UNITY AMONG YOUTH / VALUE OF FEMALE CHILD / INCULCATE THE MORAL VALUES/ FEEL ONE-NESS AMIDST DIVERSITY / LIVE BEYOND SELF AND FAMILY FOR YOUR SOCIETY.  UNITE THE FORCES FOR THE BETTERMENT OF YOUR VILLAGE/TOWN/LOCALITY/ GIVE WEIGHTAGE TO WASTES. UN-USED LAND SPACES MUST BE MADE PRODUCTIVE/ LAND-SPACE ADJACENT TO RAILWAY-LINES &  HIGHWAYS MAY BE MAINTAINED BY SHGS OF THOSE AREAS FOR CULTIVATION OF MEDICINAL PLANTS. / FINALLY, THROW-AWAY POISONOUS WORDS & EVEN IDEAS.
0 0 #PM, i think, you are doing good work but scheme announce hone ke baad, uska ek consolidated ranking- scheme by scheme- every quarter hona chahiye. Aur isko ek sustainable model ke tauur pe hame viksit karna chahiye. Jisme sirf rajya sarkar hi nahi, logo se bhi feedback liya jaye.
0 0 I am attaching herewith few suggestions which,if implemented in a time bound manner,will definitely transform the lives of the citizens of our great nation.
0 0 #PM, Please set certain targets that will be achieved by the government and the citizens together by #15thAugust 2016. You will then announce them in the 2016 speech. Aur #PM sir, Please CONVERT every scheme into a RANKING. For e.g. In Swach Bharat, Mah or Tripura tops the list. In digital India, Kashmir or Tamilnadu tops the list. The rankings can be announced every three months.
1 0 sir agar possible ho to bharat me e-money ki suruat kijie. matalb phusical currency nahi sirf online trading hona chahie. iski help se bahot fayda hoga 1. sab transation online banking se hinge to black money nahi rahega. 2. duplicate currency ka problem bhi solve ho jayega. pahele kisi aek state se start karke phir agarsafalta milti h to ae yojna age badhai ja sakti h. and it is possible like the mobile revolution in of india.
0 0 #PM, aapke #IndependenceDay sambodhan mein bachon ko samay dijiye. They are there in the audience too. Bachon mein takat hai ki vo pure samaj ko dauda sakte hain, to achieve something. Swami vivekanand ne bhi ye baat kahi hai.
0 0 IND(IA)EPENDANCE DAY AN OCCASION TO RELISH OUR FIGHT AGAINST BRITISH MONARCHISM. NOW WE HAVE TO STRIVE FOR THE GROWTH OF OUR NATION ABUNDANT WITH VARIED CULTURES AND LIVING STANDARDS. THE UNITY OF VASUDEVAKA KUDUMBAM IS AN EYE-SORE FOR MANY NATIONS IN THE WORLD. RUBBISHING THEIR ATTEMPTS TO DERAIL OUR UNITY, WE HAVE TO INNOVATIVELY SURGE AGAINST THESE FORCES BY BRINGING OUR YOUTH ENERGIES TOGETHER. IDEAS:/ USE ELECTRICAL ENERGY ECONOMICALLY./ IMPLEMENT INNOVATIONS IN OUR ROUTINE TO ADD VALUE.
1 0 Respected PM, Opposition and some people are criticising you for your more abroad tours.In your speech all the achievements must be predominantly highlighted so that Nation must know what we have achieved with your foresightedness and vision. Persons of your office must list out the evaluations of your each tour.I have by now list of 17 achievements; whereas your work-force must be more intelligent to derive much more outcomes of your tours.Let nation may know your capabilities.
0 0 Respected PM, Further to my suggestion dated 07th August 15 regarding 'Sabka Sath Sabka Vikas'; Rs.1/- suggested is for the poorest people.Rich people can contribute any amount in this fund which may be exempted from I.Tax.Even black-money may be deposited by the people which maybe unnamed.Atleast our country will be benefitted.Before the start of the scheme amount thus collected be announced and balance amount be contributed by Govt.
1 0 Honourable Modi ji....... First of all, I am a die-hard fan of your WHOLE PERSONA. You are my ideal....I try my level best to follow your footsteps in bits n pieces in my own sweet way. Sir,I belong to New Delhi. I just want to direct your attention towards majorly two areas that requires improvement badly..Firstly the city always remains very dirty n filthy. Secondly, the streets n roads are full of beggars & thieves. Begging has turned into a full time profession which has become a nuisance.
0 0 #PM, please/ War memorial par update dijiye, in your #IndependenceDay speech. Also, parents want their children to go for well paid jobs but the attraction towards becoming an army man/in defence forces is at an all time low. Please, in your #IndependenceDay speech, say something that will make parents to encourage their children to go in the defence forces.
0 0 The easiest thing one can do is to criticize others and what has been done in the past by others.  Kindly stop this.  Explain your policies and programmes and your achievements.  I have cast my vote for the latter and not for flamboyance and mimicry.   While keyng in this, I heard that urine smelling dirty water is flowing from myGOV's drinking water pipeline. No one in Govt listens to a citizen's complaints.
0 0 #PM, Please address the athletes of this country in your #IndependenceDay speech. They will participate in Rio 2016 next year. We want a gold this time. how can the citizens contribute?
0 0 #mr.narendramodi try to give job for young india for your #digitalindia campang #mygovindia
0 0 #PM, Please give a mention to Shri Aurobindo in your #IndependenceDay speech. It's his Birthday. Also, please address the citizens who not only belong to India but to all Indians residing all over the world. Also children are the most obedient lot out of all age groups. If you urge them to start doing a productive thing that will not only imbibe good samskaras in them but also benefit the country, their schools, friends and family members, it will serve well.
0 0 We see here and in many of the European Lands like Germany and Holland they produce Electricity from the Alternate source like Solar Energy and from Wind energy. In Switzerland is the  idea of Solar energy production spreads fast now,  as for 3 years.  Government give a substantial subsidy to enhance this idea. Switzerland has surplus production in Energy sector but they want to reduce the Energy Producton from Atom
0 0 respcted sir,you should appeal people to avoid using plastic bags
1 0 Sir Please announce a sachem on Our Independence day for our army, because they protect our independence and only because of them we can enjoy our every moment without fear sir please announce an A/C number from which general public can donate funds to our army. and all the donations should b notified for 100% deduction form taxable incom under 80c. and top 10 detonators should b awarded on 26 jan/ 15aug. by this we can also do something for our country....
0 0 Prime issues on which we like #PM to address on #IndependenceDay for #MyGov : 1. Terrorism. Words and speech are enough now. Time to take strict action. No more discussions for terrorist & his origin. Convict him/her. National Security is FIRST 2. No more Reservation: Let's focus on giving free education to all poor (define income slabs). But, getting Job will purely based on skills, talent. It's matter of our country. 3. Kashmir is ours: No PAK flags in J&K. We need action. Not just words.
0 0 #PM, i think, your #IndependenceDay speech should have a practical aspect to it. So as to say, the government and people come together to work with a long term vision. In your last #15thAugust 2014 speech, you said, "log sochte hain is mein mera kya aur agar mera kuch nahi to mujhe kya," i think it's time, you can give a chance to the citizens that they not only have the love for this country during natural disasters and War but also during peace.
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, I have been living in Medan, Indonesia for last 3 Years. I would like to share with You that Every Friday it's a tradition to wear Traditional Batik Prints in Indonesia. We in India have so much of traditional & hand made clothing - Khadi, Kanjiwari, Banarasi, Handooms, Rajasthani Prints & So On. I would request you to Appeal that one Day in a week every one should wear Indian Handloom / Khadi that will help to boost sales & survival of our "Hathkargha Udyog". Regards Ashish
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Request you to please mention the Path holes in the Indian Roads (It can be any Road any Municipality, State Govt, Center Govt, Gram Panchayat etc). We are moving towards Clean India and we will achieve it. However Clean India Alone can not make India Beautiful. For Beautiful India we have to make Our Roads Beautiful with No Path Wholes. People should have been provided a separate platform to post photo of such Path holes so that Contractors can be punctual.#PainOfCommonMan
0 0 #PM, why don't you ask the youth of this country to take up an initiative, which will be co-ordinated by the respective state governments. It can be about anything like generating awareness about 'Swach Bharat' for e.g. every citizen will turn by turn 20 mins a day will stand on the road with fellow citizens with cutouts about 'Swach Bharat'. This project will only be run until there is overall consensus in the people that there is no longer a need to make people aware becos by then, OBJ ACHIEVE
0 0 PM should speak on reservation issue that the people living luxurious life and paying less money for education where as a commen man who is not able to pay fees of their child. Invite people to leave thier cast benifits.
1 0 “Is the constitution above the human life ?” It's been asked by one of My Follower at Child Labour Law & Unemployment towards Terrorism & Criminalism https://www.facebook.com/clluttc Officials have a problem, if they see these children in a respectable Industry… because they see a bright chances of getting bribe in such circumstances…  but Shockingly they have no problem to see them engaged in Restaurant, Tea Stall, newspaper-delivery, shoe-shine boys, rag-pickers, beggars etc., See Page# 8
0 0 After clean and green India, we need to work on the politeness. How can we be polite to others, especially the people at the public dealing jobs such as police, traffic police, hospital staff, government employees and everybody. Make everybody polite and nice. We need to make India a happy country and everybody should greet with smile and politeness. The frustration levels should come down. Mr. Modi please include this in your speech. May be you can tell about Yoga therapy for keeping calm
0 0 #PM, lot of ideas from this programme. Charcha Mein on suggestions for PM's speech on Independence Day, tonight @ 10:00 pm. #IndependenceDay
0 0 #PM If atleast something that can be done to ease the office goer's commute from home to office and back. Now, with proliferation of apps, this can be done. Capacity planning of which railway station handles what amount of traffic in which time frame of the day. If you can address this in your #IndependenceDay speech.
0 0 Plz Pakistan Ke bare me kuchh dhamakedar speech dijiye..... Unko Sabak Sikhana jaruri he
0 0 Dear Sir, Indian mainly wants House ,Food , Cloth ,Good Health and Financial help for poor people for study & marriage of girl Child. Hence kindly take care above things You will be treated as God in Indian History & no one can beat you in elections. Now almost one & half year completed hence nation waits for result for their vote Kind Regards NAYAK
1 0 One of my Mission & Motive Provide Respectable Job  to Child Labourer & Unemployed Child Labour Law & Unemployment towards Terrorism & Criminalism I’m against the current “Child Labour Law” which block up to needy children to get the respectable Job. So according to my point of view, let’s allow to children to work to protect their self respect.. . If work in their destiny then nobody can turn down the table because  Plz see the attached file Page # 6 & 7
1 0 Can we stop using plastic flags that are seen across country on Independence and Republic days? This not only adds to the pollution but the bigger issue is derogation of the National flag. After the function is over, you can see these flags being mutilated under feet,dumps in the garbage and also being burnt. I really don't see any National Pride in using these flags.
0 0 Dear Sir, Some Points in nationalIntrest-01.Please scarp all subsidies except White card Holder.02.Supply free Agricultural Items including fertiliser upto 5Acre Land Holder.03.Setup Good Hospitals for free checkup&supply of medicines & increase MBBS seats for counter.4.Free education to Girl Child .05.No Quota on the basis of Caste pl.provide financial helps to poor 06.Make one national policy irrespective of cast&religion to control Population ,crime.07. All SIM Cardholder should be checked
1 0 but will also save crores of rupees flowing out to boost Chinese economy when people spend this on Chinese lighting systems. This just one of the items that draws a lot of money our to boost Chinese economy. If we can stop this habit and create some discipline in declining Chinese products will save several crores in our economy. Regards, Sanjay Sharma
0 0 dear sir please control the traffic system on roads.more vehicle are creating traffic problem on road.so please take a action. firstly you load higher rate of road tax on private vehicles. if govt vehicle givivng better services then every body use govt vehicles for travelling
0 0 Dear PM, It's been more than 1 year and you promise to bring a law to clean the Parliament and vihan sabha but till now we haven't seen improvement. There are several MP and MLA who are facing corruption and criminal charges and trial for the same running in the  our for several years. You promised that you will make law to complete the trial within one year time, what happened to your commitment pls share your ideas on that too. Also kindly make any law to control encroaching in india
1 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister, Now a days we see the market is flooded with legal as well as illegal Chinese products. I would be great if you can stress on using made in India products along the call we are pitching for Make in India. This will not only save crores of rupees in our own economy but also boost our small scale industry. For example, with the start of the festive season, promoting earthen diyas will not only boost economic condition of our potter community -- Part 1.. contd...
1 0 Dear representative Sub:ensuring internet connection at every home. I am from a remote rural place of India. for more than three years I am struggling to get internet connection. But I am ashamed to say that I failed to get that. I am from Polagam, Nagapattinam(dt) Tamilnadu. In my area many Engineering,arts and science, school students are  studying.Their education is incomplete. plz talk about Ensuring the internet connection on every village.The world is in Rocket we r in bullock cart.
0 0 1.every year each person should plant at least 5-10 tress 2.no person should die in the country due to hunger 3.Govt should take responsibility of healthcare of each person of the country and if required they may impose tax/insurance premium for the same. 4.Wastage of money & resources in family functions/marriages should be minimized. 5.All persons should mandatorily do exercise/yoga in the morning or at suitable time.
0 0 Dear  Prime-minister Sir, bride burning and Dowry death is one of the major social problems .  often neglected . Even in the 21st century our country is facing this menence in huge number. the number of BURNS cases related to bride burning reported in our country is huge.on the contrary the treatment of burn is very expensive and time consuming. So you can appeal to youth and their parents to stor asking for dowry . like u initiated selfie with dauther. samilar selfie with daughter-in-law.
1 0 Give assurance on 15th August that government will put a ban on block/stop of roads & rails so that people will not suffer in all over India. All these acts are done to defame your government and tourism.
0 0 In this way... Both can be achieved.... "Garibi Hatao" and "Make in India" Education plays an important role in development of the country. Garibi Hatao by imparting education to all and Make in india by imparting skill and vocational youth of rural and urban area for manufacturing at micro level. Only a literate people can understand his business, trading, enterprises better and may bring some innovation in his work area and may work hard for the development of self andcountry.
1 0 You have been able to inspire many in India to wilfully give up subsidy on LPG as they could do without it. On Independence day please urge those people who progressed in life due to the benefits of reservation to wilfully give up reservation for themselves or their family members so that those who are more deserving and needy can take advantage of reservation and move up in life too. This will lead to a more equitable society.You can even consider publicly honouring such exemlary behaviour.
1 0 Dear Modi sir, I had been requested for giving me a chance for showing of my research against the electric.sir,I was said that I an grow electric without spending any type of fuel.But you did not gave any mind on me. sir, you have been listened the name of ''Maxmel'' the great scientist.he was done something ............. such that, I also can do...................,. I do not want show my research to all over the world.I want keep it "mahpuj".
1 0 Announce online linking project of all govt hospitals, dispensaries. Compulsory Biometic attendance of doctors should be started in govt dispensaries. Doctors are not ready to go remote places. This will lead to go there.
0 0 respected sir ....child labor and its consequences
2 0 modi gi uncle gi app baccho ke liye education se sambandit kuch yojna chalay
1 0 Please make a plan to 1) Plant a tree besides Of highways roads and do the maintenance until 4-5years regularly. 2)Make a rule to plant a trees two sides of agriculture field i.e most on north and south side from this nothing will happen to the seeds. ADVANTAGES:- 1)Irregular fall of rain can be controlled. 2)Our country will get a name as a green country.
0 0 Respected PM, The need of an hour is 'minimum one bank account per household in India'. As, it is prerequisite to initiate 'direct benefit transfer' for all subsidies, food as well as non-food.... Lots of government money is proving as a wastage due to subsidy leakage. On this independence day, please urge our countrymen for this. Like Kerala, all states of India should b 100% financial included. Also, subsidies may b credited in d accounts of female head of the family....
1 0 Dear Prime Minister,I am Currently living in Singapore and working in china,I would like to input some of the laws that are currently followed in the respective nation for sex abuse, India image on world is rapists nation, For any sexual violence and misbehaving with women will lead to canning on the back, this is followed in Singapore and Malaysia. This punishments will lead the people aware on the sexual harassment against and children(Who is not mature enough to under the meaning of sex)
0 0 Prime Minister is always talking about "Garibi Hatao". My suggestion for India to become prosper and develop fast in coming years is "EDUCATION TO ALL" The govt should ensure EDUCATION TO ALL in all parts of the country. Each and every student according to their capabilities and interest should be imparted education and poor should be given free education. The focus should be "Unemployed and educated youth" either in urban or rural area by imparting skill training (vocational).
1 0 Invite brainstorming on cutting down age of juvenile criminal to 12 from 16. The boy who killed Nirbhaya will be free within next 3 months. And there is high possibility that Terrorist groups will send boys below 16 to kill Indians.
0 0 pls pls  we can develop waste lands to agricultural land. pls take some necessary actions sir pls.
0 0 Hon'ble sir ab bolne ka time gya sir ap is bar farmers pr or govt officer ko boliye or please ab kuchh kijiye nhi to ap ki image bahut hi kharab bn rhi hai or sir ek bar image kharab ho Gyi fir ap kuchh v kr lo banegi nhi so please do something for farmers
0 0 Dear Sir, we know that our country is an agricultural country. but nowadays agriculture is destroying and agricultural lands became plots for sale. its getting worse and worse. if it continues there will be a major food issue in future. so pls take some action to reduce converting agricultural land to housing plots. and also pls encourage develop agriculture. while providing susidy pls refer whether it is going to correct persons. And also We can use 100 day work fr developing agriculture too.
0 0 Sir please ab bolne ka time gya ab kisano ka sabra tut rha hai sir please kuchh kroge km se km unse miliye nhi to sir up me to ap k khilaf bahut buri image bn rhi hai kyu ki wha ki state govt koi kam hi nhi kr rhi hm logo k district me to bilkul v nhi yha se ap ki party k 2 mp hai hm ne to apne yha k mp ko dekha v nhi ki kaisa dikhta hai vo ye Hal hai sahab please do something please I am from Jaunpur kuchh kro air
0 0 Dear Modi Sir, Please kindly address to nation for buying only Made In INDIA Products. Because addressing to nation by you, can make the big difference.(Like SWACHCHHA BHARAT ABHIYAAN). And Government should approve some kind of SIGN, for home made products, because lot of peoples out there want to buy home made product but they actually dont know that which product is Indian made..!! And SIGN ll also help to ILLITERATE People to identify. I AM PROUD OF YOU SIR...
0 0 national security and new programmes
0 0 Hon'ble sir is bar 15 August ko ap boliye but sir is bar ap kisano k liye kuchh Kariye km se km ap kahi ka achank daura kijiye sir km se km ap k jane se wha k road or bahut sare kam honge nhi to sir ap ki image ab kharab ho rhi hai farmers k bich me bahut jada Mai ap ka bahut bda fan hu but sir ab mera khud ka bharosa uthta ja rha hai please ab kuchh kijiye jha v ap jayenge wha km se km road to bn jayega please sir ab bolne ka time gya ab krna pdega sir mujhe PTA hai ap kr rhe hain but nhi ho rh
0 0 My views are expressed in the image file.
0 0 i would like to tell you to speak about the great soldiers and the education system of India
0 0 Sir, I would like to suggest that you should speak on EDUCATION POLICY or EDUCATION SYSTEM of India. Thanks
0 1 Dear Sir, my self Farid Khan from chapra , Bihar.i think "secularism" would be a good topic for the August 15th.
0 0 sir my self mohit pradhan
1 0 sir kindly address the problem of millitancy. Can our army in jammu and kashmir not finish this milliatncy in 2-3 months operation by giving them option to join the development of india or face consequences by  killing  all terrorist through a war like operation . if we can end milliantcy in punjab why not in  J&k.sir you have to do something  diffrent as otheriwse people are thinking PM is going the same way UPA govt .
0 1 Dear sir , My self Farid Khan from chapra , Bihar . sir i am a defence  personal. sir I think "secularism" and "investment in market"this would be a good topic for tha august 15th
0 0 So sir as per my previous suggestion i would like every country men should no at cost of how many lives we are staying in the country safely and i request you make that point bigger in the ideas of the people and help them, as from last days i.e from 1 aug to today i see how many times our country men are attending to fight against the invaders.
1 0 Sir, Your mann ki baat program is a strong tool for social change. Independence day speech is even more so. It is my request to you to speak to the countrymen about following- 1. Work culture: today we have psu and pvt firms as employers. They have policies regarding business targets. So the boss tries to put pressure on staff. This creates conflict and stress. It creates negative opinion about each other and spoils inter personal relatn as well as performance. People are wanting to avoid prom
0 0 Sir I would like you  to mention the sacrifices being done by soldiers for our country in Indian Army and in many other departments for the sake of protecting our country. Now a days at this age of 21 i realize that no one is the greatest one than the one who is giving a life itself for the nation. now a days we see people feeding the ideas of growth, fame, assets and jobs by parents to children from the very young age, .... hope you make a special gift for them ,,, still want to convey u more
0 0 SIR I AM A TEACHER ME CHAHTA HU KE AAP SBHE MPS,MLS, OR DC KO NERDESH DE KE WO APNE OFFICE KE LEY PUBLIC TRANSPORT BUS OR TRAIN OR METRO KA USE KRE TAKE DESH KA BHUT SAARA PESA DESH PER KRESCH HO SKE  SIR AAPNE SBHI SCHOOLO ME TOLET TO BENVADE HI PER  LEKEN UNKO SCHOOL KE STAFF USE KE RHI HI BACHOO KE LEYE USE BEDH KER DETE HI 6 HOUR KE DAD VE KHA JEYEGE USKE BARE ME AAP SOCHO
0 0 Dear sir,I'm Chandra from TamilNadu,1'st of all,I like your rules and after you came,we can see many changes in our daily life.As the wish of DR. KALAM, you also trying to make our country a wel-ddeveloped one.From the 69th Independence Day of our Country,I would like point out that,Womens are not fully freedom even in the daytime because of robbery murder,women abuse are getting higher so the punishment should go to highest level as the foriegn cuntries and take action immediately. Thanks
0 0 Respected Sir, You are the voice of India. A single word from your mouth can change the attitude of public. You always trust on banks for social commitments. Being a banker, We always try to fulfil your commitment to public. I request you, please suggest the public to repay the loan on time, thus bank will focus on the social welfare scheme in stead of reducing the NPA portfolio. If NPA loans reduce, It will boost the economy of India. Thanking you.
0 0 Sir, maine aaj aapki speech suni jisme aap engineering ki seat ke bare me bol rahe the. Sir agar engg. ki seat badhti hai to competition kam ho jata hai aur koi bhi admission le leta hai jaisa ki chhattisgarh me hota hai. Aur engineering karne ke bad job bhi nai milte. Chhatisgarh me 60 se jyada engineering colleges hai aur 2 ya 3 college ko alag rakhe to kahi bhi puri tarah facilities aur practical labs nai hai. Yha bahut sare engg. students berojgar hai plants me freshers ke liye job nai hai.
0 0 1. Code of conduct for elected / nominated representatives. They should not be allowed to interfere in every field such as sports; co-operatives etc. 2. Law on damage and destruction of public property. Road blockade and obstruction should be sternly dealt with. 3. Law and legal system should not be allowed to misuse by obstructing the Development of India. 4. Effort should be made to put in order the Financial Discipline.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Shri Modiji, Sadar Nanaskar. My suggestions are following: 1. As an "add-in" to our "Make In India Programme", my suggestion is to motivate the people of India to 'Make In India with Quality". The product made in india should beat the "Best World class quality standards". 2. There should be emphasis on "Best Quality Maintenance Standards" for civil, electrical, mechanical, IT, as present maintenance of public property is very poor. consuming resources labour etc.  Regard
0 0 Dear Sir, Please inspire people to save environment by planting trees, please give new slogan of Green India. Each citizen plants 1 tree that means 125 crore tree. Also attached a screen shot of a facebook page that citizens are trying to inspire fellow citizens to plant trees. Regards
0 0 Modi Sir, my suggestion is that the Government should allot the petrol pumps and gas agencies only to the families of those defence personnel who have given up their life for the service of our nation. Or those who are serving in defence services and have won gallantry awards. This will motivate others to join our defence forces and raise the morale of defence personnel. So far our governments were giving it only to the kith and kin of their ministers. This should change. Regards Anurag Thengdi
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, I am sure that you have already looked at all the best possible ways to procure the latest defence technology for India to be the strongest at the battle field if needed. As we all know that the budget has to be planned for such procurement, may I request you to please appeal to all the citizens to deposit INR 1 per person so that it can be used to buy latest technology. Regards Amit
1 0 PM Mr Modi Sir I do not think u r d right soul 2 ascent d adorable ramparts of Red Fort. Many of ur speeches u uttered BACCHE DESH KE BHAVIS HAI only speeches no action. Priority sector EDUCATION lacked ur attention many capable students able 4 higher education & cn clout incredible growth next generation capable female students r thrown 2 grind between family & tandoor, they r left behind just 4 SAKE PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES PM Mr MODI do u have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA SPEECH
0 0 aapne buzurgo ke liye kya kiya hai? sirf 1500 rupaye mahina kafi hai is umar me? aapki ek awaz desh ko jodti hai ,duniya ko humare desh se jod deti hai.isbaar aisa bhashan dijiye laal kile se ki buzurgo ko apne ghar se alag na rehna pade apno se door na rehna pade.aur unper jaadti karne wale bachho ki akal thikane aajaye vo unke liye kuch kare .buzurgo ne unhe isliye vobsab nahi diya itna sab bachho ke liye isliye nahi kiya ki unke sath unke bachhe budhape me jaadti kare.jitni duaye aapki mataji aapko deti hain ....karoro mataye aapko aashirwad de aapko duaye de. aapne bahut kuch aisa kiya hai Jo kisee ne aajtak nahi kiya ...karke Dekhiye kya pata bahut se ghar sudhar jaye ...toote huye ghar jud paye ...bahut se buzurg sukhi ho paye ... shayad mere thought ye message hai aapko India ke sare buzurgo ki taraf se ........hope Aap kuch unke bare me jaroor kahenge and unke liye jaroor karnge kyoki Aaj bhi humre bado se hi humara wajood hai varna hum kuch bhi nahi hote ............. dhanyawaad ....jai hind
0 0 #PM We need to fulfill the dreams of our freedom fighters. Who fought for our independence without a lot painstaking efforts . One of the common dreams is equality . Even though everyone is equal under the law . But in society many people are prosecuted with superstitions and  old beliefs which are outdated in the Modern India . To achieve that we need to end the sc system and recognition by caste. we should once and for all forget the caste system which binds us to the these old ideas.
0 0 i am boj less
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, Please focus on the peace and tranquility in the area of North East and specially in Assam in your INDEPENDENCE Day speech. Assam remained backword place due to the lacklustre policy of every successive governments. So please take a bold step to tackle the corruption prevailing in the govt of Assam. Hoping a historic announcement regarding the development of Assam.
0 0 BUILDINGS(HOUSES) BUILDERS CAN BUILD MODERN ARICULTURE FARMS ON WASTELANDS AND SELL TO PROSPECTIVE BUYERS. ON THESE FARMS- THERE CAN BE GREEN HOUSES, SOLAR HOUSES,WIND ENERGY SETUPS,WATER COLLECTING SMALL LAKES, FOOD PROCESSING SETUPS, BIOGAS UNITS, COW AND BUFFALO SHEDS . POULTRY FARMS, ALGAE FARMS, ETC.. ETC.THERE IS GOOD DEMAND FOR VERY HIGH QUALITY MILK FOR ORGANIC PRODUCE , ALSO THERE IS GOOD DEMAND.FARMERS COOPERATIVES CAN ALSO BUY THESE DEVELOPED AGRI. INFRASTRUCTURE AND PROVIDE GOOD JOBS
0 0 To boost girl education, why didn't you visit  girls college once in 7 days. You can atleast get the grassroot level information which you can never get until you pay a visit. And then you can update the status on your twitter about that college and students.
0 0 *Need to create many Research & Reusability centers across nation in all form of Sectors with low service cost.  So we can avoid unnecessary dumps & wastages.  *Welcoming "MAKE IN INDIA" products to spread across the entire universe with quality & long term perspective. The World has never seen such a Dynamic Leader - Honorable APJ Abdul Kalam in all form of way. He was one among the Greatest Leader and given back to the society in the 21st century. No doubt his vision and dreams will comes true
0 0 New Education Policy 2015 Block level
0 0 EDUCATION FRAMEWORK NEEDS TO CHANGE COMPLETELY - implement in institution's convert as a syllabus like Corruption, Traffic Regulation, Pollution, Reusability of electronics, Saving Natural Resource, Avoid pollution etc…..*Welcome the Digitalization and that needs to implement in entire State and Central Govt department with deadline dates and needs to publish all the government headed programs.   Please publish hierarchy - head programs; so that the citizen can share their thoughts & complaints.
0 0 The commercialisation of surrogacy has become a major issue. Though it is legal but some steps should be taken to prevent excessive exploitation of poor and illiterate women. for 1 birth, the parents are paying around 8 lakhs, but the surrogate mother gets only 3-4 lakhs and somewhere they were kept in dark and do not paid anything, whereas doctor and agents put all the money in their pocket. this issue also raise the issue of baby selling and buying. please do something Mr. PM
0 0 *Cultivation is the back bone of our country.   We need to encourage the entire citizen and create more cultivation land, storage units across nation to maintain the agriculture products like Grains, Vegetable, Fruits, Wheat, Rice and Milk for Farmers perspective to help them for selling their own product.*Need to create Corruption free circumstance - all form of sectors in the nation.
0 0 Hapyy Independence Day 2015 - *The basic common needs for every human being like Food (Rice, Grains, Wheat), Water, Fruits, Vegetables, Shelter, good roads and Health insurance should be reach each individual with good quality.
0 0 we all know that electricity is a major problem. To solve this there is an urgent need to give more emphasis on solar energy. It is also known that people cannot spend huge amount to buy solar power plant in the first moment. Why are u not taking any instalment kind of scheme for this.
0 0 WALNUT TREES CAN BE ENCOURAGED TO  GROW IN CERTAIN NORTHERN STATES AND NORTH EASTERN STATES- AS WALNUT CONTAINS A TYPE OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACID.LOT OF DEMAND WILL BE THERE FOR WALNUTS AND THE FARMERS WILL GET GOOD RETURN FOR THEIR PRODUCE.
0 0 Respected Sir I and many like me remember your last year speech where you had taken a simple target of toilet in every school . I hope you will show us the positive result. For this year i think you should take the target of "at least one sport in each school". Govt,corporates and civil socities may help in this. This should include all primary and secondary schools. List of sports , both indoor and outdoor games,may be decided from where each school will have to choose at least one.
0 0 U shuld keep your vision about our mtherland very strongly infront of the world. What you want the country to be in a sprcific time. Dscrbing more about what are further plans and not just talking about jandhan, insurance etc. U must quote any popular line of a famos person in such a way that u are guaranting or promising the devlopment of our mother. Also u shuld give a strong message to terrorist that they will not be spared agar kisne aankh utha k bhi dekha to. Hindu mslim unity viraja3@gmail
0 0 Palm oil trees should be encouraged to grow as an acre of palm oil plantation will provide about 10 times the oil from an acre of groundnut crop.The encouragement can be to such lands in the country where PALM TREE MAY GROW NICELY.
0 0 Describe following: Obama, xinping and abe othersas your friend. Say like, india made somegood friends. achievement of ISRO,about 5 UK satelites. Pamper some sate govt and congress too. Use quote jago rakhe na saiya, maar sake na koi. In terrorist related matter. LEVEL Of FDI and FII at highest levels. MOST imp again welcome business men by MAKE in INDIA
0 0 0 CORRUPTION JUST A DREAM?Delhi Electricity Ombudsman full of recruitment scams&corruption with DERC?NO RULES?PROBE
0 0 ONE THIRD in Parliament with Criminal Records ?Zero Corruption& Reforms appear to be 'A DREAM' ! Dirt Politics ?All forgot  Public Welfare !
0 0 Forgive &Forget='LET GO'=act of great soul=MAHA DHAN-TOP DONATION=Godly words of wisdom=Spirituality only panacea !
0 0 Modiji namaskar. It will be of great help, If Railways can reserve 50% of group D trackman job to the poor and downtrodden sections of tribal/dalits of the society and if eligible candidates are not available in required numbers, the eligibility criteria also needs to be revisited considering the required minimum qualification to handle the Job.
0 0 All to focus on World as'ONE SPIRITUAL STATE' as all belong to the same Godly family=SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION! HARMONY!
0 0 Zero Corruption=SC:"Ensure transparency in all appointments"Maximum SCAMS due to Dirt Politics.STOP Pick& Choose.LOKPAL=BABUPAL='YES BOSS' ?
0 0 'PICK & CHOOSE POLICY is on the Top MOST  Agenda of every one today and appointing such top positions without DUE PROCESS OF LAW - AMOUNTS TO CORRUPTION AND ABUSE OF PWER
0 0 Describe following: Obama, xinping and abe othersas your friend. Say like, india made somegood friends. achievement of ISRO,about 5 UK satelites. Pamper some sate govt and congress too. Use quote jago rakhe na saiya, maar sake na koi. In terrorist related matter. LEVEL Of FDI and FII at highest levels. MOST imp again welcome business men by MAKE in INDIA
0 0 Cancel all appointments -NO NOTIFIED STAFF& RR REGULATIONS- BIG SCAM Continues in DERC &Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN
0 0 Consumer Justice and welfare under Electricity laws are all fraud and eye wash just to make mockery favoring discoms.Corruption Full,NO RULES
0 0 DISCRETION' amounts to corruption ,nepotism, favoritism, abuse of power. IDEAL DEMOCRACY:
0 0 Reservations is a blunder that has happened to our education system. Our right to equality, right to equal opportunity is being violated due to the reservations. I would like to ask you that why are reservations provided to these people? When we study in the same class, get equal opportunities,get the same education, then why should some of us just because they belong to a backward cast get a reservation. I would understand this concept completely if reservations are provided to the people who a
0 0 Replace all nuclear bombs&destructive materials with'SPIRITUAL BOMB=PEACE+LOVE
0 0 SPIRITUALITY FOR IDEAL DEMOCRACY&POLITICALTRANSFORMATION:Spirituality magic mantra to cleanDirt Politics Stigma.Be Zero=HERO=SPIRITUAL KINGS
0 0 BUSES WITH BICYCLE HANGERS SHOULD BE RUN . IN TRAINS , A BOGIE SHOULD BE THERE- HAVING BICYLE HANGERS IN A QUARTER OF THE BOGIE.
0 0 work with studies by youth will increase hands in progress of country,will increase sense of similarity towards every proffesion,importance of work at an early stage.
0 0 Congrats!WONDERFUL START OF SPIRITUAL REVOLUTION ON UN YOGA DAY!Focus SUSTAINABLE YOGIC DEVELOPMENT+UN 17 SDGS + PM 4 Revolutions=PROSPERITY!
0 0 Focus on Sustainable Yogic Agriculture http://www.yoickheti.com   for pure,economic & safe food !WHO Recent Discovery:Insecticides cause Cancer
0 0 All to focus on 'SELFLESS SERVICE' to be above all party dirt politics for the welfare of the society?=Be ZERO=HERO=SPIRITUAL KINGS=GODLY !!
0 0 All to learn from this BLACK DAY ?Stop manufacturing all Atom Bombs, nuclear & destructive materials=Call of time to Explode SPIRITUAL BOMB!
0 0 HIDDEN TREASURE AND WONDERFUL MAGIC FOR GODLY CONNECTIONS ! HIDDEN TREASURE AND WONDERFUL MAGIC FOR GODLY CONNECTIONS - GOD BLESS ALL EXCELLENT AND VALUABLE WORDS OF WISDOM THE GLOBAL MANTRA FOR ALL ONE GOD ONE WORLD FAMILY SELF - TRANSFORMATION
0 0 IN ALL FUTURE ROADS CYCLE TRACK SHOULD BE PROVIDED . TAX EXEMPTION BE PROVIDED TO  MARKET PORTABLEAND OTHER LOW WEIGHT CYCLES.
0 0 Sir, we request you to launch this mission of सतर्क भारत सुरक्षित भारत on Independence Day. Let us be independent of world technology to secure ourselves.
0 0 via @speakingtree HIDDEN TREASURE AND WONDERFUL MAGIC FOR GODLY CONNECTION http://bit.ly/1IUaZ5l Rajyoga Meditation magic to be  with God !
0 0 How would India become alert and be more aware with the use of science and technology, with innovation, and be more safe, more secure. Today in the field of Security, technology is mostly imported, even the products are imported. Sir, with India a world leader in IT and almost spearheading in the field in every country.– why can’t we also lead in Security Technology and product design.
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION=Focus elections for governors also on the lines of President of India.NO PICK &CHOOSE POLICY=AVOID  DIRECT POLITICAL APPOINTMENTS
0 0 Sir, inspired by your मन की बात on 26.07.2015, about safety, you also mentioned about alertness and awareness in public so that lives are saved. ‘Alertness, Awareness and knowledge’ is the key for security and safety in any domain. Sir, with excellent initiatives like Digital India, Make in India, स्वच्छ भारत अभियान, we would like to humbly submit and request you to launch a new initiative “Alert India Safe India” – सतर्क भारत सुरक्षित भारत.
0 0 The Best Homage to DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM :ABOLISH DEATH PENALTY.Follow Tripura Assembly Resolution-NO DEATH PENALTY=GOD
0 0 We, the people of India, would like to hear that from 2019 onwards the Election Commission will initiate ONLINE VOTING FACILITY for all  eligible voters.
0 0 U shuld keep your vision about our mtherland very strongly infront of the world. What you want the country to be in a sprcific time. Dscrbing more about what are further plans and not just talking about jandhan, insurance etc. U must quote any popular line of a famos person in such a way that u are guaranting or promising the devlopment of our mother. Also u shuld give a strong message to terrorist that they will not be spared agar kisne aankh utha k bhi dekha to. Hindu mslim unity viraja3@gmail
0 0 Focus on dying people for ZERO hunger,poverty,suicides,pollution,corruption,illiteracy,sins,diseases,terrorism,evils
0 0 Nutritionists  HAVE RECOMMENDED- EATING FIVE TIMES A DAY-FRUITS.NEAR THE GARDEN T.V.s(as described in the earlier post) fruits, fruit juices and other very nutritious foods, e.g. roasted groundnuts, roastedflaxseeds, soybeen sattu, green tea,roti with nutritios onion,nutritious galic chutney, etc.can go along way in improving the health of the people
0 0 Blaming&accusing each other will not serve public.Let not public suffer due to'DIRT POLITICS'.Be SPIRITUAL KINGS=GOD!
0 0 HATE SINS,NOT SINNERS"-MAHATMA BUDDHA. Always remember GOD & DEATH and 'SPIRITUAL LAWS' -do justice to all
0 0 ZERO CORRUPTION, Nepotism, Favoritism,Abuse of Power=MORALITY=IDEAL & MODEL LEADERS =When integrity has been questioned to be away from office for fair and transparent justice
0 0 All to focus on 'SELFLESS SERVICE' to be above all party dirt politics for the welfare of the society?=Be ZERO=HERO=SPIRITUAL KINGS=GODLY !!
0 0 Executive always imposes above judiciary and petitions  disposed totally based on whims & fancies =0 NATURAL JUSTICE
0 0 Focus on Sustainable Yogic Agriculture http://www.yoickheti.com   for pure,economic & safe food !WHO Recent Discovery:Insecticides cause Cancer
0 0 TRANSPARENCY:Appoint onlyJudges on deputation.NO retired or others to be appointed for all quasi-judicial functionaries
0 0 "LORD DENNING:"JUSTICE NOT ONLY DONE BUT APPEARS TO BE DONE.WHEN PUBLIC SAY -JUDGE BIASED,PRINCIPLES…"
0 0 Spirituality is the ultimate panacea to transform lives in all respectrs&death penalty- no real path to 0 terrorism
0 0 JUSTICE NOT ONLY TO BE DONE BUT APPEARS TO BE DONE:fairness& reasonable time to defend after each level rejection ?
0 0 Then Chief Justice of India R.M LODHA :"Work for all 365 days!" Recently,SC set an example  to hear cases in night!
0 0 Focus on Corruption&Recruitment Scams by Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN WITH CORRUPT DERC. No Notified Staff Rules.JAGO -PROBE
0 0 On the same IDEALS,Morality, Humanity : All to take 'SANYAS' at once &  pray to God to forgive for such SINS ! PEACE !Be transparent, fair !
0 0 Time for politicians to learn lessons&transform.Make corruption-free democracy!Zero Criminal Records for M.P.&M.L.A
0 0 Focus World ONE 'Spiritual State' panacea for ZERO TERRORISM as we all belong to one Godly family.Spiritual Bomb! MEHAR BHAI BLOGS on Google
0 0 Prime Minister's call:FOUR Revolutions+Sustainable YOGIC Agriculture Revolution+UN 17 SDGS=PROSPERITY=Golden Age =GODLY INTOXICATION FOR ALL!
0 0 All religious but not yet PEACEFUL stands at 147 position of Global Peace Index&Tops World Hunger Index? SPIRITUAL STATE=Be Spiritual KINGS
1 0 T.V. IS A VERY VERY POWERFUL MEDIUM.LATEST T.V. SCREENS- VERY VERY BIG SCREENS CAN BE INSTALLED BY THE GOVT.IN CITY PARKS AND VILLAGE GARDENS AND THESE CAN BE USED TO EDUCATE THE PEOPLE BY SCREENING ONLY GOOD PROGRAMMES, E.G. KISSAN CHANNEL PROGRAMME, SERIALS WITH POWERFUL MESSAGES,INTRNATIONAL DISCOVERY CHANNEL, NATIONAL GEOGRAFIC CHANNEL, CHANNELS ABOUT GOOD SANSKARS, CHANNENLS ABOUT TEAM WORK,SERIALS ABOUT GREAT PRSONALITIES, ETC.THE T.V. SCREEN SHOULD BE SO GOOD THAT PEOPLE WILL COME.
0 0 DISCRETION' amounts to corruption ,nepotism, favoritism, abuse of power. IDEAL DEMOCRACY
0 0 Consumer Justice and welfare under Electricity laws are all fraud and eye wash just to make mockery favoring discoms.Corruption Full in DERC
0 0 Cancel all appointments -NO NOTIFIED STAFF& RR REGULATIONS- BIG SCAM Continues in DERC &Delhi Electricity OMBUDSMAN
0 0 Jaha gav vaha bhazar. take village make market. purn bharat me abi bi khede ke logo ko weekly Bajar karne ke liye taluke ke gav jana padata he isme garib bag nahi le sakate kuki bhade ke paise n hone ke karan bhade me jo jane vale paise he uska upayog gav me bajar hone fayad hoga. mini farmer ko market gav me milne ke vajah se transport ka paisa bachega aur vapariyo ka sathe bajar kam hoga custemer ko jagah per mal sahte dam me milega vapari n hone ke karan direct mal ka paisa farmer ko milega.
0 0 Make reservations on economic BASIS to all BPL IRRESPECTIVE OF CASTE, CREED OR RELIGION
0 0 Focus on Election and political reforms.Adopt un pattern of ONE family policy in all respects
0 0 PICK & CHOOSE POLICY is on the Top MOST  Agenda of every one today and appointing such top positions without followING LAID DOWN PROCEDURE.NO POLITICAL APPOINTMENTS.
0 0 Zero Corruption=SC:"Ensure transparency in all appointments"Maximum SCAMS due to Dirt Politics.STOP Pick&Choose.LOKPAL=BABUPAL='YES BOSS' ?
0 0 Congrats!The Best Homage to DR.APJ ABDUL KALAM&JUSTICE KRISHNA IYER:STOP DEATH PENALTY:UN,IHRC,NHRCs=FOLLOW TRIPURA  ASSEMBLY
0 0 PM & Delhi CM orders ignored. No Notified Recruitment & Service Rules for staff of Delhi Electricity Ombudsman. DERC adopted 'Pick & Choose Policy' without STAFF RULES, dislodging already working contractual staff for adjusting freshers. ABUSE OF POWER. ENCOURAGING CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM, FAVORITISM.  Kindly Direct DERC to stop at once all  fresh recruitment till RULES NOTIFIED. Supreme Court : " Regularize all  existing contractual staff on comp
0 0 big challenge as Electricity LAWS have not yet fully implemented since 2003  and favoring discoms  ignoring protection of consumers rights. SUPREME COURT :"DON'T MAKE LAWS, IMPLEMENT THEM" 'Electricity Laws are ANTI-CONSUMERS'.Even Electricity( Amendment)Bill,2014 did not taken care for consumers.All full of corruption, nepotism, favoritism and abuse of power. "ALL have become KUMBHKARNA"-SUPREME COURT "INDIA TOPS WORLD HUNGER INDEX & AT 143 POSITION OF GLOBAL PEACE INDEX"
0 0 Sir,we love our country so much..I want my mother and sisters to walk free on road,travel safe and breath secure ..make our motherland a crime free against women sir..please bring very severe acts and death sentence for the people who commits violence on women..hang them to death on roads or shoot them on spot.. Only when the rules and punishments get severe the mistakes will get disappear..take initiative to helplines for women victims of all issues..hope you will modify India sir..please do it
0 0 Uniformity of ELECTRICITY Regulations all overIndia to be followed and applied. Above all , transparency in all appointments to be ensured without any element of discretion and favoritism.Let us focus on SPIRITUALITY .
0 0 The Parliament i.e, Legislature - important organ of the Constitution is bound and constitutionally mandated to make Act, Rules and Regulations but unfortunately this power has been delegated to the discretion of the Executive to make further Rules and Regulations which is totally against democratic norms and unconstitutional. Hopefully, the legislature will now wake up and start exercising their full and absolute power without leaving any discretionary element of further delegation
0 0 All are indulging in CORRUPTION, NEPOTISM, FAVORITISM and not at all concerned with WELFARE OF THE SOCIETY . SUPREME COURT held that all have become KUMBHKARNA . Let us adopt PAPERLESS Governess for greater transparency and accountability i Unconstitutional NJAC as politicians to select Judges. No advocate, executive, politician for judiciary matters. Be fair and transparent. Free JUDICIARY fully.
0 0 Unconstitutional being politicians on judicial & quasi-judicial functionaries selection committees.Destroying NATURAL JUSTICE -Political Masters already made LOKPAL, CVC, CIC ETC. their slaves and caged parrot. Be transparent & follow Natural Justice. -Judiciary to function independently.Politicians having no knowledge of the subject are selecting judicial and all quasi- judicial -ELECTION REFORMS and POLITICAL REFORMS are required to be top most agenda of every one today
0 0 No Contempt of Courts Power . RULE 7 of Electricity Rules, 2005 completely ignored - NO INDEPENDENT MEMBERS APPOINTED ON CONSUMER COURTS even after decade. No notified Recruitment & Service Rules for the offices of Electricity Ombudsman & CGRFs. Direct interference by discoms, executive and regulators. Illegal, irregular and abuse of power to appoint people without notified recruitment &service rules.
0 0 Focus on ELECTION & POLITICAL REFORMS for ZERO Corruption, Nepotism, Favoritism. Abuse of power. One family- One politician only. ADOPT UNITED NATIONS POLICY OF ONENESS IN ALL FIELDS. One party election ticket to one member only of the family with criminal clearance to prevent political corruption, favoritism & nepotism among politicians family and relatives. INTERACTED WITH INDIAN PRIME MINISTER ON 09-01-2015 No Consumer Protection under ELECTRICITY LAWS as the DISCOMS are the Masters
0 0 But we are still slaves. Let us first of all have economy on elections to save poor country. Abolish Political parties.JAGO
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 -Politicians converted JUDICIAL LOKPAL into BABU LOKPAL: another slave & caged parrot -Hunger, poverty, corruption epidemic are the main hazards for sustainable development. -Establish VILLAGE COURTS on the lines of UNDP Project in Bangla Desh. -Adopt Panchayat Elections Pattern for M.P.s & M.L.A.s also. Abolish Political Parties as per our Constitution - Let UN to ensure world as a SPIRITUAL STATE to stop all sins, evils, crimes, killings,hatred among  religions & masses.
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Start a Program to make public aware to donate bodies to be used after death for the benefit of needy to new life: JEEVAN DHAN!
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 People should be taught that if they follow simple traffic rules, the probability of meeting with any accident becomes surprisingly low.
0 0 Sir, 1.Please initiate the health insurance scheme for all citizens on minimum premium amount which should cover the senior citizens more than 80 years also. 2. Please implement the orop pension for defence personnel. 3. Please make every municipal corporations and government departments to ensure participation in swacch bharat abhiyan. municipal corporations to provide links in their website to have option for public to post pics and complaint regarding wastes and tat should be defined and adhere too.
0 0 Please talk on this Sir People should follow Social ethics that help in smooth running of the society. It is consideration by the people for those unspoken norms of society which is to be followed by the people for a better environment of the society. Civic sense is all about having consideration for fellow human beings. It is the behavior between the persons of the society..!!
0 0 Tobacco  product  manufacturers can be encouraged(by giving tax incentives or any other incentive)to diversify their products to the biotechnology industry raw material products or any other product. Similarly the marketiers of tobacco products can be encouraged to diversify their products to packaged dry products like groundnuts, roastedflaxssed products, green tea or any other tea (in thermos flasks),various other dry fruits, some dried fruit products like banana wafers, potato wafers , etc.
0 0 Please do something for  our solders. Fighting for our country is their duty, but what about their safety. They are so much exposed to gun fire. If  crores of rupees can be spent for bullet proof car of one VIP, why not bullet proof buses for solders which carry about 100 soldiers at a time. At least in areas like Kashmir, North East Chattisgardh etc, we can save so many brave lives by this small step.This will be a real 15th august gift for them.
1 0 1. Please announce a scheme for free higher education to  the SINGLE GIRL CHILD. Parents of those girls be given some incentives. 2.A  Special drive for building hostels in cities/metros etc. exclusively for girls be launched where they can safely study.
1 0 His sir ,being a female citizen of the country I want u to speak and take actions on the crimes against women in India.. From birth to death a girl face lot of challenges sometimes beyond her age..female infanticide, honour killing,acid throwing,abduction,gang rape,child marriage and dowry deaths..its few of happenings so prime minister sir wish you will take some acts, helpline for violence against women and bring deserving punishment against those who do it..and make a strict law..thank you ..
0 0 include it in speech.............. say about preamble of indian.  solution of all problem is given in preamble....... if people motivate to create atmosphere of brotherhood then i sure india make words most powerful economy in only 3 year's
1 0 sir i want to say it sir, we celebrate  each and every year independent but actually we are not celebrate our independence because this independent also we have not freedom to do away society and self unemployment  and hungry so u say how can we are independent and sir we pay 14% service  tax for grow our society happiness not for for away happiness so sir please you do something  for youth in short time. thanks
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
0 0 1)Start some schemes which will make promote usage of Solar Energy. We have great potential to harness Solar Energy as all parts of country receive maximum sunshine throughout the year. Solar + Wind has energy has great potential. Distribution Losses are minimized, and distribution infrastructure cost are also minimized. Instead of giving income tax exemptions, start giving exemptions if people purchase Solar devices. 2) Schemes which enhances small irrigation projects;
1 0 Sir, Main chahta hu ki har school ya koi bhi sarkari vibhag ho waha unke liye ye sab compulsory hona chahyie ki wo apne dress me Indian Flag ka tag laga kar rakhe. Jisse desh ka samman or aadar badega. Isi tarah har school ke students unki dress par bhi flag of india ka tag must hona chahyie.Agar sab bhartiya garv se apne seene pe Flag of India ka tag lagayege. Agar aap ye 15Aug ko desh ko bolenge to wo sab pakka isko follow karege.
0 0 Railway officials must had discussions about the recent accident near Harada.They might have discussed about practical feasibility of allowing a pilot engine and bogie or a goods train seconds before the main train.Or they might have discussed about avery advanced technology , which might have been developed. For transportation, everybody is aware thatrailway is the best medium- one of the reason being-only one straight line can be drawn between any 2 points. MORE FUNDS CAN BEALLOCATED FOR R&D.
0 0 PM Sir, kindly launch a scheme which gives incentive towards family planning especially for people in low middle class or BPL. For ex. Govt, going forward for every 1 or max 2 child [Daughter more compared to Son], will pay for education till graduation.Link this program to Aadhar, Jan Dhan Yojna,Having more child will lead to withdrawal of benefits. Nationwide awareness campaign will lead to positive outcome and also help in population control #PM, #IndependenceDay, #15thAugust, #MyGov
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Travelling in Train has become very security concern , particularly in AC coaches.Catering , Cleaning and attendant services had been offloaded to contractors who do not have credentials. Staff deployed by these contractors had no sense of cleanlinesd, behavior and some may be also scrupulous.A proper strict standard and criteria may please be instituted alongwith Railway supervisor in running train for comfortable and secured journey of passengers.
0 0 Sir, please announce launching of a National Health Insurance Policy for economically weaker sections of the society. That insurance policy must also COVER PRE-EXISTING DISEASES. All PSU insurance companies be made responsible for servicing the claims.
0 0 INDIANS are universal people..because of their universal thinking.."all is one..one is all"..because of these thing indians spread in all world countries..there is no doing any other country people like this...because of INDIANS wants ''PEACE OF LIFE''..because of these thing..so many religions, castes, other country peoples ENJOY this countryland..FREEDOM in INDIA equal to SKY..these thing r main reason for who different people living with PEACE in INDIA
0 0 Tree plantation work is in full swing.Very good work being undertaken.All states should organise seminars regarding- which trees to be planted and in which area.Different areas will require different type of trees  depending on different conditions.Fruit trees, e.g. mango, guaha, jamun,coconut,ber, etc. -may be very fruitfull to plant in some areas, but may not be suitable in some other areas.So symposia on tree plantations is a must.Trees have the advantage that very low mentainance is required
0 0 Dear Sir, This is Shailesh Kumar Pandey from Varanasi. Currently associated with Unicef Afghanistan country as communication Consultant under Global Polio Eradication program. As you know that in India we have eliminated Polio but still we are suffering with other death cause disease for the children which can be stopped through good coverage of Routine Immunization. Request,if you appeal the citizen of India during your speech to get their children vaccinated to achieve 100% coverage of RI.
1 0 Continuation sir, Help them to stand on their own legs by means of providing some work.As you have implemented of fitting the cameras on the buses,for the protection of women in Newdelhi.Try to spread this implementation to all the states.Its my request to share,We the girls facing and suffering from perilous situation. Hope that,I might have share my views for our glorious |"INDEPENDENCE DAY". Thank you so much sir,for giving me this wonderful opportunity.
0 0 Dear Sir ask people to maintain civic sense. Civic sense is nothing but social ethics that help in smooth running of the society. It is consideration by the people for those unspoken norms of society which is to be followed by the people for a better environment of the society. Civic sense is all about having consideration for fellow human beings. It is the behavior between the persons of the society.
1 0 Good afternoon sir, I am very grateful to you,sir. Expecting future to be good fortunate to all. There are some problems arising each and every day in a society.In my point of view,i'm seeing so many helpless person in and around the city.Take some steps to help them,sir.Not only that,the society has to be free from poverty.Take this problem as vital in a society.Its mainly seen on public places like bus stand, railway stations outside the temple etc(the message continues)
0 0 Respected sir, if we are not working for a day companies deduct salery...Similarly if MLA is not working in their area,his/her salery should also be deducted.so,sir i want to make a clear stand against those MLA by deducting their salery if he/she is not working in their area properly and also even in LOK SABHA & RAJYA SABHA....where always opponent parties are making nonsense and disturb the working of LOK & RAJYA SABHA..also i want to add 1 more thing that it should also be implemented on C.M.
0 0 Sir, wouldn't it be great to announce Yoga & Meditation room at all Indian Airports.
0 0 Respected PM, Please announce a scheme for free education in PVT Medical college for SC/ST/OBC students who qualified for admissions in MBBS particularly  from rural area. It is very struggling for them to pass plus 2 in medical stream and then hope is shattered when huge payment is asked to pay. One of the state   asked to pay Rs. 5000/-, Rs.2500 fees for appearing in MBBS  PRE ENTRANCE TEST.  It is really painful for poor to pay.
0 0 On 15th August this year, golden period of ancient India should be highlighted and focus should be on making the future and destiny of India like that of ancient period. e.g India should be 7-S in this century by year 2030 i.e.Sampann , Smriddh, Surakshit, Sudradh, Swasth,Shreshtha and Sashakt.
0 0 sir i want to ask one question. There are many navratan companies or public sector companies in india when these companies do their recruitment and selection process they demand for some fees which is mostly more then 500 or 600 for a candidate related to Journal/ OBC (NC) and for SC,ST, FH it is exempted. Sir this is very big discrimination between a normal and category student because if a student is from Journal or OBC but he/she is not financially capable so he/she can not participate.
0 0 Respected PM                    Kindly include following points in your speech on independence day                When will you take concrete steps:-
0 0 Up gradation of Hospitals from rural to urban areas to provide Health for all and  measures for mal-nutrition among rural  children and mothers
0 0 Those private technical Institute should only get the permission to open campuses which have strong Industrial relationships and excellent laboratory facility. The Industry-Institute bondage is very important for quality in Technical education. It must be strongly announced. It can be attached with PM kaushal vikas yojana.
1 0 Sir there is more corruption in India starting from a small government office to the highest level.. We can stop this corruption but we need efficient peoples like you.. One way we can find is the people who have lost their parents and living in ashrams.. We can take these students train them very well and leave them to serve for every corner of India.. It may take time but we can get 1000 of Modi sir in future which can change India as all of ours dreams.. THANKING YOU
0 0 Sir after Dr Kalam, whole nation has a great hope from you. Respond to your inner voice which has every dreams for the country only.
0 0 Sir, Like joining roads we need to work on joining our rivers across the country and make people as a party to this ambitious and difficult task.
0 0 Citizens should be given credit points for sanitation facility at their home. A national program should be launched to credit these points to citizens who will complete the sanitation facility within stipulated time. Likewise govt can also credit such points for BPL childrens for education in school, and BPL homes construction. They can redeem those points as the exemption in govt PDS stores or govt can offer some facilities in reciprocation.
0 0 There must be free premium of crops to avoid loss of farmers due to any natural disasters.
0 0 Sir, we need to motivate our youth to dedicate their knowledge, service as a part of  developed India. Our goal should be on the vision of India 2020 where every youth has an opportunity for education irrespective of case and creed. Can't we have reservations only for economically weaker section and not based on cast. Why a country of more than billions fails to give unique to the world because our IIT and IIM have exemplary students but their knowledge is used by MNC due to higher pay packages.
1 0 A SIMPLE IDEA FOR SPEECH BUT it wil effect youths of all INDIA...this is the key for making the development of india far far better than it is now ,this can only happen when WE GET FREEDOM FROM RESERVATION ,as it is stopping the way of India becoming a superpower,IF reservation continues to steal our RIGHT TO EQUALITY.than after several year we will become the oppressed classes of society ,THan will u give US RESERVATION
0 0 There should be a government portal in which every citizen can see their registration and premium status for Atal pension yojana, PM jivan jyoti yojana and PM bima suraksha yojna. Like aashar card portal, we should have the facility to download it anytime.
0 0 Sir I am a bank manager with 23 years service and paying Income Tax for the last 18 years. I exactly don't know how much I have paid to govt during these yeats except for last couple of years.  My humble suggestion is that why can't the govt think of giving back some amount to those people who paid tax during their service as pension or taking care of them / family for hospital expenditure, etc during their retired life say after the age of 50 or 55.
0 0 Every State should be given the target of certain crop to be produced according to their climate and soil type and State government should encourage the farmers to produce that crop only by giving subsidies in fertilizers, increasing MSPs and bonus on superfluous production per hectare. This will make our country full of every type of food.
0 0 Pm should speak on the plan to interconnect rivers of the country to avoid situation of drought and floods
0 0 sir take a oath that we will make products MADE IN INDIA AND SIR PLZ TELL US ABOUT INDIA MEANS  FULL FORM OF INDIA SO THAT IF SOMEONE ASKED WE WILL TELL HIM THE TRUE FORM OF INDIA .IN MY OPENION ITS FULL FORM IS INDEPENDENT NATION DECLARED IN AUGUST(INDIA)........THNX
0 0 Every state should develop their own railway tracks for Main Tourist points of the state. It will reduce burden on road traffic and will also increase tourism. States should also develop their own railway tracks for freight services and then Indian govt can use these tracks to transport the freights through shortest possible way and center will pay the states in reciprocation.Secondly, Every State should be given the target of certain crop to be produced according to their climate and soil type.
0 0 sir l written in hindi but it is showing only question marks.
0 0 Greetings: 1.Request connecting with Cultural values, e.g. cleanliness, energy from waste, Music, Dance, Fine Arts, practical Economics for students be made mandatory. 2.For example, for each student to learn to play flute and/or dancing be required. 3.This will bring positive energy from students to all homes, will bind society closely 4.This will lead to creation of air of prosperity and happiness. 5.Also,consider raising minimum wages in all segments by a step function. This is freedom
0 0 15 Auguest Todays is Independence Our nation’s  Flag Saffron means sacrifice so today we are promised from now no communal fight will happened from now we all focus  our Country’s prosperous. Vandemataram Jay Hind
0 0 Religion principle depend only self or inner peace pray Temple,Mosque,Chutch,guruduar etc why different religion fight with others. Our Constitution respect all Religion that’s not meaning you doing everything .So now we need to focus we will take action any religion who disturb communal harmony of our nation. First We are Indian/Hindustani Our priority Indian and Courty’s development then after whatever Hindu,Muslim ,Sikh etc
0 0 	who create communal disturbance? 	How to Solved the communal disturbance 	Make Campaign for communal harmony? 	Slogan Add We are Indian first Not Hindu, Not Muslim, Not Sikh first. Be First Indian .For Your mother land why not something can sacrifice some religion system why r u fight? For Nation Prosperous we can sacrifice religion/communal fight.
0 0 Communal Disturbances (Zatibad) Our Revolution father Raja Ram Mohan Roy how to fight that British period against religion !!Why not we are stop this communal disturbance .You told the story of Tiger Power  in Maan Ki Baat (Swami Vivekanada)Same like we have power we can stop stop the communal disturbance .we have to focus some topic
0 0 We miss APJ Abdul Kalam his contributions in Indian depeffence great we can say in the World we are Missile and nuclear powerful.Today we Salute to Abdul Kalam and all the Patriotic People we sacrifice life and given freedom
0 0 Education Objectives Education need implementation from primary after getting education he/she become patriotic .Not government every citizen of our country responsible India’s progress . In higher Education we need to move bright student in Research nowadays Indian’s most of student chooses his/her carrier engineering less in Research. Government given lucrative to student in research as scientist profession.
0 0 In Our road we need to used plastic garbage our road become more strong Please check this video          https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS0_FCBzI_w How to use garbage management and that money will use India’s development.
0 0 That Vehicle sells and utilized the capital in our nation progress and development. When I thought one district has some police station then then one state has Police Station so All our India how many police Station it is huge property. So huge amount of capital destroyed we can take by law implementation our nation Property. Spent the Capital our nation Progress
0 0 Sir, I want to say that in new books for children of school please keep the panchtantra moral stories inside the syllabus, thanking you.
0 0 On Independence day, I request our honourable PM to give commitment on Judicial Reforms. Where there is no justice in society, there cannot be value to the efforts of the individual. Only a secured citizen can contribute to his best to the society. The way defence system is imperative at national level, individual security is also all the more important at all levels of individual activities. Be it women security, financial system security, property rights, child rights, senior citizens rights, patent rights and so on, we need to give protection to constitutional rights. We have plethora of legislations, actually at ground level people do not know their basic rights. But we don't have a system to deliver the intended benefits. Once justice system is strengthened, all statutes get its teeth to curtail all unlawful acts by unscrupulous people.
0 0 How increase our National Property? I see from my Childhood in police station anti-Social Truck /Car vehicle when caught by Police that Vehicle until destroyed whole period kept in Police Station .Why not Government make law and take nation Property.
0 0 1947 15 August we achieved our Independence British left India and given divided India. We need to say every year we need target some objectives and 15 August we will focus How much we achieve our target in one year. This year 2015 august 15 my objectives is 1. Each Indian must have His/hers own House (House ) 2. Un-Employment 3. Communal Disturbances (Zatibad) 4. Road accident 5. Education Objectives 6. Anti-Social/Political Corruption
0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister Very Proud to be an Indian also excited and glade to know when you give invited to me write Independence Day’s your speech .Thanks you so much . Modiji your 2014 Independence speech admirable very much touch my heart in my life you are the best Prime minister till date .
0 0 App hamare Chote chote constable ko SLR ke Jagah par Bhadhiya light weighted Gun kyon nhi dete. unki Adhi takat tou uski weight uthane me khatam ho jati hai..jake foreign country dekh lo chote chote constable ko Badhiya gun milta hai....Jada tar jaan SLR Banduk use karne walo ki hoti hai app BSF chote se chote post wale ko SLR k gagah par badhiya banduk dijiye warna mai samjunga ki app hame bevkoof bana rahe ho...
0 0 ?????? ???????????? ?? ?? ????? ?? ????? ???? ???? ???????? ?? ???? ??? ??, ????? ???????? ?? ????? ???? ???? ???????? ?? ???????? ?? ??? ?? ???, ??????? l
0 0 sir,plz app jitna paisa Bhasan dene me lagate ho,utna paisa agar border cemented home systemetic quarter,cctv camera border alarm hidden bunker  Firing bunkers bullet proof jCkets  Quarter to quarter link secret ways AGAr app itnA apne ARMY BSF K Bare me think kRE TOU BOHOT accha hotA....
0 0 please find attachment.
0 0 Hello , sir todays indias growth is depend upon nature people who r live in india . Sir at program of 15 aug i want to u give speech on the how can india as selfful because in india max material should import . Sir we want to selfful in oil product sir we crudeoil from colbed mithen, shelgase , hydrades thes are the avaulable atvery large in quantity. Sir you spoke also on the farmers problem sir in our country farmer suicide cases are day to day increases so we give him water electricity or val
0 0 Sir, There is not single Government department without corruption & commission agents. Also responsibilities of every Government officer are not defined and displayed in the respective offices. Sir I would like to suggest you to give strict message of corruption free India to Government Employees. Please instruct sensor Board for passing only films which will not violet our youth. Thanks with regards.
0 0 it is necessary to teach people their duties...sbko apne rights to malum h par duties nahi...sabhi logo ko government ke bharose rahne ki adat ho gai h...congress ne humaesha yahi sikhaya h ki sarkar sab karti h jbki congress ne hi kuch nahi kia...or ab jab logo ko kuch karne ke liye bola jata h sab politics karne lag jate h...or agar koi karta bhi h to bs thore dino ke liye...Bharat esa desh ho gaya h jaha logo ki bhalai ke kam bhi unse jabardasti karke karane padte h..
1 0 PM should ask all Indians to be united and should request to come under one flag for the sake of National security. He should not compromise at all against the nation.
0 0 6. Swachh Bharat shreshth Bharat
0 0 Again the same this there should not be any sarcastic remarks on anybody whether he likes or not. He should respect all Chief Ministers of the country whether they are even opposition party. He has to maintain proper protocol so that every Chief Minister should feel proud while they are going to receive PM in their own state. The should be given proper due respect what they deserve as Head of the State Government. They should not be down graded in any condition.
0 0 Dear sir, Please also take revision about the bharat swachata abhiyan as after many days people tends to forget.
0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Ministthe best Prime minister till date .
1947 15 August we achieved our Independence British left India and given divided India. We need to say every year we need target some objectives and 15 August we will focus How much we achieve our
0 0 Today I find that all the political parties are busy in distributing free bees for getting  votes & are forgetting the welfare of the country. They all talk of the rights of people but forget the tell their duties, infact they are afraid of speaking of the duties  of citizen Time has reached to tell the citizens about their duties & asks them to abide the law of nation.
0 0 please come out with some concrete policy to focus on and to promote 'Vishmukt Kheti' i.e. organic farming and to desist farmers from using pesticides and chemical fertilisers.. ... and one more, pl pl do something to ban the (illegal) liqour sale across all and sundry villages.. thousands and thousands of families in the villages are engulfed by alcoholism.
0 0 I would suggest that PM should deliver his speech on  15th Aug in very soberly manner. He should not criticize anybody through national arena. He should avoid criticizing past governments. He should not cut any jokes which ruins prestige of the PM Post. He should take up very vital issues in his speech. National security should be top most agenda in his speech. He should give more attention in the development of the country instead of vote politics. He should treat equal all as Indian.
0 0 HON'BLEPM-GREETING4INDEPENDENCE DAY.OUR IDEAS FOR PM'S SPEECH-01-YOUR FLAGSHIP SCHEME-SWACHH BHARAT-ISN'T DOING WELL IN CAPITAL-DELHI.IN A SURVEY,MYSORE RANKS1,DELHI RANKS-398,NOTHING CAN BE MORE DEPRESSING.DELHI HOME4PRESIDENT,PM.IN REDFORT SPEECH,TIMELIMIT B SET4DELHI TO BECOME1.02DELHI IS MOST POLLUTED-STEPS B TAKEN 2IMPROVE THIS.03SOLAR COOKER B USED BY PM,PRESIDENT,ALL2COOK FOOD4HEALTH,WEALTH,ENV.4-DIGITALINDIA-ALL GOVT STAFF2BECOME COMPUTER LITERATE,4GOOD GOV.5-AGRI B IMPROVED,MORE GROWTH
0 0 Respected Prime minister, I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer.So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.
0 0 pls implement manual scavengers act..... to developed India and save Indians
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.
1 0 Medicine Ind is a Big issue in Modern India. We are world leader in Generic medicine production,but we cant get them for poor Indian. So Govt of India/Deptt of Health Should made compulsory to Register all medicine made at factory/Marketed by Co. at National Medicine Hub(Portal) with Their Name,Salt,Qty,Effect,Sideeffect Price Retail and all other information. Please make compulsory for all medicine producer to Register and List all medicine on National Medicine Hub(AMRIT Kalash)Portal Purposed.
0 0 12.open meditation and peace center in city and villages
0 0 people expect change from u sir so expectation are also high ride on this wave accepted u dont have majority in rajyasabha but i can challenge even if with existing rules if u go positively behind projects pvt or govt or ppp if ur CM & u percieve them positively with good people each project will be implemented in time bound manner only corruption in this system makes this laws harmful have good & positive people for all such projects and see the magic in one year 50 km/day of road making isposi
0 0 Sir,In India IIT is master institution.Government spends lots of money for their education.And also gave ₹12000 per month for each student.but government allows MNC's to recruit them.why not government itself recruit IITians?why don't we use their mastermind for our country.Please don't allow MNC's to recruit IITians.Please use them to build India as stronger nation.
0 0 10. promote use bicycle in education institute and office premises and near by home with in 3 km for reducing pollution and improve health 11.devide the muncipal corporation into parts like waste management dept,water supply dept,plantation dept,tax collection dept,road development,sewage management dept for improving efficiency of muncipal corporation
1 0 Difference between Artificial and Natural Health.
0 0 #15 Aug-- We need to institute organisation where training to all boys to be mandatory in age group of 5-6years and should be considered as part of education
0 0 In daily life we read about rape case.As you already very known about the Delhi rape case,the girl Nirbhaya was brutally raped by some frustrated and unsocial people,and she was died.I just want to ask everyone,is there any mistake of Nirbhaya?Why she had paid for it?And the main social problem is that our society does not accept the girl for her unknown mistake.There is need to change our mentality.I requested you to appeal whole nation to respect girls. #PM #IndependenceDay #15thAugust #MyGov
0 0 Sir as we know the eastern side of country is suffering with devastaion of flood so i think that you should speak on solution to control floods and sir I want you to speak on plan to interconnect the rivers of the country so that there can be equal distribution of water in the country. sir shree atal bihari yajpee also took steps In the same direction
0 0 regarding patriotism i will tell my daughters not to be too much patriotic about india since here patriotism hardly exist only corruption politician all gov dept corrupt is patriotism limited only to middle class people since u have access to judiciary or education only if u have money in ur pocket today if my daughters ask whether to go abroad and settle i will tell them go since there are very few chances this country can improve corruption is in the dna of this country
1 0 Self Reliant Drugless Therapies are very Simple.
0 0 6.make a law regarding senior citizen give one forth part of property from his sons property for minimize the old age home 7. give spiritual ,sports, law, agriculture,ayurveda and naturopathy education and promote hobby of child in school                                  8.open Ayurveda,homeopath,panchkarma and natropathy acupressure,pranic healing center in govt hospital and villages
1 0 Why Self Reliant Drugless Therapies are more Effective ?
2 0 namaste sir my self debashish singh from Chandrapur Maharashtra. mere pas ek idea hai jise apna India bahut age badh sakta hai. Aap ne jaise minister ko bole the village adopt kr ne ke leye. waise he agar India ke sabi NGO ek ek village adopt krte hai to village develop krne mai asani hogi aur village jaldi develop ho sakta hai. mere ye bat aap jarur logo tk pahuchana. thank u sir.
1 0 5 minute Meditation sessions after every period in Schools and colleges may lead to healthy practice for nation. Thank you Ankur Tiwari Assitant Professor Mathematics Itarsi
1 0 Drugless Therapies are Original and not Alternative. Government must Review the same & change in Present Health Policy.
0 0 sir maharashtra marathawada is going to face severe drought word of caution this also means high level of corruption looting of public funds secondly i urge u to tell people that one must use water sparingly to people of maharashtra and urge them to share their water with marathawada region gov should ensure water for drinking is given priority not for industry people should see true effort from government in handling this drought situation than only people will sacrifice with will
1 0 Principles of Self Reliant Therapies are more Scientific and Based on Natural Principles. So Government must study & Promote the same.
0 0 Government spent lakhs of rupees in subsidizing education in Medical, Engineering courses - the student passing these institutions do tend to relocate to foreign countries thus earning handsome amount - such students should pay back the actual fee to there almamater for research etc may reduce brain drain. Also, announce a national pension schema if somebody pays Tax for 10 or more years on time and the pension will be calculated in proportion to tax paid disbursed after 60 year age- jai Hind
1 0 Soul is more Powerful & Important than Body so it should not be Ignored during Treatment.
0 0 Sir,paying tribute to kalam why don't we set a goal to achieve 100% literacy rate in India...please take measures to educate the poor people..All changes starts from children.by educating them we will make good foundation for strong India.today each and every parent wants to educate their children.But their economic status will not permit them to do so.you being an responsible brother,a leader should take some measures to achieve this.sir we hope that u will do this in name of kalam sir.
0 0 Dear Sir, 1) RULES ON ELECTRONIC VOTING:Please make rule for the voter to exercise their rights through MOBILE / INTERNET /E-mails to include larger population as many people are not able to vote due to certain inherent difficulties.
0 0 Sir,after so many years of independence only about 60 percent people vote . For improving it there should be a DNA test or Thumb impression test for identifying the person that he or she is a citizen of India and from anywhere in country or world may be he or she can vote. I think these will take the voting percent to more than 90 percent. We can do this in all India election may be or reverse and develop the system from local to all level and all the elections. Thank you sir
0 0 Sir. Could you please talk about or welcome the newly added 14000 citizens of india due to the land boundary agreement with bangladesh.
0 0 patriotism is patriotism limited only to citizens and army of india since we see total corrupt politicians pan india corrupt police corrupt muncipal corporations whereever we see are total corrupt since our king that is politician is totally corrupt today no one becomes politician for social welfare but to gain see our corporators a basic politician becoming crorepattis only simple ex. why are not u able to control this through income tax or ED thus feeling cheated
1 0 manniya shri narendra modi ji aapko hmari yuva shakti k bare me bolna chaiye hmari yuva shakti  ko bharat me hi avsar milna chiye or uska dhyan apne vikas pr hona chaiye kyo ki agr desh ke yuva ka vikas hoga to bharat ka vikas to khud hi ho jayega. aaj hmare desh ka yuva idhar udhar bhatk gya h aap use samjhaiye k vo apne dimag ko  desh hit me lagaye. or use finicencely help bi milni chaiye. or rojgar se joda jana chaiye. or sir sbse badi dikkat aaj ke time me jaativad h. to plz sir desh k yuva
0 0 Advertisements which are Misleading the Public should be Restricted by the Government.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please find additional points:-- 1)Policy on Electric vehicles :To phase out gasoline vehicles in time bound & phased manner 2)E-rickshaws to be provided and manual rickshaws to be withdrawn , subsidy may be given in this.
0 0 sir we talk of skill development without proper education system in place u expect teachers to work at 8000 or 10000 payscale can we have good teachers in this pay no thus only those choose to join this field who have no option proof teacher eligibility test where hardly 1 percent clear the exam even today no good teacher is willing to join government schools why? and your aided gov schools are such where teachers are selected only if they accept pay given to them ie less than what gov gives
0 0 Magnet Therapy gives better Permanent & Quicker results in many Health Problems. Government must study and Introduce such Drugless Self Reliant Therapy in systems of Treatment.
0 0 Another idea is to how we can stop use of plastic in food industry as it is known that this is causing several type of cancers. Also, we are currently flooded by negative news - media campaigns highlights mostly sensational negative news, this impacting our children and youth, some of the terms like Rape, murder etc has became so common that it is loosing meaning - we should cleanse our media and they should show positive and constrictive news more to build the nation - jai Hind
0 0 Sir, Lagbhag sabhi big cities mai national level ki institutes hai jisse wahan ke students ko apna goal set krne mai mushkil nhi hoti but in small cities yeh national level ki institutes nhi hoti jisse wahan ke students ko apna goal set krna mushkil hota hai. Jaise ki sir ,mai tikamgarh ka hu toh yahan aaj bhi students cat exam,clat exam etc ke bare mai nhi jaante. Sir,mere khayal se small cities mai bhi institution honi chahiye. Ho sake toh mere tikamgarh mai hai. Dhanyabaad sir.
0 0 harassment in preparing family ration card touching the level of human right violation is no less an injurious work than a terrorist ulterior activity.could you please highlight a corrective punishment in your speech.
0 0 sir, iam worried about huge medical bills since medical education is so costly in pvt collegees sir fees of 12 lacs/year and donations ranging from 50 lacs to 1 crore how can we have low medical bills a person retires and has to spend life on pension but single medical bill destroys his life medical insurance is now getting in india but mediclaims are not given since one has bp or sugar etc but medical bills are fat how to adjust this sir no harm if people beat medical staff where is money topay
0 0 Diabetes is curable effectively in Self Reliant Drugless Therapies. Government must study the root cause of the same and implement the various methods for the benefit of the General Public.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, i am impressed by your initiatives of Mann ki Baat as well as your invitation to citizens to suggest issues for your Independence  Day speech on 15th August 2015. i suggest that you reemphasize the issue of Family Planning ,which unfortunately has lost its impetus in last few decades. secondly the issue of blatant misuse of status symbols by VIP's like security cover and red/blue beacons on their vehicles should  be rationalised.
0 0 In daily life we read about rape case.As you already very known about the Delhi rape case,the girl Nirbhaya was brutally raped by some frustrated and unsocial people,and she was died.I just want to ask everyone,is there any mistake of Nirbhaya?Why she had paid for it?And the main social problem is that our society does not accept the girl for her unknown mistake.There is need to change our mentality.I requested you to appeal whole nation to respect girls. #PM #IndependenceDay #15thAugust #MyGov
0 0 1. inspire pepole to plant a tree near by his home or plce like swach bharat mission 2. inspire people and make law to use solar panel for home 3. make kisan societies in villages for food prcossing plant and provide shops in city for sales their products in city and give them sales and mktg knowledge 4. inspire farmer to do organic farming and gou palan 5. make data base of food stock and provide a software to mandi ,holsaler  and food producer to maintain data base for control food price
0 0 The Treatment become much Quicker and Effective by balancing of Five Basic Energy in Sujok. Certain operations are also avoidable by the simple method of Non violent such Drugless Therapy. Health Department must study and promote the same.
0 0 Sir.evry PM speeches to public.. 1 request to u.on this 15aug..u shld say something about MPs and other related persons..Which type of missbahave they r doing. I want to share my daily class incident related to parliament.. One day.my teacher asked a question .some students said the ans is this...some said this... Therefore,In cls made a huge noisy environment... Suddenly.My teacher said KYa Tm Logo Ne Ise Parliament Samjh Rakha Hai.jo Is Tarah behave se behve kr re.cls h ye Ye image h
0 0 sir general category ke students ko sarkari form bharne ke liye 600+ rs. liye jaate hain jabki SC/ST person se 50rs. is bhedbhav ko khatm karen..
0 0 Lastly we must be reminded to smile and have faith.
0 0 Respected Sir, I have an idea. Can you tell all the beggars on the road, that instead of begging for money, they can clean the roads and the government can pay them some money according to the clean work done.. By this, the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan can also progress and the beggars will also earn money... This will help them earn money, motivate them to work and also help our Country be Clean...
0 0 Some more ideas . Youth must be asked to become part of skill India. People should be reminded to maintain cleanliness. Importance of swachch Bharat must be explained at every forum. Policemen should be told that how important their integrity for society. Citizens must be reminded of fundamental duties. And everyone must be asked to respect their fundamental rights. Freedom of expression must be used with responsibility. Importance of traffic sense must be inculcated.
0 0 sir....mera chota moo aur badi baaath......kya hey ki aaj ke education system mein sab ko siksha milthi hey....lekin sankskaar nahi..... mere ko lagtha hey.... bachchonko har dhin yenk ganta sanksar ke shikshan dhen chaahiye...specially ladko ko.... thabi dhesh uper swabhibhan badega....aur dhesh ka unnathi hoga...
0 0 PM should clearly draft a msg to all citizens for no mercy/leniency who states/functions any step/speech which distinguish peoples on religion. any personnel speech against nation reputation should not be tolerated.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please find more points:-- 1)REFORM AND OVERHAUL OF BUREAUCRACY ,we are following age old system of bureaucracy , revisit ,based on the current scenario of safety of people, internal security ,social change ,so that volume of work can be easily and TIMELY DONE with inclusion of more people. 2)DEVELOPMENT OF NORTH EAST :Make separate ministry for each state of North East , there is HUGE opportunity for development of Rail Network,Road Network,industrial ,Skill & culture Development.
0 0 Respected sir You asked for ideas regarding your speech. Let's make it a point to motivate youth to work harder. You often talk about sadhbhawna so you must address problem of family feuds in India. Growing families of India need direction. Problem of road rage must be addressed. People need to be reminded that fighting is not correct. People must be asked to be happy and smile. Why so much tension? People must be told importance of being happy.
0 0 Sir mujhe ye lagta hai jis tarah Kissi Building ke Majbut Nirman ke liye uske neeb ke mazboot hona bahut zaruri hai ussi tarah.Humare desh ka base agriculture hai to aap ke sarkar ko isse badhawa dena hoga o bhi sirf agriculture nahi modern agriculture taki hum kaam se kaam land ka yupyug karke jyada se jyada munaffa karsake.zish tarah aap ne solar energy ko badhawa diya hai ussi tarah green house cultivation aur naye naye machine ke maddat se cultivation aur bhi assan banane kapehelkarnacahiye.
0 0 Respected Sirji We should used the services of retired jawans for the control and disciplined our city traffic. This will be very helpful as well as they will also get good salary & work.
1 0 Sir me Major mukesh kapila as u well aware a jawan of army retired at the age of 35.he has to do some job for balance of his life like security guard in pvt agency. I request u to deployed then as volunteers for the socials schemes introduced by u r govt and pay some wages this not only give them respect and govt will also get +ve result call then from redfort and see the result.this not only provide them respect u r govt will also get a +ve result jai hind 0
0 0 TILL A FINAL DECISION IS TAKEN IN OROP CASE BY THE GOVT AS AN INTERIM MEASURE, ON THIS 15 AUG, AN ADHOC GRANT CAN BE DECLARED FOR THOSE PENSIONERS WHO ARE IN THEIR LAST STAGES OF LIFE, SAY ABOVE 70 YEARS OF AGE AND WHO CANNOT WAIT ANY FURTHER OUTCOME  OF PING- PONG GAME BETWEEN POLITICIANS AND BEUROCRATS. I AM SURE PM WILL GIVE IT A NOD . THANX
0 0 sir 1 app. banani chahiye jisme sari govt. schemes, vacancy job, tips, Help should be included,   state as well as center govt. scheme ke bare me batana chhiye us app me aur sari procedure ke form bhi hone chahiye... thanks sir
0 0 Dear Sir, It will sound great,if you in you Independence Day Speech take time to mention the following points in large public interest. 1. No Work No Pay applicable to all MPs,MLAs in India. 2. All MPs,MLAs to give up subsidies enjoying at public expense.This paves the   way to enable Indians to give up LPG subsidy or any kind of subsidy they are enjoying. 3. Be strict in enforcing SWACHCH BHARAT ABHIYAAN by creating an enforcement body. Thanks
0 0 Sir, with hundreds of discussion forum sites, it is extremely difficult and time consuming to locate and to share our ideas. There should be at least one site where you can give your suggestions with out bothering about looking for appropriate discussion forum site. Many a time, the suggestion I have in mind will not exactly fit in to any of the existing discussion forum sites. Subba Rao
0 0 Dear Sir, Please find more points:-- 1)Empowerment of Village youth by counselling camps / small entrepreneurial workshops / financial assistance so that they don't migrate and make progress in their own village. 2)Make Separate ministry for opening of Schools in all villages and Compulsory education of Girl child. 3)ARMY recruitment Camps for village youth once in three months 4)Common Admission test across INDIA for admissions in 9th standard onwards
0 0 Please tell the people that since Parliament is totally paralyzed, you are unable to bring in new legislation to deliver on the promises that you made to the people at the time of elections. So, you will now focus totally on improving the governance within the existing laws. Now on Governance, governance and governance. Subba Rao
0 0 BHARATH NEER MINARAL WATER FROM INDIAN GOVERNMENT THROUGH PANCHAYAT'S AND MUNICIPALITY'S
0 0 Respected sir, please educate about blood donation, eye donation and organ donation
0 0 Plz give more focus on the (monitoring and evaluation) implementation of ongoing plans and scheme. ...rather than announcing new ones. Further, announce some plan and policies that makes easy for a common man access basic services of govt. Like getting land pattas, birth and death certificate, copy of a police complain, etc..that makes a common man really feel that he got independence and it is the govt. by him,for him, of him.
0 0 Dear PM, This is Vipin Pundir from Faridabad. I am raising this concern related to mother land and the damage to the soil fertility which is resulting into lesser crop yield. #1 - Eucalyptus Tree(safeeda): It soaks all the moisture from deep soil. Generally, Farmer plants this tree on the boundries(4 sides) of his farm to earn some extra money by selling it.
0 0 I thing if some steps are announced towards time frame to all govt services including simplification of land related issues and also simplification of court and police language from urdu to hindi or english. Time frame for all legal cases is also important. Which in any case should not be more than 6 months. As cases in court are pending for years and years.
1 0 My countrymen/women should stop planting it in fertile land/farm land as this is turning the fertile land into barren land. And please have the gov agency(like Krishi Vigyan Kendra) to research to find out the alternate useful tree & ask the country people to plant that useful tree which do not harm the soil fertility and also not affecting the farmers' income. Krishi Vigyan Kendra/farming research agency can suggest some good trees which can be ready for selling in 5 to 10 years.
0 0 You can desubsidize canteen at parliament as all the members may agree this.
1 0 Eucalyptus Tree takes around 12 years to grow as big tree and ready to be sold. This tree is planted everywhere in india and mostly in West UP and Haryana. In history, It came from Europe for planting in muddy land. but now it is damaging soil fertility everywhere and decreasing crop yield due to lack of awareness.
0 0 mY submission for 15 Aug 15,Sir your ex soldiers are on hunger strike, please announce date for implementation of OROP.
1 0 To understand the seriousness of this issue, please see the Rajiv dixit's video. #2 - Digging of old ta-laabs(ponds) which are closed now in the villages and new ta-laabs in villages having no ponds, to maintain the underground water level. This will help in maitaining soil moisture. Please ask countrymen to plant any other useful tree named XYZ(based on research from Krishi Vigyan Kendra/gov agency)
2 0 Sir pls Encourage the use of #BICYCLE...Even Dubai developed roads for cylce riding...why don't encourage people to use cycle...Why to complain on Pollution & Petrol price hike...let us ride cycle
1 0 Sir...Pls Have thanks on ordinary POSTMAN who contribute their best for the development of India.Pls bring schemes for them.Yet a village postman of morethan 25years of service recieve an income <10000.They are suffering alot.#PM #INDEPENDANCE DAY #15THAUGUST#MYGOV
0 0 Mera sujhv ye hai ki jab des ke koi bhag me choti choti ghatna hoti hai to puri des ki media usko dekane me jut jati hai jaise mumbai me thora sa badh ati hai to sari media usko dekhte rahate laken north east ke log sal ke  6 mahine pani me dube rahate hai, sarkar ki niti north east ke logo ke liye clear hai per media hamere des ko age badhane mei 4th part hai islea ham chhte hai ki north east ke problem ko aap media balo se uthane ko kahe.
0 0 Sir Can u propose some mechanism that will enable MP to take efforts to develop their area if not than citizens can register their grivance against them. so that they may be able file their nomination for MP next time.
0 0 Sir the national / public sector bank employees have done a lot for pm jandhan account  opening . sir although IBA signed the memorandum of under standing for bank employees for alternate saturday holiday for psu bank , the appropriate authority has not yet issued any notice  about it. say somethink for the poor bankers.
0 0 please announce implementation of One Rank One Pension for armed force personal.
0 0 films are excellent mean to communicate a message. please encourage film industry to consider propagate government programs for swachh bharat girl education, child vaccination and also about driving safety such as wear helmat,  stay away from mobile headphones while driving 2 wheelers talking on phone while driving etc.. our aim shall be to become zero road  accident nation.
0 0 Dear Sir, I strongly believe India is in safe hands with you at helm. We as a nation want our most important, critical n pressing priorities to be addressed. Would be great if you could call out them and assign priority in order like poverty, unemployment, pollution, river-linking n flood management, agriculture production, smart cities, energy, defence etc. Also assign accountability n success measures to each stakeholder, even beaurocrats n media.Pls share your vision of our country & plan.
0 0 the eastern part of India continues to lag behind in terms of industrial , human and agri development. This is a region where majority of India's population resides. Please announce special tax incentives so that investment in industry gets attracted to impoverished areas like Bihar, Odisha, Jharkhand, East U.P,etc.,otherwise majority of India's population will continue to live in squalor .Investments continue to pour in areas which are already relatively developed . Develop East, develop India.
0 0 Dear Sir, 10. Please lunch 24 hrs. TV channel, Radio, FM, Mobile for free conversation with students with tool free Nos. for any question and discussion as poor meritorious boy are unable to purchase books or teaching. 11. Govt./semi Govt./public sectors/undertakings/ Govt. control organizations have to stop back door policies for recruitment. for example recently SBI have advertise for Specialist offices less than 05 nos. with fees Rs. 600/- So many meritorious boy poor unable to apply
0 0 R/Sir Pl say some on "there was a notable spike in Indians preferring an authoritarian govt ".Your view about America form of govt.Concept of creamy layer in ST$SC category. D K MITTAL
0 0 prime minster g mai koi idea nehi de reha  speech k baar mai......mai ek samaj k baare mai batna chata hu joo ki 200 years se trees aur wild animals ki dekhbal kar reha hai jes samaj ko kese ne nehi pucha hai.....ab tak es samaj k trees k liye kam se kam 513 man and woman ne apne jaan de hai aur wild animals k liye 417 man and woman ne apne jaan de es samaj ka naam hai BISHNOI jo ki only for trees aur wild animals l liye jaan dete hai.......asa koi bhi samaj nehi hai jes ne yeh kiya ho...
0 0 Please do mentioh the valuable contribution of the Indian Gorkhas in the nation building process pre and post independence, Thank You
0 0 PM Modiji desh ke papulatiol badhne ki karan bahut sare samasya ho rehe hai or gender discrimination ki karan beti (female)ratio desh ki andar kam hote jarehe  hai  joki desh keliyee bade challange hai . Usi ke vishayee par 15 August ko PM sir kuch sambodhan karenge to hame khusi milega
0 0 On the independence day can we independent  our army.
0 1 Dear Sir, 6. Govt have to announce 33% Reservation for Woman in each field. 7. During birth of each girl Govt. have to make fix deposits for their future through Banks. 8. Interest on fixed deposits by Govt. should be distribute on SMS for tree plantation. 9. Their should be one card i.e. JAY HIND card to be provided to every people with GPRS facilities about all information all certificates all records can assess any where by Govt.
0 0 A clarion call must be sent for the MARGINALISED in society making them FEEL they also count - voting power or no voting power
0 0 Sir, to make the Swachh bharat mission more vibrant, why don't an environment of competetion among cities is created?Recently the list 0f 476 Indian cities were released by the ministry of UD. Plz ask the citizens to compete with other cities to improve their rank. I think this would definately work. #PM, #IndependenceDay #SwachhBharat
0 0 Sir ham chahte h ki Ap 15agst ko India pak sambandhon k bare me bolen aur hm chahte h ki ap pakistan k bare me apna stand deshvasion ko bataen . Happy independence day. Jai hind
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I am a resident of Ghaziabad city which is constituency of General V K Singh also. I request to you speak about the water logging/drainage problems of cities in rainy season. Urban population prays for not raining due to this problem.
0 0 1.  2010-2020 was declared INNOVATION DECADE. Please announce proactive initiatives and expected target achievements of the new initiatives what the government will do. 2.  Innovation Index for India is at 15th rank compared to those of South Korea, USA, Japan and China 1, 2, 3, 13 respectively.  productivity of a scientist in India is much lower than even our neighbor China, of course much below that of South Korea, USA, Japan. This issue needs your immediate attention.
0 0 Bureaucracy does not even acknowledge emails. Please announce that all emails are duly acknowledged for necessary action.
0 0 sir , your last speech was great and most of which you have acheived like jan dhan yojna , toilets for schools .you may announce OROP for our soldiers .That's my view .Thanks and regards .
