4 0 As there are many gov agencies which keep a check on it. But still there dhould be a government report publicily available about the product on a single platform and all the consumer rights and power of consumer to.exercise them in consumer forum.
3 0 local govt should have single authority to plan execute and be accountable. all state govt departments/ agencies to fall under this authority. Head of this authority should be a elected person and should write the annual report of the department heads of the excuting agencies. Best would be to have elected body in each distict of india and elements of the state govt such as PWD,medical ,education ,police and revenue collection should  be under this elected district Govt.
0 0 Misleading advertisements k liye government ko advertisement act me amendment krna hoga or mislead krne wale Ki bail nahi honi chahiye,news paper me ye advertisement nikale pr ban hona chahiye or fire Kisi tarh Ki news pr local government ko turnt strict action Lena chahiye
1 0 I would like to comment on prevalence of astrology and their false claims. Why in India, when ever they face a problem, they go to Babas instead of Police or Psychologist/ Psychiatrist? There should be a rule to discourage these babas. More number of Psychologist should be promoted. http://qr.ae/diZO6
0 0 by caught the advertisement agencies and do FIR.
2 0 RTI has been advertised by states to give all information to the public. however in MAharashtra state information commission is giving reply in Marathi though the query has been in english. on enquirying about this they reply that there is directive from the chief minister office to reply only in Marathi. This means in Maharastra RTI is only for Marathi speaking public and not for non Marathi's. Therefore the very purpose of the RTI as claimed by both center and states is getting defeated.
2 0 The Government should frequently seek reports from concerned authorities on all anti social activities. Nowadays we see  politicians and higher officials in most of all departments are vastly involved in criminal activities. So there should be a high level monitoring cell with a vision. Safety should be given the first priority all sectors.
1 0 First of all make self defence sports compulsory for all girls and women of any age and from any walk of life. Mind set of people should be changed towards women and it can be done by education only, therefore gov should work towards making India 100% literate.
4 0 Dear Pm Sir Greeting of The Day I want to give one suggestion towards State police. As today FIR is entered in System also. Plz ask states to show that on state Police website also so that Status of FIR can be viewed online also. Currently No online ststus is available for FIR Complains. Also make it valid for many administrative purposes like insuranc claim etc so that unproductive work & time will save for public as well as police also Thanks & Regards
