1 0 Dear Prime Minister, Since u r coming to inaugurate Chandigarh international airport on 11th, I want to appeal you one most important thing.  I am employee there and like to appeal you that while inaugurating the airport please praise and acknowledge the hard work of labour class and basic workers.  They have made this airport by their hard work in hot and cold but they never enjoy the luxurious services over there. And very less employees who are white collars did their duties well to make this airport.  Others are just filling their pockets by such huge project.  I think u sud not come bcos ur government is for poors... or u sud ask airlines to make fares in limit of poors n lower class. 
1 0 can anyone tell me which is da best medium/department/entity or way to complaint for a Central government officer who is corrupt and misbehaved.  i have to complaint for a employee of Airport Authority of India 
0 0 Kindly view revised pdf document 
0 0 Rozghar: Value Yourself. Jobs are no longer for life and knowledge economy killed by web . Oulined: is site like Facebook enabled with public and private with career feeds, professional networking  and plugin local services for learning, Training and HR management. A place to improve skills and earn more 
0 0 आजीविका केन्द्रों के लिए निम्न सुझाव है- क. भौगोलिक क्षेत्र: इसकी स्थापना हर पंचायत स्तर पर की जानी चाहिए| इसमें युवाओं को विभिन्न कौशलों यथा कंप्यूटर, टाईपिंग, इन्टरनेट, खेल-कूद, टी.वी व् मोबाईल मरम्मत, कृषि-कार्य आदि पर विशेष रूप से ध्यान दिया जाना चाहिए। ख. कार्यान्वयन संस्था: आजीविका केंद्र मान्यताप्राप्त शैक्षणिक संस्थान (स्कूल, कॉलेज, विश्वविद्यालय इत्यादि) के द्वारा हीं संचालित किया जाना चाहिए। ग. प्रदान की जाने वाली सेवाएं: आजीविका केन्द्रों पर बेरोजगारों का पंजीकरण, नियोक्ता पंजीकरण और 
1 0 Dear Sir, Please find attached a concept note on National Career Services. Thanks, Ankush Singh PMRDF, Meghalaya 
1 0 A great initiative. Congratulations and best wishes to the Government for taking this innovative and ambitious project. If implemented properly this project will not only help the youths and society but also proper and optimum utilisation of immense human potential of our country. Can become a good source of revenue for the Government too. Looking forward to early launch of the project with lot of excitement.... best wishes 
0 0 Thanks for the Opportunity to realize the power of sharing knowledge! I am a Professor and I am Always Open Up for Teaming Up on Open Challenges in Big Data Analytics!I have Practiced a Couple of Projects  in Kaggle, An Australian Data Mining Company Which is into Crowd Sourcing solutions for Big Data ! I had a try Hotel Booking Prediction Challenge as well as Twitter Sentiment Analysis! Any One from Industry ready to team up with me for Consultancy Projects!  Mail me at stanfordssk@gmail.com 
2 0 Thank you sir for this opportunity. I am a software developer by profession and like doing open source development in my free time. I have been thinking on such a open to all system for a long time. Its great that our government is engaging its citizen in solving such complex problems. I have attached a pdf file with my suggestions. I hope it serves your purpose. 
0 0 Sir education ki trf dhyan do!! Hmare schools mei ajkl kya ho rha hai, hm contract pr depend ho gye, contract wale log aadhi salary pr kaam krte h, jb whi log mn se khush nhi ho payenge to wo bacho ko dil se kaise pdhaye!!! Unko mn ki shakti ki jrurat hai unko bhi usi trh ki suvidha mile jo 1 permanent karmi ko milti hai!! Shikha hr desh ki jaan h aise hi mere bharat ko bhi shiksha hi devlp kr skti h!! Hme iss aur dhyan dena hoga schools ki halat bahut khrab hoti ja rhi h 6 to 8 bacho ko pass na 
0 0 Title:- Crowdsourcing of ideas for proposed Career Centres 
0 0 Title: YEP (Youth Employment Portal) Tagline: Deshasya Yuvashaktihi Pradhanam, Yuvashktehe Udyogam Pradhanam (For A Country Youth Are Important, For Youth Employment Is Important) Please find the full details of the Project in the attached PDF. 
0 0 Title: "Adarsh Aazeevika Kendras" Tagline: transforming dreams into actions! IN Hindi Title: आदर्श आजीविका केन्द्रों Tagline: सपनो को हकीकत में बदलना ! I, enclosed the focusing areas in the proposed Career Centres/Adarsh Aazeevika Kendras in the Urban as well as rural areas."Adarsh Aazeevika Kendras can be broadly categorized into Adarsh Sahari Aazeevika Kendras in urban areas and Adarsh Grameena Aazeevika kendras in rural areas. 
0 0 They can guide the person whoever comes to choose according to their skill, education and interest. 
1 0 There should be a centre where they can guide about all the available jobs in India or self business. Career cluster book can be created. Like, Education department means not only teachers , professor, there also Principal , Other school / college staffs works is there. Similaly in hospital , not only Doctors, other staffs are there starting from cleaner to Manager. So all the department career cluster book can be reference for the counselor who sits in the centre. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Greetings from Rehab India Foundation Rehab is a non profit organisation established in 2008, with head quarters in Delhi. We have prepared a well planned project proposal for the career centres as per your request. Please see the attached file to see the project proposal for the same. Hope your will like it. Thanks and Regards, Muhammed Jabir M M Project Manager Rehab India Foudation New Delhi Mob: 09560754557 Email Id: jabirpeta@gmail.com 
0 0 कैरियर सेंटर का विस्तार बहुत जरुरी है और इसको हम और हमारी सरकार के माध्यम से बहुत अच्छे से चलाया जा सकता है क्यों कि आज भी रूरल में रहने बाले लड़के वही के वही है क्यों कि उनको सही समय पर सही सलाह और कैरियर के लिए मूल भूत जानकारी नही मिलती है अगर हम ऐसे सेंटर खोले जससे उनको सही जानकारी के साथ साथ नई रोजगार शिक्षा भी मिले आज देश में प्रतिभाओ की कमी नही है कमी है तो सिर्फ सही टाइम पर आज की पीढ़ी को सही दिशा देना और उनको उनके हुनर में डालना 
0 0 namaskar modiji,networking ke bare maie socho {MIM} 
0 0 Dear Modi ji, NAMASKAR, WE SEEK YOUR BLESSINGS ALWAYS. Attached please find the idea. Hope you will like it Regards, ABhishek Jain 0937037003 
0 0 An Idea to use Cloud Storage to select and pursue a Career The internet enabled enhanced communication. But the vast amount of storage on Cloud has provided a tremendous opportunity for information to be communicated to anyone with a basic internet connection at all times and in all places. This feature can be used to address a couple of social issues that need addressing if India is to really utilise its “demographic dividend”. More details attached 
0 0 Objective:  “To Help Youth to Realize their Aspirations” Youth have aspirations but there are no credible institutions to help them talk or discuss their issues. Youth also need assistance to understand their real needs and strengths and build their life around these. There are many “Market players” who drive youth to achieve their company goals rather than what an Youth want. Yuva Poshak would become the answer for this issue ... more details in the concept note 
0 0 Step 1 - Create Zones (East,West,North,South) then subdivide zones in to minimum 10 centres Step 2 - Use poll data, demographic data and census data from above zones and identify the level of education and awareness, skills and ability along with what training or support required, local recognised NGOs, schools/colleges can be involved in this Step 3 - be flexible with centres, close and open it wherever needed and involve media for constant support and gaining mass ideas 
0 0 The Career Centre Should be named "Local Employment Assistance Program (LEAP). LEAP will help taking a another leap into the student career. the tag line should be "Leap ka Samadhan , Ab naukri pana hoga aasan". Attached is the detailed suggestion. Thanks 
0 0 My suggestions for career center initiative. 
1 0 The career centre needs to work in tandem with the industry and not merely be another institution. The career centre needs to discuss with the local industrial houses on their requirements and run courses accordingly, If skilled manpower is available locally as per the need and requirement of local industry then it creates a win win situation for all. There will be social upliftment of geographical area, no migration, job opportunities for youth of the local area. 
0 0 Sir, The suggestion may be initiated at the village/district level. If effective, it may be extended to the national level. 
0 0 The challenge is that the career centres should be able to come to the rescue of those in the informal sector like electricians, carpenters, etc. They don't have access to proper mechanisms which can help them in commanding good salaries or fees. I have attached a pdf file which endeavors to provide some solutions to this challenge based on market dynamics. 
0 0 a. Branding of Career Centres:    Name : Pathway for youth tagline : Blooming choice with voice 
0 0 A self review of past hundred days may kindly be published to enthuse nation, preferably category wise. 
0 0 #Career Centre , how the private training sector works , business model. Training is high growth area, revenue from training fees and commission from recruiters. Here govt will pay training fees in low skill and high attrition area, High skill demand area recruiters can pay training fees ( at least part) .this corpus can be used for sustained training. 
0 0 Attached PDF file has the details 
0 0 # career centre -standard evaluation and certification.job portal to match and map skill gaps.private player can take paid candidate .there is mixed groups for better cross learning. Link to Aadhar ,messaging services to inform about training and placement. 
0 0 # career centre  flexibility of programmes is the key .full time,evening Progm,weekend Progm to address need of underemployed youth. Programme should be modular like basic skills, soft skills and different levels of skills , technical and non technical. Classroom and lab / computer lab. Counselling centre for career guidance . Sustainability- private partner should get long term contract 3-5 years. Private partner will develop infrastructure .trained and certified faculty,standard content. 
0 0 Skill development Trg is urgent need to channelise youth energy and reap demographic dividend. My suggestion are for skill Dev Trg for unemployed and underemployed youth. The career centre has to be universal in terms of its branding, look and feel and content. # Career centre may be names as "YES  centre "  ( Youth empowerment and skill centre). It's young,trendy. It should be in schools and polytechnics, which is socially neutral places. Career centre can be operated from two class rooms. 
0 0 #CareerCentre   Dear Sir, please find the enclosed file. I suggested some points to start career centres for our government school and colleges. I hope some of its part at least would work to make our dream come true. 
0 0 Dear Sir, please find the enclosed file. I suggested some points to start career centers for our government school and colleges. I hope some of its part at least would work to make our dream come true. yours truely.... 
0 0 WITH THE HELP OF RESTRUCTURING OF POST OFFICE OR DAK VIBHAG IN EACH STATE WE CAN CREATE JOB AS WELL AS BUSSINESS FOR YOUTH BY PROVIDING AGENCY OR FRANCHISEE TO PEOPLE.BECAUSE WHEN PRIVATE CURRIER COMPANY EARN THEN WHY GOVT. SECTOR NOT EARN WHEREEVER IN EACH SMALL/RURAL AREA GOVT. ESTABLIMENT (POST OFFICE) IS AVAILABLE. BUT THIS FACILITY NOT AVAILABLE WITH PRIVATE. ALSO WITH THIS WE CAN START MORE SERVICES LIKE DIGITAL INDIA AT EACH VILLAGE. LIKE KIYOSK WITH SAME ESTABLISHMENT. 
0 0 Career points should be set up every district level of state or territory  for enhancing carrier building of the youth boys & girls . Students are getting bookish knowledge after that creating Unemployment problem. Some of the states presently not getting proper advise thus carrier points can guide them correctly.  Carrier points should be form  by  locally not by ruling govt. 
0 0 The government should incentivise private colleges and schools to allow usage of their premises to discharge career centric training in the evenings. This will not only signicantly reduce the cost of setting up and scaling initiatives in this sector but also raise accountability of educational institutions towards the society. Further this will also enable young educated Indians to get alligned with such initiatives on a volunteer basis. 
0 0 आपके इस अभिनव प्रयोग पर बहुत सारी बधाई एवं शुभकामनाएं ! 
0 0 The career centers, should focus on having people who come from the industry and part their experiences, only then the participants are benefited with real world experience rather than the usual bookish stuff which is quite common. Make it a rule that every professional spends 30 mandatory hours per year at career centers, a carrot and stick policy does work well. Link this time spent towards career development to their own skills upgradation. 
0 0 All High schools/Junior colleges with 11th and 12th education and degree colleges (both government and private) should have a career center. Job providers shall provide the list of various job profiles in their organization. This should be categorized based on job function and skill required. All senior students should be provided with analytic data on skills required for jobs they wish to do and suggest relevant courses. Job providers need not bother about background verification. 
0 0 career centers focus should be more on small towns and grooming should be at age of 14 so that teenagers should know from the beginning which path to be take. hume 20-22 saal umar tak pata nahi hota ki kya karein 
1 0 Proposed Career Centres should be started at District Level. Functions of the centre will be 1) to find available career opportunities (Education, Medicines, Business, Industries etc.) 2) to recognise skills which are required for joining these careers 3) link up with existing employment exchange centre to get list of eligible candidates 4) to provide them with required communication and trade skill 5) to place them in various organisations. Unemployed youths should be allowed to run the centre. 
0 0 Respected sir, you are a symbol of resurgent vibrent and strong india who has given due importance to hands on knowledge. aviation security world over is a specialised subject but in our country senior officials in Bureau of civil aviation security come on deputation most of them without any domain knowledge qualification and specific past experience .Bureau of civil aviation security cadre officials have no chance of any future promotional avenue in higher posts. requested in public interest 
0 0 Really interesting and Innovative idea. This work can be considered!!!! 
1 0 s all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
1 0 Entrance to these institutes should be made subject to certain qualification and more so conferment of WSQ certificates/diplomas, etc., should be made subject to rigorous test/examination and exams/test should be conducted by third . Big corporate houses (like Ambani’s, Tatas, Godrej, etc.) can be asked to operate NCC /NCCE/NCI as part of their CSR programmes, where the people from low income group can be  subsidized. 
0 0 The Centres should be operated only by pioneer institutions in the area. From the very beginning of the scheme the criteria should be all NCC /NCCE/NCI should be very stringent. To be eligible for  NCC status, the Centre must demonstrate the ability to achieve outcomes, ensure organisation excellence and provide quality Workforce Skill Qualification (WSQ) programmes and services. 
0 0 	Enterprise Training Support (ETS) - One can benefit from better training opportunities, structured career progression and enjoy fair wages tied to industry standards under this scheme. 	Workfare Training Support (WTS) Scheme - Funding support to help workers improve their skills through training. For eligible workers, Workfare Training Support (WTS) Scheme should get attractive funding support for skills training 
0 0 	Productivity Initiatives in Services & Manufacturing (PRISM)  - Managers and supervisors can become effective productivity champions by picking up tools to help their companies improve productivity and their staff to become a more productive workforce through courses and training offered under PRISM. 
0 0 Following schemes can be made part of Skill Development Programmes: 	Skills Training for Excellence Programme (STEP) -  Whether you are an entry-level or mid-level manager, or senior-level executive, STEP can help you remain competitive and employable in today's fast-changing market. One can develop his/her skills and gain key insights into the latest industry trends via subsidised programmes under STEP.  
0 0 q.	Employability Skills (Workplace Literacy and Numeracy Skills) r.	Occupational Hygiene Professionals s.	Security t.	Early Childhood Care & Education u.	Retail v.	Media w.	Logistics x.	Environment Technology y.	Pharmaceutical / Biologics z.	Social Service Institute - Community and Social Services aa.	Textile & Fashion bb.	Tourism Management & Attractions cc.	Education – Enhanching skills and qualities of teachers 
0 0 Following can be Sectoral Thrust – a.	Animation b.	Aerospace c.	Hotel & Accommodation d.	Food & Beverage e.	Construction & Real Estate Management & Maintenance Industry (REMMI) f.	Workplace Safety & Health g.	Service Excellence h.	Landscape i.	Games j.	Electronic Industries Training Center - Generic Manufacturing k.	Design l.	Healthcare Support m.	Senior Services n.	Engineering Services o.	Information & Communications Technology p.	Precision Engineering 
0 0 Tag Line Suggestions – 1.  “Learning for Quality Life” -	2. “Learning for Life Advancement” 
0 0 The brand of the institution is more valuable when the quality is supreme and that there should be no compromise on the output promised to the expectation of the people. The name of the agency implementing the mission can be “Career Development Agency/CDA  or National Workforce Skill Development Agency”. Institutes/Training Centres can be named on lines  of “National Career Centres”, “National Centre of Continuing Education/NCCE, National Career Institutes (NCIs), etc.” 
1 0 Branding of Career Centres: A name and tagline communicating the objectives with particular focus on provision of employment and counselling related services to the youth of the country. Suggestion – The name of the institute should reflect the vision, dedication and branding of national and global importance of the institute. One very important thing about building a  brand is “Exclusiveness within reach” and “Quality”. Privileged things are more valuable 
0 0 there is need for virutual skill development centre for certain skills. 1. advanced software skills 2. sales 3.employable /servicing of appliances need for removal of entry qualifications. anyone who is enthusiatic need to be allowed to get trained. 
0 0 there are many areas where we as Indian can focus and if Gov work on right direction, lots of job can be created. we have young power and whole world is looking towards us with hope. 1. Teacher where i think Gov is already working 2. Indian Foods are very famous in world, Gov should take some initiative to increase job in this field. we should develop an institute where all Indian can be trained in cooking. 
0 0 It should have a seperate panel which act as a temporary job provider for small job seekers like plumber,electrician those who have skill but not customers.They should register their name and number in that panel and tell that in what they are expert then any customer need any service will call in panel and they can provide them mobile number of registered person. 
1 0 BRAND NAME OF CAREER CENTRE- UDYAMI BHARAT TAGLINE- AB HAR PRATIBHA KO MILEGA ROZGAR 
0 0 Sikhsha ko bhetor banaya jay, taki jo accha Sikhsha payega usko ajibika career pane ke liye koi muskil nehi honge, bisesh kor mahila or bicolang ko acchi sikhsha ki subida ki jay Qki jis ghor me mahila sikhsit hogi uss ghor me Sobi sikhsit hogi or Sobi apne career acchi tora bona sakenge. ... jai hind 
0 0 At last one has to do a job or run a business with required education along with necessary certifications.If the government is really serious to build a career centre then it should start from 10th standard with compulsory internship in the industries. Unemployment is not due to shortage of skills but due to lack of jobs in the organized sectors. Unorganized sectors should be transform into organized sectors.All school teachers or college professors should provide & help in career planning. 
0 0 lets market our history to this modern world ! It will give employment ! 
0 0 Lets Build Brilliants Bharath. Vijayalakshmi 
0 0 There is a trade of ayurveda therapist which requires a good number of man power at the growing national and international demand. the tragedy is that there is no state and guidance by the bodies for private sectors to take up the skill education and provide empowerment to few of the millions. 
0 0 The name can be "Bharat Next".The tagline can be "Let's build India together." The inherent talent and strength of each individual to be assessed and given skill-based training. Employers to contribute a % of profit to Bharat Next Career Fund.Job seekers also can contribute a part of salary for upgrading their skills.The center should have a world-class skills training infrastructure. Changes in law to be made to procure a % of hardware/electronics etc from Indian manufacturers only. 
0 0 #SkillDevelopment We are seeing a boom in Retail and more so in the e-commerce domain and there is lot of demand for skilled workforce to work at different levels in this area. Whereas the trainings are there for people managing operations, I don't see the courses for the ones who do work ie. course for Delivery boy, a warehouse worker, a packer, a loader. To me these are opportunities where we can establish Skill development centers in village to tap talent for the growing demand in cities 
0 0 An administrative service to manage temples and other places of worship - covering planning, architecture, hygiene, crowd management, infra management can be instituted.  We have tens of thousands of large temples not properly managed.  Having this will provide better service at our temples and promote pilgrimage, tourism etc. 
0 0 Landscape architecture and allied professions such as landscape maintenance and implementation look after the design and management of outdoor environment where man has a footprint.Restoration of degraded ecosystems in mining, infrastructure, river and lake ecosystems, urban design and community ecosystems employ these professionals worldwide. south Korea alone has 4000 graduates each year. India has around 60 postgraduates.It is worth 2 billion US dollars annually in the USA alone. 
0 0 My ideas submitted in a PDF. 
0 0 For ex: A sports teacher can be hired in a kids based NGO from another NGO focussed on sports, similarly a communication expert from that kids based NGO can be hired in a sports based NGO. This will not only give employment to people but will also give holistic view to the individuals 
0 0 I think the only way to get the best out of any centre is by making it a sustainable entity. There should be a pilot test done for it.I suggest government to start with NGOs. There are NGOs in different categories. For ex: One NGO is focussed on imparting sports related training, while other is focussed on education. Every NGO needs manpower which is hired from outside. Rather than hiring from outside, NGOs should hire resources from each other based on the skill set 
0 0 nder Services to be offered, Job matching should also include automatic alert services. This will help the job seeker to define his qualification and job requirements. The app should send alerts to his/her email on potential job opportunities that mathces his requirements automatically and periodically. This will keep the job seeker motivated and also exposes the opprotunities to all who are specifically looking for the same. Like (0) Dislike (0) reply स्पैम की रिपोर्ट करें Share 
0 0 Under Services to be offered, Job matching should also include automatic alert services. This will help the job seeker to define his qualification and job requirements. The app should send alerts to his/her email on potential job opportunities that mathces his requirements automatically and periodically. This will keep the job seeker motivated and also exposes the opprotunities to all who are specifically looking for the same. 
0 0 TAG-LINE for career center: "NIRVAAH SE NIRMAAN TAK" "AAPKI NIYUKTI, DESH KI TARAKKI" "AAPKA VIBHAG, DESH KA VIKASH" 
0 0 One most important thing is giving training for 1week or 2 weeks wont make them professional. No person from related field with hands on experience will come and give training. As per our curriculum, most important is classroom teaching not the field experience. Until the changes are made curriculum to have field / industry experience, it is not possible to achieve the full objective of this program. 
0 0 Dear Sir ! Very good evening There is a lot of center for this like SSC, IBPS, UPSC etc. but the problem is- There is no collaboration of academic courses and professions. A student get his/her degree and then search the job. Make the academic courses with full of training/practical events so that we found skilled persons after academic. For the career center, make only one center (with different sectors) for all the career and posed total responsibility(including corruption in appointment). 
0 0 Training & education facilty should be provide free of cost to all beggers & slum peoples, Govt should take step towards the education & employment opportunity for beggers & slum peoples. this activity reduces unemployment & will improve the standard of living of the people & it will help to develope the economy. 
0 0 Name & Tagline : " Udyog Saathi " sabka sahayog sabko udyog 
0 0 Name and tagline :Niyukti-Apki pehchaan ,Apki Shakti Career centers should also benefit the orphans in orphanages,street beggars,handicapped. Network of career counselors can also be formed at Industries/MNCs/ as experienced people can effectively counsel .This can be done in person, via mails,over telephone etc. 
0 0 Career centres should be such that they inform the registered people what to do in order to get employment.For example for an electronics & communication student(engineer) they should provide training in Embedded system,VLSI,etc. by top experts from industry.   #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov 
1 0 I wanted to share two ideas one on Reservation Policy and Another on Competencies If some one asks me to deliberate more on these ideas, I shall do so. People can reach me @ vn1980ca@outlook.com VN 
0 0 if any problem to any person related with embroidery punching they ask me any question to me.mob-+91-98151-18827,email-vikkyinfotech@gmail.com 
0 0 Each Talukas and Districts Village & City should have at least 1 Career Centre each. These Career Centre should provide details on all Jobs/Skill Development related information and how to go for it, including Farming/Government & Private and Independent Career Job details. These Career Centre should have dedicated Professional Career Guides. Job details and Job/Request status should be available online & tracking of job details should be done online. 
0 0 The document is very clever with all those 6models.... 
0 0 really great work to help people in our nation 
0 0 nice idea , for revenue based model to maintain the unemployment..... 
0 0 இந்த அருமையான இனைதளத்தை ஏற்படுத்தியதுக்கு நன்றி........ இன்றைய கால கட்டத்தில் வெளிநாட்டு நிறுவனங்கள் ஆரம்பித்து கொண்டே இருகின்றார்கள்.ஏன் நம்மால் அது மாதிரி நிறுவங்கள் ஏற்படுத்த முடியவில்லை.ஏன் பல பணம் பலம் உள்ளவர்களுக்கு லோன் வழங்கப்படுகின்றது.பணம் இல்லாத திறமை சாலிகளுக்கு குடுக்க மறுக்கின்றது.... இப்படிக்கு, வாய்ப்பு வழங்கப்படாத தோழன். வந்தே மாதரம்..... 
0 0 Many youth are ready to fight against corruption, give them a job like special inspectors ( may be permenant or temporary) who should enter the govt offices like common people and identify the corruption happening in each departments, Like Hospitals, Police stations, taluk offices and other public services offices. 
0 0 This idea will trigger lot of awareness in youths. Specially, In rural areas. I am from rural area. Youth in rural areas have caliber. But the main problem is career awareness and guidance. With the help of Career Centres, we can give guidance and roadmap to youth in rural areas. #CareerCentre,#NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov 
0 0 This idea may bridge the gap between  prospective employers and  job seekers (whether they are a student or a seasoned expert). Maintaining digitalized and centralized human resource database through this integrated application will be reliable from employer perspective since it has Bio-metric verification. Thus it has been covering most of the essential element of good application for employment exchange system, it deserves to get selected. 
0 0 MY NAME IS VISHAL,I LIVED IN PUNJAB,I PASSED MY GRADUATION & I WORKING WITH A COMPANY AS ACCOUNTANT FOR LAST SIX YEARS IN MANDI GOBINDGARH. I TRY TOO MUCH FOR A GOVERNMENT JOB BUT THE RESULT IS NOTHING, CAN YOU HELP ME TO FIND GOV JOB, WITH A GOOD SALARY, PLEASE PROVIDE ME ANY SUGGECTION OR JOB GUIDENESS IN GOV SECTOR FOR MY CARRIERS, THANKS, VISHAL KUMAR #HOUSE NO 88, WARD NO 27 BRAHMPURI MOHALLA NEAR LALHAERI ROAD KHANNA (PUNJAB) PIN: - 141401 PH: 9780056109 VISHALVERMA014@GMAIL.COM 
0 0 I am ready to contribute as a teacher and learner in whichever capasity it will be usefull.Carrer centers must provide carrier direction also for participants which must be inline with national objective. It shuold be employment exchange.It should create skiled workforce which will find relavant opportunities in outside world. 
0 0 Career centers must be focused on Skill development.Where even educated people can also come and sharpen their skills.These can be started in Schools and colleges once their cources are over in day time.Experts from diffrent trades/area of life should be invited to teach.Startups should encourage to take skiled people from such carrer centers.Carrer centers should also look to encourage local entrerperinual skills amoung its participants. 
0 0 Career and recruitment should be two separate issue, Career planing should be inculcate in school level this may include school level programme to show roles in various career by people from all streams of society . How to achieve the career and skil and mindset to targeted career. 
0 0 I have started my working career as an Electronics Engineer in Larsen & Toubro Ltd., Mumbai, but shifted to Recruitment activities as a consultant after around 24 years. For the last almost 9 years I am associated with Gulf recruitment consultancies. Please provide a forum for all consultancies in this area for local and international recruitment. Select a core team, with people like me to work with genuine interest to meet the aspirations of youth on career front. 
0 0 R/sir, here is my idea for developing career centres at villiage lev1. we should involve bachtgats in this initiative,because there is a strong need of career centers at villages and taluka level and then at big cities. 2. Bachtgats are the one who can perform this task effectively and in this way they will get an opportunity to work. 3. These centers should have respected professionals from society so that people will listen to them There should be award points  bachat gats. 
0 0 modi ji, yadi aap skill Development Centre Opan karna Chahte hi h to Pahle apne eduaction system ko durust karna hoga.wha baccho ko teaching k sath practical knowledge mile aur continous monitoring ho k aj konsa experiment ya job perform hua.aap pahle jitne Vaccant seats h unhe fill kare aur wha skilled person bhi ho jo k baccho aur jawan sabko kewal skilled banaye. I salute you sir,par aap education system ko durust kare. Hamare jitne bhi IIT h wha k student at least one year apne desh ko de 
0 0 Time has come to setup "Employment Exchange". Bring MNREGA and Employment under same roof. NASSCOM had initiative for IT professional's database, similarly there should be database for employments. It should work like a Stock Exchange for company's who are looking for recruitment. 
0 0 Now a day it’s a trend of outsourcing as the cost in India is less than other countries, I would recommend that small government enterprises and other outsourcing govt and pvt  work should be assigned through career center like kisan call center, other survey works of government also should be given to each district wise and the people living there. So that everyone has a small income rather than outsourcing to other big companies for a bulk amount.Lets make a path for development. 
1 0 Proposed career guidance centres should highlight on skill development of passouts irrespective of their branch/stream across the country. Let it replace employment exchange centres running sluggishly under various state governments. Based on skills learnt during the training period, let the person be employed, not mearly by his/her marks. Let it be named as "Swami Vivekananda Yuva Samvahini Centres". 
0 0 Given the focus on "Make in India", we should set up centers which build skills in manufacturing. These need not be diplomas in engineering but have to ensure we equip our young people across the country to confidently manage different kinds of manufacturing jobs. The choice of the specific skill sets can be based on the indigenous manufacturing location (e.g. if there is iron ore nearby and we have a steel based unit, we can teach smelting). 
0 0 Here is m comment 
1 0 s all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
0 0 we should involve bachtgats in this initiative,because there is a strong need of career centers at villages and taluka level and then at big cities.Bachtgats are the one who can perform this task effectively and in this way they will get an opportunity to work.These centers should have respected professionals from society so that people will listen to them and center should provide guidance to all levels of student..Thank You 
2 0 Respected Sir/Madam, here are my thoughts on Career centres in few bullets: 1. Start from school/Colg level: Introduce career counselling at school/Colg to provide and guide students with information on career options for each stream~Science/commerce/arts. 2. Invite role models to school/Colg for lectures ~ Defence officers, Doctors, Engineers, Actors, Media etc. Students can relate to their role models and identify their interest areas early. 3. Introduce Vocational courses at school level 
0 0 jab bina learning ke child & youth pass honge to skill progress kis parkar hogi or jab child & youth me learning attitude hi nahi hoga to career center se kya hoga.in Bharat most school send child in next class without passing marks.at first makes strong practical education system. Agar hum schools ko career center ke roop me develop krenge to skill development  & learning attitude bachpaan se hi hoga.skill development makes strong career so as career center schools are best option. 
0 0 Sear sir/Madam, I am a psychologist by profession. I am meeting many students and youngsters for career guidance everyday. In my opinion, all Indians need psychological career guidance through career centers. India lacks scientific career guidance perspective as most of us look for only job opportunities and not for job suitableness. Scientifically, aptitude, motivation and personality should match with the course/career path chosen. If any of these do not match, there will be issues. 
0 0 There are huge number of professionals in their late 40's and early 50's who are either free to quit job or self-employed and such people can be employed by the "Career Centres" for skill development of the youth. It will help in the youth getting direct practical approach of the work place that they desire to enter. 
0 0 Employment for India Tag line : Career for Life, Life for India. 
0 0 2. "Man is the architect of his own fortune"-if we remember this wise saying and advance in the way of life with firm steps, our poverty and misery will disappear, and peace and happiness will be our constant companions. 
0 0 1. I have observed one thing in particular which I should like to bring to the notice of sensible people. The fruits of a rich man's labour are wealth. If these fruits are placed in the hands of the wise, they use them with great delight in far better ways than the rich. 
1 0 let the private public partnership be used to set up career centers and skill development centers in smaller cities and towns. You govt can think of providing tax and non tax incentives to industry for their participation. This initiative can also be treated as part of CSR. Importantly these centers must be setup in smaller cities and towns. The smaller the city/town more the incentive. Also the centers must promote for skill development of widows and orphans. 
0 0 1.Start from the roots - career guidance should be introduced in schools and colleges to help students get a better idea about their careers and future job prospects. 2. There has to be a centralised national database, which should log both, the jobs by Companies and CV's by job seekers 3. We keep on reading about various vacancies in government jobs. Have counselors at career centres to help guide prospective employees. 4. Regular circulation of job openings by mail/SMS. 
0 0 Pl. invite accomplished professionals from different discipline for nation building. Offer them social projects and credit back with a honorary government officer post. I am sure there is huge leadership and innovative individuals who will be willing to join hands with government for a change. Salary to them does not matter as long as there is a way to recognize. I am very much one among those - with diverse industry experience with Aditya Birla Group, ISRO, Infosys, Cognizant etc.. 
1 0 a.	Branding of Career Centres: A name and tagline communicating the objectives with particular focus on provision of employment and counselling related services to the youth of the country NAME- प्रगति (Pragati) Means progress in English aptly explains the soul of the initiative. TAGLINE- “Aage Badhein, Tarraki karein" Please refer to pdf file for more detail. 
0 0 and try to improve this site more user friendly and one main thing is that should our written part are monitoring by some one if not please start that if i know any one listing me then only i can speak 
0 0 i suggest that please start a govt job providing site where an student or experience holder can upload his RESUME there and got job related information in some minimum fee , it also start to believe that our government started to gives us job may u also give skill development facility on there respective area's REGRADS 
0 0 there should be a future paling of children department in every higher or secondary higher schools, colleges which can suggests the students for future courses and job opportunities on he   basis of students interests. 
0 0 Sir, we are doing great in all front. Just because few have-nots blaiming the Govt. Pls implement all the laws made till now on action. We won't required any new law. 
0 0 Counting experience in number of years instead of actual and effective outputs and outcomes achieved is still the basic (flawed) criterion for all government jobs. #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov 
0 0 in India the education quality is very poor. So first we need to improve the quality of our teachers , education technology, practical knowledge and feature planning of students. 
0 1 I challenge you Mr Modi even if I return after 20 years to India from abroad, I'll be finding the same traffic nuisance, garbage everywhere, lack of women respect, corruption, violation of traffic, pathetic roads, drainages, no adequate social security for poors, dust, pollution, animals on street & filthy state of things in India. Visit Hero Honda Chowk, Gurgaon once & you will see what I have stated above. I feel disgusted to be an Indian. You only know how to give lectures that's it. 
0 0 It will be good for one single site in which adding CV which can help every one to get the job. Also in this site there should be training information as well which can tell people to understand the market trend. So accordingly people can plan to attend the training. 
0 1 I feel that half my search of a quality life is killed, the moment I am born in India. I feel disgusted to see you not fulfilling any promise you made to the people of India. Your Govt. launches useless schemes like " Swacch Bharat Abhiyan" where after months of launching, one cannot find a single dustbin/toilets in any cities leaving metropolitians. Both you & your Govt., have done nothing sensational to win public trust on you & your Governance. 
0 0 Many students coming out of college don't have jobs or proper directions. Career centers should be opened in each district so that proper guidance and roadmap can be shown to students. 
0 0 Stop the BPO culture in India if you are interested in utilising youth's talent. I stay in Gurgaon & have seen how young students get tempted for an easy job in BPO & spoil their health working at night with heavy exposure to calls under pressure. At an age when the studies, should be their first priority, they neglect their studies for earning some quick money. Furthermore, Mr Modi, please impose a heavy taxes on Tobacco & Alcohol products in india if you want to save youths. prateek jain 
0 0 Career centres should be defined with new functionalities 1) They should act as channels to guide the youth to sectors with potential and space, rather than traditional broker job of liking employee and employer 2) Research into deterrents for youth to become entrepreneurs and provide aid,advise and assistance to promote their ideas into economic activity. 3) Act as bridge between ideas, aspiration to reality, economic activity, entreprenuership. 
1 0 One basic problem faced when starting vocational education is knowing the demand of skills in the market. This problem has been solved pretty well by the US with this government website: http://www.bls.gov/bls/proghome.htm I think India can have something similar to inform various entities like educational institutions, planners, Individuals to make better judgments about choosing most effective vocational skills. #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, 
0 0 This is very much true that we are only generating ideas but not implementing it. If educated people are not getting jobs then is it right to discuss job creation? There is not a single site available where people can upload their cv's and a basic lack which i feel is in most vacancy they ask about experience but is it rightious to ask for experience if freshers are not getting chance. I am not blaming anyone but think a bit about the things which need to be done if it could be. JAI HIND 
1 0 Generally we blame our government for the backwardness of our society but for this time the  centeral government under the guidance of honourable prime minister Shree Narendra Modi has given us an opportunity to share our views about the proposed carrier centre.Thus we should not miss such opportunity to participate in the development of our man power as well as our society. 
0 0 This requires top down approach.When It means-starting from highest place to which a person can reach. Now keep moving down and go up to the bottom level to develop required skills.I see in our country most of labor work is taught as on the job training. In most of cases they join some of trade as child helper.We need to see that they must have proper technical training which must include-required science, importance of tools, use of tools.Incentive given to be used to buy tools or related items 
0 0 The career centre should do the assessment of the individual who is seeking employment.This assessment should determine following  things. 1. Level of the knowledge. 2. Attitude and willingness to work. 3. IQ levels required for his chosen field. 4. Guidance and Mentoring. 5 Skill training. With the above things the career centres would largely help the unemployed youth by assessing their competencies,guiding them to acquire new skills to get the jobs. Rammohan 
0 0 Site only talking about ideas. I could not find a place my CV. Is there any idea to collect CVs and then according to the skill, concerned authorities to decide how to use the potential of the individuals? 
1 0 These #CareerCentre can be a very good idea for social business. As we all know that not only urban population is facing scarcity of skilled resources but also rural area is facing the same challenges. The idea will have two parts: (1) To set up a skill development center in rural area with help of #MinistryofLabourandEmployment , in which training will be imparted on skills like electrician , carpentry, plumbing etc. (2) Develop an APP on which people can call those skilled people when needed 
1 0 Separate employment needs of Urban and Rural areas Urban Areas - 1. Bring the jobs and aspirants together. 2. Employ-ability Gap Analysis 3. Industry Exposure 4. Soft skills training and counselling 5. Knowledge sharing with peers Rural Areas - 1. Emphasis on Farming and related jobs 2. Training on better farming techniques 3. Exposure to International Farming practices 4. Knowledge sharing with peers Link Urban and Rural centers to attract people back to Farming and strengthen farming. 
0 0 HELLO. EVERYONE. COULD ANYONE SUGGEST ME HOW TO GIVE SUGGESTION IN THIS SITE. I DIDN'T ABLE TO FIND A LINK FOR SUGGESTION. I WANT TO GAVE SUGGESTION REGARDING OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM, JOB SYSTEM. ANY ONE HELP ME. SEND ME LINK AT GARGSPECIAL@GMAIL.COM 
0 0 THERE SHOULD ONE EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGE IN INDIA BASIS AND ALL STATES EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGES WOULD BE LINKED WITH IT. ALSO THE STUDENTS CAN ENROLL THEIR NAME FROM THEIR INSTITUTIONS AFTER COMPLETING THEIR SKILL OF EDUCATION. JOB OFFERS CAN BE MADE DIRECTLY TO THEIR MOBILES/EMAILS. 
0 0 Sir, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment,1. unorganised labour forms a large part of our work force, they can be helped by having a dedicated repository of drivers, plumbers, masons, electricians, electronic repair agencies, cooks etc, for which Aadhar & basic skill check & documents for drivers & home care givers will suffice. 2. NGO's and SHG's can be co-opted for registering suitable candidates, working in respective field. 3. Mobile app platform should be available, especially for such workers. 
0 0 Sir, the #Career centre should 1.cover the nation with unified database that can be accessed by all regional centres. 2. Registrants should be classified based on education level, training, experience & skill 3. Entry based on Aadhar at time of HSC final with possibility of updates. 4. Entry should be based on certification / school / college counsellor 5. Registered work places should be able to access the database 6. A nominal one time fee from registrant & adverts from companies for revenue. 
0 0 Sir, "DIESHA" - National Career Guidance Centre, DIESHA - Directorate for Interlinking Employability, Skill development, Higher education and Aptitude. DIESHA - to signify direction. 
1 0 admission in center should be free or less fees.... discount should be based on BPl cards not in SC/ST/OBC 
2 0 The career centres should be linked with existing infrastructure,eg Post Offices, SBI, KVs. These institutions are having presence to the remotest area of our country. and their infrastructure can also be used at the same time, eg Post offices .Post offices would be the best choice, as they have vast presence and communication based department. Post men can b instrumental in spreading the awareness,they are having good connect with locals and would be good to incentive them. ~~~VANDE MATRAM~~~~~ 
0 0 कैरियर  केन्द्रो को लोगों की आवश्यकता व सुविधानुसार कैरियर उपलब्ध कराने की आनलाईन व्यवस्था की जाय तथा  ग्रामीण बेरोजगारों के लिए ग्रामीण क्षेत्रों के रोजगार के अवसर उपलब्ध करायें जास और शहर की ओर पलायन को स्वाभाविक तरीकेसे रोककर सबका जीवनस्तर उच्च बनाया जाय केन्द्सरकार शिक्षा के हर पहलू की निष्पक्ष जाँच  की व्यवस्था अपने हाथ में रखे तथा राज्य सरकारों द्वारा की जानेवाली पक्षपाती  भर्तियों को निष्पक्ष बनाया जाय व सभी भर्तियों को केन्द्र के नियंत्रण में लेकर अनियमितता को दूर कर निष्पक्षता तय की जाय 
0 0 Service and Manufacturing industries should be attached to the ITI & arts science colleges( Industrial Training Institute) to keep the training upto date and whats being required. Modern Agricultual related subjected be given as optional in rural areas in 8 to 12 standards at least. Govt should act as facilitator between Industry, Institues and students.Huge online libraries be created with acess to each from college level and free money allowances should not be given to student. 
1 0 There should ba a national Portal of Jobs from the government as a part of Digital India.The details of 10 marks and 12 marks should b updated from the board from which the student passes. Also,the marks after 12th should also be updated by the university.This will add more authentication to the data and also the job providers will consider this data much more than that of other job websites. The student should have the rights to add the additional qualifications or creative ability if any. 
0 0 The present form of Employment Exchanges has served of no use and as in the case of Planning Commission, this should be abolished. A New Body may be formed at each State where all the Organisations incl8uding Public Sector Companies registered under the Companies nAct, should notify the vacancies , the skill required and also the basic qualifications, experience in the field expected and age restrictions. Based on these information the State Employment Assistance Board, can take further action 
2 0 Sir try to develop what we have already...And inspire youth to look forward by giving quality education and provide govt benefits to everyone who are in need...Encourage for hand made materials... 
0 0 Revenue model would be full utilization from the organizations who access this DB + those who hire. for the starting since there is a provision of self help in career counselling that has to be free till the applicant aadhaar card / PAN says he is employeed then charge the employeer. 
0 0 c. Implementation Agency for Career Centres: Academia infra to be used for opening the visibility of career, Gov should rope in funded institutes / credited Engg + Medical collages. other than specific need based [ minority status ] f. Network of Career Counsellors: first we need career counsellors, well paid & skilled. professional counselling must have grades + record keeping. A searchable and updated database of skills based content via simple DB on cloud with mandatory masking of name 
0 0 Branding of Career Centres: Simple GovCareerCentre - GCC, first and foremost if the applicant goes out of India then degree / certificates taken via this is null and void + monetary penalty. b. Coverage of Career Centre: Near district centre as there is connectivity, localizated industries focusing will be there - coal /hydro/ agri,  Women and youth centric have to have different timing. Local Service Providers through Career Centres: Directory of Local service providers like drivers, 
0 0 Career center must be developed for human resource tapping center.Human is the greatest asset for a nation. But we indians ignored it,supplies great human powers to other countries.Hence immigration encouraged.To identify peoples embedded skill, right aptitude test being conducted.Each persons have their own strength and weakness.To identify all the skills (physical and intellectual) in the person is the first step towards job orientation.With in six month the center must provide a job to them. 
2 0 #roadwaytosuccess The main reason why we end up with wrong jobs or career is the lack of proper guidance at deciding points of our life. In India SSC and HSC are two such crucial stages of our career one wrong step an you end up wasting your precious years. We need to bring #careerguidance mandatory in our curriculum. But that shouldn't be a formality ,Students should be asked to do research on different career options and then discussions should be done on that. #youth #change 
1 0 Just Like B-schools design their course as per the requirement of Industry the govt. should tie-up with Industry & develop course as per the requirement of industry also Sign MOU with the industry to employ the people from the Career Centers where the people have quality Skill-Sets . Career Centers should be specific in nature for eg. Center for Tourism Industry , for Auto Industry , for Steel Industry etc . 
0 0 Private partners need to be involved to make the career centers more efficient. the government agencies that exist today should be transformed by making it more connected, using digital technologies. #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService 
0 0 There is dire need to motivate rural youth towards farming and encourage them for farm sector activities. So career centers must be opened at Block/ Taluka area and it should provide technological assistance, agri-business, skill development in farm sector and act as job generator in Agriculture Sector. After-all total population may reach 1340 million in 2021 and except Farming sector, none other sector gives you food to survive. Think about it!!!!!!. 
2 0 Sir there are lakhs of Govnt.offices in this country,from panchayats to the Navratnas,PSU etc,if the govt. absorbs all the youth based on their interest and qualification and impart them 6-10 month training for a minimum fee.The youths of this country will be in demand for the private sector and self employment,as the start seeing from different angel.It will change the future of this country.Sir please do not open another Gont. office in name of career center to waste our resources. 
0 0 computer job coding & a hundred other skills.Tourist guides, cab drivers, auto drivers, any skill taht can be taught must be taught.The admissions and fees may be kept low to enable large scale employability. 
0 0 Starting career centres is a must do for the GOI[Government of India].You dont have to go very far for implementing this concept.Just study how NTTF{nettur Technical Training Foundation] does its job.Similarily,the concept of the Indo German Skill development centres of the Government Of Karnataka.Similar skill development centres of short duration can be started for skills lkie electricians, hair dressing, plumbing, borewell mechanics, 2-wheeler mechanic, 4-wheeler mechanics, electronics repair 
0 0 There should be career centers in every village because village students did not know about careers other than engineering and doctor fields.Also there should be skill development in school and high school/college.One more thing in village most of the children (banjara samaj,farmer ..etc)are not interest to study because they did not importance of study.In village govt.school/college teacher must be chosen as per best qualification..Computer training program at school and college level 
0 0 #CareerCentreDuty #CareerCentre Just like in US citizens have Jury Duty,each citizen shd be go to a CC for 2 days in a year and share their skill with participants. #NationalCareerService should have separate stream 1. Improve Current Skill 2. Learn New Skill For e.g. with e-commerce boom, less educated workers can be easily trained on 4 skills: 1. Improve Current Skill - Driving, Soft Skills 2. New Skill - PLanning Delivery Route, Using Smartphone apps, in a condensed 4-6 week course 
0 0 There should be career centers in every state, town, city, village, etc which should impart not only skill development required by their states but also help in generating employment after the training & thus assist in placements which will help corporate india to get skilled labours & minimise their expenditure as no gestation period would be required after employing experienced labors. 
0 0 Career center should be categorized such as 1. For students who completes 10th/SSC, so they can pick the skill oriented studies right from beginning. 2. For people who are goalless, they can be literate or illiterate. It should have programs depending on the Regions requirements, literacy ratio. For ex, Career center in Mumbai focusing on Manufacturing will not be as fruitful as Financial/IT program bcoz it is no more Manufacturing hub. Special focus is needed on Agriculture oriented program 
0 0 This is an excellent idea.KUDOS to the Government. Please do study the system of skill development in the U.S and may be Japan which have proved their skills to the world. Especially the system of Community colleges in the U.S. is very impressive. In the U.S for e.g. a HairDresser, Carpenter, Plumber all have a certificate that they display in their shops or have it with them. 
0 0 Sir why cannot we inoculate the idea or skill development program from high school, so that the child will also have chance recognize his potential , and more over we can borrow ideas from our ancient Gurukul system of education were inclusive growth of child was taken care so when comes out of Gurukul he is ready for anything .... 
0 0 Carreer centre must be only in school not other place.This waste of money of country 
0 0 Sir, The idea of career centres is excellent.I'd suggest that employment exchanges should be operated in every village our country(Just like gram panchayats).It should be made SSC/10th everyone must enroll with these employment exchanges.Employment must be provided even in the private firms through employment exchanges only. A G.O in this regard must be issued by Central Govt,such that ail the private companies gets registered with these employment exchanges giving vacancies list 
1 0 Dear Sir... just attach the ITIs, Polytechnic centres and engineering colleges with Employment exchanges and make it mendatory (as was in older days) that the required manpower in either sector be it govt of private - must be done through these employment excahnges only. 
3 0 Dear sir , I welcome the decision for proposed career centers . I would like to suggest that these careers centers should not only be confined to cities , but these centers should be established for every villages which have population over 500 . These center should provide modular skill in every domain related to local requirement , the person attending career center should be given option for earn & learn scheme , where their skill & labour can be used for revenue generation. 
0 0 Hello Sir, I am an IT engineer living in Ahmedabad. Due to less no. of IT giants we need to migrate from Gujarat to another state for career enhancement. I would request to promote IT companies to investments in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. There are lots of skilled engineers are there in Gujarat and due to location constraint who can not migrate to other state which may impact their career growth. So my humble request to you to promote IT giant in Gujarat. Thanks, Kushal Sheth 
0 0 Respected Sir, Importance given to bring Technology and Management for the basic needs of Food and Clothing need to be improved. Skills need to be imparted in different activities of farming and regular income on a monthly or weekly basis be ensured. We need to make Agriculture as a dignified profession. When Technology can be utilized, need to leverage them. This way we can eliminate wastage of time, effort and ultimately money. Thus make agricultural products less costlier and improve supply. 
0 0 cas 
1 1 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
0 0 sir first of all please look towards the EDU of disabled persons in India they are  looked down in our country. GOVT schools have no facility for them. their skill are neglecte in each and every school. they are stop in going to tourist places. only 500RS per month is very less for them. as they can't do any thing with 500RS. special schools should be opened by GOVT. for every type of disability. lastly it is a humble request to hold a Man ki baat on problems and needs of these children. 
0 0 first of all please change the way of education in government schools because education is only toll to every child buliding futures nation on second thoughts every child get full support from government chossing their own field of choice whether engineer,doctor,cricter,etc 
0 0 Center government should open different career centers with the help of state governments in all the states. These centers can be related to computers, Art and Kraft, Electrical works, Film, photography, Agriculture, different languages, business setup and other areas. These career centers will provide the internship to peoples based on their interests and area of specialization and also provide the career guidance. These career centers will help to produce skilled peoples. 
0 0 i have a question... we have something called rajive ghandhi rural employment guarantee scheme. Has anybody actually seen it work. has anybody actually know how it functions, does anybody actually audit it. As far as i have seen the work is done by the contractor and he collects the money in the name of the registered labour. cant we have a model that is self contained rather than have the govt fund it. when the govt funds a scheme there is more wastage than they actually helping themselves. 
0 0 The primary level education should be strengthened by moving away from rote based learning to activity based learning.Farmers.artisans of villages can be made instructors ensuring they have a job as well transferring there knowledge to the next generation.We have all the necessary institutions to implement this like ITI's and NIELIT etc .New institution will only bleed the funds away from such institutions. Instead.Instead this organisations should be modernized and strengthened. 
0 0 Why can't we install a small wind mill in each compartments of trains and use the method of storing generated energy in form of any storage devices.  A small wind mill can turn installed in four corners of each compartment and those energy can be used for running of trains, electricity by saving traditional method. These saved energy can be used instead of electricity for long running distances. 
0 0 I am guessing that there should be many patented idea in India, in the field of agriculture: http://www.fnbnews.com/article/detnew.asp?articleid=21480&sectionid=20 Collate them and design a model around it such that it reaches and benefits every farmer. 
2 0 Please consider the attachment. 
1 0 time has now come to realize that only skill based education can bring substantive change in unemployment rate among youth. such education should start right from schools. every child must be taught basic skills required in daily life like repairing small electronic products, stitching, painting etc.from class 9 -10th so that youth is equipped to handle odd circumstances and apart from theory has some practical knowledge. 
1 1 Skill based education to be provided copulsory 3 month internship to be done in milatary for discipline 
1 0 समसया-समाधान॰सुरक्षा॰रेाजगार॰ भविषय॰अभिव्यक्ति ऒर सरकार । डिजिटल इंडिया से तुरंत पहुंचेगी॰हर समय हर व्यक्ति हर दवार ॥ 
0 0 For me 1st of all identify the number of unemployment in each Block/Taluka/Mandal level, 2nd thing is that from that list prepare a data base and link with computer, 3rd is that What will done as per their qualification, 4th from that qualification connect with your availability vacancies. 
0 0 The aim of a career center should not be to educate youth. It should be to give a life skill to a person. He should be able to provide for his family and himself using that. The career center should assess every person who comes for help and suggest a suitable course. No course should be for more that 4 months. At the end of the 4th month the participant should get a guaranteed job placement. The centers should be run by entrepreneurs and 80 to 90 percent of the course fee should be borne by gov 
2 0 Please see the attached PDF. 
0 0 Concept of setting up/converting exisitng Employ. Ex. centres to Career Centre is definitely a good initition. But unless we setup such centres at Taluk Levels and exhibiting Skill Course counters(what and to where it is) for rural candidates, we are not going to achive anything extra. Plus creating District level opportunities is atmost important agasint such initiation but we will achive training and skilling but no scope of employbility. Sivananda Choudhury, 9035070604 
0 0 A one stop solution is the question both for the needy and the needed. When everything is going centrally, then why not we think for a central and classified employment bank! 
0 0 Women suits & tailoring career centers may be established in rural high schools on PPP basis at nominal fees and the career centres may be governed by school authority.After sucessfull of course the student may be employed in big cloth stores or may be self employed at their resion. 
0 0 DEAR SIR, ALONG WITH THE EXISTING EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGES, ADD THE PROPOSED CAREERS CENTERS TOO. MODERN CAREER CENTERS ON THE LINES OF AS WE CAN SEE FEW GOOD PRIVATE JOB CONSULTANCIES. HENCE AS SAID PLS SET UP NEW SO CALLED 21ST CENTURY EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGES IN THE NAME AND STYLE AS "CAREER CENTERS". YOU CAN TAKE PRODUCTIVE BRAINSTORMING IDEAS FROM AICTE, NCVT, ITIs, ETC.  THANK YOU 
0 0 Career Centre - How to build our future people for the country? Do we know how much talent goes out every year out of country? Rich countries hires talent from India and India (Govt) competes with them. What a wonderful situation:):) 
0 0 Career centre should be a onestop shop for all career related queries of students from (+2 to PG) in the area, centre is present . The centre should provide counselling on the various courses/professions/careers available to a student. The counsellors of diff. professional institute's should be asked to counsel at centre and seminars should be organised upon  Career planning. The database of a centre can be shared to interested colleges to follow up with students to help them to choose career. 
0 0 Career Centres panels must be chosen from the graduates and post graduates of that field. Create an online voting and awareness program to chose the best from that industry. You can depend on local faculty members also for the same who will be knowing the experts in that field. That way they will represent people of the region and Govt should be appointing a few experts of the field to guide. That way it will be driven by from local community who will be drivng for themselves. 
0 0 1. Students must be given free coupons to undertake msme course free of cost. 2. The video material of msme must be uploaded in youtube for all public to learn new things. 3. Training in english and hindi must be made mandatory. 4. Teaching computers should be made compulsory. 5. All must be given training on how to write emails, letters, loan procedure, politeness in speech. 6. Funds must be transferred for transport for those who attend training and dont get job. 
0 0 The Career Centers need to guide students by allowing them to assess their aptitude. The industries that are likely to grow very fast, the jobs those industries are going to create, the skills those jobs need, the work environment and life style they provide are all part of Career Centers. How to deal with unemployment, making a resume to applying and also changing careers should also be part of a career center. 
0 0 A Career Center should start with parents, as they are the main drivers of their child's future. An in depth analysis is required into evolving industries and likely job creation counts. For example cyber security professionals are going to be in high demand in times to come. Currently India has 100 M users on the internet and is expected to go up to 300 M by 2020 as per govt of India estimates. Aptitude tests are being done by most schools now a days for children..... 
1 0 Skill Development program should be included in the school and colleges regular syllabus 
0 0 Cross lingual training courses should also be incorporated. North Indians must learn English and Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Malayalam and South Indians can learn Hindi or a North eastern language. Eglish and other foreign language training should also be included. 
1 0 After registration on the website  job card which will be available through  mobile recharge shops like mobile recharge coupons  which will sent all notifications on the mobile 
0 0 8. training on basic dressing/attire, suitable grooming and cleanliness must be essential part of the course. 9. Skill centers must promote products and services made by trainees for sale/auction/festivals. For example, a Cook trainee can be sent to a marriage function in village to lend a helping hand. A dress designer trainee's stitched dresses can be sold in the village/weekly bazar with his her name tag/center's name tag. Regards Satyarata Tripathy 
0 0 7. Every person must be mandatorily trained in communication skill (Practical). They must know how to initiate a talk, how to ask appropriate questions, how to clarify if something is confusing, how to give crisp, clear and approprate answers to the most practical questions on job and in social life.They must be trained on how important it is learn from life and contain unneccessary ego/attitude/inhibitions that generally creep in during small town/village social life. 
0 0 5. Classroom training must be followed up by- a. Mock sessions b. Mock/real time on the job session c. City/District Level exams along with practical tests for certifications. 6. The examiner in such practical exams must not be a government officer. He/she must be someone who is a private enterpreneur of any scale. May be the owner of a popular Beauty parlor of the nearest city. This will provide a realistic results before certification. 
0 0 3. We must add progressive courses like cooking, basic customer service and Waiter/attendant job, Security services, Housekeeping. A lot of young people come to cities and find jobs in small hotels/eateries, offices as cleaning staff and wahing staff. Skilled manpower in this area shall improve their demand and pay scale as well. 4.Driving courses and first aid courses along with Hygiene training should also be included. They will nt only find employment but also contribute to cleanliness. 
0 0 Sir, following are some of the points I have for career centers; 1. The modules or courses must be very basic and practical which touch our routine lives. This is because we are talking about skilling the extremely unskilled unemployed youth/women in small towns and cities and villages.So employment/employability after the course shall be the main attraction. 2. Courses like carpentry, Electrical work, Mobile repairing, Stitching and embroidary, tailoring, hair cutting and salon/beautician 
0 0 Dear respected Modiji, I propose a model enabled with technology to provide the "COLE" to all youth in the form of C - Coaching O - Opportunities (open jobs on both government and private sector) L - Learning E - Exposure (through internships with companies, government or with educational institures) this can be further elaborated if the idea is accepted on how to enable this on a digital technology platform based on the selection or shortlisting of this idea. 
1 2 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
1 1 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
1 0 Agriculture/ farming should be encouraged as a career & be developed as an imp industry in public sector. Lands should be acquired / adopted  for this & the youth , especially from farmer/ labour families should be attracted to it by ensuring quality education in agriculture/ horticulture related occupations.The career centers should have tie ups with above agro-industires ensuring direct placement from such educational institutes giving agro-education.This approach will solve many problems. 
1 0 to make mass people employable,we have to 1.focus on skill development to grab world wide opportunity thru latest technology access 2.Use Technology in local language 3 Make official accountable for their deeds so that  fair & fast decision is ensured for LAW & ORDER & POWER SUPPLY. 4 start more industry in area where manpower  & other resource is easily available 
1 0 Namaste Pm ji, In South Part of India, people dont understand Hindi. So Free Hindi Learning.  Govt recognised Centres for Learning Hindi must be started. Because it is so important to learn Rashtra Basha... In North ad West part of India, English language is needed for progress. Therefore Similar Programmes and Centres should be run to get into Global  market. Jai Hind ! 
1 0 Namaste PM ji, Happy to write to you and hoping you to glance my message. # Every School / College needs a Life Skill Trainer. Soft skills Trainer. Personality Coach. School Counsellor. Career Counsellor. Who are trained , well qualified and obtained licence from Govt. Jai Hid ! 
0 0 Dear SIR, Please find attachment. 
0 0 RESPECTED SIR... I AM A BANKING ASPIRANT AND LIKE ME HUNDEREDS AND THOUSANDS OF JOB SEEKERS ARE APLING THROUGH IBPS IN RRB(REGIONAL RURAL BANK)..THE PASSING MARKS IS 80 IN WRITTEN BUT IN INTERVIEW 160-170 CUTOFF.NO ONE CAN IMAGIN WHY CUTOFF IS TOO LOW IF THEIR NO CHANCE TO MEET INTERVIW..‎(REGIONAL RURAL BANK ASPIRANTS)FACEBOOK GROUP.. I JUST WANT TO CONVEY THAT WE SHOULD ALSO HAVE COMMON INTERVIEW LIKE NATIONALISED BANK...SO WE HAVE EQUAL RIGHT TO ATTEND INTERVIEW..THANKS...AMAR PATHAK 
2 0 #CareerCentre Career Centres should ideally act as one stop shop for the job seeker and the job provider. It should ideally have 3 components; Career counselling,(skill bases) Training that should also include basic communication(both oral and written) and computer training and lastly the Opportunity finder. Attached PDF has a layout. 
1 0 Save water in future there will be promble for water 
0 0 Revenue model: Once these centres are set up it should run by its own. One way of raising revenue is contribution by public voluntarily especially by those who have benefited from this. Right campaign is needed to bring about this habit. A portal for public and industry to provide funds. 
1 0 Creating skill development center for Financial literacy and financial management will be best skill development center. At present only 2% of Indian population is investing in stock market. There are only few thousands of properly trained financial planners in our country. Financial illiteracy and untrained financial planners are spoiling faith of common men trying to invest and taking away common men hard earn money. This will create huge employment & fund for "Make in India" vision. 
0 0 we should train our youth to learn at least one foreign language. Then we can have official portal of trained, well informed, smart, young and registered tourist guide. So a tourist can book a guide in advance after getting all the information through official website. like is ability to converse in their own language. Then they can be rated by the tourist after completion of the tour. So there will be fair rating and the government can even reward them for the courteous behavior. 
2 0 #CareerCentre "Naukri Aaj se" 
0 0 Sir, If All the National parties engaged retired (from any Job- Govt/pvt)personnel, youth , housewife etc. for the data collection, social work, to take care of all the individuals i.e. education , health , insurance,skill,educate for all the govt scheme available for them etc development in each village of India by paying them some minimum wages/salary for their services.But appointment should be verified by Collector/Tahsildar /Sarpanch etc (as you think fit) without bhaibhatijavad . 
2 0 More focus should be on Communication skills. Even if the student has good skills and talent and if he cannot express it to others then he cannot progress well. I see this is one of the major reason while they are unable to excel well 
2 0 The students from various streams like engineering, pharmacy, B.Com, BMS, MBA, etc may be technically knowledgeable but in terms of their confidence, their soft skills and behavioural skills are not employable at all. This results in very low or no campus placement. The students need to be trained on employability skills. This should be on a continuous basis. Right from the time the student enters college and should be made compulsory. 
0 0 #CareerCentre the soft skills need to decided by taking into account expectations of Industry bodies like FICCI and CII which will make the candidates more employable. 
0 0 #CareerCentre having run a successful career orientation company for 2 years in Bangalore I can safely say that the key to any career centre is to have them divided into different industries and a thorough Industry overview (already have multiple reports) along with salary expectations to be provided to candidates. Along with this, soft skills to be taken up on interest basis and assign credit points for each variable which is then added up to give a final score. 
1 0 please read pdf file for more suggestions 
0 0 Similarly, B Ed should be made optional for schools. I feel the career centre needs to focus on development of right talent, with or without qualification. We need people with right attitude and knowledge to handle situations than the qualified people who would be sitting ducks. Pls ease the system as well with the career centre. 
0 0 These centres can be a medium between employers and prospective employees. Focus for these centres should be to build competencies of the workforce that can be applied to multiple areas, thereby ensuring multiple job avenues and better prospects. Stress should be on the development of softer skills (such as communication and emotional intelligence) and logical thinking for better empowerment of the workforce. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Lot of norms for people to get job needs to be eased. I work for education sector and often we don't find people who could be recruited. Either they don't have the required qualification or the talent. For ex, to be a good teacher in colleges, Ph D should not be mandatory. A person with a rich experience can teach better compared to most of fake Ph D holders. But the system doesn't allow them to enter. 
0 0 I had very high hopes from India..My idea is why cant Government construct (Job centres) in city center of each and every Malls/shopping complexs, like its very common thing in England...where a person goes and fill the form and give to the job centre..these job centres have tie ups with all the consultants..Its very effective,transparent and time saving thing..every person will get their job based on their skills in their own city.. 
1 0 Myself Prabhjeet and I am from Gandhinagar(Gujarat). I was in Dubai for 2 years in sales (Construction & Real Estate) and I have got more than 17 years of work experience in Sales & Marketing..I was working for Nissan cars for 3 months as an Assistant Sales Manager(Corporate) and I left the company as Management was worst...Then got selected for Aspi motors(Tata motors) and they are still not sure when they are going to shift their new showroom...It has been not even 7 months and I gn bk toDubai 
0 0 Dear Sir, There is huge unemployment among youth in our resource rich regions. I have an idea to share. Your recent coal auction & infrastructure augmentation decisions will generate huge activity in these regions. This will be done only by earth moving n other heavy machinery. This will need number of technicians, drivers & mechanics to make this machinery work 24/7. Make centers in these areas to train young people of these areas in upkeep, handling & repair of heavy machinery. 
1 0 1)WE HELP SHAPE CAREERS ACROSS ALL STRATA.....COME JOIN US FOR A SUCCESSFUL CAREER & A BETTER LIFE OR 2)NEED A JUMPSTART TO YOUR CAREER .....VISIT US NOW TO START YOUR ENGINE 
0 0 Large No of young men and women, particularly in the Southern states, are unaware of the numerous career options available in the Armed Forces. There is a vast population of ex-servicemen in these states whose services can be harnessed by the government to provide the required information, guidance and training to those who aspire for careers in the Armed Forces.Such Career Centres be formed at each district HQ. 
0 0 Good morning. It is very expensive, but can do, if want. Maximum youth will enroll in the Defense in all sectors, giving chance to higher studies, % retired after 15 to 17 years of service, then re enter in all govt jobs, public sector, state services and where ever needed.   If any one want study out side the def then given expenses, after take back to defense.   It will create a new generation in the defense and out side.   So more sectors/trades will open and maturing with civil.  Thanks. 
0 0 Career for the Students is a major Focus Area. More than the Students , the Parents and the Teachers , need to take up this task for the benefit of the Ward. There is no limitations to taking up a career but individual's aptitude is more important , to be reallised & tapped by the Parents and Teachers. Knowing the aptitude of each student / ward , the Teachers , based on the Academic Courses and the outside opportunities , in consultation with the Parents , who may or may not be knowledgeable 
0 0 Respected sir: Ilove my india.because iam a indian.I thank god, because he gave me so many opportunities and talents for improving my career. I am a EX-NCC cadet. So I have great desire to give more ideas for improving studies and the development for orphan and poor peoples those who are suffering and also for NCC cadets,EX-NCC cadets,students police cadets and EX-students police cadets. Thank you sir.. 
0 0 Honarable Ministry,Following are my views 1)TagLine :myVyavasayMySamruddhi--Objective is Focus on individual and his/her development2)Coverage is National center with State delegation  to reach to  muni.corp.3)Employment Xchange to  remodel with new framework 4)Municipal corporation center to haveinfrastructure of computers,meeting room,counsellers5)Regular interaction with industrychamber,schools,colleges,localsservice providers/directries6)All Manpwr consultantto register with NSC 7)PPPmode 
0 0 to provide self business for all unemployed graduate person to finance to low proverty family & encourage to people to do own business............ 
0 0 I believe the name and tagline should be "AAGRAH-EK KHOJ KI AANT" which means an end to the eagerness of finding jobs.I have chosen hindi as the language as it is the most spoken language in the country but for places where it is not spoken at all, the tagline and name can be translated.This title is apt as the #careercentre aims a providing jobs to people who are eagerly waiting for a job to come their way. 
0 0 The Career Centres can tie-up with all the new Companies entering into India via the FDI route and place candidates at all levels and charge fees for the successful placement of the candidates.The vacancies available across the country can be flashed across in a website and across the electronic media 
0 0 sir mera name milind hai. mere mann main bohot din se wastu vinimay ke bare main chal raha hai. ager gramin bharat main ye yojna ayegi to waha ki atmahatya rukh jayegi.do udaharan deta hu.1) kisan apna fulli katne ke liye majuri main gehu deta hai.iss se us kisan ko jada munafa hoga 2) jub pyaj ke dam sabse jyada the tub kisan ke pas pyaj tha par us wakt wo tamatar nahi kharid sakta tha. main jub chota tha tub mere gao main wastu vinimay se hi kam hota tha 
0 0 -Upon successfully placement of candidates, during the training period (minimum 1 yr), make mandatory system for all candidates to provide 25% of their monthly compensation for generating corpus of funds for these centers for further development and modernization. 
0 0 -Ultimate objective is to produce a highly skilled, motivated and ‘ready to deliver’ candidates for all the organizations who has their vested interest to employ such candidates. -Make all organization mandatory to provide their regular inputs what kind of skills they expect from candidates from day 1 and upon getting suitable candidates, offer suitable compensation per skills and qualifications. 
1 0 How: -	Thru participation of All Government, Public & Private Companies, Education, FII, DII bodies work together to setup “Centre Of Competence” inside every school, colleges, universities. -	Make this center a self-sustainable organization which can manage their own expenses, develop modules/ courses suitable to their geography, population and surrounding needy job seekers. 
0 0 Career Centres;- My proposal - Objective:Job for All in sync with personal interest, learning, fun, near to home/ family, limited hours, growth to earn as much as he can and many more unfulfilled wishes Possible solution:A mechanism which can provide a platform to perform anybody as per its skill and get compensation accordingly but basic facility/ wishes should be avail to all. Model:Employee must feel like an entrepreneur and know hourly value (profit and loss) of their contribution 
0 0 j. Revenue model for Career Centres to ensure sustainability. This should be nominal fee based.  All career centres should be given to people who has HR background and psychologist who can become career coaches,  not to be given to politicians and their kins. h. Local Service Providers - use google local searches to find nearest local plumbers, electricians, etc.  This can be accessible by mobile apps for faster access and reach at finger tips. 
0 0 b.Coverage of Career Centre:  All career centre should reach the last mile, Village, panchayat. Not to be focused on metros. I.Career Content Knowledge Repository: all careers should be certified by body like IT certification. There should be a central digital repository with biometrics which can viewable by all people who can check and validate before employment.  Employment could be corporates, citizens, govt. bodies. The rates should be displayed and payment can be online. 
1 0 First thing is to discourage talents from migration to other countries as a govt employee in another country I can say retain our talent in our country as much as possible to build a technologically proven developed India 
1 0 My submission would be to develop and trained individual in their village itself so that they can operate from village itself or else if some contractor or agent is pulling him up in the city he or she is independent enough and is not exploited. Take help of Corporates and NGO's for the same or even this can be made compulsory for the respective MP's and MLA's 
0 0 I am based in the rural sector and would like to contribute to CSC model in the villages, thereby creating a dedicated channel for connecting the rural sector with developed India and thus bringing opportunities in areas like education, skill development, crop insurance, weather forecasts (specially for farmers) and linking villagers to various government schemes that can benefit them. Suggest way ahead. Thanks & regards. 
0 0 A #CareerCentre should not be a place to train people. It is not possible to create a huge infrastructure to train millions of people and also at the same time keep upgrading the training content with changing times. Not possible. Should do this: - Create a portal/gateway where job postings of every organization run by Govt of India can be searched - Ensure that people get a holistic view of skills that are in demand, location etc - Tax benefits to private players who impart these skills 
0 0 Engineering institute focused only theoretical not a practical.Maximum focus on practicals. 
0 0 In my opinion, we should organize the labor. We should create the labor data base, So that we should be able o know their employments status. And providing the jobs. 
0 0 Practical skills should be developed Experts from all field should be taken for guiding the youth. All state and central government is utilizing most of the part of there income for giving out pension. The skilled pensioners should be used. Peple from privet sector  can also partcipate 
0 0 Few Points I would like to suggest 1. A team of Unbiased,Non corrupted Young dynamic professionals from Industry, Education, Service etc (Different Sectors)to be formed. 2. They should be given authority to execute the norms. 3. Implementation of the norms at grass-root level should be monitored thoroughly rather than looking it at superficially. 4. Finally we should focus on Skill based training with employments. 
0 0 1. The career centres should work on PPP model with SOPs and benchmarks for operation. 2. Fixed no of institutes/Schools should be allocated to each centre with active encouragement from teachers. 3. Following methodology should be used to channel a candidate to the right career. Aptitude Test > One on one with counselor > Determine Skilling needs > Assign course for Skilling > Certification > Placement/Assistance for self employment > Review after 6 months > Alternate career if required 
0 0 Government should dtatrt the training and courses at school levels because in the age of school time children make his career in pressure and show their creativity though the course like if one student have good mind so puzzle proves is memory through his course because in the young age few student hide their telnet due expensive fee of course #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov 
1 0 Hon MP, My ideas: 1.Create Manpower Data-Bank and it's utilization in every sector 2.Create and Invite Woman's/Physically Handicapped for home base Jobs 3.Provide technical training to ambitious layman's 4.Grow idea toward foreign money investments 5.Scope of higher education for working and social backward peoples 6.Involvements of NGO's in projects 7.Educate to become economically more strong more will discuss later.. thanks.. 
0 0 (2)Final year students should register with Career Centres..Pl. go through the pdf file. 
0 0 Career Centre in school makes a vital role for the students to choose the right career according to his/her talent. Career Centre should be start from the Primary school where the student can start to think & choose about his career and prepare himself/herself for his future to serve the nation with dignity. Government should engaged well qualified and vast experience & knowledgeable Centre Head to each Career Centre. Each Centre shall have latest technology with sufficient learning resources. 
0 0 All final year students of graduation/postgraduation/diploma courses may be given 3-6 months projects in their final semester in established institutions of the respective areas and due weightage should be given for this. Now also projects are there but most of the students get it done by others/institutions instead of doing it themselves due to which they dont gain the experience and hence in the open market they are unable to exhibit their ability..... 
0 0 Like engineering sector, medical sector also needs institutions like ITI where we need to develop two year to three year vocational courses in paramedical and allied sciences for this sector 
0 0 Career counselling centre in school will help in understanding the student capacity at Matric level  and can counsel him as to the field in which he can shine.  The student having a desire of chosing his career can be guided accordingly. The legal formalities for starting a business should also be available with the counselling centre. 
1 0 Career centers should have - 1. Along with providing career guidance, these centers should focus on imparting skills which are not provided by current educational system such as communication skills, personality development, computer skills, soft skills, basic understanding of finances, general knowledge, economics, marketing etc. 2. These careers centers should have participation from private sectors to utilize best talents available. 3. graduate and undergrad level. 3. These centers 
2 0 Better to prepare career centre Region wise/ Zone wise and Geographical patter. Find out the ways to use the waste – Factory, home, new construction waste prepare a Waste management system that will help to maximum utilization of resources. Seasonal career are good and more useful for normal public and that is fully skilled oriented, in summer educate youths for water harvesting and for solar energy. In rainy season educate them preparing water reserves etc. Its for better india. 
0 0 Resource centers in each ward managed by resource people of that ward 
0 0 HELLo, Its a huge problem for most of the poor student to get job in their profession sector. I am who passed my BCA degree & having 2 years Educational Gap because of money problem & also family problems. So my question is to GOv. Of India that why every Firm of Organization not giving the opportunity to people like us who's having educational Gap. I think we are capable of working in professional sectors and having good knowledge of our Profession. Then why it is so?. Thank you. 
0 0 After come out from IT, i am interestingly doing the agri and i want to know latest technologies. By updating i am planning to teach every youth by my ideas and taking the future generation youth to new dimension in agri area. Why always expecting the government to do all the basic necessary? we have to develop our own and as part of group activities we develop our villages like, ground water source, electiricity and labour problem too. But government has to support for financial issues 
2 0 1) First step:Provide them basic training to operate in digital india 2) Second Step:Provide them basic business skills along with taxation rules 3) Third Step:Open Collaboration Department which assist all these trained people to collaborate their ideas, capital, resources and manpower to start SME's for ex: 4-5 small grocers can collaborate together and open up a mini Mart or technicians can collaborate together to open a fully equipped service center. We need entrepreneurs, more than jobs 
0 0 For the growth of a country both young and old are equally important.We should take all along.NCC present and past cadets can be invited to join in the nation building process.Police alone can not work.NCC cadets are supposed to be disclipne crowd.They can be utilized part time giving them some recognisition and authority to help police area wise to handle law and order situation. 
0 0 Professionals from various industries to offer evening coaching class on crash course and professional certificates to be offered on successful completion from career centres. Corporate can define a skill set, select candidates and train them at these centres. 
0 0 Career centre to open under watchful eyes of District collectors for micro management. Centres to collect data on skill sets at local level and industry specific. facility of interviews on skype and other mediums. tie up with local entrepreneurs and SME. Recognition of SME who contribute to maximum recruitment. Coordinator to forward CV to respective SME. Surveys and spot audits to remove corruptions. Local NGO support volunteers to make all aware of such centres and benifit. 
0 0 this will tackle both the eco problem as well as generage huge employment for self employed youth of battery maintenance and swap service. 
0 0 E-bike battery swap service centres in every street. This can be a great source of both self employment and clean energy/env. Today everybody is buying automatic scooters for commute in cities because of traffic problems.this is an opportunity to sell more electric scooters. however battery charging is a problem. if a removable battery in these scooters with a standard form and fit can be standardised across the industry, thousands of local jobs can be created for battery service centres. 
0 0 Post Office: Generally post offices close by 6.30 PM, working professionals can volunteer & train interested people as a service to nation. 30 minutes per day is not a big problem to educate a fellow citizen. Existing post office infrastructure can be used. #CareerCentre 
0 0 ONE INDIA ONE EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM IN STATE LANGUAGE 
0 0 Before giving training to youth, their interest in particular field is to be assessed. Because every body has got some innate interest in some skills. For example some body has mechanical mind that can not be seen in others. It would be more successful depending on their interest in a field they should be fit in and given training. 
0 0 Innate skills already present in their genes through their heredity that is caste based, and they can be further trained on that basis. They will learn quickly and shine well in their field. 
1 0 II-LONG TERM-1Schools and coll should have a tie up with career centres so as to nurture the skills at the grass root level.2SHGs,NGOs,Civil societies,CBOs should team up to harness talent of fresh grads to create a win-win situation.3Job needs should be fulfilled by recruiting through fair practices monitored by anopen system.4core competencies should be emphasised at the early stage of college life by career counsellors.5Interest based workshops should be organised to help choosing a career :) 
0 0 There should be two type of approaches for the proposed career centres: I-SHORT TERM ie; job oriented for the ones who cannot go for long term involvement as their major requirement is money.By giving them hands-on training for livelihood like handicraft,basket weaving,pottery,sweater knitting,candle making,pickles and papad making and like of cottage industry.and giving them opportunities to learn the skill with their job. this will make them self sufficient,self reliant.thus leading to career. 
0 0 20 Days.So sir my humble request to u that plz think on his matter if feasible then plz implement... 
0 0 sir my small plan regarding cleaning river GANGA my humble request is that every month people who are in government job either be a central or state government.People get leave for at least 60 days a year .SO if we all sacrifice our 30 days leave in this current year then we will form a big workforce of this country and collectively deployed near bank of GANGA river and then with the use of this much work force along with technology,ration,and medical aid we all can clean ganga in less than 
0 0 I hope ull fulfill the need of my above comment I am one of them please do some thing Decrease the rate of properties (Flats). 
0 0 Dear Prime minister, Property such as (Flats,plots,villas etc)should not be allotted as an investment because most of the investors are purchasing many of the flats and plots just for invest their assess money because of it people who are home less couldnt buy thier own house because of the increasing rate of properties if government declare that only one property  should be allotted to only one voters or individual so that the properties rate will automatically come down 
0 0 Name in English: National Employment Gateway (NEG) Name in Hindi: (Rashtriya Rojgaar Dwar) The suggested System Flow is mentioned in the pdf. #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov 
0 0 Career centres should be like  poor people IIT .Understand the skill set and interest level of the individual,provided vocational training on it,certified and recognized in the industry and then placed in the relevant companies.Key imperatives,curriculum should be recognized by the industry ,compulsory placement shall be provided,training imparted by professional and private companies,national registry and database of qualified people shall be maintained,list of pre defined training shall be ide 
0 0 I am open a jute skill small manufactring industery so .pls help me 
0 0 1) In India first people become engineers or doctor and then identify really what they want to be.So many career opportunities are there other then engineer and doctors. So career centers should be guiding path for all the opportunities. 2) Skilled youth can be on driver seat for growth of India. So first of all make all ITI of India working efficiently and provide big opportunities to the students in ITI. 
0 0 Govt, should provide an opportunity to take up public sector jobs based on their qualifications(Merit basis) by making age relaxation 40-45 
2 0 Please read the attached file you will get some clarity on the issues behind the unsuccessful skill development programs....... Jai Bharath 
0 0 1.Career centers should be like cal centers where interested person can select from list of professionals , decide the time slot and discuss his aptitude.2.It should be like web seminar session. 
0 0 Carrier centers is a facility given by the governament mainly for the women upliftment.. in india many wemen cant leave their homes. Govenament should open carrier centers at homes so that they can get their wages as selfemployed. No standard output must be given. All the manufacturing must act like an donation purpose for poor children this will help women as well as poor children who dont have cloth to wear.. this is my thought hope it will be reflected 
0 0 First step is to get an almost exact number of professionals,their specification in the field,e.g engineers-total number,civil-?,Mech-? Then find out the demand of the professionals(sector wise) in India we then know how many civil engineers,mech,nurses,doctors are needed in the coming may be 3-4 years. Allot colleges and seat only according to the need. Enhance the relation with the industry and the colleges. Colleges and universities along with gov has to invest more in researches. 
1 0 #MinistryofLabourandEmployment Unorganized agriculture and contract labors should be able to get registered in “some agency” to get training and facilities like ESI, PF etc 
0 0 Carrier counseling4 any young man becomes crucial at stage he is undergoing  graduate studies.Sometimes even before the graduation. That is the time one needs someone who can advice like a peer and a friend  without being high handed. It for this very reason- as far as possible-the PHD guys(most of them do for Naukri )should be KEPT OUT.Retired academicians  are better but even among them  one has to be careful in grooming the ones who are down to earth,friendly,Knowledgeable(not just literate) 
0 0 Career Centres: SMEs Agency: Employment exchanges Office Stipend: Tax incentive for SME or Government Stipend Role of SME: Practical work and training like internship or apprenticeship 
0 0 Career counselling should be down from class 7 onward as we start framing out life goals from that time.In villages after class five computer paid employment should encourages where small projects like making ppt,making online cards,coral art can be initially taught and can be used for earning living.I believe in this way we can overcome school dropout and also encourage education.Increase knowledge about student loans and education funds.CAMPASING SHOULD BE ENCOURAGED FOR ALL FIELDS 
0 0 Career Centers idea should be initiated from the colleges and universities where pretty soon leaving batch would be ready to take up a job. Initially, train them to try freelance working online which can groom them into bright professionals for the real working needs. I can offer training on this to make them ready to take up freelance working. This is a better grooming for the passing out gradates to face the real job world. Every state in India should try this without fail and it helps youth. 
1 0 1) Convert the existing network of ITI centers into Career Centers 2) Enhance them with latest equipments, labs and computers 3) Leverage them as incubication centers for start-ups right from and at all village levels 4) All the IT product companies to provide free licenses / trial versions of software products / platforms 5) Leverage the labs to learn and develop the mobile apps and software products 6) Promote the Green product developments 7) Govt can market & Promote these products 
0 0 Career Centers. 1.The proposed Career Centers should be established on village level or Constituency level and not in big Metros. 2.Each center should have different small scale job training with full practicals.3. Must have necessary workshop with training infrastructure and Instructors.4. Those passed 10th or above should be eligible for admission.5.Subjects like sewing, air conditioning, welding, patient care etc to be taught, Certificate/employment help given. 
0 0 I have suggested for service tax 1 per. For labours in various sector working in india. 
0 0 Dear sir as per my view we need establish a skill development  centers all over india & must be monitor how it works give the target to trained youth month wise than we can get the result we have to be very serious because this is our prime minister dream for the youth because as per survey india have only 3% skilled youth population and koria like small country have 92% population have skilled so that we have to be very carefull and committed ,defiantly we will do this is the right way. 
1 0 j.Revenue model for Career Centres to ensure sustainability - Registration and Renewal of Registration fee from Employers & prospective Employees Placement fee from Employers & prospective Employees Advertisement revenues from Employers for ads on Digital interface of career centers as well as brick & mortar Canteen facility, Xerox and other utilities Commercial lease income from space above / below as applicable to other commercial establishments like Bank ATM, Food shops etc 
0 0 First we should generate the right jobs as per skills. One bakery wala and 1 normal shopkeeper earns more than a B-tech fresher ? The company's come to NCR region for college placements gives very less salary compare to what they offered in Karntaka's colleges and if you see cost of living in NCR and Bangalore both are same but NCR people works at very less package compare to Bangalore also growing opportunities are very less in NCR. 
0 0 I believe that an effective market place where everyone can find and post jobs should be created, using robust IT solution. Create a solution which will work like a stock market. 1. Employers will register and post their current future workforce needs with locations and skill sets along. 2. Government should enroll job seekers into the system and based on availability and future outlook skilling and job enrollment should be managed. This will help to gauge the demand and prepare the supply. 
0 0 sir like Village adaptation scheme by Our MLA's if our each educated govt officers adapt a school to encourage,inspire the rural students who never know what to achieve at the right time by telling their own journey of educational life isn't that will be sufficient enough to boost youth participation by the correct children's who actually knows what problems they are suffering in our India while having their education and than there will surely be a tough competition in all fields by all indian. 
0 0 friends, jis prkar ITI ME APNI RUCHI KE ANUSAR SKILL DEVELOPMENT KA COURSE KRTE H  KRNE KE BAD DIPLOMA MILTA H VESE HI PDAI KE SATH SATH 1 COURSE SKILL DEVELOPMENT KA COURSE REGULOUR KR DENA CHAHIYE 
1 1 Ten years back because of zero budget there were no recruitment in govt.sectors. Many females who were educated but not able to join anywhere.As per our surve teachers jobs are vacant in many schools in India. Females can guide and teach the kids than the male. Make any new policy and arrange open exam for females without any age limit. After examination and interview selection appoint the females whose age is more than35-40 years. Mother is a best teacher and friends.Open carrer option for all 
1 0 government should have data collected from District Industries centre of each district of state.As per the industries in  area vocational training centre should be established.their are areas were engineers available but no units for absorption of those qualified people.rural bpo and retail marketing should be done in areas where their is big potential for rural /semi urban population.minimum of training and maximum jobs. 
0 0 Firstly the improvement needs in the area of basic education system if the child got the right education with proper guidance from teachers he will learn better because if you see the difference between education from State board, education from CBSE Board and from International board. Written exam system should be replace by practicals and project works. The education system should be more practical. The student should know the things practically more than from the books.practical-70%.Theory30% 
1 0 jis prakar 9th class se science, commerece & art ki class hoti hai . usi prakar kisi bhi trade ki skill development ki Class honi chaiye. uski manyata highschool & Intermediate class ki tarah honi chaiye. 
0 0 OUR ITI Instititue manage as a IIT Institute . there are no problem to skilled worker. 
0 0 Baniya shop as all people of different strata goes there 
0 0 Career pursuance without skill & competence, is useless. Hence, in order to increase the skill & competence, we need to open the doors of industry to the people aspiring for jobs. Presently, our youths are in want of an opportunity to learn the skills & be competent. Our existing education system does not make them skilled. Hence in the existing schools & colleges, we should open the career centres equipped with such facilities at the basic level which can be absorbed by industry. 
0 0 from his note , i feel mr Srinivas Pannala has psychological problem. he may consult good Psychiatrist , as early as possible. with medicine , he will become all right 
0 0 Educational Institutes like College and schools are the best common centers for Career Centers. However, Institutions should be equipped with counselors. Unemployed youths needs a counsel. Later the information regarding exam patterns, filling application form (online), tips for interview should be considered. 
0 0 Dear Sir, This need to be completely own by Industries... As you're asking for Big Company to pay for CSR. Instead of that ask this companies Built Operate this center as per Industries Standard. For that we need proper documents what all they had to consider.. Area wise skill development program needs to be prepare. This center to be operate in each city. If anybody wants to learn certain thing they need to go to that center.For e.g anybody wants learn Bandhani Making they can go to that center 
0 0 Each school of a US university has a career centre but those employed their take salaries and dont do any work. 
0 0 Amma Please Review  Amma Vasu Ramagovinda 
1 0 A through analysis of a person personality, interest, his present skills and talent. Basis through this prepare him to work in area of his interest. Different agencies providing manpower to corporates should be involved in training by providing them with funds & infrastructure. Create community centres in villages and small towns by including government school & infrastructure. 
0 0 Amma Please Review Amma Vasu  Ramagovinda 
1 0 I believe that these centres should start with schools. Most schools do not have a basic career counselling facility or mentors. All the CBSE schools could be brought into the network where in they can share resources, best practices and ideas. Government could provide schools with some financial or other resources so set up the career centres in the school. If individual schools can't do it then a group of schools together can join hands for the same. Amit Khandelwal 
0 0 at least one central ministry, out of 70, be converted as 'ministry of business facilitation(MOBF)'. this MOBF should launch national campaign to train/support at least one crore youth every year on how to initiate business in MSME sector. it should also create regional centres at state capitals for placing all regulatory system of centre/state/local govt at one place and try to reduce/repeal those which are forcing potential entrepreneurs (and job creators) to become clerical job seekers. 
0 1 For the purpose of information about various programmes offered by Indian educational institutions, I have compiled a web site http://careergraphy, with available information.  The idea is to inform the student community about the opportunities that are available in India, for a better career. N.J.L. RAVI 9894581499 
1 0 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
0 0 Sir this is wonderful start to take ideas from crowd my suggestion is that we have many policies and plans in past but in real life these things are not reaching to real needed people in small towns or villages so sir make sure these sources reach to needy people aap har city toem mai training center kholo or logo to self employed banne or job ke liye tyare kerne ki training de like people who can do but can not afford degree in colleges they can tarin there free of cost and their skill can be 
0 0 or ek kaam or india mein sabse jayda unemloyment ka kaarn hai jo log army se airforce se school principal bank clerk retirement hote hai unhe khi bhi dowara job na dii jaaye na private sector mein na govt sector mein es se bhi jayda unemployment hai army retire person dowara govt job krta hai agr aisa hi chlta rahega toh yuva ko kha se jobs milegi is liye yeh system rok diya jaan chahiye 
0 0 fee hi li jaaye nd unhe kam se km 5 saal ki nisulk training dii jaye like electronic, mechanical,computer operator,welder, jo bhi kaam iti me sikhaye jaate hai woh sbhi nd other govt programs bhi or 5 saal mein wo student itna perfect ho jaaega saara kaam kr ke ki woh apna family or hr jrurt asaani se puri kr skta hai nd usey job ke liye yha wha ghumna nhi padega na other countries mein jaaney ki jrurt padegi 
0 0 sir career center ka mera toh yhi idea hai ki govt koi koi aisa plan krna chahiye jaise chotte bacho ko aanganwaadi mein bhja jatta hai usi trha ek aisi trainigs bhi honi chahiye jo bilkul free ho nd ye training 10th ya 8th class ke baad hi suru ho jaani chahiye jisme govt practically nd theory dono trha se study krwaey jis bhi line mein student jaana chahta hai usi mein unko training krwaayi jaaye jisme daily attendance report student working report marks nd es sbhi k liye only registeration 
0 0 we are yet to unable give power to crowd. we have divided them into caste and religion and at last we find if we do anything wrong for mass and better for our community then we are good person for our society.this mentality have develop most of our politician and INDIA have get her goal to give good education to everyone ,equality to every person and opportunity to every men and women to do better in his life.today people become selfcentric and think only about to himself...... 
1 0 Sir, Crowd From Capital of the State to Rural of State here I want to suggest Use policy of National Housing policy implemented by sourcing M'NREGA on Even Distribution of Work of Construction of LIG Houses in Rural By Using Local Natural Sources & Local Skill, Semi Skill Employee under Enter premiership of Civil Diploma & Engg. Graduate by schematic development under Control & Supervision of Local M.P. by Using there allotted Fund & Fund in Housing Development & M'NREGA, Fund in 5 Year Plan. 
0 0 sir pahle main janana chahta hu ye aajivika kendr kya hai? kya ye koi traning center hai ya koi loan denewala dept. jo koi udhyog k liye diya jayega ya koi esa center hai jaha pr sidhe jo koi person jaye use uske hunar k mutabik sidhe koi kaam dediya jayega sir mere or kafi or logon k abhi exam chal rahe hai or vo aprox. 15may ko end honge agar ye prtiyogita sari ki sari ka date extand kr de to aapko sabhi jagha se behtaren se behtaren sujhav milenge jisme m b hissa lunga mere pas idea ka khjana 
0 0 Till now the focus of career related programs and activities is on well educated or skilled persons, but we have a major junk of uneducated, little educated & unskilled people. They also need employment. The career centers must also pay attention to them and arrange for very short term training of one day to a week duration (ex. training of mason, floor-polishing, wall-painting,packing, re-packing, etc.)so that they can get better and round the year employment or self-employment. 
0 0 #Career Centres Further, the scope and ambit of examinations conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) should be expanded. Currently there is no direct opening for central government jobs for law graduates as no All India Level Examination is conducted by UPSC for law graduates on the likes of IAS, IES, IFoS etc. This should be taken into account. 
0 0 Besides inviting ideas for career centres and also inviting applications for registration of job seekers, the government should ensure fairness and transparency in examinations conducted by State Public Service Commission and also ensure that they are conducted in a time bound manner. It would be better if instead of registration of job seekers at proposed career centres, jobs are provided to the youth by conducting examinations by public service commissions in a fair manner. 
1 0 Dear PM Sir , Please Ban on Casteism . Nobody can write cast in exam and publically . 1. It will help improvement in corruption in exam . You can see history of UP governance . 2. It will stop casteism politics and party will work for Development . 3. It will improve unity of nation . 4. It will improve marriage in other caste . 5. It will stop ethnic conflicts in India . 6. It will stop untouchability in India . 7. It will stop politics on demand of reservation in India …..continue 
0 0 Dear PM sir, For Smart City we can develop proper system in All Infrastructures, Human Resources, Industries, Technologies, Educations,Health and Medical, Banking and Finance, Retails, Tourism and Heritage Places, Art and Culture, Natural Resources Utilization.Crores of Jobs creates around the India in Smart Cities.Lakhs of People may want to become business persons in Smart Cities.Lakhs of Crore Rupees of money generates to state and central government in every year 
2 0 Sir why not we plan something like milk production and development park in India. Like industrial unit.We desperately need one more Milk revolution.We can't afford milk Rs60-70 /liter.Also we need to eliminate artificial milk business completely from this country.    Please see the attachment....... #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov 
1 0 Sri.Modiji......what are the drawbacks of BSF so that you are not granting any welfare to us ??? In what respect do BSF is less than armed force so that we are always consired less than armed force in all respect. We all BSF have hope on you that you will make us equal to armed forces in all respect especially in welfares. We will be hoping that you will grant the BSF members the fecility of CSD and make us equal to army personnels as soon as possible..... 
0 0 Please find the attachment 
0 1 Modji.. My suggestion is that there should be special school and colleges for transsexual or transgender. They should given equal right for education. let them get educated and let them come to main stream. They don't need to live like underprivileged. Every single one success will lead to our India progress. 
0 0 trial employment - is best policy for remove unemployment and make knowledge and knowledge make money (anyhow) 
0 0 Our Nation need massive level rural employment.but we are still lagging because of corruption.Like us Prof Ready to work for our nation.We are having one beautiful idea,our Project generates a sustainable enterprise for a set of unemployed rural youths to increase their economic potential and contributing towards socio economic development in the country.Our proposal closely supports the theme of ‘SWACHH BHARATH MISSION’ and ‘MAKE IN INDIA’ plans. if u permit,We are ready to work on it. 
0 0 our Idea will increase Revenue and to ensure sustainability.Respected Sir, [We are working as a professors] our Project proposal generates a sustainable enterprise for a set of unemployed rural youths to increase their economic potential and contributing towards socio economic development in the country. For every enterprise around 25 persons are required and these modules of enterprises can be set up in every ten Villages. India has got 6.5 lakhs of Villages to generate 65,000 enterprises 
1 0 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
0 0 Medical entrence test must held only one all india basis.no pc allow take seperate exm 
0 0 there should be arrangement of contact no. so that the common man could get exact information of their interested area(skill) instead of going to internet. 
0 0 For kind attention of the PM, ministers/MPs. Kindly read my book "India's Unique Transformation Programme" presenting a magnificent,  advanced, comprehensive and progressive transformation programme for India with solutions, formulae, techniques, processes, strategy, etc. to move India in the top 10 of the UN Human Development Index. You should implement the transformation programme presented in the book. http://www.gyanbooks.com/index.php?p=sr&Uc=9789351281221&l=0, publisher www.gyanbooks.com) 
0 0 In every private or gov manufacturing companies govt should focus on internship program by giving some aid or facilities ,the companies should be ask stictly to give training of atleast one year to untrained youth ,iti ,btech and any student ,i know there is govt program already  but not implemented as the small firm ,do not get any monetary help from government.we aholud have courage to accept the truth .govt policies are not ipmlemented easily as ,lot of rules and regulations are there. 
0 0 IF WE WANT TO INCREASE CAREER CENTRES, GOVT SHOULD PROVIDE FACILITY TO MIDDLE CLASS FAMILY SO THAT THEY CAN EASILY GET LOAN FOR OPENING A BUSINESS OR ORGANISATIONS BECAUSE MIDDLE CLASS FAMILY DOES NOT HAVE THAT MUCH OF MONEY , AND THEY DONT EVEN TRUST ON THEIR SON  SO THAT THEY ARRANGE THE MONEY FOR THEM, IF BANKS WILL PROVIDE THEM WITH LOAN IN LESSER INTEREST RATES OR WITH LESSER TERMS OR CONDITIONS SO THEY CAN ARRANGE CAPITAL FOR OPENING A NEW BUSINESS( CAREER CENTRES). 
0 0 Career centres shall concentrate on  demand oriented ,revenue oriented industries viz  IT ,HEALTH CARE  and also industries in which  engaging plenty of manpower   which is todays need of our country 
0 0 We look forward to lend a helping hand to govt. if they wish to hire agency to liaison with organised sectors to recruit professionals passing out from engineering, vocational training & ITI. 
1 0 Career Centres should provide three basic facilities: Skill Mapping, Skill generation & placements.  We see Skill training is already been implemented both by govt. nd pvt. sector and lot of students are passing out of engineering, ITI & vocational training. Challenge is how nd where to place them which offers them decent employment with dignity in society.  I work with Rangrut which provide placement solutions to these institutes by providing Central Placement Cell in Metros & Big Cities. 
0 0 sir aap ke mantri ji se koi aam janta mile ka time mange to nahi milta hai, aur sambandhit office me caal karo to phon chalu hi rahta hai aur awaj aana band ho jata hai?????????? 
0 0 lot of IT skills training institutes are needed. The #Career Centre need to equip virtual learning. The #MinistryofLabourandEmployment need to be identify the skill sets required for this purpose. Need for involving global technical vouluntaries. 
0 0 Skills india teg line 
1 0 There is lot of talent in the periphery of India than in the capital of India alone.What we lack is the right environment and right infrastructure to support the talent. I am trying to start an Internet Marketing company in Ballia but the way Government functions is something that puts me off from approaching them for the help. We should make centers in Villages of promote IT services amongst them but the infrastructure is not conducive as of now along with the mindset of the people. 
0 0 Do something  for cyber system . give training in cyber system and also provide the environment to grow up. their are lot of empowerment in india in the field of computers but they dont have any right direction to do. 
1 0 Our efforts of career planning has great impact on students and parents. Here is a video with testimonials.#CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIHws9R38xQ 
2 0 Dheya.com (my company) has been working on the #CareerCentre project since 2005. We have developed technology driven assessments tools, processes and programs to help students in scientific career planning with a focus on occupations (work life) as an outcome of educational efforts. We have presented a plan to govt of Mah to set up career hubs in each block and career cells in each school to ensure each student has a career plan also also earn revenue for the govt and yet be free for the needy. 
1 0 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
0 0 SIR I GAVE YOU A COMPANY DETAIL THAT INVOLVE IN TAX EVASION . INTER OCCEAN VIDESH LIMITED, DIRECTOR- MANORANJAN ROY, SUNITA SAMAL,AND DILIP JAIN. BUT ACTUAL WORK DONE BY MR. NIRAJ JAIN. WO TAX KA CHORI F.Y 2012,2013 AND 2014 MAI ALMOST 15 CRORES KA KIYA HAI.NIRAJ JAIN MOBILE NO-9874520916. PLY KEPT MY IDENTITY SEC RITE. 
0 0 Salary of mnrega employee should be increased to get better tranparancy in this cheme 
45 0 #NSC Name:EmpowerIndia Caption:Empowerment Through Employment An integrated portal that covers end to end employment requirement across the domain and sector. An revenue based model to sustain and maintain the application & the service centre. Application has 6 major actors/entities viz., Job Seeker, Employer, Academics, Entrepreneurs, Financial Institutes, Advisory Panel. Each entities will have more specific actors & roles. Check the document for detailed design & functional specification. 
0 0 It will remain as a rhetoric only unless India dismantles the redundant structure of Governance and brings accountability for the perpetration of 'failed states'. India's enemy unmanaged democracy (freedom without responsibility); 'for profit' freewheeled media and a redundant constitution (designed only to carry the legacy of colonial imperialism). India need 'helmsman' not 'statesman' to bring the visible and perceptible changes in the lives of the majority of Indians. 
0 0 It will remain as a myth only unless India dismantles the redundant structure of Governance and brings accountability for the perpetration of 'failed states'. India's enemy unmanaged democracy (freedom without responsibility); 'for profit' freewheeled media and a redundant constitution (designed only to carry the legacy of colonial imperialism). India need 'helmsman' not 'statesman' to bring the visible and perceptible changes in the lives of the majority of Indians. 
1 0 Increase salaries of teachers and facilities/subsidies for already existing government schools..give incentives/subsidies/schemes to those students joining the schools...strengthen the moral and ethics of children..provide more vocational schools...introduce better and more KGBV in every block...after this, link vocational schools with government training institutes, which will increase the skilled workers 
0 0 RATTAFICATION OR CRAMMING IN TODAYS CHILDREN IS COMPLETELY DIMNISHED.... WE SHOULD OPT FOR SOMTHING TECHNICAL, PROFESSIONAL, MANAGEMENT, OR PRACTICAL....... 
2 0 ONLY WAY TO MAKE PEOPLE EDUCATE TO GET A JOB IS TO IMPROVE THE BASIC KNOWLEDGE OF STUDENTS.... THEY SHOULD BE TOUGHT SOME THING RELATED TO TECHNICAL FIELD OR MANAGEMENT FIELD SO THAT THEY CAN FURTHER OPEN BUINESS OR ORGANISATIONS WHICH WOULD HELP IN CREATING JOBS FOR OTHERS AND EVEN BREAK MONOPOLY MARKET WHICH WOULD LEAD TO DECREASE IN PRICE OF MONOPOLY PRODUCTS ......IN SCHOOL LIFE , THEY SHOULD BE TOUGHT SOME PROFFESIONAL OR TECNICAL KNOWLEDGE.... THANKU 
0 0 1st stop the corruption in education. Today all schools of Mumbai and vasai-virar they are taking Donations more then 30000 for KG admission, how we will educate our children. Many 90% schools are corrupt... Many users of this group also paid donations.... If any one from government reading this post kindly reply we need government Help .... Otherwise I will do some action as a common man. Please do something against school donations... I am with you... 
0 0 1st stop the corruption in education. Today all schools of Mumbai and vasai-virar they are taking Donations more then 30000 for KG admission, how we will educate our children. Many 90% schools are corrupt... Many users of this group also paid donations.... If any one from government reading this post kindly reply we need government Help .... Otherwise I will do some action as a common man. Please do something against school donations... I am with you... 
0 0 Introducing new educational system enable the teachers to find the born talent of  kids and their keen interest field rather than compel to study ready made books and guides.  Hope it can develop the kids inner talent and to achieve ability to stand themselves and they can help to the nation as strong before 
0 0 Government should Change the System of our education Like Gurukul. Cause there is so many mistakes are in this education system. There is so many students in Idia who can end their own Lives. Government should also create new scheme for these Failure Students. 
1 0 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
0 0 I worked as Consultant-ESDM in Department of Electronics and IT.I wish to update you about the DIFFERENCE IN PAYMENT TO ME AS PER THE CONTRACT AGREEMENT at DEITY.I signed contract agreement on 3rd Mar 2014 of 12 months to work 22 days a month and would be paid Rs.75000 per month.I worked 8 hours daily as expected from us.But the payment was not done..I my wife my daughter are suffering very much.Pls give us some relief by due payment.I hereby claim the amount as per the working days-Rs.137969 
0 0 It would be better idea to bring all foreign reputed university in india for joint partipation , it would be very fast transition like carneige mellon, havard, and many other universities 
0 0 CC has to establish itself at the roots-SCHOOLS-to cater to the need and expectations of various courses. A full-proof plan must be developed and implemented to Guide Schhol Kids into right direction and by this manner CC can control Over crowding of a particular domain as it happens with IT. We need TEACHERS-bt we don't hv people who r skilled and willing to take this career. CC needs to take priority-not to create Resources who are robots-bt Bring those who have empathy and expertise. 
0 0 Career Canters must be empowered to Recommend the Eligible candidates to good jobs and to Training for Jobs as well. This must be left to become the old-not successful-Employment Office-where more concern was on the monthly allowance of being unemployed. The Career Canter should be Skilled enough to get Connected with Public. Along with Providing Job Opportunities, it must be available for Employability Enhancement Training. The PSUs and other Govt Aided organisations should hire through CC. 
0 0 Career canter should be focussed on entrepreneurship development and not for employment generation. There is huge scope in India. 
1 0 Career Center should be Project Oriented.I mean to say that there should be different option available and for each option the process should be to complete project within the deadline and its evaluation in the sense how will it help to make life easier. 
0 0 At school level the career building and guidance cell be created under direct supervision of Principal/Management. All students of primary/middle and high +2 be registered with their choice/aim to bein life. Serving/Retired senior officers from govt., corporate, buissness houses of local area, agriculturist etc be invited to give talk/guidence. NCC be made compulsory uoto 10+2. Sports Authority of India should ensure conducting of state/dist/ inter school sportsmeet to get good sports man. 
1 0 First the youth should choose proper aim in building career in life.The career center should contain  job portal and also  various skill development programs. Career center should give proper direction in build career for all level of youth 
1 0 We must encourage entrepreneur then just making skill full people. We should open international market for our products (even developed by a very poor person). 
1 0 People want to work but either not aware or do not want to take risk. Govt. Should check availability of free labour through narega and should make available tenders to companies for availability of cheap labour which they can use of. This will add to productivity of narega people who just play cards and get payment for minimum wages under mnarega. These free mnarega people could be migrated to nearby tehsil and utilised to do sone productive work.Even the fake mnarega registration would decline 
0 1 You must hire only corporate sector employees with wide experience as a mandate process on contractual basis without discrimination. 
1 0 Its time that the Anganwadi Centers are combined with Creche Centers in rural areas also. This will generate a newer stream of employment opportunities for educated rural girls. 
2 0 Hon`ble Sir, we are facing lots of issue regarding blood bank donation card, i donate regularly some different kind  organisations like Blood Connect or rotary and Aiims but when i need blood i have to search doner as they only entertain  there donner card like Aiim accept only aiims Card and fortis also accept fortis card. there should be one authority issuing this card which is acceptable by all  the blood banks like private and government hospital. Pls. look into it. Thanks 
1 0 Sir hamare desh main bahot sari ladkiyan h jinke jiwan ka kuch lakshya h lekin kuch choti choti karano k chalte unhe unke sapne ko pura krne main kafi dikkat hoti h.Mujhe khud apne lakhsya ko pana bada muskil lagta h.Main competitive exams deti hu lekin mere home town yahan tak k pure district main ek bhi exam center na hone k karan mujhe aksar ranchi jana padta h jo k mere liye is kharch ko afford karna bada hi muskil ho jata h to plz.kuch or exam center badhae jae taki bachon ko pareshani na h 
1 0 The grander Living Water systems do not use chemicals or electricity or batteries and are designed for long working life. Units are portable and operation involves immersing in the water body or connecting to a water pipe.Because of its natural working design , this is a sustainable solution for the rural people and at the same time generating positive rural employment. Sir, please take a pause and think of the immense benefit it can provide. Results of the technology are there for all to see. 
3 0 Sir, Hamare desh jo chal raha hai sc,st,obc valo ko reservation milta hai chahe vo kitne amir kyu ho lekin yeh galat bat hai,jo garib hai use hi resrevation seat pe admission milna chahiye chahe vo general me kyu ho,admission in college school base on income of the parent not based on the cast.Due cast so may student face the problem to get admission in good colleges and school. 
1 0 In my earlier post I mentioned Grander technology. what is Grander technology.It is an Austrian technology and the site can be accessed at www.grander.com ,Water is life, yet we know so little of it. Grander makes it possible to understand water in a new light. Water as a medium for transfer of information (bio signal). Without this it would be impossible to sustain life. My own experiences and conviction with this technology lead me to conclude it can provide immensely to the welfare of india. 
0 0 Just as the PM suggested soil testing for increasing agro yield as a career option for the rural youth. On the same line I would suggest entrusting local youth with "Grander Living Water System" for revitalizing the water, be it pond water,bore well canal water or piped water. The revitalized water will help in promoting better health for people as well as livestock, improve the quality and yield of agroproducts and finally the revitalized water goes back to nature and improves environment 
2 0 As all know there are reservation categories at every steps of Indian life, even the noble profession HEALTH SCIENCE, MAHARASHTRA has 53% category reservation, above MARATWADA, VIDARBHA reservation. Then (my knowledge) why there is no such reservation in LOK SABHA, RAJYA SABHA & STATES VIDHAN SABHA why??? why???? why???????. Respected, P.M. Mr Narendra Damodar Modi Sir Pl. can you give reasons. 
3 0 We have stepped in 68th year of independence but our Indian baniya mind is way back in the 19th century. Why are the children of today punished for the deeds of their fore grandfather. The Knowledgeable & able are left for boot polish & the privileged reserved category unable clout the growth. How long the reservation category carry on........... 
0 0 Honourable Finance Minister has provided for an additional Rs 50000 to be invested in NPS schemes as budget provisons for 2015-16 for tax benefits under sec 80 c. NPS has been around for almost 10 years now , but is has not seen any traction in the investors. I would hereby request you to allow the Individuals  to also sell NPS schemes. It would help in skill development and also make more individuals self reliant and provide a source of income 
2 0 Work from home government jobs can help in utilizing experience women professionals who take career break to take care of their kids like me. 
1 0 www.knowledgekin.com Vision - Create green Remote Development Centers (knowledge nucleus) through mushrooming of self-contained urban villages (kinship) - Society with technological advancement & environmental intelligence - Small clusters with comforts of an ultra-modern cradle in a green space - Minimal transportation,lesser carbon-footprint - Better world for future generations - Secured open park huts catering to all companies in the same community - Mushrooming of green habitats 
0 0 All We have to do is nothing......just digitalise the employement office....and see the wondors.....make an app for for employement office...all the info or biodata of all should go to employment office through college directly after session ends.. ....all the recruitment(contractual,staff,company role) only done at career centers or employment office.......adhaar no is a mandatory tool to manage it....  private job sites(naukri.com)once be viewd we cn learn frm it how to store data in emp.offc 
0 0 Sir hamare desh me jo vyakti ek bar arakshan ka labh le chuka hai wah apne bchho ko achhi siksha de sakta h aur ab uske ane wali pidi ko iski awasyakta nahi hoti, atah yadi sc avam st me bhi crimilayer ho tab jinhe arakshan ki sach me avashyakta h unhe iska labh mil payega,kyoki ab jo vyaki ias h ya koi milionare h uske bche arakshan ka labh le rhe h aur jo hmara  aur general varga me bhi jo ati yarib varga h unhe seat nahi chahoye unhe sirf financial arakshan milna chahiye we b jaruraymand hai. 
0 0 First there is need to develop employability in our unprofesional cources like ba bsc even engineers are not ready to do anything, so first need is to make our educated youth employable, we can attach skill development in school education, the student who can not study will learn some skill like carpentry, motor mechanic, pipe fitting, or some computer course, and we can attach these in collage level to make our youth employable, now they are not ready for anything even after master degree they 
1 0 #NationalCareerService= CCC Click-Connect-Carrer 1.All the citizen can be connected and upload the resume. 2.Mobile app for users 3.Fresh Recruiters 4.Skilled 5.Part time Job 6.loan Process 7.Website and App both should have Languages of India 8.Simplicity should be there 9.Create your own career (for freshers who are looking for Start Up) 10. Subscribe through Email 
2 0 #NSC, All the employment exchanges at each districts, should be connected, and there should be a mobile APP for users to register and upload their CV. There must be a clause in the bank loan process, where, the companies, which are taking loan from banks for business purpose, must recruit a fresh candidate from employment exchange. Becoz, they are getting loans only to expand their business. So, while they are expanding, they must recruit new talent. It can be made as a law as well. 
0 0 Career centre should be job hub which should be similar to HR Consulting firm. This should act as resource center for any need from the Government or any of its departments. It should even accommodate managing outsourced projects from any departments. This should act as one resource pool to fulfill the needs of all the government departments. 
2 0 Career Centers may contains the following: 1. Work from home jobs like artifact center where people can make artifacts and supply to markets via government. Advantage is we can reduce unemployment , women safety, government also make some profit. A simple Mobile Application can be created for secure transaction. 2.Part time jobs for college students . 3.Plant a Herbal tree for healthy India. 
0 0 According to me a career centre should be formed in each district connected with Employment Exchange. Career centres should aware youths about various job oriented training as well as job vacancies,application forms,etc.It should act as inter mediate between employer and job aspirants 
1 0 Suggestion that Govt take out full page ad in early April FY 2015 Modi Sarkar Report Card Three columns FY2015 Per Year avg,  UPAII,  % Improvement About twenty rows like GDP growth, % Inflation, Number of New Bank Accounts, Number of Direct Benefit Transfer Receipts, Coal mine auction receipts, Spectrum Auction receipts, % change in Sensex, Divestment receipts, KWH consumed, New Roads, Defence expenditure, Countries visited by PM, Swach Bharat Toilets set up etc 
0 0 make one city for career as " career city " wherein thousands of opportunity of career would be available 
3 0 Career centre is assumed as training/counselling centres -Job Portal for Government Jobs -Common certificate program for all the career centres -Career centres can be opened in merchandise mode. A detailed,transparent procedure/mechanism to start career centre. This should further make entrepreneurs and jobs in turn -At least one career centre in a radius for 50/100 KM -Career Centres can/cannot be different for different domains. 
3 0 Make AADHAAR number is must for every citizen of India. Once the AADHAAR number is provided to all the Supreme Court also may support this.If possible a separate ministry may be formed to provide this. Because we can do wonders with AADHAAR number. Immediately the Government may introduce the submission of AADHAAR number in all private and government offices. This is the one and only way to reduce the corruption and all sorts of criminal and illegal activities in India.GOOD LUCK MODIJI. 
1 0 Mr modi. if we want any success in career. just follow the following steps. 1-direct part time placement after completing +2 or 10th standard #CareerCentre 
1 0 To effective utilize existing infrastructure, an effective centralized career management policy is needed to provide career advise from birth to parents by hospitals, school when kids are admitted to Ist class, 9th Class, 11th Class and after 12th board exam. College and Corporate on yearly basis till the age of 30. This entire activity need to be digitized from beginning to allow parents and kids to see how their career is moving ahead. All schools and colleges should be profiled with ratings. 
0 0 घोषणा पत्र फिर से पढो। 
0 0 There should not be special reserved seats for any 1 all of them should get opportunities on the basis of their merits 
0 0 भूमि बील जल्द पास हो तो आप मेरे कृषि सुझावो को लागू करो। 
0 0 मुझे अपना ईमेल 8898963674 पर भेजे मै आपको कई सुझाव दूँगा, कृषि, गुनाह, लायसंस, बचत, उद्योग, वगैरा 
0 0 PPT - People Process and Technology People - Trained hand though the Skill based training aligned to need of the Industries , introduce R&R reward and recognition program to encourage individual or groups Process – Design Simple based on 6 Sigma, easy for everyone to understand can be translated into different Indian languages, Technology:  Latest in line with the Industry needs, subsidized for the new entrepreneur.  Fullest use of the IT , Setting up of e-governance 
1 0 Respected sir, in west bengal there is no such organization for the IAS & IPS traininng purpose. so students from this state dont get proper guidance for cracking the IAS IPS.the few institution are here,but they charge higher for the course,pls look after in this issue and arrange any govt institution for students.thanks @regards. 
1 0 Government employees do not perform because there is no incentive attached to performance. Their salary increse is unjustified too. There is no gaurantee that they are of good moral character either, as is evident from the level of corruption in the country. There should be provisions to fire non-performing employees from a critical jobs such as government, without which no government can say that they are doing justice to the people of this country. 
0 0 Hi.. India is in developing stage, We have good number of youth populantion,  it means we can have that kind of skills and technologies where we can upgrade our systems this level to upper level but for this we required enough number of experienced person who can provide us proper path... If we can locate some government experienced authorities in every local urban and rural areas definitely I am much sure that with in 2 - 3 Years you will fine some changes in our youth peoples. Sanjay Jaiswal 
0 0 India's private sector is doing great since many years, but the govt sector isn't as good at all. All govt-only offices should be made semi-private and semi-govt, so as to reduce corruption, improve work efficiency and improve profitability of government run companies/offices. There is no means to complain against any govt official or procedure, as the regional RTI is not online yet. #Privatization 
3 0 Sir,hum general catagories walo ne kya galti ki jo vacancies me itna galt behave kiya jata hai 
0 0 sir aap transparency ki bat karte hai railway bharti bord me bhi transparency lane ka bhi koi vichar hai............. 
0 0 My List: - Incubation (Start-Up) Centre - 3D Printing and PCB Fabrication Centre - Digitization and Data Processing Centre (Development Aspects) - Tourism Development Centre (Cooking, Maintenance, Fine-Arts, Languages, Customer Support, Vendor Management) 
0 0 My suggestion to #NationalCareerService #NSC #MinistryofLabourandEmployment #MyGov is, To implement #NationalCareerServiceProject, visit the unemployee or college and - Ask person, which field he/she interested in! Because once a student passes out from SSC or 10th his/her #CareerCentre starts. - Counsel each & every individual through help of teachers/parents & suggest/train them towards their #Career until he/she finds their key to the doorway. Regards, Zia. 
0 0 West Bengal is a state of rich culture. Its a request to enhance its florishment 
0 0 Good morning sir,I'm a agriculture student from MP Sir MP me Ag University ki kami hai there are Many ag student but there are only 2  agriculture university & some Ag college's. Sir we would love to say that , Ag University be opened   else in MP, its our need Thank you sir & please Reply 
0 0 Kisano k baare m ouch to krooo.... 
0 0 we heard that in upcoming year there will be huge vacancy in bank sector.. bt the age limit of these bank exam is 28 years for general candidate and other govt exam like rail ias etc is 30 or some case 30+ for general candidate.. so plz doing the age limit of these bank exam like ibps clerk sbi clerk from 28 to 30.plz sir plz. please sir help us . we want just one or two chance in our life for giving this exam as we already exceed 28 years. please help us . 
0 0 Sir read this pdf  file 
0 0 Using Multiple intelligence theory, Benefits are: You may come to regard intellectual ability more broadly. Drawing a picture, composing, or listening to music, watching a performance -- these activities can be a vital door to learning -- as important as writing and mathematics. Studies show that many students who perform poorly on traditional tests are turned on to learning when classroom experiences incorporate artistic, athletic, and musical activity 
0 0 या रंगा सियार भी कह सकते हैं, चरण चुंबन कर पुनः सत्ता पर अपना अधिकार जमा बैठे हैं और जो राष्ट्र भक्त इनके कुकर्मों का विरोध कर रहे थे उन्हें ठिकाने लगाने का काम कर रहे हैं। समय रहते विचार करें। धन्यवाद। 
0 0 मा. मोदी जी अगर अपने घर परिवार में खुशिहाली नहीं होगी तो दुनिया में चाहे जितनी शोहरत मिल जाये सब बेकार साबित होती है। जिस आशा और विश्वाश के साथ देश की जनता ने सत्ता परिवर्तन कर आप पर भरोसा किया वह टूटता हुआ नजर आ रहा है। शासन सत्ता पर लाल फीता शाही/ब्यूरोशाही हाबी होती जा रही है। देश के बुद्धिजीवी समाज के लोगों का कहना है कि जो लोग पिछली सरकार में देश को लूटने, समाज को तोड़ने, नीतियों को तोड़ मरोड़ कर जनता का शोषण करते रहे हैं वे ही लोग सत्ता परिवर्तन होते ही भीगी बिल्ली बन गए या रंगा सियार भी कह 
1 0 There are different types of intelligent tests and aptitude test....use them and find where the natural talent of the individual lies in....after that you may go for career centers or training centres 
0 0 govt machinary is failed only ngo's can do best work in this field.but not big only new and small ngo's......so short fundings for small/new ngo's. 
0 0 Sir,please increase the job vacancies in our state which is below under the lowest rank which is west-bengal.I am always with you but you are not supporting us you have told us that young guys will get employment but still it is not done so far. 
0 0 Sir gramin kshetra me rojgar ke liye Gobar gas me chhotey plant lgakr gas ko use kiya jaye aur uski waist se jaivik khad bnayi jaye. Aur saste price m kisano ko supply kro 
0 0 sir,i am BTech engineer in production engineering which is equivalent to mechanical engineering but companies are not preferring me please do something.I have studied almost all the subjects that mechanical students do then don't understand why recruiters are not looking at me. There are so many engineering fields like this. 
0 0 sir do something for the people or organisation like JCILPS in manipur who tells non locals in manipur as outsider,migrants etc.and doing lot of things to feel that we should return to our own native place.sir why this type of activities is happen today where our right to freedom gone.sir plz do today something or tommorrow will be too late for us 
0 0 Namaste;We need a centralized online carrier center with a strong link with all state and messaging system  to the beneficiary.It should have all types of carrier opportunity registration facility. 
0 0 hi sir am BE student..stil jobless in  this society...pl do somethg for students in india...try to avoid unemployment in our country.. 
1 0 Sir first you give answer that what are u doing for general boys candidate.because u want to increas reservation upto 80% 
0 0 sahari kachara va manav mal and krishi va pasuon (catel)ke gobar uri aadi ke dwara orgenic khad va urja ka bahut bada hab  ban sakata hai eske dwara urja mai atanm nirbharta va orgenic khad svyam ke allawa bhavisya mai niryat bhi kar sakte hai jo videshi mudra arjit karne ka jariya bhi ban sakta hai  thanks 
0 0 To Create a Employment Exchange with Bellow facilties: 1.Job Seeker option 2.Employer Area 3.Career Option 4.Job Vacancy Option 
0 0 Dear Sir, our country needs  reforms at the village level and taluka level ,we can get a change …we need a team which will work on a theme ‘’education with a purpose’’,which includes worksheets ,project work ,learning to acquire knowledge , environment and student , games for strong India , special programs for the development of girl child etc… I would be a part to get a change in the country for a strong India , but I need help from you to make the dream come true.        Mandakini 
0 0 gramino dwara utpadit product orgenic pro.,cotan pro.,pruit pro.,sugarcan pro.,orgenic khad,ayurved medicin,grain pro.(bekari aadi)flower,bansh pro.aadi anek binai,kadhai,hathkardha pro.mitti ke pro.aadi  ki world ke kone kone me marketing ke liye bhartiyudhyog sangh ya sfac aadi ko age ana hoga                                            ummed hai app eas bare mai jarur sochenge 
0 0 Employment Exchange needs complete refinement/makeover. Not just government jobs, even details of private jobs and international jobs should be made available in employment exchanges. Even international companies should be able to access details of talent pool available in India, so that they can consider Indian youth also for interviews/tests. These are complex ideas but will definitely provide more channels to provide jobs for Indian unemployed youths 
0 0 shri man ji har eak village mai koi bhi krishi adharit udhyog asani se chalaya jasakta hai eske dwara dramin udhar va MAKE IN INDIA ka sapna bhi pura ho sakata hai eske liye dhan (1) bank age aae (2)MANTRI,sansad,vidhayak,neta aadi kuch villages ko angikirat kar sakte hai (3)gov. pvt.adhikari va karam chari villages ko angikirat kare(4)kishan uddhar namak koi kishan vikash patra jeshi akarsak rate of itrest aadi ki suvidha sahit yojana banakar 
0 0 mangment me ajj bhi hame puri defination study karvi ja rahi he hame hamari defination banane ka moka cahiye mangment me fredom hona chiye ki hum keh sake hamre mutabit mangment kya he sbhi log 1 hi event ko 50 tari ko se manag kar sakte he lekin hume to 2-3 logo ki defination me atka ke rakha hu he 
0 0 NSDC should empower the organization whom they are funding under NSDC scheme to issue certificate of skills to those technicians who have worked for more than six months in these organisations. 
1 0 mr.prime minister i am a mangment student but i am not happy with equcation system becuse mangment student is not frideem we study old theories like Marshall and feyol we deed fredom for creat our defunation about mangment with out this fredom we can not devlop our skills we study old definatins but today situation is differnt so please change this education system 
0 0 The website should provide exhaustively the employment opportunities in defence sector inclusive of military, air force and in the Navy. 
0 0 plse change the education system of our  india 
0 0 sir I want to say that  I am from agra  sir aap ne traffic rule law banaye hai lekin people do not follow him  and the traffic police kuch nhi karti or apne bikes pr baith kr logo se talk krti hai  agar koi seedha sadha admi ja rha hoga use pakad kr paise maag thi  hai sir hum ne aap ko apna prime minister iss liye banaya hai kui  hume vishvas tha ki aap kuch hamare desh me me janta hu ki aap hamare desh me develop kr rhe hai plse is ko bhi develop kijie thank you mujhe asha hai ki appkuch kr 
0 0 shri man modi ji village mai andhviswash,bhagyabad,jhad phukh semit bichardhara adi ki jagah atamviawash se bhare sanskriti puran vichardhara ke dwara unmai app nai urja ka sanchar kar sakte hai eske lie app ya to koi yatra nikale ya man ki bat jase anek kary kiramo ka sahara le sakte hai eski vises jarurat hai maine syam ehsas kiya hai         thanks 
1 0 PM sir There is a need to form two authorities taking help of big NGOs like TaTa, premji, narain murty or so which manage - manpower of the Nation in the same way as you are managing DBTL. 2. Form a urban n industrial land management Authorities who will ensure vacant n unused land lying in urban n industrial area which was purchased by one but never used for production or for residence. If it is done no need of further acquisition of land for this purpose. I may give more details if I am call 
1 0 Shri man Narendra modi ji pryminister Bharat sarkar SHRI man gramin bharat energy ki polution mukt khan hai eskitaraf thoda sa bhi dhyan diyajaye to rojgar va energy mai atamnirbharta ke anekon dwar khole ja sakte hai jese bio gas,ethenol,bio dijester, bio diseldisel (jatropha cultivation)aadi 
1 0 Sir I am of the opinion that all problems are because of population n no one after Indira Gandhi touched it while as of now most of people understand n know effect of it. Pm should take a lead to address the same. Every solution will come out if we address it. 2 there is need to provide work to every one which will increase national productivity n ultimately to GDP. Thousands of laborers comes at identified city choraha but only 50% get work and average 50% days goes waste n spent without woKr 
0 0 sir,agar hmari school or education system ko correct karna hai to every gov employee Mps and  MLa, sarpanch or Gov benefit lene wale person ka boys and girls gov. school me padhe yah law ho..yah class 1 To 10th lagu kare. 
2 0 As per my view, steps should be taken in the area of education.Strict policy must be implemented from the process of admission to the nursery class to higher education. Every sector should be made technosavy and from the initial years the child should be taught to use the computers. The burden of the books should be reduced. It is a high time to change in the curriculum framework and National Policy Of Education. Its a need of an hour. 
0 0 I think Resources are limited in our country as compared with Population. our main Problem is with population. if we control our population then everyone should get opportunity to get educate and get good job.why any one politicians or famous personalities never talk about controlling population. about Education system mainly politicians opened their colleges and approved them by  use of their political contacts. so their should be a one body which includes bureaucrats and members. 
0 0 Let us open up volunteers to participate to enable upload resume of applicants and also to contact right employers. In the website, there should be both job seeking people and job providers. It should be updated every five minutes. 
0 0 There should be on platform where employers can post their openings & employees can search as per their preference city & their own qualifications, like its in Job portal. All should register them selves for reducing rush and easy system maintenance. I'm in HR field, so i get so many calls & walk in, but feel sorry for not able to help. For people like me searching suitable candidate & also putting my profile on board will help both ways & a platform for job hunt.#Careercentre. 
0 0 plz change the education system of India then only our country will become innovative. 
0 0 Improve the education system of our Nation and create more job opportunities. The rest of the things will improve automatically. Education will improve mentality of the people and job opportunities will stop corruption in our Nation. 
0 0 Stop Corruption 
1 0 Govt should start recruitment agencies in all states like Philippines. So they can do all national and overseas recruitments with a feasible charges. 
1 0 I suggest names for this name 1:MY FUTURE name 2:MERA MOUKA NAME 3:AVAKASH 
0 0 Bring transparency and implement fair practices in career centers - merits and not money should be considered in jobs 
0 0 we are very much pleased by your work sir, i am unemployed with b.tech degree don't know what to do.... As per my knowledge slowly and steadily remove privatization and doing so jobs will be created automatically.... In each and every department Gov should be in no.1 position... For a better educational system its better that we follow olden days educational system which is explained by SIR RAJIV DIXIT IN YOU TUBE VIDEOS.... 
5 0 मैं सिर्फ इतना कहना चाहूॅगा कि रोजगार के नाम युवाओं के साथ खिलवाड न हो ा मेरे अनुमान से एक कॉमन प्‍लेटफॉर्म होना चाहिए जहॉ सभी प्रकार के सरकारी/गैर सरकारी रिक्तियां देखी जा सकें और जो प्रमाणिक हो ा क्‍योंकि नौकरी के नाम पर युवाओं से लाखों/करोडो रूपया लूटा जा रहा है ा विज्ञापनों के माध्‍यम से नौकरी का विज्ञापन देने वालों की पुष्टि ओर जॉच होनी चाहिए ा 
0 0 Sir, I Sri Rama Chandra Singha, At- Nimpur, PO- Salikotha, PS_ Jaleswar, Dist.- Balasore, Odisha, PIN- 756032. We are proposed of career centers of our country 
1 0 I will suggest few name for this name1-MY FUTURE name2-MY MOUKA 
1 0 प्रस्तावित आजीविका केन्द्रों को  विद्यालय /महाविद्यालय स्तर से सीधा जोड़ कर विद्यार्थियों के लिए त्वरित आजीविका का प्रबंध किया जाना चाहिए. इससे देश में शिक्षित बेरोज़गारी को काफी हद तक ख़त्म किया जा सकता है. 
2 0 Hi sir,I am from IT Department. In a city or state it is necessary to know what they are having and what changes they are going to do.In that city every companies,colleges,hospitals,even former and poor people can give their own suggestion.This can be done by internet with back end which can easily reach the GOV and the GOV should give response for every suggestion at that time.Because everyone have different idea and suggestion.so GOV should handle all the needs. Further Enhancement like this. 
2 0 As a part of #VocationalTraining at schools students must also be given choice to donate their hours to teach at nearby schools. We need to create responsible and interested teachers also. #CareerCentre #NSC #MyGov 
1 0 Vocational Trainings should be part of the School syllabus Class 9  onwards. And Students should be free to choose their fields of choice. And Military/Army training should be must at the school level also. (like China has.) 
1 0 We shall enhance technical expertise and create entrepreneur than just a job seeker. We shall reduce theory and increase practical expertise. 
1 0 For every persion who want to govt. Job he should be registered in that 2 years before and must be involve in govt external work for govt. And its participation should plus in govt job as a incentive... in every department 
0 0 Suggesting a tagline "Empowering youth for Stronger India" with title "Pragathi Margadharshak" for career centre which I have posted earlier. 
1 0 Please share the comments of the youth selected in I A S.( one from PMO ).Speech may be broadcast  under email to me ( helpful for youth .)The best Coaching centres may be renamed as N A V B H A R A T  - CAREER   - C E N T R E . Pleasure if you recognize me .Thanks Please lower the tax rate for SURPRISE JOY . 
0 0 Sirji, the latest India Today says open is blocking your bills and hinder agenda for growth. You had said in rallies there will be competition among states.  As and when there is a proposal for any major project pl inform the states to give their best offer and the project will to such state as u did for Tatas Nano.  Your headache is over. Let the states compete and win. 
0 0 Beggar-ship removal programmer should be launched in INDIA ASAP 
2 0 Your kind attention is invited towards my candidature, wherein after qualified NET conducted by UGC, more than 40 publications with 7.4 years working experience still I am working on contractual job in Govt. Sector at low salary. I have been regularly applying for the post of ASSISTANT PROFESSOR in different universities but still no positive result has come. You are, therefore requested to kindly take necessary action and also provide necessary help to me TO GET SUITABLE JOB. 
0 0 #DrivingResponsibly - We need to do anything and everything that would help our countrymen to come into a practice of disciplined driving (read lane driving) and would encourage the safety of all. Ample brightness on the roads, seatbelts compulsion and identifying the rule breakers are only some of the basics which we should not compromise. Local ministers, police and rto can keep the locals in the loop for suggestions and good ideas implementations. Proper footpaths are a must too. 
0 0 If we assign engineers to work in this sector or any other sector, it's a profit for everyone. Engineers will get jobs, second thing is that, farmers will get the refined supervision of engineers which in return will end up with a very good output from the fields. In this way we can stop brain drain also, can generate jobs for everyone and can boom up development Because after all we are INDIANS and we love our fields. 
0 0 Sir, now a days everyone wants to be an entrepreneur; so why cannot we take this as an opportunity to boom up our development. My goverment has a lot of task to do. it has to take care of everything. Basically i want to say that the scope of my goverment is very vast; hence there are chances that some of the factors might get missed (farming is one of them). What i believe, why can not we give chance to the top engineers from diffrent universities, to work in this sector on behalf of my govr. 
1 0 Dear Sir, Prime Minister I Request You to Focus On the S.G.highway Bridge where In the Bridge Street Light Poll is not there and I Night Because of that lots of accident is happening once Again Sir I am Requesting You to have a look in this matters.and Aleast provide the Lights on the Bridge ( the Bridges is Known as Khodiyar Bridge in ahmedabad ( S.G.HIGHWAY ) 
1 0 Sir we want automation in farming ...please bring institue which we can joint and develop technology for farmers since theoretical knowledge is der a lot in our colleges being engineer we want to perform in practical n give technology to our beloved farmers 
1 0 Make government sector more powerfull than private sector 
0 0 3. Every community in our Hindu-culture is an entrepreneurial group. Skill Centers in the Panchayts and then Universities in the State for these skills, will give opportunity to bring up all together. India needs a different kind of education system than what we are using to make people skill full. 
1 0 Run skill development classes in schools and colleges which remain vacant during evenings for working and un-employed people. Run these classes with help of Corporates and Industry so that they can provide skill development as per their needs. Also keep these classes free for the attendees since free things attract us Indians a lot 
0 0 India has a wealthy historical past, which is because of proper understanding of Nature and Human capabilities and traits. 1. Farming should be declared skilled ability. Farming Ideas collected in different areas of India must be made a part of 'Kaushal-Vardhan" centers across India. 2. Every village has लोहार, मोची, धोबी, पासी, ब्राह्मण, सोनार, बढ़इ etc. Why not make 'Kaushal-Vardhan' centers for them as well. 
0 0 #MyGov: Make government sector more powerfull than private sector. 
2 0 1) Use Govt buildings for night classes for farmers as they are quite busy in day time. 2) Try to develop more and more nos of SHGs, so that people could help themselves. And for that there should be appointments of 1-2 SHG development Officer(offrole, payment done on the basis of No of SHG formation and their savings too) per district. 3) Donot give FREE MoBILES and LAPTOPS, either try for MOBILE SCHOOLS(in big containers having laptops and internet connectivity, as samsung is doing in africa 
0 0 block unwanted website 
1 0 Goverment should think about the farmer? 
1 0 #if we do anything that start from us... 
1 0 every selecting process will be done as a transparently so that who have not capable in money and other sources, who take him/her career right to act... 
0 0 government giving many subsidy and pension scheme to people.make it compulsory to everyone must be educated and know to every schemes of government. spreading education to every corner of this nations through help of everyone. 
3 0 “The Rich Are Getting Richer and the Poor Are Getting Poorer” Why Because, the govt not take caring the employment system of india. The labour department not doing his job well, who should inspection the rules & regulations of every organisation by visiting to them. Many employees like contract, casual, clerk workers are working on low salary since a decade. 
1 0 Students who graduated with 60% or more marks will be able to volunteer for social causes like educating local residents about the different government schemes, laws, point of contact for problems and finally educate others on how to install and use the different government apps & websites. If any student effectively does this for a year, he will get some added advantages in exams like IAS, IPS, IFS and other government exams. This experience will make future government employees better 
0 0 yadi gareebi unmlan karna hai to gareebon ke ajeevika ke saadhnon men arthik madad di jay, na ki noukri men aaraksan. 
0 0 aarakshan karyakushalta men baadhak hai. 
0 0 Sir, jaatigat aarakshan band kar deni chahiye. Isase desh ke prtibhaon ko aatmakuntha ka shikaar hona pad raha hai, jo ki hamare desh ke liye bhayanak khatra hai.isase desh patan ki orr ja raha hai. agar arakshan deni hi ho to arthik aadhar par di jay. 
1 0 ddear sir main chahta hu ke desh se agar berojgari hatana hai to desh ki har ek family me kam se kam ek candidate ke pass to rojgaar ho hi...koi aisee skeam laayiye jisse har pariwar me kam se kam ek aadmi ke pass naukri ho ..uski education dekhkar hi usko uske layak rojgar diya jaye.... 
1 0 Sir, first, pl see our work as a bridge betweeen employers and skilled trainees on our facebooks i.e. " placement.itikubernagar" since 17th August, 2011 and another facebook " placement.itikubernagartwo " made recently. More than 6000 people are joined including mostly trainee, employers, staff, even Principals of various ITIs and various ITIs. The only purpose of these facebooks are to be mediator between employers and skilled person. We publish only such type activities in favour of trainees. 
1 0 voice of nation....To decrease unemployment In govt.job openings please increase maximum age limit to 35 , so that more unemployed candidate can take part. 
0 0 voice of nation....To decrease unemployment In govt.job openings please increase maximum age limit to 35 , so that more unemployed candidate can take part. 
1 0 voice of nation....To decrease unemployment In govt.job openings please increase maximum age limit to 35 , so that more unemployed candidate can take part. 
0 0 voice of nation....To decrease unemployment In govt.job openings please increase maximum age limit to 35 , so that more unemployed candidate can take part. 
3 0 only one thing need to be changed is the teachers ... in india "guru" the teachers are not good the gov. must tighten the selection process of teacher as it is good to hav 1 good teacher than having many they influnce the future of many childrens 
2 0 sir, it is very good idea for to convey our thoughts to mygov.in 
1 0 Sir, all degree & diploma is a valid in Govt. & Pvt. sector in equally  manner . currently some degree apply in govt. sector but sum degree apply in pvt. sector. ( no any law apply for degree & diploma accuracy ) 
0 0 Assess the potential, skills of the person, instead of degree, and nurture the same if required, for development of the person and nation. Getting a degree is not a big deal. But skills are rare because they are not acknowledged at right time and gets diluted with time. Promote self employment, entrepreneurship, so that people can think and decide on their own. Job in an MNC may just kill the true skills of a person by the balance sheet driven strategies. This is my personal experience. 
0 0 1)classifying jobs in each sector and category wise - we have to define each and every job specifically and create right kind of specific training module for the same. 2)CC can be bought under CSR every one hundred thousand one career center may be the ultimate goal.3) all the collages should be compulsory contributors and their curriculum will include skill center training  4) collages and institutions can join with corporate and NGOS. 5) DISTRICT wise data base to be linked with ExISTING  NIC 
2 0 Career तब हिन् बन सकता है जब हम शिक्छित होंगे और शिक्छा के लिए जरुरी है पैसे का होना।और सरकार तो पैसे उपलब्ध तो करती है पर जन-जाती के आधार पर गरीबी तो जाती देख कर नही अति।हमारे देश में बहोत से बचे आएसए है जो गरीब है पर सामान्य जाती के होने के कारन सरकारो द्वारा दिए गए जाती छात्र वित्ती का उपयोग नही कर पते।और वो मदत के लिए बैंक जाते है तो उन्हें वह भी 14% के  बड़े दरों पर कर्ज लेना परता है और उसे बाद में चुकाने के लिए न आगे वो पढ़ पते है न ढंग का कोई नौकरी कर पते ।तो पहले बैंक के दरों को कम करे । 
2 0 I would like to suggest that you bring in professionals like myself from the USA to sit with your leaders to discuss this face to face. I work with many company executives who have a great desire and need for foreign experts and everybody always wishes to employ the Indian community for they are highly advanced and respected in USA for IT and marketing services. I would be happy to come over and offer training to prepare your citizens. 
1 0 All the Skill development training institute should be exempted from service tax to save the cost of getting training for Self-employment or direct employment. It can also be done through separate registration under the Skill development programmer. 
0 0 So automatically reduce carrier loss and minimize unemployed list. please u force and focus the Education system fully change. All people well / similar to known differ knowledge and differ language. i am not spoke & write fluently English language, any fault please reject. 
0 0 Basically compare year wise differ to the economical position rise and fall, so this function depend upon the marketing in IT sector in share marketing, ok. then differ people face differ problem, so what can we do for first of all minimizing the entire problem, next to improve otherwise. but out country is Govt education scheme is very poor, when this problem 100% change/reduce the country people is as well as theoretically and practically empowering face to all of problem. so automatically car 
0 0 its a very eat idea for youth like me and us to convey our thought to govt.so thanking u Sir. Sir In india their have a lot of talented boys in automobile sector nd they can do a lot of things. but as compair to other countries they dont have such type of job.please think about sir..In future automobile will be a huge sector for India. and need for all.. 
1 0 Youth in area open a centre for say mobiles/electronics device.Local people go there, replace some parts and give unused device to center.Youths can also train others how to do basic things like saving number, calling, reading message etc.Youth get trained with device handling and changing part and internal functions of devices. Surrounding people get some basic training about devices and get help in repairing their devices.And in the whole process recycling of devices also happens. 
0 0 This is the need of the time. It must be reachable to the remotest area of our Nation by all means of ads. Through net, mouth to mouth, Authority to Authority, every person must be aware about it 
2 0 gov should provide proper guidance to the students who want to start their own company on their imagination. a better platform should develop to respond the idea of youths 
2 0 An App to search all the government related sectors like hospitals, post office, police station etc. And special services available in that sector. It will be useful in emergency situations. 
1 0 A platform should be create for the all indian unemployed youth, where they can register and store their data (Basic profile+educational qualification+basic skills+area of interest +relevant skills if required). All the recruiters can use this tool to find a right candidate as well as Govt can have a good database for future employebility plan. 
0 0 If National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC), Employment Exchanges and the Industry associations like CII and FICCI can come together and be the promoters of a new organization, it will  pave the way for career development in our country. 
0 0 i belong from very poor family i need the job i have done b.com from meerut 8791856661 
0 0 I need one job, very importent 
0 0 Like 100days job guarantee,Indian gov.can create an international market through this web.where unemployed youth can get involve themselves and earn money through Textile,Handicraft etc made product and computer networking job and create placement for those poor unemployed who can'nt trained study for money through notification in this web.and shortlist them through important document. Debiprasad Sarkar C/o-Monojit Sarkar,Viii-Danna,P.O+P.S-patrasayer,Dist-Bankura,Pin-722206 State-W.B 
0 0 Submitted for #CareerCentre. By - Prateek Goyal, Peeyush Kumar, Aditya Singh. 
1 0 Let farmers directly export their products in peak season 
0 0 In oil & Gas sector, almost all Corporates have Pan India presence in each and every city, Town and some Districts. Each oil company for example have their own mini-Training stations at the offices at Oil & Gas storage & distribution centers. There are over 1200 Traing stations both small , medium and large owned and used by Oil Majors IOC/BPC/HPC/ONGC alone apart from other players. These Training centres also called conference facilities. These assets are normally used for limited purpose & c 
0 0 I only know of one proper and genuine direct selling company--Amway. They have unique and the best products backed up with support and redressal of complaints. The Govt. needs to ensure that companies entering this segment have genuine services / products. Caims should be backed up research and proof. Pyramids and binary schemes should be illegal. A genuine office set-up within the country with proper legal registrations and functionality should be a must. 
1 0 Many state govts giving rice at 1Rs per kg without getting any work from them. I have seen bcoz of this many people of below poverty level are not working even though they have very good skills in many areas. I m not opposing for this, my idea is to take work from them and pay them well. Don't make the skilled people lazy. "Aaram haram hai" 
1 0 Sirs, Govt. should bring out a grading system on the basis of certain accepted quality standard for our Engineering colleges. Engineering colleges that are falling below the specified standard should be categorised as "Vocational Training Colleges" where people will be trained in various vocational activities. This will encourage people depend on training personnel for specific activities that will provide job opportunities to our youngsters struggling with our education system. Thanks 
0 0 Jab Hyderabad jaise Municipal corporation van le kar ke job career ka raasta dekhasakte hai to apne desh vasiyoke liya free sms jobalert ka upyog kyun nahi kar sakthe Bill Pay kar ne ke liye desk khol sakthe hain to job delaney ke leye kyun nahi 
1 0 मेरे विचार से भारत में बहुत से ऐसे उद्योग हैं जिन्हें यदि सरकार सहायता करे तो वो उद्योग बहुत से बेरोजगार लोगों को रोजगार उपलब्ध करा सकते हैं| जैसे कि बरेली का मांझा, सुरमा, ज़री एवं बांस और बेंत उद्योग, फिरोजाबाद का चूड़ी और कांच का उद्योग| यदि इन उद्योगों को सरकारी मदद मिलने लगे और सरकार इन्हें उद्योग की श्रेणी जगह दे दे तो काफी हद तक इस क्षेत्र से जुड़े लोगों की बेरोजगारी की समस्या का हल हो जायेगा तथा अन्य लोग भी इस ओर आकर्षित होंगे| 
0 0 The Career Centre should be the FIRST POINT OF CONTACT to dispel dignity of labour and help youth choose jobs wisely. Career centres can become hubs for providing infra companies registered talent. The companies can train and employ the youth at +2 or Grad levels. This centre should cater only upto Grad level. 5th pass,8th pass etc can take up low cost skill training to get jobs locally. Encourage employers in Pvt sector to lift resources from the CCs first. Give them incentives for mass employs 
0 0 Th Career Centre should assess the actual capability of the candidate and recommend unsuitable candidates to undergo skill enhancement programmes for employment or seek employment in keeping with their real competence 
0 0 A Career Centre should put up options of realtime, online, and all local careers. This should engage actively with class 10 and 12 passouts. Only careers requiring Graduation should be listed separately. This pre Career counselling will help students choose their educational options easily. Career Centres should have skills Training tie up so that candidates provided by them are competent. Let them write tests/ interviews to ensure only fit candidates and not all registered candidates expect job 
0 0 Teacher training to impart these skills is of utmost importance.FIRST and foremost the competence of our teachers is most important to provide quality education and ensure that the students who are passing out are EDUCATED and not just taught 
1 0 After 10th students should be guided in such a way so that they may able to decide their career according to their interest. 
0 0 All students from class IX have to learn one skill - hands on. In rural areas on agri and industry and in big cities in Corporates and industry. Each school can offer at least ten electives. Saturday school will be primarily focussed on Skill Dev classes. In plus two Communication skills, writing, speaking, language, culture, team building IPR should be compulsory. Plus 2 should be a finishing school model 
2 0 Students who graduated with 60% or more marks will be able to volunteer for social causes like educating local residents about the different government schemes, laws, point of contact for problems and finally educate others on how to install and use the different government apps & websites. If any student effectively does this for a year, he will get some added advantages in exams like IAS, IPS, IFS and other government exams. This experience will make future government employees better. 
0 0 ATLEAST ONE MEMBER OF A FAMILY SHOULD BE A GOVT.EMPLOYEE 
2 0 Youth in their areas can do the following..... Set up small schools for skill based learning. Set up labs. Start weaving units. Food processing units. Create biodiversity gardens for live zoology teaching. Start small libraries. Govt should provide marketing support by having more khadi shops. Why not have coop stores in villages ? Marketing of goods and services within India is important. Creating Online shops should also be encouraged. 
1 0 My article on STEM EDUCATION and why it is relevant to career of our future generation and vital to providing careers to current pool of unemployed marginally skilled persons or be it highly skilled persons. If u have genuine interest in education and believes providing education is good employment then please go through the attached article.. 
0 0 Unemployment2Nowemployment These schemes will help to startup education based small business thereby creating more educated children and in that process creating a job for themselves. People with skills can register voluntarily to teach on any topic for 30 mins. These sessions can be targeted to anyone and will be promoted locally by govt. radio stations for free. 
0 0 I believe government should lay down rules for FDI in education sector. Government must consider allowing foreign University to open up there independent branches at Indian cost of living. This will boost and enhance creations within the country. This will motivate Indians to innovate within the country and will significantly reduce brain drain. #Careercenter #nationalcareerserviceproject 
0 0 Why waste of govt money, conducting different Exams for different post. There should be one Exam like SSC, for all state level exam as well. Option must be given whether if not selected as officer, ok to work as LDC. It would save lot of public money. 
0 0 i Love.Bareilly.. 
0 0 माननिय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय, MSME को बढावा देने के लिए आपके क्या विचार है? सरकार की क्या योजनाए है MSME दुआ जारी (CGTMSE)CREDIT GUARANTEE FUND TRUST FOR MICRO & SMALL ENTERPRISES योजना Small enteeprises को नही मिल पा रही है सरकार की क्या योजनाए है 
0 0 The proposed carre centre can be made much more effective if collaboration is done with the IT giants and the bpo... now a days everyone has  a cell phone with him her in that case the bpo can track the person easliy who are mostly suited for the job and can be interviewed and put back to work in market and the opening of the centre will alsi help in providing of new jobs to other unemployed personel 
0 0 We can't change the system until n unless our mindset is not change as a student i am much more worried about what i ant to be rather than what i want to do if we are not doing for the society then we are not doing it for any one. 
0 0 Branding of Career Centers: A name - #YourJobOurMissionService 
0 0 We can't change the system until n unless our mindset is not change as a student i am much more worried about what i ant to be rather than what i want to do if we are not doing for the society then we are not doing it for any one. 
0 0 tagline communicating the objectives with particular focus on provision of employment and counseling related services to the youth of the country - "Discover Your Abilities, Discover Your Career" 
1 0 FROM THE VIEW OF YOUTHS OF OUR COUNTRY ,THE EDUCATION IS THE MOST IMPORTANT FACTOR THAT PLAY THE ROLL IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF OF ALL THE RELATIVE AREAS .BUT IN OUR COUNTRY THE COAST OF TAKING EDUCATION OF GRADUATION LEVEL IS INCREASING A DAY BY DAY .NOT ONLY IN PRIVATE INSTITUTIONS BUT IN THE GOVERNMENT INSTITUTS ALSO,SO THIS MAY BE A SMALLER FACTOR ,BUT IT AFFECTS AT LARGE SCALE SO THAT THE PEOPLES OF VILLAGES THAT ARE NOT ABLE TO PAY ON HIGHER STUDIES HAVE TO LEAVE THEIR STUDY AFTER 10TH OR 12TH 
0 0 The National Career Service Needs to leverage Technology to integrate all schools, colleges, universities, vocational centers and understand the classification of Skills (engineering, social sciences, health, services etc) and rate the quality of skills and education. This will be input to NCS and help determine its career and employment related services 
1 0 Students of agricultural university should adopt village starting from first year upto final year. He should learn and teach about latest techniques of farming, animal-husbandry etc. 
0 0 there is problem to a villager to get a non judicial stamp paper in near vicinity. why these can not be made available in local post offices OR an alternative may be developed like e-ticketing through out country with respective state 
0 0 in recent 10th & +2 exam students have resorted to suicide .I would like to request the PM to address this matter in the MANN KI BATT on 22nd  even though its meant for farmers as every farmer have children . Its an issue for children. 
3 1 Respected sir, Jyadatar goverment exam form bharne ki ya to information ki website hang ho jati he.me ye puchna chahta hu ki jab facebook lakho log ek sath operate karte he to bhi hang nai hota.to fir hamari goverment ki ye sab sites hang kese hoti he..plZz improve our websites....thank you... 
0 0 respected sir.i want to request u to handover IAS OFFICER D K Ravi death case to CIB.The people of karnataka each one of them are insisting for this but i donot know why our govt is showing negligence toward this case.this is not only death of any one honest officer it is the death of each of honest officers like him.each and every person in karnataka have shed their tears litteraly on this death.plz do something to save honest people like us 
0 0 Respect for work is the root of development. The government should assign neo-nomenclature to provide dignity to such jobs which are traditionally considered menial ones. If I work as sweeper, then I would be called as cleanliness agent not safai wali. Kaam vahi soch nai will change India. There should be fixed wage rate for every job by government. Jai Bharat. 
0 0 india se police ho aata do and Amry ko le aao har jara usse....chori kam ho gye and agar police rakne hai tu unka time to time fitness test hona chaye jab fit he nai ho gye to kya work kre gye . 
0 0 #MyGov please see the attachment 
2 0 in each big city laborer like carpenter,mechanic,massion etc which form unorganised sector mst be registerd wid all the information about them..and then an public fon number must be given where a person can call for carpenter,mechanic,massion etc,as his per need this system will be safe for individuals who call the labor at his home,he will not hv to run for labor and also it will lay dwn common charge for particular work and laborer shal get remuneration for his work 
1 0 jay Bharat Sir... most humbly and respectfully firstly I want to convey my best regards to u sir for achieving successfull steps in favour of our India Development. Sir plz take some solid steps against Some agents who hv links within the job recuirtment procedure.. 
0 0 sir you are striving very hard for Swach Bharath Abhiyaan...but still in India, especially Bangalore,Karnataka...our ministers have not taken charge on this ..please make sure for all the MLA's to do properly and honestly..instead of keeping only their road clean and tidy..let them look after of their ward also..Indian money is looking after only themselves and their family 
1 0 Tagline-NAUKRI KENDRA.Naukri Kendra should cater to unemployed youth for jobs in PSU,Govt as well as Private Sector also.Data bank to be created for candidates passed 10th std to professional qualifications as well as unskilled or semiskilled people.Online access to candidates.Online appilacation facility.Prejob interview with video conferencing.Written test whereever applicable.Online data upload facility for candidates.Online upload educational certificates.Physical checking by employer. 
0 0 Sir Please conduct all Government Exams online like IBPS banking exam TCS world class IT company doing good job for nation by managing IBPS Exam , I request you please collaborate with TCS for managing Government Exams 
0 0 I WILL TRY TO SUPPORT ............. FROM TODAY ONWARDS FOR MY COUNTRY 
0 0 sir please provide facility to physically handicapped person 
0 0 library has immence source of information of employment information. you can enrich by giving them other resources and your work done with available network and already establish firm. please considering about it very urgently. 
0 0 plz consider the library and library network for career center establishment. it is available network to do this work. librarian has skill analyse and dissimination of information so that it is very good to utilize available human resource and already establish network to your proposed career centres. 
2 0 Most of the Engineering Student are unemployed in our country.Due to Other Qualification Students are chance to place in Engineering Field.So avoid that things all the student will get placement 
1 0 This country can't grow up until our government teachers are encouraged to teach the students properly as most of the our government teachers don't teach well in the schools and force the students to join their tuition centers. That is the main reason most of the parents rather prefer to send their children to private schools. If our children get the balanced education in government schools, we neither need tuition nor we need any private schools in that case. 
0 0 I wonder why no body has mentioned about APTITUDE TEST! The career center MUST have facility to carry out APTITUDE TEST of candidates registering for the same. It will help everyone identify their strengths and weaknesses. Choosing the right training is possible only if we know what that person can excel in. Also, the training should be as customized for everyone as possible. It is possible only when we take a small test as well as interview to know about abilities of the candidate. 
0 0 sir please provide facility to technical student for there project...its use full for our country.... 
0 0 I have a Computer education Centres since 2007 with register of THE WEST BENGAL SOCIETIES REGISTRATION ACT. 1961. please tell me Can I get to attach NCS scheme. 
1 0 1 Have to arrange good promotional package for New Career Centers 2 Have to give TAX benefit for private employer if they select candidate from gov Career Centers. 3 Have to introduce Mobile App for employee and employer. 4 Have to be very care full about registration process for employer. 
3 0 Prime Minister Modi is going to Germany soon and minister for skill development should also go with him and try to know how they established technical schools throughout the country for developing skills. German products are best in the world.I hope German model for skill development and career centers will be suitable to our democratic country. 
0 0 kya hoga ji panchayat raj 2013 recurment ka or chiktssa vibhag 2013 recurment ka is tra to india me berojgari bad jayagi or garibi or des me bhrstachar hone lag jayagi 
1 0 first of all to imprrove the teachers decepline to teach carefully and hardly in every villages'primary schools 
2 0 •	Information to be in  all languages (exists in India). •	embassy valid contact details of all abroad details of services for emigrants. •	legal advisory committee of every department guidelines of solutions to the problems •	Must reduce corruption •	Should be user friendly •	App main aim should be social service in India •	Must be two way interaction between PMO office and users •	PMO office should resolve in 12-24 hours for the problems raised. 
0 0 2305 characters are too little to express anything valuable and worthwhile even for just an introductory paragraph to the document in PDF that can be attached.  A good intro would be useful to screen what you need to spend time on to read/consider.  Please limit to 5000 characters at least, if not 10,000. Thanks. 
4 0 Everything is possible, If we are want to do something for solving the particular problems. Firstly Our Primary Education Centres(School) have not the Modern Education. So we need to solve this problem because more than 50% of children are study in government schools in India. So We go back not Ahead until we will not do something for Equalization of Education for All. And good teaching is the solution of this problem. VIDHYA DADATI VINAYAM. 
0 0 I would also like to suggest some short period courses of 1 to 6 months related to Computer Programming, Ethical Hacking, Core Banking And Finance, Gaming, Android App Development, Basic English Education For Beginners And Advanced English Education For Learners. 
0 0 There are lakhs of senior citizens who can do paid or voluntary work.Regrettably, there is not a single agency which looks after this aspect.What is given is MERELY assurances.That too stopped after budget exercise is over.I myself gave suggestion in this regards on 24 sep 2014.Not even acknowledged by PMO office.Apathy has to give way to positive ,proactive action. 
0 0 There should be some independent exams, open for everyone who have had 10+2; that don't require you to study from an institute. One can simply pay a exam fee and take the exam.Your score can be helpful in jobs. I would personally like to see - "Independent Exam For IQ" , "National Mental Ability Test" , "National Personality Test" , "Test Of English As A Secondary Language", and various exams related to BANKING AND FINANCE and different computer programs or aspects like TALLY,PROGRAMMING,DTP etc 
0 0 Firstly there should be an education system common for all. It should not be like that a poor could not get better education due to his/her financial backdrop. Quality #education should be provided. For those from rural unable to access #internet there should be special cells  in respctv city/town were people feeling themselves eligible for trainings and studies could register, and govt should help help them to learn and grow financially. This will lead to an educated society with will to work. 
2 0 there is should be correct awreness of jobs available in all sector of government through online sources and all interview proces should be made through computerized system........ ie atleast 95% no human involvment 
0 0 One employment exchange online and it should be updated by Schools and collages after candidate get his degree and all govt. project should approved to many people or many small companies instead of big companies (I.e. 1000 Km. road made by big company instead of 10 small companies made 100 K.m per company or civil engineers) local products get standard with strict quality control to prevent multinational products and it is done by get support from our top business men who invest in local brand. 
1 0 First of all I would like to explain about the primary education in rural area particularly in small villages where poor families lives. Their children are depend on primary education nearby village. So that a primary teacher should be more awareness about children as they are locally adopted. It is to said that Primary education begins with hope and become a good citizen of nation. Fortunately teachers leaves their duty place early without seeking proper permission. 
0 0 #Name for Career centre "Naukri Naka", #tagline "Har kisiko Kaam" 
4 0 This space isn't enough. Attached is a PDF doc with answers to all the questions you've posted and suggestions for each. Looking forward to working on this with you. Doesn't matter who wins - we all want to help. Team effort. 
0 0 first of all establish better discipline for all teacher's . Most of all teacher's not proper do the work. Do only formalities in Rural / Urban Areas. First make a Strick Code of conduct. Second Learning with doing m ethology will create. Third Provide Better Education in Rural areas. Provide education like all candidate get the better job with better skills development. 
0 0 First Education is need to centralized. Today is write time for start online education with one common language and course is displayed online in all class rooms and then all Indian students get help to learn same time same days and it is also benefited to those students who not able to present in class rooms and education goes to cost effective and accurate. 
0 0 Government ka jo v subidha mil r ha he usko thik gao me milna achahiye q ki ea abhitak thik se suchna milta nehi isk eliye khas karke aj ke jamane me inteenet or technogy ka har gao me hona chahiye or koi ek senior Government  usko dekhna chahiye ki kitna information gao me mil r ha he or kaha par asubidha ho r ha he karke . Q ki gao ko develop kiya jayega to desh asan se develop ho sakta he . 
3 0 UP Govt ne Labtop bata tha. If you start free 2 month certification course to all 10+2 pass out student than it is more appreciable and beat the laptop scheme of up govt. It will create a positive effect in youn generation as well as parents 
0 0 Instead to thinking about new things i feel what ever exists should be upgraded and made strict. Example, employment office which many local people trust should be strict and active. To my knowledge i feel the employment office is quite dormant and slow. New focus areas should be added based on technology change and training should be provided in career centers. 
1 0 हर गाँव में विधवा, गरीब और जरूरतमंद महिलाओं के साथ- साथ युवाओं को गाँव में ही उनकी योग्यता के अनुसार कार्य मिलना चाहिए जिससे वह अपनी आजीविका चला सके, सरकारी मदद सीधे उनके खाते में जमा कराइ जाना चाहिए बिच में पड़ने वाले दलालों से मुक्ति मिलना चाहिए 
1 0 TAFE South Australia has a gr8 Vocational training system. Identify needs of each city, set up a centralized academy, match personality types, natural skills, ability, lifestyle expectation and desire to career choice (vocational - electrician, plumber, mechanics of all sorts, tailors, house-help, drivers, call center executives, security staff), sign up with naukri.com, find jobs, part of the salary goes towards paying off the training fee, free counseling available to maintain the job. 
0 0 dear sir i wanna all people sucsess his life and pawerty is is going on india 
0 0 Good Morning Sir, I Am Wishing All Of India Country People I Beg All Of the Country Peoples Go Ahead And Go Away From The Dirty Poultices Of The Very Bad Some Leaders Of My Bihar 
1 0 #CareerCentre Career centers should also function as a marketing agency for region specific goods. 1. It will generate income for sustenance of career centers. 2. Youths in career center will get direct exposure with intricacies in marketing of goods, which will help them to become entrepreneurs in a short time. 3. Marketing of regional goods increases the income of local people. 4. Increases the importance of Indian made goods. 5. "Make in India" campaign will gain momentum. 
0 0 #CareerCentre Career centers should not be restricted to degree holders, instead it should be open to all youths striving for development. Centers should have interaction with nearby institutions such as rural schools, workshops etc... to give exposure to people at all strata. Integrating the nearby Small scale and household companies with career centers will help to create confidence in budding entrepreneurs. 
0 0 #CareerCentre Corporate Social Responsibility(CSR) can be instrumental in this project. Industries and service sector companies can be made obliged to provide internships, Junior fellowships etc.. to youths from unprivileged groups. This will give preliminary industrial exposure to all our youth before they enter the job market or venture a business. All companies must include a page in their website for this purpose. This will become worlds largest internship program for skill development. 
1 0 Continuation of local skill register..... Local Skill register = postal Pincode wise skill record 
1 0 #CareerCentre Career centres must be established only near an essential office such as taluk office, collector office, banks, post-offices etc... to get a maximum public outreach. This will also make them easier to access by all means. 
1 0 Continuation of local skill register..... 6.Encourage organisations who would like to hire Women workforce by providing them tax benefits 
1 0 1.Prepare a local skill register 2.Link Aadhar Number with local skill register 3.Make it mandatory for each aadhar card holder to register in local skill register with present employment status 4.Encourage govt, private organisation to publish requirement/hiring from local skill register 5. fulfill smallest requirement (example: Employee going on planned leave in any organisation.The fulfillment for the smallest vacant period should also get filled through local skill register) 
0 0 #CareerCentre Since soft skills are essential for professional interactions and proper understanding among communities. Academia and social media outlets should be integrated with career centres to disseminate professional skills. A website and an app must be developed for this purpose. 
0 0 #CareerCentre  It is unfortunate that most of the ingenious inventions of our people are named frugal inventions and are neglected without due consideration. Hence all career centers should also function as innovation centers to adopt and develop this technologies. All career centers throughout the country should be linked into a single network of knowledge sharing platform. Through this platform all innovations must be shared throughout  country for optimal use of nation's resources. 
1 0 I would like to open the subject straight away which talk about the career centres synced with some innovative reuse and recycle methodology to create jobs all over the country. Every big or small set up of waste producing and not organizing it's disposal properly, must be made compulsorily run a reuse or recycling unit employing 8 to 10 people as vocational training program and after certain period it becomes a sister concern of the main unit or can become BOT--Build -Operate -Transfer. 
1 0 Add publik poll for directly pass publik interested bill through general public 
1 0 what you would like to see in the mobile app for the Prime Minister's Office 66 % Get the details of all unemployed peoples Get the details of all black money resources . [ on every second ] http://prem-stock-exchane.blogspot.in/2014/10/nov-dec-2014-option.html -- use if it worth for 66% 
0 0 what you would like to see in the mobile app for the Prime Minister's Office 66 % everybody should be under surveillance by everybody [ ] ) ] Any important info [ on every second ] , should be circulated to all 100 % Get the information of all political party members in all level. During voting, the candidate should comment atleast one best enhancement implemented by his leader which useful for 100 % 
0 0 what you would like to see in the mobile app for the Prime Minister's Office Get the information of all political party members in all level. During voting, the candidate should comment atleast one best enhancement implemented by his leader which useful for 100 % Get the details of all unemployed peoples Get the details of all black money resources . [ on every second ] 
0 0 what you would like to see in the mobile app for the Prime Minister's Office 33 % Make 33 % to 99 % everybody should be under surveillance by everybody [ ] ) ] Any important info [ on every second ] , should be circulated to all 100 % 
0 0 what you would like to see in the mobile app for the Prime Minister's Office 1 % [ political party , all administration ( all members information should be documented in all respect , ) ] everybody should be under surveillance by everybody [ ] Any important info [ on every second ] , should be circulated to all 100 % 
0 0 what you would like to see in the mobile app for the Prime Minister's Office make 99 % support for 1 % irrespective of any kind of politics prime minister and president work with defence[ central military , navy , air force ] and state police for prevention activity along with high court / supreme court decisions . 
0 0 dependent on my father who is retired from army..and want my heath check ups continue...as not working and unmarried.. please.. 
0 0 Since the formation of NDA government small issues around religious sentimentsis hijacking development agenda very badly. Fear is that all the hard work done by government is going to be wasted under this shadow and  next general election can go to other parties without learning anything from 2014 defeat and will start same politics again. This will give them easy way to come to power again as per their expectation (looking current attitude of other parties, no learning visible) 
0 1 Please include Jaat in OBC I am 27 (Jaat from U.P.)..General Candidate ...unemployed...and post graduate (M Tech)...I am seriously confused about age criteria in different Job...Somewhere its 27 year (SSC Exam)... Somewhere it's 26/25yr (IOCL,HPC,BPCL) and somewhere it's 30.. Sir I am Jaat..And I seriously want us to be included in OBC...as it will improve our social and economical condition..and will increase our chance to get government job.. 
1 0 Please include Jaat in OBC I am 27 (Jaat from U.P.)..General Candidate ...unemployed...and post graduate (M Tech)...I am seriously confused about age criteria in different Job...Somewhere its 27 year (SSC Exam)... Somewhere it's 26/25yr (IOCL,HPC,BPCL) and somewhere it's 30.. Sir I am Jaat..And I seriously want us to be included in OBC...as it will improve our social and economical condition..and will increase our chance to get government job.. 
0 0 WHY NOT ABOLISH RAJYA SABHA.? We copied British System of Parliament. There they had House of Lords,so we have Rajya Sabha.they have House of Commons so we have Lok Sabha. In having House of Lords, Britishers had no choice, it was their MAJBOORI—they were phasing out feudal system and slowly entering into Democratic System.but in having Rajya Sabha, we were copying them because of our mental slavery . Cant we abolish Rajya Sabha through a constitutional amendment, if it is an obstacle? 
1 0 RESPECTED SIR, WE NEED A GREAT CHANGE IN OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM THAT IS - THAT WE SHOULD TEACH THOSE TOPICS AND SUBJECTS TO A CHILD IN WHICH FIELD HE IS INTERESTED AND ELIGIBLE SINCE HE IS IN THE 6th CLASS WHICH WILL INCREASE THE EFFICIENCY AND PERFECTNESS OF A YOUTH IN A SPECIAL FIELDS WHICH WILL INCREASE RATE OF DEVELOPMENT IN EVERY FIELD OF OUR COUNTRY. AND ALSO THEIR MUST BE A SEPARATE WEBSITE BY GOVERNMENT WHICH SHOULD DO COUNSELLING FOR CHILDREN IN WHICH FIELD A CHILD IS INTERESTED. 
0 0 ANIMAL SECTOR SHOULD BE EMPHASIZED. 
1 0 गरीबी मुक्त भारत योजना 
0 0 Dear Sir I wish that there are more recruitments in the banking sector. Many IBPS aspirants qualify till Interview but does not get recruited. Each and every aspirant qualifying interview should be recruited, as there are scarcity of employees in the bank. One employee is doing the work of two person and geting frustrated. This is resulting in diseases, suicides etc.Very often I hear about a banker dying. More recruitment will make the work of bankers easier. 
0 0 Dear #CareerCentre #NSC #MyGOV .As I belong to a very historical state with natural Flora and natural beauty we have greater chance of employment in all sector tour and travel . foodies Assamese cookies. Can make  mark in all above field but main hindrance is local problem but still if we give knowledge to new youth every unemployed youth will be benefited. 
3 0 Dear Sir, I have been thinking about the plight of armymen who are retired & are working in many companies as security guards. Actually after getting lot of disciplinary training and good habits, they have to work in jobs which neither create any value nor help the society. These people are extremely good if they are trained in a job of traffic policemen. This will help increase discipline on the roads. Many additional benefits can be accrued by government through this move. 
2 0 श्रीमन भारत के किसानो से बात करने के संदर्भ मेँ मैँ अपनी राय रखना चाहता हूँ कीकिसानो को जेविक खादों के उपयोग के द्वाराजमीन की उर्वरा शक्ति बनाए रखने ओर बहाने के संदर्भ मेँ बात करेँ साथ ही ऐसे विकल्पों की भी कल बात करेँजिसके द्वारा वे सरधन से कम खर्च मेँ जेविक खाद ओ को बना सके प्राप्त कर सकतेतथा उनके द्वारा की जाने वाली उपज को अधिक से अधिक लाभ  करने का मार्ग तलाशने का कष्ट करेँ      साथ ही कर्ज के कारण या अन्य किसी कारण से आत्महत्या करनेवाले किसानों को सुरक्षा प्रदान करें जिससे वे जी सके 
2 0 sir, i have a planned  idea due to some schools in every locality the base of students are not much good of low class my suggestion is that in every locality there are lots of children whom goes to private school, make a system that educated unemployed person teach 10-20 students at their place of locality instead of private school thats make the solution of unemployment and also good base structure of study, and also reduce the transport pollution & thats make difference 
2 0 Dear PM, Education is the backbone for our future India but education is the one of the profitable business in our country. Please make it all education center as government oriented. Next to stop black money please make sure that all transactions should done only by debit /credit card.So that all transactions can be monitored. So that bribe and black money will be controlled. 3. Farmers should be encouraged and they should feel and be proud for their jobs. 
3 0 Add hands on courses from the high school which aligns with the job profiles of the Industries nearby the school. 
2 0 Create NANO-TECHNOLOGY jobs in our country trough PHd schoolars,scientists. 
4 0 RESPECTED MODI JEE. APANE DESH ME HAR SAAL CBSE BOOK KA PAITERN BADAL DIYA JATA HAI HAR SAAL KITABE CHANGE EK BACHCHE KI KITAB DUSARE GARIB BACHCHE KO USE NAHI KAR PATE PL HAR SAL CBSE KI KITABE CHANGE N KARANE DE . ESASE MIDDLE CLASS AND GARIBO PAR BAHUT FARK PADATA HAI UMMID KAR RAHA HU KI AAP MERI ES REQUEST KO AMAL ME LAYEGE. 
0 0 namste sir sir rajasthan mai ek govt. mba college hona chahiye 
0 0 G8 Work Together..... 
0 0 Dear Modi ji Nameste our country is very poor country because lack of education  people are not able to get education. so provide better education 
0 0 Dear Modi ji Namaste Our country was poor people please consider our peoples career was important and younger boys and girls hard worker in this country so immediate projects launch village first important water and food 
0 0 Direct Selling is the future...govt 	should bring proper regulation...5years down the line every third person will b part of this industry directly or indirectly.. 
0 0 Indian government employee expance is very high, it is paid by indian people tax. But there service r redculas so need to transparancy & one structure like citzen charted tat for work , & panlty for same if not done work in tat, it is also be in first priorty work for government 
0 0 Indian education is very good , but not structed not balanced, urgently need all india board & education r same for all state so indian all kids have chance to grow same cader & no confusion for parents also 
0 0 India need urgent science & technology only one thing is not with india because of last 50 year poor governs,  so there is a necessary govern focus on science & technology in education & practical support which indian have a talented but no money for rnd in science. 
0 0 Dear sir, my name is dilip sharma I want meet i have a very important news only i can tell personal. dilip sharma M-09004257328 Address kandiwali Mumbai 
0 0 Make an App To Give better opportunities across sections of the society/employed please reduce filtration criteria's and the number of interview rounds and make them more suitable to absorb the less fortunate in opportunities make all employment process online leaving no scope for corruption/influence in the society let preferences be on the candidates who come from the lower income group so that a system can be put in place to uplift and give opportunities to the deprived rather then rich 
2 0 Creating of centralized employement exchange database and physical branches at mandal level.These branches should act as career centers for unemployed youth for registations,training & guidance.These exchanges should play a vital role in sourcing the skill set from the market by reaching every nook and corner of the mandal and develop the necessary skills at root level that is required for the job industry. The exchanges should act as a consualtancy b/w unemployed and industry requirement. 
0 0 Whenevr in govt needs temporary emplyoee govt asks for tender I thnk govt should appoint direct rather then getting involve Contratcor because contrctor take the all benifit of the person who is really working. 
0 0 INDIA and its Government should run an online and direct store where people can buy any things for low rate but it should be from the farmers and from the best people. Like vegetable form farmers and Mobile phones from Apple and so on. 
1 0 india mai ek isha niyam ho jis v train mai koi v log tour ke liye jante hai ya aapne ghar ke liye jante hai per platform mai bhid ke wajah se ticket nhi kharid pate hai jinke karn T.T.sahab ticket to check karte hai hi but paisa wasulete hai but woh waisa government ko nhi janti hai sidha t.t. ke paas janti hai...for exmple-agar koi technology wali machine train ke aandar ho to sayad koi bhi galti se bhi lagti nhi karega jo t.t. kedekh rekh mai hogi.......... 
4 0 Naukri.com is an example in the domain. Government should digitalized employment office and registration should be open for virtual level too. Government can adopt PPP mode for the solution further these employment centers should connect with government PG colleges. Lot many ideas can be endorse in planning for such model. 
2 0 the main reason of the decrease of quality of our education is the avoidance  or underestimate of the post of teacher . The teachership is not so much attracting as compare to other profession . 
1 0 Idea behind the career centres is good . But my suggestion is that from the schooling itself  provide quality to education. Now our education system is not up to the mark actually ( except IITs IIMs.) the increasing number of universities and colleges will not fulfil the quality of education.Inclusive of these kinds of career and skill development programs as a part of formal education system will help next generation and our nation will be on top 
1 0 कृपया िफर से देश को िवशव गुर बनाने मे ऍक कदम आगे बढे 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
1 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
1 0 और अपना कार्य पूरी ईमानदारी से करेंगे। जो शिक्षक किसी जुगाड़ के चलते शिक्षक बने है और  पढाने में असमर्थ है वो स्वयं अपना इस्तीफा सरकार को सौंप देंगे। शिक्षा के स्तर में अचानक उछाल आ जाएगा और अपने देश के बच्चे भी मिसाल कायम करेंगे। और उनका इलाज भी  सरकारी अस्पताल में ही करवाना जरुरी हो ताकि अस्पतालों की  हालत में भी सुधार  आ सके जो भी मित्र इस पोस्ट को पढ़ रहे है अगर यह सुझाव अच्छा लगे। तो कृपया excuite kare 
2 0 पूरे भारत में यह नियम लागू किया जाना चाहिए कि जो भी व्यक्ति सरकारी नौकरी में है। चाहे वो कलेक्टर हो  या SP या कोई अन्य कर्मचारी। सभी के बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल में ही  पढेंगे और जिनके बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल में न पढते हो उन्हें सरकारी नौकरियों सेनिकाल दिया जाए।सभी लोग समझ सकते है कि जब जिले के कलेक्टर  और SP तथा अन्य अधिकारीयों के बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल में पढ़ना आरम्भ कर देंगे, तो उन स्कूल में शिक्षा  का स्तर क्या होगा ? और शिक्षक किस तरह की पढाई वहाँ रवाएँगे। सभी शिक्षक स्कूल समय पर आएँगे 
6 0 Respected Sir, I would like to drag your attention towards reservation in the field of education. As I am attached to the same system and i feel there should be no reservation on the basis of Caste in spite of this it should be on the basis of Financial Position of the candidate. I use to see those who belongs to OBC, SC & ST quota they are availing all the advantages of the system but not deserving. Against it those who belongs to General Quota, deserving but not getting any assistance 
1 0 Today, i was searching faculty profile, i found that we depend on knowledge-less people, they don't teach proper any subject. so we don't have perfect knowledge of any subject. students are facing trouble and government getting vote. first we should requite fully qualified teacher they should able to give proper direction to students. government should evaluate performance of teacher every three year, if any on found work-less then government should give some training that case.. 
2 0 What exactly we need is 'the development of skill for employment' not degrees unnecessarily M.A, B.A. M.Sc. B.Sc. B.Tech etc. Education should be redefined in terms of personal development not as a tool of 'naukri'. We need to stop the production of 'white elephants' from our schools and universities. And the last but the most important thing that GOI must do: Assure and insure the future of agriculture and motivate the youth to go for agriculture as it is the primary source of our existence. 
0 0 for village students who have income less than 1lakh ,provide free education,if we do this after 5 years we find the developed india 
0 0 Good 
0 0 For better skill development the existing infra of engineering institute can be used instead of opening new iit's and iim's because this would result into new scams and we should focus on improving skills of faculty in engineering college which make in turn skilled and knowledgeable work force for better india............ 
3 0 Hello ! Sir I've B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering and i am interested in CIVIL SERVICES EXAM (UPSC) but there are no subjects related to  Computer Science & Engineering. Can we add any subject related to this. I think it is true that without IT(CSE) we can't progress of our INDIA at world level. 
0 0 hi , i am milind, i am jobless person first think people don't know which field going to best career. second think each person giving knowledge for education. 
0 0 I believe we need to implement major reforms in our educational structure to have the better skill & opportunities in all sectors. Academic qualification should interlinked with the professional qualification. If a child wants to be a doctor then his/her academic education should start with including all professional aspects with the academic one. 
1 0 A very good initiative by Government. But rather making investments in this primarily should target the schools as mandatory career period in secondary section, where by this subject will especially be managed by government. This will help maintain the quality. And the first initiative for the career Gov, should take is keep an audit at present for gov schools. Lets, first bring equality in private and government school education quality and start this project at equality. 
0 0 Providing them with job would not solve the purpose instead training should designed in such a way that they become self reliant and proud citizens.Career Centers should focus on bringing out talent and interest from individuals. Holistic objective should be to provide them confidence so that they can get prepared for their last job. Emphasis should be given on developing soft skills. Region specific occupational training can be provided to them in addition with training on work ethics. 
2 0 One Career Center should be there in every district. Career classes should be made mandatory in schools and colleges. An online website mentioning all the sectors would be a good initiative. Experienced professional should be asked to share their views about their experience in that field, their likes, dislikes and how far do they think this field will go. 
0 0 Might be an idea to follow the way Job Centers operate in England and Wales. Not one but many many in each district and town. Possibly a center locally for a population of every 200-300 students to avoid mad rush. It should be a place with facilities and resources that can guide and provide aspirants with available training opportunities, job opportunities locally and regionally. 
0 0 Qnet is an awesome oportunity to each and every person my journey with Qnet is just 3 months but it's really life changing org. Not only that but also creating best opportunity for entrepreneurs.I am very lucky of part of this org 
1 0 Let people stop fighting for few jobs.Let everyone get to know about various opportunities that will remove unemployment.eg setting a football school or y can't a farmer given pay to give lecture on agriculture for youth.Let's have a broad mind 
1 0 Employment or self employment 2 For engineering and technical education college are more but quality education is problem several college don't have workshops teaching staff and only on theory basis it is not possible to get job so strict guidelines require to implement otherwise unemployment defiantly increase because now a days quality is focus and if don't have quality you will be isolated so first take review of all technical college and if don't have infrastructure close it  also base of 
1 0 Basic things is we have to change as per requirement of market and government the syllabus in our country is based on past in which all old method of education as replace to market conditions 1 Changes require in basis of new features as B A B Com BSC has need major syllabus change because 70% of student takes admission for such course and majority of employment from this section so sandwich pattern should adopt and same time some skill development course add to this syllabus to increase 
3 0 Guidance on self-employment and entrepreneurship is again very good initiative. If proper guidance and training is provided in career center by train professional as per job seeker skill then it would give 110% sure shot successful career to our people. Request please give age relaxation to all. As  per daily need expenses, in  private jobs their is nothing called pension nor future medical expense and illness cover govt. nor company provides after retirement. job will serve all till we works. 
1 0 This is very good initiative taken up by govt., certain points need to be checked here, after job seeker registration, if as per job seeker skill if proper training of one week is given in NCS then it will be 100%  sure shot successful career for any body. I request govt. not to involve NGO's self help group, BDO in this. I noticed what they present and show in social circle and in media, they never work what they present. so before taking any NGO, govt. please check facts n figure. 
3 0 Career Centers and Technical schools for development of skills on the German model are the same idea and GOVT of India should take help from German GOVT on this basic Programme. 
0 0 sir my article    Crowdsourcing of ideas for proposed Career Centres 
1 0 o create interest in children for age old profession i.e.AGRICULTURE- we need to provide them practical platform in shape of AN OPEN MUSEUM. wherein they can feel and work practically in the field-like situations. I have complete blue print with me which may be submitted for implementation. 
0 0 To create interest in children for age old profession i.e.AGRICULTURE- we need to provide them practical platform in shape of AN OPEN MUSEUM.  wherein they can feel and work  practically in the field-like situations.  I have complete blue print with me which  may be submitted for implementation. 
0 0 #CareerCenter Make compulsory registration of the portal in every college through their training and placement division.Every registered company in india must put their job openings first in the portal.so that youth get to know current openings and eligiblity criteia and deadlines.create online transprancy such that there won't be need of geographical catchment.awarness in every college while taking admission to finalyear resigstration must be complusary for job portal whichwill public outreach. 
0 0 sir good safety thinking for all people any department follow all people 
1 0 Better roads and tansport system to leads to better life steyel 
0 0 Rest and Service Areas or better known as the  RSAs or R&R are well maintained facilities that provide traveller a stop point during their long distance trip. Located every 80 to 100 kilometers, these facilities are well maintained to ensure every highway user is made to feel as comfortable as possible to enjoy their journey. Our rest and service areas (RSAs) are continuously upgraded and improved upon, with par http://www.plus.com.my/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=75&I... 
0 0 modi ji apne election se pahle mahila suraksha ki baat ki thi lekin ab tak koi bhi sahi kadam nahi uthaya apne. meri request hai apse ki UP ke badau ke garib kissano ki betiyo ke sath amanviya harkat karne walo ko sansad me vidheyak parit karke fansi ki saja dijiye aur delhi ke nirbhaya kand ke bhi sabhi aaropiyo ko jald se jald sansad me vidheyak parit karke fansi dijiye. jin dalito ki wajah se satta me hai kam se kam unko to nayay dijiye. 
0 0 Career centres should focus on a) making every livelihood a respectable career b) channelizing the right talent to the right career c) Providing the deserved breakthrough for the talented d) Delinking monetary gains from career scouting e) Provide window for grievance redressal post placement f) Eradicate bureaucratic approach as well as conman approach on the career needs of another. 
0 0 #CareerCentre First of all we need to identify the problems that we are trying to solve by creating crowdsourcing career centers.  Meaning are we creating transparency between job seekers and recruiters.. Is it for government careers or private or both.. is this to avoid bribe channel in government sectors ?..initially we can start with 1. creating global job posting portal for all government sectors 2. crowd sourcing job recruitment portal that can match qualification and suggest jobs 
0 0 Take a look at this video see what China is doing to its roads.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTrg9fTJvmA Can we start planning ahead and build roads to avoid jams? 
0 0 1. Suggested Name for career centre:Pragathi Margadharshak 2.Trained career centre officers could organize seminars in schools/colleges with focus on following key points: The students be made aware of job/entrepreneurship development opportunities available by pursuing educational programs other than mostly preferred B.E./M.B.B.S.,. Awareness be brought on various vocational training programs offered by various government institutes, training provided by MSME development institute, C-DAC etc. 
0 0 माननिय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय, महाराष्ट्र के विदर्भ प्रांत मे सबसे ज्यादा किसानों ने आत्महत्याएँ कि है.क्या आप किसानो कि बढती आत्महत्याऍ रोखने हेतू कोई कदम उठानेवाले है ? @ उज्वलकुमार म्हस्के,औरंगाबाद,महाराष्ट्र. 
0 0 It's a great idea to create a job portal with opportunity to apply online. Original certificates can be produced at the time of interview. It would be very user-friendly and inexpensive. No need to run to post offices who often offer poor service. 
0 0 DEAR SIR AAP KE DVARA LAGU KIYE GYE BANK MITRO KA MANDEY V SUVIDHYE BANK MITRO KO PRADAN KARNE KI RUCH NA TO BANK LE RHE HAI AUR NA HI ADHIKARI V COMPANY JISSE BANK MITRO KI UTSUKTA KAM HO RAHI HAI V EK SHICHHIT VARG APNA PURN SAHYOG SAMAJ KO NHI DE PA RHA HAI...SO PLZ REMIND YOUR TALK 
1 0 Sir Creat two centers in two different ministries. First Center for Domestic Placments Under the ministry of Labour Second Placment cell under the Department of Foriengh Labours. It will give us clear picture of required man force under one umbrella. 
1 0 Why not have career centres for older retired or middle age people? Especially nearer urban centers where cost of living is high and children might not be able to look after parents. Also,  elders can contribute so much to society. 
0 0 What personally noticed that a B.E. who's going to complete his degree by the next few weeks don't even aware of the problem our technical industries facing & on which challenges to be solved for the growth & development instead of being an expert in it ... Sorry for this but are we making well 'educated' stupids ??? 
0 0 Respected Sir... I am doing my engineering now . And I have noticed some serious issues that are responsible in failure or we can say .. 'Defective Engineers !' I know India was & is a peak of knowledge & versatility but though this 'real' & modern knowledge is only limited to the IITs & IIMs ordinary colleges don't have the mentality to offer the modern research topics in our daily routine all we daily notice is that we are in the colleges just for taking good marks ! 
0 0 VillagePanchayats in the country and to use the hall  a LTD company  ओपन लिंक http://kishan13g.blogspot.in 
0 0 Respected sir, i hari prasad.j in my aim making digital india very good concept. as i am being telecom engineer i am very much interested in making india digital hub 
1 0 Respected sir, I am listing about SUKANYA SCHEME for girl in banking and post-office sector.My daughter is two months old, I am interested in open account under this scheme but sir,there is a problem that after maturity (21 years) only the girl have to power to withdrawal the maturity amount. Sir,my suggestion is after maturity without absence of parents only the girl cannot withdrawal the amount.At the time of withdrawal,parents and girl both signature should be compulsory. 
0 0 Respected sir, I am listing about SUKANYA SCHEME for girl in banking and post-office sector.My daughter is two months old, I am interested in open account under this scheme but sir,there is a problem that after maturity (21 years) only the girl have to power to withdrawal the maturity amount. Sir,my suggestion is after maturity without absence of parents only the girl cannot withdrawal the amount.At the time of withdrawal,parents and girl both signature should be compulsory. 
0 0 In order to make these career centres efffective and result oriented they must 1)provide career councelling at two stages-after 10th std and after 12th std. 2)every student and every school must be covered ,even students completing studies privately must also be brought into foray of discussions and talk seminars. 3)these centres must converge students ,schools,universities all over the nation and abroad so as to disseminate information regarding various competitions held. 
1 0 सरकारी portal होने से आर उसमे Employee कि Data प्रबिष्ट होने से सुबिधा होगा,जाहा स्किल,उमर के अनुसार भाग होगा,आर सर आगर नोकरी के उमर 50 साल किया जाये‌-(सारे reservation उठाके सच्छ राजनीति देश कि प्रगति मे गति-राजनीति नेहि काम पे मति-नीति सोच लानेसे आभारी रहुन्गा)-जादा उमर बाले को कुछ आलग सुबिधा दिया जाने से पिछला सरकार के गलत नीति के कारण अबहेलित,युबा (आज उ 45-48 के आसपास होगिया) को दिशा मिलेगा,सारे खबर मोबाइल के माध्धम मिलने से सुबिधा होगा,नेट सब के पाश उपल्ध नेहि, 
0 0 AS I HAD MENTIONED EARLIER IN SKILL DEVELOPMENT SCHEMES WHEREIN USE YOUNG SKILLED YOUTH AS YOUNG RESEARCHERS FOR STUDY, DEVELOPMENT AND LEARN OFFICIAL JOBS, FIELD JOBS ETC FOR TWO YEARS OF INDIAN SERVICE. CREATE A SPECIAL PROGRAMME COMPULSORY FOR ALL INDIANS HOW IT IS DONE IS SINGAPORE IT WILL WORK IT WILL CREATE INDIAN AWARENESS AND DEDICATION. TRY THIS IT WILL WORK. RGDS RAM 
0 0 Every school student should be given a minimum level of skill so that if required he can earn a bit & support his family or can continue his studies . I've seen students of KVs frustated due to lack of skills & unable to continue his studies. After spending 12 years in school if one is unable to sustain himself then something needs to be changed. 
0 0 Sir as ypu rightly said our schools can play an important part in skill development .schools should be used as  career centers for poor students to make them skilled. Our kendriya vidyalas have good infrastrutures & therefore can be used as computer education for poor children , chemistry labs should be used for soil testing etc. 
0 0 Govt should encourage all call centres in small town like Ludhiana Jammu  North east etc .atleast govt psu can run their centres from these cities like Indian oil  Gail gas  IGL  air India etc govt should  centres for good communication etc 
0 0 govt should move all call centres to 
0 0 make a user friendly website for crowdsourcing uniques business ideas and project (to be made sure that is well backed by government and private organisations) websites like: www.kickstarter.com difference between kickstarter and this website would be that it would be backed by government organisation in all means: financially (Tax Free), Funding (loans/Investments) etc. 
0 0 Namaskar Sir Modiji Career Centers Name : Yuvamitra Centers, all students are doing in tenth standard they will do One practical project their lively hoods products & latest technologies. In India every man do job after 18 years. And all companies should enroll in centers for employees. Then employment generated. Employees should select in practical project students. 
0 0 Crowdsourcing,let name it Human Resource Tapping for the sake of Nation of India.How to channelize those Human resource mobilization , managed ideas, which we do the most innovative technology, we are ready to shares for mutual growth and job creations by means of guided manners.visit us www.cntrlpos.com , Even our joint ventures along with new software managed systems creates more skilled jobs based on RFID Technology. 
0 0 Namaste Modiji, As you are going to speak about farmers & issues related to farming, it is good time to tell people about your vision, planning & current status of river inter linking project. For India it will be great service of yours if you will be able to successfully complete that project. Vijayi Bhavo..... Gopesh 
0 0 For Railway cleaning and food take public opinion. If food and cleaning is not good don't give contract amount to contractor. For this we can make an app. connecting through PNR number 
0 0 I believe instead of opening up a center is an advance step however people of particular locality must be fully aware of what the government planning for that.  There should be skits first and let people understand as what and why it will be beneficial for them and how. 
0 0 शायद इस प्रकार की कई योजनाये वर्तमान में है परन्तु दुर्भाग्य पूर्ण बात ये है की जिन हांथो में ये जिम्मेदारी सौंपी जाती है वो कुछ / अधिक मुनाफे के लालच में योजना को दीमक की भाँति खोखला कर देते है। 
0 0 If we want every one should get benefit of career centers with skill development. My Government should open career centers at every local area/mohalla with admission for every illiterate and above 15age also including various kind of small skills, works, trainings for skilled helpers and labors with practical knowledge. 
0 0 Career centres should focus on a) making every livelihood a respectable career b) channelising the right talent to the right career c) Providing the deserved breakthrough for the talented d) Delinking monetary gains from career scouting e) Provide window for grievance redressal post placement f) Eradicate bureaucratic approach as well as conman approach on the career needs of another 
0 0 tagline = 'sabka vikaas sabko kaam sabki samridhi' brand name = 'purusharth kendra' or 'karmayogi kendra' 
0 0 Private placement providing fake institutions should be banned. Government may come forward and take initiative of this thing. Government agency may tie up with private sectors and provide students details to them as per their requirement. Government should start such agency. Government is taking good care of education but what after that? 
0 0 give the chance to youth for entrepreneur.. 
0 0 1. Career centres must collect data of youth in their area and then categories this data according to different skills. Then contact various private agencies and ask them to select talent from these available skills. 2. Career Guidance seminars must be organised to time for youth of different educational background at block and district level. 3. Entrepreneurship training must be provided by such candidates for the youth, so that they can produce jobs for others. 
1 0 PLEASE ban those private institutes who make fool of people & take money without giving proper education to them . Because many students take admissions there & about 80% are middle class, they had to suffer after this. #PrivateInstitutes #Fake 
0 0 1) Providing Internships to fresh graduates should be made compulsory not only in Industries but also in Governance for all the  India. (2) Introduction of Government own career centers along with career counselors for everyone.(Will provide directions to new age (3) Introduction of self defence or military training made mandatory for all citizens before graduation. 
0 0 Those who are implementing projects and are working in field shall be given free hand for handling field problems with justifications  and transparency rather them binding them with rules, which itself were designed / defined long back. 
0 0 Recruitment Rules and Qualification / Experience for CEOs in PSU/ Autonomous Bodies shall be uniform. As on date the Max Age for few post in Addl Secretary Rank is 50 Years where as in few case it is 58 Years. All recruitment to CEOs of Add Secretary rank shall have same maximum age , qualification / Experience specific to requirement of organistation rather than general.For Scientific organistations minimum First class through out the career from metric onwards shall be mandate for better cont 
0 0 Recruitment for CEOs of PSU and Autonomous organistations is made through ACC and thus they shall be treated at par with Govt service, as all Govt. rules and regulations are applicable for day today working. Free hand in handling and decision making is required within the framework of policies. A well defined manual is required to be framed to avoid ambiguity in DoP/ Financial power/ Recruitment etc. As on date all Autonomous bodies in general work as Govt department rather than autonomous body 
0 0 For skill development and capacity building, there shall be common platform for synergy and common guidelines for assessment/ project funding/examination conduction etc. For enhancing employability Industrial tie ups shall be encouraged. In in light of RTI and Vigilance we generally discourage this, Restricting Industrial association. 
0 0 In every single sector and office of the government, if you digitalize the work, then, eventually, there will be lot of opportunities and scope for almost every kind of roles and responsibilities. Also, I would like to add that interview process needs to be more transparent for selection of any post. Second, please choose the deserved candidates. I can openly say that not all govt officials are selected based on merit or ability, but the ability to bribe/Quota. I have heard this pain from many. 
0 0 Need to invest money in industrial training so that every interesting person can access the facility and use for career establishment. Small industries may boost employment so training  centre should be ava 
2 0 I am an a hardware engineer since 1999, But no  job, no work, pls improve job career by experience.... Because no food from work for me.pls take a looking a solution like me Thank pls take my suggestion 
1 0 Please launch "Digital University of INDIA" so that anyone can get Degree Certificate free Because of current Education system is very costly Eg. Engineering Fee in self finance Colleges per year approximately one lakh Sir is it Education Fee??? Less Governments Colleges and also include Reservation rule so that everyone not get admission in Government College Other than that only one option available take admission in private colleges If U have no Degree No JOB , What to do?? 
0 0 1. Person getting job/benefit from Career Center should be attributing for managing. 2. Senior Citizens may contribute 3. Incorporate the Digital India in School syllabus, so that children learn and they have the desire to do something for nation from schooling itself as its a very good platform, which can be beneficial to society rather than spending time on fb. 4. College / School which has computer courses should ask all student to enroll into mygov.nic.in and rewarded if post good idea. 
0 0 (1) Providing Internships to fresh graduates should be made mandatory for all the industries in india. This will reduce the job literacy rate. (2) Introduction of Government own career centres along with career counsellors for everyone.(Will provide directions to new age (3) Introduction of self defence or military training made mandatory for all citizens before graduation. (4) Centralised Research database connecting all indian universities, schools and scientific research discoveries. 
0 0 I would like to request to Mr.Prime Minster is please omit rule of throughout 60 % of IT companies so that each and every one could get chance to work in IT INDUSTRY 
1 0 CHANGE NAME FROM INDIA TO BHARAT WILL GET OLD IDENTITY. 
0 0 GOOD INFRASTRUCURE WILL HELP TO MAKE SWACHH BHARAT & ATTRACT WORLD TO INVEST IN BHARAT(INDIA). 
0 1 EASY LAW & TAX STRUCURE SYSTEM  HONESTLY WILL BUILD A STRONG NATION. 
1 0 LITERATE,WISDOM BHARAT(INDIA) WILL SOLVE EVERY PROBLEM. 
1 0 The biggest threat to Indian families due to Liberalized economic policies is by way of family elders loosing their Job and stranded without any alternative by 45 or 50. The youngest who got in to job is also getting overburdened with these unemployed elders. Why not facilitate retention and redeployment of elders by incentives such as tax exemption? Also zero IT for men above 50 and women above 45 for annual take home of less then ₹500000 should be done without waiting for next budget. 
0 1 Here im looking as a handicappe by my face and eyes. But no one dr. Is giving me the handicape certificate. I go authority for making my driving licence but they told me go to the dr. And bring the medical for that. Please tell someone what i do i m only the source of income of my family. Attaching my pic 
1 1 # Career Center- Career centers to also take care of the handicapped youth... career counselling for them should be done. Hiring for special educators to take care  of their needs. Industries, factories and companies to train them and absorb them in their area of work. Their skill to be developed in the best possible way. Their registration and employment needs to be taken care by the career center. This will be a huge step in transforming life of the individuals. 
0 0 Sir aap se nivedan hai ki aap CAPForce walo ko bhi samanta de aur army ki tarah pension aur free medical suvidha aur Cantene ki suvidha uplabdh karaye. CAPForce walo ko bhi X-MEN ka darja de kyonhi sir jo kam army karti hia wohi kam CAPForce bhi karti hai. to asi asamanta kyo? Asha hai ki aap isme jaroor vichar karenge aur is pareshani ka Hal jaroor nikalenge dhanyavad amit singh (uttrakhand) 
0 0 we need to identify the skills in students, and them to develop his dreams effectively in terms of career 
1 1 Skill Development is highly required to the youth. We are good in mugging up our texts and also gathering hither-tether information with our current exposure. But to even speak out a few OWN thoughts in front of a crowd without getting stumped between words is almost impossible. Centers which cater to the youths skill & personal development that can be then imparted towards a job would be highly useful. There are million aspirants who would be delighted with this opportunity. 
0 0 Hello modiji Hygiene knowledge k bina Clean India possible Nahi hain. so 10th or 10th +2 me hygiene ka subject hona chahiye. Duniya k mostly schools me hygiene ka subject hota hain. There is lack of hygiene knowledge in india. without hygiene knowledge its impossible to achieve our goal of Clean India solution :- 1 Smsll new sub of hygiene in 10th or 10+2 Regards Patel Ashok Jay Hind 
0 0 Resp sir.. NH 33 (ghatsila to baharagora) me itne gaddhhe hai jinko koi gin nahi sakta.. kya ye din ke liye humne BJP ko select kiya.. roj accident ho rahe hai... lagta hai... gaddhhe me NH hai... kamse kam repairing to karwa dijye sir 
0 0 In continuation to below comment: Aur yeh career centre school level se hi bachho ko register karna start karen aur unhe aage tak follow karen, social media par bhi active hoo..Updates dalte rahen... 
0 0 Sirji, mai to career centre use organization ko manunga jo mera resume lele, mere saare education, experience, id proof, add proof jama kar le aur mujhe mere skill ke accordingly job dilwa de. India me saare jobs, pvt. ya phir govt., in career centre ke through hi lagen. Desh ke poore yuva ko pata hone chahiye ki job yahan se milegi. Sabhi register ho. Ek data bhi maintain hoga. Abhi jo Emp. Exchge hai, sab bekar hai, 8 saal ho gaye naam register karaye, aaj tak to koi job alert aaya nahi... 
1 0 there should be the free career center for competitive examinations in each district. 
0 0 todays bank suffering so much labour problums for filing & mainanance of record. same problums facing in public related govt. dept. courts revenue dept like rto . train & involve the unemployed educated youth. appint them in daily wages basis. training them in  our centers & send them by your recomendation. I think this is the better way ... my suggestaion 
0 0 dear sir Hum Bihar Se Satish Kumar Singh Kahna yah Hai Ki Bihar ke Har Gaw me vasudha kendra hai per koi kam nahi karta Aur Jo kam Karna Chahta Hai Usko diya Nahi Jata Ab aap Hi Batao Ki digital India Kaise Banega. office me agar jao to Koi sahi dhang se bat nahi karta to kam kya karenge sirf sellry lena jante hai. Ab Hamko hi le lijiye 2 month ho gya siwan jila ke darauli block ke don se hu yaha ke basudha kendra ka OTP ID nahi de pa rahe hai 10000 ka DD le liye aur kam kuch nahi 
0 0 all graduates or tech,PhD students must be instructed to give free coaching to nation citizens for minimum 1 year.certificate should be given by government for this.this certificate must be shown at the tume of getting job. 
1 1 #NSC Bringing Partners / Team Members Together : There are many types of business or Ventures which cannot be started individually ; In spite of having required skills one is not able to utilize his talent as long he don't have the required team (such as Software Development, Education Centre, Multimedia or Film Making). Here NSC can play an important role to bring different people in contact with each other so that they can together supplement each other for good career opportunity 
0 1 #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov unemployment from india can be totally cured !!! we call anyone unemployed if he/she is not working in governments( state n central) firm,private firm (this include all from grocery shop to large industry) or not earning either on daily or monthly or annually basis. now think how many citizens come under this category...  u will find no one .. not a single citizen. 
0 0 WhatsApp should first ask the subject from the subscriber on which he wants to give information which should be classified at home page.it should not allow Blogs..it should limit to only 100words.photos should not be allowed lest it overloads .unilateral communication is of no use.some feed back like   Noted for action. Or rejected or send a detailed email etc. 
0 0 Please allow individuals to work as Consultant if they meet critria to focus on entreprenuership in this domain. 
1 0 Young generation to be utilized in service sector. Retirement age still can be reduced to 55 in a phased manner. Secondly, services of the person above the age of 55 to utilized in government / companies as an expert / specialist / advisories etc till the age of 70 or their physical / mental fitness permits 
0 0 Data of manpower with the skill orientation to be called from all the companies. In second stage, the manpower requirement data from the companies to be updated instantly. Thirdly, a software with manual trimming to match the job with the inspiring candidates. Tracking of candidate and job to be monitored till it finalised 
0 0 #NationalCareerService: Keeping MSME in mind, and the huge financial aide coming through MUDRA bank, the career centers should concentrate on building  localised but 'on demand' skills. They need not come through formal education basis. Skills of employability can be locally identified through the surging Industry pattern. All institutions should extend space n guidance to accommodate these "Career Centers". 
0 0 we should give freedom to everyone to choose their careers.  >> give equity in education >> centralized board and exam for peoples hiring according according to talents. >> Display all government vacancies according to branch. 
0 0 "Career corner of india"-rojgar pane k liye district leval,than state leval and than national leval comman exam hona chahiye....or result k adhar pr job milna chahiye.... Degree or diploma to aajkal sabhi ko paise dekar kharidna pad raha h.....example. b.ed d.ed in m.p........100000/- rs se 200000/- tak fees li ja rahi h.... 
0 0 # career portal -Today the youth of country do not have information portal where they can get details of kind of job vacancies, skill required, experience, labour laws, counselling, redress their problems. So a portal where we can get all these details. #Enterpenours The details of where they can get details on business start up,rules,employment etc.can be guided with links. # Job vacancies the portal can have link to vacancies in govt,private companies. # EXPERT ADVICE PORTAL. 
0 0 #CareerCentre 1. These centers should have complete online presence 2. They should cover both skilled as well as non skilled jobs 3. existing private Man power agencies should become secondary affiliates to these centers 4. Social security benefits for unemployed should be distributed through these centers and the amount distributed is a good metric to measure the performance of each center 5. Collect amount in person not DBT, this will ensure beneficiaries don't skip available jobs 
0 0 #mygov Increase in job opportunities by increasing the goverment jobs not TRADITIONAL ones, people need some private job kind of environment in goverment jibs now this will create more occupancy #make_in_india can be benificial and to advance the recuriting process like online so that distant people can also approch. CS and IT sector lacks jobs in goverment which is a DISADVANTAGE because the people who are actually able are working in private companies which intern needed by government! 
0 0 diamond industry in india is facing disasterous attack by CVD diamond,which is probably made in lab & imported from CHINA / RUSSIA. THIS CVD DIAMOND IS NOT ONLY RUINING THE TRADITIONAL INDUSTRY BUT ALSO PROVIDING EDGE TO THE PRODUCING COUNTRY LIKE CHINA. WE SHOULD FIRST CHECK WEATHER WE CAN PRODUCE THE SAME CVD ROUGH IN INDIA & ALSO PROVIDE SOME PROTECTIVE ATMOSPHERE TO NATURAL/REAL DIAAMOND INDUSTRY OR PROMOTE IT GLOBALLY TO REDUCE THE ADVERSE EFFACT OF THE COMPETITIVE BENIFIT TO CHINA 
0 0 Emitra (Rajasthan) is a Good Concept of Employement for Computer Generation. 
1 0 Rice bran oil is a relatively new entrant in the category of cooking oils and perhaps the healthiest.The outer layer of the rice grain is called bran and the oil is extracted from this brown husk.  It can be used for sautéing, grilling, marinades and is great in salad dressings. It’s light and quite versatile as India is one of the world's largest producers so this could be future oil the can bring good revenue to farmers and nation 
1 0 Respected prime minister, kindly see the PDF file 
1 0 Dear Sir, One Idea of Digital India which may resolve many issues including finance issue for government is to make each city a free wifi city. And if anyone wants to use free wifi then he or she has to fill a detail form giving field of interest, education qualification and many more. Then let the big companies pay government for sending advertisements to the users as per the interest. Just like Yellow Pages. Once it was a burden for telephone department to print and now asset for all. 
0 0 A good initiative. 
3 0 Respected Prime Minister sir,We need your help to make india digital and more advanced but we lack resources ,kindly give your time & find the persons who really want to do something for the country,but not living metros,& thus they are not being notified,we can also help you in many ways thus I request you to kindly pay your attention to small town and launch a portal where small town entrepreneur can meet  can suggest their ideas. Thanks PM Sir 
1 0 The companies running in small cities can also train the students like a big company does.Respected Prime Minister Sir,I request you to kindly review the software companies who are locates in small cities and give them a chance to perform.The companies in delhi & noida are very close to you they can contact you but what about us we are also doing the same thing but being in small city we don't get chance to participate,so give us a chance by helping us in all means,so that we can also deliver. 
0 0 Suggestion for Pregnant women in IT sectors.I am IT engineer.As everyone knows private companies generally not worry about employee issue as most of the companies in India are not employee friendly.My main concern adding flexi timing(reduce the working hours(6or7 hours)in Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.As pregnant women cannot sit for long working hours as it is harmful for mothers,As the new born babies are future of our upcoming world.Please take the measures for the good of society and women. 
0 0 I run a small Software company is RaeBareli(UP).Devine Software & Technologies(gateway to the software indsutry).My suggestion is that the small cities students have to move to big cities for better technology course,so government should do something for the companies who are running is small cities.We can make students learn better in less cost so that a poor background child should also make hi entry in s/w company.I am doing this in RaeBareli I want help from my government.we can also do best 
0 0 We should develop our villager child and his mentality.When villager get develop than our country automatic get develop. I request to you.Please track the facility which is provide by the government. Some facility not reached the villager. Thanks and Regards Sandeep Kumar Singh 
0 0 Namaste Everyone!Here is my small suggestion,to develop traffic Signal application. which can work in GPRS system. Ambulance to reach hospital in time. 
0 0 In govt offices due to a 9 to 5.30 time, people are now suffering from time pressure. It will be very helpful if SAFAL shops selling vegetables, milk and bread etc be opened, high class gyms and canteens be opened in offices for which interested people will pay a nominal fees, yoga classes be started in offices so that people want to come early and stay late not due to biometric pressure but due to their own wish. 
0 0 sir agar govt. employee ka childerns govt school ma hi study kare. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM sir, It is high time to start more jobs which can be done by reducing all govt vacancies, employing contractual workers for every job except for confidential posts. 
0 0 Respected Sir,  We have written lots of time about how to improve education but could not see any effect.  We have to save girls more and also increase the facility to her for education and their security. We have to make a low for it.  All government employees(minister,IAS,IPS,Judges etc)  kids should be study in Government school as least till 12 class. After you will find automatically improve all girls security and facility in all school. Please take action on this plan. 
0 0 Need to create to dedicated faculties and teaching staff for each branch of education.Participation from industry for each ITI of near by to be made mandatory . A special tax rebate to be offered to the concern industry for their participation for this edcucation. 
1 0 सर नमश्कार म.प्र. में म.प्र.जन अभियान परिषद् के नाम से 1 विभाग संचालित है जिसमें प्रतिवर्ष प्रति विकासखंड 10 ग्रामों का चयन किया जाता है उन ग्रामों को प्रस्फुटन ग्राम का नाम दिया जाता है । इन ग्रामों में प्रस्फुटन समिति द्वारा 1 कार्यालय का संचालन किया जाता है जिसे जन सूचना केंद्र कहा जाता है। इसे ग्रामीणों द्वारा ही संचालित किया जाता है। इन केन्द्रो में विभिन्न शासकीय योजनाओं से जुड़े आवेदनों को ग्रामीणों को उपलब्ध कराया जाता है। इस विभाग के इन केंद्रों को आप आजीविका केंद्र बना सकते है। 
0 0 Sir, Mughe bhi Har Ghar Ko Ek Job ke project mein mauka dijiye Maine hi sarvapratham aapse iske liye likha tha facebook par bhi aur my gov.in par . Sir maine facebook par apni Har ghar ko ek job page bhi banaya hai. Bas sir meri tammanna hai ki  Garibo ke pariwar se shuru karein iss project ko Guarantee hai ki Pass me hai paisa to sari suvidha bina kisi meharbani ke garib pariwar le sakta hai. bas isme ek shart rahni chahiye 1- Mata pita ko hamesha saath rakhna hoga. 2- sanyukt pariwar lagoo 
0 0 Sir, Abhi post kiya usme mistake ho gayi pratham aapse HAR GHAR KO EK JOB KA PLAN SHURU karne ko kaha tha. Thanks for select my idea and in this budget you give 1 person job in every family . Sir in this plan bharat ka har pariwar santusht ho jayega. TO WAH ROTI KAPDA AUR MAKAN PA JAYEGA TO KYUN BANDOOK UTHAYEGA. AUR ROTI KAPADA AUR MAKAN Use apni mehanat se MILEGA kyoni HAANTH MEIN yogyatanusar KAM HOGA . PRACTICALLY HAR GHAR KE HISAB SE EK VYAKTI KO USKI YOGYATA NUSAR JOB DIYA JA SAKTA HAI. 
0 0 career centres should divided into three levels- Low, middle and higher level. For low levels means from 8th class to 10 class it should stared like for boys tv repairs, home appliance mechanic, AC mechanic etc.. for girls it should Machine, Embrodiry works etc.. for middle levels means for +11 to till pg, in this levels computer repairs cell repairs and Education with I.T.I related works for youth both for womens and mens. For High level employes means those who dont have education should guide 
0 0 In our country most of the government schools do not have the adequate facilities. The children who can afford money are going to private schools. So the poor are still lacking in their education and their right to education.Therefore all the government schools should brought under National Career Service (NCS) and making them world class educational hubs. Introducing neighbourhood schools makes the quality education. 
0 0 Career centres for beggars and helping them earn money by working. Not teaching them skills like plumbing but introducing them to marketing and art. Teaching them skills and giving them a business sense. getting them in touch with companies and MNCs. Taking money from MNC for recruitment or taking a 10% cut from the persons salary or the profit frm d previous salary for a certain duration to sustain the centre.Establishing like the polling booths. Start frm single state then expand #NSC #MyGov 
0 0 A centre for the slums. there is so much talent in slum areas which is going wasted. These centres will help them develop their micro businesses and help them earn money and make them aware of different strategies. This center wont focus much on skills but mainly design thinking and building strategies. Having a 'Mela' in the end and displaying their work and helping them get in touch with investors. Gathering some money through the same mela by collecting tickets and having sponsers #NSC #MyGov 
0 0 Maidaan-Zindagi ki Daurh (race) mein sabse aage A centre focused towards students of class 10th and introducing them to different unconventional courses like arts & design. At the same time introducing them to jobs like plumbing and electrician and explaining how its not only the poor who do it. Using the platform to erase stereotypes of different working and economic groups. Having workshops for parents and making them aware of different courses fr their kids. #careercentre #NSC #MyGov 
0 0 Raftaar - Commitment to work People get informed by sms alerts and an app for the same. One for every few villages nearby. Recruitment activites for MNCs through this center and each MNC pays a sum to the center to be able to get people thus sustaining. Public exhibitions for outreach as well as gaining some money from tickets. Creating a mini bienalle and branding it as a top notch recruitment platform. linkage with banks so as to get visible white money in bank. #MyGov #CareerCentre #NSC 
0 0 1)R&D to develop inherent &latest technology base education 2)Wireless communication system 3)Communicate world class university 4)Open 'Help desk'for develop Radical thinking & Innovative idea implementation 5)Start the 'Employment Exchange' in every zone to training,job information,&business loan/help 6)Recall system about job/business/loan for Innovative project 7)'TALENT BANK' for easy access to exchange technology /Hear education,information,&communicate to each-other. 
0 0 mahoday nivedan hai ki rozgaar karyalaya ki tarah ek swarozgar karyalaya hona chahiye janha par saare udhyog dhando ke baare main jankari mil sake tatha unhe karne ke liye loan mil sake ............ 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नमस्कार, विदेश यात्रा हेतु हार्दिक शुभ कामना। महोदय जी प्रस्तावित आजीविका केन्द्र के सम्बन्ध में मेरा एक सुझाव है कि दायरे मे आनेवाली सभी स्कूलों का व महाविद्यालय सहित वे सभी संस्थाओं जो किसी भी प्रकार की शिक्षा प्रदान करते हों का सम्पूर्ण डाटा  एकत्र करके सभी विद्यार्थियों को परामर्श दे कि वास्तव में रोजगार क्या होता है और क्यों करते हैं। आशा करता हूं आप मानव संसाधन विकास मंत्रालय के साथ चर्चा करेंगे। धन्यवाद। आपका अभिषेक पारीक, अजमेर । 
0 0 Respected Mr.Suresh Prabhu Ji, Kindly make necessary to show id proof (voter i card/Aadhar card/Pan card) at the railway reservation window while taking railway reservation ticket. The id name should appear on the railway reservation slip(at least one name) to prevent the activities of Ticket Dalal/brokers. Suraj Prasad Singh/9999159603 
0 0 #mygov- As INDIA is democratic country there must be involvement of people,burocrates and government. APP must contains following section: 1:Online application links for passport,visa,pan card,aadhar card.driving license 2:prime minister decisions 3:links for all departmemt such as education,IT, finance etc 4:corrution solver system 5:FREE call center for all goverment schmes in india 
0 0 there will be education scheme for all 1st to 10th std. has been same in a hole country in all language is it possible to teach student like "TAPOVAN" system which is used in indian history. Every student can learn whether they can intersted. 
0 0 Customize the curriculum of government schools located in small towns/villages. Students should get exposure to knowledge and skills needed to work in the industries located near that town. E.G.In area where cotton is main crop, customize the syllabus to include lessons about cotton industry. Benefits: 1-Less migration to cities since people will have skills to find work near their town 2-Parents will encourage kids to go to school so that they learn the skills that provides employment nearby 
1 0 Sir, Linking with voter IDs by established secured network offices by Government and providing at least one person with a job assurance to a family will be a good scheme I hope. But providing one person a confirmed job in a family all over the families of our country, through Government providing jobs is not possible to everyone. So, on behalf this the private employers establishments taken by Government through some part of recognition (like a bank recognized by Government) and considering..... 
0 0 Respected Sir, the situation of government schools mainly situated at rural areas are very poor (in the term of education) students are just going to school for mid day meal and vajiphas (money) and they even don't know to write their names. Teachers are also not taking interest and only 2-3 Teachers are looking after the whole school. I have been to a primary school in UP and seen this. Govt. should take some initiatives to take care for this so that literacy rate can also increase in UP&Bihar 
1 0 Respected Sir, I have a question for all Universities of India that when they are taking test for admission then ,what is value of percentage there? i am asking this because many universities have many checking ideas ,some universities have step marking plan and many type of these things.Sir because of this many students who are able to do many things in their field , they cant do, so please sir do some thing for indian education system. 
2 0 Learn one indian and one foreign language Initiative to make our citizens more mobile. Learn one indian language other than their mother tongue and one foreign language of their choice.  This will make people more open to the national culture and become international citizens 
0 0 Life Skills Training. Provide round the year training on Life skills 1) Communication 2) Language 3) Public Speaking 4) Presentation 5) Verbal and non-verbal communication 6) Emotional intelligence 7) Basic Laws of the land 8) New language skills 
0 0 Link Course to Skill to Job to Industry to Employer 1. identify the jobs that are in demand, 2. List down skills required for these jobs, 3. Map courses that will help in acquiring skills, 4. Create a mix of eLearning, Live Virtual training & Class Room training programs, 5. Create curriculum for the courses and tag faculty - faculty can be experts from industry or from the leading institut 6. Launch the courses 7. Issue certification 8. Completion to Job application link 
2 0 1)Every job provided by any organization in any field should be posted here. 2)It should focus on overall psychological growth of young students.3)This should be the gateway for different initiatives taken by the government which invites students from different fields to contribute for any venture.4)Research is lagging in India this centre should stress on it.5)In schools things like music,painting,dance,sports,cooking should be added by this centre so that students can discover their passion. 
4 0 #CareerCenter 1. Knowledge required for Job examination need to be developed from an early stage. A reasoning subject can be included in school. 2. Training for careers should be made available online. So that anyone can access it anytime. 3. Donation for admission in school and college need to removed. So the poor talented students can get admission. 4. Government can create an website and make available all the open jobs. So every job information will be in one place and anyone can access it. 
0 0 केंद्रीय योजनाओ को लागू करने में वैसे राज्य जहा अन्य पार्टीओ की सरकार है दिलचस्पी नहीं दिखाते है इसके लिए सरकार सीधे तौर पर जिला पदाधिकारी को कार्य की निगरानी के साथ साथ समय पर कार्य पूरा करने की जबाब देही तय करना चाहिए साथ ही केंद्रीय योजनाओ के व्यापक प्रचार प्रसार की भी जरुरत है ? 
0 0 *This can be directly linked with ITI / Diploma / Universities / Graduation / Master collages *in first phase to speed up the things we can tie-up with linked in*local MLAs can be involved into this activity who can arrange job camp and data collaction along with NGOs 
0 0 If we are here for sharing our Ideas, then I am thinking about Compulsory Army Training in Education system. It should start from 5th standard. By implement this our children will be healthy & more Disciplined in their life. Also they will have much more honor about our Country. It will help our Govt. to provide more jobs and funds to our officers after retirement from their Job of Army. 
0 0 In outer rural area in India there is no library but we have cellular connection. What if whole public library books will available with their regular charges. I believe it will be very help full for student. I studied in a Hindi medium gov schooll although our school has library but we never saw sun shine in there. There are numerous books are allotted by gov but we never hear about them which is shame. 
2 0 1. Incentivize young professionals with experience in industry to share their experiences; targeted at filling the gap between academia and industry. Develop Mentor-Mentee model. 2. Have testing/profiling system to help the job seekers understand their strength, weaknesses along with career roadmap. 3. Extend the reach of Career Centers beyond cities through Internet/Portal. 4. Use schools in villages and small towns as extended career Centers. 5. Use coursera.org model - skill developmet 
1 0 Sir, We are informed to give our proposal for career centres. Sir, firstly we have to modified our education policies. Sir, the present standard of govt, school & collages is well-known to every one. Sir, due to our emphasis on private institutions the standard of Govt, School/collages is going down. Party&politics has ruined a lot. every body except poor now days moving to private institution. Sir, we have to stop it. Kindly bring amendments to the constitution for the same. 
0 0 This portal should give opportunity to industries to give skill training to job seekers. Without skills, no point in the meeting of job seekers and job providers. Industries should periodically give hands on training for interested job seekers. So this portal should connect SKILL seekers and SKILL providers as well to make this move more meaningful 
0 0 Honorable Respected Sir, I humble pray your honor that my representation for poor meritorious candidates, Kindly wave out all fees for comparative examination. Sir kindly ignore any mistake in this application. 
1 0 This portal should also show where a particular skill can be achieved. Show details of employers who are willing to provide industrial training. Most educated population in India are unskilled. So we have to have JOB Seekers, JOB providers, and SKILL providers too in this portal. Industries in India should give free training to job seekers, then only the loop completes. Job seekers should understand what jobs are there and get trained in those skill areas. Industries should offer free training 
1 0 Also we can utilize existing networks of post offices, psu banks, fire stations, police stations, railway offices, army offices, etc. to provide career counseling services using a well defined framework with clearly outline outcomes. Such services should be measured through good processes so that people do not scam these positions 
0 0 We don't need separate career centers. We need curriculum change to include works like http://www.jaindia.org/programs/world-of-work and http://www.jaindia.org/programs/ja-careers-with-a-purpose. And we need career officers in every public office, who will assist anyone who wants to work there, to start a career there. 
0 0 Read DGE&T's concept note on Career Centres. My thoughts: first of all please spread awareness about the concept and location of career centres. I have always heard of an employment exchange, never knew where one was. In addition, career centres across the country could compile their data annually to check overall quality and also excess / deficient supply of certain skills (avoid "bhedchal"). Also suggest focus on senior citizens. Many elders have skill, experience, will, and need money. 
0 0 village main teacher aise ho jo sheron main pade hain aur wo village main padana chahte hain chahe wo contract par kyun na ho par apne village ke student ko padane main safal hue to desh ka har student kamyab hoga kyunki aj bhi village main ye kami hai student padna chahte hain  pad teacher nahi hain islye wo student bhi city main a jate hain village main aur city main ye gap aj bhi hai 
0 0 sir aj k time main grade system to kar diya hai usse students ka padne main dhyan kam nahi hai kyunki student ko ye pata hai pass to hona hai ache marks jinko chaiye wo to tabh bhi late the aur aj bhi late hain fail hone ka dar jab kahtam ho jayga to student kyun padega aur ek bat student ko basic knowdlege di jaygi tab jakar wo samjh paynge aj k time main village main padne wale student inter class k badd bade sharon main ate hain agar wo study unhn village main mile jo aj bhi village main nahi 
0 0 1st Of All Exams After 8th Standard Should be Online 
0 0 aur ek rural development per kuch ideyas hai, ager hum secter wise student ko es kaam per laga sake tho ye bahut accha hoga, exm.engg. student, mba student and medical student.enhe 2-3 month ka kaan dejiye ek village mai devlopment kare ke laya with help of govt.es trah se enka internship bhi hoga aur devlopment bhi. 
0 0 dear sir, sorry for joining delayed.my suggestion on reap victem. mane abhi padha ki germany ke kesi collage mai indian student ko internship nahi karene deya gaya hai , ye bahut afsos ki baat hai lekeenye sach bhi hai, es apradh ko rokne ke leya ek strong law ki jarorat hai, mujhy ye lagta hai ki rape ge apradh ko rokane ke leya case aaye ke baad kam se kam 3 month mai desicion ya case finel ker dena chahiya.ager ye hota hai tho es daer ki wajh se balatkar per kuch kami aa sakti hai. 
0 0 I think every school must follow a syllabus included employability skill. Every lesson in NCERT book has a value and skill to learn. so train teachers how to merge the skills in syllabus. Every school should have a science park, maths park, social science park for experiencing what the children learn. Exploit the ICT in school to the maximum, because we are teaching everything but not allowing the students to raise what they want to know. 
0 0 Plz read this 
0 0 Sir If You can do in state level corruption in BLOCK OFFICE,DC OFFICE,POLICE,& all DEPARTMENT head officeE IN STATE LEVEL,Judicial office also.Pls do one thing all places install cctv camera display is out side of building, & attendance machine need to install all goverment offices for time table even goverment bank also.So pls mobilies this is very important to day to day activity where people is interact with gov employee.This time at leat do all bjp ruled state.Grass Route itcan be very good 
0 0 For Exp. If a Computer Center  having Named XYZ computer  center provide  the best knowledge in basic or accounts we can say them teach 50 students in basic and accounts and provide them 300/- or 200/-P.M.  per student in  begging and take a test there student after 3 or 6 month with 10th or 12th board class exam there paper check in other city and result display on govt. site. And those student appear exam there balance fee 300/-or 200/- per student paid to that institute. For all doing that. 
0 0 If we paid 500/- per student per  month we spend 6     *  500        = 3000 	for Coaching 2     *    50	=   100		for Exam Conducting 2     *	 50       =   100             For Paper testing 1     *    50       =     50             For Certification Exp. 1     *  100       =    100            For Result Display and Post office Exp. Other exp        =    200 Total                  3550/-	per student or six month But at present we spent 8000/- to 10000/- per student 
0 0 Respected Sir, I have seen that Govt. Project to education child does not reach to right student and if student reach to them most of institute do not provide right education. they full fill govt paper work and collect money form govt. its not right we should do some for this to get value of money and make student more prefect. 
0 0 1.Special focus should be on young people of rural areas who left their studies early for some reason. If they are doing farming they should be sent for a short duration of agricultural course which will help them to learn modern techniques. 2.Career centres should be in every panchayat level whereas skill centres could be in some districts only. 3.A webportal like just dial should be launched to register all local service providers and give them identity and verification(will check crime als 
0 0 Government should maitain some rule to select private best school in every region of rural area and analyse their performance,if they have better performance than nearest any government school then government should take some action for private best school in rural area, give some amount for development of infrastructure and to encourage the teachers also. only because  of teacher that school's performence is good or bad depands.. 
0 0 I required very urgent job 
0 0 All career centers should act as recruiters. They should conduct tests and there results should be posted. In their respective subjects. This will give a good basis to place candidates. My experience has been, that the students do not know any subject. I have been conducting interviews for a while now and know that non of them have any acquired skill sets. We need to start from the beginning. One such interviewee, could not read a para in English and tell its meaning, a second class level skill 
2 0 We need to focus on educating and empowering the youth from rural India in solar energy and wind energy and integrate these small units with the grids. This will not only create job opportunities in the villages but also reduce overcrowding of cities like Mumbai. This will also help India as a nation to save resources like coal, petrol etc. Request the central govt. to provide subsidy to the educated youth in rural areas under this scheme. 
0 0 #CareerCentre #MinistryofLabourandEmployment #NationalCareerService #NSC #NationalCareerServiceProject #MyGov  Stop outsourcing. You make our own product by ourselves.motivate our entrepreneurs to make own product as "Make in India". So labour and experts required and it is good for our economy 
1 0 Everybody should be taught how to use the internet to their advantage. How to use Google and study new skills. 
0 0 current situation the experienced persons getting difficulties to getting job. So gov need to plan for the same 
0 0 #MyGov This problem is facing by all job seekers. Undoubtedly India reaches on many hights in almost all sectors but still we facing skill problems due to lower standard of education. We only need a good education reform policy. According to me position of education in India is same as position of government hospitals. You all know what I mean. There is need to work towards basic structure of education. If we develop skill in early age like China then I am sure that one day status will change. 
0 0 This problem is facing by all job seekers. Undoubtedly India reaches on many hights in almost all sectors but still Indians facing skill problems due to lower standard of education. We only need a good education reform policy. According to me position of education in India is same as position of government hospitals. You all know what I mean. There is need to work towards basic structure of education. If we develop skill in early age like China then I am sure that one day status will change. 
1 0 pdf file with sugestions is attached 
0 0 counter clerk came out from the cabin n badly chide me, disgraced me n expelled from the counter.This is incidents happened due to nexus between ticket Dalal n railway counter clerk.The ticket dalal pays labour ladies Rs.100 to 200/- to stand in que n get tickets for their clients.Dalal from their clients  get Rs.500/- to 1500/- fr confirmed tickets.System should be as that after two ladies one senior citizen /handicapped should be given tickets 
0 0 As I have been in the Skill Development sector from last one decade and had opportunity to work with slum,national and international technical institutes, followings are my learning: •	Career center should be state specific as each state has its own environmental factors and its products. For example Goa should focus on fisheries, Spices, Designing and use of aquatic by products. 
0 0 But this is not happen.This situation is prevailing almost everywhere in the rush are/destination. Hence there should be some system/ arrangements for senior citizen/handicapped  etc if they r clubbed with ladies counter. Suraj Prasad Singh M.No.9999159603 
1 0 Name Suggestion: " Skill India "-  skilled manpower india. 
0 0 Always remember that your present situation is not your final destination, The BEST is yet to come 
0 0 It a request to all that let's works to support and create a generation of ‪#‎empowered‬ girls, ‪#‎women‬, mothers, workers and leaders who will improve their lives - and not just for themselves, but also for their families, ‪#‎communities‬, and ‪#‎nations‬! 
1 0 Name Suggestion : Bharatiya Nagarika Naukri or Bharath Sarkarka Naukri. Empowering youths with the Job skills can be done as an NGO or CSR activities right at the Educational institution. dates and activities of the same can be available in online or career centers. 
0 0 Girls and women make up half the world’s population, yet they still face barriers in achieving ‪#‎equality‬ and even to accessing their basic rights. 
0 0 Can anyone of you suggest how can we "the people of india" can contribute to this "Mahengai"? 
2 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
1 0 Sir, Please make it possible as much it can "For Transparency for every Govt. recruitments. And Every recruitments must be Online. 
0 0 #NationalCareerService : All the graduates and qualified citizens should be recorded in the school, college institutions itself. The portal should allow both the employing departments under central government and the employee citizens to know the data like vacancies, examination, application dates, results and for the departments the eligible graduates based on the priority. 
0 0 Name suggestion for the project is "Margdarshan - Empower YouthIndia" 
1 0 If you want to open career centers, then open it on government role not on contractual role. bcoz in contractual there will be huge corruption. We need proper guidance for job.  Also recruit dynamic peoples for working on this career centers. 
0 0 Please do not waste your and our time by opening Career centers like u opened "Rojgaar Karyalayas" .waste of money.........just try to give us Job.........in job training is best option..otherwise u just spoil time and our money in creating "jobless skilled workforce" waiting for right job.........but never got it and .............. 
0 0 Hi, My idea is cloud computing mobile application. Infrastructure as service provides a solution of IT infrastructure in low cost. In iaas different models (public, private, Hybrid) and different Layers(SAAS, IAAS, PAAS) is advanced technology. Using IAAS to create, deliver and manage multi-cloud services and implement cloud enabled business model. 
0 0 This gigantic task cannot be done by Govt. alone. Evolve a PPP model and all business above a certain turnover(say 500 cr.) be involved through legal or incentive ( like tax sops etc.). ITI and Diploma level courses with strong Govt./third party monitoring and evaluation can revolutionize the skill power of this country. Agri-courses, manufacturing, IT, Para-medics are all field where organizations are facing man-power problem. 
1 0 Sir PM,this is something i request you to pay attention to,i am in favor of eliminating the VENDORS OR MEDIATOR thing when it comes to job, this is really  going to help to make the future which you planned to. First in broad field of Indian Economy. Second new opportunities. Thanks 
2 0 Dear PM Please do need full for employees who are working in the Off rolls of the companies. If we avoid middle man i.e., (Consultancies rolls) between the employee and Companies 1.Employees income level and Job security will also increase 2.If Employee earn's more they will pay tax,his purchasing power also automatically will increase. he may invest or save his money in banks. 3.And we can avoid black money.economy will change So please observe the above suggestions and avoid consultancy rolls. 
2 0 Dear PM Please do need full for employees who are working in the Off rolls of the companies. If we avoid middle man i.e., (Consultancies rolls) between the employee and Companies 1.Employees income level and Job security will also increase . 2.If Employee earn's more they will pay tax, his purchase power also automatically will increase. he may invest or save his money in banks and 3.And we avoid blackmoney So please observe the above suggestions and avoid consultancy rolls. 
0 0 Every Student must make a blog about field via smartphone or computer in which they have interest .And they should post only that content,images,videos for which they have full knowledge .Thus it can improve knowledge as well as interaction with basic and upcoming technology, for example i have made my blog drsharma886.blogspot.com 
0 0 देश में करोडो युवक डिग्री लेकर बेरोजगार बैठे है जिनके लिए सरकार ने अब तक कोई नीति निर्धारित नहीं की है सरकार ब्लॉक लेवल पर युवाओ को योग्यता के अनुसार रोजगार मुहैया करवाने के लिए ठोस नीति बनाये। 
1 0 Respected PM Sri Narendra Modi Ji, I have an innovative ‘ HUMAN POWER PROJECT’ to generate electricity which will involve thousands of human & hence can eradicate the unemployment problem of our country as well as make us No 1 ELECTRICITY GENERATOR COUNTRY in the world. Moreover this project is ECO-FRIENDLY & will not cause global warming. Kindly allow me to explain my project to you Sir. My contact no is 09827205689, 09329690665 
0 0 #Tag:UNLEASH UR POTENTIAL ! 
1 0 Discover right career for person first. 80 Percent people do what they are not passionate about. One Way to discover right career is use of Ancient Science "Dermatoglyphics" which reveals persons inborn Talents. Discover skills first then develop. Save both time and money. Attaching PDF for more details or Contact me- Anurag- 09739742036 
1 0 Tagline: "Know your Infinite Possibilities" 
0 0 I would like to appreciate Modi government efforts in taking up such enormous tasks. 
1 0 #MyGov : Ethics as a subject to be made compulsory in all streams of education. #MinistryofLabourandEmployment : Labour laws to made more business friendly. Redundant laws eg Shop & Establishment Act should be abolished. New laws to be enacted which would make employees accountable, Multiple labour laws to be converged into single Act 
0 0 Pls. find some suggestions ... 
0 0 Some suggestions on Career centre programme 
1 0 Tagline: "Your Path for SUCCESS" "JOIN.IMPROVE.SUCCEED" # Tax Benefits if private companies get candidates from NCS. # Alumni for NCS beneficiaries. This will provide an opportunity for the Beneficiaries to help others. # Seminars may be given frequently by inviting people from relevant fields. # Involving schools, Panchayats to be an Active Participants. # Online Knowledge base for Career Improvements Courses(like.. KHANAcademy) might help. Provide scholarships to students participation. 
1 0 #CareerCentre - Start of Skill development should be initiated from Colleges itself rather than focusing on Theoretical knowledge which is not our youth any where after completion of 3/4 year degree from state/regional colleges. We have to induct in-house career centers where daily some practical skill training should be there with proper Teachers and Skilled Staff. Or we can divide this into 2 parts first part of College should be theory and other Practical Training, Live Projects etc 
0 0 Though proper Career Centres are required to guide the youths to expertise their skills into the area of their interest. Govt. Emplyment Exchanges are of no use. It is good for the employees of the department only. We suggest to bring all Govt educational institute and Universities to bring under PPP Public Private Partnership for better education and transparency. Then there will be more development in Career pathways 
0 0 Career Centres must be handed over in the hands of counselors and experts from the Industries.The unemployed persons & students must be guided in a proper way so that they plan their in a right way.Career centres must be equipped with all required in formations  so that ,a needy one may be well informed. 
0 0 This system need to focus on find new enterpreneours who will create new job through innovating new thoughts and ideas.Government need to provide small interpreneour cheaper loans. 
2 0 Today CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) only tackles corporates putting in money towards charitable institutions. However, apart from monetary capital, Corporates also have human capital. We can make it mandatory for each corporate worker to spend 1 hour each month (modest ask), counseling students in Career centres. This is just the minimum mandate. Further, there can be mentorship programs with varied levels of engagements (time based / project based etc) to suit corporate volunteers. 
0 0 educating skills 
0 0 i think our education system must focus on educating students and finding them right path in there careers which we are failing at. the courses are tailor made what if student like maths and commerce equally and wanna make career in it. career outsourcing centers must focus on industry related training and must provide with job ready skills work on real projects 
0 0 first of all our prime minister has been keen to start up issues regarding career centres for youth development and also skill oriented, the youth enpowerment and development should get registed asap so that can enable the youth's identity to be more secular and also scrutinies by the official who are in this team, the team should have 2 male and 2 females, one junior and one senior who can also make sure that skill development for youth development is going on and report should be submittedtopm 
2 0 आयुर्वेद के अति महत्वपूर्ण दिनचर्या तथा ऋतुचर्या के नियम जो राजीव दीक्षित ने अपने व्याख्यानों में किये हें ... उन नियमों को स्कूलों के पाठयक्रम में जोड़ कर बीमारियों पर काफी हद तक काबू में लाया जा सकता हें ... इससे भारत के करोड़ो अरबों रूपये बच जायगें तथा अच्छे ज्ञान का प्रचार होगा ... 
1 0 गोरक्षा के साथ गाय का महत्व को फेलाना जरूरी हें .. समाज का बहुत बड़ा वर्ग यूरोपियन सूअर(cow)(जो बहुत बीमारियाँ फेलाती हें ) तथा देशी गोमाता के बिच अंतर भूल गया हें ... गाय का महत्व आर्थिक तथा स्वास्थ्य की दृष्टी से फेलानी की आवश्कता हें ... जिससे स्वास्थ्य तथा बेरोजगारी जैसी बड़ी समस्या पर लगाम लगाई जा सकती हें ... गाय के साथ रहने से विज्ञानिकों ने सिद्ध किया हें की गाय की  सकारात्मक आध्यात्मिक एनर्जी से इन्सान का मन परिवर्तित कर समाज की बड़ी समस्या लूटमार बलात्कार हत्या शराब को कम किया जा सकता हें 
1 0 OUR EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS ARE OVER POPULATED WITH VARIOUS SUBJECTS. LIKEWISE, WE HAVE MANY IMPORTANT REALMS OF HUMAN LIFE & THOUGHTS WHICH ARE RELEVANT TO THE SOCIETY ARE IGNORED OR NOT INCLUDED AS A SUBJECT IN THE ACADEMIC. "INSURANCE SCIENCE"-IS ONE OF THEM.EVEN THOUGH "INSURANCE INDUSTRY" HAS GOT THEORETICAL DEPTH, MANY SUB-BRANCHES & PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS; BOTH INSIDE & OUTSIDE THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY/BUSINESS. "INSURANCE" IS A SUBJECT THAT HAS YET TO BE INCLUDED IN ACADEMIC DISCIPLINE. 
1 0 I Think Every Student Should Get The Opportunities in His/Her Field By Giving Him Training 
0 0 govt reforms in power sector reforms are not upto the mark.The power distribution boards are completely broke.power purchase agreement will not happen. Also gas supply bottlenecks are not being solved by govt. requesting the govt to carry out masssive reforms in power sector...maybe advice from suresh prabhu....plz give a massive thrust to this sector.... 
0 0 Lack of general awareness among people living in villages, tier 2 or tier 3 cities. People still unaware about the ample opportunities provided by globalized world and also there is no support system available. We should focus on career counseling and the skill development. Internet is a big enabler and every person can use the power of internet to reach any corner of the world. We can train our students to become entrepreneurs. It will help against drug addiction. 
1 0 Create contact center which collaborate with all the ministry, all job seekar submit their application and get the update directly from contact center , open license test to private team, open education sector with skill enabled training outside govt control, create job opportunity for independent survey team for all govt initiative , more penetration on incometax net to trap outside tax net by infusing more work force, 
1 0 1. A name that comes to my kind is "khoj"a perfect search for both job seeker and job giver. 2. Goverment can act like those private consultancies, develope website, allot agencies and the agaencies can earn the commision derived from the selected candidate from the company. 
0 0 Waoooo being a women and staying out of job for time to nurse my baby, it sounds like a goodnews to restart. Ill hope this project will be soon implemented and we all would be benfited. I want to add women working hours and women welfare at workplace which can include topics like safe office to jome commuting, creches for working mother and babies at office, strict norms against workplace abuse, strict time and profile discriptions for women employee,home brach allotment. 
2 0 A Rozgaar TV channel can be started by GoI. Jobs starting from unorganized sector up to the MD of a government/ private organization can be put on this channel. A mobile app with notifications of Jobs can be designed. Employment News Paper should be made online. Rozgaar Kendra should be established at District levels. Rozgaar kendra should come under NITI Aayog. 
0 0 Honorable Prime minister shri Narendra modi ji, Mera suggestion Hai ki, Indian constitution me 1 rule banaya jaye jiske adhar par har family me agar 2 se adhik baccho ka birth ho to us bacche ko Indian Army / Indian Police me admit karwa dena chahiye. Or sath yah bhi apply kiya jaye ki 2005 ke baad birth liye gaye har bacche ke uppr yah rule lagaya jaye. isse population control hoga, economic conditions increase hogi, Indian Army Or Police power full banega, employment increase hoga. Thank you 
3 0 I would love propose a job channel for whole India as free channel similar as Doordarshan,locasabha and rajyasabha . . .this channel would the only source for proposing vacancies of all big companies in India. Which would reduce fraud application -most importantly all students over country would get their desired attention to unique and legitimate site. This will get their attention to their destiny as their qualifications and desire to reach their goal. 
5 0 Employment exchanges should be professionalized. All the sites should  be upgraded. Most of the work should be made online. More online courses should be started. 
1 0 some students couldn't grow in their career because of mainly financial problems and lack of awareness of programmes the govn taken.we hav very talented and experienced persons in all the department.After their retirement so many people are free in homes,with these persons we can improve free institutions to help the youth to grow in their career.if they wont wanted to go outside,they will give offline or online classes in their place.i think it will remove illiteracy by some percent.hope u like 
2 0 My gov ..... I attention u 'today is most industrial training institute in India and every fulfill by the technical machine and tools ..... But where no any trainers  and those trainer who not responsible whose work ... We are makes a cmitee for every training center and companies are really touched with the training center and and companies member makes student their companies accordingly rather then new institute which institute established whose reestablished and work for skill developed.. 
1 0 1. We have a big network of HR professionals which can be tapped. - Commission/Stipend as remuneration 2. Many of the Govt Institutions, Schools remain unused on weekends. 3. Many Employers spend lakhs for PR on open positions. 4. Single Integrated Web App for all the stake holders including the youth. 5. Linked to NSR - National Skills Registry Right from School/College days/ This could be a Global Resume Reference for any Employer. 
1 0 Work experience has become a major screening criteria for engineering and diploma holders. So, just like how the medical students are required to do house surgeon-ship before obtaining their degrees. The same has to be applied to engineering and diploma colleges. This will increase the quality of engineers going out. 
0 0 Tool room in rural and urban areas by government to support local population with manual and power tools / machines for those who cannot purchase them can get on rent basis so that they can enhance there productivity and product quality. This is must both for rural and urban areas and government funded is required. This will also create jobs and tool / machine making companies can do on PPP basis so that machines / tools are sold and users can get them. 
1 0 MyGov..........., There are some people who are having unused land beside main roads. These lands can be used for skill development centers (for welders, Electrician,Painters, Plumbers, etc) across India. This is especially important for states in the North East. Technical and funding support through BANK may be provided to people having minimum 1 acre  land beside highways and roads. 
4 0 #CareerCentre: Nothing can help India, if people are still starved without Internet. Provide all skills tutorials in online for free to citizens. That is enough to fill the talents ready. People don't need free laptops or ipads, they just need basic high speed internet connectivity to learn things and compete with the world..but in India internet is extremely cost! while people around the word utilizing internet at the price of tv dish. Its clear where we are lacking. 
3 0 Chemical R&D, nanotechnology, microchip manufacturing, Scrapping industry , solar panel manufacturing  - needs latest case studies on it, some high level blue prints with automation systems. basic people can evolve then after. 
2 0 Database Architect - basic but real knowledge of Sql, A programming language , an ETL tool , OLTP tool . must required. Astronomy- Quantum physics , Relativity , Engineering degree must Clothing manufacturing , shoe manufacturing - latest fashion , low cost manufacturing strategy, prospecting market india or other developing country Synthetic hair wig has great demand abroad for indian hair 
2 0 For me most important is Astronomy . There are many facts of universe and multi-universe which our people should have knowledge. Another skill set is on Quantum Physics.Then business perspective  Database Architect. Then clothing manufacturing blue prints , chemical research and development , shoes manufacturing,synthetic hair wigs, nanotechnology , microchip manufacturing, Scrape management(China is @ top) , Solar Energy experts and solar panel manufacturing push 
0 0 A Government institute to set up some science fair in cities and encouraging research activities . And set up e-library with extraordinary knowledge. Provide knowledge from USA ,UK like countries on Skill india related knowledge stream. Open institute at very small level but it can work in different states simultaneously and create awareness on skill set and also provide e-library for related knowledge. And often encourage research activities , Case studies participation etc. 
1 0 Hello PM, Good involvement of common man in building our India. Employment is right of every educated youth in our nation right it should be transparent in USA if unemployed person is their he contact to employment exchange where his/her name is registered. Officer check if he/she is unemployed they give them 5 weeks wages approx. and when he/she get employed they contact and govt stop that wages.it should follow in our India. Make every college, university registered student name 18+ 
0 0 #CareerCentre, #MinistryofLabourandEmployment, #NationalCareerService, #NSC, #NationalCareerServiceProject, #MyGov The value of the landscape architecture services is worth 2.3 billion per annum in the USA. In India the profession is 35 years old but is not recognised by the GoI. In terms of career opportunities it designs and manages the outdoor environment where impact of human activity is present. Immense employability in infrastructure and industrial corridors to restore ecosystems. 
0 0 Name of the center:-Nipurn (in Hindi) Perfect (in English) Slogan1: Career center se judo sanhay dur karo {in Hindi} (Come and join career centers & demolish unemployment/darkness/uncertainty in your life) Slogan2: Career centers ke sath Nipurnta ka vikas {in Hindi}(career centers provide completeness in your life) 
0 0 NAME--HAR GHAR YOJNA 
0 0 NAME--(1)GRIH JAN YOJNA  (2) JAN GHAR YOJNA 
0 0 CAREER CENTRES ONE EACH FOR 3TO5 MANDALS AT CENTRE POINT. IT SHOULD BE IN THE FORM OF SPECIAL TRAINING CENTRE WITH SHORT COURSES ON SKILL AT NOMINAL FEE . GUEST LECTURES ON SAT/SUN BY SUCESSFUL CAREERS...LIKE DIFFERENT EMPLOYEES AND CADRES, EX SERVICE MEN, BUSINESS MEN, RECRUITERS, FIELD EXPERTS, SUCCESSFUL POLITICIANS ETC. FOR EXAMPLE COLLECTOR SPEAKING OF TO BE COLLECTOR SOME DECIDE AND WORK FOR. IT SHOULD MORE OF INSPIRE AND THEN OF FIELD TRG BY SUCESSFUL CAREERS. 
0 0 Demand supply will meet each other.those requiring specific talents, skill sefs shall locate such skilled persons and vice versa. The dynamics shall balance and match. Yhe process requires no intetvention from govt, but for public sector,s requirement. For meeting requirements of public sectors, they have established mechanism and requires least intervention either. Govt may comcentrate on better thimgs that it needs to do. 
0 0 Sir, if u r talking abt emloyment exchange type centres, I donot think they r needed in the present scenario. Only unorganised sector need this information , bcs less educated oeople donot know where the vacancy exists for labourer or unskilled person. Radio can helo a lot in this direction. Local fm channel can earn revenue n workers can get job also. 
0 0 जब शुरू में my Gov की शुरुआत हुई , उस समय मैंने बहुत सारे सुझाव भेजे जो मानव कल्याण के हित में थे , राष्ट्र के हित में थे , आज तक पीएमओ की तरफ से कोई सकारात्मक खबर नहीं आई , मतलब हम जैसे लाखो जनता के सुझाव कूड़े के ठेर में फैक दिए जाते है इससे हमारे दिल को ठेस पहुचती है , हमारा भेजा हुआ कमेंट स्वीकार हुआ या नहीं , कोई कन्फर्मेशन report नहीं मिलती , हमें क्या पता कि हमारे सुझाव मोदी को मिले या नहीं , अब तो मैंने सुझाव भेजने ही बंद कर दिये है , समय कि बर्बादी है/ जय हिन्द 
0 0 Sanman,money and atm santushti should be key for developing careers and job profiles.self satisfaction is the only way to erase tension and anxiety. 
0 0 there should be a relationship between educational institutions and the employment institutions related to these. for example around 1000 colleges are there in up for technical courses like b.pharm. b.tech. but industries related to them are about nil as compared to them. this huge differences must be negotiated..#mygov 
0 0 इन केन्द्रो में खेल और पढाई के लिये उम्र कि बाध्यता खत्म कर देनी चाहिये,जिससे उम्र के सभी पडाव मे जोश और जीविका कि कमी ना हो और छोटे और बडों के बीच बढती खाई कम हो, खेल से स्वास्थ भी सही होगा और इसका एक अच्छा महोल बनेगा, 
0 0 आदरणनीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्ते इन केन्द्रो में आजीवका में आ रही बाधाओ को दूर किया जाना चाहियो एक विषय से दूसरा जाना या कम अंको के कारण आजीवका में बाधा जबकि वर्तमान में वह पढाई में अच्छा है 
1 0 Career education should not focus only on a career which earns money but one which earns respect. Moral values should be a part of proffessional education courses. 
1 0 going by typical government system route will yield another 'employment exchange' system. it should enable: choosing right career & education field using scientific tools regular mentoring to students make material available related to career 'finishing school' system to prepare and make job ready involving NGO's and local community can make it successful. we have edugram for all these at small level - edugram.org and facebook.com/edugram.org 
1 0 These career centres should be related to universities as an interface to decide syllabus, skills taught  in universities according to the requirement in market. 
2 0 Contd. From Previous Post. We have to ensure that the numbers of this country are turned into assets in the service of their Nation, in particular, and the humanity in general. Besides this broadest goal, the quick and immediate motivation has to be to encourage them to become self-reliant beaming with self-confidence instead of remalning at the thresh-hold of frustration. THE GOVERNMENT HAS A GUIDING ROLE TO SAVE THE YOUTH FROM STUMBLING IN RECOGNISING THEIR ROLE AND FALLING PREY TO FRUSTRATION 
1 0 Proposed career centres should be linked or attached with universities, they should like an interface in between universities and market. 
0 0 It has to be taken care of that the proposed Career Centres should be  within easy approach of the targetted lot so that none feels the pinch on any count and become hasitant. Rather, it would be more appropriate if the youth are motivated to try to feel the pulse of the field of interest they feel motivated towards while pursuing school studies itself. THE HASITANT ONES NEED TO BE HELPED TO SEE WITHIN THEMSELVES TO LOOK FOR THE AREA OR FIELD THAT WOULD SUIT THEM THE MOST. NO EXCLUSIONS PLEASE. 
0 0 It has to be taken care of that the proposed Career Centres should be  within easy approach of the targetted lot so that none feels the pinch on any count and become hasitant. Rather, it would be more appropriate if the youth are motivated to try to feel the pulse of the field of interest they feel motivated towards while pursuing school studies itself. THE HASITANT ONES NEED TO BE HELPED TO SEE WITHIN THEMSELVES TO LOOK FOR THE AREA OR FIELD THAT WOULD SUIT THEM THE MOST. NO EXCLUSIONS PLEASE. 
0 0 Sir let it be a widespread process with 1 Apex Career Centre , State Career Centres , District Career Centres , College/University wise career centres . Named on Subhash Chandra Bose at centre , State names at state . They should be made functional as counseling plus recruitment centres . Hamare naujawan ko sabsa zyada zarurat confidence ki he ki won kuch kar sakte he .# We can Do . 
0 0 As I apprehended in my post on 5th March, new formart of MyGov has not yet become free from hassels for all contributors as yet. Needless to underline, participation to MyGov is not iimited  to high-tech-savvies only. Rather, even mediocre ones would like to try their  hands on visiting and partcipating by contributing in their own humble way on  topics they are comfotable with. IT IS DESIRABLE THAT MyGov MAY FORMATTED IN A MODE TO BE ACCESSIBLE TO ALL AND SUNDRY HASSLE FREE. 
0 0 We have many bright students but they lack confidence and focus. For the past 15 yrs I carried out number of activities like development workshops. Another imp thing is to motivate students to do something great in their life. If students are polished, they shine. I purposely hired vernacular medium students, interviewed them in Hindi if they could not speak English. Within 3 months, they were at par with others. My successful activities are listed in PDF File. 
1 0 A website should be made which will include all exam info(eligibility,edu,syllabus,etc) written in simple language Maximaun use of e-services. councillors avail in correspnding languages. motivation n guidance should be provided. all teachers of school and college can be joined for help. online counseling guidance. 
0 0 attach every engg collage,politech,iti to industry than only than only our youth get skilled.no instute opened without attachment 
0 0 Creation of "Career Centres" is a great idea. There is no doubt about it. The most important thing is that how these can be sustainable and keep providing quality results to the users. In my opinion, Public-Private-Partnership is a great model to start with. Anyone who needs to get tips or detailed training in preparation of his/her Job Resume can walk in and get necessary help. Let us discuss in more details through discussions on this platform.I would like to share my experience. 
0 0 "career center" idea seems to your coordination with earlier programmes named " Reorienting Employment Exchanges" & "Digital Locker". But most important is to coordinate between INDUSTRY & our HRD MINISTRY COURSE DESIGN. Further you might be interested in under mentioned CII report on requirement of INDIAN INDUSTRY: 1. Make In India: Turning Vision Into Reality - Report Released at the 13th Manufacturing Summit 2014 2. Industry 4.0 - Next Gen Mfg Plz design your plan considering above. 
0 0 #CareerCentre - Though rural areas are in dire need of such centres, attention should be given to the effectiveness and ease of operation of such centers.  I would say it is good to start with district head quarters and taluk head quarters. In all government programs initial success is very important, in people considering the program a success or not. Initial success will create the necessary momentum to inspire more people to get involved. 
0 0 #careercentre should be established in rural zone for, encouraging youth,take a initiative to promote education in every rural society, such type of centre must have consulting forum 
0 0 a. Branding of Career Centres: YoungIndia (Aap ka kal, Aap ke sath hai) b. Coverage of Career Centre: Public Sector per state per district per city c. Implementation Agency for Career Centres: Industry Association - Invest in India d. Services to be offered: Counselling, Skill Training, Internship, Job portal e. Technology Platform for NCS: Good. f. Network of Career Counsellors: From industry and academies. h. Local Service Providers through Career Centres: No only through emp office. 
1 0 The Country will be reach when its per capita energy conservation will increase.. For that we need to setup small scale industries and source of energy/power. there are several sources of  getting Energy from non-conventional sources, govt should come forward with helping hand for those who want to do something for their country.. Solar, and Solid Waste  are the simplest method that can be implemented.. So Mr Modi should think of it 
0 0 Career centres at Block level and then Panchayat level should be encouraged under PPP model. 
3 0 I thought of a plan for generating electricity from solid waste in each city or community. This system should act like a retail mall in a city . Different companies will setup their plant in city for using solid wastes for producing amenities like electricity, gas etc.. It will depend on customer to buy cheapest electricity from government or private company. 
2 0 We should outsource some of the basic research for public policy to schools and state level engineering colleges. It will be radical change in research culture and we shall have ideas and data from basic ground level. 
0 0 #MyGov: The first thing what we have to change is the way of designing our syllabus. Through our schools we provide such knowledge which is of no better quality. In terms of CBSE the education is good but when the matter comes to the state's syllabus it creates the differences. Firstly hike the quality of state pattern. 
0 0 ##शिक्षा विद विचार करे कि हा.से.स्तर के पाठ्यक्रम मे जीव विग्यान (bio)विषय मे भौतिकी क्यो अनिवार्य है ?जबकि वनस्पति शास्त्र जरूरी है ।विषय व्यवस्था ठीक करे । हायर सेकेन्ड्री स्तर पर विषय व्यवस्थाये की समीक्षा संकाय वार होना चाहिये।  विषय चयन यह विद्यार्थी के संकाय के अनुकूल हो शिक्षा नीति मे सुनिश्चित किया जावे । प्रधान मँत्री जी आपको होली के अवसर पर शूभकामनाये है लोकतँत्र मे नये प्रतिमान बनाये सबका साथ सबका विकास के साथ साथ सबके सुझाव भी देखे । 
0 0 pradhan sevak mahoday in future time jobs milna khafi kadin karya hai parntu hum dekhte hai ki hamre ass pass kafhi telented man hai koi driving me , koi cooking me, koi penter hai , koi palmber hai parntu koi adhmi in karyu ki aur nahi jana chahta hai kyuki wah ase karya ko karne me sharm mehsus karta jai hum her jile me ek asi intitution banaye jo in sab ko ek saath jodh kar rakhe aur inko karya ublabdh karaye isse berojgar in karyu ke prati attract hoge 
0 0 सबका साथ सबका विकास केन्द्र सरकार ने वित्त आयोग के सुझाव अनुसार बजट से नीतियो मे परिवर्तन कर राज्यो को दिया जाने बाला पैसा बढ़ाया है जो अच्छी पहल है ।हमे इस पर भी विचार करना चाहिये कि राज्यो मे अधिकाँश पैसा जिला पंचायतो जनपदो ग्राम पंचायतो के माध्यम से व्यय होता है। अतएव हमे जिला पंचायतो के स्तर पर भारतीय प्रशासनिक लेखा सेवा के अधिकारियो को सी.ई.ओ. नियुक्त करना चाहिये वही कलेक्टर विकास हो  ताकि प्रशासन और विकास के साथ वयय पर नियँत्रण भी हो । माननीय यदि हम प्रशासनिक व्यवस्थाओ मे कोई 
2 0 There should be a national portal for all Private and Public company Jobs. Now a days many students who are doing professional courses take loan and when they do not get good placements they get demotivated. The image of the person diminishes in society as well as home. Everything should be on Merit basis and there should be no favouritism as well as no quota. The process should be very transparent that even a person is not selected for a particular he/she should be given a correct feedback 
1 0 Job For all.... that can be our mantra. Agriculture and related industries are our main area of thirst infrastructure development and automobile, Electronics are also big employer Tourism and Travel sector can also play a crucial role making India can produce lakhs of job Need to analyse global market for products  and need job polling according to that and support allied industries Micro industries and food processing etc all these need good skill development programmes 
3 0 It should be made mandatory for all employers to give their career openings in the National Career Service Portal so all job seekers can refer only one website for job opportunity. 
3 0 sir, careers centres needs to be connected with across the nation. National career centre must establish across the nation. pls also consider for non technical and technical career centres which will avoid the queues and needs to encourage the productivity 
0 0 Amma Please Review  Amma Vasu Ramagovinda 
1 0 Career centres can be managed ideally by the local academia and local industrial bodies. Academics engaged in career centres should interact with industry and then use pedagogy to suitably structure courses. E-Learning should be encouraged for theory and practical training should be conducted at the shop floors of locally available enterprises. 
0 0 Growth in manufacturing & production will also help in increase in job requirement for under skilled workers. 
0 0 There should be focus on primary school education as well.... 
0 0 Their should be periodic guidance career guidance and skill development for every child from early school levels. Practical class need to incorporated from 6th Std. More and more Creative awareness be created at village levels,incorporated with co-curricular activities for villagers/Parents. Make them understand the benefits of each activity. This will help parents to orient their wards with alternative futuristic goals and careers. 
0 0 for more employment i suggest for the IT hub to be developed in Lucknow and Agra. 
1 0 Encourage agro forestry and tree plantation as career in villages. this will generate employment and save the climate. 
0 0 it is very necessary to all the student for career centre at panchayet level and block level. this ideas is very can be very useful, because many poor student can not live the town they want to complete the our study in own villege. so career centre not impleted on the district level and state level they should be a panchayet and block level. and after the completion of academic qualification they provide the skill devlope. after that they start the self employment. 
2 0 it my thought for career centres 
0 0 Contd...Hence, there is need that MyGov. should continue to work in such a way that all those who have been participating thus far, and contributing to its contents from their devices with modest facilities, are not 'left-out', or, feel excluded. WITH THE INITIATIVE OF THE HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER, SHRI NARENDRA MODI, MYyGov. HAS COME AS A HANDY TOOL BECOMING AVAILABLE WITH EVERY CITIZEN TO FEEL CLOSE TO THE CORRIDORS OF GOVERNANCE, WHERE HE FEELS HIS WORDS WOULD REACH WHERE HE CAN'T. 
0 0 All the traditional cottage industry in the country facing problem due to negligence of govt. Govt taking hardly concrite steep to modernised this industries with new technology with good governess. So please make survey this sector do necessary and introduce technology and training where it needs.my nation is covered with such industry and much of our people depending on this industries. 
0 0 WEICOME! NEW FOTMAT, A NEW 'AVTAR' OF 'MyGov.' It is really more fascitating and more interesting to work on it. But several like me must be yet struggling to come to terms with  its complete fool-proof functioning. This must especially be so with those contributors to the contents of MyGov  who are using a 'Tablet' as device. WITH TECHNOLOGY TAKING QUICK TURNS AT EVERY TURN OF MOMENT, THE 'DEVICES', ESPECIALLY 'TABLET' GET OBSOLETE, GETTING INCOMPETEBLE TO TECHNOLOGY SITES WORK ON. 
0 0 There is every need that a wide-reaching campaign be launched in every nook and corner, and far-flung areas of the country to make aware the targetted budding beneficiaries of the proposed Career Centres, the availability of facilities for them to get themselves well-equipped in areas/fields they see themselves well suited for. "CATCH THEM YOUNG." SHOULD BE THE 'GUIDING-LINE HERE ALSO. IT IS FAR EASY FOR A YOUNG MIND TO ADAPT ITSELF TO A PARTICULAR  MOULD AND MODEL WHEN IT IS YET TO BE MOULDED. 
0 0 There is every need that a wide-reaching campaign be launched in every nook and corner, and far-flung areas of the country to make aware the targetted budding beneficiaries of the proposed Career Centres, the availability of facilities for them to get themselves well-equipped in areas/fields they see themselves well suited for. "CATCH THEM YOUNG." SHOULD BE THE 'GUIDING-LINE HERE ALSO. IT IS FAR EASY FOR A YOUNG MIND TO ADAPT ITSELF TO A PARTICULAR  MOULD AND MODEL WHEN IT IS YET TO BE MOULDED. 
0 0 There is every need that a wide-reaching campaign be launched in every nook and corner, and far-flung areas of the country to make aware the targetted budding beneficiaries of the proposed Career Centres, the availability of facilities for them to get themselves well-equipped in areas/fields they see themselves well suited for. "CATCH THEM YOUNG." SHOULD BE THE 'GUIDING-LINE HERE ALSO. IT IS FAR EASY FOR A YOUNG MIND TO ADAPT ITSELF TO A PARTICULAR  MOULD AND MODEL WHEN IT IS YET TO BE MOULDED. 
1 0 With the decline of skilled labours accross the country, there is a need to create new centres to train people and to fund them, to establish themself as entrepreners. This move would bring growth to small scale industries/businesses, which bharat needs at this moment.Apart from bank lending loans,there should be few seed funding groups created by govt-which would help & mentor talents.A chairman as head supported by 3/4 eminent personalities from various fields such as law,art,science&Tech. 
0 0 There is every need that a wide-reaching campaign be launched in every nook and corner, and far-flung areas of the country to make aware the targetted budding beneficiaries of the proposed Career Centres, the availability of facilities for them to get themselves well-equipped in areas/fields they see themselves well suited for. "CATCH THEM YOUNG." SHOULD BE THE 'GUIDING-LINE HERE ALSO. IT IS FAR EASY FOR A YOUNG MIND TO ADAPT ITSELF TO A PARTICULAR  MOULD AND MODEL WHEN IT IS YET TO BE MOULDED. 
0 0 There is every need that a wide-reaching campaign be launched in every nook and corner, and far-flung areas of the country to make aware the targetted budding beneficiaries of the proposed Career Centres, the availability of facilities for them to get themselves well-equipped in areas/fields they see themselves well suited for. "CATCH THEM YOUNG." SHOULD BE THE 'GUIDING-LINE HERE ALSO. IT IS FAR EASY FOR A YOUNG MIND TO ADAPT ITSELF TO A PARTICULAR  MOULD AND MODEL WHEN IT IS YET TO BE MOULDED. 
0 0 Career Centers for each locality to have facility to register volunteer for teaching - Retired Professors, IT professions wanting to teach, Retired Teachers, Researchers etc 
0 0 Sir, We need to have a national skill development portal similar to coursera. All schools going children should have career counselling centers. We should make vocational training is mandatory and should allow students to take up their area of interest. Tax benefits should be given to organisation which support in skill development. National Skill register to be rolled out and companies should be made to hire from the registered pool of candidates. 
0 0 portal where we can consult about socio-economic things .. 
0 0 Every block of 300 students should be tied to a Career Centres and 5 Career Centre need to be tied to a regional career centre. Career centers should be associated with regional industrial areas. Each student from age of 14 and above need to do a vocational training of 1 month every year with the industry in that region. Each career centre should be connected to each other via internet. Concentration should be in field of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics with practical knowledge. 
0 0 give tax relief for all private businesses to give paid internship positions to newly passed graduates and school leavers youth. immediately it will open millions of positions for skill development in the country and lots of new employments for these interns. Govt can also fund scholarships to fund these new student interns for limited period after which businesses can absorb the promising people! 
0 0 Pradhan Mantriji,hamari sarkar nimnlikhit kshetron mei kya-kya kar sakati hai: jara sochen..please.. -shiksya ke kshetra mei Jo loot machine hai usei kaise door kiya jaye. -shikshit berozgaron ki din per din Jo phauj badhte ja rahi hai,iss se kaise suljhaya Jaye.kya yah samaj mei badhti Hui adhikansh samasyaon ka mool kaaran nahi hai ? yah samasya 6 mahine,saal ya 2 seal mei nahi sulajh sakati,iske liye doordarshita aur satat prayasrat rahne ki aawashyakta hai.kya him iss-or imandarise - 
0 0 Case based competitions where groups of individuals are first tutored on Consulting type best practices, then do a competition under supervision. Teams are  judged on their abilities and logical processes used to analyze and solve problems. Teams that are in above the 80 percentile are moved to more rounds. Round 1 can be done in a 4 hour block (1 hour tutorial & 3 hour competition). Additional rounds can be designed on a need basis depending on type of problem being presented. 
0 0 I suggest for the career centres in every Block office, managed in supervision of Block Development officers. I also suggest for the career counsellors available at that centres to guide the students for better courses and employment. 
0 0 Recruitment of skilled teachers or giving them a proper training is the need, I hope NCS is having having in to reach the schools and pathsalas in villages where standard of education is going down because of unavailability of skilled teachers. All the Best!!!!! 
0 0 The career center has to be brought up from the Schools and it should go through out the Colleges and Universities up to the level where the young people can get what they expected or I say What they Dreamt . 
0 0 Green India is possible if educated unemployed are trained raising seedling for medicinal and economically useful plant species at nursery. This would green the locality, generate profit to the entrepreneur and turn idle manpower productive. Social Forestry can do this task. Let this be the state policy. Green, Clean and Sheen India soon may become reality. 
1 0 getting support from MGNREGA & NREGA will definitely help..... 
1 0 We can also promote NCS by involving BDO's & VDO's of all the block and villages. this will also help in increase the reach of NCS at all the levels. we can also have some level of support and collaboration with projects like MGNREGA & NREGA. 
2 0 1) Career centres must have full-time counselors to assess and guide individuals for prospective career and skill development in which they find livelihood and excel. 2) Mentor-men-tee program (Volunteer) in which a skilled person may volunteer to teach to others. Career centres can facilitate such relationship 3) Create labs/tie up with industry for practicing the new skills and get certified 4) Partner with universities/education institutions in both urban and rural for accessibility 
1 0 For Career Centres there should be atleast one career centre in each village. Where any School Principal or Teacher or School Premises may used for the centre. Career center wil provide the information of all professional, scholarships, education loan, government schemes, Competitive exams . There should be one workshop on every sunday for all the student and attendance of each student must be compulsary for the same. In each workshop Professional may come from nearby areas n discuss experience 
0 0 Growth in manufacturing & production will also help in increase in job requirement for under skilled workers. 
1 0 Govt. should help manufacturing sector to improve the job market... Make in India is a good step, increase in export will definitely help in increase of export, which means increase in production. this will definitely help in improve job market. hope to see growth in manufacturing sector. 
0 0 dear modij plz take action according to this ideas.or else there is no way our life will get better..the govt will lose elections....after delhi... plz revive infra sector....power sector.revive stalled projects..... 
0 0 REVIVE STALLED PROJECTS Govt has not revived any of stalled projects...Plz revive stalled projects..WHERE ARE THE GREENFIELD PROJECTS???? 
0 0 The govt is pro corporate Bah! No GREENFIELD PROJECTS has come after 9 months of govt... No projects have come in power,water etc.... Revive the power sector....Projects have been declared only on paper.But no actual MOVEMENT ON GROUND.... 
0 0 In continuation.... So they are selling potatoes for damn cheap or you can say farmers are making losses, why we dont emphasize in processed foods, so that over produced farming products can be processed and added value, does govt. have any plans for giving concession to this processing food sector to nudge enterprise to enter this sector to make some huge money, nothing could be sustainable in the long run if monetary benefits are not attached to the things people do. Pvt enterprise can solve. 
0 0 plz revive gas supply bottlenecks..... 
0 0 Dear Modi Plz solve the land acquisition law with best interest of INDUSTRY... BRING BRING INT RATE DOWN DRASTICALLY.CONTROL INFLAATION. new projects are not being declared.....old projects are struck. revive ppp models ..else the govt is dud.. order inflow is weak...capital goods are struggling...infra is struggling.power sector is weak.....plz revive the sector... 
0 0 what is the purpose of these career centers? will they provide jobs in the pvt. sector or in the psu. or govt. employment. Private sector knows how to hire and i dont think they will take advice from the govt. while hiring. Impetus should be in the farming entrepreneurship, to make our farmers more productive and market their products in the market. In west bengal this time of the year the production of Potatoes are bumper production and market is bad for the potatoes as they selling @ Rs.2/kilo 
0 0 Now mostly politycen ignored corupstion dew to modi magic  but burocrets and gov employees servant to collector now fully lezzyness and curpted till today as example failed karmyogi training at Gujarat where modi magic? 
0 0 The national Career Centres is a very good initiative taken by Govt. It will helpful for the skilled youth as well as for the employers. 
0 0 Dear modi sir, meri 5year ki beti aap se milne ka jid kar baithi hai,aur kahti hai ki modi mera dost hai papa kab milwaoge aap mujhe modi ji se ab aap hi batao mai kya karu, halaki mai aap parti ka samarthak hu but.mai apni beti ko bolta hu ki thik hai kise din milwa denge, 
0 0 Infrastructure iis Indias archiles heels.The PPP mode is broke...Need to strengthen the PPP mode.Need to bring interest rates down..Need to expedite projects that are in design stage.Need to revive stalled projects..Why is land acquistion stopped by opposition? infra have been struggling for last 3 yrs but still no revival... Modi govt has been a dud..Why is power distribution boards not being infused with money.Power distribution boards are broke... Very disappointing with the new govt.... 
0 0 No followup regularly after inogret new project 