0 2 IN my view IIT, IIM, AIMS & IISc should be their in each state & should be 50-50%supported in setup for center & state govs.It should be part of support co operative federalism system. all their courses should be in line UGC guidelines & provision & facilities for PhD must. GOv should also see how REng/Med/sc College can be brought up to at par with other established IIT/IIM/Aims etc. Cross college transfer in country & vedio conferencing with WiFi & broadband will support the progress for since & technology in this country for growth & welfare of its peoples.
3 0 Nowadays when the budget of families is under financial pressure,people want to get quality of life, hence they want to grow. We are a country full of aspirations. But what stops us from the childhood is the high fees which we have to bear, if we want to grow better. From pvt schools,to pvt colleges to pvt postgraduate colleges. We still manage on school level or college level. But when we have to choose post graduation colleges, the fees goes straight up to many lakhs. How can a family who has taken car on loan,has married her daughter by taking loan,has got its scooter on EMI gonna manage a hit of more than 15k a month which goes as interest to banks for the educational loan as the interest rates are so high. They are simply doing business. Not just this much pressure is on the families these days, that they are compromising education standards for lesser fees. I feel very bad about it, but what can we do other than killing our dreams and going for a sub standard college with less fee. Other than that the student has to pay the EMI of more than 15K for the next 10-12 years,compromising everything due to it. This is the case of a huge percentage of India's neo middle class who wants to grow more and more. I could personally tell you my state, my family is paying 2-3 EMIs of my sisters marriage,1EMI for car and some EMIs for insurance. My family daily worries that how will they manage when I'll get into some MBA college in this year's end. We never expected from previous governments, but we do know for what ideals this new government stands and we salute that. I recently got to know about Delhi governments initiative on educational loans I was very happy to hear about it. I would have been more happy if I would have heard such thing from Central Govt of Mr.Modi. But still I believe that you would stand for the cause of students and families. Please sir bring an educational loan scheme so that we could fulfill our aspirations in return benefiting our motherland. Please sir help us, the educational loan percentage is very high and even the fees of Pvt good MBA colleges.
4 0 please leave the iim autonomous as they are in current situation.
5 0 To Ensure Uniformity, All Full time Programmes whether 2 year or 1 year MUST be given "MASTER IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION(MBA)" DEGREE going along with the International Method & Practices & Also by the "AICTE" The premier Indian Accreditation Body.
The FPM must be given P.HD Degree.
15 2 I am an alumni and this is not a bill for excellence. Please leave them autonomous
14 4 It's good to see that government is taking management education and related activities seriously.
1. Government should have a say in fixing the fees of the institutes. If fees for IITs are comparatively quite lower, even IIMs should folllow similar fee structures.
2. Government should hire directly from IIMs through final placements, at least for summer internship.
3. MBA instead of PGDM
4. Why should there be caste based reservations in choosing one of the board of governors also?
Thanks!
2 0 MBA Degree must only be given to the 2 year Post Graduate Programme in Management(PGP).
1.It is the flagship, Oldest, most prestigious programme offered by IIMs on which entire reputation of IIMs Stands which churns above 4000 best of the best managers to run indian Economy & Corporate World.
2.The Best Students Join the 2 Year PGP in management, IIMA, Gujarat is the Toughest Business school in the world to get admission.
3.The "MAKE IN INDIA"will get huge boost by MBA Degree to 2 year PGP
4 4 The Government of India has done an Excellent job by creating the greatest Education Bill "IIM BILL 2015".The Bill is 100 % Perfect & will take IIMs & India to New Heights..
1.The Government must have more control over IIMs regarding matters like Fees, Director etc.
2.The "MBA DEGREE" must be given to the 2 years Post Graduate Programme in Management Students as it is the Flagshiship, Oldest, Most Prestigious course
Please dont get misleaded by some selfish people by any means like petitions
2 0 1.By giving "MBA DEGREE" to the 2 year PGP students, IIMs will be able to attract better & International Students who want MBA Degree after 2 year course.
2.It will provide International Mileage to IIMs.
3 It will result in betterment of Rankings of IIMs at global level.
4.The Biggest government accreditation agency "AICTE" treats & confers 2 years PGP Equivalent to "MBA programme".Various International bodies & Magazines like The Economist etc. Do the same.
8 1 I am Salil Agrawal and I graduated from : IIM, Ahmedabad in Year : 1983
I have over 31 years of diverse experience spanning both industry and consulting. The bill in its present form  does not ensure the autonomy of the institutions which has been so important in making these institutions what they are. It creates a situation where the bureaucrats will try and force their views on these institutes of excellence. Clear measures could be created to ensure accountability without holding them down.
4 2 I want to Congratulate Government of India for preparing the greatest Bill ever in the field of Education.Government deserves Accolades for this effort.IIM BILL 2015 is the testament which will take brand IIM to greatest heights.
* The 2 year post graduate programme(PGP) which is the "Flagship, Oldest & Most Prestigious" Programme offered by IIMs MUST be given "MBA Degree" for the following reasons:
 **Continued next comment
0 0 Hello Mr. PM, I am trying to reach you with my project which can help not only current gov. but also make sure each of your MP and MLAs are working as per your expectations. At the same time this application will make sure, people of India also part of your development activities. Its more than a years, i sent letters, i used all social media, many people made me food that they can help me in meeting you. But no luck. Now i m losing my confidence. Give me chance 2 meet just for our INDIA.
4 1 The stated objective of the bill is to declare IIMS as institutes of national importance.However, a detailed reading of the sections leave an impression that the government is keen to increase its interventionist role rather than be a facilitator in pursuit of excellence. IIMs can be grouped into Mature [A,B,C], Evolving [I,L,K] and Nascent [the rest]. Bill fails to recognize and develop a policy framework to improve the operational autonomy.Sections 7(i),17(2),21(1&2),30,31,&36 are retrogressiv
2 0 My suggestions on IIM Bill 2015 is enclosed in the form of PDF file. 
Regards 
Mukul Shastry
IIM Ahmedabad Alum
2 0 Hi, 
A few stray incidents may have possibly led to such a move but such aberrations will get corrected by a watchful student community & market forces, especially in these days of viral social media.
1. Have periodic high level reviews of the Board by a committee of eminent, non-political persons
2. Fix the fees thru' a pan-IIM body with student & Govt. representation
3. Standardize the degrees with peer, International Institutes 
Barring the above, please leave the IIM's alone !.
1 2 In India every sphere of life is regulated and in a democracy the Government represents the will of the people. IIMs cannot resist regulating their business on the pretext of autonomy. There cannot be any autonomy without accountability. The standards of accountability can be fixed only by law. If the PGP/FPM programs need recognition in par with that of post-graduate degrees and doctoral degrees respectively, IIMs must follow strict rules. Excellence can be achieved by compliance.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Pls consider attached suggestions for incorporation in the proposed IIM bill to ensure competitiveness of IIMs in 21st century as well as bring parity in the naming of degrees across institutes.
thank you
1 0 Hi , I am a PGP from IIMA. My views are as attached.
In short give complete autonomy to these schools of excellence but make them also equally accountable and responsible to the people of our country and the rest of the world.
1 0 Sir, IIM should not run for the profit making. When entire funding is done by GOI then it's fee structure should be reduced substantially . IIMs are charging very heptic fee on the basis of autonomy and in last one decade have increased from below 1 lakh to 9-10 lakhs which is out of reach of affording even for  most of the  parents.
0 0 Dear Sir Please find my views below
Hope to see some changes 
thanks and regards
1 1 My name is A. Rajagopal. I am deeply disturbed by this bill. I am a graduate from IIM Ahmedabad 1977 batch. The current bill as it stands will kill everything that made IIMs ( and IITs) internationally renowned institutions.  Suggest this must be scrapped and a new bill with limited goal of financial transparency only without ANY operational interference by Govt. Please see attached for more detailed comments #IIM, # MyGOV #IIMBILL2015
1 0 When do we try to bring about some policy change .As per my understanding is concerned when we find some issues.When IIM'S are not falling in this category then why such a big change needs to be set in of making them a statutory body.I think giving out their autonomy will dilute its effeciency .
Let it function the way its functioning .Try reviving those institutes which need revival not the alived ones.
0 0 Dear Sir,
My comments are attached in the PDF
0 1 Hi Sir, My self Ashish Kakkar thanks to you for Man Ki Baat program I want you to raise some hard issues also like 
1. Conman Civil Code with reference to Muslim woman not got rights what other have
2. Reservation with reference to one category of people getting benefit of reservation and there kids also. We must stop A and B category Govt. employees kids to get benefit of reservation and allow more to get the benefit.
I think people of Indian society must discuss on harder issues also
0 0 Thanks for your efforts to reduce black money. To reduce burecratic corruption, please reduce 30% income tax to employees which is higher thatn corproate sectorr. More money in High Middle class reduce corruption increase purchase power. It will help production and employment. Implement Chellaiah committee or Pune Economic Forum suggestions. Bring income tax to exmployees from 30%. Middle class have a hope of ray in you. Instead of tax concession reduce income tax to employees.
0 0 At the overall level
•	Ensure the autonomy of the institutions.
•	Avoid faceless nameless bureaucrats trying to remote control such institutions of higher education and excellence from Delhi.
•	Same time, have clear measures of accountability and hold the IIMs to them. Likewise, specify the accountability of the "Central Government" and name the officials responsible
0 0 Comments are attached
0 1 The IIMs have been around for over half a century. Their graduates have found acclaim globally and in India, and are today CEOs of Fortune 100 companies, Captains of Industry, Chief Secretaries of GOI, founders of top NGOs etc. Every year, at campus placement time, hundreds of leading organizations queue up at these campuses. Lakhs of students apply each year. No one asks or questions whether PGDM is a degree. If things are going fine, why try to fix something? Autonomy is being curbed.See PDF
0 1 Intent of this bill looks good on the surface, hoping it does not have any clause for ceasing the autonomy of the IIMs. Currently IIMs have been doing an excellent work. One request will be to add another provision in which backward students be given advantage in IIMs in terms of fee and not seats. This fee amount thus discounted for the backward students can be compensated from the "General" category students. Advantage if restricted to fee, instead of seats will have a greater acceptability.
0 0 Sir, I want to bring your kind notice that one highway no 227A situated in District Gorakhpur, U.P. from Barhalganj to Barhaj called Ram Janaki Marg. There are daily accidents happens and many lives are getting death due to absent of breakers from Barhalganj to Barhaj. You are requested to please instruct to concern department/persons to prepare breakers nearby all villages lying on this  road. Hope you will look into the matter and do the needful. Regards, Ajay Mishra, Village Distwalia.
0 0 - We need to use the Brand Equity of IIMs and take them to - Singapore, Dubai,Australia
- Independence in attracting academic talent, therefore flexibility in salary slab to fix
- Renewed focus on doctoral program, as we need more researchers and academic talent
- On Fellow program of Management converting to Phd.
   - This is not an issue restricted to IIM
Many other institutes of repute (MDI Gurgaon, XLRI, IRMA) are running FPM programme need comprehensive policy to govern those too.
0 0 I didn't find time to go through the bill. But basic objective should be -
- There should be balancing situation between Govt executive and IIMs.
- This draft should not impact the working culture of IIMs which may demotivate them.
- Absolute autonomy can not be allowed to anyone in democracy. It is harmful in long run.
- IIMs must be  held liable to follow Govt orders to align itself with our democratic system.
- Any malpractices, if exists, must be put down objectively using this bill.
2 0 It is astonishing that Harvard Business Schools charges only about 1.3 times the US per capita GDP from its MBA students. While the course fees at India’s top IIMs is about 20 (twenty) times of India's per capita GDP. This needs an immediate correction for the benefits of citizens of this country, Availability of loans is no justification for charging such huge fees as the burden of paying the loan remains with the students and their families.
0 0 sir please make local teams for every city who will regularly follow up or will keep a check  on cleaning status... Best Regards :)
0 0 Respected Pardhan Mantri Ji, Namaskar !Sabse pehle Aapko " SWACHH BHARAT ABHIYAN " shuru karne ke liye Dhanyavad dena chahta hun kyonki es parkar ki soch ko jameeni satah tak lana koi aam baat nahi thi. Es liye mai kya Poora BHARAT Desh Aapke es kadam ka hamesha reeni rahega.
Lekin yahan par kuchh aise sawal hain jinke answer bhi Hum Sab ko milkar dhundhne honge aur unpar amal karne ke liye Positive kadam uthane honge !
Sir Swachh se kya abhipraye hai ? kya jharoo chalana hi Swachhata hai ?
0 0 To make Indian Management Education truly world class and compete with China and other countries we need ensure that the new IIM Bill (i) gives autonomy to the top IIMs based on their National, Asian and Global rankings and the fact taht they no longer receive Government grants anyway (ii) demand greater performance from them, not through more rules and controls but by monitoring tangible results.
0 0 Good move. The new arrangement must ensure IIMs work as center for enterpenural research and learnings are desipated across the nation.
1 0 Providing statutory status is a good move for the premiere institution but at the same time are concerns regarding loss of autonomous nature of these institutions and more government control on it…… these concerns should be adequately addessed
2 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Upgrading the IIM is a really good initiatuve and we are proud to have educational inatitutions of such a high caliber in our country. However we must be honest in facing few facts 1. In India there are many universities which are old and lack basic mechanism to function. If we can help them become better it will be more beneficial to students at large 2.We must realise that IIM passouts owe this country a moral reaponsibilty to rebuild India.This should be realized.JaiHind
0 0 Great researches are for brave talent...degrees are for position in the study... they are the proof for the where the citizen have occupied research in study... its good idea to have....keep going India ahead..
0 0 Yes it will be good idea to give degrees to students but they have to be autonomy status because they have to maintain their standards
0 0 मेरा सुझाव है कि "परीक्षाओ की प्रासंगिकताये बरकरार रखने हेतु कक्षा 9th से ही पाठ्यक्रम मे सभी प्रकार  के कोर्ष को ध्यान मे रखते हुये एक पृथक प्रश्नपत्र प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओं से सबध्द किया जावे और फिर नंबरो के आनुपातिक योग मे से मेरिट आधार पर विद्यार्थियो का चयन किया जावे  " निरन्तर मूल्याँकन अर्थात् लम्बी मेराथन के परिणाम सुखद होंगे ।
0 0 आयोजित AIPMT 2015
केन्द्रीय माध्यामिक शिक्षा बोर्ड के व्दारा आयोजित AIPMT (अखिल भारतीय चिकित्सा शिक्षा परीक्षा )२०१५ माननीय न्यायालय व्दारा पुनः कराये जाने के निर्णय से विद्यार्थियो के समक्ष अन्य स्थानो पर प्रवेश हेतु दबाब बने है मेरा सुझाव है कि इस सत्र मे मेरिट के अनुसार प्रवेश दिये जाने पर विचार किया जाना चाहिये ।
केन्द्रीयकृत प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओं से देश मे कौचिंग का बाजार पनपा है जो आज विराट रूप मे हमारे सामने आकर गरीबी के सपनो को लील रहा है ।शिक्षा को अधिनियमित करने वाले संस्थान असहाय है
0 0 government move is welcomed.govt should focus on quality study rather than built more IIMs and also quality vocational skill in ruralindia
1 0 Great move by MHRD. IIMs should be deemed the institutions of national importance. If an IIM PGDM graduate has to apply for further studies to foreign universities, the diploma mitigates the weightage which an IIM brand should ideally command. The situation for FPM graduates is even more acute. All IIM alumni should also be provided with the revised degree certificate.
0 0 Govt should focus on skill oriented vocational course. Students frm IIM or IIT lack the skills to become job providers.
0 0 To retain talent, selection on merit based has to be stringently followed. Profeesional atmosphere is  a must which is lacking even in top private sector companies in India. Why people go abroad is because they respect performers . Society has to give the answer and not the govt
2 0 Attaching a pdf file containing a one page write-up. Thanks for the opportunity.
1 0 Getting Job for a IIM student is not a difficult option. past placement record and salary package is a answer. Yes, appointing faculty position (in some case) may be difficult. I don't think any fresh graduate is interested to join as a faculty. survey need to be done for existing and old student interested in faculty position and doing research in India. This figure help in decisions mk
To keep the talent in India, Govt need to implement compulsory Job/Internship in India for a fixed period.
0 0 all shouldbring under and establish university according to ugc act.reforms in education bill is needed.high salary, benefits to officers in office and  professors need to be reviered as  paying them  on our tax money will not benefit us  plus  no good quality is not coming out. govt shoud facilitate butnotrunning   any establishments as this will weakening our finacial position.govt should increase the no of seats,and more usefull degrees to be introduced,like-landmanagement/power management,
0 0 (Continued…. Read previous comment)  Academic Council must contain separate representation for SUTAIBLE & QUALIFIED SC, ST and OBC’s (Don’t treat reservation as compromising with quality, treat it as a Capability Approach)
0 0 (Continued…. Read previous comment) If all the IIM’s are under one umbrella then there should be provision for RESERVATION in appointing the DIRECTOR’s of IIM (Don’t treat reservation as compromising with quality, treat it as a Capability Approach) and before incorporating this clause in the draft see how many Director has been appointed by the ministry of HRD previously from   SC & ST Category.
0 0 (Continued…. Read previous comment) Board of Governor must contain separate representation for SUITABLE & QUALIFIED SC, ST and OBC’s (Don’t treat reservation as compromising with quality, treat it as a Capability Approach)
0 0 (Continued…. Read first comment) last so many decades. I personally is of opinion that, the objectives of the Institutes of National Important should reflects its vision and the propose draft lack it and same is the case of Powers and functions of Institute. 
The clause, Institutes to be open to all races, creeds and classes is again very absurd and creates confusion and portray malignant intention of framers. Rather it should be simply Reservation Policy as Per the Government Norms.
0 0 What I think, the money of people of india should be efficiently and rationally  invested in developmental activities this should be prime consideration of peoples' representatives at each and every level from nigam parsad to prime minister.
Investment of money and lots of resources in establishing new IIMs and IITs is just like fidding overdose of Food supplement when somebody is suffering from fever. It means first the government should focus on existing education scenario.
0 0 From a student stand-point, there should be a clause for one of the most important activities in these B-school’s - placements.
•	IIM’s shouldn't act like placement cells, just facilitate company interaction.
•	Placement related rules should be as per "law of land" and what happens in “open job market”. 100% placement goal shouldn't be against students right to choose employer, decline offers, negotiate salaries etc.
0 0 I feel that, the proposed draft is very poor in its presentation and convincingly point out that, there is less involvement of IIM's academic fraternity. The Object of Institute Clause is immature and nubile. I don't understand how could be the objective of IIM's would be to educate and support leaders, to carry out research, publication, consultancy and advisory work, to provide mgt education, to sensitize management education, it quite obvious and these institutes are doing since conti...
0 0 Sir I have an idea to reduce the weight of scholl bag of children to have of the current wight as most of the parents complaints that their children school bag is much heavier then their weight sir by bringing this idea into the action the weight of school bag is going to be half.as we all know that there issemester system in CBSE board the books of student should be divided as chapter wise/sessional wise as the book of first sessional is not required in second sessional.wightof bag going tohalf
0 0 This is the very good steps in the field of education . I recommend to promote more and more service apartment to ensure that the students from India and outside India can come and get short term stay . Since there are lots of shortages of short term stay .
0 0 All the school's in INDIA must follow only one education system that is CBSE
0 0 Sir, recently you have launched a new app by your name. And it is only for android mobiles. My mobile is windows phone. This app isn’t working into my mobile phone. And I am very upset tell to you that, please built another new app for windows mobile phone by that I can get touch with you always.
0 0 i request u to do something for general categoery students  ,so that they will not loose their confidence ,,or quota ragistrstion ko ktam kia jae fr chahe wo addmisions k lie ho ya kisi job oppurtunity k lie 
thanks
0 0 respected sir,
i want u to disscuss the problem of intercast .or the cota registration ,,due to quota registration eligible students are not achieve their desire
0 0 Some suggestions for strengthening the bill:
(a) For the interest of keeping the brand IIM despite having many institutes of different vintage Govt. of India should specify a centralized process of faculty selection administered by UPSC. 
(b) Free movement of faculty across IIMs should be encouraged through a enabling provision  of the bill.
(c) To enable faculty members to take administrative positions in government provision for long leave upto 5 years should be incorporated
0 0 student at IIM should be exposed to current national problems and half of the course should be orinted towards solving those problems. This way student passing from IIM will be more focussed and prepared for creating value for countryman in slving problem like poverty, unemployment, sanitation, education etc.
0 0 #iimbill2015 Iim should be autonomous and admission should not be based on caste.There shoud not any reservation system.But should avail scholarship to students who are not able to pay fees or other expenses related to their studies.
0 0 The draft IIM Bill 2015 does not include the new and upcoming IIMs - 6 new IIMs in the states of Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh - given in the union budgets of 2014 & 2015.
0 0 Support this bill totally.
0 0 Educational institutes should always be autonomous.Since these are all elite institution which may allowed function freely.
2 0 Sir I request to u that please close the reservation quota in castisum. All cast submit in general catagory
0 0 educational institutes should always be autonomous. less governement more governance.more pressing issues are there before the country. 13 IIM institutes for this vast country is just not enough.
1 0 Bill  promises to meet a long-pending demand to convert diplomas awarded by the IIMs into degrees. But the real quest is whether gov control would help make these institutes centres of excellence. Public-funded institutes in India figure nowhere in the top 100 global ranking index. IIT have functioned in deciding their own curriculum, yet evidently the gov is seeking to interfere in their functioning. In case of the IIMs Bill, it is not clear to what extent gov seeks to interfere in functioning?
0 0 I think IIM should have independent institutes but at the same time they should have authority to provide Degree instead.It would be best for institutes have their independent decision making rights in teams of their education system.
0 0 I think the IIM's need to remain independent and autonomous institutes. These elite institutes which provide much needed quality managers to country need to be functioning independently. Government interventions tends to reduce the agility of these institutes. The management education scenario is highly qualitative world wide and if these elite institutes were to remain relevant internationally they would regular overhaul of the curricululm and adopt best practices. The current status is best.
0 0 Give the degree with a retrospective effect so that students passed out in the recent past are benefited by getting degrees instead of a diploma. Issue them a fresh or equivalent degree certificate.
2 0 IIM bill is a good idea. I have following observations on this.
1.Director and Chairman and few Governing board members often form a clique and run the institution in dictatorial manner. Faculty members do not have any say in managing affairs of the institution. The faculty representative in the Governing board is picked up by the director/Chairman who is essentially his yes man. Even new bill fail to address this issue.
2 0 Some more suggestions:
(a) Academic Council of the institutes should have at least two academicians of repute as members. These members may be chosen based on the nominations of the faculty of the institute.
(b) The Chairperson for the search and selection committee for the post of Director should be a distinguished academic to be chosen by the faculty of the institute through a process to be specified by the Govt. of India.
(c) The Director should hold the post for one term only.
1 0 Overall a good bill. I give below few suggestions:
(a) The two faculty representatives in the board are to be chosen through a process of election instead of being nominated by Chairperson.
(b) There should be a member of the non-teaching staff on the board to be chosen through a process of election.
(c) The proposed variable pay to the Director should be capped at 100% of his / her Basic Pay + DA to guard against excessive short term thinking which may harm the institutes future.
1 0 I think IIM bill is a good idea.  I have following observations on this.
1.Director and Chairman and few Governing board members often form a clique and run the  institution in dictatorial manner. Faculty members do not have any say in managing affairs of the institution. The faculty representative in the Governing board is picked up by the director/Chairman who  is essentially his yes man. Even new bill fail to address this issue.
0 0 why is it dat govt. of odisha not giving land for opening IIM at berhampur which is having huge potential for devlopment
0 0 Point 30 – The objectives for the Co-ordination Forum are mentioned, without specifying its need. The presence of the Minister and MoS for HRD in the Co-ordination Forum brings in direct involvement of the Government into the functioning of the Institutes, which should be the last and least objective of the Ministry. This entire clause has to be scrapped if the Ministry believes in giving autonomy to the Institutes.
0 0 Point 36 again makes it necessary for the Board to seek the approval of Central Government in several matters when changes in regulations might be required. This again impinges on the autonomy of the Institutes.
0 0 15 (1) - For management Institutes, inclusion of representatives of the Industry and alumni in the Academic Council would add value as the curriculum can attract latest developments from the industry.
Point 17 has some clauses which put the Central Government in total say of the appointment of the Director. The Visitor is given supreme powers and can simply express his/her dissatisfaction of the person selected for the post of Director. This has to be avoided.
0 0 Point 12 (2) (i) : The Institutes should be permitted to have variable pay and performance-related incentives for academic and other staff, as they deem fit, to foster a culture of learning, research and publishing.
Point 13 (4) – The clause should apply to representatives of the State and Central government representatives as well. The members of Board should all be treated at par.
0 0 In point 11 (b), the representative of the Central Government from the function of finance makes sense to the extent of understanding the financial status of the Institute. Why is the other representative required?
Point 10 (2) seems to have overriding powers over point 12 (1). This ambiguity can lead to severe administrative problems that can also affect the daily operations of the Institute.
0 0 Point 10 (2) gives sweeping powers to the Visitor to assess the work and progress of the Institute. This clause gives direct power to the Visitor to the extent of almost interfering in the operational issues of the Institutes. When the Institutes are asked to become self-sufficient and given leeway to design and promote the courses, the overriding powers of the Visitor can become detrimental to the performance of the Institute.
0 0 Regarding point 7 (k), it will be good if the Central Government takes into account the opinion of the faculty, alumni and the Boards of the Institutes while appointing the Director. This would reinforce the government’s commitment to democracy and the stakeholders would also feel involved.
Point 9 (2) talks of self-sufficiency and sustainability in financial matters. This is possible if the Institutes have full autonomy to raise their resources through fees and consultancy charges.
0 0 I hope point 7 (i) only refers to the Institutes “intimating” the Central Government in advance, and do not require prior approval in specifying their fees and other charges. And if there is no requirement of approval, intimating the same to the Central Government may not be required as well.
0 0 Point 7 (b) directly hits the autonomy of the Institutes in setting their own standards of admission by ceding all power in this regard to the Central Government. The Institutes, to grow as one of national importance, besides creating a name for themselves and the country in the world, need to be allowed to have their own criteria of admitting students to foster meritocracy and raise the standards of education.
0 0 Why ain't the Govt representatives on the Board not penalised for absence from Board meetings in Section 13(4)? The Visitor seem to have extraordinary powers. Govt approvals for top administrative posts shouldn't be made mandatory as it could delayed like the appointments of CIC, CVC, etc. If the Minister incharge of Technical Education has no control over Management Education, then it doesn't make sense for him/her to head the Co-ordination Forum.
Views expressed are based on my understanding.
0 0 Why is Section 7 (b) required? Why should Government policy decide courses of study? According to my knowledge, until now no such intervention has ever taken place. Section 9 (2) requires the IIMs to be self sufficient in contrary to Section 7 (i) which requires Government permission to determine fees for courses. Section 7 (n) is vague and may transform these premier institutions to something similar to Govt Schools where teachers have less time for teaching due to additional functions.
0 0 Except for the newer ones, the IIMs have been there for decades and have been functioning well with minimum Government interference. IIMs have produced great world leaders in all walks of life without being able to give out degrees. IIMs, through its alumni network, have built their own reputation such that most of the overseas institutions recognise the diploma and the fellowship as MBA and Ph. D. Quality learning matters more than degrees and it requires autonomy. IIMs can do without this Bill
1 0 The bill should not aim at micro managing or interfering with the activities of IIMs. The students should be provided degree instead of offering diploma. The autonomous status of IIMs should continue forever for improving the quality of education and for bringing new innovations. There should be no political interference in the institutions.
0 0 fund the people or projects which educates indirectly.
0 0 encourage more schlorships.
0 0 better if educationists remain away from politics.
0 0 taskforce to educate the people about the bad teachings the citizens of the country might be receiving.
0 0 Dear Sir my opinion regarding the admission process and the placement. Admission should be on the basis of skill and knowledge only not for community and religion wise reservations or other external influences. Give fees discount / scholarship to the deserve students. Should be high level monitoring for the admission. We should give / create more opportunities in our country itself. Otherwise others will utilise them and we will loose our chance to the devolopment of our Country.
Jai Hind...
0 0 All PGP 2 year students deserve to get an official MBA degree. 1 year program students should show maturity and learn Indian scenario when they talk about whether 1 year or 2 year PGP students deserve global accredited MBA degree. I think both should
0 0 Reservation must stop these institutions.Only merit should applicable.All political hurdles & administrative influence stopped.Talented,meritorious aspirants from Villages & poor financial background must have Scholarships.RESERVATION OF ANY TYPE MUST BE ABOLISHED. ITwastes our Money & resources!
0 0 I, all IIM PGP Students, alumni & aspirants want that the 2 year Post Graduate Programme in Management(PGP) must be given the full time "MBA DEGREE"..which is the FLAGSHIP, OLDEST, MOST PRESTIGIOUS PROGRAMME offered by IIMs...as it will strengthen & Globalize "BRAND IIM",  "BRAND INDIA" & Truly help succeed "MAKE IN INDIA" Campaign that churns out 4000 plus IIM PGP graduates which are the best pool of talent in india which runs India's Economy & Corporate World & not 1 year executive PGP..
0 0 The indian industry to create successful "Make in India" campaign want regular 2 year , MBA graduates to mould them according to their "Make in India" vision not the newly started 1 year programmes which does not have even 1/10 strength of the PGP graduates & suffer for lack of placements & good quality students..see link.....http://www.coolavenues.com/executive-mba/executive-mba-update/one-year-e...
0 0 If MBA Degree is given to only 1 year executive PGP then it will lead to tremendous deterioration in the brand value of IIMs...Hence no changes must be made only for selfish motives of few people & an Full time "MBA DEGREE" must be awarded only to 2 year post graduate programme in management course students..which will lead to attracting better & international students to the programme...as international students require "MBA DEGREE" at the end of programme...in norm with AICTE...
0 0 The 2 Year PGP offered by the IIMs are the FLAGSHIP & OLDEST & MOST PRESTIGIOUS programmes offered by IIMs on which the entire Brand IIM, Corporate world is based..which churns out more than 4000 graduates every year & more in future...to which THE BEST OF THE BEST TALENT TAKES ADMISSION THROUGH THE TOUGHEST SELECTION PROCEDURES..LINK http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2013-04-18/indias-iim-a-the-worlds-... ...is the only contender to be provided MBA Degree as in bill
0 0 Sir,there is a section of selfish people who are asking that MBA Degrees to be awarded only to 1 year executive pgp course...Sir, they have also filed petition for the same.I have gone through the IIM BILL & Their petition both...please take notice of reality as follows:
THE MODI GOVERNMENT HAS DONE A LAUDABLE & GREAT WORK BY CREATING THE IIM BILL 2015.....EVERY WORD WRITTEN IN THE THE BILL IS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT & TO THE POINT....
...Continued in my next comment due to space constraint
0 0 I support the IIM Bill 2015 and hope it will be implemented ate the earliest
0 0 admission of candidates to the various courses of study
under clause (b) of section 7:
Under this Clause, please ensure that the marks that are considered for admissions is normalized so that the admissions are agnostic to the university a person may have studied in & it gives a level playing field to every aspirant.
1 0 The best way of Promotion of Information and Communication Technology systems in school and adult education is to allot all the possible allocable opportunities of learning and promoting to the privileged reservation categories and corrupt, selfish persons, like chaiwalas who fulfill their dreams "around the world" at the cost of nation's money, shot slogans of good doing to the poor.
1 0 On 31-5-15 his speech Maan Ki baat Resp. PM Mr Narendra Modi has CONGRATULATED the successful students on BOARD EXAMINATION RESULTS, and CONSOLED the others stating TAKE FAILURE AS AN OPPORTUNITY, LAYS FOUNDATION FOR SUCCESS. But what about those DESERVING STUDENTS, WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND JUST FOR SAKE OF GREAT PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES, Resp. PM Mr NARENDRA MODI SIR what FOUNDATION should they consider.
Resp. PM Mr NARENDRA MODI SIR, do you have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA speech
0 0 मसौदा आईआईएम विधेयक 2015
0 0 I think government and PSUs should start recruitment from IITs and IIMs and compete with private sectors in terms of perks being offered rather than making it compulsory to serve in India.
0 0 #MHRD #IIMBILL2015Below is my blog where i have explained my view in details:https://thefirstopinion.wordpress.com/2015/06/19/iim-bill-against-autono...
1 0 Clause 22 should ensure minimum funds to be granted to any Institute.
Older IIMs (IIMC, IIMA, IIMB) have self-sufficiency in terms of funds. They should be assured of atleast some minimum grants from the government in return for them following the Act of Parliament.
1 0 Two-year full-time courses in IIMs should be recognized as flagship courses of the IIM and should be conferred with the flagship "MBA degrees"
Many students with substantial work experience join the IIM's two-year programmes which are more rigorous than one-year programmes. Please look at the data before taking decision of any petition.
One-year courses can be recognised "Executive MBA" in line with international practices.
0 0 Clause 32(c) says that if an office bearer was appointed to office on wrong grounds 9incorrect information furnished by the candidate running for office) or a defective selection process, the decisions such an office bearer will still hold valid? This is not acceptable.
0 0 Clause 21(2) says "The decision of the Central Government whether a question is one of policy OR NOT, shall be final."
This clause is a threat to the autonomy of the IIMs because it goes beyond prescriptions required around policy and gives the MHRD powers to delves into other matters of IIMs.
31(2)(e) enables the Co-ordination forum to "perform such other functions as may be referred to it by the Central Government." This is a very open-ended clause.
0 0 Clause 5(e) talks about only those students who are currently pursuing education in the IIMs. What about the students ho have already completed their education from the IIMs. Whether diplomas awarded to passed out students will gain automatic recognition as degrees across the world under the Act of indian Parliament?
Clause 12(2)(o) doesnt cover degrees or diplomas. Will this take away the autonomy of the IIMs to make regulations around the degrees or diplomas they confer
0 0 The well performing institutes should be allowed to function in autonomous manner while the ones with poor performance record need to be held accountable. Quality of education is what matters in IIMS. Nature of certificates one gets through institutions rarely serves any purpose as long as these certificates are not in consonance with requisite skills.
0 0 This is good but i have never seen anyone from IIM or IIT joining Govt of India.
We should make them mandate to serve/work for Govt which is made in case of Medical PG's..
0 0 It's a better plan However, there should be a mandate for bond or contract to serve in India after graduation. Also, merit based students placement is to be implemented together with measures.
0 0 Its better to give autonomy to institutions itself....but centre should have an eye on the institutions and approval from the centre....
0 0 #Eco-friendly Tourism
 हिमाचल प्रदेश के रोहतांग मेँ पर्यटकोँ को आजकल भारी परेशानी का सामना करना पड रहा हे. इसका कारण हे " वहाँ केवल सीमित संख्या मेँ ही वाहनो को जाने की अनुमति हे.
 समाधान:- क्या हम Ropeway( उडान खटोला) के बारे मेँ सोच सकते हे? क्या हमेँ इस दिशा मेँ आगे नहीँ बनना चाहिए?
Infrastruture खडा करने मेँ केवल एक बार खर्चा आएगा.
 यह सस्ता पड़ेगा और पर्यटन को बढ़ावा मिलेगा और यह Eco-friendly भी हे.
0 0 This is a good approach and will surely beneficial to the required ones.
0 0 This is good. However, there should be a mandate for bond or contract to serve in india after graduation. Also, merit based students placement is to be implemented together with measures to safeguard the institutions from corruptions.
0 0 In My View all IITians, IIMs Pass out must work for Govt Organisation for one year to get their certificate. It like training for them. Both GOvt / Students will be benefited from each other.
1 0 रेलवे को पानी बोतलें खरीदने के नाम पर
गरीब जनता क
 ट्रेन के प्रत्येक डिब्बे में स्थित
चार टॉयलेट
में से एक को हटाकर उसके स्थान पर
शीतल और फ़िल्टर्ड वाटर का ATM लगा
देना चाहिए जिससे 1₹ लीटर के हिसाब
से जनता को आसानी से शुद्ध और
शीतल जल उपलब्ध करवाया जाना
चाहिए।
इससे स्वच्छता अभियान का लक्ष्य भी
पूरा
होगा क्योंकि एक ही बर्तन या बोतल में
यात्री
ज़रूरत पड़ने पर पानी ले सकेगा।
बार-बार नई बोतलें खरीदने के कारण
प्लास्टिक बोतलों के कबाड़ से वातावरण
सुरक्षित हो सकेगा।
0 0 विशेष आवश्यकता वाले बच्चों की शिक्षा के लिए जो प्रयास हो रहे है वह सराहनीय है I केंद्र द्वारा प्रायोजित IED-SS स्कीम अब लगभग सभी राज्यों गतिशील हैं I लेकिन इस स्कीम के अंतर्गत काम कर रहे लोंगो के बारे कुछ भी नही सोचा जा रहा है I सरकार अपना पैसा बचाने के लिए इस क्षेत्र मे काम कर रहे लोगों का शोषण कर रही है, इनका समय ख़राब कर रही है l केंद्र द्वारा दिए गए अध्यापको के वेतन का केवल आधा या आधे से भी कम वेतन राज्य दे रहा है । ये कहा का न्याय है । आखिर ये ठेका कब खत्म होगा
0 0 The proposal is lucrative from academic point of view. But other facilities for students to enable to give them sufficient concessions in matters of rent and hostel charges, good hygenic low cost food in canteens are also to be considered equally important. Afterall a healthy generation can only give a healthy future.
0 0 Respested Sir,
Please provide special status for andhra pradesh.
Thanks and Regards
B Venkataramana
0 0 Respected Sir,
My name is Kumar Rajdeep and I hail from Bihar.Presently studying in Delhi. Sir, this to inform you we people coming from outside Delhi are facing much problem due to rent charged by landlords. As u know sir, living and studying here is much costly. Some family some how cut their expense and send money to their children. I request u sir please look into this matter as it's becoming a problem to the existence of the people coming from outside.
0 0 Respected pmo sir, pls take action about Unemployment situation in West Bengal...we are to much suffering about this reason
0 0 1 At phd level cast based reservation shall be removed. Since ohd is the higest education level the we can start aplying level field from topto bottom.
2 ensuring the service of the studetns are made available to the nation first. The nation puts some amoint of money in teaching each student but most of them flock to foreign ladn . Can a minimum conrract can be amde like singapore that for the student has to contribite minimum for 5 years to The nation.
3 most o
0 0 Dear sir,
I have opinion if running display inside the train station wise like metro train it will be helpfull to all.
Mostly ladies before station come they will prepared for shifting of materials to train gate & no hurry burry to comeout to platform.
2 0 Respected sir,
Now days water is very important thing and nothing is possible without it. So for sustainibility of water, meter should be placed to each household as placed for electricity, otherwise water scarcity will surely come in future & it will huge impact on nation growth so sustain water, sustsin growth of country by saving water.
2 0 Respected sir
Selection through reservation based on caste and religion will not bring talents and capable person to bring down their innovative ideas. Please stop selection based on caste and religion my point of view is look on to the persons capability will bring all level ppl to develop a strong india.
0 0 Al
3 0 Sir mjhe pta h sahi jariya nhi h ynha aap ideas or suggestion expect kr rhe h but sir maine bhut se letter likhe h help k liye pta nhi aap tak pahuche ya nhi or mjhe jyada use krna nhi aata internet or ye bhi nhi pta ki ye msg aapko pahuchega ki nhi but sir plzz help me main dr. Bnna chahti hu aapne nepal k bacche ki pdhaai me sahyog kiya please aap meri  pdhaai me bhi meri help kijiye.......sakshi saxena
1 0 Respected modi ji, i want to tell tou about aviation colleges in India ,who are cheated students of india very brutally , because after completing 2 and half year of aircraft maintenance engineering(_which is in mechanical engineering and avionics engineering) , they didn't give us any diploma or graduate level certificate . As there is scarcity of jobs due to less airlines in our , students after passing out from college are just 12th pass outside aviation, and then there is no job for them .
2 0 Respected modi ji mera naam sakshi saxena h main agra main rhti hu sirmain medical ki preparation kr rhi hu but gov. Collage nhi mila sir please aap meri help kijiye mere parents private fee pay nhi kr skte please sir help mei.
3 0 Respected Modi ji
I am Sunil Gautam from Derabassi Punjab. Pl stop the reservation based on the cast and religion in each area. All the appointments , selections must be based on the capabilities.Otherwise duffers are sit in the top position.If we stop this reservation ,Very soon the day will come ,India will be in top of the world.
1 0 Respected Modi Ji,
I sanjeev Choudhary R/o delhi , I am a supporter of yours (not BJP).I am a small  businessman in delhi ,I have 45 bigha land in district saharanpur u.p, I want to install solar power plant under make in india project.please provide all the information related this project.u.p.govt doesn't support this project.
0 0 Namaskar modi sir I have one beautiful idea we will run a online trees purchasing free of cost who can buy and implement the tree for3 months then will give a reward points tobthem
1 0 Respected PM SIR
                After completing my civil engineering degree I have a thought in my mind last year that if BJP govt will come then I will stay in India,if not then will try to go to foreign. I feel proud now for my decision.
        I have a request that please make my INDIA corruption free and make it GREEN.Please grow trees and make ponds as underground water and forests are reducing day by day. I will be happy to serve my country if any help is needed from my side.
0 0 Respaced Mr. Prime Minister
Sir,
As we concern the defence of the country we have a weak air force sir. It's my calculation that we must need at least 50-100 5th gen fighter and the 100-200 4 to 4.5 fighter planes. Than increase the production of Tajas fighter up to 100 per year.
There are so many other aspects sir like anti missile and anti aircraft system.
So many others .....
Sir it's my believe that your govt.having serious attentions on Indian defence
Thank you
1 0 Respected pm sir,,,
yoga compulsory in all school in india specially govt.school
0 0 योग को पुरे देश के स्कूल में कम्पलसरी करना चाहिए
0 0 Since the primary purpose of this bill is to improve the popularity and acceptability of the FPM program, can we also include a point on having mixed FPM degree from multiple IIMs. For ex: IIM A is best for marketing and IIM C is best for finance, so this bill should legitimize the FPM degree where student can do research in marketing field from IIM A for first 2 years and then substantiate it by doing research on finance @ IIM C.
3 2 आखिर किसी ने सोचा है अच्छे दिनों के लिये हमारा योगदान कितना है.?
*सड़क किनारे पोटी  करता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे दिन कब-
*दीवार पर पेशाब करता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे
*बिजली चोरी करता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे-
*यहाँ-वहाँ कचरा फैंकता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे
*टेक्स चोरी करता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे
*देश से गद्दारी करता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे
*लड़कियों से छेड़खानी करता व्यक्ति पूछता है,
अच्छे-
*सड़क पर रेड सिग्नल तोड़ते लोग पूछते हैं,
अच्छे-
1 0 DEAR
PM SIR 
 YOGO COMPULSORY IN ALL SCHOOL SUBJECT ALL STANDARD BE CAME ALK HEALTHY STUDENTS
0 0 NAMSKAR
       DEAR PM SIR
I WOULD LIKE TALK TO EVERY INDIAN PEOPLES. DO SOME IDEA'S SUGGESTIONS AND
BUT SIR MY LAND COVERS FOR DEFENSE SO NOT USED ANY MY LAND LIKE A LAND BILL WHY PASSING BENEFIT ARE COMMON
MAN
0 0 Hallo shree 
narendra damodar modi......
0 0 Why are we not including the 6 new IIM s under this too ? They are in search of credibility. And sooner or later they too will have to be given the same status.
1 0 Thank u sir to allow common people to talk wid u directly n itz a nice concept
1 0 IIM and IIT should able to get admit people from middle class and below
0 0 We need more iim & iit ........
1 0 Sir I hv doubt about land bill n I cnt undrstnd how common people get benefit from it
0 0 Im strongly suporting to land bill.....pls do fast
0 0 Its really a great move. We can have provision that each passed out student should work with Government organizations or Government for at least a year and put a research paper on the problem being faced and their solutions. Bright students can then be recruited by Governmentin national interest.
0 0 It's a minimum requirement for make in India. And to produce better technician for each and every field
2 0 During my small journey to Germany I have seen,if we will buy a water bottol of 1 euro ,after drinking water we can return empty bottol and can get approx 16 cent back,it was also aplicable for drinks like coke etc.so why we can't apply this idea in india.it will lead to our swachha bharat abhiyan, if people will get few rupee back on behalf of empty bottol they will not shrow it and can save few money , we can avoid soil polution and other related problems also.
2 0 Kindly include a directive to the IIMs that makes it compulsory for them
1.To participate with local governance, to improve their working and serving people's needs in that geography, which gives a great 'value addition' to the way local governances work.
2.The IIM intellectuals should have a mandatory 'survey and solution' project that addresses the top 10 key problems people face around the area, institutes are located.
Bcoz addressing local problems are equally imp as to global issues.
0 1 India need more and more iit and iim .
1 0 My gov great job for IIM bill 2015.
0 0 My gov apps inbuilt featured to all mobile so that nonandroide person simple type SMS and get his\her solution per year charges should only 12/-rs so that all people can access
0 0 All the govt office problem solve in miscall given by any person govt approach those number who given call and citizen charter also follow
4 0 Sub: Innovation in Driving Licence and Car ignition System.
My Innovation:
When Driver sit in car he have to insert driving licence(DL) in slot.
When DL goes inside, system will scan its finger print which is given at the time of driving test and driver have to put his finger on Biometeric scanner installed in car. If both( Print in DL & Original driver who is sitting) the prints matches then only the ignition of car will starts.
It also scan dl no. I.e car driver is unable to drive truck.
1 0 Letter to
Smirti Irani/Dr. M. Mangapati Pallam Raju
Results of CBSE (+2)  after delay almost 15 days to state board results. by this time, all institutions have completed the counseling in Tamil nadu, and seats are almost filled. we cannot understand, why CBSE students have to face this situations, they have to fight wherever left seats un filled/not selected, and all institutions exploit this in one or other way. CBSE education system, which is normally considered better than St
0 0 I am an assistant prof. of business in the US. This is a welcome though cosmetic change. While drafting the final bill, one more important principle of management school governance should be kept in mind. Allow boards full autonomy. The government may set broad policy directions, but it should get involved in governance in only the "rarest of rare" cases. E.g., faculty salary should be benchmarked internationally, as is done in China & other countries. 'Close watch' and 'autonomy' are oxymora.
4 0 IIMs should be granted statutory status but then their is a suggestions. All IIMs should be made as Management education hubs while at least 10 Govt. & private B schools in an around should be affiliated to them and to expand management education through hub & spoke concept. This shall bring quality and not quantity which has really degraded the management education today. The situation is so bad that I can hire a management graduate in Rs.5000/- per month while I can not hire a labour in this.
0 0 Good move, overall. Maybe even overdue. Will be lot easier for graduates to move overseas! If IIMs can award degrees it is time they look at their basic admission criteria too - consider making work experience of atleast 2 year prior to admission mandatory. This goes a long way in giving the students the right perspective and preparedness for business education. Management is a lot about maturity. Real world working experience is the best way to earn it and having it equips one better.
0 0 We are producing manager in General , IIM after 1st year of study in General , shuld connect with industry or institution as per the interest of individual candidate  , so that industry or institution can save the time to train the manager at their work , they shuld get manager competent from the day one to be
 productive  faster , it will save lot of cost ---
0 0 In my previous comment, I may be critical about the present policy of school education system. But if you speak from bottom of our heart this is the true reality we encounter in our developing nation.
0 0 Addressing Higher level education is not the very need of the hour, in my view reforming  the school level education is the dire need in this nation, where one end of the continuum is so advanced with virtual skills and other end of the continuum is so poor to understand the developments and available opportunities.
Mushrooming private schools with very expensive school education is making mockery of Fundamental Right to Education.
Please save educational system at gross root levels.
0 0 IIMs should give MBA degrees but its autonomy should be maintained. It should not be under UGC or Human resource Ministry....stricyly
1 0 Three of the IIMs (Ahmedabad, Calcutta and Bangalore) have been well established and figure out in global rankings. By treatign them at the same level as the new IIMs the Bill pulls down well established Institutions. They should be treated separately and given full autonomy to conduct themselves as before. The Faculty, Boards and the Society be treated differently and be given a different status.
0 0 Our management institute are more of producing managers who can simply direct from dtanding at top, there is very rare wen we see the involvement of the manager and taking the responsibilties for failure also. Take the case of organising of commonwealth games,wasthere no to take responsibilities in this regard frim these fancid institutions.The opportunity which came idia way was indeed squandered like any thing.The projects and internship should be  ofinvolvement and trusting the responsibilty.
1 0 in management there were so many low knowledge person have a good management.so give them a certificate for there encoragement.[प्रोत्साहऩ]
2 0 It should be made mandatory that The IIMs should have a considerable percentage say(60%) of faculty from Industry experience more than 15 years and some successful entrepreneurs as visiting faculties.
1 1 All IIMs can be put under one university which only proposes the guidelines and make IIMs as autonomous institutes under the university. The university may include other top B-schools that run under a common curriculum based on a expert panels' suggestion. The curriculum may have some flexibility with options for the institutes to adapt.
1 0 Sir, there are many other good B-schools in the country which can only grant PGDM degree and not MBA. But when compared these institutes offer more value in terms of exposure and knowledge but lack the value in terms of acceptability of the degree in academics. It would be really good to consider this issue.
0 0 Faculty assessment should be made transparent. Faculty can be transferred from one IIM to another IIM.
0 0 There should be common service rules and regulation for employees.
0 0 The idea of allowing IIMs to confer degrees & Ph.D instead of PGDM and fellowship program is a smart move on the part of the government but the autonomy of the institutions must not be compromised.
On the other hand, a handful of private institutes imparting quality education in the field of management may suffer and their students may be the worst affected by the move. Their futures may become uncertain.
Govt should also grant these select few to confer degrees and Ph.Ds due to their legacy.
1 0 IIMs should be in multiple locations but should have stringent filters to ensure quality like teaching and research...encourage collaboration with older IIMs...focus on FPM and number of PHD equivalents to build our doctoral pool....collaborate with industry to get Chair Professor and research sponsorship and course should bring out innovative work rather than academic excellence through rote learning or case study hard work alone. Ethics and career management to be included in courses.
0 0 Regarding the curriculum, in my MBA I mostly studied western thought and western management principle which may or may not be applicable in India's context. Please try to have Indianized education as Kautilya's Arthshastra or Administration of ancient times. It may be old but can be helpful. The 'West' is digesting our theories and present them to us as theirs. Need is to restore Indian pride back in Indians.
0 0 Regarding the course curriculum of IIM, IIM Grads should be asked to work for 1 year full time in Rural areas and make help Rural Entrepreneurship. Cost of education is too high in IIMs, there should be subsidy and meritorious EWS people who get subsidy should be asked to work for #MakeInIndia for 3 years instead of working in US/UK etc with some BIG4 or other topshot company. 
-Best,
Amit Sharma
0 0 Most Important is give responsibility to IIM to do work in interior area where basic need  not available , root of the whole development is village development. Please do involve to IIM to find solution how to solve problem on this root level problem. Our big percentage of labour and man power is living in village. 
SO make IIM bill 2015 as village development oriented.
0 0 Industry must join hands with industry for the research & development. Because R&D in industry is not a successful because secured job and comfort zone not allowing to focus on research which need high focus, so most of R&D closed. If industry joined hands with University, can bring succes, because students badly need to prove their skill and highly focused but not who works in industry. Most of successful products in US are from Universities but not in India.
0 0 Most of Indian education system lacks in practical knowledge including recognized bodies like IIM. If someone who has experience from years of industry background, want to serve in the noble field of education, system is not allowing. Though industry pays more than academic side, still many feels to serve this nation by serving as education professional to develop their skill, existing system is not letting to do so. Because industry experience is not recognized. But badly needed.
1 0 As per my suggestion, 
1) Before approval of commencement of course, there should be one report by external body declaring that all the infrastructural facilities are complied in IIM campus.
As I quoting the case of IIM-Rohtak, IIM using the campus of MD Univ. No doubt, MDU has a good infra facilities but why there is lacking of its own building even after completion of 5 years.
0 0 Yes to bill concept. But who takes the responsibility n accountability of persons getting degree will stay back in India n work here for development. Can we enforce this through bill.Let those who are Interested to work here be given admission. Its may not be acceptable to majority but Decision will be in favour of India.
0 0 do it as soon as possible
0 0 It'd a good gesture for Modi govt to take note. It should have taken place long ago. Why should our best brain earn a P.G. diploma from premiere institutions? They deserve MBA degree and now will get it. It shows present
Gov is a thinking government. A diploma is always regarded inferior to a degree. They why should our students suffer. Let them join as IAS and NGOs and develop India; not just join the rat race for MORE money.
0 2 Since when did students from IIM start having problems in the job market? Rights to grant degrees is a good idea. But I doubt it needed a so called public suggestion for that.
0 0 None of the new IIMs opened in 2010-11 have their own campus.  After six years they are still working from makeshift arrangements.  IIM Ranchi is operating from two floors of a state government building.  Their hostel is about 10-15 Kms away in rented premises.  We appreciate the present government steps taken by the present government.  But we must provide them  infrastructure and also independence for decision makeing.I have hope the present government led by our prime minister provide results
0 0 After coming of present government appreciable steps have been taken in the field of higher education. The IIMs have produced brilliant minds which not only are not only have shown their metal in national area but international area.  We welcome the grant of statutory status to existing Indian institute of Managements (IIMs). they should be given enough resources to build their infrastructure and faculty.  Remuneration of faculty should be on international standards to draw best minds for IIMs.
0 0 There should be no govt role except basic policy. No political say and  strictly no student/teachers  political involvement.If it is proved he or she should be punished.
0 0 Firstly a management  student is to be a true person not the one cheated.
0 0 if he want to judge the did, he go to any dance school. so one student   can get a good education
0 0 IIMकि शाखा देश के राज्य की राजधानी में एक साथ खुले एेसि निति बनाए जाय
0 0 as per my views,today's era highly required management with small or large scale in every fields just as example for the administrative,building or other infastucture planning and also even other huge or small various planning factors hence,its should priority issue to solve by the new government.
0 0 નિષ્ણાતોનો મત છે કે, બીજા દેશોની સરખામણીમાં ટેક્નોલોજી અને ઉચ્ચ શિક્ષણની બાબતમાં ભારતની હાલત ઘણી ખરાબ અને નબળી છે. હાયર અને ટેક્નિકલ એજ્યુકેશનના હાલના સત્રમાં સાત લાખથી વધુ બેઠકો ખાલી પડે છે.
એ વાત યાદ રાખવી જોઈએ કે ફક્ત આઇઆઇટી, એનઆઇટી, આઇઆઇએમ અને સરકારી કોલેજોના ભરોસે ઉચ્ચ શિક્ષણમાં પ્રગતિ સાધી શકાશે નહીં. સરકારે ખાનગી સંસ્થાનો અને યુનિર્વિસટીઓ માટે બહેતર યોજના બનાવવી પડશે. એ એક સંશોધનનો વિષય છે કે,દર વર્ષે આટલી મોટી સંખ્યામાં બેઠકો કેમ ખાલી રહે છે? ઉચ્ચ શિક્ષણથી લોકોનો મોહભંગ કેમ થઈ રહ્યો છે
0 0 Government control on IIM Board will not help IIM's to compete against the global management institutes. Allowing autonomy on course design, facutly, research programs gives the IIM flexibility to compete against such institutes. Notion of government control on IIM Board would lead to exodus of free-spirited, enthusiastic, research oriented proffessors as well demotivate the expats who would have joined IIM-A otherwise. IIM-A should be given power to confer degrees to increase global diversity.
0 0 Need to follow "Education system of Finland" for faster Growth:   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_in_Finland
0 0 Need to follow "Education system in Finland" in India Growth:   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_in_Finland
0 0 I believe, instead of Govt, Alums of IIMs shall be given voting rights to choose Chair-Person and nominees in Board of Governers.
As per bill, alums and students are biggest stakeholders, yet they don't have any say in the functioning except that BOG may choose upto three alums on their discretion.
Each course shall be accredited with international bodies. Globally, One-Year MBA Program of few IIMs is accredited as MBA and Two-year as MIM. IIMs shall be allowed to grant appropriate degrees.
0 1 सरकार 500, 1000के नोटो exपायरी date मुद्रित करे  भ्रस्ट्राचार नही होगा
महन्गाई कम होगी . रुपये गद्दे.यकिये .दिवालो मे नही चुने जायेगे पाच साल बाद जनता बेंको मे जा कर अपने नोट बदल सकेगे सरकारी टेक्स आधा हो जायेगा एक हजार लाभ है
0 0 well Sir, I think IIM must contribute their field training with the agriculturist so that in their management projects and management planning they may better choose or select various options for the agriculture upon agriculture management and practice for the better profit generation, so there is a vast need while learning or earning with IIM it should be compulsory to do the things which are co related with the agriculturist.  Today farmers need new technology of irrigation. sunil
0 0 The bill seems ok on language and provisions. However more important issue is implementation of all these provision in spirit. Minimize govt. intervention to a bare minimum level. By enabling these IIMs to grant degrees, their acceptability at International level will get a boost. More foreign students can be attracted towards these institutes. Courses like IPM at IIM-Indore will get its due recognition. Students will be able to go for further studies in foregn universities.
2 0 IIM Indore has started a new innovative programme called IPM (Integrated Programme in Management)which enables holistic development of young students and creates better leaders for the country.It is a 5 year integrated programme which gives them Integrated Diploma in Management (IDM) but rather they should be awarded degree and PG status. Also after completion of this programme students should be allowed to appear for the UPSC exams and concerned state commission exams.#IIM
0 0 why separate bill for IIMs, IITs,AIIMSs, central universities. the legal jungle must be reduced so that citizens can breathe and live easily and their dependence on middlemen (called lawyers) is reduced. in addition to 'ease of business', why modiji is not interested in 'ease of living' for ordinary citizens. let us have a single 'central educational institutions act' amalgamating all above categories and old acts, so that after passage of this act there is no need to go again to parliament.
0 1 PM Modi, 400+ #IIM MBAs are seeking your help to ensure that MADE IN INDIA MBAs meet global standards and have signed a petition asking for changes in the #IIMBILL2015 to ensure that the MBA degree at IIMs is awarded to One Year Full Time courses and Masters in Business Management (MBM) degree is awarded to two-year PGP courses, in sync with the global accreditation awarded to these courses by Association of MBAs. The petition started by http://OneYearMBA.co.in is at: http://bit.ly/amendiimbill
0 0 PM Modi, 400+ IIM MBAs are seeking your help to ensure that MADE IN INDIA MBAs meet global standards and have signed a petition asking for changes in the IIM bill to ensure that the MBA degree at IIMs is awarded to One Year Full Time courses and Masters in Business Management (MBM) degree is awarded to two-year PGP courses, in sync with the global accreditation awarded to these courses by Association of MBAs. The petition started by http://OneYearMBA.co.in is at: http://bit.ly/amendiimbill
0 0 What is benefit of IIM for India / Indian.  Is is made indian industry competent enough to meet the challenges of MNC.  Else let the students pay fees without any subsidization.
0 0 Second the Bill but this should happen without sacrificing the autonomy
1 0 Pl pass the bill which will enable iim to award degree . At the same time maintain autonomy of these prestigious national institutions
0 0 आपसे करबद्व निवेदन है कि युपी में हो रहे शिक्षा मित्रों के अवैध समायोजन का संज्ञान ले। आपको अवगत कराना चाहता हूँ कि सपा सरकार जहाँ एक ओर एनसीटीई के नियमों को ताख पर रखते हुए टीईटी फेल शिक्षा मित्रों को पूर्ण शिक्षक बना रही है तो वहीं दूसरी ओर प्रशिक्षित स्नातक बीटीसी+टेट पास हजारों लोगों को बेरोजगारी का दंश झेलने के लिए मजबूर कर रही है जो न सिर्फ असंवैधानिक है बल्कि आरटीई का घोर उललघंन भी है।आपसे आशा ही नहीं विश्वास भी है कि आप सत्य एवं नयाय का साथ देंगी
4 0 Dear Madam, I am thankful for this bill. IIMs should get the right to award Degree (MBA, PhD instead of PGDBM and FPM respectively). This will help them to enter in Universities or abroad education applications. After passing the bill, implement it quickly for the benefit of the students. I will request you to fill backlog of the faculties and also, start the recruitment for the faculty positions at new IIMs. Kindly pay attention to the stipend of the Doctoral students. #IIM, #IIMBILL2015, #MHRD
0 0 all higher institute aluminis should qork dor our country for minimum 4 years....make it compulsary...India need it now
2 0 IIM passouts are judging dance India dance....question should be asked why they are wasting countrys resource?
1 0 Draft bill should be made available for suggestions,take steps to ensure participation of poores of poor.
0 0 The IIM students are well establish but they are not working for India...going abroad. The reason is that the fees is very high. So poor students are unable to study there. If fees will be affordable then poor students will study and they will stay in India and do something good for India....
IIM should provide training to the faculty of other Institution and other employee of India...Govt should take some measure on this isuue.
0 0 I am proud of all the changes which are happening to make our country a global leader. Have concern on the SERVICE TAX on EDUCATION LEVIED against the IIM fee amount when you are exempting Films and shows like IIFA ceremony etc.How about the not so well to do and Poor students and that too Girls. I am a senior citizen and my daughter got selected for part time Executive General Management programme at IIM-B. the fee itself is very high for such certificate course.Please exempt tax on education.
0 0 Plz display the draft IIM Bill 2015
0 0 MADAM. i WITH TO POINT OUT THAT ALL THE CENTRAL GOVT EXAM ARE BASED ON CBSE PATTERN AND HENCE THE NON CBSE STUDENTS UNABLE TO GET MORE SEAT THAN THE CBSC STUDENTS. FIRST MAKE A COMMON SYLLABUS THROUGHOUT INDIA AND SEE HOW OUR PEOPLE SHINE IN ALL FIELDS
2 0 The intake for the IIMs is mostly from IITs, NITs. Majority selections are from engineering students who can afford the fee.  despite of having dual degree courses with management as specialisation, MBA  (PG) courses specially for engineers in IITs, NITs, the reputation continues with IIMs.
1.PGDM, FELLOW can be granted equivalence with MBA, PhD.
2.NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENTs may be created for all graduates including medicine, pharmacy.
3.DIPLOMA in MANAGEMENT in Polytechnics needed.
2 0 The postgraduate degree should be named as MBA and the doctoral degree should be named as PhD. It will remove any confusion and attract bright students.
0 0 Such industry specific programs for startups would help in growing-
- Local business
- Improve opportunities of better livelihood
- Better for SC/ST/OBCs who are major small scale industry owners
- Better growth would lead expanded Direct/Indirect tax net
- Good for 'Make In India' program in long run
Because for startups, its tough to hire IIM talent who could devise business strategy for their growth.
0 0 IIM Bill as proposed keeping IIMs under govt control and under RTI is good move to foster transparency in higher studies.
One thing could be added that :-
Each IIM should conduct a program of 2-4 weeks per session for startup enterprises.
- Ask for application through open channel
- Select 50-100 whatever is good from different fields of business (startup organisation)
- Conduct industry specific program to understand challenges faced by new enterpreneurs and help them solve issue.
0 0 I dont know much more about the Bill but i just want to say that IIM is just remained a uncomleted dream for poor students.The course is too expensive that they cant take admission in IIMs though they have abilities.The government must look into this matter first while announcing IIM bill.
0 0 We should create IIM university under UGC, and then all said IIM collages at different cities  should come under this new management university as institutes if any new collage will be open in future within our country or in abroad will be affiliated with this new university. this university then can offer management courses as under graduate; post graduate and PhD programs in the field of management.
1 0 IN USA, the most of such institutes are under a recognized University providing a degree to the students. All IIM's should be under a Management University having Autonomous structure.It will help to have standard, common ,consistent programme across all IIM's. It will help mobility amongst all IIM's.
1 1 The best way of Promotion of Information and Communication Technology systems in school and adult education is to allot all the possible allocable opportunities of learning and promoting to the privileged reservation categories and corrupt, selfish persons, like chaiwalas who fulfill their dreams "around the world" at the cost of nation's money, shot slogans of good doing to the poor.
1 1 On 31-5-15 his speech Maan Ki baat Resp. PM Mr Narendra Modi has CONGRATULATED the successful students on BOARD EXAMINATION RESULTS, and CONSOLED the others stating TAKE FAILURE AS AN OPPORTUNITY, LAYS FOUNDATION FOR SUCCESS. But what about those DESERVING STUDENTS, WHO WERE LEFT BEHIND JUST FOR SAKE OF GREAT PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES, Resp. PM Mr NARENDRA MODI SIR what FOUNDATION should they consider.
Resp. PM Mr NARENDRA MODI SIR, do you have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA speech
0 0 This bill was long over due which was left by Ex Minister of HRD Hon`ble Sh.MM Joshi. The IIMs had been acting like a dictators, charging the students in the tunes of lakhs of rupees and forcing them to take loan in high rate and be indebted for years continuously paying the interests, like western universities, where as the standard of the IIMs were not up to the mark they charge for. Not a single IIMs figures in the worlds top 200 ranking of universities.
0 0 sir,
     i do think government should go ahead to pass this bill. reasons being,
1.Granting Degree status to Fellow Programme will allow them to show their talent to whole world.(Keeping in mind that few institutes across globe does not accept diploma holders).
2.If they are grants allocated to these institutes may be the fees of these institutes may come down.Thereby, making it easily accessible to backward communities.
3. Students who wish can pursue management career without any bias.
0 0 There are six more IIM proposed. Better to include these IIMs in the proposed bill with certain conditions.
1 1 .......NIMs may also commence programs with International Association. Governments (State & Central) will also get scopes to accommodate poor but meritorious students in NIMs easily. Even you may implement reservation programs in NIMs if needed. Please let the IIMs run autonomously. Provided IIMs autonomy unchanged, we will surely able to get listed in the Top 10 Management Institute of the world soon. Please consider. Would really appreciate if you could place your opinion in this regard.
0 0 I don't understand why all are behind IIMs. Opening up N numbers of IIMs across India will just help degrading the reputation of old and Prestigious IIMs. Rather why not the Government thinks of establishing new National level Management Institutes naming NIM(National Institute of Management). This will not only help more students go for high standard Management Studies as well as will open up scopes for introducing new Management Programs presently not available with IIMs & other top Institutes
0 0 Eligible students for IIM admission for IIM Bill 2015 should aim at students already involved  in community based participationin research programme on population health(health actvity and yoga),health literacy(Swachha Bharat Abhijan),occupational health(Shrama eba Jayate) related insurance coverage among workers for national growth,and publication on success,along with their own intelect
0 0 Great move. India is a diverse country with its own culture. Western models will not work for us. Please also start courses on 'how india works' so that such models could be created.
0 0 Welcome move to promote research and deserving status at IIMs
1 0 Any government employee's son/daughter ( of SC, ST, BC or any other category) should be considered as Open Category (OC) for getting admit in IIM or IIT....Lets the real poor student get the benefit of reservation.
0 0 Yes, we need to do well in this area. This is a welcome move especially keeping in mind the need to promote research in our country.#IIMBILL2015
0 0 Please establish the IIT's and IIM's in such places where even faculties in higher posts also comes to work there.
0 0 As per my opinion please choose Berhampur for IIM Odisha. Because there is no single central funded Institute. It is major city of south Odisha and a education hub but it is continuously neglected by Govt of Odisha
0 0 IIM should be established in such city where there is no single central funded Institute. Distribute all the central funded Institute equally among all major cities in the state.
0 0 when we are naming the new iim's we must name it by its location city name rather than state name as we had name the old iim's as per cities .
0 0 when we speak about management schools, as iim as the quota of seats for students are different as person to person the admission process should be on marks and rank basis and for the 2015 bill there should be rural management and family business management in iims .
one state , one iim is good idea but what about which states have already more than one iim
0 0 IIMs should tie up with corporates so as to train their employees or have a quota for their employees. This' something uncommon in India but very common abroad. this can go a long way in improving the skills of old employees whose ideas and methodologies have become outdated with time.
