268 12 I strongly request the govt.to safe guard net netrually in real safe and reject like Facebook and other organisations which indirectly want to control our net traffic while giving free for few months and later they will charge for any site we browse. I hope govt. don't fall this corporate what they say in begging. 
189 6 please let the net independent so every site and every category content on the internet is real (yes I just quoted the real definition of net neutrality not the fake one that our govt. and facebook are preaching) 
131 8 Its a shame that we are thinking of such a studip law. This will definitely be an hinder  in technology growth via startups in India. 
158 4 I strongly support net neutrality in the true sense with service providers having no say in guiding the end users or customers through zero rated applications. True Net neutrality gives me the freedom and means to do whatever I want. True Net Neutrality would empower the new start up entrepreneurs of Digital India in development of innovating applications and help in development of break-through technologies. TRAI should desist from temptation to control the freedom of internet space. 
87 35 I do not want the net neutrality. It's a bad idea of letting big corporations taking control over my privacy and giving them the right to charge on what I want to surf. Ali's the licensing of whatsapp and other video calling apps should not be put into the bill as its a breach of my privacy too. 
116 1 there should not be no separate charges for each app  .... my suggestions is to net law should be one which is beneficial for the people ,not burden on the people of india 
165 2 1. I as an Indian want my freedom for communication. 2. #NetNeutrality provides me with the ability to communicate what I want in the means I want it to be. 3. #DepartmentofTelecommunications should not be the authoring body of how my Internet usage is defined. 4. I want my usage of the Internet to follow the means in which I communicate not what the Service providers dictate. I support #NetNeutrality and better #TRAI do that too. 
79 2 i support internet freedom....there should not restrictions on the usage...i hope government takes the suggestions and implements the same... 
59 3 I don't want licence on websites & social networking apps like whatsapp. I want to access everything.. 
50 2 I support NetNeutrality, MNO's should not put limitations on the websites one can access freely. 
75 0 Net Neutrality is an approach to make the country connected where everybody can access the internet without restriction of  ISPs. By Net  Neutrality ISPs HAVE NO POWER TO RESTRICT THE TRAFFIC OF THE INTERNET AND ALSO THEY CAN'T DERIVE EXTRA BENEFIT FROM IT. So Net Neutrality is must for our country so everybody should support. Point here is everybody should aware about the Net Neutrality so that tomorrow each and every person will demand this. SUPPORT IT AND MAKE IT HAPPEN. 
40 0 1. Don`t allow  #DepartmentofTelecommunications and #NetworkOperators break #NetNeutrality 2. Don`t allow #evil corporation like #Facebook allow #InternetOrg as this effects Indian Entrepreneurial spirit. 
18 0 Net Neutrality should reach to rural areas for fast and accurate information about weather forecast and technology. Before that, we need to educate and develop our system, with out that nothing can be achieved. We are in below poverty zone. Focus on education system and plan for Net neutrality. We in metro cities thing we are safe! what about villages and development. Somes villages even does not have power. Please implement all the necessary needs and then plan to implement technology. 
24 2 Net neutrality is an internationally defined set of protocol.... India should try to accept it as it is....Lets try to set the right example by having freedom and transparency go hand in hand. Let there me no discrimination on the basis on caste, color, creed and NET ACCESS 
29 0 I dont want net Neutrality to be defined or controled in any way by any telecom companies. I want to be able to access everything on internet without paying more or any sight. I dont want the speed of any website controlled by telecom companies. I dont want telecom companies to control what we access on the internet and they cant charge us money for accesing anything I dont want to buy licencing for any application like whats app viber or any app. Internet should be equaly accesable to al 
18 1 The image of the government would have a major hit if the net neutrality as defined by the Telecom companies come as a rule. While Government is promoting Digital India, net neutrality if it comes in the current form where Telcos will decide which website or app would be free and which would be charged will be a major setback for the govt. The current generation wants internet to be free of such complexities and want access to everything on the Internet at the same rates. 
12 0 Internet bandwidth should remain neutral entity. Your allowance of such plans will phase in a new level of corruption and pay & gay relationship between isp and various business mafias. This allows established businesses grow and budding business &  startups suffer another setback. 
11 0 I vote for Net Neutrality 
4 0 Get the best from corporates for people. If it is free for some of the websites, then it can help to those who don't have access to internet. Make the corporate to provide free of service for the govt websites as well. This could reach even poor to access and know the details. 
10 0 Please allow all the content on the internet to be treated as equal. Certain website or companies should not be given privilege just because they have the resources to obtain them. In my view, only government has the potential to balance the scales in our society and internet is the one of the most important tool that the government can use to create a more balanced nation. SO PLEASE DO NOT ALLOW TELECOM COMPANIES AND INTERNET COMPANIES TO GOVERN THE INTERNET. 
3 0 govt should not interfair what we do with our data pack.its our privacy .i will definetly support net neutriality 
5 0 India is a free country and free land. I will always support net neutrality no matter what! 
4 0 I support Net Neutrality 
3 0 Why is it so difficult to understand that Net Neutrality is a must, internet is the ideal medium for enabling and protecting free speech. Internet service providers should provide us with open networks — and should not block or discriminate against any applications or content that ride over those networks. Just as my phone company shouldn't decide who I can call and what I can say during that call, my ISP shouldn't be concerned with the content I view or post online. #OpenInternet #NetNeutrality 
3 1 The DoT Report noted that a free and open Internet, available to all Indian citizens, is key to our country's future. Despite that, telcos are already violating net neutrality and endangering that future. The Govt should pass regulation immediately to protect net neutrality in India - the status quo of mere promises is not enough. The Govt must commit to protecting net neutrality in law in India. Don't take 5 years to decide this. Explanation regarding government proces 
2 0 My traversal of the web should not have to be limited by those who are part of the ecosystem. Why do they get to decide what I can access and what i cannot? This is against the very principle of the world wide web being accessible to all and being charged to be redirected to specific sites... Thats a big NO!!! #NetNeutrality #MyGOv 
2 1 i support net neutrality 
3 0 I support net neutrality 
1 0 I support net neutrality. Simple and short. Let me decide what I want to use,view, instead someone else deciding what should I view or use. Be it app,website,service. I have my own choice and preferences. Don't allow anyone else to decide my choices and preferences. 
1 0 I can not imagine an India as net_partial with a discriminatory telecom structure not letting me call my kin freely, surf net with discrimination. The Govt need to recall and emulate Dr. Ambedkar's ideas, the esteemed voice of freedom and non discrimination of free India. 
0 0 no discriminations please. lets enjoy the power of net 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality, where everyone should be able to access everything on the internet. 
1 0 Every person has a right to internet in the same way the one desires , no company should be allowed to discriminate. 
0 2 I appose net neutrality. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality i.e each site should be treated equally. 
1 0 We don't want Telecom companies to control our internet usage. We want to be able to access anything, without having to pay more for it separately. I support Net Nutrality 
2 1 In the name of neutrality, let us not stop access of net to 1 billion Indians. Many pay phone/ net data bills (simply by transferring data) higher than electricity bill (which is consuming energy, which costlier to produce). Let government ensure that data service is affordable to all. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality and want the govt. to take it as seriously as #DigitalIndia 
0 0 Net neutrality is important since commercial terms should not dictate what kind of knowledge I access to 
1 0 Free internet in the begining and forever 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality, there should be no throttling down of services. Everyone should have access to all what internet has to offer. This will help India to stay connected and then in true sense nation can be termed as "Digital India". 
0 0 Department of Telecommunications should work towards bringing BSNL's market share to >51% before considering any regularity. atleast as a citizen, I'll be more than happy for Government to Pocket rather than the corporates. 
0 0 There should be no discrimination. We want free internet. Its our right. Every one is favour of net being neutral. 
1 0 Discriminating between the data packet itself negates #NetNeutrality 's basic definition. We want the definition of #NetNeutrality to be something which the people (and the world) wants. . We are already paying EXORBITANT prices for 3G and 4G for the kind of speed and service we get  and discriminating between the data will result in intrusion of privacy and will help the telecom companies to analyse the function specific data (ex. audio/video call) and finally result in extortion scenario. 
0 0 net neutraklity should be maintained 
1 0 1)Government must act now. 2)Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination. 3)Don’t allow Zero Rating. 4)Don’t allow Zero Rating, not even on a case-by-case basis. 5)Scrap the proposal to license VoIP apps. 6)No licensing of VoIP. 
0 0 I, Aditya Bikram Chakraborty support net neutrality in the right sense... Every data packet travelling across IP networks MUST MUST MUST be treated equally !!! Lobbyists must NOT be allowed to regulate access to websites and web services in the name of WEB TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT ... Online voice calling services by OTT Services should be allowed ..and thought must be put in to think of ways to allow equal growth of Telephone Services (broadband) ,investment..innovative measures needed. 
0 0 everyone should support net-neutrality otherwise it means we insult the team ARPANET,because today's digital world existence is possible for their great contributions in the field of networking history. Remember: 1.Today the greatness of digital world existence is only due to the Presence of "NET-NEUTRALIY". 2.Please don't try to refuse the History Policies in networking environment, Try to use those and move ahead with greater innovations. 
0 0 Regardless of which website we access or what service we use over the internet, its all data. So it is baseless to charge for different 'varieties' of data. I support #NetNeutrality 
0 1 We wont support net neutrality.... 
1 0 I support #NetNeturality and I don't want trai to decide what site we should visit. 
0 0 Its good to see government asking our opinions and recommendations. I support net neutrality as i don't want to pay separately for the apps i use. Internet should be kept simple and everyone should access it without making it complex. 
0 0 All content should be equal on the internet. I shouldn't have to pay more or less for a particular data on the basis of it's content 
0 0 We want the true net neutrality, not the net neutrality defined by telecom companies. Everyone should be able to access everything on internet for the same data charges.#NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia 
0 0 A neutral and fair Internet has been a new world of knowledge for us. The network should remain impartial to all data. Allowing ISPs to preferentially allow some packets and not others is partiality and a direct infringement of #NetNeutrality. My sincerest request to #TRAI to stop this attempt for oligarchy on the cyber world. Thanks #MyGov for this opportunity to make our voice heard. If Internet is a service like our Transport Network, we should be free to visit any place. 
0 0 Everything on the internet should be equally accessible. Their should not any be discrimination for access right. Internet is the medium(road)to access websites and do not make the condition of internet just like condition of roads in India. If I want to access site A or B , both should be equally accessible with equal speed. I have a right to access everything on the internet equally. Hence I support net neutrality. 
1 0 we want net neutrality...which means access to everything from anywhere...without any discrimination of any kind. 
0 0 I "don't" want Net Nutrality or preferential treatment of websites , i just want the things the way they are , and let it be GOVT , you think of digital india , how can u achieve that by trading our rights  with Teleco's , sometime ago the price of 2 GB 2G was somewhere around 48 Rs now its more than 180 Rs , can you see the difference? there won't be any digital india , if you support those greedy teleco's who want to exploit the customers to core with their preferential treatment!! 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. Internet should be free from any kind of restrictions and people should be allowed to have their own choices and preferences. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality because it is our right to have full and open access to the internet. 
0 0 In the everchanging terrain of internet and tech ,Certain companies are trying to take advantage of non existant & fuzzy law and trying to take away fundamental and organic freedom which came into existance with the invention of world wide web. When the people who invented this didnot create such thing against neutrality it cant be and should be done at all. Its will deprive million of 5he right to choose who haven't yet tasted the internet freedom as well as basics of free market & competition 
2 0 Any form of locking is against the very essence of the spirit of the Internet. #MyGov, Please don't fall into the trap of those who want to control the Internet. Support #NetNeutrality 
3 0 Its good to see government asking our opinions and recommendations. I support net neutrality as i don't want to pay separately for the apps i use. Internet should be kept simple and everyone should access it without making it complex. 
1 0 Everyone should have equal right to access the internet and all the content should be easily accessible. No third party should be allowed to govern me to use the internet. 
0 0 I support net neutrality as its my right and there should be no restriction for using of any sites telecom industry should look on how to improve the internet and focus on to make internet easily available to all the people with nominal charges. 
1 0 1.I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.I want to be able to access everything without having to pay more for it separately. 3.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing anything. 4.I don't want licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible equally #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality, I believe that Internet is an open platform and wish it to remain open forever. Telecom companies should have no right to lay any kind of charges or discounts on the Internet for their commercial benefits. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. 
0 0 I strongly support #NetNeutrality!! 
0 0 I do not want the telecom companies to define net neutrality as the way they want it t be, i do not want whatsapp and viber to be charged for free calls on it , i support the actual net neutrality , i want to be able to browse and download content equally on every website out there. please do consider these comments. 
0 0 1.I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.I want to be able to access everything without having to pay more for it separately. 3.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing anything. 4.I don't want licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible equally #NetNeutrality, 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality strongly. 
1 0 Net Neutrality is very important for the development of Nation. The definition itself is being changed by some big players like Airtel and Facebook to suite their own purposes, in the name of accessible internet for poor and all, If a person is able to afford a device to access internet then he will be definitely able to pay for content on Internet, so there should not be any free content for any particular websites or Apps. Free content should be only for Govt websites like MyGov.in 
1 0 There is either true net neutrality or not. There is nothing in between. Telcos should not be allowed to control net neutrality as they will just make money off it. I do NOT want licensing for whatsapp or any other 3rd party apps. All content on the internet should be equal free for all to access. This will enable startups to prosper and the country will benefit. I WANT NET NEUTRALITY IN INDIA. 
0 0 I support Net neutrality. People should be allowed to access all sites without any special pay.. 
0 0 I support net neutrality... Now its been a necessity in our day to day life.... Its the Oxygen to all the modern days Learning System, Communication System, Work System, etc... etc... Now a days we can think our Life without Onion & Potato but can't think life without net... 
0 0 I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to con 
0 0 I support net neutrality we are already paying for the internet services to the provider and now we shall have to pay doubly for services which are through net like WhatsApp Skype etc This would be paying for the use service twice and we shall lose the facility of seeing what we want but will be dictated by the service provider as per his whs and fancy 
0 0 #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 1.I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.I want to be able to access everything without having to pay more for it separately. 3.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing anything. 4.I don't want licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 
0 1 We Indian Social not western, So its not all about what younger one says about neutrality. Every parent want to give good character to their child but due huge influence of western culture we can not lose our. So Govt. should define net neutrality on State basis because every state in India has different culture on some basis,as we can't allows things in UP or Bihar which we can allow in Metro cities due to their literacy rate. So,I Support my state govt. to make rules as my State's culture. 
0 0 Internet is the single greatest force shaping our times. Its original promise - open access - must be respected. On Zero-rating: This is strictly against basic principles of open access. On Licensing: It is justifiable that VoIP providers are asked to address security concerns. I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 It's very important that the penetration of internet goes much deeper and everybody can connect globally on this huge network. So we need to promote the digital connectivity for the masses rather than sticking into the proposed new regulations of Telecom companies. I want that Indian Government controls the functioning of Internet in India rather than private telecom operators. #NetNeutrality 
1 0 i will go with #NetNeutrality becuz as per me it is a right of every people don't want to judge by TRAI. 
0 0 I am for net neutrality in total. 
0 0 I strongly feel that all Internet users be treated equally, without discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication. Bandwidth throttling, data discrimination based on site or app utilised, is clearly against net neutrality. The internet needs to be viewed as a essential utility like water or electricity. All citizens must have fair access to it based on a transparent pricing and delivery mechanism. 
0 0 Internet should be free and it should not be charged for any service.As our economy is booming, smartphone market is on the highest growth and 3G services are easily available, so mobile comapnies are eying it as a great oppurtinity to cash it.Making internet services chargable or priortizing some by charging some amount will hamper IT market growth.There are many startups which have been working as service provider,so chances are operator will charge companies for service. LET INTERNET BE FREE. 
0 0 No licensing of apps. No zero rating. No throttling/slowing down of websites/services. Equal access to all sites, apps. This is a must for Digital India. 
0 0 i support #netnutriality 
0 0 I support net neutrality... Now its been a necessity in our day to day life.... Its the Oxygen to all the modern days Learning System, Communication System, Work System, etc... etc... Now a days we can think our Life without Onion & Potato but can't think life without net... 
0 0 Monopoly of telecom companies will not work,we are paying for using internet and we have the right to use it in the manner we want 
0 0 Giving a few sweets to a child and keeping others away works only with a child. ISPs should not be allowed to decide the bandwidth to be given to different services on the internet. I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support net neutrality wherein I am allowed to access everything and anything. I should not be instructed or forced by telecom operators to use any particular website. Net neutrality should be enforced in the same sense as it is and it should not be enforced in some modified way so as to support the telecom operators 
0 0 Tumchi aay ghala... Mala freedom pahije..... Nahi tar Lai hanin..... 
0 0 I say that I shouldnt need to pay extra for different sites or app. Its a common process that once you research a "term" on google, we also check for different sites on it , videos related to it, and if possible and required download apps for the same. This is very common for students studying and a common man trying to compete with this world. Thus I support net neutrality. And dont want licensing to be done for free calls through apps. 
0 0 I support NetNeutrality. it is very essential requirement . 
0 0 I support neutrality and it should be equal as earlier.#NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 The only reason behind so many opportunities / so many startup in india is because of free access to websites. This freedom should not be tampered with if we are seeing india as a developing nation. if this freedom is taken out of citizens hands, this is where india will stop developing. Free access to all sites over internet is my internet right. These laws are not implemented in THE USA and all other developed countries, why do we need to implement here? IF USA is what india looking upto!!! 
0 0 1.I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.I want to be able to access everything without having to pay more for it separately. 3.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing anything. 4.I don't want licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible equally #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, 
0 0 I do support Net neutrality. 
1 0 Hello TRAI, Please consider the fact, I am a startup employee, with my own APP in App store, which relies on internet communication to interact. Why should some other company (facebook  or some other) who can pay to Airtel/idea or any such ISP, should have advantage over me, just because they have money and can pay these ISPs. All the traffic  over the internet should be equal, and should be provided equally. 
0 0 1.I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2.I want to be able to access everything without having to pay more for it separately. 3.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing anything. 4.I don't want licensing for whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible equally. #NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov #DeptOfTeleCommunications 
0 0 Telecom companies should not be allowed to define Net Neutrality in their own terms. Internet should be neutral 
0 0 i support net neutrality# 
0 0 We want the true net neutrality, not the net neutrality defined by telecom companies. Everyone should be able to access everything on internet for the same data charges. 
0 0 NO NET NEUTRALITY 
0 0 1. ->I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.->I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3.->Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple. there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual.#MyGov 
0 0 net is an essential tool for every startups. so, net must be neutral for everyone so that he/she can reach out to everyone without any barrier. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 Giving a few sweets to a child and keeping others away works only with a child. ISPs should not be allowed to decide the bandwidth to be given to different services on the internet. I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 Once we have paid for the internet charges, we should be able to access what ever we want to view. All the apps which provide the calling facility all comes under the same internet charges which we pay for. No extra payment should be applicable. 
1 0 #NetNeutrality We can't have telecom companies deciding on the pricing of Internet. If pricing of sites are given to telecom owners they will charge from users as well as companies and will keep on benefiting themselves and making us suffer. Please we want complete Net Neutrality. 
1 0 I support internet neutrality. Where definition of net neutrality being "Net neutrality (also network neutrality, Internet neutrality, or net equality) is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally, not discriminating or charging deferentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication" #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia 
0 0 There are some decisions which have the potential to take the country 10 years back. This is certainly one of them. Charging, sorry over-charging for exchange of information and exchange of knowledge is not a respectable decision. Please withdraw this idea. Not a single person I know is against net neutrality. 
0 0 It is completely unjust as internet is a medium without which nobody can survive and its made for sharing and communication by each and every individual in an unrestricted manner.And also, it acts as a great media and business tool as almost anyone with a product can sell it due to the intenet as its freely accessible and due to apps such as fb,instagram,skype,whatsapp etc, the distacr between people has reduced and it has brought people closer. So in India,net neutrality is a must. #TRAI 
0 0 I support net neutrality as its my right and there should be no restriction for using of any sites telecom industry should look on how to improve the internet and focus on to make internet easily available to all the people with nominal charges 
0 0 I feel telecom department should not control what i access on internet and do not charge differently for different websites, this would discourage the new startups and small funded organizations. Internet access should be equal for all and data is data irrespective of whether it is VoIP or accessing a website. Everything should be treated equally... 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality . TRAI has not rights to rule us and decide what to watch for free and what to pay for. They have no rights to restrict us from surfing. What they want is money and what if someone cannot afford.#NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications,#TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov WE WANT NET NEUTRALITY... 
0 0 I can't understood why telecom companies wants remote control in their hand? What we are accessing and what not, they should not have rights for it. i Support net Neutrality 
0 0 I AM IN FAVOUR OF FREE AND INDEPENDENT INTERNET AND SHOULDNOT BE CONTROLLED AS PER CONVINIENCE OF TELECOM COMPANIES. I SUPPORT NET NEUTRALITY 
0 0 Internet is a place of discovering and exploring new possibilities.I mean I can sit here and get a music lesson from Australia or buy vegges online.The fact that we'll have to pay just to access content or use the services and the restrictions on what we access by the telecom companies is just saddening,as a matter of fact it'll be a form of inequality and also in a way hamper with the idea of freedom.I totally support #NetNeutrality the true definition of it not the telecom friendly definition. 
0 0 make our internet speed more faster. modify more our internet 
0 0 I support Net Nutrality I don't want any change in the internet services being received currently. I am not in favour of the Corporates filling their pockets by resticting my freedom to use the internet. 
0 0 We should go for full Net Neutrality. 
1 0 i want net neutrality 
1 0 It is the DoT who should decide what is legal and what illegal.There is a fear that, there is a chance for TSP/ISP to restrict traffic based on this condition.They should not have no right to decide what is legal and illegal.Govt./DoT ensure Net Neutarlity.Internet is a basic need for all now a days.If DoT/Govt. do not ensure Net Neutarlity, there will b severe consequences created in Nation like Rich people pays more money to access critical websites where poor man fails to pay and is deprived. 
1 0 I support Net Neautrality..... Now Internet revolution started perculating down to rural India, if Net neutrality is not there then it will all go in waste. Moreover we are already paying for data; after this there should not be any preferential way of accessing Internet. 
0 0 I support net neutrality... 
0 0 No licensing of apps. No zero rating. No throttling/slowing down of websites/services. Equal access to all sites, apps. This is a must for Digital India. 
0 0 For the benefit of the public, net should be made available to all without any restrictions, ban or restrictive policies.  It should be opened to all at the competitive rate which is sustainable to the service provider and equally affordable to the customers. We request you to open up the reserved area by TELECOM which itself will give a competitive edge in reduction of cost to the customers. 
0 0 Internet had provided us an iota of hope that our banana democracy will now turn into a vibrant democracy. However, the hope seems to be fading. Sell the Internet to telecom Companies, with the help of dubious telecom regulators. After the Internet is sold, please also put India on sale. 
0 0 i don't want telecom department to control what i access on  internet and do not charge differently for different websites . i support Net-neutrality 
0 0 please dont make any decision which makes us far from internet. the world wide web means anyone can access anything from anywhere in this world. if you binds its like pakistan and china where everything is ban then its danger to democracy and danger to our fundamental right. so i support for net neutrality 
0 0 i support net neutrality. I dont want telecom companies to exploit our usage, hobbies and habits for their benefits. 
0 0 Complete net neutrality is really important.Specially for people aspiring to open start ups and all the Indians who want to be connected. Internet has become a necessity these days and if it is now restricted or controlled, it will be bad for development of country. user alone should have the power to select which site to open or which app to use. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple...there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual. 
0 0 I SUPPORT NET NEUTRALITY ...... And the government too should !! 
0 0 I support #netneutrality! The basic premise of net neutrality is that #TRAI should not allot ISPs the power to control access to any kind of data on the internet. If net neutrality is not implemented, in essence, it would mean that ISPs can both give preferential treatment or discriminate against certain websites or internet based services & apps at their whim thereby directly influencing what information we as a consumer have direct access to. This is NOT ACCEPTABLE. The net should be neutral! 
0 0 1.I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple...there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality 
0 0 #FreeTheInternet We want to be able to access anything, anytime & no telecom company should have even the slightest right to control what we do on the internet. 
0 0 I support complete net-neutrality. Except illegal content, all the packets must be considered as same. If charges vary based on packets, the companies may manipulate the bandwidth in favor of costly OTT services and create bottlenecks to other data. They can further monitor customers' traffic and manipulate data rates or sell the data to advertisers to generate more income. This can create privacy concerns of customers. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Net neutrality must be allowed and in India and every operator in India should respect it. No additional charges must be charged above data charges. This not only violates freedom of internet but also violets freedom of speech. Every site and app on internet must always have equal bandwidth. 
0 0 Differential charging will be discriminatory and will hurt the online industry very much.Innovation will stall, Cartel created. The telecom company should not be the dictator of my internet use. Voip charges are completely illogical as we are already paying the telecom companies the charges to use the net, don;t burden the customers anymore. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. All the websites must be treated equally and should be accessible with equally. 
0 0 Net neutrality should be there. Net Neutrality is like a basic fundamental right of every telecom user which should never be compromised with. 
0 0 my vote for net neutrality Telecom companies should focus on giving better network 
0 0 Telecom companies should not be allowed to define Net Neutrality in their own terms. Internet should be neutral. 
0 0 We don't need to controlled anyway... please keep everything like now like before.. don't change anything. Just give of all the debates and all... जीने दो हमें जैसे हैं हम.... We need the real net neutrality not defined by telecom operators. Whatsup viber flipkart timesofindia or facebook doesn't make a difference to us. All should be available with same priority till I pay my internet bill. 
1 0 I support net neutrality. Its the people who decides what they want to access on internet not the government. 
1 0 .I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple...there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual. 
0 0 I and we all Indians need a freedom to access anything at anytime. No more restriction ..Only freedom.. Come on we are a part of proud and cultural republic country.. #MyGov #NetNeautrality 
0 0 1.I don't want the telecom companies to decide the future of Indian communication system. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites 3. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I Support Net neutrality 
0 0 1.I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple...there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual. 
0 0 we want net neutrality. telcos can't decide my choice 
0 0 I support net neutrality. 
0 0 I want complete net neutrality. 
1 0 I Support Net neutrality 
0 0 Net neutrality should be there. Net Neutrality is like a basic fundamental right of  every telecom user which should never be compromised with. 
0 0 I support Net neutrality. Telecom companies specially Airtel cant rule us. As we know that Internet is a backbone of Young India(Digital India). Government programmes, awareness and policies should reach to every indian, for this we need internet which should not be controlled by telecom companies. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber, skype, etc for free vop services #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 I support complete net-neutrality. Except illegal content, all the packets must be considered as same. If charges vary based on packets, the companies may manipulate the bandwidth in favor of costly OTT services and create bottlenecks to other data. They can further monitor customers' traffic and manipulate data rates or sell the data to advertisers to generate more income. This can create privacy concerns of customers. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I want and fully support net nutrality. If we pay bills for internet charges then in my view, all websites ought to be treated equally. This is like that; we pay bills for electricity not for different-different electrical appliances like fridge, A.C, Television and so on. So, refusing net neutrality means; one day will come when we pay extra bills for water, A.C, refrigerator, Heater, and other appliances. So, we should strictly support net nutrality for present, and future. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I  Support Net neutrality, count me in 
0 0 I support net neutrality.... dont charge anything for net we dont want licence fee will be charge from whatsapp viber or etc for calling ......we want everthing in net neutrailty and not some items. 
0 0 I support NetNeutrality. I don't want anybody defining biases for accessing web just for Marketing reasons. Net is open to all and there shouldn't be any segregation on what is free and what is to be paid. Internet access is free and should be free.I'm only should be responsible for paying the data which i'm using but not for the sites i'm using which may need to pure marketing 
2 0 1.I don't want the telecom companies to decide the future of Indian communication system. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service #NetNeutrality #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI 
0 0 Net neutrality should NOT be defined by telecos. The entire digital India campaign will be a huge failure if the government sides with the telecos. Please let the internet remain free. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies as per their convenience. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. Why we are going backward with such decisions? It is quite simple...there is internet and it should be available totally to an individual. 
0 0 I don't want the telecom companies to decide what's net neutrality. I don't want them to decide what websites are free and what are paid for. All the content should be readily available to all the citizens without any surcharge. I don't want the power to be in the hands of private telecom operators and them decieding for us. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI 
1 0 I support net neutrality as its my right to freedom.... Jai Bharat 
0 0 Its obvious that no one wants to pay separately for each services on internet. I strongly support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 1.I don't want the telecom companies to decide the future of Indian communication system. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service #NetNeutrality #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI 
0 0 We the Indians, citizens of Republic of India, residing in the recognized territories of India want the applicability of Net Neutrality (#NetNeutrality)in our coutry. We want NET NEUTRALITY be APPLICABLE in our country. #TRAI #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia #DepartmentofTelecommunications and #MyGov are thusly requested to protect our Common Interest and rights. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. I want content of all website accessible to every citizen of India 
0 0 Net neutrality should be their. Net Neutrality is like a basic fundamental rigth of telecom users. 
0 0 I want net neutrality, and plz do not do any thing with internet,plzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplz 
0 0 My Support Net Neutrality. I dont like Telecom to control internet, everyone should have freedom to do innovative things 
0 0 we support real net neutrality, not the one defined by telcos. We dont want them to control our internet. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. I WANT to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen. 
0 0 Highly support for #NetNeutrality The telcos want to cash their pockets on anyway and every way they can, disregard of the service. It is like you want to hike the call charges for mobile phones because land line is not used much. Does this make sense? Also due to so much of drop calls, ppl are using whatsapp call. Once the call service is better and much more reliable ppl automatically will not use much of whatsapp/skype for calls.Data packs are already super expensive. 
0 0 My definition of net neutrality is access to internet without any discrimination based on content / data type to the condition the content does not violate the country law. So no to different price points/charges/add ons/incentives/partiality/any sort of discriminations for different content by ISPs or any telecom operator what so ever be the way of providing the internet i.e. 2G, 3G, 4G or broadband. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each sit Please don't define the rules of something if you don't even know its meaning! 
0 0 I want full Net neutrality with unrestricted access to all sites. There should not be any charges or preconditions for accessing sites. All apps like Whatsapp, Viber etc should be free with no levy of license fee. 
0 0 I support.............. 
1 0 We need the real net neutrality not defined by telecom operators. Whtsup viber flipkart timesofindia or facebook dosent make a difference to us. All should be available with same priority till I pay my internet bill. 
0 0 I guess user should be the one to decide what he/she wants not the provider. Same goes with neutrality. We want equal cost for all website no discrimination. And this doesn't mean hiking the prices. But keeping them same. Also we don't want any charges for whatsapp viber and any such app usage. #netnutrality #wecommand 
0 0 I support..... 
0 0 Telecom operators should not have a say in what is served via Digital media. Let's keep digital media free of biases. Telecos are already earning there share via data plans. 
4 0 The internet providers in India MUST NOT differentiate between content. Everyone MUST be allowed equal access to all content on the internet irrespective of provider. Censorship is a personal choice it MUST NOT be enforced. Every bit of data served by ANY SERVER ANYWHERE on the internet MUST BE GIVEN EQUAL BANDWIDTH WITHOUT ANY FORM OF PREFERENCE. IP Networks must be charged ONLY FOR Data. Nothing above DATA should be charged separately. 
0 0 we are empowered and discharge open thoughts because we live in an open democratic nation. internet is most vital and fast source in present time to learn, communicate, express and gather information. I pay a certain amount monthly so that I can use it the way I want. I must say that basic sanctity of net neutrality must not be disturbed anyway by the govt. its the basic right of every individual. its upto govt how it deals with data providers.. thanks.. 
1 0 I control my internet and not some handful of people with deep pockets. I wish to access everything on the internet in a uniform way. I do not support licensing of domestic VOIP calls.The internet stays as it is. #NetNeutrality, #MyGov 
0 0 Net Neutrality is a basic right like freedom of speech. It should be strongly adhered to if we want to take development to the next level. We cannot let a basic right go due to fill the pockets of few telecom companies.If we want Digital India to become a reality, then we must have Net Neutrality.To let it go would mean stopping many ventures, many startups and ultimately would effect the growth of the country socially and economically. 
0 0 I support net neutrality, Internet should be open to all with no restrictions. 
0 0 There should not be any restrictions on internet. It is a source of learning. 
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use 
0 0 I want true form of #NetNeutrality not what is defined by telco companies, everything on internet should be accessible without any extra fees 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 Telecom companies should not Meddle into the Internet Website/Mobile Apps(General/VOIP) Licensing  and make separate policy for Apps 
0 0 We want free internt... 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov 
0 0 we support real net neutrality, not the one defined by telcos. 
1 0 The internet providers in India MUST NOT differentiate between content. Everyone MUST be allowed equal access to all content on the internet irrespective of provider. Censorship is a personal choice it MUST NOT be enforced. Every bit of data served by ANY SERVER ANYWHERE on the internet MUST BE GIVEN EQUAL BANDWIDTH WITHOUT ANY FORM OF PREFERENCE. IP Networks must be charged ONLY FOR Data. Nothing above DATA should be charged separately. 
1 0 How can be India transform digitally if Net is restricted? If this is brought then, there will be only flavored communication with net. I don't want the telecom companies to decide the future of Indian communication system. I support for the cause that all data available on internet should be accessible to everyone  and no company should manipulate it for their gains. Request the Government to concentrate on development plans for the country, than to remove the rights we already have. 
1 0 I SUPPORT 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality . 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia #TRAI #MyGov 
1 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use 
2 0 I dont want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies plus I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately and also I dont want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 
1 0 Why fix, when ain't broken, I Support net neutrality 
1 1 I don't support Net Neutrality. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 We don't want to pay extra amount for specific apps and browsing sites. We all want one in all package.Come on India don't get so hard for every person here . And yes net neutrality means freely accessible for every sites and for every apps. We are not going to support those different amounts for different apps and other stuff.. And yes1.I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet 
0 0 I support net neutrality, Internet should be open to all with no restrictions. 
0 0 I feel there has to be 2 versions of the internet running side by side: 1. For Students 2. For Adults(18+ full access no site blocked) A person can take a student internet connection or an 18+ internet connection. Everyone is happy. 
0 0 Well I plan to use the Internet anytime I want and anyway I want. I dont want free access from my telecom supplier so that they can charge more for other services. Internet was free and should  be free. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I wana full Net Neutrality without any hidden para. Thats all. 
0 0 I support net neutrality, Internet should be open to all with no restrictions. 
0 0 Internet is my birthright and I shall have it. It is unfair that we, responsible citizens of this country have to fight, petition, struggle and revolt against our government for internet, when simultaneously, plans are being made to increase its reach to the remotest corners of our country. Why offer internet when its services will not be accessible? Please, don't succumb to greed. I love my government, I love my India, I love my freedom. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We want to able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it seprately. We don't want licensing of whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. #NetNeutrality#SaveTheInternet 
0 0 I want net neutrality throughout INDIA. 
0 0 We dont want telecom company to control internet, internet should be equal to each and every human being and should be allowed to learn and do innovative things. @We support Real Net Neutrality 
0 0 we want net neutrality on real terms not the term suggested by the DOT.We want to access every site at the same rate .#netneutrality 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov 
1 0 We want TRUE Net Neutrality not PESUDO Net Neutrality.Indians Highly Support Net Neutrality. It is very essential for the growth of Information Technology Industries in India especially for small industries. We Indians are very good in technologies and today world's top technology companies has most of the Indians as their top executives but all of them are in foreign . We could have that opportunity here also if our Government support us . It is democracy and you must follow people's mandate 
0 0 My Support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 Please don't change definition of net neutrality. 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
1 0 #NetNeutrality #TRAI I support 'TRUE' Net neutrality..Differential rating is not the right way to go. Don't nip the budding entrepreneurs in the bud..let them shine. Why charge for parts of things for which we already paid for.. 
0 0 i completely support NET NETRULITY net is like a open sea of learning and there should be no charges for itd use .why we have to pay telecomm providers for what we are visting  i totally  abolish zero plan from these telecos.so i request my gov to not to put any kind of restriction on net .# isupport complete net NETRULITY its are right. 
1 0 I support net Neutrality. I should be freely able to access all the apps and sites available despite of whatever the Telecom Operator services I am using.Compromising with Net Neutrality would mean mean putting restrictions on our freedom of choice that we have on Internet.Also discriminate charging by telecom operators can deny us to access the large resources of information available on internet. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov It is such a stupid idea to pay for everything we use on net. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
2 0 I strongly support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 we want real net neutrality not the which defined by telecom companies, we dont want the special charges for individual web sites, all should like what they are now,we dont need licenses for  whatsapp viber etc etc, we want to access anything from anytime without additional payment. 
0 0 I need all my rights to for use internet for which I am paying my hard money. #NetNeutrality is the option where we feel our freedom in free nation. Why any one can control on me after paying money what and how I can use? It is just like if we pay money to Baniya and then depends on him what and how he will give me. 
1 0 I think government is not getting the true meaning of Net Neutrality which is access to anything and everything available in public domain over internet. My two cents over #NetNeutrality: a) I want to access anything in the public domain on the internet without any restrictions and I do not want telecos deciding my access b) I do not want to pay to telecos for VOIP services like whatsapp, viber or skype . Net Neutrality is my right, plz do not take it from me. 
1 0 . I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. Dont let the telecom companies hijack the internet for their personal gai. Jai Hind 
0 0 Net neutrality is very good to reflect pubic opinion in a democratic country like India at the same time it should be curtailed using for propaganda of  false ones and also punishing the one who brings light of erring elected members, Government Servants or even any citizens. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 Internet is and should be as available commodity just like basic air, food, water and accommodation. Internet as an access should not be restricted to any particular group of sites or any one should have any authority to limit the access on whatsoever site/service. I support Net-Neutrality as it stands neutral to any sort of psychological understanding either YES or NO to any question. Tomorrow, everyone should have access to same set of resources on Internet. 
1 0 we want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. Please don't chare differently for different websites if you want a digital India or a start-up India to realy work. We want to access all of the internet, for all of the people, all of the time. We want to access everything and not just some select parts of the internet. We do not want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use.  #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications 
0 0 I support NetNeutrality. Corporates have captured so much of freedom already, atleast let the common man have the right to access internet without restrictions. Everyone should have freedom to see/use the internet as per their own interests and content on the Internet should be accessible to one and all in unbiased manner. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us no where. 
0 0 Strongly DISAGREE with #netNeutrality,Earlier we were paid around 100 rs for the cable tv which used to show most of the channels then you made digitalize the cable (we hvn’t asked govt to digitalize the cable), now all the corporate companies opened the DTH and making people to pay minimum 500 + rs to see all the channels. Before 1947 British country have robbed our country now this kind of #netNeutrality decision allowing corporate companies to rob the common man money. 
0 0 I support #Net neutrality. 
0 1 I don't want the definition of net neutrality to be that of what the provider says it is. The user's definition and thus the standard viewpoint is that the user should be able to access anything and everything on the internet at the same cost as anything else. Please do not approve this proposal, which will be detrimental for Digital India. 
0 0 Internet must remain neutral! Giving the TELCOs authority to regulate the access of the end user to the content will most probably create the monopoly by the now rich content provider (e.g Facebook) which can afford to pay to TELCOs for the special treatment on the network. This in result will kill current competition and also will destroy the chances of rising and newly founded services. This whole phenomenon is undemocratic. So please let the net be neutral and good. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality, I believe that Internet is an open platform and wish it to remain open forever. Telecom companies should have no right to lay any kind of charges or discounts on the Internet for their commercial benefits. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov 
0 0 i support Net Neutrality. We want to access everything on the net. 
0 0 I strongly support Net Neutrality. Please don't support Telecom Companies proposals, they are looking at their side to cash their pockets. If we want to make our Digital India, please don't approve such proposals from Telecoms. Regards, Ashish 
0 0 I support net neutrality, Internet should be open to all with no restrictions and no partiality. 
0 0 PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE DEFINITION OF NET NEUTRALITY !!! Handing over Internet to TRAI isn't known as Net neutrality. Already government imposes loads of taxes and charges on people, I don't want Internet in their court too. We already do pay for Internet and we don't want them to charge us differently for different websites/apps. If TRAI imposes this, it would be the loss of democracy in India. This if imposed, it would be a step against 'Make in India'. #NetNeutrality,#SaveTheInternet 
0 0 We want the internet to be a place where anybody can access any or everything at any given point of time, we don't want the telecommunication companies to define what is net neutrality  for us. every site should be free of charge and there should be no discrimination between them. 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality....... Please don't make us slaves again,200 yrs of slavery was more then enough for us. 
0 0 While supporting the broad principles of Net Neutrality, the following considerations must be kept in mind: 1) There should be a rebalancing carried out by operators in scaling up data tariff & bringing down voice tariff 2) We would like to emphasize the violations by Skype offering free calling to landlines & mobiles in US which is a licensed activity. OTT services competing with licensed services must be subjected to similar regulation including on the security compliance front as well. 
0 0 We don't want telcos to control our internet. Internet is a place to encourage innovation. These telcos wanna stop that. 
0 0 Internet was not founded by Telecos...Net should be free and without any control...Telecos cant dictate pay this much then only you'll be able to log on to this particular site...Its holding people at RANSOM...its BIZARRE that even after getting freedom We the people have no right what to choose and what to not...Its foolish on part of Govt. to even allow Telecos to dictate their terms n conditions. FREE NET FROM TELECOS 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov 
0 0 We don't want any telecom company's licensing whatsapp or any such app. We don't want the government to charge money in order for end users like us to access the internet. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 In my opinion net neutrality is very important for the development of our country. Because according to the vision of our respected prime minister, india can be develop as a digital country n this can be happened only when each n every citizen of india will be able to use internet or digital devices. 
0 0 We want the REAL COMPLETE NET Neutrality and not the one defined by the telecom companies..... 
0 0 Let's be very clear on this,Net is what it is today coz it is free.Take away the very essence of this revolutionary entity with which we are blessed with and we'll be spelling our own doom. Letting a bunch of private parties to chalk out the policies,you are just playing into the hands of Lex Luthor (NO PUN). The net guidelines are like Mjolnir,only the worthy shall have the right to alter it.Unfortunately we do not have Thor at present ,So I request Odin(Government) to take a fair call. 
0 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us no where. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov 
0 0 I strongly support Net Neutrality. Please don't support Telecom Companies proposals, they are looking at their side to cash their pockets. If we want to make our Digital India, please don't approve such proposals from Telecoms. Regards, Kiran 
0 0 I support net #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality... Telecom companies have already hiked the rates of Data charges... They have no right to interfere in what i can see or what i can do using internet... And #DepartmentOfTelecommunications,#TRAI & #MyGov please urge the telecom companies to reduce the rates of Data Packs... 
0 0 Please do not let any company do "business with the Internet". It's an open platform and let  it remain open. Otherwise #DigitalIndia campaign will fail. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality #MyGov 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. 
0 0 We should have right to access everything and anything on the internet for free without any special charges this is the true meaning of net neutrality and our right. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. always #NetNeutrality 
2 0 Why should I pay more. I want to access any website at the same price 
0 0 The greatest thing about the internet is that it creates a level playing field. I have access to the same stuff that a person can access from any other part of the world . It does not discriminate. The telecom companies and facebook are trying to change that. Moreover,the licensing stuff is a thing of past . We don't want domestic VOIP calls to be chargeable. Lastly,the attempt being made to change the definition of net neutrality is pathetic. 
3 0 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunication 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. 
0 0 No one owns the internet so internet should be free for everyone and I don't want any telecom company's to control what we access on the internet! 
0 0 i donot suppor #NetNeutrality >>! 
0 0 i support Net Neutrality. 
0 0 I support net #NetNeutrality 
0 0 1. We don’t want to pay any additional charge while paying any amount to govt. online 2. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos to controlling the Internet. 3. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality. Let us decide what we want to access not by telcos. 4. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber, skype, etc for free voip. 
1 0 I support Net neutrality. I want free internet everywhere and free access to any website without any additional pay apart from our internet bills. INTERNET WAS FREE AND SHOULD BE FREE FOR EVER. 
0 0 #NetNeutrality Everyone must have access to everything. Already we are paying for internet, why the hell they have to charge for whatsapp, Skype... I support net neutrality 
0 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be accessed freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us nowhere. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality and I'm against any Zero rating plans by telcos or TRAI proposal to regulate OTT services. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality ! 
0 0 I strongly support an OPEN INTERNET, why should i pay more based on the website or the App that I am using. it look like, the meaning is completely molded by the telecom companies. There should be no additional licencing service for the app we are using. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality: because Your Dream country Project Digital INDIA. 
0 0 dont want telecos to control what I can access through the internet.I support #NetNeutrality, I should be able to access anything available on the internet without any restriction, and telecom companies should not have any rights to block any content. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
1 0 All citizens of the country have to have the previlage of uninterrupted internet services... I support Net Neutrality... #NetNeutrality 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality, I should be able to access anything available on the internet without any restriction, and telecom companies should not have any rights to block any content. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
2 0 I dont want telecos to control what I can access through the internet. I want to be able to access internet like it was meant to be, without having to pay extra charges. Telecos cannot twist the definition of Net Neutrality in favor how they provide us with internet. 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality. 
1 0 I support #netneutrality ! 
1 0 Internet is the right of people and it should be made as fundamental right Charging some sites or apps can't be acceptable. Today internet is the daily life of people and barring that surely effect the country's economy also. So I support the net neutrality. 
1 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us no where. 
1 0 Since internet is platform where everybody is equal so it should be at low cost 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian 
1 0 I strongly disagree with this.we should not support this net neutrality. This a source of income to the telecom companies. We should have freedom to surf all the sites. 
0 0 i want to access everything on internet on the same price 
0 0 I fully support net neutrality. Information availability should be treated as the fundamental right for any Indian Citizen. Telcos should not be permitted to make money in the name of providing selective access to sites. Let telcos work towards improving the service standards,instead of focusing only on making money. 
0 0 I support net neutrality and internet freedom and please don't take internet away from use, just now we started using internet and now telecom people want to take it back. 
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use 
0 0 Ours is a country that is budding with new entrepreneurs taking their first steps int eh big world of business. Many of these entrepreneurs have started online ventures. Absence of net neutrality will smother such innovations. It is our job to support them in their growth because their growth will contribute to India's growth. Net Neutrality is needed without a doubt. 
0 0 I want access to any content available on internet without any discrimination. I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunication 
0 0 No..internet was is and shall remain neutral. A person must be charged for what he uses. No favours to certain websites. It's like at a tollway you allow heavy trucks to go past without paying..and smaller vehicles are only charged. Pay as much as you use. 
0 0 I want access to any content available on internet without any discrimination. I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Internet has become an another source of Information nowadays after Newspaper and Television.From a school going kid to a retired officer everyone needs INTERNET nowadays.INTERNET means a SOURCE OF INFORMATION.INDIA is progressing because of INTERNET and INDIA can achieve many more things because of INTERNET.Everyone has a right to make fruitful use of it... 
0 0 I support net neutrality in its original sense that gives me free access to each website available. I don't want licensing for whatsapp or viber or any other app. I don't want telecom companies to charge us for accessing internet. 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
1 0 I support net neutrality, their must be freedom to access internet from every corner of India, students may depend upon internet for education, professionals for current scenarios and updates even business can develop a lot by this 
0 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. Access to any site that allows us to connect to the world, that gives us knowledge and keeps us updated about day to day events should be free. 
1 0 We really shouldn't have to fight for #NetNeutrality That is our right. It was never a problem, why make it now? Licensing for apps and extra charges for websites that is not what india wants. Telecom is a service and they should be catering to the needs of people using it not the other way around, We don't want #DepartmentofTelecommunications to dictate how, when or why we use internet. 
0 0 I support net neutrality !! 
1 0 Please support Net Neutrality. For a Nation of 1.25 billion people we should not restrict our self to a Skewed Internet. Let us set an example for Ultimate Freedom. Jai Hind. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. " Net Neutrality means any one can access anything they wish for without any further charge on any site. " If gov wants more definition then pls read below : " the principle that Internet service providers should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source, and without favouring or blocking particular products or websites " 
1 0 It is like snatching away our freedom of choice...And I use to believe that we are a " free"nation !!! #hypocrisy #pity 
1 0 I support net #NetNeutrality 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. 
0 0 net neutrality must be given by operator 
0 0 I support net nutrality. Dobt try to stole our privillagesa 
0 0 Equal Internet access should be treated as a basic right of every citizen of India.India is already behind in terms of internet speed compared to other countries. Government should focus in increasing connectivity to villages and increasing average speed across the country. We already pay by the amount of data we consume.What an individual does with that data is their prerogative.Zero rating plans should not be encouraged & should be stopped.It kills the competitiveness offered by open internet. 
0 0 I totally support the #NetNeutrality, internet is only place where anybody can feel free to present their view on any topic and its a smart + very fast way to take any decision if this thing is biased by some telecom operator just for their greed and money making purpose then it'll be not good for the next generation who are totally dependent or always connected to the internet for may resources. so please #TRAI dont do this, it is against the society and favor of the some money lover company! 
0 0 Internet should be free in our country and I don't want to pay more based on the website or the App that I am using. If #MyGov supports ISP providers that is going to make our Dynamic young generation to go down by stopping the freedom of speech... I support #NetNeutrality and I request #TRAI not to support these ISP providers. 
0 0 I support Internet that enables everyone to access any website without any additional charge. Complete #NetNeutrality. 
1 0 PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE DEFINITION OF NET NEUTRALITY !!! 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 5. Zero rating is violation of neutrality 
0 0 I support net #NetNeutrality 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. 
0 0 The definition for Net Neutrality is being completely molded by the telecom companies, we want free access and complete access to all the content available on the internet and no discrimination should be done to any content available on the internet.#NetNeutrality_in_Real 
0 0 "Divide and rule" is the strategy adopted by telcos and internet.org. It may seem innocent and driven by empathy for the poorest people of our country, but, beneath this fallacy, is a strategy of dividing the internet, so as to subdue rising competitors and gain a major user stake on the population of our growing country. Our country needs more local competitors that could better serve our needs. Please don't cave in to such lies and maintain a neutral net. PS: USA supports net neutrality. 
0 0 Internet should be free in our country and I don't want to pay more based on the website or the App that I am using. If #MyGov supports ISP providers that is going to make our Dynamic young generation to go down by stopping the freedom of speech... I support #NetNeutrality and I request #TRAI not to support these ISP providers. 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality: 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. 
0 0 Net Neutrality Needed..!! everyone should be able to access all the stuff that is in the internet,I personally want we get value for the money we pay...there should be no licensing for services on the internet..WE should be able to utilise every service that is there in the internet,we cannot pay for some apps and services restricting some other of those...We cannot go back to License RAJ again..NET NEUTRALITY MEANS ALL THE SERVICES IN THE NET ACCESSIBLE TO ALL AND NOT JUST ACCESSIBLE.. 
0 0 I support net #NetNeutrality 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. 
0 0 I believe we should have right to access the internet freely just as our right to speech. Others shouldn't get to decide which sites should be accessed more frequently. It depends on our interests and requirements. Hence, telecom companies should not exploit this avenue to make more profits... I am totally in support of Net Neutrality! Other parties who are being a partner in controlling the internet usage should be brought to light... it is something same as corruption in my view 
0 0 i support #NetNeutrality . #TRAI should not allow big companies to dominate market. smaller companies should be given a level playing field to grow. 
1 0 The definition for Net Neutrality is being completely molded by the telecom companies, we want free access and complete access to all the content available on the internet and no discrimination should be done to any content available on the internet.#NetNeutrality_in_Real _Terms. 
1 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us nowhere 
0 0 I support net neutrality if net neutrality means all the websites are treated as equal and not just some specific group of sites to which we'll have free access.#NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support net neutrality and internet freedom. TELCOS should not be permitted to set rates for using individual applications and websites. It is free will of consumers, as it exists now. I Oppose any move of new government to permit TELCOS work against the nature of the internet. 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality: 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support true net neutrality not the one defined by telecom companies. Please allow India to develop, its youth to have access free access to all the content. We need to develop this country. 
0 0 I support net neutrality !! I am surprised we are even debating it !! o point in paying extra for a particular web service !! Totally absurd !! Must get this done and dusted with once and for all !! Not so #AcheDin for telecos' I believe !! 
0 0 I support Internet that enables everyone to access any website without Government, ISP or other agencies putting in official or commercial restrictions designed to favour one or the other websites. 
0 0 we need NetNeutrality in India. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 I wholeheartedly support #NetNeutrality. The paymaster or the customer must decide on what he wants to view, I request the Government of India or the #TRAI to control their tariffs as well. 
0 0 I support complete net neutrality and  No special treatment for any sites,persons whatsoever 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality: 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. 
0 0 Already there are so many bans in the country. Telecoms, at least please the internet alone and let it be the way it is. Don't complain later if 'Make in India' isn't working. 
0 0 PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE DEFINITION OF NET NEUTRALITY !!! 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 5. Zero rating is a violation of neutralit 
0 0 I want to access the internet without any restrictions on the content. It should be left to me to decide on what I want to consume rather than my telecom operator deciding on what I should consume. I support Net Neutrality without any restrictions on the content imposed upon by my operator. #NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov #DOT 
0 0 i am also in support of this programme 
0 0 Government have to understand that interner is also a basic need in this modernized world mobile company's planned and understand that correctly by this and they utilized this idea for their profit . As a middle class family man I cont able to use this facilty even for my educational purpose .....we don't want it for fb and what's app but we need it for our self development and for our future India I support Net Neutrality !!!! 
0 0 Support True net neutrality, I should be able to decide what to access. I own a website and if iam not give a level playing ground all my money invested will go in loss. please do justice. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. Please allow India to develop, its youth to have access free access to all the content ,. We need to develop this country. 
0 0 The internet does not belong to anyone. IT HAS TO BE NEUTRAL. Companies cannot charge for applications I use. If they are losing revenue, they need to innovate and find ways to give us platforms where we dont feel the need to use the apps. Blocking content is creating monopolies but giving undue advantage. 
0 0 We want NetNeutrality in true sense. 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality: 1. I don't want telecom companies to (a) control WHAT we access on the Internet and (b) charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I don't want licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 5. Zero rating is a violation of net neutrality. 
0 0 I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites .I DON'T WANT licensing for Whats app or any other app we use.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
1 0 PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE DEFINITION OF NET NEUTRALITY !!! 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I want internet where i can access all content free of cost and by not paying differently for different services. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality, 
0 0 I support net neutrality 
0 0 I support net neutrality and  by net neutrality I mean that any one can access anything they wish for without any further charge on any site. 1. no discrimination on the availability of sites. 2. no licencing for apps. 3.internet should not be regulated by the policies or mindset of giant telecom companies. 4.no additional fees/charge for accessing any kind of site. 
0 0 I support NET NEUTRALITY #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support Net Nuetrality. We want to be able to access everything at anytime, without having to pay separately. All we want is freedom and Justice 
0 0 1. who the hell are telecom companies to tell us what to use. 2. i think gov't is not intrested in creating next google from india 3. After this we will be forced to use certain data. 4. it will create monopoly,as you can se in case of facebook. 5. all data provided to us will be benifitial to telecom 6. anyway they are already making lots of mony then why again gov is giving them another loop hole to extract from common man's pocket. 
0 0 1. I support Net Neutrality. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I strongly support an OPEN INTERNET, for which I believe it is critical to uphold net neutrality and reject any moves towards licensing of Internet applications and Web services. Net Neutrality, by definition, means no discrimination of traffic flowing on the internet with respect to speed, access and price. For better public involvement and awareness, open house debates should be held in major Indian cities after the consultation process is over. Who is ruling the country??Why pay more 
1 0 Support Net Neutrality in India 
1 0 Yes, I support net neutrality. 
2 0 #netneutrality i don't want to remove net neutrality because i am an owner of newly formed ecommerce company and after removing net neutrality my business will go in huge loss or i can say i can not survive with this business.I have given all my savings to business and now its an issue of my livelihood.So, i am against this. 
1 0 I support net neutrality 
1 0 net neutrality is our RIGHT. 
2 0 wow!you made posting comment favouring #savetheinternet such a tedious task huh! well done gov! we are indeed really proud of you! just wanna ask you, how can you deprive us from using internet? its us who should decide how we are gonna use internet and not you people sir. Please let india progress, the role that the internet is playing in shaping this country,is indeed beyond your imagination. We want to use the net the way we want to and we will continuing doing so! I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 I do not support licensing of applications like whatsapp. Ban the Monopolistic concept of "zero rating". Do not allow conditional throttling/slowing down of websites/services that are not on such ill defined concepts of "zero rating" and fake "net neutrality". I support equal access to all sites, apps. A counter action must be started by the government of India to trace the Ill - Intentions of such companies trying to lobby for rules to kill new competition from starting. 
0 0 India is developing nation and internet is the basic necessity needed to becoming the Developed one. Internet should be neutral in following terms 1. It should be consumer who gets to decide how he wants to use internet. 2. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 3. We want to be able to access anything, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber, or any other app we use 
0 0 No I am not with this police which make the telecomme company's as a big boss. 
0 0 I don't want my Internet Service Provider to have a say in defining which product/service I choose. And that's precisely what would happen if net neutrality goes out of the scene. The primary power of internet is that it leaves the verdict of which product/service is better on the end users. But if paid prioritization is legalized ISPs would be in control of who (which product/service) gets the fast lane to the end user and that would kill a competitive market. Let net neutrality prevail. 
0 0 Free and Neutral Internet is basic right and should be present in India. To reach the digital age as we see we need internet to be free and startup friendly. Internet under license would monopolise the market and the young poor guy working on the block won't be able to keep up, stopping innovation. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia 
0 0 1.I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4.but I think instead u can control other things like charging all porn sitea/adult sites... not any information sites or any communicating social sites... 
0 0 Support Net Neutrality in India 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
2 0 i want to use internet as my wish dont want company to decide what shall i watch i pay money i wanna have right or else change policy for the people nt against the people :( 
0 0 The DoT Experts Report noted that a free and open Internet, available to all Indian citizens, is key to our country's future. Despite that, telcos are already violating net neutrality and endangering that future. The Govt should pass regulation immediately to protect net neutrality in India - the status quo of mere promises is not enough. Furthermore, the Govt must commit to protecting net neutrality in law in India. Don’t take five years to decide this. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Net Neutrality is mandatory for a developing nation of Ours. We should not allow ISPs to regulate the internet as cash cow. 
0 0 We want Net Neutrality in real terms and not the conditions defined by the Gov / service provided. Net Neutrality in real term means everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. We already have enough moral policing happening in our country, and certainly live withouth cencership of what to watch as well. 
0 0 I support net neutrality if net neutrality means all the websites are treated as equal and not just some specific group of sites to which we'll have free access. 
1 0 I strongly support an OPEN INTERNET, for which I believe it is critical to uphold net neutrality and reject any moves towards licensing of Internet applications and Web services. Net Neutrality, by definition, means no discrimination of traffic flowing on the internet with respect to speed, access and price. For better public involvement and awareness, open house debates should be held in major Indian cities after the consultation process is over. Who is ruling the country??Why pay mor 
0 0 I support net neutrality 
0 0 its our right to access contents in internet.. i support net neutrality 
0 0 The internet is probably the only place all Indians are equal. Please, let's at least hold on to that. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us nowhere we want #NetNeutrality IN REAL TERMS 
0 0 I am in complete favor of real net neutrality. If I am paying for a data pack I would like to access all the websites ..all the web apps and every other thing on WWW. But yes I dont have any problem in tie-ups of the companies with the ISPs and accessing free websites or apps as an end-user. 
0 0 I don't support #netneutrality. Paying for each sites we use doesn't make any sense. According to our fundamental rights every person has a right to freedom to information. Paying for each sites is in a way stopping the public from accessing their right. I strongly oppose net netrality. 
1 0 We want these telcos to stop milking us. We are citizens, not cash cows. Free internet is our right. Request the govt to support the interests of citizens. 
0 0 I do not want the version of "Net Neutrality" that Facebook or some of the Telecoms are pushing, they are very monopolistic in nature, when a few sites are free of charge (data wise) which makes new users keep going to those sites only thus avoiding other sites or newer web sites. This is effectively KILLING new WEBSITES from coming up. CORPORATE MALPRACTISE suit should be levied against them and rules made by the government to stop Such MONOPOLISTIC lobbying and changing of rules. 
0 0 supporting netnutrality 
0 0 The internet is the last bastion of equality in an unequal world .We should not let narrow commercial considerations mar that . The definition of Net Neutrality cannot be watered down to what the Telcos define it to be .There should be no selective payment/licensing for services on the net. It will also impact the growth of ecommerce and digital entrepreneurship which will significantly limit the growth that India is poised for in the face of organized players in this sector with deep pockets. 
1 0 i really appreciate government coming to the public and discussing policy .i really think way to digital india goes though #NetNeutrality . Keeping Net neutral is going to develop india , India need startup more than anything , it will kill start ups , let keep net neutral 
0 0 I strongly disagree with the TRAI or FACEBOOK proposed the concept of #netNeutrality (Net neutrality un-masked or uninterrupted internet usage for anyone anytime anywhere), if this is implemented then poor people have to pay more to Tele companies, Government established for all the people not only for RICH people, Internet is meant to be available to everyone at the nominal rate if you implement this then common people has to pay more to get the their internet. 
1 0 We want Net Neutrality in India! Service providers should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source, and without favouring or blocking particular products or websites. 
0 0 DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
1 0 In whole-hearted support of net neutrality. because Curbing net neutrality is curbing of freedom. Why should the ISP decide as to what information must I access? 
0 0 i think we got freedom  in 1947 only, we have all rights to decide by own. i don't want any objection by others... 
1 0 No licensing of apps. No zero rating. No throttling/slowing down of websites/services. Equal access to all sites, apps. This is a must for Digital India. 
1 0 I support net neutrality that allows me freedom to access anything that is on the net. No thought/content control please. If the telcos are genuine in their intentions they surely have better ways of doing the philanthropy 
1 0 I don't want pseudo net neutrality defined by the telecom companies . 
0 0 ISPs charge for data based volume/speed packages. Apps help the consumer to cut costs like travel, purchases and study material. Main point is travel, accommodation and time costs. The virtual classroom, for companies’ virtual meetings via Skype. We are known for IT powers thanks to net neutrality. No rocket science required for ISPs to develop their own apps. Social scientist and economist to analyse the social impact, savings on fuel, infrastructure etc. World is a global village thanks to the 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I do not want the version of "Net Neutrality" that Facebook or some of the Telecoms are pushing, they are very monopolistic in nature, when a few sites are free of charge (data wise) which makes new users keep going to those sites only thus avoiding other sites or newer web sites. This is effectively KILLING new WEBSITES from coming up. CORPORATE MALPRACTISE suit should be levied against them and rules made by the government to stop Such MONOPOLISTIC lobbying and changing of rules. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. Everyone should have the access to Internet without paying extra. 
0 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us nowhere we want #NetNeutrality IN REAL TERMS 
0 0 I support absolute total net neutrality. I oppose telcos move to control what content  i choose to view. 
1 0 India and World is developing faster due to Net Neutrality.  It is a World Highway for everyone to anywhere and anytime.  If this is curtailed by vested interests then they dupe and make rich money at the cost of innocent people including students and senior citizens.  Many students and Sr.Citizens do not even know what is charged and what is free. So Net Neutrality should be neutral and free.  People are already paying for the net. 
0 0 In simple, no net neutrality please. 
0 0 we want net neutrality in real terms not the term proposed by telecom operators.Different charge for different sites is not acceptable.we want such policy in which any site can be access freely anytime anywhere moreover the license system proposed is also rubbish thing we already left this entire system now again adopting it takes us nowhere we want #NetNeutrality IN REAL TERMS 
0 0 I dont wanna net neutrality. Because india is my contry so i have a rights to which apps use by me is depands upon my freedom. Already airtel makes 4g/3g as same price but makes price very high. So kindly i request to separate price for  3g and 4g. Because many mobiles in india have 3g only than how can they us 4g? 
1 0 No licensing of apps. No zero rating. No throttling/slowing down of websites/services. Equal access to all sites, apps. This is a must for Digital India. 
0 0 I just want that veryone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 For god sake! GO Ahead for the Net Neutrality.Became a freedom about net Neutrality 
0 0 All services should be accessible without extra charges. All websites equally accessible. All calling apps free also for domestic calls. No blocking of info/websites unless in case of national security. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites .. 2. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies... 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use..... 4.Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 I don't want net neutrality as defined by the telecom companies I don't want licensing #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Internet has become a basic need. Why should I pay extra to use a website? You will stun the growth of the country. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without paying extra 
0 0 I support Total Net Neutrality. The government should be an agent and catalyst in promoting Net Neutrality rather than a hindrance. Let the ISP's find more innovative ways to make money, rather than deciding who can view what information and at what price. For a country like India, where IT is one of our major pillars of the economy and PM Modi wants a 'Start Up - India ~ Stand Up - India', this can become a real accelerator or a show stopper. 
0 0 I support the real Net Neutrality and I have complete faith in my Government; so I hope you won't let the people down. All the efforts of 'Make In India' and 'Start up India; Stand up India' campaigns will get ruined if no new SME is able to reach us through internet. The already rich internet giants and MNCs will become even more rich and the wealth gap will increase. Equality to everyone (MNCs & SME alike) is not just our need but our constitutional right as well. Thank you. Namashkar 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 Any Private company/individual must not be allowed to decide things otherwise they will decide for their personal/company benefits. They can not decide what to block or what not to, can not decide what is available with speed and what is with low speed, can not give different treatment to different online content as per their wish/benefits. We have parliament/government to decide for the benefits of the people. 
0 0 I don't need net Neutrality. Please government understand the issue of public. Why you want to become more richer to telecom companies.. Please think about public. Please don't need net neutrality. 
0 0 I strongly support Net Neutrality.TSPs/ISPs should not have the power to restrict traffic.They should not have power to create special plans for using so&so websites.I do not want to b ruled by their rules. I can able 2 open and operate all kind of websites or applications with the equal speed.Who r they 2 restrict my access to particular websites over the internet? Internet is for all.My suggestions:DoT should keep eye on TSPs/ISPs how they r providing their services & ensure Net neutrality. 
0 0 Neutrality can't be defined by interested parties. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 
0 0 This is totally unfair games on internet. Every application should be treated in the same way. So far we have faced racism, Cast degrading. those are done without any prior thoughts and decisions with public. Now you are doing the same with internet eventhough we have learnt to treat every thing in same view. Again with this impact you are going to divide the future. 
0 0 Any manipulation of present structure of Internet will mean no scope for Facebook , flipkart like innovation in future and rich will control the Internet . 
1 0 Net neutrality: It is one of the basis requirement of digital world. I support net neutrality. 
0 0 I support net neutrality.  #NetNeutrality 
1 0 The future of India is the young generation it has.In this decade the youth are well matured,educated,aware of all probable happenings they have around them.This is due to their easy access to internet.The net neutrality strictly ban the growth and access of Indian citizen to access the internet ..government should give internet on minimum of charge as all developed nation are doing the same.jai hind 
2 0 All the points in the recommendation seem rational and are welcome, point 8 of the recommendation is "Tariff plans offered by TSPs/ISPs must conform to the principles of net neutrality set forth in guidelines issued by the Government as Licensor." on this we really need to see what is given in the guidelines. This is what will bring out whether true net neutrality is being adhered to. 
0 1 I support NetNeutrality.... 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 i dont want the telecom corporates to decide what i access on net. 
2 0 I request #DepartmentofTelecommunication to please understand that internet is becoming one of the very basic and important need of today to spread knowledge and help the overall evolution of our country and mankind. I urge everyone to support #NetNeutrality as i do and all my countrymen do. I AND THE YOUNG POPULOUS OF INDIA ASKS FOR NEUTRALITY OF INTERNET. 
0 0 Net neutrality should be a Birthright.... Human growth happens when there is sharing...  Had web been not free, would it have grown this much? 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I support and pls give us the basic needs...Dont go beyond the corporates... 
0 0 I dont want anyone deciding for me what I must access, watch or eat. Telecoms/Govt must not be allowed to control the content. 
1 0 Freedom of internet.. why should we pay more? Its our choice what we want to see over the internet at same price as other stuff. 
0 0 Please just try and not be an asshole. #Savetheinternet. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
1 0 I support net neutrality 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
2 0 Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 I think that net neutrality should always be maintained. 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
1 0 Net neutrality it self means all the data , traffic has to be treated as one. No one should regulate the what we do with the data plan or access we have. I strongly oppose any regulation of OTT like Skype,Whatsapp or any other service in that matter. We should welcome real net neutrality , so that we can help India becoming digital. 
0 0 Why change anything but only better connectivity.. If services are for users, it is long term investment and let operator work it out.. Govt. can not be used as instrument for their survival... 
1 0 There CAN'T be a 'Digital India' with: -misinterpretation of Net Neutrality,based on the definitions suggested by big corporates like Facebook -expensive Internet,controlled by money hungry companies -Internet.org, made by Facebook which uses the cause of helping the poor as a veil to control what they are accessing,thus snatching their freedom. -licenses for any applications like WhatsApp -lack of freedom on the only place where entrepreneurs and big companies have a level playing field 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 6. Please don't snatch our freedom once again from us . 
0 0 for god sake! GOI, please let our freedom be and let US decide what we want to access on the internet and not those telcos! let the corporates not arm-twist you! we should be able to access anything and everything without any comparmentalised costs for different services provided by apps. do hear our voices. 
0 0 Internet is the demand of the hour in today's world. In other words, it is a solution to many of the day-to-day encountered problems. In such a situation, net neutrality would be a great implementation and it would really help us to develop from every possible aspect, whether it be from usage point of view or from learning point of view. "Thumb's Up" for Net Neutrality...Go #MyGov Go!!! 
0 0 There should be a Special Teacher in each school to handle the Children with special needs so that they also be able to progress 
1 0 Keep internet free of the influence of the telecom companies.....they should not be allowed to take control of what is free content and what is chargeable....Different tariffs for different websites would bring ineqality in a space which has till now remained an equal platform for one and all...No control mechanism on the content I watch will be preferred by me from any internet service provider...My vote for true NET Neutrality......No intervention of the market forces..... 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
2 0 I agree with mohith kumar the companies charging more for data to earn more profit. If the customer threatening to leave the service provider they will give the same data pack for half the price. I dont think they will give any offer without any profit. 
1 0 I support and pls give us the basic needs...Dont go beyond the corporates... 
1 0 Net neutrality is my basic right and stop dictating us what to see and what to pay for..We will not tolerate this 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
1 0 #NetNeutrality The report states "traffic management allows the performance of services to be managed individually so that the most Quality of Service (QoS) sensitive services receive the better QoS from the network.In an unmanaged situation, consumers would not understand and predict the factors that affect their experience, whereas in a traffic managed situation there is potentially more certainty and more transparency, and a better overall quality of experience for the majority of customers." 
0 0 Dear Sir, Kindly allow Internet to be neutral, it has helped me and many like.  If it becomes biased then future generation will not get its proper benefits. If i travel through a train paying its ticket, then railway should not bother which meeting of mine earned me how much. Jai Hind 
0 0 How will it be if a third party ISP is charging me to share my opinion in my country's website?? I strongly support net ne 
0 0 i don't want telecom companies should have control over us what we do or what we want currently they are charging so much to provide their service & now i am not willing to pay them more it' against our freedom of internet. 
0 0 in long run it the user of the services who will be the losers if net neutrality is approved. it is an open secret first all sorts of promises are made by the private companies allaying any fear about their restrictive policies but one they get govt approval slowly the companies start to fleece customers on one pretext or other and powers that be watch helplessly specially if the matter concerns general public.  #NetNeutrality,  #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia,#TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 The basic net should be provided by government as a free service 
0 0 How will it be if a third party ISP is charging me to share my opinion in my country's website?? I strongly support net neutrality. Support Net neutrality if you want India to be truly digitalised. 
1 0 1. I support Net Neutrality. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 1 I don't support #NetNeutrality in its current form. It is regressive and takes away incentives of innovation. The way it is portrayed in youtube videos with populist headlines like 'SaveTheInternet' is misleading. Net neutrality is hardly about internet censorship. My thoughts on what's wrong with net neutrality and why we need "progressive" internet are attached herewith or can be found at this link - http://studvis.blogspot.in/2015/04/net-neutrality-counter-view.html 
0 0 Give the user what they want, not the other way around. To quote google's mantra "Dont be evil". For telecom companies just one line "Follow users and everything else will follow for good". 
0 0 Internet is the best source of information, communication and entertainment at no extra cost. Imagine a life where you need to pay for any information you need to access over the Internet. I do not wish to give my rights for accessing any content on the internet to the telecos who are already gaining high profit every day by increasing the tariff plan charges and providing the least amount of facilities to the consumer. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Now days, I less care about my wallet rather about my mobile, This is not because I have to talk to my Gf over fone but yes everything else that make my life ease. map,google and so many apps. I need this very badly. 
0 0 We want Net Neutrality. I have a great faith on my govt. Please do not let common people down. These companies are doing this only for their benefit. Who will save we common people? We are already suffering from inflation and now this? This is a good opportunity for govt to save we common people but what you doing? You are asking our opinion? Really? Don't you think that all the people of India would be against this? 
0 0 I support net nuetrality.... Internet.org 
0 0 Their Should be an investigation of the Telecom company's pushing for a anti people definition of "net neutrality"  for ANTI TRUST and corporate MONOPOLY and MALPRACTISES. and especially facebook (for the yes no poll it was holding on the main page, using confusing phrases, posing as net neutrality but representating monopolistic agenda.) 
0 0 Let's just keep everything that way it is. No OTP, no zero rating, no subset, no data type based pricing. I know the government isn't as bad as described by AIB, so let everything be the way it is. 
0 0 I support and pls give us the basic needs...Dont go beyond the corporates... 
0 0 I support and pls give us the basic needs...Dont go beyond the corporates... 
0 0 I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. I don't want gov to charge extra which we can achieve using current stage. INTERNET will be DEAD if implementation happens. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service 
0 0 Why others will operate on us, we are humans not robots. Internet is the biggest source of information which should not be controlled. It should depend on the person what he/she wants to look upon. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 i support Net Neutrality. you are talking like insane people.now the internet has become basic need for almost everyone 
0 0 1.	 Security forces on Border must be in three layers. 2.	Terrorist/antinational (Deshdrohi) must be punished in sixty days. 3.	No work- no pay and allowances for MP’s in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. 4.	Channels of corrupt media houses must be banned by law. 5.	Discussion on sensitive news/sensitive matters (Casteism, security) must be banned by law. 6.	Satta Bazar (Bussiness without goods tranjection ) must be banned. 
0 0 I should decide What i should eat, how should i eat and where should i eat. So same is to #Internet usage. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia #TRAI #MyGov 
0 0 i don't want telecom companies should have control over us what we do or what we want currently they are charging so much to provide their service & now i am not willing to pay them more it' against our freedom of internet. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 Do not twist the definition of net neutrality to benefit telcos. I support real net neutrality. 
0 0 Please find attached Facebook's additional comments on the Recommendations of the Committee on Net Neutrality. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. Operator should not decide cost on the type of web content usage. 2. No at all required to give privileges to operators on deciding charges on web content. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 I support net neutrality its everyone's basic need and should not be used for some ones personal benefit. 
0 0 According to me mobile operator companies are taking more money than required. Because data packs are increasing day by day. So it is to confused to say anything about that. If mobile operator companies decrease the data pack cost at that time existing system is good. 
0 0 First telecom companies wanted to keep people of INDIA away from key cheaper services like USSD, now they want to play with the freedom of information and knowledge and technology. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 I Support Net Neutrality As Internet Is A Basic And Thing Of Necessity These Days. I Don't Want Telecom Companies To Govern My Internet Services And Charges. 
0 0 I think net neutrality shud not be challenged for the sake of some profit driven companies whose sole & the ultimate goal is to earn more and more profit.. the ISPs must not decide what a person does on internet. whether he/she watches a movie, surf across the various social sites, go for purchasing online on any particular website or read an article, or make a video call to his/her friend at USA..each and every person must have the equal right to use the internet for whatever he wants. 
0 0 I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies.2. I DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us moneyfor accessing certain Websites/applications on the Internet.3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT PAYINGMORE for it separately.4. I DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage.5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 3. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 4. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 The basic point for net neutrality is that INTERNET is universally present just as atmospheric air & sunlight and this cannot be attributed to any government entity or private operator. The access to INTERNET is thus should be equal and neutral in real sense. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. I DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain Ibsites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT PAYING MORE for it separately. 4. I DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. #NetNeutrality #TRAI 
0 0 I support net neutrality, i mean the real meaning of net neutrality. 
0 0 Telecom companies want their own power & control on Net Neutrality.If it happens users will become slave of n/w operator. I do not want to pay separably for every category of sites/apps. I do not want to pay for social sites separately like Whats app call Instead - We should have same internet access for everyone by paying same amount. We should have access to internet with same speed. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. I DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain Websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT PAYING MORE for it separately. 4. I DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. #NetNeutrality #TRAI 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 
0 0 I support NetNeutrality, by which I mean I don't want to pay for accessing different websites over the internet. There shouldn't be licenses for VOIP services like Skype, Whatsapp and etc. I don't want the services to be divided in paid and free part of the internet. I want to have access over all the services over internet without paying anything extra. That would mean a real NetNeutrality to me. 
0 0 We do not want the telecommunication companies or other organizations to restrict our freedom its just a pathetic idea. This should STOP once and for all. 
0 0 I support NET NEUTRALITY as internet is the basic need now days. you ass holes can't charge for any site we visit. and you people can't decide what I have to see. By doing this you will be disobeying the laws of our freedom. so kindly fuck the shut up... 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
1 0 Dear GOI, I am privileged to be born in free, democratic country. I want to be able to access anything and everything on the internet at any time without paying for it separately. Telecom companies should not be defining what net neutrality is and I also don't support licensing for certain VoIP apps. I hope you take our comments seriously, I still have some faith left. 
1 0 Keep it simple!!, only I should decide what I want to browse. Same pricing for all internet content without paying extra for anything. Let it be a VoIP Call or whatsapp or facebook or any other website. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support net neutrality. Dont take this freedom away. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 Telecom companies want their own power & control on Net Neutrality.If it happens users will become slave of n/w operator. I do not want to pay separably for every category of sites/apps. I do not want to pay for social sites separately like Whats app call/Hangout video call. I do not want to pay separately for every e-commerce source like Flipkart. Instead - We should have same internet access for everyone by paying same amount. We should have access to internet with same speed. 
0 0 I Don't want #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. All of the internet should be available to everyone, all of the time, without any discrimination. Please do not let any private companies to run internet based on their agenda Regards, Gaurav 
0 0 I strongly support #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 I support netneutrality 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. 
0 0 we don't want net neutrality to be governed by telecom companies we want to be able to accessanything,at anytime,without having to pay more for it seprately we dont want lincensing for any app we are using #netneutrality zindabad 
0 0 Net neutrality (also network neutrality, Internet neutrality, or net equality) is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally, not discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication --- Freedom is every ones right :) 
0 0 i support Net Neutrality. you are talking like insane people.now the internet has become basic need for almost everyone 
0 0 Bharat have a lot of freedom that was a gift of the founding fathers  of this nation, as has been enshrined in the constitution of India. Internet and broadly telecom and data services are resources through which nations and the world operates and will do so in future. It is upto us to ensure the spirit of freedom continues so that every indian has equal opportunity in letter an spirit. I therefore support #NetNeutrality as a Fundamental right of every Indian Citizen. Jai Hind. 
0 0 I hope we are in an independent Nation.After 67 years of Independence now these Telecom companies are going to rule this Net world. I don't want to be a slave under these Telecom Companies who Control what i Should access in internet. I DON'T WANT NET NEUTRALITY Defined by by these TELECOM COMPANIES. I want to access anything for free. I don't want Telecom Companies to Decide What i Should Pay for and What is Free for me. Regarding: #Vishal Nain 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. By Net neutrality, I mean: - No zero rating (Airtel zero) - No gated/subset internet (Internet Org) - No prioritising of data - No licenses for OTT (Whatsapp, Skype, FB, Twitter & the likes) - No data-type based pricing (no separate pricing for video/audio etc) I pay for the data & bandwidth and then I must have unfettered access to the Net. Just the Internet be, don't regulate it. 
0 0 i support Net Neutrality. you are talking like insane people.now the internet has become basic need for almost everyone in the country you are starting to charge it is like you are taking wheel chair from differently abled people 
0 0 I support #NetNutrality 
0 0 i support net neutrality 
0 0 I want #netneutrality. I would be delighted if our government would start thinking about command man rather than the companies and act accordingly. Thank you. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality. By Net neutrality, I mean: - No zero rating (Airtel zero) - No gated/subset internet (Internet Org) - No prioritising of data - No licenses for OTT (Whatsapp, Skype, FB, Twitter & the likes) - No data-type based pricing (no separate pricing for video/audio etc) I pay for the data & bandwidth and then I must have unfettered access to the Net. Just the Internet be, don't regulate it. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality.I don't want the telcos to decide which site to use and which to not.Internet was designed on this fundamental principle only that it will be available to everyone without any discrimination in content.I want all the messageing services as well as voice and video chat services should be provided free of cost to all the users. 
0 0 The IT Ministry is just wasting time and resources. Public have already voted to TRAI and now voting again to the Ministry? Does IT Ministry have any logic and wisdom of its own? The role of an ISP is simply eq. to a courier agent. Its none of their business to charge based on the packet content. It seems ministry of IT is more committed towards benefits of telecom companies. In the future INTERNET will be the carrier for all telecommunication. 
0 0 the sky high rates of data packs are already benefiting the internet service providers sufficiently. The public should not be paying anything more to access something as basic and important as the internet. #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 anyone should be able to access any content over internet irrespective telco operators, telco operators should charge based on data usage irrespective of content on access over internet. 
0 0 I have the freedom to choose to see what I want and I strongly support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I hope we are in an independent Nation.After 67 years of Independence now these Telecom companies are going to rule this Net world. I don't want to be a slave under these Telecom Companies who Control what i Should access in internet. I DON'T WANT NET NEUTRALITY Defined by by these TELECOM COMPANIES. I want to access anything for free. I don't want Telecom Companies to Decide What i Should Pay for and What is Free for me. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. Why the telecom operators should decide for what site or apps we should pay. I mean telecom operators are already getting paid for the services of internet. It is nonsense to give them control to charge us more on the contents we want to use. We should be able to access every content at the same rates. 
0 0 I TOTALLY SUPPORT NET NEUTRALITY.... 
0 0 Net neutrality is important in the long term. Violating this woudl risk our digital future and will kill small business and the startup scene in india 
0 0 i support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
2 0 I hope we are in an independent Nation.After 67 years of Independence now these Telecom companies are going to rule this Net world. I don't want to be a slave under these Telecom Companies who Control what i Should access in internet. I DON'T WANT NET NEUTRALITY Defined by by these TELECOM COMPANIES. I want to access anything for free. I don't want Telecom Companies to Decide What i Should Pay for and What is Free for me. 
1 0 We don't want a pseudo net neutrality which is dictated by the telcos. The govt. should implement actual net neutrality and not something which has telecom companies' terms and conditions applied. Internet is meant to be available to everyone without any discrimination on content.   #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Some things needs to be act alike for what they meant for, #netneutrality #TRAI Make real digital Vision of India more clear , so I support net neutrality and our government should also .!! 
2 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I DON'T want #netNeutrality , I don't support it.Why should the government have access to something which a common man has made , we want full access to whole of the internet ,whenever we want and wherever we want ,It is one place where one can express freely and whatever they have in their mind , please don't charge anything , Internet is there to learn different spheres of  anything which are never taught in school and college we are living in India where we learn more on internet not school 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality. I don't want internet service providers to decided my freedom for using internet.#netneutrality 
0 0 I hope we are in an independent Nation.After 67 years of Independence now these Telecom companies are going to rule this Net world. I don't want to be a slave under these Telecom Companies who Control what i Should access in internet. I DON'T WANT NET NEUTRALITY  Defined by by these TELECOM COMPANIES. I want to access anything for free. I don't want Telecom Companies to Decide What i Should Pay for and What is Free for me. 
0 0 I support net neutrality 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality. I don't want to pay my money to use different website or apps. I define #NetNeutrality as my "Birth Right". Thank you. 
0 0 Data is basically 0&1 may it be video,message,pictures.. therefore policies should not distinguish btw types of data services. Introducing reforms to charge extra for Voip services or not charging for a particular kind of services risks the growth of technology and would stand as a barrier in the process of communication. It is requested to the govt.of India/#TRAI to abstain from introducing laws to discriminate btw the apps using data rather recognize the fact that data at lowest form is same 
1 0 we dont want to be ruled by some foriegn companies.... they dont have right to decide what should we watch and what we dont....GOI plz dont let them rule us again.... we want the real net nutrality the real freedom what we want to see on internet..... 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. I DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain Ibsites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT PAYING MORE for it separately. 4. I DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. #NetNeutrality #TRAI 
1 0 I would not like some telcos providing preferential treatment by offering customers free online access to website of their choice. All of internet should be given fair treatment, providers should 
1 0 Yes I support net neutrality 
2 0 Dear Indian Government, I support #NetNeutrality. Also,I don't support licensing of whatsapp,viber or any other app we use. Telecom companies should not hold the right to charge differently for different content shared on internet space. This will only help large conglomerates which can afford to pay these companies and suffocate the competition from smaller players. This is totally against the ideological stand our Honourable Prime minister promises for the development of the country. 
1 0 Being a citizen of India we demand our right to use the internet as we want. We don't want others (Telecom companies) to decide what we use or do on internet. We pay bills to use the internet then we should pay them again for the same. I support Net Neutrality 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. I don't want internet service providers to decided my freedom for using internet. Call charges are decreasing day by day however, the internet charges are rising. 
0 0 I Don't want #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. All of the internet should be available to everyone, all of the time, without any discrimination. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov - Please allow freedom of expression... 
2 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 yes,I support #NetNeutrality. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro whatsapp viber, or any other app we use. 6. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. 
0 0 I support #netneutrality 
2 0 I support Net Neutrality. We don't want it to be defined by telecom companies or social media giants. Everything on the internet should be freely accessible without separate charges for separate websites/apps. We don't want the licensing for VoIP apps. We don't support internet.org which is an initiative of facebook. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. 
1 0 " I don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telecom companies to control what we access on internet. We don't want to be charged differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 
1 0 I Don't want #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. All of the internet should be available to everyone, all of the time, without any discrimination. 
1 0 I support net neutrality 
1 0 #netneutrality I support ....... government is saying to increase and improve education system ......Learning is only be implemented through Internet..... bcz its the only way to learn free without restrictions....... 
2 0 I support #netneutrality 
2 0 I want net neutrality. but not as per telecom companies. everything on internet should be free for everyone. 
3 0 I like the internet the way it is. I don’t wish to pay for each website I will visit and I agree to the opinion that all the sites must be treated equally 
2 0 I support #netneutrality 
0 0 I strongly support #NetNeutrality. Please stop trying tamper our lives on the name of your so called #hoaxnetneutrality. Please don't allow some telecom companies and babus to drive the mass as per there whims and fancies. 
1 0 Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE 
1 0 I support #netneutrality . This move seems to be against the very concept of #netneutrality .. I do not want #netneutrality defined by some telcos, why the govt is moving towards license raj.. do not pull the country backward.. we want #netneutrality in its truest form, in letter and spirit.. Govt should and must work for proper implementation of #netneutrality 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. I DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain Ibsites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT PAYING MORE for it separately. 4. I DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. #NetNeutrality #TRAI 
0 0 I support net neutrality it will help the nation to grow in every aspects and with wider availability in small villages too. why not use solar panels for expansion of network where there is power issue in any area. Many things to do can help us grow, lets start now. 
0 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don’t allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Access for everyone is a different goal — universal access. We support universal access, but it must be to the public Internet, not some private walled garden. Don’t allow telcos to split the internet and become gatekeepers of what the next 1 billion Indians can access. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. 2. I DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain Ibsites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, WITHOUT PAYING MORE for it separately. 4. I DO NOT WANT licensing for any VOIP calls or VOIP Applications usage. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet for EVERYONE. #NetNeutrality #TRAI 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality.ISPs should not charge differentially for different types of packets. 
0 0 We Don't Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies All of the internet should be available to everyone, all of the time, without any discrimination. 
0 0 I Support Net Neutrality & I don't want telecom companies to have a monopoly on what we need to access & to charge differently for different sites is totally unacceptable & it's taking away our liberty in an Internet Driven Era 
0 0 their should be net neutrality so that every one has a right to access every thing at any time so that no favoritism will develop towards particular app or website. if net neutrality will not be there then it will hinder the growth and opportunity for new app developer and startups also. thanks 
0 0 We support net neutrality.we dnt want telecoms to own the internet. We dnt want Licensing for using apps. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. ISPs should not charge differentially for different types of packets. 
0 0 I SUPPORT NET NEUTRALITY IT IS RIGHT TO USE EVERY SITE IN WEB WITH EQUALITY,WE MUST NOT FORCE TO PAY EXTRA FOR USING MESSAGING APP OR VIDEO CALL AS IF WE ARE ALREADY PAYING FOR DATA WE USE IF THE GOV DO THIS THIS WILL COUNTED AS IN THEIR SINS TO THE CITIZENS OF INDIA AND AS THIER ANOTHER WAY TO EXPLOIT INDIANS, IT IS THE DEMOLITION OF RIGHT OF EQUALITY AND TO CHOOSE 
0 0 i support #NetNeutrality. we dont want telecomms to decide what we wish to see. So screw the telco's definition of netneutrality. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without having to pay separately for each app/site. 
0 0 i support net neutrality 
0 0 Let atleast net be neutral, please dont introduce reservation in this too. #netneutrality #trai #banreservation #mygov 
0 0 Dear Policy makers  I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies. There are lots of other basic issues which still pending in Parliament please sort them first. Young INDIA need energy power and pace which they got from Terabytes not from Politicians fake bytes. 
1 0 The internet service providers (ISPs) should not be allowed to discriminate between the different types of data traffic. They should be mandated to charge the same amount for data, regardless of the content. #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I want real net neutrality, where everyone has access to internet without any control by a telecom company. I support net neutrality. 
0 0 I support #NetNuetrality. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what we access on the internet. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. We Don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without having to pay separately for each app/site. 
1 0 Internet Charges should be neutral,no matter on how the data been consumed by consumer 1.In case if telecom providers justify that, it will hamper their income, like using of VIOP call or SMS through Skype, Whats, Viber or similar any app,let the govt. charge these VIOP providers based on usage, and come up with a way how to solve it, by looking case by case 2.Incase any online free movies website,like Netflix or let it be regularized In case any differential charges will restrict innovation 
0 0 I support #netneutrality. Let not telcos define what net neutrality means. We want access to internet without paying for each site separately. Telcos making money on expense of our liberty is not fair. 
0 0 COME ON INDIAN GOVERNMENT AND ALL TELECOS. YOU CAN'T BE SO CHEAP. YOU CAN'T RESTRICT THE INTERNET SERVICES & MAKE A LAY MAN BY YOUR VAGUE PIONTS. NO WAY... WE WANT THE REAL #NETNEUTRALITY AND NOT SOME TELCO. FRIENDLY DEFINITION. WE DO NOT WANT TELCOS. CONTROL WHAT WE ACCESS OVER THE INTERNET. TELCOS. SHOULDN'T  CHARGE DIFFERENTLY FOR DIFF. SITES. I WANT ACCESS OF ALL OF THE INTERNET FOR ALL OF THE PEOPLE ALL OF THE TIME AND ACCESS TO EVERYTHING AND NOT JUST LIMITED SITES.I SUPPORT #NETNEUTRALITY 
0 0 we support #net neutrality and so We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time and We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. 
0 0 I support #netneutrality 
0 0 I support #netneutrality. Let not telcos define what net neutrality means. We want access to internet without paying for each site separately. Telcos making money on expense of our liberty is not fair. 
0 0 i support to net neutrality. 
0 0 support Net Neutrality  its over rights 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality, as I don't want any telecom company to control what I want to access on net. Just charge us on the data usage. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what we access on the internet. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. We Don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without having to pay separately for each app/site. 
0 0 i support to net neutrality. 
0 0 I Very Strongly support #NetNeutrality in India It should be made as a basic right for everyone 
0 0 we need all the web site to be accessed.A telecom company can not decide what I want to access and what not.So we want complete NetNeutrality.Its on me what I should access, otherwise there will be a situation that I have to think whether I should access this site or not,whether it will chargeable or not.So please keep the net as it is now. 
0 0 Everything boils down to only one thing. I should browse whatever i want to once I have already paid for it. I Support Net Neutrality in the sense that everybody can access everything on Internet. 
0 0 #netneutrality is the way to go. I do not want everything to be customized by the government or the TRAI or the telecom operator. Its a free world, its a sea of knowledge out there in the internet. I support net neutrality 
0 0 everyone should be allowed to access any content over internet irrespective of telco operators, telco operators should charge based on data usage irrespective of content anyone access over internet. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. I hope you will take appropriate decision in favor of common man. you guys know what you have to do for the same. Common man is not fool in case you fail to address their issues and they will for sure vote you out in the next term. So if you really want to do something please take decision in public favor. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality. It should be made as a basic right for every citizens of this world. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what we access on the internet. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. We Don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without having to pay separately for each app/site. 
1 0 I want Net Neutrality #NetNeutrality I dont want to pay additionally for any specific website or service. Treat everyone with equality. 
2 0 Don't kill the Net Neutrality. I am a huge supporter of Net Neutrality. 
0 0 If Mr. Modi truly wants to digitize India, than net neutrality is the first and foremost policy to adapt. We want to be neutral at least in some aspect of our lives. internet is powerful enough to truly provide a common ground for all of us. In this sense net neutrality is very necessary. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality. The internet must be a basic right of an Indian citizen for him to stand aside other developed country citizens. No commercial company should possess right to rule internet and related services. 
0 0 yes i support 
1 0 I strongly advocate #NetNeutrality . Please refrain from taking any steps that pushes the country backwards. Implement HONEST and ACTUAL net neutrality and put an end to favourism. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what we access on the internet. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. We Don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without having to pay separately for each app/site. 
2 0 Well being simple in words i dont want telecom companies to put barriers on my internet usage what to access and what to not. second these days a lot of people getting famous by there new innovatives app's there videos so your policies will stop new opportunity for them. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia #TRAI #MyGov 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want Telecom companies to control what any individual accesses on the internet and charge differently for different websites. We want access to all of the internet, all of the time, for all the people and also access to everything and not just some selected parts of the internet. We do not want licenses for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Thank you. 
1 0 Yes, i m in support of Net Neutrality. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality . 
1 0 i support net neutrality!! 
2 0 Dear Govt, Why are you doing this? Why? Who gave you the right to curb the freedom of the people of this country? We know that our comments wont make a difference and you will finally do what you are supposed to do, that is to end democracy in this country. But I support #NetNeutrality. So let this Govt.ruin this country for the next 4 years and hope people realise soon not to fall for false promises. Not thanking you for anything, A citizen on this country. 
2 0 I don't want telecom companies to define what is net neutrality. I want to access anything anytime without paying separately. 
0 0 1.I support net neutrality.These telecom companies cant charge us according to their will. 2.Dont want Telecom companies to control what we access on the Internet and they cant charge us differently for different websites . 
0 0 there is so many comment against your all planing can you really smell this,we all not want any boundation for internet,this is a free thing that you should provide us without any hidden restriction,we are independent person of India and dont want to control any telecom company or anyone over our virtual world.so please keep away from it.and one thing is also clear now that our government is full of old people who don't know anything about digital India only they play air game.make youth decide. 
0 0 Net Neutrality is every netizens right. 
0 0 First of all i support Net Neutrality. Secondly i am really disappointed that, we have to fight for such basic freedom in this country, don't know what will be the results of these campaigns, just hoping for the right thing to happen. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. We don't want such net neutrality which is defined by some telecom companies whereas we want such net neutrality which give access to everything at any time at any place without charging anything extra. In present era internet is one of the basic necessity of ours, so we want that it should help us not confuse us. We want to see India as a Developed nation :) So I request #TRAI and government to take decision which is good for all. 
0 0 Do not let Telecom companies take away the rights of common Indian Netizens. The Internet must be free at all costs. #NetNeutrality #InSupportOfNetNeutrality #LetFreeSpeechExist #LetDemocracyExist 
0 0 its my choice,what should i do with my net. no one should force me to pay more for there profit. i belive in net neutrality.  to be able to access everything on the internet on an equal level. We do not want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. The telecom companies can not charge us differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. 
0 0 i support net neutrality because i dont want net provider to decide what should i use means i dont want these companies to have control over  me 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what i access on the internet. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what we access on the internet. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just selected parts of it. We Don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Everyone should have access to everything on Internet without having to pay separately for each app/site. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 I Support #NETNEUTRALITY. Telecom Companies should not decide what I do with my internet and to where I use. It should be solely depend on me on how i use it and to which app i use it. 
0 0 Internet should be an open service, free of regulations. The content or services provided through internet should not be regulated in any means. The content/service creators goes through great pain to put the service up in internet and that should not be hindered by anybody. Everybody should have same access to everything that is there in internet. #NetNeutrality should be preserved and the services like whatsapp and viber should not be regulated for the interest of telecom companies.. 
0 0 I support net neutrality 
0 0 I totally support NetNeutrality as this will hamper India's growth and innovation. Only few big net giants will benefit from this and a lot of startups and innovative ideas will be killed before flourishing. I was a die hard supporter of Modi before this but this clearly shows that Modi govt has no vision or idea about the power of internet and how restricting internet is going to hamper India's growth in longer run. Also telecom giants will start doing whatever they want. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want Telecom companies to control what any individual accesses on the internet  and charge differently for different websites. We want access to all of the internet, all of the time, for all the people and also access to everything and not just some selected parts of the internet. We do not want licenses for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Thank you. 
1 0 Absolutely support Net Neutrality. Telecom sector should become more innovative and comeup with ideas of having their own apps for revenue rather thinking like a pessimist and start charging based on Site visited or app used. Please be innovative and follow Modi ji's concept 'Make in India' don't 'Break in India'.... Jai Hind.. 
0 0 I Support net neutrality. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differently for different websites . 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Everyone should have access to everything on the internet without having to pay separately for each site or service. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies We Dont want telcom companies controlling what i access on the internet. We want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. We want full access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. We Don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. Open your eyes #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TRAI stop your pimping for telecom companies 
0 0 Differential payment for different sites is not correct. Since accessing any website is not restricted by the website owners, I feel it should not be restricted by Service providers. Service providers can only fix the charge to use internet. Once a user pays the service provider to use internet, he should have access to all sites available in internet. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 I support #Net Neutrality. I decide what to surf and not the telecom companies. Do not change anything for neutrality and keep it as it is has been for all these years. 
0 0 we all need #netneutrality. and its our right to browse whatever content we want and Telecom companies cannot charge for each individual. we dont want any upper hands over us by any corporate monsters. actually this kind of opinion poll is also not necessary , because this is the duty of a government to provide free internet ant net neutrality for the people. thank you 
0 0 I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 
1 0 I supports #NetNeutrality. First of all I would like to know whether every Indian has freedom or not? If yes then why this freedom of accessing internet sites is going to be controlled forcefully, even if somebody wants to use it/ access it. I think every body has right to live freely with his/ her own way of life. If not then what is the use of such comments/ recommendations being asked from citizens. 
0 0 Telecom operators must not be allowed to charge differently for different websites and I and my friends support genuine net neutrality. We as the masses must be allowed to access everything on internet freely, everywhere, every time without any condition. Licensing of Apps must not happen either. 
0 0 I support net neutrality for the actual definition that is, to be able to access everything on the internet on an equal level. We do not want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. The telecom companies can not charge us differently for different websites. We want to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. We do not want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber, any other app we use. No one else should be given the right to decide what I see. 
0 0 I Support Net Neutrality. Why so late, It should have been implemented ages before. 
0 0 i support net neutrality!! 
1 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
2 0 You know what's the biggest threat to Net Neutrality (aka unrestricted internet for all) is? Facebook's internet.org! They are trying to dupe innocent Indian users and make them think their scam internet.org is all they need. No, internet is much more than that. It needs to be explored by the end user. Facebook can't chose and pick what Indian's get or not get to see. Please let the netizens be the judge. BAN INTERNET.ORG! #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TRAI, #MyGov 
1 1 I support net neutrality 
4 0 OK!I'm responding to it but I can't understand why our govt. needs our view point to differentiate between 0&1 doesn't they know it. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens. 
3 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
2 0 Itsvery simple, everything available on internet should be provided free, anywhere anytime without any restrictions or any extra cost. Consumers should have the right to decide what apps and website they want to use. On the other hand, Net neutrality defined by facebook or any other telecom companies is totally wrong. This should not be practiced. Net neutrality is defined as every single information or data present on the internet should be freely accessible at any point of time anywhere. 
4 0 Dear Government/Policymakers, How can you have a vision of DIGITAL INDIA when the basic premise of having ACTUAL #NetNeutrality is being hampered? I favor unbiased,transparent and fair access to the internet 
2 1 I support #netneutrality 
3 0 we people need #netneutrality. and its our right to browse whatever content we want and Telecom companies cannot charge for each individual. we dont want any upper hands over us by any corporate monsters. actually this kind of opinion poll is also not necessary , because this is the duty of a government to provide free internet ant net neutrality for the people. thank you 
2 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
2 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing for watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
1 0 Don’t allow Zero Rating Zero rating will enable well-funded Internet companies to purchase captive user bases, killing off smaller competitors and then increasing prices to recover the cost. It will decrease choice and harm consumers not only on the zero rating plans but also on the open Internet. The Govt should prohibit zero rating completely instead of giving approval on a case-by-case basis. 
2 0 we're a developing nation where people are getting a hold on computers and the internet plays a vital role in helping people know, that they can learn, can earn and teach. Its a platform which rightfully should remain free and unaltered throughout the world. I completely support #NetNeutrality. #TRAI should take the right decision in favor of the nation to better serve its citizens and keeping in mind that we can still become a developed nation if we're not devoid of our rights. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 I support #netneutrality and I don't want telecom companies controlling what I can access on the internet. DON'T KILL INNOVATION. 
1 0 G Government must act now The DoT Report noted that a free and open Internet, available to all Indian citizens, is key to our country's future. Despite that, telcos are already violating net neutrality and endangering that future. The Govt should pass regulation immediately to protect net neutrality in India - the status quo of mere promises is not enough. The Govt must commit to protecting net neutrality in law in India. Don't take 5 years to decide this. 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality donot want the Internet to be accessed in controlled manner 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality. Telecom operators should have no say in deciding what I want to access on the internet. And, that includes WhatsApp, Viber, Skype and other such services. I don't want any kind of licensing for these apps. 
2 0 we people need #netneutrality. and its our right to browse whatever content we want and Telecom companies cannot charge for each individual. we dont want any upper hands over us by any corporate monsters. actually this kind of opinion poll is also not necessary , because  this is the duty of a government to provide free internet ant net neutrality for the people. thank you 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality and I don't want telecom companies controlling what I can access on the internet. 
0 0 I support #net neutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 NET NEUTRALITY: "The principle that Internet service providers should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source, and without favouring or blocking particular products or websites."-WIKI.Internet is a global heritage of mankind as a whole. We need the Internet to further contribute to the growth of human mankind in society and not leading to divisions within society.Access of internet is a part of the F.R to life under Art.21 of the CoI.I support #NetNetrality. 
0 0 I want Net Neutrality ! We all want net neutrality. It is the basic right of every citizen /person living in this world. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality!!! I surely don't want telecomms to have the power to decide for me, how I am supposed to use my data plan. Every byte used by whomsoever & however should be treated equally. Stop looting the people of this nation in every possible way! Try to make things more economical for all than making holes in the pockets of we Indians!! 
0 0 Scrap the proposal to license VoIP apps There should be no license-permit raj for the web. The Govt must not adopt regressive measures such as forcing licenses for Internet communication services or mobile apps. The proposal to license VoIP is completely against the consumer interest — it will decrease choice, increase prices and stifle innovation. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We want to be able to access anything, at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. We don't want licencing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use. So please please please give us the freedom to get anything on the internet. I'm so sad that we are still fighting for freedom even when we are celebrating our 68th anniversary of our independence 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing for watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 Net Neutrality should be balanced with Free Internet.The Government has to do this.I don't want telecom companies to alter the terms of net neutrality in any way as internet should be free and equal to everyone. 
0 0 freebie with context to access to internet are definitely harmful for the startups. Startups will give sustainable growth tot the country. Telecom operators and the big internet players are already making good money,now together they are creating nexus, this nexus will not allow to stand up the startups. I support the actual net neutrality. 
1 0 I support #Net Neutrality. I decide what to surf and not the telecom companies. Do not change anything for neutrality and keep it as it is has been for all these years. 
0 0 Internet should be impartial to any particular website or app. Net Neutrality is a must. 
0 0 Plain and simple policy: Unrestricted access to each and every website, at all times, anywhere on the Internet. All apps should be available on an equal platform without any discrimination. Restriction may only be imposed on websites which may be perceived as spreading anti-social propaganda. 
0 0 I support net neutrality and I don't want telecom companies controlling what I can access on the internet. 
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us differential money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be to all. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing for watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
2 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 i support NET NEUTRALITY. 
0 0 Don't restrict INDIA's development... I support #NetNeutrality ... its need 
0 0 We need true net neutrality that is being able to access all content on the internet at the same monetary rates/ usage charges. All content should be allocated equal bandwidth with no discrimination whatsoever 
0 0 what people need today is free internet and what you are to provide them is a big lie that you can access internet for free which is not false but not true either because the whole meaning of net neutrality is free internet access to everything and anything and not anything that you want us to use.And for got sake stop that licensing app such as viber whatsapp etc. #NetNeutrality thumbs up  only if it truns out to be what we really wanted 
0 0 Net Neutrality should be balanced with Free Internet. While the first is about freedom, the later is about Equality. Can we have both, simultaneously? Yes, we can. The Government can do this. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don’t allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don’t allow creation of private walled gardens. 
0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be to all. 
0 0 Yes! i support #NetNeutrality because I don't want these tele co. to I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 
0 0 I support net neutrality and I don't want telecom companies controlling what I can access on the internet. 
0 0 I want #NetNeutrality. I want to access anything & everything on internet. I want full freedom same as how currently it is working. Digital India is only possible with #NetNeutrality. #NetNeutrality holds the sole of Digital India & our Democracy (which we term as best in the World). 
0 0 I totally support Net neutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 We wan Net Neutrality but we don't net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We want the net neutrality not some watered down, compromised, telecom friendly definition. we don't want telecos controlling what we access on internet and "we don't want to be charged differently by different websites". "We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately". "we don't want to be liscensing for whatsapp viber or any other app we use". PLEASE 
0 0 I support Net neutrality 1) equal priority should be given to all websites 2) I want to pay money for accessing internet, don't want to give money separately for websites 3) should give control to users for accessing websites,not the telecom's. 
0 0 I SUPPORT IT WITH MY FULLEST. 
1 0 I support#NetNeutrality. All online traffic should be treated equally 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 What we browse on the internet or what service we use should be none of the concerns of the ISP's. We do not want the telecom's controlling the internet. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality bcoz internet nowadays has become so important and putting the ban is just another way to benefit telecom companies and nothing else 
0 0 I support net neutrality... As a citizen we should have all the rights to access the websites whatever we feel to ; To gain the knowledge around the world. Dont want any telecom service to take charge of those .. 
0 0 I support Net neutrality 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
1 0 We need true net neutrality that is being able to access all content on the internet at the same monetary rates/ usage charges. All content should be allocated equal bandwidth with no discrimination whatsoever. 
0 0 I support NET NEUTRALITY. 
0 0 I don't want telecom companies charging me extra for different services or websites!! Internet packs are enough already! I don't want to pay for selected services! I should be able to access absolutely anything with the data pack I have! #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov 
0 0 I support#NetNeutrality. All online traffic should be treated equally 
0 0 When i say i want to access internet , i should have right to access any website on internet without paying anything extra . i will pay for the MBs or GBs but i should not be further restricted to access only those websites which telecom companies wants us to access. 
0 0 I don't want telecom companies charging me extra for different services or websites!! Internet packs are enough already! I don't want to pay for selected services! I should be able to access absolutely anything with the data pack I have! 
0 0 Net neutrality is a must to ensure freedom of speech and innovation. One one hand opinions formed, shared and discussed should be free of coercion. Like wise the internet should provide everyone an equal opportunity to provide services to customers without regard to alignment to a network provider at any point in the internet (thank but no thanks to FB) A free internet can push us Indians into an age of knowledge that will serve as backbone to freedom, democracy and wealth. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality! The Internet has become more of a utility rather than a commodity. It should be charged by quantity, just like water or electricity. Services are moving online, things like online government applications, e-governance and so on, things like bill payment, e-commerce, all of these have become part of lifestyle, and have become a necessity like as electricity. The internet is a medium of to express ideas, it upholds freedom of speech. NetNeutrality empowers INDIANS! #MyGov 
0 0 I support Net neutrality 
0 0 I support 
0 0 Government is in top gear, Opposition is in top gear, At least INTERNET should remain neutral.. People are learning from their mobile phones. Now this is SIN if you tell them to learn that and if you want to learn this.. Pay additional charges... #netneutrality 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality .Net Neutrality is real Globalisation. Don't hamper INDIA'S development. 
0 0 I am in support of complete net neutrality . 
0 0 Yes I Wants 
0 0 There should not be any restriction. Net neutrality should be there in India. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. All online traffic should be treated equally. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I am in support of complete net neutrality . 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I support#NetNeutrality. All online traffic should be treated equally 
0 0 all members want internet 
0 0 Our government must implement TRUE net neutrality, not thePESUDO net neutrality as defined by telecom companies. All apps/websites should be treated equally and no preference should be given to any app/website. No privilege should be given to a website/app that pays Trai to have users browse its content for free. Citizens of India have already struggled a lot in the earlier Licence Raj. The government should not go back to the Licence Raj, by avoiding licensing for services like Whatsapp, Skype. 
0 0 Net Neutrality is extremely important to the learning India - Not just the youth but all ages. Net Neutrality it has to be!!! 
0 0 I am in support of #NetNeutrality. What we browse on the internet or what service we use should be none of the concerns of the ISP's. We do not want the telecom's controlling the internet. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 We demand complete net neutrality and not something that the telecom companies define.#NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support net neutrality. Telecom companies should not be the one to decide what to watch or not. India is a free country and so as its citizens. Incurring extra charges on services like whatsapp, skype or viber etc. is meaningless. 
0 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Not access to everyone. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens. 
0 0 #NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov This Is change the face of india. I support 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality: What we all want 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 we need to radiate the knowledge and spirit of that power among our promising youth who are going to be the stakeholders in future.Indians are not anymore indians,they are noe turned truly global,the world look upon our youth for creative ideas and promising thoughts....so we need freedom,freedom of thought,creativity and knowldge....WE NEED A NEUTRALITY IN THE INTERNET SPACE 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
1 0 I support#NetNeutrality. All online traffic should be treated equally 
0 0 All apps service or websites must be equally accessible to public.If ISPs start charging based on sites and contents this will discourage new entrepreneurs form exploring new business ideas due to lack of financial backing to compete with the deep pocket giants Sites paying ISP's for free public access would include the cost in there end services thus discouraging the internet usage for booking tickets,shopping paying utility bills and many more 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I am in support of complete net neutrality . 
0 0 The principle of net neutrality should be sacrosanct to allow unhampered innovation and development of startups industry. Instead of licensing the OTT applications, the telecom licensing policy needs to be liberalized so that cost arbitrage between telecom voice calls and VoIP services is removed. Government can support the creation of telecom infrastructure in the country by recognizing telecom connectivity as public good, just like physical connectivity through roads. I support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 I am in support of complete net neutrality . 
0 0 I am in favour of #NetNeutrality. It should not be ISP providers' concern as how should we use it or which website we should visit. I support OTP system for overall security of the country including financial transaction without compromising on #NetNeutrality. The OTP system should not, however, be taken as an excuse to dilute citizens' rights over the larger goal of net-neutrality. I believe that #MyGov can simultaneously achieve the twin objectives of affordability and #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 he DoT Report noted that a free and open Internet, available to all Indian citizens, is key to our country's future. Despite that, telcos are already violating net neutrality and endangering that future. The Govt should pass regulation immediately to protect net neutrality in India - the status quo of mere promises is not enough. The Govt must commit to protecting net neutrality in law in India. Don't take 5 years to decide this 
0 0 We want real net neutrality. Not the ones defined by the telecom companies. Equal traffic for all websites irrespective. Pls save net neutrality. Thank you. 
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. 
0 0 I support netneutrality in the way as it is today. Every website/app/content out there should have the same priority of being accessed. 
0 0 We want real net neutrality. Not the ones defined by the telecom companies. Equal traffic for all websites irrespective. Pls save net neutrality. Thank you. 
0 0 ACTO's Comment on Net Neutrality Report. 
0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites 
0 0 I support#NetNeutrality. All online traffic should be treated equally. 
0 0 I Support#NetNeutrality 
0 0 I m in support of net neutrality 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality: What we all want 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 I support #netneutrality 
0 0 Full net neutrality is a must, no PESUDO net neutrality. 
0 0 I do support #NetNeutrality, but not as per the telecom operator's rules and regulations. All of the internet must be accessible to everybody at all time. We don't want licensing fot watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality and definitely not in favour of any kind of zero rating plan. 
1 0 I support #netneutrality 
0 0 1. No difference in Tariff should be allowed for different websites. 2. I Dont want telcos to control what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing for whatsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
1 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites. 2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. 3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use 
0 0 I support #Net Neutrality,  but anyone can access anything on internet without extra charge. It should be kept internet free. 
0 0 #Trai, we want the #NetNeutrality, but the real net neutrality not the one defined by the telecom companies... we do not want telcos controlling what we access on internet and you could not charge differently for different websites.... we should be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.. we do not want licences for different social networking sites... 
0 0 I support #netneutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality,I Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies,I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time.JAI HIND. 
0 0 Share Your Views...yes l support #netneutrality 
0 0 i support #netneutrality and should be implemented 
0 0 I strongly support Net neutrality. 
1 0 1. No difference in Tariff should be allowed for different websites. 2. I Dont want telcos to control what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing for whatsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
1 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet, they cannot charge differently for different websites/apps. 
1 0 Yes i support net neutrality #netneutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. 
1 0 Yes i support. 
0 0 #netneutrality is what we need. Dont snatch our rights away. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality. In an independent country, there can't be indirect restrictions on the users to use only their network, by providing freebies like rate zero, internet.org etc. Everyone should be able to access their own required websites with no conditions apply. That's a true neutrality. 
0 0 I support NET NEUTRALITY.Dont want telecom operators to decide what I want to watch 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality,it should be our right that every site has same charge 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality as in true Indian.. I have a right to browse whatever content I want and Telecom companies cannot charge for each individual. I want to see Nation free from this concept forever. 
0 0 I do support net neutrality. Please make internet free. 
0 0 Why is that, Airtel is always found on the other side of the road. The Mobile companies are benefiting from the Govt. policies, they are anyhow earning good but still they have hunger to loot people, those people who had elected the Govt and from the Govt. they(companies) are benefiting. Thee govt didnt discriminate when Mobile licences were allotted. Instead if Net was a Concern then the Govt should have made these companies pay more for each and every service they provide related to Internet. 
0 0 #NetNeutrality Telecom operators should not define our policies. Everyone should be able to access anything on the internet at the same cost, regardless of whether it is a call, video or a game. 
0 0 I SUPPORT #NetNeutrality....Net operators should not control Internet 
0 0 1. I dont want the net neutrality defined by telecom operators. I want real net neutrality. 2. All the contents in internet should be free for anyone, any time and anywhere. 3. There should be no licensing for any product on internet like games, apps etc. 4. There should be no extra charge for any content on the internet. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. I do not want the telecom operators to decide which websites should I see and Which service should I use. Request #TRAI to take a proper decision. 
0 0 I support net neutrality but its true definition that is anyone can access anything on internet without extra charge. 
0 0 I support to #net neutrality. Because everyone have freedom to use internet in this democratic India no need to license. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. But Telecom Companies should not be the ones to decide how. 
1 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 1. We Dont Want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. I Dont want telcos controlling what i access on the internet. 3. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people, all the time. 4. Access to everything on internet and not just select parts of the internet. 5. We don't want licensing fro watsapp viber, or any other app we use. 
1 0 I support net neutrality...ISP should not decide my net speed 
0 0 please review those countries which have allowed net neutrality in past and how they are functioning. please do not damage the county's image of being a developing country which has evolved and is evolving using internet as a platform. to continue such growth and help the poor people of nation internet is a cheap and reliable source so please do not hamper this thinking. 
1 0 I SUPPORT #NetNeutrality. I don't want telecom companies to charge me differently according to the content i am accessing online. Government and TRAI should not succumb to Telecom companies and give a verdict favoring Net Neutrality. 
0 0 I have not read the Net Neutrality Committee Report in its entirety. I have however read the summary note on recommendations. I agree with the recommendations of the report as given in the summary note. I would like that there be no discrimination based on the content/website that the end users may want to access. This also includes most OTT services. As far as VoIP and internet based messaging services go, they should be subject to the same regulations and license requirements as the TSPs. 
0 0 i support....but, there should be govt regulations.... 
0 0 1. I dont want the net neutrality defined by telecom operators. I want real net neutrality. 2. All the contents in internet should be free for anyone, any time and anywhere. 3. There should be no licensing for any product on internet  like games, apps etc. 4. There should be no extra charge for any content on the internet. 
0 0 Net neutrality must be there, there should be no charges accordingly the way we browse. We do not want to pay differently for different sites and content. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality 
0 0 i support net neutrality....because all people should be used....this is our right 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. But Telecom Companies should not be the ones to decide how. 
0 0 Yes. . . I support #NetNeautrality . . . i support #MyGov. . . but i want freedom to access anything without any extra charge or restriction. . . 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality.. Its free country and we all have rights on Net Neutrality... Telecom company can't charge on basis of site but only the basis of uses of bandwidth. They are not concern about the real time bandwidth which they claim but they are more concerned about making profit out of less resources and efforts. 
0 0 I support net neutrality. This is a no brainer. 
0 0 We should be allowed to access net without any charge or restrictions whatsoever 
0 0 I support  #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality.... 
1 0 Why should I pay different charges for different applications or websites. Being on single operator I would like to process my things in a better manner. We are a developing country and for the development to reach every doorstep we need services that make the future better not that they eat us up. I am in support of #netneutrality. Possibly like this one day #TRAI will charge for per message sent.. Just a way downward thinking rather than stepping forward. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality as I don't want telecom service providers charge extra according to the content I wish to access. #TRAI #MyGov 
0 0 i support #NetNeautrality ... I do not want the telecom companies to decide my internet freedom 
0 0 NET NEUTRALITY should only mean - full access to anyone to anything, any website, any app without any differentiation between them on any basis. We should be free to access what we wish to. 
0 0 I support net neutrality 
0 0 IAMAI Submission 
1 0 I support net neutrality. Please don't let facebook and other billion dollar companies curb the freedom of our citizens to access information online. Telecom and internet giants have the ulterior motive of increasing profits and their doing this under the guise of free internet. All websites should be on an equal footing. One shouldn't have to pay different rates for different websites. Why r they imposing this model on us Indians? 
0 0 Dear #TRAI, If India has to continue its growth towards Development. We have to support #NetNeutrality, already we face several challenges related to differences in Economic, Cultural, Religious, Regional situation. By imposing new rules to support Telecom companies profit please don't create a new discrimination on way we use Technology, either by favoring some websites or blocking and freedom to make calls on apps. Profits are for companies are for short term but Freedom of people is Forever. 
0 0 i support #NetNeautrality ... I do not want the telecom companies to decide my internet freedom 
0 0 Yes I support free intenet and I dont want to pay for using net 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality as I don't want telecom service providers charge extra according to the content I wish to access. #TRAI #MyGov 
0 0 Respected Government authorities I support the net neutrality which is define that nothing should be in control of the telecom authority. Everything on the internet should be accessible. There should be no licence scheme for the application like whatsapp, viber, skype for domestic calling. Telecom companies should charge for the only internet usage not for particular websites. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. I dont know why are we even discussing this. Pick up any citizen of India. Who wont want his/her Internet usage to be decided by himself/herself.Talking big of democracy as a nation, and what the citizens are at the verge of losing is even the freedom to access internet or use a particular app of their choice. Why should we even allow telcos to become dictators. Just because they are struggling to abide by "Survival of the cheapest" rule. NOT HAPPENING TELCOS! 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality.. No airtel zeo plan No internet.org, Please do not favor any one organization like facebook/Rilence internet.org. It's basically demolishing our right to choose... 
0 0 I m proud to be an INDIAN. And I m very  hpy becoz my government is going to take serious action against telecommunications company. NET NEUTRALITY must be followed by all companies... I m with the government.. 
0 0 I support net neutrality and should be able to access anything and everything on the internet and would not want telecoms to restrict the access of contents by giving free access to only certain apps. 
1 0 We need net neutrality. It has been 68 years after attaining INDEPENDENCE. we are the world largest democracy No one should be take away the freedom we have today to access any site or the OTT application that what makes India a great democratic Nation.#NetNeutrality 
0 0 I want net neutrality 
0 0 Yes I support net neutrality. Do not dilute the definition of net neutrality and do not let the telecom companies define net neutrality. Everyone should be able to access everything on the internet. 
0 0 India is developing country, we need more freedom of Information and excess at zero cost. Why telecom industry is thinking of this Internet as source of revenue instead of focusing on main source of revenue? I request GOI to have entire major cities with wifi enables with free interest access irrespect to website, URL access. 
0 0 I support net neutrality!! 
0 0 #NetNeutrality I Want my internet to be free platform, when i buy a internet pack means i want anything available on internet rather be a app or anything without any restriction. We users should not pay extra for this app or the that app. Equality in surfing Internet is our right. Internet is our right not on telcos payrolls. If we pay 100% we need 100%  without any differentiation . I regret if any govt. agency like TRAI or Telecom. minister do not understand this. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality as I don't want telecom service providers charge extra  according to the content I wish to access. #TRAI #MyGov 
0 0 i support net neutrality! i do not want to pay separately for each website.! that is my right 
0 0 yes i support net neutrality. No conditions apply business here... 
0 0 I think net neutrality should only be free for payment of government taxes and revenues rather giving free for everything. 
0 0 In support @Net Neutrality 
0 0 Yes I support net naturally We have need free net naturally for some selected websites So it is necessary for all people 
0 0 I SUPPORT #NetNeutrality. I don't want telecom companies to charge me differently according to the content i am accessing online. Government and TRAI should not succumb to Telecom companies and give a verdict favoring Net Neutrality. 
0 0 Dear #TRAI, If India has to continue its growth towards Development. We have to support #NetNeutrality, already we face several challenges related to differences in Economic, Cultural, Religious, Regional situation. By imposing new rules to support Telecom companies profit please don't create a new discrimination on way we use Technology, either by favoring some websites or blocking and freedom to make calls on apps. Profits are for companies are for short term but Freedom of people is Forever 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality I do not want the telecom companies to decide my internet freedom 
0 0 I do not support #NetNutrality.Why should I pay again If I am paying to the service provider! 
0 0 I SUPPORT NETNEUTRALITY,BECAUSE IT IS OUR FREEDOM & WE DONT WANT TO PAY FOR IT. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality... 
0 0 I SUPPORT #NetNeutrality and want to access internet freely. 
0 0 I SUPPORT #NetNeutrality and want to access internet freely. 
0 0 Even if the internet is not free, there should be neutrality for all websites. If government have plans to provide free internet , don't give the rights to any particular company, let the government itself do it so that there will be netneutraliy. 
0 0 Do not dilute the definition of net neutrality and do not let the telecom companies define net neutrality. Everyone should be able to access everything on the internet. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia 
1 0 We need net neutrality in great agility. It has been 62 years after attaining INDEPENDENCE. No one should be governing the government. 
1 0 I support net neutrality and want to access net freely and as I want.I don't want any company to decide what I can access what not. 
2 0 I want Internet free from any restrictions.I support net neutrality.Internet is about freedom of all people across all country.#ISupportNetNeutrality 
1 0 I support net neutrality 
0 0 I support net neutrality and not the plan designed by telecom companies. i want complete freedom from licensing of apps like whatsapp and viber. And I want everyone should be able to access internet from anywhere anytime and without any extra charges. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality, Telecoms should not decide who we should and should not pay for, I should have complete access to any website/app that I use and should not be made to pay for it. No paid licenses should be drawn out for apps/websites, they should continue the same structure they have been using. 
0 0 Net Neutrality , the original definition states that we get to access what ever we need for free not according to the modified definition stated by money hungry service providers. The service providers have no right to block any content or website or slow its access no matter the origin of the contents of the website, we want the original definition of net neutrality to be implemented not modified version that is stated to miss guide the Indian citizens to accept it 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality. I believe the telecom companies should not be able to decide what is free content and what is payable. There should be free access to all sites and no licensing on apps like watsapp, skype, viber etc. I dont want to pay for using the apps. I want the existing arrangement to continue as the way it is wherein i access a site/app as per my discretion 
1 0 “I like the internet the way it is. I don’t wish to pay for each website I will visit and I agree to the opinion that all the sites must be treated equally” 
0 0 #NetNeutrality can really boosts our #India's new Initiative by PM narendra modi #Startup India-Standup India, particularlly in the fields of digital services 
1 0 We definitely support freedom of internet!! #NetNeutrality #TRAI #MyGov 
1 0 We should have the right to access all content across the web without restrictions of money or speed.govt. Should think about people .everyone wants net neutrality i support full #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #netneutrality... The govt. talks about india being the world's most fastest developing country and celebrated independence day and all they wabt is to cripple the youth and their technical talent through this . i hope they will think of making profit from something else other than "free internet". 
1 0 I support #NetNeutrality. and please the greedy telecom operators, dont try to manipulate us. Stop telling us the "new" definition of net neutrality. U see,people are not that fool. We know what it really means.. " to be able to access internet ..EVERYTHING on the internet by EVERYONE" I dont want u guys to decide what i can access on internet! I DO NOT WANT TO PAY SEPARATE RATES FOR DIFFERENT WEBSITES OR PAY FOR ONLY APPS I USE. I already pay for an internet connection. 
0 0 We Dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We dont want licencing for whatsapp viber skype or any other app we use. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. ISPs should not be in the business of favoring particular companies or apps. They provide a service and we pay for that service. For every byte. Beyond that, it should be none of their concern as to what I use the bandwidth for. 
1 0 1--Redefine Net neutrality -as defined by Internet users & not Telcos. 2--Telcos can`t decide what users watch or selectively charge for content which users watch. 3--Access to all of internet for all the people for all the time. 4-- No licensing for apps we use. 
0 0 I just want what's fair. Internet was never meant to be divided into sections. The prices for providing 3g data is already high enough and so will 4g be after it hits the market, so why charge for separate websites too ? I support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 We need net neutrality in true sense. It should not be governed by telecom giant. sites  should be available across all telecom company's network, 
0 0 Because of the character limit and not allowing to comment again in here, I will be straight: A few weeks ago when TRAI had asked for opinions, I had sent email in which I explained necessity of Net Neutrality in context of right to life and personal liberty law provides in article 21, constitution of India. My entire email is available at : www.blog.aastikbhatt.com . I am also attaching pdf copy of it with this comment. (Replace TRAI with GOVERMENT) I hope government maintains Net Neutrality. 
0 0 We should not allow the telecom companies or other major enterprises to define what net neutrality is. Net neutrality's true definition is to make everything (all sites) accessible to everyone, without discrimination.Telcos shouldn't determine separate prices for different sites or different features - They shouldn't separately charge for different sites or services like VOIP.providing internet for free is fine as long as it's extended to all sites. #NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunication 
0 0 India is a country with 23.6% of its population under the poverty line. The current Govt scheme helps even THESE people access the internet - a basic need in the current world. Channels like AIB are adding prejudice to people against this. If you wish to continue having access to all the sites, it will be just the same as it is now. The real impact will be for the people who can't afford even the meager amount. 
0 0 We should have the right to access all content across the web without restrictions of money or speed. i support full #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support True Net Neutrality - where in by principle, Internet service providers and Government Authorities should consider all data access on the Internet equally, not charging differentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication. #isupporttruenetneutrality. Make this happen, we were not given all access internet from 1998 to now be restricted to limited access in 2015!! 
0 0 I like the internet the way it is. I don’t wish to pay for each website I will visit and I agree to the opinion that all the sites must be treated equally 
0 0 I support net neutrality. govt. Should think about people .everyone wants net neutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 everyone should have a right to access internet freely. there should not be any limitations on the websites one can access. 
0 0 again after 68 year of independence .. we are again going to ruled by such policies ..!!! please make internet free... for every one ..!! I support net neturality 
0 0 No website should have 'special' access on the internet just because they can pay huge money. Let us not give unnecessary control to the telecom operators and the websites. Let us keep the internet open to all. 
0 0 We want net neutrality in true sense where all sites are accesible without any varying costs.Websites and Applications should not be subjected to licensing. 
0 0 Price Discrimination is illegal on a case-case basis as governed competition act 2002 specifically Section 3(anti competitive agt) and 4(abuse of dominant position)....S3(3)(a) provides for an exception in case the price fixing arrangement results in increase in efficiency... Thus, net neutrality may not be rigidly imposed but price fixing agreements should not distort free competition in the market. Further, dominant players cannot abuse their dominance so as to prevent entry to new players 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality. We should have free access to all the websites and applications should not be subject to licensing. 
0 0 in the age when we are discussing about free wi-fi and internet. how a dual standard on net neutrality can be supported??? When all consumers are paying a handsome amount for 3G or 2G packs on monthly basis or package basis then there should not be any confusion that from that pack what we are operation and what not? I support net neutrality and government should not give any question on it. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality We should have free access to all the websites and applications should not be subject to licensing.No mobile or other company or Govt. should decide what gets priority 
1 0 i am in favour of Netneutrality because i don't want telecom companies to control what i access on the internet, i don't want to be charged differently for different websites and i want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more. 
1 0 We have the right access all content across the web without restrictions of money or speed. And innovators and small companies and businesses across India have the right to let their content be seen by the public without mediators taking a share of what is rightfully theirs. Net Neutrality matters in an age of information. #NetNeutrality #TRAI 
1 0 It is an unfortunate to see responsible agencies like #TRAI attempting to shift the goalposts in the #NetNeutrality debate. Internet exits not because of the benevolence of social media or even ISP's. The reason why these entities exist is because there was a neutral and fair cyber world. Government and #MyGov should not play into the hands of these companies and interest groups who want to change the rules of the game for their benefit. I support complete #NetNeutrality, in its actual meaning. 
0 0 Restricting internet is like giving service Which is not of use or which will benefit only service providers not end users..as for our new generation internet is everything It is KNOWLEDGE,FRIEND ,SOCIAL NEED,STATUS, DREAM/AMBITION to pursue something it should not be COMPROMISED..And Pace of DIGITAL INDIA will be halved if these silly things are inserted in between for sake of bunch of service providers/money. I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 There are different definitions on Net Neutrality,however one common charges across all the websites/etc without additional charges. Telecom companies should have the rights to decide the charges. However, all the telecom companies should agree to provide seamless bandwidth across the region where they cover their services. Hope this will help. 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 We want net neutrality which is not define by telecommunications companies in which only few selected sites are free we want we can do surfing on any site without any charges Bcoz this companies are now charging very high charges and they have fixed upper limit in their data plans(speed) but not lower limits ......... 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality We should have free access to all the websites and applications should not be subject to licensing. 
0 0 My views on the issues under consideration of the committee are: a. Licensing of VoIP: It would be wrong to license these services which themselves are free for customers. The Government did not create the enabling medium for exclusive VoIP use. The spectrum and the ISPs are already paying a charge for the medium. If today it is VoIP, with the same logic, even Google search may be licensed. b. The COAIs version of net neutrality is unacceptable and creating an exclusive free platform is wrong. 
0 0 yes I support #Net_Neutrality. aadarniya pradhan mantri sahab hum swatantra bharat ke swatantra nagrik he.Hme Internet ke sabhi sadhno ka barabri se upyog karna chahte he.Hme kisi ek webside ko kholne ke liye badhya nhi kiya jaye.hme aajad nagrik hi rhne diya jay. jai bharat jai hind... 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 Why should there be disparity based on services. By not having net neutrality, companies and service providers can work hand in glove and impart unfair fares on their competitors there by leaving consumers with no choice.we will b in the trp set by telecom companies which can be anything such as price hike,promoting a e commerce site which is not great as others etc. So i want #NetNeutrality 
1 0 We should be able to have free access to all the sites and applications should not be subject to licensing. #realnetneutrality 
1 0 Original definition of net neutrality is "everyone has right to access anything on the internet" not "everyone has right to access the internet". Please don't change the definition. We don't want to charge different for different services; all need to be charge same, as every single byte of data is of same size then why price is different. WE WANT NET #neutrality . 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality, internet should be open for all and should not be charged extra. 
0 0 Internet is basic right of every individual who wants to know and connect to the world by way of connecting with various people across continents. if the internet is restricted or banned then how can the people understand the meaning of living in a free world is? is there answers for this?? or do the ISPs and companies want to show that we are still living in a pre independence era???? Lets make this world available to connect to each other instead of restricting to each other. 
1 0 I want complete net neutrality and not the plan by telecom companies. I do not support licensing of apps like whatsapp and viber. And I want everyone to be able to access internet free of cost anytime anywhere,. 
0 0 We are the world's largest democracy. Democracy! No crony capitalism please. Every bit of data is the same, regardless of its source. Let's keep it that way. I fully support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Sir, Net Neutrality according to us means FREEDOM TO ACCESS ANY SITE, ANYTIME with the same DATA PLAN. WE do not want net neutrality's definition from ISP's, SNS. I SUPPORT NET NEUTRALITY IN THE SENSE WE MUST NOT BE DISCRIMINATED FROM SURFING ANY SITE ACCORDING TO ISP's.       Yours Faithfully, Ashish Agarwal. 
0 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 i am in favour of #netneutrality 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality, internet should be open for all and should not be charged extra. As we pay already to telcom companies by doing recharge for internet usage. Then why should we pay again extra for accessing other websites of our choice. If we do not have real NN then sure I will never believe I am not living in free country. If NN is not kept then will never ever chose this Gov again. Neither I would like to stay in my own country. I support Net Neutrality the real one. 
0 0 Telcos should not get control over what should and what should not be free on the Internet. Everyone should have the right to access everything without having to pay anything extra. NO to dictatorship.... YES to DEMOCRACY.... NO TO SLAVERY..... YES TO FREEDOM..... 
0 0 We do not want Net Neutrality to be defined by Facebook and telecom companies! We should be able to access everything without money. 
0 0 Why should there be disparity based on services. By not having net neutrality, companies and service providers can work hand in glove and impart unfair fares on their competitors there by leaving consumers with no choice. So i want #NetNeutrality 
0 0 Free, unrestricted access to the world wide web I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 We are not ready to accept the modified defination of the net neutrality presented by the telecom provider we want free , unrestricted net neutrality in which i can access anything i want can use any app i want 
0 0 I'm running a small website, I can't afford paying internet providers for including my site on their free/less charged Internet plans. People will have to pay more to access these kind of non-corporate websites/mobile-apps. I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 WE WANT NET NEUTRALITY....BEFORE 1947 BRITISHERS RULED INDIA , NOW COMPANIES RULING INDIA... WHAT A SHAME 
2 0 1. I DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. 2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet. 3. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use. 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to every Indian citizen 
0 0 We want net neurality to be implemented in true sense of net neurality, meaning 1. Net neutrality is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally, not discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication. 2. Different charging content or licensing apps like whatsapp, viber will negatively hamper the innovation in India. 
0 0 we dont want #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecome companies as nobody wants be controlled by someone else for what he/she wants access 
0 0 Dear Government Of India, We are requesting you to apply "Net Neutrality". But it should be applied by using its actual definition i.e.Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the internet" not that is being described by the telecom operators i.e. "Everyone should be able to access the internet". We don't want telecom operators to control what we access on the internet. We want to access anything at anytime, without having to pay more for it separately. We support #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 I support Net Neutrality, internet should be open for all and should not be charged extra. As we pay already to telcom companies by doing recharge for internet usage. Then why should we pay again extra for accessing other websites of our choice. If we do not have real NN then sure I will never believe I am not living in free country. If NN is not kept then will never ever chose this Gov again. Neither I would like to stay in my own country. I support Net Neutrality the real one. 
0 0 i support net neutrality that allow us to access everything on internet anywhere without paying extra money for a particular browsing. we also don't want licencing of whatsapp viber skype. they all are already a vital part of our social life. Plz don't try to make benefits by destroying existing scenario. Please hoohke exact meaning of net neutrality rather than taking new definition from telecom operators. Thanks #netneutrality 
0 0 I Support #Netneutrality 
0 0 Nobody has a right to charge extra for user data and control what the people want to access. Internet is a vast source for acquiring knowledge and enlightenment of people leading to the development of the country. The common man should be able to access all the websites w/o any extra charges .Things like this is a cause of hinderance for our country's development.US have supported net neutrality then why can't India have the same for its common man.  #TRAI should take this into consideration 
1 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYONE and EVERYTHING without discrimination. Telecom operators Cannot/Should not Define/Change the definition of Net Neutrality. We do not want creation of private walled gardens of the internet. If digital India is true to be realized. We want all to have a fair chance to succeed without having to partner with the some Telecom or some government representative to decide what is or can be on the internet and what cannot. 
0 0 net neutrality is to be considered as a right to every indian and not to be controled by some greedy companies so i support net neutrality 
1 0 i support net neutrality that allow us to access everything on internet anywhere without paying extra money for a particular browsing. we also don't want licencing of whatsapp viber skype. they all are already a vital part of our social life. Plz don't try to make benefits by destroying existing scenario. Please hoohke exact meaning of net neutrality rather than taking new definition from telecom operators. Thanks #netneutrality 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 
0 0 We do not want any operator to change for text/voice sent through internet as they already charge heavily for the data packs. It would be unfair for consumers. We support netneutrality. 
1 0 As being the part of the world's largest domocracy,it's our moral oblization to uphold the basic principle of internet i.e. Net Neutrality.So we are totally against it and expect that the government will take our concern with sincerity and upholds our rights of free accessing of any apps,sites etc. without providing unnecessay favourism to some of them. 
0 0 The American Army had created internet for their own communication, realizing it's potential they had declared it free for universities and general use of the public. If they themselves are not charging it what right does GOV of India has to charge it. Let it be free, it is an ocean of knowledge for those who are keen to discover and learn. Think about the growth your decision will hamper, please think about the students and families who will not be able to afford it. 
1 0 Telecom operators are changing the meaning of Net Neutrality. I want an internet which is not controlled by Telecom operators. Where I have equal access to EVERYTHING  on the net. 
0 0 I Support #NetNeutrality 
1 0 Yes! Any thing on net should be accessible without any discremination. 
0 0 Its kind of censorship on data that can be hugely utilized if open to everybody. 
0 0 I support net neutrality.... 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality. I dont want telecom companies to charge differently for different websites access 
2 0 Dear Indian Government, We all only request you to apply Net Neutrality but with its actual definition i.e. "Everyone should be able to access EVERYTHING on the internet" not that is being described by the telecom operators i.e. "Everyone should be able to access the internet". So overall we only want you to follow the actual meaning of #NetNeutrality. I hope my comment would help you. 
0 0 I support #netneutrality. 
1 0 i support net neutrality that allow us to access everything on internet anywhere without paying extra money for a particular browsing. we also don't want licencing of whatsapp viber skype. they all are already a vital part of our social life. Plz don't try to make benefits by destroying existing scenario. 
0 0 I support net neutrality.... 
1 0 I support Net Neutrality. I dont want telecom companies to charge differently for different websites access. The Telecom companies has invented their own definition of net neutrality for their profit but we support the actual #NetNeutrality. 
0 0 Congrats on the 69th independence of India. Nowadays it’s a technology based world, and we live in new technology INDIA, and we should be proud of that. So, people should be allowed to access anything on the internet anytime anywhere. Internet is a place full of new things left to know but it’s also a palace. People share new stuffs, works, artworks, blog, tutorial videos, everything on the net. Please don't let this happen. Everyone should be able to access the net freely and free of cost. 
0 0 I want the actual #NetNeutrality where we can have access to any websites we want without having to may more for using any different sites. I also don't want any licensing of apps like viber,whatsapp,skype, etc. 
0 0 Support Net-Neutrality:- All bits are same. We do not want to pay different rates for different bits. We do not want to pay different charges for visiting different websites. We will just pay the telecos for connecting us to the Internet. Net Neutrality - the principle that Internet service providers should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source, and without favoring or blocking particular site at same price and speed. 