1 0 A very great initiative
3 0 Nobody knows that government is planning such good thing for them , just make people aware that such portal is being prepared by government .Khoya paya ,suggestions and good wishes will start comming automatically .
0 0 it's a very very very good portal for public of India, thanks to our best p.m.,but after registering on this app I know about it.
please advertise this best portal in public
1 1 children are smart and they are the role model of their own.they can successfully achieve success with intelligence and diligence. let us take initiatives to make their bright and let them grow and learn.your government has taken serious step about safety of children.
16 2 सुझाव
37 1 There is a probability of the details of missing/found child on the KhoyaPaya website being misused by unscruplous elements. Therefore, adequate safeguards needs to be built in for access to website data. For Registration / login on KhoyaPaya website , providing details of Goverment ID cards like PAN Card, Aadhaar, Election I D Card should be mandatory. The details (number) provided by the individual should be checked with the master database of the respective authority to ensure authenticity.
7 1 Today's children are tomorrows citizens.They are the country's asset.In these days , the children are gone missing in our society and the number of children are lessening.Many of them ends up their life due to Poverty,Unemployement and other factors.Some children,Even the govt has declared of child labour , many of the children below 20 years are seen working in factories , hotels and in  many other bad environment.This should be banned by the govt.
16 1 Make CHILDERN SMART CARD from 5 to16 age which can track the chid activity and incedent shall occured with them....its can helpfullfor to stop criminally and socially.
8 0 MODI SIR u have suggested that we have track every child that they should taking there education propery or not....so, i lke to say ypu please make childeren smart card which will 5  to16 age that can track the child activity...and easy to identify them if some offences shall carried.
19 1 process of posting a missing Child Complaint should be very easy. Clear Photo, Last seen at and a Aaadhar No.(as aadhar has everything it will be easier to track Address and parents). 
To Find Missing Child,Help of social Media is a good idea, but sometimes people wont share it back as they feel it might be old post or fake one.Post must have written Date missing from which locality and a Khoyapaya logo with Registered case ID No on photo.
Spread on Pcs, Mobiles and Railway Platform Tv's.
11 0 खोयापाया के अंतर्गत उन सभी मासूम बच्चों की ठीक से जाँच की जाय जोकि माहनगरो में विशेषकर दिल्ली में सड़क किनारे व् धार्मिक स्थलों के पास भीख मांगते दिखाई पड़ते है वो कहींन कही किसी बड़ी साजिश के शिकार मासूम बच्चे है उनका DNA टेस्ट कर जाँच की जाये कही वो बच्चे किसी गिरोह में क़ैद तो नहीं हैं DNA test से उनके वास्तविक माता पिता का पता लगाना चाहीए
9 0 Such type of web portal must periodically most preferably every week update following important information:
a) Details of reports filed in police stations for the  lost child and the police stations falling in that region.
b) Identity of lost child i.e. photo,family to which it belongs, address.
b) Details of found children in heirless condition along with the police station of that     region.
Thus above information may be disseminated to a large number of people in a quick way.
4 0 and that receipt no will helpful for  farmers to track their right value that aadhti sold in market. Farmers can get the information what values they are getting from the market when the value sold by aadhti in market. IF aadhti get the higher price for that good then he should give the more retrun value to farmer. Please look into that and involve some IT department to create these type of website further. May it can be helpful for our farmers to save their rights.promote digitalIndiasavefarmer
2 1 Hi Sir,Please make some website for farmer for there good's value. On that site arrangement should be like collection of good from their home and provide them computrized receipt for their good's purchase. today like Farmer will go to the market(aadhti) and sell their good. But may they are not giving the proper receipt to him for their good's value. If we are able to make some system for selling goods by farmer and computerized receipt will be provide them. Cont in next post......
1 2 On 26th Apr 15 in mann ki baat speech the Respected PM Mr Narendra Damodardas Modi put emphasize on Mayla mathe per dona (people carrying dirt on head).
If he is so concern about upliftment of SUCH PERSONS then why he is not making provision for reservation of such class people in the LOK SHABHA, RAJYA SABHA, STATE VIDHAN SABHA, MILITARY etc etc etc ..............
Dear PM MR NARENDRA DAMODARDAS MODI SIR, have you explanation or just a speech.
1 0 Children is the future of India. If any child is missing then we are missing a lot of energy. So we have to promote a special department for missing children.
2 0 we have to open every village child lost office that will be easy to us find the child
0 0 It's a great initative.missing children photo and name can be shared here...Will bring police..civil society on a single platform,ngo like bacpan bachao andolan can work in more efficient manner with coordination of administration,now missing people information is very haphazard..if I see a alone wondering children then I can search for his inf. On this web portal and with help of authorities he or she can be sent to his family back.
2 0 खोयापाया के अंतर्गत उन सभी मासूम बच्चों की ठीक से जाँच की जाय जोकि माहनगरो में विशेषकर दिल्ली में सड़क किनारे व् धार्मिक स्थलों के पास भीख मांगते  दिखाई पड़ते है वो कहींन कही किसी बड़ी साजिश के शिकार मासूम बच्चे है उनका DNA टेस्ट कर जाँच की जाये कही वो बच्चे किसी गिरोह में क़ैद तो नहीं हैं DNA test से उनके वास्तविक माता पिता का पता लगाना चाहीए
0 0 i not happy with all children is missing dute of police,s due found children
1 0 create a database of all those children along with their aadhar card number , including thier parents adharcard number also.(as it have info like...fingerprints..etc..in case to match them to identify the child and their parents)...
and simply match the data of children found...by the data of missing children.
5 0 #KhoyaPaya, collect bio-metric data for every new born now - just like done for Aadhar card. When any child found without a family, his/her biometric identity can be used to trace back the family.
We already have a database and technology available (through Aadhar card programme) to collect this, and maintain it. Make use of it.
1 0 khoya paya would be  aGreat help to the Inian citizens who have lost there near and dears >it could be used as clipboard for all over India central Data for the police department For this department make committe of all  the commissioner of police and a team of atleast 3 persons of the Indian states and UTs khoya paya should be there in all the transport hospital and It should be like Indian railways ticketing system CRIs The department should be weekly updated for the result
1 0 an independent govt. website may be created for "KhoyaPaya", on which all the data of missing children may be uploaded by the concerned police station, and on other hand any body can upload information regarding missing children. This will help to identify some of the missing children on one place i.e govt. web portal.
0 0 Make aadhar card compulsory for every citizen and give one device with chip to every citizen for GPS location which can be any form to carry every time. You will be having record of every citizen and you can locate them any time.
0 0 Two important measures:
1. Increase ratio of police personnel to population covered- this will also serve to curb unemployment problem and
2. Interconnection of all police stations to a central server with latest technology which can create sketch with increasing age of missing child.
0 0 #missing my life
1 0 Khoyapaya can be  a great initiative for the suffering children as well as there parents. I would like give some suggestions the police station of all over the country should be connected with khoyapaya, as well as a fixed team or group of police should be establish  to coordinates with all police station of the country at national level. Border forces should be involved to and given some power to stop trafficking of specially girl child and border forces again should be connected eith khoyapaya
1 0 Please come up with a National phone number to report a lost child (either missing or sighted).
This should be a hotline and manned 24x7.
The US has 1-800-the-lost.
Please consider the features offered in that site: http://www.missingkids.com/home
1 0 #missing angel
2 0 #finding baby
#missing my child
#missing my kid
1 0 missing my baby.
1 0 child alert.
1 0 Make aadhar card compulsory for every citizen and give one device with chip to every citizen for GPS location which can be any form to carry every time. You will be having record of every citizen and you can locate them any time.
1 0 Modi is the best pm of india but take care of Bihar education department . Edu Dep. Not for good us
3 1 On 26th Apr 15 in mann ki baat speech the Respected PM Mr Narendra Damodardas Modi put emphasize on Mayla mathe per dona (people carrying dirt on head).
If he is so concern about upliftment of SUCH PERSONS then why he is not making provision for reservation of such class people in the LOK SHABHA, RAJYA SABHA, STATE VIDHAN SABHA, MILITARY etc etc etc ..............
Dear PM MR NARENDRA DAMODARDAS MODI SIR, have you explanation or just a speech.
1 0 Central database for all the states , with image detection alogorithm , linked to CCTV around the country  is a must for an effective system
1 0 In this portal option to connect with social media will be added advantage as it aware the public of this portal and the lost found child as well."Government intervention in this type of project is appreciable"
2 0 We should create registration page ,there should be instruction page explaining how we are helpful and what should the both parties can do ,so that awareness can be spread to all over.Multiple pics add option should be given.So that pics of person/parents/relative and lost/found can be displayed.There should be Rewards system.also small headlines like news feeds should be displayed in the "Home" section.It will be added advantage if the person can online connect to the lost children relatives
0 0 first we find the reasons that why children leave school then we should take necessary steps against that reasons.first to aware their parents the importance of study. Second step is that the government should launch a policy that the student who pass matriculation he/she will get a literacy stiphen till he/she get a job
0 0 it should be like this the missing children can put on website with pictures and one who can find them will be rewarded.
0 0 I have a suggestion for Land acquisition, established industry or extract minerals is very important things for development of nation so, it’s can’t ignore.
If any industry, mines excluding railway establish in a particular land then he (Industry) will pay to land owner monthly of some percentage (5-15%) of Net Profit or at least greater than price of grain (Anaj) and till the industry serve or mines run and after closed the firm at related land then return the land of its owner.
1 0 people should be awared about website or facebook of missing people. if all the news channel spare only 5 minutes(10 times * 30 seconds) per day, sharing the  details about website, face book or any other souces of missing person.it will great help to the people for timely passing the message of missing and finding.
0 0 अगर हम हर शहर मे एक ऐसा कैम्प बनाये जहाॅ पर सडक किनारे भीख माग रहे बच्चो को रखे और कम्पनियो से छोटा मोटा काम लाकर उनको दे । और सरकार उनको खाने का लंगर लगा दे तो ये सडको पर भीख नही मागेगे । और भीख मागने को एक अपराध घोषित किया जाना चाहिये । चाहे वह जबरदस्ती हो या स्वेच्छा से । धन्यवाद ।
1 0 If a web with a facility of uploading photo will use full to the public to provide photo of begging children.similarly making of arrangement to post photos of missing children may mandatory with out any delay can be a helpful measure.
0 0 send all the details of missing children on facebook ids of the people of those local areas and start a helpline 24x7
0 0 There must be some web portal containing the details of missing children and also details of children found heir less near public places or roadside.
Also there should be some dedicated and specialized task force to recognize every single child begging nearby stations, temples, public places or roadside and send them to correction centers  or similar institutions as these may be the children lost and/or kidnapped intentionally by anti social elements.
1 0 1.The KHOYA-PAYA website should be an app version and it should be installed in the android phones of all police officers.
2.People in india use whatsapp and facebook in large nos. While they use apps,any of the installed apps (not any particular app) on their mobile phones,the images of lost children should be displayed in between.This will increase an awareness among them.
3.the app should be easy to understand.It should not demand high resolution and dpi while uploading an image.
4. 2-way.
1 0 As soon as a entry is registered for Lost or Found Child, that entry must be updated to all police stations. (For this, we first need to upgrade our police force with necessary facilities. I have a suggestion for this: Develop an application similar to Whatsapp which will be installed only in all police officers smartphone, and which will notify him/her whenever any entry of Lost/Found Child is registered. The notification will include the child Photo and other details)
1 0 Missing children....Link it with Data base of AADHAR & as soon as the kid goes missing ..AADHAR will Alert to Media(all news channels & Top seen serials) about the kid which can be seen all over the country. Give it a new case no & with that no the identifier will dial 100 & inform
0 0 Sir,bhopal me mla's ke liye new colony banane ka prastav hai, jiske liye 22 acre ki hariyali ko nast kiya jayega, tajjub ki baat to yeh ki iska virodh, na to bjp wale, na hi congress wale kr hain. ab aap hi is proposal ko hatwa sakte hai. baaki to kisi se ummeed nahi hai.
0 0 1. Beta version of site looks like public site where in any body can upload video. Uploading should be authorized by mobile number or aadhar no
2. FIR number should be added and tracked
3. Provision should be made to give feedback or tip off on possible child trafficing. Name should be verified but kept confidential
0 0 The government through its own agencies and other non government agencies must carry out a survey of various religious schools being run in rural areas with DNA test and maintain a data bank of sample of such survey, the same may be matched with parents to identify. If there is any legal restriction then the same may be removed.
It is very surprising lost children with in the country are not being traced, only comprehensive use of technology can help us,the earlier done the better for nation.
0 0 First thing is Introduce some lessons about disaster management and how to protect themselves if they miss from their parents, etc... in to textbooks. Then children get some knowledge to protect themselves & to reach helping centers.
Second one is, link all bio-metric identities [which had been taken when issuing UID]  with this portal. Then it will be easy to find their parents.
1 0 On 26th Apr 15 in mann ki baat speech the Respected PM Mr Narendra Damodardas Modi put emphasize on Mayla mathe per dona (people carrying dirt on head).
If he is so concern about upliftment of SUCH PERSONS then why he is not making provision for reservation of such class people in the LOK SHABHA, RAJYA SABHA, STATE VIDHAN SABHA, MILITARY etc etc etc ..............
Dear PM MR NARENDRA DAMODARDAS MODI SIR, have you explanation or just a speech.
0 0 Firstly improve internet speed in rural areas its of no use if nobody able to upload photos and  must have a technical centre in every district  and have specific helpline for that district and state and connect it to other states,so that time would be saved and missing child can be immidately foundJUST HAVE KHOYA PAYA SITE IS NOT ENOUGH,AWARE EVERBODY ABOUT IT,SPEND MONEY ON ADVERTISING IT, if we can spend crores of ruppes in elections than it require very less amount in awaring all about khoya
0 1 Indians with materialistic positivism still does not feel the insult to the self dignity. Had it been any developed nation by this time TRAI Chief would have been sacked for breach of data privacy or civic revolution would have erupted by boycotting use of phones for the next six months to break the nexus between TRAI and COAI.  Shame Indians - the attitude of slavery as 'yes master'.
0 0 I think there should be a specific number to which we ( anyone who is willing to help nepal fight the crisis ) could call (or even give a miss call )... N about 5-10 rs should be deducted from our balance which would then be directly forwarde by the telecom company to the government of india or the NGOs in nepal This would allow common ppl n students like us to have a small share in helping nepal bounce back!Just Thinking how to implement this or just to inform a governemt ANY SUGGESTION ?THANKU
0 0 VERY GOOD STEP!!! MAKE A "KHOYAPAYA" APP WHICH WORKS ON ANDROID,I PHONES AND ALSO ON SIMPLE MOBILES. ALSO PROVIDE SOME REWARD AFTER THE HELP OF ANYONE IN FINDING A CHILD. ALSO TRY TO ADVERTISE IT THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA AND NEWS PAPER LIKE "JAN DHAN YOJNA".
0 0 Parents should very well teach their children about their respective parent names so that when the child got missed then it'll be easier to locate and identify his/her parents from the word he/she rhymes.
0 0 For the case where chiled missed in 1 locality but found in other.
We must have a central repository for KhoyaPaya which should be accessible by all police stations.
It should have some basic details like Photo, found date & time, locality and respective police station. These detail need to be updated by Police station where child found.
Gaurdian can approach to local police station from where central repository can be viewed by filtering data date wise/age wise etc.
0 0 We need to use the advanced technology to our advantage. Mistake proof technology is DNA testing. All missing persons' parents / siblings need to undergo DNA test as well as the persons found on streets / trains / buses / public places / dead unknown persons so that when DNAs of two groups match, they can be unmistakenly matched and get united. This will avoid wrong people claiming relationship of children / mentally disabled persons and using them for wrongful purposes.
0 0 http://www.youthkiawaaz.com/2014/08/next-time-find-kid-begging-streets-h...
There is already an app available in play store. This app is basically developed for Mumbai region and It will be good If GOI can adopt this technology while giving credit to the developer who was the victim of this tradegy.
0 0 I appreciate the suggestion to setup a auto fir and toll free no for this purpose. but we have to also enable a FACE RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGY (as facebook uses) ALONG WITH BIOMETRIC DATA to be enabled with police CCTV cameras ALONG WITH attached to social media/apps uploaded photos. So that even a missing child in background of snap can be identified and located.
2 0 very very thanks for starting such an important portal, it will help indians to find missing people easily. Thanks to indian government.
http://www.employment-news.net/search/label/Engineering%20Jobs
1 0 India needs to have a National Distress Number, which acc. to the nature of issue can effect response, by gathering information & sending a ID to the complainant for future references. As regards the Portal, the kEY for its success will also be its real time updation, its Spread ( airports / railways police etc ) besides all local police stns. & its Visibility i.e right from to every Panchayat, Post office to every cell phone app.  The idea being  - "All(Indians) for One(Family)".
2 0 Dear Sir,
Thanks for wonderful initiative.
Please look for any tool free number activation for all over India. This will help get the missing information immediately. Peoples are approaching to police but they use to take one day to register the information. There is no such facility available to pass information immediately. 
My suggestion as mentioned below.
1.	Activation of toll free number and email address.
2.	Koya paya control centre in state.
3.	Formation of koya paya centre in polic
2 0 i sincerly requesting the narendra modi ji to ban the porn sites.coming to khoyapaya there should be minimum basic facilities for all the children.for missing children people also should help them.there should be seperate agencies and a separete channel or network to started.so that we can save them and we can reach them to their parents.for kidnapped children there should be cc cameras very strictly.and also communication between forces should be very fast
                            fromvivek
1 1 Yesterday in mann ki baat speech the Respected PM Mr Narendra Damodardas Modi put emphasize on Malya mathe per dona (people carrying dirt on head).
If he is so concern about upliftment of SUCH PERSONS then why he is not making provision for reservation of such class people in the LOK SHABHA, RAJYA SABHA, STATE VIDHAN SABHA, MILITARY etc etc etc ..............
Dear PM MR NARENDRA DAMODARDAS MODI SIR, have you explanation or just a speech.
0 1 Formation of indian political structure is completely incorrect until you do not solve the administrative problems you cannot put anything in better place and for that sake you don't need to change constitution.you people simply need to align things and i have complete roadmap for everything.give me a chance to present thing.something which you can accomplish in 20 years i can make india in 10 years.
0 1 khoya paya (lost found) worst name somebody can think. if all your website will have such stupid name then it would be like you are creating one stupid web where people will be lost when they would have to find information as you are putting difficult names.There is need to create website with should be called "SOCIAL FORM OF INDIA" under sub categories you should add MEN issues ,WOMEN issues , CHILDREN issues ,TRANSGENDER issues. again these websites will have subcategories.
0 1 #Missing Children can be reunited fast with their parents if the police co operates and within minutes of the report the twitter handle of the police sends the alert on all registered phone numbers
0 1 पुलिस के द्रारा किया जाने वाले व्यवहार के कारण् लाेग अच्छा काम करने से कतराते है।
1 1 i think there should be a fix reward to any one who find any missing child but only when child say that he saves him
0 0 To stop Farmers from suicides follow Gandhian economics of village development & creating jobs in villages in Co-operative sectors.Add another five million Handlooms with improved marketing arrangements,improved productivity in unirrigated areas,follow Isreal,encourage Dairy industry,small scale food processing industries in villages.For more scope for village development,establishing IIM type institutes for higher learning in village development   and dialogue with Panchayats  will be helpful.
0 0 The web portal should have a feature for registering any missing children/looking them up etc. Moreover, the database must be centralised with the police etc for coordination among different agencies. Id marks & last known sighting on a map for increased awareness about child whereabouts.Do's/dont's regarding child safety should also be put up.Parents/kin can register contact details for updates. List of children in child homes should be made public as it might connect them to their parents.
0 0 #MissingChildren Dear Sir its mind bowing idea. Site is fine but can we put it open for missed child so every body can look it. who is missing. And also involve the police station so the can update direct report form there. And also make Facebook account and share the status there so all people can see who is missing else on one will go to website and check who is missing. Thanks for the such helpful web media.
0 0 One of the enemies to India, the 'for profit' freewheeled media, NDTV today reports National Corruption Party (NCP) functionary Praful Patel as the civil aviation minister of the country. Where lies the accountability for such disgraceful and irresponsible news designed to carry the legacy of corrupt India? When the sports administration / bodies are getting depoliticised in India?
0 0 If a database is made including all minor aged begging kids on street and all young prostitutes in all the brothels across India. Majority of missing ones will be found. Second option is finding the organ trading mafias who kidnap kids and other people for organs. On web portal there should be a alerting option where people involved in human trafficking can be reported confidentially.
0 0 For balance and Perfect Lifestyle,PLEASE visit the following website- www.manawdharm.blogspot.com
This is a book written on Human Religion,Female security,Population Control and Removal of Poverty. Tip 11 and 12 are important... Share this Link to maintain Peace all over the world...
0 0 Respected PM Sir,
my suggestion on web portal for missing children"khayaPaya" is in  attched Image
0 0 There must be a Central database in which the info related with not only childrens, but all the missing complaints of the country should be there. Many cases of murder do not get resolve because the bodies not get identified by some one. Change access in this data base should be given to all the SSP office of the country. On every day all the missing complaint of the district must be sent to the respective SSP office of the district. After, there must be get updated on everyday basis.
0 0 The cop don't knows how to rescue the kids. Internet and social media never find the children. So our nation needs children rescue centers at every district police head quarters and large number of centers at metro cities and tourism areas. Appointed the NGOs and volunteers.Government open the official website for missing children.
0 0 Should be a online submission of FIR for missing of childrens.fix a time limit to police for serch the child.
0 0 Most of the childrens are kidnapped for begging and them parts of the body.The police has rights to rescue the children.But they are simply watching the begging  and never enquiry. So our country needs children rescue centres at superdient of police office in every districts, specially large number  for the metro cities and crime areas and most of the  kids knows their mother toungue only, so we also appointed the volunteers and NGOs.
0 0 महोदय बच्चों के जन्म के समय पर ही जिला,तहसील ब्लाक व ग्राम स्तर पर ही डाटा एकत्र करने की ब्यवस्था अनिवार्य रूप से हो जिसमें उसे जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के साथ ही उसके एलेक्ट्रोनिक चिप में मौजूद रहे जब भी मिसिंग केस हो तो उसके चिप से उसके बारे में सब कुछ मालुम किया जा सकता है ।
0 0 #MissingChild
in today's era everyone is connected with social media so govt should create a facebook page and should enter all the possible details of missing child like Photos-last seen-Dress wore-hobbies and Interest of child-contact number-police station- and so on. After compiling all the data that FB page should be spread throughout country and should encourage youths and others for joining that page. Those who help in searching should be awarded or recognised on that page.
1 0 Sir,
As biometrics have been taken for adhaar cards similarly DNA results should also be taken while making adhaar cards but it should be revealed to the persons as it may cause problems the govt should store this data and if any missing child is found or any trafficker is found first check these results and then if found guilty arrest him and an enquiry should be done...though its not a quick process but it will yield results in long term say 3- 5years .I think this will b successful
0 0 develop a software which records data of all missing children secondly have fast rearching agencies recriuted to search for these childre all over the country use latest tecnology to aid these search parties have volunteers in each state thirdly keep a strict vigil on criminals who deal in child trading keep eye on street children
0 0 teacher or student k bich hmesa ek duri honi chahiye.jo guru or shisya k garima ko bhang na kre.isliye hme vidyalyo me "naitek or adhyatmik" jaise subject ka adhyan karwana chahiye.
1 0 We should get compulsory biometric done for kids as we did for Aadhar card holders. Iris and finger print will never change even with age. Further if we implement the compulsory education policy that every child have to attend school may be till 12th. Also make this biometric validation compulsory for admission. If police/public find any child then we can take that child to that centre and get it tracked.
0 0 We need to have a mechanism which will make sure that we have a dedicated helpline to tackle the issue of #children going missing #KhoyaPaya. A team of 100 should be recruited in every village to make sure that the children are rescued from the traps, also the identification of location of the children can be done via a tracking device which can be implanted in the bodies of the children when they are born which will not cause any issues to their bodies & can be removed when they are of age.
0 0 After every birth of child,parents will have to declare that if they are unable to protect their child from missing then consent for implantation of electronic device under biocompatable covering can be given in body and the device will be implanted under skin by simple 0% risk operation by any technician/doctor on back.In case of missing with help of G.P.R.S. system & device inside body child's position will be detected without any marathon wastage of exercise by police.
0 0 how can we find missing children by a web portal "khoyapaya"?
1 0 मोदी जी ने भी मेहनत कर पढ़ाई क है । गरीब बच्चो को शिक्षा के अभाव या रोटी के लिये कोई भी  धार्मांतरण के लिये  या बंधुवा बनाने हेतू बहला फुसला कर ले जा सकता है । जन्म के समय ही एक फोटो स्मार्ट कार्ड बनाया जाए जिसमे (चिप मे) डीएनए रिपोर्ट के अलावा परिवार की सारी जानकारी हो इसे अनिवार्य किया जाए जिससे भारत मे घुसपैठ भी  रुकेगी साथ ही वर्तमान मे जीवित लोगो  का भी निशुल्क डीएनए कराया जाए जो आधार कार्ड से लिंक किया जाए यह पूरी जानकारी ऑनलाइन हो जिससे इसे काही भी चेक किया जा सके।
1 0 there are so many web sites for missing child/adult but there is no portal which says "child /adult found by some one kept in  care centre,asharam,mental hospital with Photo.Pl do something on this
0 0 Yes along  with biometric should have a dna record so in case somebody claims the child should able to prove relationship avoiding child traffickers and criminals or parents can know about the child's fate if the child deceased while custody.
0 0 Projector should be include in study
Smart classes should be compulsary
0 0 PLEAS DO FREE BROUSE ALL GOVT.WEBSITE
0 0 Primry studnt ko sorry ka mtlb to chodo sory bolna bhi nhi ata jbki primry teachr ko privt se jyada salry milti ha agr privt teacher ko itni salry de do to ind vidsh ko piche chod dega primry me studnt itne hote ha jitne ek sukhi priwr me membr hote ha privt school me addmisn ke liye 1 2month pehle foam bhrna pdta or schol ki muh mngi fees bhrni pdti primry teacher ka time to mid dy mil me chala jata ha
0 0 शिक्छक की दुर्दशा हो रही है. न वतेन ठीक मिलता न और कोई सुविधा ऊपर से कोई भी अधिकारी आ के डरा के इन्हे लूट लेता है, कोई नया युवा teacher नही बनना चाहता, ये पोस्ट छत्तीसगड़ के teachers के दशा की है
2 0 please contact facebook and collaborate with them to make a photo finder software and a masslink system which can widely spread in one go to watsapp, twitter and gmail
0 0 रेलवे स्टेशन मे बच्चे भीख माँग्ते है, तबदेश की स्थिति का पता चलता है, RTE का पोल खुलता है,एक स्कूल मे 5 class को 2 teacher पढाते हैतो छत्तीसगड़ gov की education system का पोल खुलता है, 30 बच्चो मे एक teacher का मापदंड rte act मे ठीक नही है, हरclass मे एक teacher होना चाहिये
0 0 sir , please design a wearing element for child with G.P.S. locator and connect with "khoyapaya"
0 0 i want to ask to the government is that how much they are going through all this thoughts and review of the citizens or hw much they have seen the posts till now and had worked on it,if any 1 is sending u its own view and that is also sutiable as u want than u hav done sumthng abut it hv u applied till now or going to apply further.
i think as soon u study this u will tell me...
1 0 Create a mandatory biometric Database for all children when they are born from now. When someone reports a missing child, he/she can be looked up in the system to get the right contacts.
0 0 i have an idea about the how to find missing children, by aadhar card and advancement process of technology, we can find missing as well as missing other person chances of success will high if govt. work on my idea.
0 0 My Dear Modi
Please Stop Leakage of information of all Raids
The informer who leak information must be booked under law
0 0 #KhoyaPaya...There are many schemes but not properly maintain.As like our Hon'ble PM said in Lok Sabha that ya 'Swachh Bharat' is an old scheme but it is not properly working,that's why it restart to maintain properly.Simply every one freedom but under the guidance of STORNG GOVERNANCE ,then automatically everything will be fine .And for this scheme,just like goods tracking ,make a tracking system ,which is important to find any child...
0 0 मै अजूबे की नही तजूर्बे की बात करता हूॅ
क्या देश काे पसन्द करने वाले लाेग देश की
बात कभी करते है मै यह नही समझता की इन्सानियत
क्या है क्याे की मै नही जानता किसी के घाव पर नमक छिडकना
मै नही जानता वह व्यवहार निभाना जाे लाेग जीते जी ताे नही निभाते अाैर मर जाने
के बाद जनाजे पर फूल चढाने जाया करते है।
0 0 A very strong check on the border forces for CARGO shipment is must - as containers of that huge size are made with easy store rooms for child trafficking -- as seen and also displayed in movies too -- Each container should be thoroughly checked - Strong check on VISA/Passports for kids should be verified with the nations once landed there atleast once in the term of stay within an year.
0 0 A web portal can be developed wherein the details of the missing children such as photograph, complexion , height, languages known, age etc. can be mentioned along with the contact details of the parents / guardian.
0 0 Govt should build one website for searching of missed people, where he or she can have d helping hands of others, people who are helping should get d get d recognition & their experience sharing can make help to others
1 0 we should have a social security number concept as in other countries ,it would be very reliable and easy  method to track people and their whereabouts plus it would eliminate the problem of various identity ,address proofs as well .It should be alloted to every Indian citizen and i think it will be also helpful in tracking of missing people as well because without SSN no facilities or any transactions should be allowed,even when a person buys ticket he should give is SSN.
0 0 sir dekhiye aise aaj bhi ho raha hai police thano me
0 0 Child labour and Child Trafficking should be punished seriously. Its not a very big deal, just drill the Police department for arresting and punishing the Child traffickers and Those who have child labours. Each missing complaint should be taken seriously. If you go to police for missing complaint, initial answer is first look around your house, relatives then come to us. It should not be the case to curb, register complaint first and then go along with parents and search.
0 0 We should have all the database of all people like name,address, thumb impression, retina scan etc at the time of Janganana. whenever any person goes to any public place for e.g. Bus stand, he should be allowed by thumb scan or retina scan. All computers need to be connected with Cloud having the database. As soon as the person's thumb or retina is scanned his all info should be visible to local admin. Thus any missing person can be found after years also. If inf is not visible register the pers
0 0 We have CCTV cameras at most of the places in cities. The number should be increased at public places & at villages. I have a software which detects faces from mob. I we will have a website of missing children with their photos, the software can compare the faces from mob with the website photos & if the child is seen anywhere, will report to the police station server. For this we have to connect all (good quality) CCTV cameras with Local Computers & all local computers with Internet.
0 0 Lapta bachho ki news har news channel par bar bar deni cchahiye
0 0 stand alone kiosk at each tahasil offices to be put up, one hour for each private channel to be made compulsary in a week to show the pictures of missing children. one officer of collector be incharege to review in 15 days
1 0 Dear Sir,
one office letter Send.
Office Staff Position.
0 0 my suggestions with this pdf attachment for missing children there will be a specific one news channel  or 1 to 2 hours from all news channel for missing childrens news.
0 0 Strong punishment to the criminal can resolve all these type of incidents even Police able to catch the criminal still they get away or very minimum punishment the get
0 0 Recently added photos in khoyapaya.gov.in should be advertised in Facebook, LinkedIn, Google search etc., so that the message is conveyed quixkly.
0 0 Main adda to find such children is beggers den.picking up children and filtering them identifying is a big task.But not  impossible.
0 0 my humble suggestion is as in the image...
0 0 The people should also have facility to SMS his/her report,so govt. Its very helpful for country ,industries or many more & skill.India program.state gov.to be help u and rules
0 0 Along with registering an FIR for missing child the police must see to it that #khoyapaya is updated as well.
if the childs guardians are incapable of using this site then the police must themselves update it.
Provision for special alert on phones of those in nearby area
1 0 1.The people should also have facility to SMS his/her report,so govt. should try to launch a number where illiterate people who don't have access to the computer can lodge complaints through SMS.
2.A different branch of police should be formed for this specific work only.
#KhoyaPaya.
0 0 If any child not connected with parent send him children's home of.government & Give him basic education & after that give the training for its personal skill or industrial purpose.in the gov. Institutions like ITI,skill.development centres etc.
Its very helpful for country ,industries or many more & skill.India program.
0 0 It should be included with sharing information with Village level officer like they already have a job of maintaining birth & register.create a app for lost one such that every officer can access to that site easily
0 0 latest suggesion for PRIME MINISTER AND PMO
1 0 to create a national network of police with all india toll free number and automatic update with photographs
1 0 iske liye ek website alag se develop ki jaye jo ki publicly visible ho uska kharch add ke jariye nikala jaye
0 0 I belive there should be some technology tobe used to find the missing, like GPRS or GPS system used in tracking cars, or tracking animals in jungles used for research purpose. If some technology similar to this could be developed we can track the missing to some extent. People wear idels of gods, similarly if a chip of GPRS or GPS is installed in child neck this could be not the best but one of the solution what I feel.
0 0 It is a very good initiative i really appreciate. It should have
=24 hour helpline number with real time operator who can give or recieve  information
=photos of missing children with their full information
=daily updation
there were many initiatives in the past but only for publicity of government nothing else.I hope this will be not like that and actually play its real role
0 0 this should be done with the help of ngo's and local police as one portal alonecannot find missing one's
0 0 The portal is a very good way to encourage an initiative like this however the need of a mobile application is also relevant. It is a platform which is even more accessible and convenient for users. The benefit of having a MobileApp encourages citizens to participate in the program as it is not a big hassle to download an application. I appreciate the use of G2C (Govt. to Citizen) model in this field by the government.
0 0 Portal must have a way to upload image(from where any one can upload a child image taken by him of any child involved in begging or seems missing and also parent should be able to upload image of missed child.A batch process will compaire all image uploaded by parrent n helping people..n finally it will send report to admin or parent if any match found. Also their should be link to share over social network,help line and also reward to helper if a valid math found for her\his image.
0 0 Try to get as many search options as possible. Like if simply put child's name option should come like fathers name mothers name, place of birth, school name, mobile number, brother name, sister name, etc. LET POLICE TRY TO FEED AS MANY DETAILS AS POSSIBLE so that search is easy. Ofcourse picture is the most necessary option. see how we search people on facebook. Learn from there
0 0 5). By this we will have statistics of every region so that govt. can take steps if they find that a large no. of child are missing from a particular location. It suggests that everything is not going well in that region.
0 0 4).once the latest photo of child will be uploaded to system then we can check the details of found child by matching the current photo of found child through very efficient softwares. Today we give the details of found child to newspaper and other broadcasting agencies which are very hectic and less efficient phenomena.
0 0 3).It will be very helpful if every police station has this facility of uploading the data of lost child and they will give the complaint no. to parents so that they can trace the progress of their complaint.
4). There should be some reward policy so that people will get encourage to help. If family of missing child wants to give rewards to govt. personals or the person who helped police.
0 0 1.There should be a helpline no. easy to remember (most of the people are aware with police helpline no. 100). No. should be toll free because we know if would not free then people may hesitate. If a person found a missing child then he will call to that helpline no. so that some police personnel will come and took that child in their custody.
2.The parents of lost child should be provided a very quick and easily availability of this platform so that they can report there within less time.
0 0 The KhoyaPaya web portal should have the option to send out alerts via SMS (or any other means) to all the mobile phone subscribers in the near by areas or all across the country. The alerts should have details about the missing child. this will help them locate. Also it should be well publicized that people are aware of this kind of facility.  #MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya, #Children, #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment, #MyGov
0 0 The Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) is hand-in-gloves with TRAI. Together they breed corruption with complexity in Indian mobile phone tariff structures. Indulge civic revolution against these two bodies till 'roaming' and 'zone specific SIM card' go for retirement and 'One India - One Tariff - One SIM card' and 'Seamless number portability at every corner of India' become a reality. Stop completely using mobile phones and data traveller for the next 6 months.
0 0 इसके लिये सबसे मुख्य जगह पर कैमरे लगे हर एक जिले के बस अड्डे , रेलवे स्टेशन पे, और सबसे ज्यादा भीड भाड़ वाली जगह पे और मुख्य चौराहे पे भी इससे मुजरिम, आतंकवादी भी नजर मे आसानी से आ जायेगे और बच्चे भी हर जिले की कोतवाली मे इसका कंट्रौल रूम हो||
0 0 There should be care taking agencies with proper infrastructure, which will take care of unattended children, it should come up as safe place of all the children in country so when in case someone goes missing well wishers can contact such agency as it will be looking after each and every child without proper facilities proactively. It will solve the enumerated problem along with problem of child beggers, labour and all children will get chance to develop
0 0 in schools 11th 12th class syllabus cannot complete in a session so pleae make syllabus less. after that student go to coaching center they have less time to play so plese make syllabus less. afterthat like advanced country usa,canada their sould be practical more and theroy lesser
0 0 while planning for any such things first point is information shud reach to every corner of country, what is the media that villagers use maximum, do they watch tv/ they use mobile (watsapp)/they use any web in their village. what is easy for them to access? it shud be thot of first bcos in urban areas ppl use all kind of media but what about villages? it shud be done via application (mobile App) that shud be on each n evry mobile (smart phone/any normal phone) shud b free for every one
1 0 child is property of nation.
0 0 Most of the kidnapped kids used for begging,system should follow these kind of gangs
1 0 I can see the transport system is one of the major cause of missing children. If the system will be effective and simpler, no. Of missing children will reduced.
0 0 This is a great initiative.. First of all this should reach the low level people so that they contact respective police stations.. Advertisements can be done and displayed in Televisions/Theaters/Malls/public places  so that everyone in India is aware of this of what needs to be done next... JAIHIND
0 0 बहुत ही अच्छा कार्य है
0 0 It should have an original pic, and an "Advanced to present age" pic, so that people can have an idea on what they might look in recent.
0 0 Immediate Action :Link all police station with internet and make  display digital board outside every police station with photographs of children.And make accounts in social media and share with every account holder.
Future Planning: Start DNA bank with every police station and made it mandatory for every one like aadhar card.When these data will be done many problem will be solved automatically. Make begging a offence.
0 0 each and every person should be allowed to donate some amount in the name of the missing child ...
for example if a child name ram is missing and 10 people have donated a sum of 10 lakh in his name then the person who helps searching the boy ram gets that money as reward .
0 0 It should be link with Fb,Twitter,Instagram etc so that any new post for any children so get posted directly in these social networking sites
0 0 needs to amend laws first "anybody found guilty of having custody of any child by means of any illegal means, should be sentenced to death. same should also be in cases like masrat{kashmir]. it should be made compulsory, no excuses of human rights for such persons.
secondly national portal for khoya paya for such children be made all police stations or district headquarters be connected with it. approachable to all on internet
0 0 All the ashrams and bal sudhar grihas where the found children are rehabilitated should be linked online to a single national database having their genetic details also. If any children are found to be begging on streets, railway stations, etc. the Police should take action immediately be arresting the accomplices who force these children to beg. Also, help of many other organisations/NGOs may be sought in this regard. The concerned area Police inspector should be accountable if any child begs!
0 0 The photo of the Child.  Name of the Child.  Identification marks.  The data of the Child can be uploaded in the website.
0 0 We can be simple yet effective, 1. any one whose child is lost can give a miss call to a call center number, and then when call is made back can provide information.
2. if they have access to a net then they can create a account and summit photo details etc. of there child directly to the portal
3.if any person finds a child isolated or alone they can also provide the information for the same to the forum or call center
4.a national data basse should be kept into account
0 0 The portal should have the complete contact address and the award money, if there is any and also a note having full description of the family and child.
1 0 In the world of Selfies and a part of population striving to make a difference to the society.... I feel we should design an APP ( free) wherein Police can upload images of all missing children and using the face recognition technology ( the one being used in Facebook with great convenience) all of us before giving money to a poor child or in any other grievous situation should click the child's image and just upload and match it with the existing images of the App.
0 0 #KhoyaPaya,#MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment The portal should have a daily update on the status.This can be given to a group of cyber volunteers working in tandem with police, and a group of on-ground volunteers with cell phones with access to mygov.in & select portals like this. Link the portal to the social media, the daily update from ground force-police-cyber volunteers can be very useful.This update should also feature in the PMO app, fortnightly, to strengthen the intent and seriousness
0 0 Dear Sir/Madam,
#MissingChildren #KhoyaPaya #Children #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment #MyGov I have submitted the proposal on this web portal to Science & Technology Department of Gujarat during Vibrant Gujarat 2015 and also to Gujarat CM Smt. Anandiben Patel.  I was waiting for the call from Gujarat CM Smt. Anandiben Patel and looking here that Deity and NIC are started working on it.  Kindly call us and do discuss with us on our proposal.
1 0 #MissingChildren
All the public agencies related like schools, local police station, parents working office, Play schools or tuition centers, CCTV cameras in the locality can be connected all together through network connectivity for faster disseminating of information once a report for missing child comes to the police station for smooth coordination for search. Giving to all children a RFID band which they can wear in their hand and a similar one to their parents when they come to a fair.
1 0 I think a Face matching s/w help very much.
& no doubt polic st. And social net. sites also connected.
0 0 Web page is a good idea but it should be far reaching, i mean to say that people must voluntarily participate. For this this web page must be connected with social networking sites.
2 0 Civil Defence should be involved with the police authority as they are the first to overcome this problem with cope up with the society
2 0 Khoya paya web portal may be connected with all police stations, a common smart card for ration card for birth certificate, with the help of which, we are generate mool niwas praman patra and other identification of person. means focus is on how to identify
0 0 ya sure this is more valid in our country there are many children missing recently...to have a safeguard those children it should be attached to all police station in all districts this will help the parents of missing children...who knows those children can become the future scientist also...so it is our duty to safeguard them
0 0 Internet is becoming a popular source of information for the masses. Under such circumstances if there is a web portal for missing children "KhoyaPaya". It would be of great help and a matter of concern from the governments to the citizen of this country.
It will be a gigantic step in the creation of the welfare state thus incorporating the vital element of the Preamble.
That's one small step for a man, a giant leap for mankind ...
0 0 No doubt that children are the future of our nation. Nowadays we are also hearing a lot of news of lost children. Earlier on doordarshan the lost and found news was broadcasted on a large scale but nowadays this is completely lacking.If there is a Government initiative on this aspect then it would be of great help to the parents of such children.
Television and radio are the big source of information but nowadays with the expansion of technology, people are seen inclined towards the internet.
0 0 It is true that missing children r engaged as labours or beggars.there must be an all India app where police admin. And people Of all district must upload the pic of child labours and beggars in their dist.media can help in clicking pic of such child. parents can locate their children here..many chances r there to find lost children here as children r generally taken to other states and engaged in begging like works.claim for children can be done here.then local police can investigate further.
1 0 Permanent, fool proof plan:
Let's have a DNA bank kind of system, where all the hospitals compulsorily need to register new born baby's DNA to central DNA bank (Electronic records) linked with their Parent's DNA/Figure-prints/AdhaarNumber etc. Also the new born baby should be provided their unique Adhaar number immediately after they born, and hard copy after few years or at the age of 18.
This way any missing kid or any suspicious child with some stranger can be identified throughout life
0 0 This is not suggestion about missing children, but what can the government do for orphan children in general. The govt can open premier residential schools all over country for orphan children, strictly run by the army. The orphan children begging on streets and found in railway platforms can be sheltered in these schools. These children can be trained from young age to be army people or olympian athletes. This will solve both shortage of army and good quality olympics people in this country.
2 0 WE NEED TO LINK "KhoyaPaya" IN EVERY DISTRICT NIC WEBSITE & THERE IS A DEMAND OF TWITTER ACCOUNT WE HAVE TO PROMOTE VIA WHATSAPP & FB ALSO   #MyGov
2 0 Web portal like this must have following facilities
1)CHILDS PROFILE (from where he or she was found or gone missing
2)it must give facilitiy to track movement of police department towards particular missing case
3)gov should start collecting indept and genuine details of childs working at stalls, trafic signals.this step can be made further easy if gov allow public to submit such profiles of such childerens and afterward police or gov can check the authenticity of profile.
0 0 please create all beggars, red light area's minor girls, criminal less then 18 yrs children and suspicious children DNA data bank.
its help lot of to police and parents,
1 0 DNA data bank is useful tool to search missing child.
so create DNA data bank of parents DNA FP and find children DNA FP.
3 0 प्रत्येक जिले की एन.आई.सी. की आलरेडी एक वेबसाइट है. उसी वेबसाइट पर खोया-पाया वेब पोर्टल को लिंक कर दिया जाए. तथा इसमें दो आप्शन हो एक सामान्य सिटीजन के लिए तथा एक जिले के पुलिस विभाग के मुखिया के लिए इस पर कोई भी आम नागरिकय एवं पुलिस किसी बच्चे के खोने या मिलने की सूचना डाल पाए तथा वह डाटा ऑटोमेटिकली सम्बंधित जिले के पुलिस मुखिया के पास चली जाए. चुकी सारे जिले एक दुसरे से जुड़े होंगे सम्बंधित की वर्ड्स डालकर खोये हुए बच्चे की जानकारी प्राप्त की जा सकेगी.
1 0 Sir, In my previous submission I have requested to the Govt. to introduce one card to every people staying or moving inside India i.e. "JAY HIND" card or combination of all personal information gradually we should attached DNA report in it. the card number should be simple & easy to member. The card no. Should be in name, DOB,Town or number easily aces by the person as well as by others to know details about him. The card should be use as ATM, DL,PAN,Voter IE Card, Passport  and all uses
0 0 Most of the missing children will be taken in some illegal work - child labour, begging, etc. 
On the portal anyone must be able to upload a photo of children they find in any of these activity (through an app). Datetime/Location information must be auto saved. 
Then, Missing childs photo can be uploaded by the admin or a police station. 
Using image processing, photos can be compared and relevant childs location can be retrieved from this database.
0 0 hamare desh me itne news channel hai.jo karodo log dekhte hai .ham unhi channel ki madad se jaise roj minimum 1 to 2 hours sirf lapta logo ke news dikhaye.Aur wo bhi sabhi news channel par eksath ekhi program  pura desh eksath dekhe jaise satyamev jayte tha.jisse news sabhi ekhi dekhenge aur log apne aaspas hi wo lapta bacchoki ,logonki talash kar sakte hai pure deshbharme.
0 0 each n every indians must have aadhar card number since childhood to avoid confusions later on.It must be centralised with all records on police stations.In stead of id proof,all maals,hospitals,police+railway+metro stations,airport,companies,schools,colleges,industries,factories,govt n private office,atm,banks must use finger as id proof n it must be applied through satellite to catch anyone. missing kids must be connected with social media,tv channels,side wall of every websites
0 0 we can collect the dna samples of missing children and compare with the parents dna through out india .it will be more helpful.It is already worked out in many westren countries.
1 0 It is better to link the khoyapaya website with all Police websites, Government websites and most popular social media websites.
Others are good. Wish all the success for the mission and congratulate the government for good initiative  through digital media.
1 0 Khoyapaya website suggestions -
1. User friendly option is required in case of  find a child or search for a missing child. Any people can inform without login or register. only mobile number and name is enough. For making a missing case detailed registration is good.
2. In Dashboard only the statistic of missing or sighting is there. Apart from that there can be add a report of missing or sighting childrens name, age and place and other relevant details.
0 0 After all the trafficked kids or even khoya paya are somewhere in our neighbourhood.
If we simply inquire about the neighbourhood kids we may reunite them with their family.
Creation of CENTRALISED ONLINE DNA DATA BANK of missing children's parent available to police force, matching them with samples of rescued kid or khoya paya kids can be of great help.
0 0 Firstly provide the shelter to the roadside children then, maintain the database of the children loss and match against the FIR made by the lost children Parents.
1 0 DNA finger printing of the begger childeren.
0 0 Web site is not solution. back end infrastructure and service structure improvmeent is requied.
Rope in NGOs and Self help groups to assist in this aspect.
Encourage and support organizations that work with beggers, to work with beggers, these organizations can assist to find out the missing children.
0 0 1. Ban begging
2. PPP partnership to provide daily wage / work / meal to beggers
3. research on missing children .. publish top 10 causes, where the missing children go and what happen to them. Use statistical analysis for such.
4. government reward for providing information on missing children.
0 0 First and foremost i would like to extend my appreciation for coming up with such a platform to tackle menace of missing children. I feel KhoyaPaya as a name for program doesn't go well with intention imbibed in this program. KhoyaPaya signifies something materialistic. While its more of emotional matter. I suggest some other name should be given to this program. Further augumenting it with Common Service Centre under NeGP will give better result because large population still lacks IT literacy.
0 0 My suggestions are following:-
1.Police take action quickly.
2.In every work place where child worker required there must be checking allowed daily.
2 0 The most important strategy in this initiative will be to create the digital bio-metric identity of each child. This can easily be done if Aadhaar enrollment of the children is done at an early age.Police and NGOs should be entrusted to get the bio-metric identity of stray children and beggars. The system should match these bio-metric identities of stray children/beggars with those of missing children to trace the children.
0 0 While creating such sites is  a good idea, these sites should be promoted through different means e.g. it return forms should promptly display such sites ..
0 0 The portal should have facility for image matching so that if a child is found somewhere his/her image can be matched with that available on the site. Children might be couple of years older befire they are found and the image matching will help here. Also word matching should be there to match the words that the children might remember.
0 0 on every missing child/person there should be photo and details ASAP upload on website by Police or victim family with mentioning valid FIR no, and if someone found missing person they should upload detail and local police station should be bound to resolve this kind of cases on priority.
1 0 प्रणाम सर,
आपके तीनों देस की यात्रा बहुत अरछा रहा...
    सर missing children का मुद्दा मे मेरा सोच
-भारत के सभी police station online कीया     जाये.
-कोइ भी missing children के लीये ऐक अलग city wise Police की team हो.
-कोइ भी थाने मे इसका FIR हो.
-state DIG every month monitoring करे.
-बच्चों missing के central से ऐक helpline number हो.
-बच्चे ज़्यादातर गाँवों से जयादा missing होते है तो सरपंच को भी इसमें invole करके direct central gov मे बात कर सके
   मोदीजी आप अरछा काम करते है
आभार
0 0 Before all app kindly shoot all baggers picture on railway station and traffic signals
0 0 District Administration and police is not aware that they should coordinate with CWC of their district and data be field in national portal immediately, NCPCR could not perform properly in last 8 years in the benefit of children, missing children or other unprivileged children. Big responsibility of NDA govt is appointing sensitive and dedicated NCPCR team.So that bureaucracy and police be sensitize.
1 0 As a Chairman SCPCR,Uttrakhand,Appointed by Khanduri ji,i have ground level experience that our system is not working. DMs are still not aware that CWCs are having first class magistrate power that all children related issues by forwarded to them, hence CWC could not work properly in last 15 years.J.J. Act was failed by UPA,it  was the best work done by NDA-1.my opinion is NCPCR & SCPCRs be empowered.Chairpersons and Members must be child rights workers,not bureaucracy or judiciary.
0 0 We don't need seprate porals for everything as it will become very difficult to maintain and as we are facing the same issue with PAN Card, Voting Card, Aadhar Card, ...etc, the purpose could have been done with a single card. If we can have a centralized database which will be connected with all the respective organization. I don't understand that we are giving solutions, support to so many coutries but we can not develop anything for our own country.
Still we are running in 1947 era.
0 0 This web portal must be aligned with all the police stations of the country and must be updated realtime; must also be aligned with the databases of NGOs working in this area and who have rescued children from trafficking. Police stations/ PO must be empowered in villages so they can upload photographs of missing children, their parents (with identification evidence), address & ph.no. of family. Just like adds appear on right hand side on webpages, photo strips of missing children can be run
0 0 I m agreed with what mr manish ji has said but its not possible to use dat app for those parents who are uneducated n whose income is below poverty line...but for rest of d people it will be a great step..
0 0 Face Recognition features which matches image uploaded with already existing image because many times children are not able to say their name properly. So once the missing child is found, his image will be uploaded on website and face recognition will search in the existing database and suggest possible matches. in case there is no possible match found, it should be integrated with a social plugin which automatically updates the details of the found child on the facebook.
0 0 This web portal should be open to everyone. so that everyone can post the photos of people whom they see roaming around just like that in a bad condition in their locality. Also everyone can see the posted photographs so that they can find their lost relatives. This should not only for the children but for all human beings.
0 0 Just a few questions to ponder:
1) Women trafficking is another big issue on similar lines; do the portal have an option to integrate that as well?
2) Reporting a case to the portal v/s reporting a FIR (maybe to CCTNS system) - what's the difference?
3) Will the portal be just an information warehouse or citizens can expect actions as well? (I am afraid people won't bother another information repository)
4) Do you have any statistics to share to highlight the issue?
0 0 A quick fast APPS (Mobile Application software) should be integrate with KhoyaPaya Web site. Using this Parents or someone can directly report to Nearest Police Station via mobile only.
It will save time/cost and faster the process.
It will also help if someone found a missing child , he can click the photo and verify from KhoyaPaya apps and get details about missing child if in the system, If not he can easy to report in nearest Police station.
0 1 DNA matching system should be created. When ever someone report to police station about missing child, police will write report and upload DNA profile of child's father/mother/ancestors to match in system. When unidentified missing child is found, DNA of child will be uploaded by police. System will match DNA of child with DNA profile of missing reports. When DNA match found, it will inform to both police stations about DNA match details.
0 0 Add Aadhar (or any other ID, if aadhar not available in FIR) connect to SMS as well
This suggestion can be added in addition to the below suggeston of EKTA SINGH JEE
1. Image search should be enabled. I should be able to upload the pic of a child and the site should try to match it.
2. The site should be constantly updated.
3. The site should share information with the relevant police stations so that they can also flash them on their pages.
4. Local facebook pages should be informed
1 0 1. Image search should be enabled. I should be able to upload the pic of a child and the site should try to match it.
2. The site should be constantly updated.
3. The site should share information with the relevant police stations so that they can also flash them on their pages.
4. Local facebook pages should be informed whenever there is the report of a missing child. Social networks can work wonders these days.
5. There should be updates allowed on the page, consented by an admin.
2 0 Sir, first of all we should check out that aadhar identity of each child is issued then if any child goes missing his/her photo should be distributed through single channel transfer system on a link especially made for missing child like #Operation recover. Then if any child is found in any area then searching the databases . And if he is was tagged missing we could hope that he will meet his parents soon
0 0 khoyapaya is best initiative.we just need to link it with adhaar system and make it compulsary for police to use khoyapaya for found and lost persons, and some facial recognition system can be used to trace found person with its adhaar or lost report, coz matching lost with found is real job.
0 0 we already have adhaar database, just send adhaar team to every school to make adhaar of every new child admitted. plus as already suggested by many single missing portal for all india for reporting missing and found children, acessible to all .
0 0 take help of social networking sites  and  media.Due to parents mistake childrens goes missing please first of all make them aware about childrens saftey. some childrens goes missing by their own some naughty activities.so make them  aware by taking help of school teachers through proper channel.Of course police is first but not least.
3 0 Missing children are taken mostly to metros or other cities for begging and some of the NGOs take them to run their business. All such kids should be reported under one umbrelss (make one point portal for registration) and thier DNA along with thier photos, place of missing (appox.) and date should be mentioned to track them online. Such all parents can look into this portal online and try to foind out. This should be used for all missing kids/ citizens.
3 0 1)Public transport dept(bus/trains) should advertise toll free number to register missing child as most of children beg at bus/train stations
2)Traffic police should support in registering the missing child/help the missing child as most of children are forced to beg at traffic signals
3)Banners/Radio/TV ads/Facebook should give ads as its means of mass communication
4)DNA patterns should be updated to aadhaar card for all,at-least child will find parents later in future
0 1 In my views we need to think of this in terms of technology.
1. We need a central database of missing children which consists of their facial photo, last known location, age etc.
2. We need to develop a facial recognition system which runs on all the public CCTV videos of railway stations, bus stations, toll booths, traffic signals etc which does not breach privacy.
3. Integrate d system with real time tracking of children with local police so we can track kids immediately anywhere in country
0 0 Every newspaper , TV , news should advertise a SOS number to make the people and children aware .Guidelines to be included on hoardings near station and bus stand about precautions , whom to approach in case of being lost.
0 0 The web portal should have to be like the social site on which the profiles with the details of the lost children which will be provided by the police station where the case is filed. Also all the police stations or the required departments have the right to access all details and will be limited for public.
Also proper categorization is needed so that any one can find any one by easy filtering i.e. by City/Sex/Age/Height/Color/....etc.
0 0 bachpan
0 0 every police station and village and urban area must set up a control room to safe guard the missing children by providing toll free number under Home-ministry and immediate action by police and local administration is need of hour and any lapse found immediately stern action must be taken by the Home and concern ministry -anil reja
0 0 i have a suggestion that people/police/ NGO/Local intelligence units persons take photographs (secretly) of children engaged in begging/garbage collection on road crossings/railway station/bus stand etc and up- load it on common website where by software it is matched with missing children and if any match is found same can be traced.This data & photos will also help other govt. and private organizations which are evolved in up-liftment of socially backward children
0 0 Also it is important that people are able to upload the missing child information themselves (with a help of a  template) rather than waiting for the police which just adds delay to the whole process. Also it would help if there is a public help kiosk with touch screen in each market place that people could use to access and upload information to this portal (meaning to help people with no internet or knowledge of internet).
1 0 1. In US there is a system of "Amber Alert" in which as soon as a child is abducted there is a text message with sound that goes out to all mobile phones with description of child and vehicle in which he might have been abducted. The portal could have a data connection to cellular providers and could send texts based on area if it is a recent kidnapping.
0 0 Is web site ki add facebook, whatsapp, twitter, ki tarah famous hona chahiye. Television ke program pe, FM pe, Aakaswani channel pe, News channel, Cricket Channel hona chahiye. Google aur sabhi search engin pe easily search ho and shows at no 1 postion.
Kisi ke post se positive respone mile aur child ko recover kiya jata hai to usko sammanith kiya jana chahiye, is se bhaki logo mein encouragement hogi
0 0 web portal pe Police department, NGO, and Public login facility de jaye. Public login mobile no base ho. Ek esa Mecanisum  banaya jaye jisse ki detection by face maching so ho sake aur agar aadhar card ban gaya hai to finger print aur eyes ke retina se possibility hoti hai. sabse jaruri baat database se data search karana/ filter karne mein problem na aye
0 0 plz give a website design for all  like social sites every can update
0 0 The dashboard gives details of state wise reports. There should be availability of data police station wise i.e. under jurisdiction of which police station, maximum number of children were reported missing and under whose jurisdiction, maximum children were found. The police station giving maximum number of missing children found to be rewarded suitably.
1 0 Support for Regional languages to be given for ease of non-Hindi speaking people.
On entry of a missing child, a FIR number should be generated and this FIR should be automatically registered with the nearest police station in whose jurisdiction the child is being reported missing. A copy of FIR should be sent to 3-4 nearby police stations through email or fax.
1 0 Sir regarding the khoyapaya website there shall be two websites one for the police and another fort the citizens.the photo along with their details like height,language known etc shall be given in the citizens website and each photo shall be given a code.the complete details pertaining to the code shall be with the police.Once a missing child is reported the police can verify the code to establish the identity of the child.further this website shall educate the pubic about child safety.
1 0 First of all.........Great Work, I salute you for this. 
My suggestion : 
1)   Beggars are here to stay, you can not exterminate them. Register them and their kids. You will have some good advantage. Missing kids often find themselves in such places, either forcefully or in innocence.
Will try to come up with more suggestions.
0 0 In this case the very straight answer is to take every child roaming here and there all over the India into custody by creating different Divisions in different States.
After this the thing which is to be is what my prior's said i.e DNA Test and CCTV Footage etc. which is a very nice idea.
When all this part is done then Children which are left after a certain period of time will be given to Rehabilitation Centers and Government Schools or To Child Orphanage.
1 0 Those children are being indulged in begging activity, get their photograph and if possible to collect the DNA sample by helping of Child welfare organisation. It will help to map with the lost-children with the image recognition. It will have to implement in phase manner 1) begging child, 2) child labour etc
2 0 If we make system for CCTV image Recognition and police will make database of Lost people when lost person came in the area of CCTV it recognized and send Alert to Local police.and this system is not only for Lost Children but also For Criminals & Terrorist which can easily track all illegal Activity.We done Small work on same project and Receive 15 National Prizes for that Project.Please check Attachment.#MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya, #Children, #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment, #MyGov
2 0 It should be done via a web platform integrating it with mobile apps as well. Where, local police can publish the images and other available information of every missing or found child in their location. So anyone can go through that and map and filter them to find if they match. Also, any citizen can too post missing/found informations which can be varified by the local police and then posted on the portal.
0 0 Every FIR Should have a DNA Test done (DNA test of Parents when they complain about missing child and DNA Test of Found kid) This will help to trace back the family of missing children, if antisocial elements have changed their name or if the kid went missing at the very young age. If it is done to the entire population and linked to Aadhaar card it will help in many ways( it is not easy). If a data is collected of few regional, Cops can coordinate with that regional team efficiently. SAVE KIDS
0 0 Its truly unbelivable inititive by my gov.The information on web portal should be properly downloded to each and every local daily newspapers. This should be printed behind the blank space of the pages of the applicaiton forms used for public.
0 0 A Best Web Portal To Find Missing Children  - KhoyaPaya
      Web Portal Service For Open For All India Public. Anybody Find Any Missing Childeren On Road,Crowd Contact Nearest Police Station  . Every Police Station Connected With Portal . When Recive Any Missing Children & Complaint . Just Upload Photo With Complete Details on Portal .Portal Connected With Facebook,Twitter And Google Plus . When Any Details Uploaded Complete Details Viral Within Minutes .For Complete Project Contact us
0 0 Need to have a centralize database with the missing children and the children we found whose family we are not aware The local police station/Post office can update the database about missing children . We can linked the children identity with the Adharcard if they have . There should be one section for the people to update about found missing person details and the information should be reviewed and approved in the system which can be used to track down further . Name need to keep secret .
0 0 Recently there have comments from religious organization regarding which religion population is increasing in India. There have mutual exchange of words regarding how many children a person in particular community should have. This is extremely sad and condemnable. No parent should have children more than two. Parents have no right to give birth to children if they cannot care and look after them and give them love. Also children being viewed way to increase the population religion wise is evil
0 0 These missing children are missing love, care, attention, and healthy food. So portal must voice concern and motivate people in to people voluntarily find and help such children. For this people need to be given of publicity and if possible they also need to be given sad account of child and desperateness, angst in which child's family is in.
0 0 Children must be tracked by associative Aadhar scheme, until they get their own Aadhar card. The biometric sample of the child has to be mapped with the associated guardian. This could be an initial exercise, from which Aadhar card for the child can also be later forked, without the need for a separate process to collect their biometrics. When a destitute d child is found, the childs biometrics can then be used to find the gaurdian.
0 0 We should make sure that people can directly contribute/update this portal. Often, we come across situations where police doesn't file FIRs for cases.  To make sure that this portal is free of any bureaucratic tangles, make it crowd-sourced.
0 0 Lets see how Indians respond to this call. If consensus could be achieved on this issue it would be a great achievement.
0 0 Media house must be instructed to show weitage to cover missing childrens message and t.v serial like satya meb jayate and crime petrol must cover these missing childrens issues by depcting in dramtic cersion and it help to recon the said cases.
0 0 Media house must be instructed to show weitage to cover missing childrens message and t.v serial like satya meb jayate and crime petrol must cover these missing childrens issues by depcting in dramtic cersion and it help to recon the said cases.
0 0 now socaial websites and digital india is helping to find out kmissing childrens but police is found as escapist and not taken these cases as their own childrens , any way we need friendly police and it needs concelling to police and public by general awareness under home minstry and intellectual people of india , My Gov is wonderful platform to make better india , better system and solutions in each field-anil reja
0 0 previously also i had suggested that their should be a site with details alongwith photos of the missing children.also general public should be requested to download pictures of children begging on roads, so that they can be matched with missing children. because most of the children are kidnapped to be used for begging. also a strict vigilance by police on placement agencies can also help.
1 0 खोया पाया पोर्टल एक सकारात्मक पहल है। प्रत्येक महीने कम से कम ८०० बच्चे सिर्फ हरयाणा से लापता होते हैं एवं ५०%का ही पता चल पाता है। जिनका पता नहीं चलता वे बच्चे प्रवासी अथवा गरीब लोगों के होते हैं। ये पहुँच वाले नहीं होते अतः इनका बच्चा कभी नहीं मिलता है। हमारी राय में एक विभाग ही ऐसा बनाया जाना चाहिए जो सिर्फ लापता बच्चों अथवा लोगों से सम्बंधित हो ताकि किसी के लापता होते ही पुलिस खोज शुरू कर दे और बच्चा बरामद हो सके।
2 0 D.N.A. database of missing children can be created and linked with UID - AADHAR scheme, similarly all Indians should have D.N.A. info with Govt agency. who are missing and whose person in missing can be traced by DNA matching on respective UIDs by powerful computers.
1 0 All police stations should have computers and a software where missing complaints can be lodged. As soon as they lodge a missing complaint the details should automatically appear on the khoya paya website. The person who has lodged the complaint can then go on the website and share the post on FB/WhatsAPP/Hike or other social networking platform. Once the complaint is closed, the police should close it on their software and the details of this complaint should appear under "closed" on the site.
1 0 The government can harness the power of Whatsapp / Hike etc to send photos of missing persons with a photo expiry date.
2 0 On the web of khoyapaya - children's photo,name, home addressed, and the address from there child khoya to the address where child found...the preforma of chid is given on the web as hidden because by this some fake parents were come out... So by this- these child wil not going to the wrong hands...
1 1 on web site of khoya paya, the image of the missing child should be uploaded with the other details. And through this web site all the states or to be more precise approximately all the police stations should be connected and the photograph of the missing one should be transported first to the neighboring states  for a period of time and they should be given a time limit to find the child and then to the rest of the states following the same criterion every missing  child should be given no.
1 0 sir, pl go thru the attached document
0 0 khoya paya portal is a good beginning for bringing hopes to the kids who have  lost the hope of living in a peaceful society.i think pasting posters and adds in paper is not enough an independent department under this portal could be established with a direct helpline no with direct connection to local authority and also public should be awared through campaign can be named 'save kids save future' or india vs human trafficking
1 0 more and more identi fication marks / birth marks , with family details can be added in the ragisters
0 0 Central govt should form a committee to study all states mechanism to tress missing  child and a separate authority should be formed to connect all states' mechanism to tress missing children
1 0 first two digits are state code,
more two digits are district code
more four digits are village pradhaan or city paarshad or doctor no.will be alloted to them. more digits are no of children.
it may help us in many ways
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी जय हिंद, मै चाह्ता हूँ कि प्रत्येक बच्चे के जन्म के 30 दिन के अंदर ही उसका eyrish scan ले के रजिस्टर म (जैसे UP 80 BBBB cccccccc,  BBBB=डा.या ग्रामप्रधान नं,CCCCCCC=नं ,एंट्री कर लेनी चाहिये, प्रत्येक हस्पताल/प्राइवेट डाक्टर को उस नंबर के साथ ही इलाज करना चाहिये या प्रथम बार आये तो नंबर बना देना चाहिये पांच साल बाद उसका एडमीशन भी उसी नं से होना चाहिये, कोई भी बच्चा खोयेगा तो उसका नं खोया पाया साइट पर होगा, किसी पाये गये बच्चे का आएरिश स्कैन उसको उसकी जगह भेजने मे तुरंत सहायक होगा
0 0 Sabhi bus stand aur railways par iske lie ek alag booth hona chaiye aur waha par jo lcd ya kuch b cumunication k lie medium uplabdh ho waha iski jaankari hona chahiye
1 0 Lets see how Indians respond to this call. If consensus could be achieved on this issue it would be a great achievement.
0 0 HELLO FRIENDS YADI KOI BACHHA KHO JATA HA TO HUM LOGO KO SABSE PAHLE US BACHHE KI EK PIC SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES ( FACEBOOK,WHATSUP,TWITTER ETC) PER DAAL DENI CHAIYE TAKI JYADA SE JYADA LOG0 KO US BACHHE KE BAARE ME PATA CHAL SAKE.AGAR HO SAKE TO SARKAR KO EK KANOON TV CHANNELS WALO KE LIYE BANANA CHAIYE JISME KISI BHI GUM HUE BACHHE KI PIC ADD KE DORAN CHAHE KEWAL 2 SEC LE LIYE DIKHAYE PAR DIKHAYE JAROOR AUR PIC POST KARNE KE LIYE KEWAL MYGOV.IN PER HI POST KARNA KAFI HO. THANKS
1 0 Hii friends hmare vicharo me koi galti ho to maf kre .....
1)- sarkar ko sbse phle ek kanun. Bnana chihiye ki Jo bache bhik mangte h une anathale me rkha jaye .
1 0 IF ANYONE GET LOST SIMPLY THERE INFO WITH PIC CAN BE UPLOADED ON THE SITE AND DESIRED PERSON SEARCHING FOR THEM SIMPLY CAN SEARCH THE WEBSITE FOR THEIR LOVED ONE...
1 0 name of this site dose not reflect its cause. I think name of this site should be MissingKids
5 0 1‍‍‍'यॆ सिर्फ् सरकार् कि नहि बल्कि आम जनता कि भि ज़िम्मॆदारी हॊनी चाहियॆ की अगर हमॆ कॊइ बच्चा कही पर् भी अकॆला दिखॆ तॊ हम तत्काल् उसॆ किसी नजदीकी पॊलिस थानॆ पर सुचित करॆ
2'सरकार कॊ चहियॆ की ऎक ऐसॆ हॆल्पलाइन हॊ जॊ सिर्फ् और् सिर्फ् खॊऎ हुऎ बच्चॊ कॆ लियॆ हॊ और् उसपर् त्वरित् कार्यवाइ का प्रावधान् हॊ
3.इसॆ मीदीया मे बदॆ स्तर् पर् प्रकसित् किया जाय‌
4,खोये हुये बच्चो के परीजनो से बहुत ही सभ्यता सॆ बात् कि जानी चहीये
                                               धन्यवाद्
3 0 Sir. 1) this should be advertised in huge Manner in print media, electronic media, social media, every where.
2) a national tollfree help line.
3) a 24X7 news channel to broadcast related news.
4) educated staff, policemen, govt servants.
5) awareness to common citizens about what to-do. when a child caught, found or a child missing.
Thanking you sir
2 0 First we should make it known to at least a large amount of people. It should be known to All police Inspectors also. If they find any child anywhere they should inform on the web portal. Photo of missing children must be appeared at web portal.
1 0 Aadhar card should be made compulsory for the children, so that the nation has information in the central data base system. By entering the number all information regarding a particular child can be viewed and transported to all police stations and social sites users just in one click
1 0 Sir, All accounts on social sites face book, twitter should be grouped together for this noble cause, so that when any missing photo is uploaded on social site, it reach mass users in just one click. One government link specially for Khoya Paaya can be floated to all users of  net. This will help in obtaining information regarding the missing children as early as possible.
2 0 With so much availability of IT graduate in every city why should not village mapping of every citizens? Specialy in the Rural  and trible india from where the most children specialy girls missing every day . We have ASHA in every Hamlets . They may the reliable information provider . There view should respect by police and revenue department. In first base those pregnant women registered in MCTS portal there family member to be mapped easily.
2 0 This web portal is absolutely necessary. Human trafficking is of prime concern at the national level. It can sport helplines which can help in registering missing children complaints and share the agony of the parents, help in identifying lost children, connecting such missing children with their anxious families turning them into happy families, can have photographs of real time abductors. their addresses and whereabouts, modus operandi etc.
1 0 Any small child seen alone or crying for parents be handed over to nearest police station or Railway station master.
1 0 mother tangu is verry eduction policy
0 0 semester system remove eduction policy
2 0 prathamik shiksha matrbhasa me hi ho
2 0 My opinion is that khoya pays portal will be successful than should be focus four steps.1st Birth registration will be online in national level with in 7 days.2nd  to make aaddar card between 5 to 7 yes to follow by birth reg.3red prohibited children beggar and make a beggar children develop aasharam.4th  to make a rule all workers of factories and small bussiness must be online registration their status in labour commission without given status of employ not permission for work in public sector
0 0 The web portal
1 0 missing children
1 0 Lets drive this initiative "Bindaas Bachapan" like "Swachh Bharat".
1 0 Childrens rarely miss their path. Great Idea and request Portal be connected to all State DGPs and Intelligence Departments. We cannot afford to lose important time as abduction is mostly done by Inter-State anti-social elements and Human Traffickers who tricks all State Police Departments. Separate National Level HelpLine be introduced with the portal and similar to Tsunami Warning System, Alerts be issued to DGPs, Intelligence Department and Social Activists. Appreciate and wish great success.
1 0 Govt have to make a universal open for all universal portal in which all government as well as genetal public can upload the details of missing children and the assecs of That data base has to be open to all were any parent can serch there missing children nation wide then govt has to built shalters with the help Of ppp Where the missng children can be capt and educate + trained for the better life.
1 0 A child going missing in our country has always been an issue of most sensitive in nature. What a pity that althrough we have not been able to stand a test in retrieving a lost children -- the retrieval being far from being satisfactory in any way. THE BASIC HINDERANCE  IS THE APATHETIC ATTITUDE THAT IS WIDELY PREVALENT, BOTH IN OUR SOCIETY  AND IN THE STATE MACHINERY. LACK OF CO-ORDINATION IN DIFFERENT AUTHORITIES TASKED TO GET ENGAGED IN THIS GIGANTIC TASK, IS ALL GLARING TO MISS.
1 0 3.All NGO's should upload their kids detail on ALL INDIA portal(mandatory for grants from Govt).
4.for villages where internet is not assessable this responsibility can be given to  the Gram Panchayat and the Postal deptt. Make the poster of lost & found mandatory in fates and in public functions. local MLA can also be involvled in this.
1 0 1.There should be one portal on All India basis which is  to be linked to all Police stations . This portal should be accessible to all people  as kidnapping
is not confined to one state only.
2.Govt should  have separate fund which can utilized on social media  sites
As  in the case of Baby jhanvi in west delhi last year was found / forced by the kidnappers to leave her due to social media pressure.
1 0 In the country many childrens are missing from streets and from households by kidnapping and doing child sexual exploitation and child slavery. Our country future is children's. if we don't secure them then our country future is in darkness in coming years. We have to finish this poverty in the country.
4 0 Respected Sir,
Please find attached a PDF file containing 11 suggestions regarding the web portal for the missing children.
Best wishes,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti
5 0 All popular TV channels (vernacular and English) must contribute a 15 min prime time spot for broadcasting pictures of regions's missing children. This must be made mandatory as part of corporate CSR.
4 0 The website must be linked to Global helpline number, the moment people call on the number the website must take data from it and new record must be generated automatically.
3 0 ऐसे बचो की फोटो वेबसाइट पर डाली जाएँ एवं आकशवाणी या दूरदर्शन के द्वारा लोगो तक उनके बारें मैं बतायाँ जाएँ. बच्चें एक राज्य से दुस्सरे राज्य मैं भेज दिए जातें हैं कई बार. ऐसे मैं जयादा से जायदा लोगो तक सुचना पहुचाने से वे जल्दी मिल सकते हैं. साथ ही लोगो को हेल्पलाइन नंबर इस्तेमाल करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया जाएँ.
2 0 If you have aadhar in place many things get fixed. Any found child bio metric can be matched with the date in Aadhar and his complete details like his name, address can be traced.
Push for Aadhar for all citizen in next 6 months.
3 0 माननीय से अनुराेध् है िक एक बार महसुस कर साेचे िक उन बच्च्ाांे पर क्या िबतता हाेगा जाे छाेटी अायु में िबना अपने माता िपता या परिवार के हाे जाते हाेगें एेंसे अपरािध्ायाें काे  ताे माैत से कम काेइ सजा नही
3 0 1 Bio metric data bank to be generated for every child at school level and  for all      citizens,
2 match software of khoya and paya ,
3 Data bank every shelter homes.
4
1 0 #MissingFoundInformation.A website connecting all police stations in total nation may be started duly including details of khoya/paya child.
3 0 DNA IDEA MAY BE GOOD.TAKE THE DNA TEST OF PARENTS AND CHILDRENS WHO WERE FOUND.IF IT MATCHES
1 0 We need to go for mass appeal against lost kids through media,so, that information be gathered from people volunteering for help and police be supportive in nature and trained in handling the situation.Strict law to be brought if people employ or involve in deploying such kids.Rehabilitating kids recovered from trap with help of civil society and ngo's.
2 0 Search option should have filters like gender, age group(should include error margin as the estimation may not be exact), height, color, locality, language(spoke by the child).
2 0 their are two ways to find missing childerens
1.check the police records whether their missing complaints are registered or not
2.we can find out them by going to every shulter homes
2 0 This is undoubtedly one of the most important issue to streamline in a country as vast as india where on a daily basis so many children go missing. According to me, there can be two sections on the portal, 1) consisting of the directory of the parents of the missing children and the 2) The missing children's database. A national awareness drive for the portal should be made so that all the records are on the portal for both parents and the children that is accessible by all countrymen and police
6 0 Big LCD screens should be installed on major railway stations and bus stops, flashing missing children's photos and other details.
This will attract more public attention as many people are not that tech-savvy.
2 0 Indians must discard materialistic positivism to boycott'fabIndia'if they want to respect themselves.The Goa CM's support for'fabIndia'management & putting the blame on the ground level employees exposes the business-politician personal nexus in playing with the modesty of the women. Goa CM, Pl. have the courage & honesty to apply 'vicarious responsibility' to the 'fabIndia' management & do not victimise the ground level employees(when,Indian private sector is the epitome of feudalism).
2 0 Its very simple those child kidnappers should punished severely, how very simple if some one caught for kidnapping children's just execute to remove those kidnapper eyes, and one hand and one leg. automatically those kidnappers will change their business or change their attitude. is it possible to change the law and order need amendment with severe punishment.... how many people agree start counting now 1,2,3,....10 million likes ? not enough 120million likes.... yes.. satisfied.
2 0 IEEE is having the biggest database of papers and journals. All those papers are accessible only to it's members and on a payment basis. Why are they not providing the information free of cost? Dont you feel information and knowledge are to be shared? Like we get free inspiration from ted. Modi Govt can help us to register and free access of IEEE ?
2 0 Excellent thought
There should be some special #WhatsApp number for #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment.
Government can collaborate with WhatsApp authority and can send notification regarding #MissingChildren on daily basis.And large number of WhatsApp population is also gonna take interest.
2)This thing can be done with some special Android app which gives some benefit to user by collaborating with mobile operators.Mobile operators can spent some money as part of there social responsibility
3 0 an excellent initiative driven forward properly will be boom to all.I have the following suggestions:
1 optional data bank like Aadhar can be built up for children above 5 yrs and upto 18 yrs
2.whenever a child is missing wide publicity can be given in TVs. It should be mandatory even for commercial channels to transmit the same free of charge
3. Whenever a missing child is located also similar publicity to be given
4. In dangerous situations it may be suficient to inform Police over phone
2 0 this is a really nice thought...cause a parent cant bear distance from child and same is with the children.....and their should also be a option of adoption when no one claims the child because their are a lot of people who just leave their children because of various reasons....though this is hurting but is true.....and it should be so easy to use that illiterate could operate it and list should be generated so that it is easy to find the child in list....
2 0 This move will certainly help in saving the children from vices of the society. However, this initiative could be made a success on a sustainable basis if the penetration of internet would be increased.
Apart from this, since the probability of missing chidren bein found near the bus stations, railway stations, so there should be a seamless connectivity so that the citizen could upload the info. within shortest possible time. Any delay may prove costly for the child.
1 0 Government Should Open 550 Centers/ Every Loksabha Area As KHOYA PAYA. Every Indian Citizen and Government Person should communicate child information with these center. The parents can easily contact to these centers only. It will easily track to search our MISSED children. #MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya
2 0 खोये बच्चों को अपने मां-बाप से मिलाने के लिए एक सॉफ्टवेयर बनाइये और उसे देश के हरेक पंचायत से जोड़िए। उसे अगर लोगों के मोबाइल से जोड़ने का काम हो सके। लोग अगर उस पर अपने खोये बच्चों का डिटेल डाल सकें, गांव का नाम, मां-बाप का नाम और जिला तो बड़ा उपकार होगा। हो सके तो टीवी चैनलों और सिनेमा वालों को प्रोत्साहित करें कि ऐसे बच्चों के बारे में सूचनाएं दें। उन्हें टैक्स में छूट दीजिए।
1 0 (1) National database of missing children with Web portal & Social media accounts including FB, Twitter & WhatsApp. Where ppl can upload & search information.
(2) All news TV channels get subsidized land etc from govt. Force them to put a 30 minute slot to run a 'missing children' program, where they must telecast info on missing children, just like DD used to do.
1 0 Sir,
Following are my suggestions on a web portal for missing children:-
1. For both KhoyaPaya sections photo uploading and relevant information related to them must be uploaded.
2. Prize money (if possible) should be declared.
3. For Paya section recent video of the #Children to be uploaded.
4. Person / NGO helping in tracing the #MissingChildren should be recorded and displayed at appropriate place
1 0 A 2 member team should be arranged in each state and must be sent to find the reality from both side within a day. photo may be downloaded by some fraud man.
here online video chat may help to find the correct path.
1 0 The web portal should be linked cross country to ensure its functioning, the person uploading the image should be verified by sending an OTP (One Time Password) on the cell number to ensure that no fraudulent person can misuse the same. In case of misuse, strict action must be taken to set an example and ensure the same does not happen again.
As mentioned by Shailendra Tiwari, linking the portal with social sites will definitely increase its reach and ensure success.
1 0 Sir,
Following are my suggestions on a web portal for missing children:-
1. For both KhoyaPaya sections photo uploading and relevant information related to them must be uploaded.
2. Prize money (if possible) should be declared.
3. For Paya section recent video of the #Children to be uploaded.
4. Person / NGO helping in tracing the #MissingChildren should be recorded and displayed at appropriate place.
1 0 The web portal should be linked cross country to ensure its functioning, the person uploading the image should be verified by sending an OTP (One Time Password) on the cell number to ensure that no fraudulent person can misuse the same. In case of misuse, strict actin must be taken to set an example and ensure the same does not happen again.
As mentioned by Shailendra Tiwari, linking the portal with social sites will definitely increase its reach and ensure success.
0 0 खोया पाया वेबसाइट पर सरकार की  सहायता करने वाले नागरिकों को ईनाम की व्यवस्था करनी चाहिये, इसके साथ इस वेब पोर्टल को सोशल साइट्स से भी जोड़ना चाहिये.
हर हाल मे सार्वजानिक स्थानों पर भीख मांगने वाले बच्चों का रिकॉर्ड इकठ्ठा होना चाहिये, जिस से मानव तस्करी पे रोक लग सके.
2 0 Untill n unless all police stations of india are not connected via web this menance of human trafficing will go on n there is no stringent law to deal with these mafias.In so much of certificates asked by us include biometric aswell as dna id then we can be able to curb this menance by its root.
0 0 you can find 90% of the missing kids by just uploading photos of kids begging on street on a common pan India portal with access to all those parents who file a complaint.
Anyone who is driving on street can click the picture of such kids and upload it to the said website.
1 0 Instead of Missing Children, THE WEB-PORTAL CAN BE FOR " MISSING PERSONS " & CAN BE CLASSIFIED FOR :
( 1 ) MALE &
( 2 ) FEMALE
B.SHANMUGANATHAN / 98948-66843
COIMBATORE ( TN )-641041.
1 0 All missing persons details could be made available on mobile app to all citizens. Citizens should be able report the abandoned children by clicking his/her photo which could be analysed using face recognition software.
Our Country not actively Work in Child Protection Issue Missing Child Already a web portal but tay not work properly  like CWC,JJB, BLCPC, VLCPC etc in West Bengal
As soon as a child is to get their DNA details link with Adhar
1 1 जो बच्चे  बस अड्डों, चौराहों, मंदिरों या अन्य सार्वजनिक स्थानों पर भीख मांगत मिलते हैं या बाल मजदूरी करते हुए मिलते हैं सरकार उन बच्चों की उनकी पूरी जिम्मेदारी ले, और उनको नया जीवन प्रदान करे। इस कदम से बच्चे चोरी होना या खो जाना बन्द हो जायेगा
1 1 (3) Face recognition technology must be used to match photos of children in database.
1 0 (1) National database of missing children with Web portal & Social media accounts including FB, Twitter & WhatsApp. Where ppl can upload & search information.
(2) All news TV channels get subsidized land etc from govt. Force them to put a 30 minute slot to run a 'missing children' program, where they must telecast info on missing children, just like DD used to do.
1 0 LCD TVs at railway station ,trains,bus stands, religious crowded places,malls and buses must show photos of missing persons.People may call up help desk to update the details if they would like to report the missing person.
1 0 All police staff must have mobile application loaded with missing person details.On suspicion,photo of suspicious person could be uploaded by police staff for facial recognition.On 80% resemblance ,policy may start the legal course of action.
1 0 Details of dead bodies recovered by police  need to be uploaded with proper details.Good software would help police/citizens in matching the missing person details with dead body details uploaded by Police.Accordingly On 80% matching resemblance,police may connect with concerned family.
1 0 All missing persons details could be made available on mobile app to all citizens. Citizens should be able report the abandoned children by clicking his/her photo which could be analysed using face recognition software.Accordingly on 80% resemblance police may take the child in custody for further verification.
2 0 2) ON the main page of website, it should broadcast all the missing persons with photo, name and last seen. It should have a link to see more details along with options of Showing all states or search for missing person from any particular state.
3) To report any found person, the website should have details of the nearest contact centre with address n contact no. about where to approach and also a national hotline no. to report if anyone find a lost children.
2 0 Dear PMO, this is a great idea and we really need such type of website to be online as soon as possible.
Below are some points from my side which can help it to make better.
1) As soon as a child is born in any hospital, there should be way to get their DNA details and link it to their parents aadhar card, so if a child is lost and found again by searching their DNA details it can be traceable to their parents ( can be start in Metro city first) #khoyaPaya
2 0 By opening separate web site for missing children connect this with their AAdhar card data so that any child can identified with its real data .The photo and all information should publish in all TV channel regularly  so that maximum communication can be possible.
3 0 खोये बच्चों को अपने मां-बाप से मिलाने के लिए एक सॉफ्टवेयर बनाइये और उसे देश के हरेक पंचायत से जोड़िए। उसे अगर लोगों के मोबाइल से जोड़ने का काम हो सके। लोग अगर उस पर अपने खोये बच्चों का डिटेल डाल सकें, गांव का नाम, मां-बाप का नाम और जिला तो बड़ा उपकार होगा। हो सके तो टीवी चैनलों और सिनेमा वालों को प्रोत्साहित करें कि ऐसे बच्चों के बारे में सूचनाएं दें। उन्हें टैक्स में छूट दीजिए।
3 0 The site should be linked with social sites...the moment a childern goes missing and registed in the site....an alarm with the children is raised at entire social sites
2 0 step no 1- creat a missing diary corner in every block. step no 2-appoint some dedicated person with some remunaration in that corner . step 3 - trained them like detective as they can locate missing children. step 4- give  order to local PS to take action regarding this as top priority.
1 1 i an gaurav sharma i have not to job in futhers i have job no bpo call ceanter in indore pleased sir can you job offer to me i.t. information teacknoge pleses
1 0 I will do Violantery service daily tow hours {8 to 10 pm} threw the mobail :8106586536.
3 0 SINCERETY is required to handle the issue of missing children, the gravity of situation to be understood,it becomes more important when children may be stolen by various rackets for selling, sex or by childless parents,even one child is saved that is most important.
2 0 Re-habitation centres shall be open up in each district (one or more) Senior citizens shall be given responsibility to take care of it that includes management, food, lodging and education. missing children or elders shall be brought to these centres and all information like medical (dna, finger prints etc) and non medical shall be generated here, these information shall be connected to all centres, this is all to prevent misuse of missing children,
3 0 Since DNA testing are done in hospitals. What we can do is to collect DNA of every individual child born, assign a specific number and feed this number in National Identification Centre(to be found) from where we can identify missing children and hand over them to their authentic guardians.Second since missing people generally includes new born babies, aged ones and person with severe disturbance.For them form a district nodal points for lost people which carries out detailed investigation.
3 0 #mygov i think sabse pehle apko mygov se mobile App bnana chahiye jis se People jaldi connect ho ske mygov se
3 0 what we can do is we can post photos of missing children on various websites and on all government websites and even we can create an app "going to home",in the app we can create a section in which one can do a online report if child is missing or any other problem. and another section in which one can share photos of missing children etc. we can also encourage parents to download the app on their ward phones and we can create an emergency button in app,which will under control of child helpline
1 0 Government Should Open 550 Centers/ Every Loksabha Area As KHOYA PAYA. Every Indian Citizen and Government Person should communicate child information with these center. The parents can easily contact to these centers only. It will easily track to search our MISSED children. #MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya
1 0 an effort to be made for the severely mentally ill persons who talk irrelevent and go out of home and get lost despite of available treatment. It becomes difficult at times for authorities to find guardains and to reintergrate them back to family leaving both the family and lost person traumatized. At the treatment providing areas some biometric identity e.g retinal scan etc can be kept and can merged in the cloud so that data can be found whenever necessary by appropriate authorities.
3 0 Add a page which is completely dedicated to report any suspicious situation by anyone. Example: We are aware of beggars, dhongi babas, servants, etc., picking kids and handing them to various groups. Anyone suspecting such a person or a situation should be able to report it on the site which should be closely monitored by a Team for further action. Direct questioning them may not be welcomed but keeping an eye on their activities may help in avoiding kids getting missed.
1 0 #KhoyaPaya We should develop a portal on which anyone can register the missing complaint and by default the complaint will be shared with an # tag to the social media accounts of that portal. From where we can pledge a minimum number of sharing on our social media accounts to spread the news viral way. whoever finds the child can report to nearest police station about the missing child. The person who will find the child should be given a badge and should be published on web and social profile.
0 0 #KhoyaPaya We should develop a portal on which anyone can register the missing complaint and by default the complaint will be shared with an # tag to the social media accounts of that portal. From where we can pledge a minimum number of sharing on our social media accounts to spread the news viral way. Anyone who finds the child can report to nearest police station about the missing child. The person who will find the child should be given a badge and should be published based on regular basis.
1 0 First of all, very few people open these government portals. We need more social media penetration. Too many portals will not help. We need a singular hub that will broadcast messages from all different portals, and possibly a way to update the same to Facebook/Tweeter. But how to attract people to the hub? By integrating the portal in our daily life by making it the center of our everyday public service activities.
1 0 We need to provide a global website for reporting the missing children with identifications and this should be made available for all police stations for access. even the public should be able to post the missing content and people should be able to reply or report if they found someone.
0 1 Indeed a very innovative approach. In order to make it successful reporting missing children has to be made hassle-free.
1 0 This move will certainly help in saving the children from vices of the society. However, this initiative could be made a success on a sustainable basis if the penetration of internet would be increased.
Apart from this, since the probability of missing chidren bein found near the bus stations, railway stations, so there should be a seamless connectivity so that the citizen could upload the info. within shortest possible time. Any delay may prove costly for the child.
1 0 One web page can be created which shows photo of each missing child. As soon as a report received by Police, photo may be uploaded on this website. Local page of this web to be displayed at local railway station, bus stand, airport, taxi stand and social site like facebook
1 0 यह योजना तो एक नायब तोहफा है बच्चो के लिए पर इस योजना का सही लाभ तब मिलेगा जब सभी मिलकर एक साथ प्रयास करेंगे  यदि प्रत्येक जीले में एक संगठन बनाकर कार्य योजन के तहत अंजाम तक पहुचाया जा सकता है ......
1 0 This is a grand initiative. But there should be healthy bureaucracy ensured for the better working of the initiative.I think tech can also give its part like there can be an app where the missing people's details and images can be put in and available 2 public so that if anyone finds the person can immediately update details.And I think being wise parents, all should provide their children safety advices or fix trackers in small kids'.
0 0 There must be some technology through which we can track a person's location by his/her image. So, A committee can be formed in every city or state, where every single person living in that area is registered, so that the committee members can keep an eye on the total no. of public they have in that particular area.
2 0 1)Just like popularity 108 service has many state,make this service popular on similar line2)Make public comfortable to call this service upon sighting any child /doubt. 3)Reward the caller4)Make child learn their contact details in play school5)Introduce reserved column in Print media at specific page 6)Time bound action plan shall be enforced with immediate effect-like in banking eg timelimit for DD,acc. opening 5)All public place shall have Public Announcement system to announce immediately.
0 0 there should be a tracker in the pocket of the student
0 0 For this noble purpose, we should have a free mobile app on all platforms like Android, iOS & Window Mobile etc.. The app should also be connected to major Social Media sites.
And Google cloud Messaging should be use to send the notification to KhoyaPaya users. Also an APIs should be written on KP database and given free to promote the purpose to big companies to KP daily newletter etc on main page of their websites.
0 0 Its a good move. It should be shared via social media. Gov should make a country wide group of all mobile numbers and send the message to groups. For say if one group is made for all whatsup user so message of missing children spread in one shot by sending the message to group.
0 0 Please make an strong appeal to parents to teach their kids to remember the mobile numbers at the earliest age of learning. This will help kid to come home some day.
0 0 Thank you for the Operation Smile initiated under the Home Ministry. My suggestion is every district head quarter of police should publish the updated list of rescued children online and in front of their office. New department of human trafficking should set up a task force to pick up these kids from roads, signal, factories and illegal child shelter houses and update the same to district headquarter of police.
2 0 #KhoyaPaya, #Children, #MyGov
Suggestions:
-Khoya Paya portal should work with internet ads(like Google ads etc.)
-A permanent location should be fixed in mass transport units(like buses, platforms, stands, Trains, Metros, auto-rickshaw e-rickshaws etc)
-A universal toll free contact number should be there all time(24X7) running
-Those NGOs, Civil Society Institutions working for missing peoples can be linked to expand the working area and their experiences to synergy these efforts
0 0 Missing child photos to be shown on  TV  like any famous serial ads, or in Cricket match , where all nation is watching.
0 0 Citizens are not aware of the portal site where you can chk for the missing children..kindly popularise such sites through media, so that it becomes popular among the masses..then comes the second half.,.to update both missing and found kids..every individual will then only search as well update via a common site...
1 0 take the dna of the parents of missing child & make the dna bank. after that run the campaion of taking dna of the children those are beggar at the lights or child labourer. this will make minimum 50 % of childeren will get back to their home.
the one most importent thing for crime free india the police should be honest
0 0 Those low ranking police constables / or police stations who reunite maximum missing childrens in a year to them....... Provide Cash awards /promotions and National recognition ..........this will create a competition in the police force and more reunions of children with their parents........
0 0 with techno logic we it easy to found within a minute child. I have one plan to find out child with android apps. we develop child face reader. parent update photo day to day. if some one people find their child and one click on photo. apps match photo. and parent notification to your child is on this place with this people. apps name click for child. i request to narendra modi introduce this apps....
Thanks,
Viral
9727010878
0 0 iris can be stored along with aadhar database during birth with mother / father. IN case of child found iris check can be quickly done to find the parent.
For this we need portal , low cost iris scanner.
2 0 Throughly check the beggers as 50%  of missing children are found with them.
1 0 All public places like railyway station , bus depots etc should have a images of missing person going on.
0 0 Try to get biometric from parent / children found begging. so that it can be matched.
0 0 About the portal advertisements can be given in all the tv channels.
0 0 भारत के सभी शहरो की नगर पालिका, नगर परिषद् और पुलिस की वेबसाइट में 10 वर्ष से कम उम्र के बच्चों की फ़ोटो और उनके घर का पता अपडेट होना चाहिए ।
1 0 This portal, as it is, I believe is in perfect shape. The next logical step would be to spread extensive awareness about this portal. It should also be ensured that both central and state law enforcement, along with other concerned agencies, be mandated to regularly update this portal with complaints they receive, which may not have been uploaded to this Portal. This would ensure that this Portal turns into a database of all missing children in the country, to be traceable by all.
1 0 This could be integrated into the Police website and if the Police dept comes across a missing child they can put up the picture of the child on the website. The central website can have links to all networked police stations
0 0 now receiving lots of Message in whatsapp,so and so child is found contact on this number...don't no the status of genuineness of message.
if child is found it should be immediately contact local police station and  the same detail should be uploaded within 24 hour in web portal of khoya paya.
0 0 As per my view - If child begging and child labour is controlled in our country - This missing of children will control automatically. Center Govt. Should develop an State level NGOs with co-operation of all state police having common Website - if any child is found in any suspicious condition(in child begging/child labour/or any other) then such child will be hand over to such NGOs and these NGOs will take care in all manner like his parents for completion his education and his/her settlement.
0 0 खोया पाया  के लिए एक ऐसी वेबसाइट का निर्माण किया जाये जिस पर भारत के हर राज्य का लिंक हो और उस लिंक पर संबंधित राज्य में खोये सभी लोगों की फोटो मय नाम, पते और सम्बंधित थाने जिस एरिया में गुम हुआ है, का मोबाइल नंबर या लैंडलाइन नंबर हो
इसमें मुख्य बात ये होगी की गुमशुदा की फोटो और नाम कोई भी व्यक्ति वेबसाइट को खोलकर देख सके, लेकिन गुमशुदा से सम्बंधित अन्य सूचना केवल लोगिन आई. डी. द्वारा ही प्राप्त की जा सके गुमशुदा से सम्बंधित सूचना देने वाले के लिए किसी तरह की टेक्निकल या कानूनी बाध्यता न हो
0 0 All efforts should be made to get every child and every parent registered for Aadhar Card. In case a child is lost, if he /she is small they cannot give their identity and it becomes difficult to identify their parent. this will help a lost child easily reach their parents. Bio-metrics reading machines should be installed in every police stations.
0 0 Me and My friends are already working on it. It will be available on our website ekkadam.in within 2-3 days.
0 0 We all have, at some point or the other, received messages on whatsapp, facebook or other social media, that so an child is missing or has been found.  Most of the time these are fake chain messages, initiated for, God knows, what purposes.
However, many of us earnestly forward these messages to our network of friends, with the thought "what if this is a real message".   For those of who fall in this category, it may be a good idea to forward a link to "KhoyaPaya" to all in our network.
0 0 We are just discussing, we are not focusing on the problem. we see many children on street begging, from where do all they come from. We need to develop a website to host the information about the missing children and found children.
We need to think about P3(PCube), that is Public Police Partnership in all aspect, which helps us a lot.
0 0 We have a population of 105 crore. We have alive and death record of say 100 crore. So we have a database of 100 crore. Now every living and dead citizen of India should be given a PICode (Personnel Identification Code). This code must be linked through portal to the persons DNA, Retina, or Finger Impression.Further, link this PIcode with his Blood Group ,JOB, Bank A/C, School leaving certi, Medical Record/Insu, Police Record, Aadhar Card, Ration Card, Car/Bike License etc. Accessible to all.
0 0 khoyapaya- please collect the DNA samples of an infant as soon as it is born and maintain a broad database and link it to aadhar.
0 0 portal - Just photos of  all missing children, and short description(Age,sex,place where found, mole) should be displayed along with photo(Kind of thumbnail), audio recording of the kid is encouraged.
- Search should be provided for Age (Range-11-14,3-6,...), place where found, color, language they speak
- Based on the IP address, the list of kids shown should be shown from that place language, skin and other known characteristics.
- Accessed child should not be shown again and again.
0 0 Ask police & all agency to find out all beggar having small kid with them get it probed child belongs to them or not . 90% missing cases will be solved if the child with beggars are  thoroughly probed and their identity are updated in a data base.  .
0 0 1. Photo or video of the missing child should be up loaded
2. Portal should be linked with all the police station and NGOs website
3. Portal should be linked with all the social media websites
4. There should be some reward for the people who helping in finding the missing child
5. The details of the person should be kept secrete
6.Name of the portal should be "FINDBOOK.COM"
0 0 All the railway stations and bus stops each and every were children's should not seen as in beggar's this responsibility should take care by the Police, Handed over to the any good child trust, If it well be seen, Police should not take care then that area Asst Commissioner & Inspector should have to be given Sec 17B to that officers or suspended, If it well happens then children's never missing in the any places and hospitals INDIA become power full education in the world
0 0 the web portal should be linked with all police station database.the web portal should prominantly display photos of missing children.for every city a dedicated group should be created to watch the progress of child missing and recovery of them.
0 0 #KhoyaPaya - The web portal to be in our national language Hindi and English as well... The details of the police department be available at the portal...and every police station to have access to this website. Every childe tracking to be done by well defined steps - 
- upload the photo
- Site members to view the children daily
- Any alerts and updates to be posted immediately
- A nominated member of every police station to keep track of the website
- Family details etc.
0 0 #MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya, #Children, #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment, #MyGov
This is a very Good Idea...
We have to make one data base with some advance search & where we can find / search the child by Photo / Name (if known) / Sex / Age (approx) / Birth Mark.
0 0 सड़क पर भीख मांगने वाले बच्चों पर निगरानी रखकर उनका एक डाटाबेस तैयार करवाइए
बच्चों से भीख मंगवाने वालों को जेल में डालिए अपने आप बच्चे खोना बंद हो जायेंगे.
4 0 1) Complete adhaar for street children .
2) Link DNA information to Adhaar
3) Complete DNA id for parents who lost their kids
4) Publish database on web
3 0 Gather the children who go around begging under one roof. If  evidence exist of kidnapping nab them. give them merciless punishment... then only the portal or missing site will work to the expected level.
2 0 1.Parents should be able to lodge a complaint via his mobile.
2.Once a complaint is made, details can be circulated to all the registered users vis email/whatsapp.
3.Someone who wants to report finding a missing child, should be able to do it via his mobile. Based on the location from where the email/SMS is received, the nearest police station is informed allowing them to reach the location immediately.
4.In case of someone not having access,allow them to call a helpline and file complaint.
1 0 If we need to make a web portal lets make it smart and user friendly.
Please find details attached, hope its useful.#MissingChildren
1 0 #KhoyaPaya 1. I think the site should handle the missing and sighting in a two different ways. As per most of the rules of the site, people will not be encouraged to share the information of the children they sighted in illegal places...
2. Apart from Hindi/English other languages also could be supported by this site KhoyaPaya.
2 0 details attached
1 0 #KhoyaPaya 1.In the 'I have lost the child' page in the family details page itself the mobile number could be marked as mandatory instead of validating after submitting.
2.If parents lodged complaints in police station about the missing child,the details of the police station and contact details of that police station could be added while giving the missing child details. So that people could directly report it to the police if they happen to see the child. This may speed up rescuing the child.
0 0 HRD Ministry to make 10-15 minutes documentaries on various topics like -1) root causes of child missing 2) ways and means to avoid the missing of child 3) its consequences & impact on the child and parents 4) child trafficking 5) how to search a missing child etc. These documentaries should be shown to children in schools from time to time and also to the parents.
1 0 While issuing the birth certificate, hospitals must also issue basic identification certificate of the child like blood group, birth mark, any abnormality/specialty about the child, DNA details, color of eye/skin at the time of birth etc. and put into central data-base of the India for multipurpose uses throughout the life of the child.
0 0 Install video/cctv/eye at home and teach the child to see the guest calling the bell outside the door while alone in the house and do not open the door for any stranger.
0 0 CCTV installation must at all public places. While travelling- do not leave the child to strangers without precautions.
0 0 Before deploying house helps like maid, servants, drivers etc must take their photos, identity proof, address proof, license, educational background, registration at police/society, check their family background.
0 0 The identity system should be strictly followed in schools while leaving and taking the child. Sometimes due to ignorance and carelessness, the systems are flouted at lower level. To check and monitor from time to time that the systems are in place.
0 0 Children are tech-savy in this digital world. Teach the child about the menace of cyber-crime. Like do not chat with strangers and do not reveal about yourself and about the family to any strangers. Show them documentary of child trafficking to create awareness.
0 0 Parents must think the possible risks before sending the child out of home alone and take all precautions.Like-do not talk to strangers;not to lure by toys & candy;child have address and contact details of home in his pockets;learn about routes and landmark to home;always stay in groups with other children & teachers.Parents should have contact details of teachers/school and transporters/drivers etc. with whom the child goes to school. Do not leave the child to neighbors without precautions.
1 0 Why missing of children in India the most in the world? The root cause is carelessness and unsafe practices. Parents have to deal with the child as precious as their own life. In public places, one can see a foreigner tie the child with a belt in his waist and another end of the belt in parents’ hand. To create awareness amongst parents- the ways and means to keep the child safe.
1 0 Missing children are a topic of big issue.if there any Child missing and reported in Police documrnts so all the related information must strictly conveyed to each and every police station .  The expected portal should have The images ,all personal details of the child missing from each and every state of India.All the towns,villages,cities must be connected to it.This portal should be Easily accesible and basically user friendly.
1 0 Khoya Paya portal should be connected with Facebook & Twitter so that it can reach to more and more people. Some reward program should be there.
0 0 2 Clean India - There are so many BEGGARs in India. You can assign them clean India work. They were available on all the public places like temple,masjid,station,street everywhere.So these people can clean these all the places and get only money if they are ready to going to clean their area.And for money boxes should be their on places where public put money by their own wish like they give in temple.Just you need to arrange people to give money from box to particular BEGGAR as per their work.
0 0 Respected sir :
1 Jhopadpatti - There should be restricted rule for jhopadpatti people to born only one or two child or how much they can care. Because if they can not complete their own needs ,so they don't have right to born so many to again capture another place and live in same way. You can never finish jhopadpatti from India.
0 0 We need to prepare a website for missing people only. Which is connected with every police station so police station able to upload missing people data regularly with FIR report on website. So family people able to check status on website. If someone see missing people then he will able to update info on website directly which is helpfull for family and police.
We need to paste photo on railway and bus stop so maximum people able to see this and help in searching.
0 0 1) Develop a smallest GPS Device to hook in school begs, shirt or under garment.
2) Parents can setup pre-defined routes or areas for own children e.g home to school, home to park, home to some friends. and can get alert on mobile whenever children go out of these routes or area.
3) Schools should be accountable if any children is not covered with GPS Device.  
As a google maps developer, I'm sure it's absolutely possible.
0 0 Rightnow, we are in a good way of capturing biometric data through AADHAR. Its should be like our POLIO Booth camp with intensive coverage, i.e at govt offices, schools, bus stops, industrial establishments,Rly stations, at market places. Through this, we cover large section of our population. And, there should be AADHAR readers at all police stations, govt offices to identify a individual immediateky.
1 0 1) A data repository with DNA profiling of #Children found and parents who have reported of #MissingChildren
2) Reliable way to match parents with their children is DNA
3) DNA profiling for all in future has immense prospect in health service and governance
Simplest way is to have DNA profiling of parents who have lost their children and whenever there is a report of any #MissingChildren found just perform his/her DNA profiling to match to correct parents in the database.
#KhoyaPaya #MyGov
1 0 It is a very good move by govt.A master data base should be created which should include all the children under the ages 16 (school going,forced beggers of that age, childe labour with their photo and unique I'd.This web portal should be printed on school books,nnote books as mandatory guide line,all train compartments.Govt should use CEC as head of all such activities,help from NGO also to be used as input.Within one year we should able to bring all children of India under one roof.Then it is e
0 0 BASIC-CHILDREN MUST AND SHOULD KNOW THE PHONE NUMBERS OF THEIR PARENTS AND ADDRESS OF THEIR HOUSE.
CREATING AWARENESS AMONG THE PEOPLE FOR THE NEED TO LOOK KEENLY ABOUT THE MISSING PERSONS AND IF FOUND SUCH SHOULD IMMEDIATELY INFORM THEIR CONCERNED AND POLICE.
0 0 Dear Sir,
First of all at every public places where ever there is TV (such as railway station) they should show ads of missing people.
Thank you.
1 0 इसका एक मोबाइल app भी होना चाहिए।
जहाँ लापता बच्चों की जानकारी दी व प्राप्त की जा सके।
साथ ही सुचना देने वाले हर व्यक्ति को एक निश्चित उपहार भी दिया जाना चाहिए।
0 0 dear sir adhar card is very imp thing if we have adhar card of each and every person  this will solve easily
1 0 continue from previous ...
then the every child locket type sim connected through web portal by a unik number which can be open on the basis of DNA,FINGER PRINT,BLOOD GROUP ETC WITH all required detail and whenever see a child bagging take photo and informed to Police station with pics of FIR and pics uploaded on portal and portal will directly ask to concerned SP and SHO wil report the same like that the App require option and also connect to messaging of all process of particular file running
1 0 We can make a online connectivity through police department as well as Post office
People will take a photo and post on the Web portal also there is a FIR and Post office Postal box where people secretly a letter post and post master linked the letter to webportal
we require a system of unik identity or sim type tracer on the mode of locket which remains always with the child whenever the child goes away from certain distance it will give a msg to Parents like that it will work
2 0 The best thing we can do for this is linking DNA details, mobile No, family DNA to UID (Aadhar). Whenever we find such children/mentally disabled persons, we need a toll free number to report. Better if we have a IRIS scanner and finger print scanner in our mobile. with these we can scan and send details to the website. In turn the website should validate the details and give information to the concerned family members and also to the sent person.
0 0 also gov should keep some Led TV on Every Point where details of kids can be seen.but sir aap ye sab karo or sudharo uss se pahele har indian ko sudhar na ho ga...we are care less about every thing almost....but still is we improve our self so it can save a life of some one...
0 0 on time of birth there should be some biometric as well as so technology base solution for this the only we can 1st stop missing child the for missed child government should make one team in every city who will make database of Every Child on Rode side as well in home by that in very short time one data base with Photo will be with us and then that image and details should be keep on one website and also in centre made for this in every city.don't involve police dept because they are very busy.
0 0 Utilize hospitals, schools, vaccination camps also as a platform to record the identity of kids: Name, Photograph, Finger prints, Parents/Guardians or any details that helps in identification. Use it as a single point of truth.
0 0 To locate missing children first and foremost everyone must walk with open eyes and huge heart. All children must go school. Taxi service/ Boarding in hostels/ messing facility be given to responsible and committed NGOs. To track missing children ISRO and mobile operators can use biometric data and navigate their movement for guiding police and guardians.
0 0 The R&D section allotted for this task should encourage scientist and research students to develop a software/ web portal which can scan through the many database that will be uploaded online by volunteers or general public who come across these missing children. We can also increase the efficiency using big data analysis and other sophisticated analysis including face recognition. The national informatics center (NIC) can work with Indian Police to make it happen.
1 0 we need to build low cost RFID tags or chips that will be attached to every child and elderly citizen.Database of all police stations across the country needs to be integrated,this will help in faster policing and prevention of crime.
0 0 Sir, Children, specially abled & elderly persons must possess their respective AADHAR No. written on their back with unharmful ink. Hence any un-attended children/ persons, noticed by a gentleman/ lady shall be immediately taken to nearest police station. Then responsive police personnel will conduct tracking of address at P.S through UIDAI website and hand over the child/ person to his/ her near and dear one. #KhoyaPaya, #MinistryofWomenandChildWelfare, #MyGov
1 0 Biometrics of all kids should be created and stored in a centralized database.
Make it Mandatory to list all kids across INDIA.
Make a centralised database of all missing/found children for india, that are accessible by Police, Immigration dept, NGOs Local community/Authority.
Any child found without parent/guardian should be picked up immediately for biometrics (especially rag pickers, beggar's, child labour).
A strict action plan needed to implemented to remove child labours.
0 0 THE best way to trace a lost child is action as soon as the child is lost so that the child is not taken far from the place where it is lost, a govt machinery will have to be developed with full co-operation from people to act immediately when one comes to know that a child is lost NEWS ON T V,RADIO,MOBILE,NEWS PAPER,LOCAL ORGANISATIONS ,LOCAL ANNOUNCEMENTS ALL WILL HAVE TO BE TRIGGERED IMMEDIATELY SO THAT THE CHILD LIFTER IS SCARRED TO MOVE WITH THE CHILD AND FORCED TO LEAVE HIM ALONE
0 0 goverment ko chahiye ke reason pta kare.
child missng ke karan kya hai
child ko kyu kis liye kidnap kiya ja raha h.
aur simple us cheez ko khtm kare.
idhar khoya paaya abhiyan chal raha aur dusri  traf train par bache bheek bhi maang rahe hai..
gov ko chahiye ki in sub cheezo ko khtm kare child missn apne aap khtm hoga
0 0 HUM BACHOE KAE KHONAE MAE KHUD EK GROUP KYU NAHI BANATEH KYU HUM NGOS KAE WAIT KARTAE HAE JIS TARAH HUM ALAG ALAG SHEHAR SAE IS GROUP MAE SHARE KARH RAHE HAE APNI BAAT USI PRAKAR AGAR HUM YEHI BAAT FACEBOOK PARH YA WHATUP PARH EK GROUP BANAIYE TOEH MISSING CHILDRENS KAE LIYE YEH HAMARI EK PEHAL HOGI KYU HUM GOVT KAE WAIT KARHTAE HAE
0 0 KHOYA PAYA KAE LIYE AAPKOE SOCIAL MEDIA KI MADAD KI JARURAT PAREIGI JAISE DELHI NCR MAE AGAR KOI BACHA KHOTAH HAE TOEH JARUR WOH KISI AUR SHEHAR MAE HOGA ISKAE LIYE FACEBOOK PARH EK GROUP OR WHAT UP PARH BHI EK GROUP KI JARURAT KYUKI WHATUP OR FACEBOOK ALL OVER INDIA CHALHTI HAE ISKI HELP SAE HUM KISI KAE BHACHAE KOE DHUNDH SAKTA HAE ATHVA AGAR WOH BACHAE KISI KAE PASS HAE TOEH HUM USAH USKAE MATA PITA TAK PAHUCHA SAKTAE HAE ISH KAAM MAE KAI  CHILDLINE NGO KAAM KARH MAGAR WOH PRAKT NAHI HAE
1 0 This is a good initiative..we can have have images of all kids uploaded on the website. And public can view it, and people encouraged to be give updates. This concept can be promoted on news channels..radio channels, this awareness may reduce india's missing children. Also, stage shows/ NGO can reach out to people in villages to stop being lured by money of big cities.
1 0 Put up the picture of the missing kids, the venue where they were lost and name,address of the kid on the web portal.Announce a reward to motivate people to provide information on their whereabouts.Start a helpline number for people to communicate any information on them.#MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya, #Children, #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment, #MyGov
1 0 1. learning to state their full name, address, contact no, see videos of abduction and learn methods to leave footprints of abduction to help tracking, co-operate with the abductors to avoid damage to life, eat and drink well, keep the faces and place in eye and mind so as to state later easy to nab the culprits, dos and don'ts while away from home and secure places
1 0 Local authorities should be trained to be sensitive to the issue of missing children. Basically sharing of information between different agencies and a little bit of Devotion to the cause by the authorities will simply solve this issue of finding lost children.
1 0 At the rate India has missing children, I think a special cell should be created based at district headquarters under the supervision of the SP and the Collector. These cells should be integrated all over India. this unit or special cell should be connected to NGOs related to children. without interlinking all these cells throughout india it will be useless. being based at the HQ under the supervision of higher authourity of the collecter or the SP will give seriousness to the issue.
0 0 no person should be allowed to avail any transportation along with a child until and unless certain id card is shown claiming the child t be theirs.the procedure sounds complex but prevention is better than cure.it can certainly lessen the further such cases.these id cards will be made at the moment child is born only from the hospital where the child is bon
0 0 we need to create a seprate Dept in Police where all can go in detail record of the same with online record of each children missing on website which can be linked to different NGO as well as some informal groups NGOs. The reason behind this issue is divided in three to four part i.e A.Parents left their children B.Children lost from Home or School C.Some group purposely kidnap and make them Medicant. We need to highlight those    slums areas where our Police Can not reach & Across Border
0 0 Some of the lost children are found in orphanage which are run by different NGOs who is taking there care. We need to integrate with such NGOs as this will provide a platform with larger base. NGOs can provide us data such name, photos, age, place etc. Based on which we need to have a centralised web base for parents to search their lost child
Also we need to educate & increase awareness among people about child trafficking & kidnapping. Even children's need to be educated in schools.
0 0 Have to launch a website for register the missing children and police department also update the missing children..this children photos have to show the public places throw the website link in Bus stand, railways stations etc
0 0 Let us develop a mobile application which would be pre installed on every mobile handset available for sale in india.
2 0 A dedicated TV screen can be kept at the entrance of each railway station, bus stand to flash current missing news with photos. All public sector offices, post offices, schools must be admitted as child missing reporting centers and from there police authorities shall be informed. At the same time the case shall be reviewed by that office with the police authorities periodically and feed back shall be entered in the website if required.All these offices should carry a poster "Child Seva Centre"
1 0 We need to research more to find out specific patterns of child missing  in every state. Approaches should be different of each child based on nature of missing ie either absconding or kidnapping. In all these cases the nature of search also should  follow a scientific pattern. Follow ups should be specific. changes in the data of of each child year after year should reflect timely changes. when a child is returned back that also should reflect in the data base.
0 0 Website will serve all the purposes. Have the automated web enquiry response mechanism whereby whenever whereever anyone wants to lodge complain, submit any information, submit any data, he can share by his own on this website's enquiry page and automatically website will send response with relevant dept. details with contact information and same way message will go to relevant dept. to react/answer query. This will save lots of time and will have records also
0 0 almost many indians are not aware about various initiatives of India. lets have one common website and promote it to spread awareness @ Govt. of India & Govt of States initiatives, achievemnts, milestones, challenges, spent areas, opportunities, support needed, etc.
0 0 lets allot a unit ID to all indians like aadhar card no and map it at centrally located server which will help all of us to create our unique identity. Same way have one unique toll free no / web portal / email ID / mobile no. / landline no. / office (dedicated area) / head or in-charge & team for any initiative and publicize their contact deatils / develop one common website for all Govt. Initiatives having its unique Initiative No., details, authorized persons/body, city, contact no., email,
0 0 install CCTV on ALL railway stations and ISBTs and every border. (2) take unique identity of child at the time of birth like DNA etc so as to map later
0 0 Res Sir . I Think in metro cities we can use tiny size GPS for exact location of our children for those who are below 12 yrs.  this GPS may attch to locket of child around his / her nack. or may attached to handkerchif / to school badge / shoes/ sox/ etc so parent may easily locate our child. This idea may feel like beyond our imagination but before 10 yrs. MObiles/ Smart Phones/ Credit Cards/ Smart cards were also beyond the imagination of COMMEN MAN.
0 0 Respected Sir, PM of India.
   A unique identity for a new born baby with his or her blood group with dna match to be done when a baby is immediatly born. So when in future the a small baby grown to a citizen above 4 year, by default he or she undergoes blood testing or anything it get detected easily who is exact parent of child.
0 0 सरकार किसी भी बढ़ी कंपनी के साथ टाई अप कर इस के लिए बढ़ा बदलाव ला सकती है जैसे गूगल ने अपने  cctv कहीं जगह लगाये रखे है, जो हम आज भी नेट के माध्यम से कहीं पर भी बैठे देख सकते है, हर चौराहे पर बड़ी बड़ी हाई वे से लेकर सुन सानं इलाको तक हम यह ccTV लगा सकते है.शहर, राज्य या देश से बहार जानेवाले किसी भी व्यक्ति के साथ यदि कोई छोटा बालक हो तो उसके सरे कागजात साथ में होने अनिवार्य कर देने चाहिए या कोई  CHILDREN COD  बनाना चाहिए  वो गेट पास की तरह उपयोग हो सके इस से काफी हद तक बदलाव आ सकते है
0 0 GOVT SHOULD BE INCREASE CCT TV CAMERA IN EVERY AREA . SO GOVT SHOULD BE REQUEST ON RICH PEOPLE AND SHOP KEEPER  THEY SHOULD INSTALL CCT CAMERA OUTSIDE OF THEIR HOME AND SHOP  AND MAKE A HELP LINE NUMBER FOR MISSING CHILDREN AND THIS NUMBER WRITE ON OUT SIDE OF SCHOOL BUS STAND IN MARKETS ANS SOCIAL SITES. AND SAY POLICE IF ANY COMPLAINT RECIVED OF MISSING CHILD  THYE TAKE ACTION FAST.
0 0 i think government have to first make one dedicted group which works for missing children cases only.then gave them a toll free number(eg:childhelp line number).then publish adds which give the message for common peoples to plz report if they find any childrens in a suspectful conditions to that number .i think this will help gov for finding missing childrens.
0 0 We should have pictures library of the kids in the database.So whenever someone want to search he can upload picture and can find the origin...We can give this a mobile app too... Also we have to inform the parents to update their kids picture every 6 months... Just an idea
0 1 The best thing as case of current Indian situation is reward the citizen who helps to find the missing child in terms of monitory not justfor that current case but like to introduce a small continous reward plan same like pension plan for good social deeds so that many involve in this and who helped in this continue in helping those children separated from their parents.
0 0 help for childran
0 0 Can we have a mobile app which will help capture random photos for street going kids. It should capture location and photo of the kid. Additional details are welcomed. Im sure it will give you more helpful for the better cause of KhoyaPaya
0 0 My opinion that "Make in India" will get success when "Research in India" will start.So my demand to Govt. Of India should start new Project like "Researh in India"
0 0 most of missing child jo kisi bhaane se yaa fuslaakr use.koi jaan pehchaan vaala hi kidnape krta he or agar child khi gum ho gayaa he to uska vivran banaana hogaa kyaa vokisi ke dabaav me yaa kya presaani ke kaaran gum huaa.cc tv camera kuch help kr saktaa he.lekin
0 0 Sir,
Har area main bahar nikalne ke 4 ya 5 exit hote hain, agar exit 2 hi rakhi jaay to better or dono exits per cctv camera lagwa diya jaay, its a better option. har area main 2 camras to lag he sakte hain ya police check post laga diya jaay i think,this is a better option .
0 0 There is need of add more links that are already available with government like we can give the data of juvenile homes, orphan homes where sometime missing children's comes etc. It will be mandatory for police department to trace every beggar children and enquire about their whereabouts if the child is unable to show any parents then it will be the duty of police officer to capture photo of the child and upload on the portal or send the child to NGO etc.. Also add older people data.Any1 cn LOST
0 0 hi this is roopa bai hm, i would like to tell that, as my experience & as my knowledge if you want to make a without crime good indian society, then first u should thing about police force, how the police force should work honest, because more crime happening in police station only, because police force is the heart of the society very responsible dpt.if you make them do work honest then really 100% indian society will stay safe and happy, then india will go to greater heights.
0 0 must add children name in mother father adhar card also blood group of children if fingerprint or eye scaning not possiable
0 0 Hi, Me Akhter
For this portal there should be paper planing & proper department, There must be govt. Control & there Co-ordinator with the NGO;s.
0 0 Hii,i am from ludhiana . my view is that there is a  mark on the body of the child and this mark is printed on the birth certificate of the child. this help the police and publice to find the child.I am discuss my idea with PM for better idea.
0 0 birth certificate should contain fingerprints and pupil image as it don't change during lifetime, once we have data bank of fingerprints etc it would be easy to nab criminals.
0 0 All missing information from police station should gets upload on this site also , so that if any body found any one he /she may contact without delay the family.
0 0 Every day we see information about missing children on social websites like Facebook, whats up etc, it they provide the link and for sharing it on this govt website it would be great. Integration of services required.
0 0 A centralized data bank containing DNA details of all children found needs to be maintained. Parents who lost their kids can undergo DNA testing and this also can be maintained in a depository. By matching the DNA details from two sources, the parents can be identified quickly and the children can be handed over to them. 
This will also help in preventing child trafficking when people claim that the children with them are their own children.
0 0 Start a campaign, like PMJDY aware the people for helping to missing children and make hassle free process if anyone contact the nearest police station, even instruct the Police station is this regard.
0 0 There should be one common website for all crime related subject, and one portion for child khoya paya , this should be given wide publicity and one link should be attached to Facebook page of khoya paya , photo uploaded in facebook page of khoya paya should be auto updated in website , it can be done by a person also now a days FB page different people are posting missing child photo and appealing to maximum share, so if fb page is government sponsered all people will directly upload on it
0 0 7. For more advanced technology we can go for GPS tracker(in the form of necklace, bangle, ring etc) which can monitor child's movement anywhere on the planet. This can be done for children below 6 years. It will be linked with PSD(Public Security Deptt.)
8. I go for a separate deptt. which mode of work will be entirely different from police, moreover police should be kept separate. Later on I will tell more function that can be undertaken by PSD.
Regards,
Xavier Miranda
0 0 3. All public places should have CC cameras and it will be remotely monitored by PSD(Public security Deptt.)
4. Aadhar card will be in the form of smart card.
5.All entry and exit places to these public places(railway stations,bus stands,park, hospitals,schools,Cinema theaters etc.)should have electronic gates like metro rail and Aadhar Smart cards can be used for entry to these places.
6.  We can think about implanting or pasting small chip under the skin when the child is born.
0 0 1. Make Aadhar card mandatory for every child. Link this site with Aadhar web site to trace child bio-metric data fed in Aadhar web site.
2. Separate wing should be created "Public Security Deptt." separate from police deptt. PSD will be equipped with all modern gadgets like bio-metric, retina reader,advanced Cyber technology, high speed Internet. Person found can be brought to these centers and tracing will be done by tallying their retina and finger prints.
0 0 In order to utilize the wide outreach of internet and popularity of social media,we can have an online campaign which have each lost child indicated as a specially colored pin on the Map. Hovering on top of pin will provide details of the child.Similarly every found child would be indicated a different colored pin.The Map can be zoomed in and out to show where the Kid was lost/found.Social media activities for this would also be shown on the landing page. This will help create a movement
1 0 - put the records of all police stations on this website so that parents who do not have access need not worry
- have an app so that people who views missing children can immediately report
- important public places such as railway stations have CCTV cameras. NIC can develop software's to analyze this feeds for missing children photos
- biometrize the peoples data.start with newborns. this will help.
0 0 सबसे पहले, अपनें या दुसरों के मतलब बच्चा कोई भी हो, उसकी गलती के लिए उसको डाटिएँ न्ही। गलती तो हर किसी से होती है। वो कैसे गलत है यह बात उसको ठीक से समझा दिजिए। उसके साथ उसका दोस्त बनके रहिए और देखिए, आप उसके मन की बात भी जान जाओगे...। ज्यादा तर बच्चे घरमें झगडे की वजह से, एक्झाम में अनुत्तीर्ण होनें की वजह से, या अब जमाना काफी आगे बढ गया है..इसलिए किसी आकर्षण की वजह से घर छोड के जाते है, इस परिस्थिती में आप उनका साथ दे। आपके बच्चेको कोई अगर उठाकर ले गया तो, कैसे प्रतिकार करानां है ये बताएँ।
0 0 There are few imp. scientific changes required to be introduced .
1) New born babies there should be proper scientific way , by which their imp. biometric data is collected and it should be able to use till age of 6-7 where child is able to remember mobile no. of parents 
2) There are various portal like national crime record buereaue , Ministry of women and child , some state protal , some police dept. portal all should be integrated into single portal for missing people
1 0 Namaste, Make smart card of each child or give each children's photograph (or take his pic in mobile/with digital camera of police station) local police or authorized wing. Connect the smart card to satellite & search that chile with help of satellite. That's all. Time saving and money saving.
0 0 I feel that the web portal for missing children should be simple that should be started by the search option(it consider search by name,age,sex,address etc.) of missing child.
1 0 Create a WebApp which takes the details of the Missing Child like Name, Age, identifications, photo etc. Once the details filed in the app, app will send this details to all the major police stations. App will also have the link to social media like FB, twitter to post the details for public (if anyone sees, they can reply on the app comments status). Without a public interaction its very difficult to find the Missing Children.... #MissingChildren
0 0 A web page must be created with full particulars. Effected family must generate a unique code after filling the particulars on that web page and that unique code must be updated automatically in each and every police station of that state. Name of webpage "savekidnappedchild.in/com/org"
0 0 Om
When a baby is born after a few years depending on medical opinion and parent's consent it has to be operated on some convenient part of its person like thigh or leg and an electronic chip is to be inserted that may be conveniently removed later on or preserved as long as one wishes.
0 0 Bahut acchi pahal hai, ek database hona hi chahiye, khoye huye baccho ka, poori detail honi chahiye bachhe ki (photo, age, kahan mila etc etc). Ek helpline number hone chahiye, jis se log apne khoye huye bachho ka data dalva sake aur ye website everyday police stations me aaye lost / kidnap huye bachho ke cases se. Matlab police stations aur haan NGOs through update honi chahiye everyday....
0 0 There should be child care center in every city and mandal head quarter. there should be app for upload the missing childern information in that and by uploading the details,the details should receive every one who uses the internet as a notification automatically who are in that district if the child is not recovered for 2 days the massage should be send to every on the country in this way we can slove the problem easily and the recovery information should also be uploaded
0 0 All orphanages should be registered under the local police station.Number of heads should be investigated time to time and recorded by the police.Employees activity and background should be verified.
children should be made aware about all the ill activity in the society And should be trained to avoid combat such situation.
Highway checking should be strict,specially in case of vehicle transports.Mid night transportation should be checked thoroughly.Ports ,airway security should be tightened.
0 0 There should be a whatsapp group (or another app like this developed for govt)
Incase we sight any missing children, we can take instant snaps and post.
The app can also be used to report missing children by posting their photos and details
0 0 I think that along with the web portal you should make an app for the portal on which any person having smartphone can upload the photo as well as if possible audio/video recordings of the missing child if he found it along the road.Considering the site , as Reliance like companies are providing free access to selected sites through internet.org, likewise this web portal must be free.A youtube channel and other links should be provided on which child's video along with his name can be shared.
0 0 Sir, I suggest that traffic police particularly in the traffic signals to detain the beggars with children and question about the whereabouts and also deploy police in the market places where children begs
0 0 COMMON PEOPLE SHOULD BE AWARE OF THE MISSING PERSON...
0 0 THIS SITE SHOULD BE CATEGORIZED BY STATES CITES TOWN AND VILLAGES NAMES ..WHERE ,WHEN ,HOWGONE MISSING
0 0 Every police station must have access to this site. Address and Aadhar No should be mentioned for verification of finger print of the child.It should be connected with social media.
0 0 Site should have. Connected. With fb and other social. Sites..government. Should made a page or account where. Photos of child with information can be send....and on that page or account photos. And information. Should be posted... And the person can officially. Declare some reward to finder of child....this may very useful.. Apart from that the site should send all information. Regarding child with photo. To every police station....
1 0 When someone post the photo and address of the missing children,
then by making contact with all the mail sites like gmail.com, yahooo.com, rediff.com show an alert with all mail id with photo & address. So it can help to recognize the most of the users if they saw that missing child somewhere.
1 0 Finger print all children of slums and streets beggers. All parents should register the finger prints of their children. Once the child goes missing his finger prints should be uploaded and match all in the country. In case child do not have hands, retina scan may help just like in case of Aadhar card
0 0 WE can use "3D face mapping". It should work like this that when a person upload his/her lost sibling photo, it should match the faces of people in the database of lost people. Suggested faces may be fatched and shown to the people. it would ease the searching of people profile.
0 0 My suggestions are given below:
1. Website should be User friendly. It will be in every Indian language.
2. Their should be attachment of social networking websites(Facebook, twitter, etc) by this everyone can share that child image on social networking website.
3. Reward by PMO
1 0 AT THE TIME BIRTH ONLY EVERY HOSPITAL SHOULD MAINTAIN BIRTH RECORDS AND EVERY CHILD MUST TAKE BIRTH CERTIFICATE AND GOVERNMENT SHOULD MAINTAIN ONE ORGANIZATION FOR INQUIRY ABOUT CHILD FOR EVERY ONE YEAR
2 0 the web portal of “KhoyaPaya” must be connected with social media like "Whats up" / "Face Book" as this applications are handy & mostly used by all type of common man with maximum reach. where any information posted can be spread across the country at lightening speed and scope of identifying missing child ratio can be widen & Criminals behind such act can be exposed faster.
1 0 i just want to say that why we all are trying to find out the possible cures of this disease..
kya hamne or hamari sarkaar ne ye maan liya h ke ham is tarah ki vaardaato ko rookne m kabhi safal nahi ho sakte..is bimaari ka ilaaaz dhundne s pahle hme is baat par jayda dhyaan dena chahiye k kese is bimaari ko hone hi na diya jaaye..or ye sab ho sakta h agar samaaj or concern government authority apne kaam ko puri samvedna or tatparta k sath kare..
0 0 we can with the help of DNA 
https://scienceandsociety.duke.edu/dna-human-trafficking/
0 0 The Name of the project should be "KHOJNAAMAA"
0 0 The App. where these data (names,add/DNA) are saved should be READ ONLY VIEW ,in order to avoid any changes in future by any corrupt officials.With the help of this (DNA test),it will be very easy for any cases for the fast track team to solve.
0 0 First, also create an app. Second make sure complete database of such cases from each police station is uploaded to the portal and any further data to be uploaded as and  when case is filled. Subsequently start taking details of childrens working as labour and beggar and upload the same on the website for parents of missing child to verify.
1 0 DNA of parents as well as of NEW born at the time of birth should be taken (should be made mandatory)in all the hospitals/ nursing home etc... for quick & easy tracking of any uninvited events in future & the same should be made available to all .i.e . investigation team (CBI, CID,ETC...&  BMC for preserving such records for their future easy ref. it should be made compulsory like other docs such as aadhar card, passport, etc..
we must give one try to above by implementing it.
1 0 Law and  Order to be improved. Very strong Punishmement to be give for child related crime. Ther will be general awarness  teaching with education/lessons/tips to kids  in school as a compulsory. Ther should be unique identity on birth certificates like DNA, identity marks. Police should reach upto origin, after catching doutful peoples. A very simple new  mobile app can be introduced.
0 0 gave rewards to the persons who will fin out the missing one, then for a reward most of the people will come forward to help.
1 0 Original identity and address of child begger or labour can be find and reunite with parents.
As example some child missed in early age and later they forget own name and address.
They can be easily identified at any age either by age or finger print or iris.
Even those can be find who lost them memory in tragedy like uttrakhand flash flood.
0 0 Now technical suggestion-
AADHAR UIDAI
Strong data base should make for recognition of face, finger print and iris for easily detection. Research and develop, upgrade the technology if present technology is not supporting.
Lots of missing child work as begger or child labour. Develop one strong technical authority or department who can use data base of UIDAI. Make portable instrument to take input from face or finger print or iris and compare with data base any time.
0 0 I feel the feeling of those parents whose child went missed. This is very good intitative to treck the missing child. I suggest not only goverment but police system should be very sensitive to find missing one.Police cyber cell must be technically enhanced.
Common public should be also aware to help missing child. If all person feel the pain of parents whose child went missed, then only they can help towards missing child.
0 0 the police team appointed should work under the central govt and hold the power to investigate anywhere in India without any local permissions. it will help to speed up the process. govt should pick police men from across the country..
2 0 we need a website where police will upload the photos with details of the lost people, then if anyone finds someone doubtful then he/she can take their photo and upload on the website. if it matches to anyone lost then the system should automatically inform police. there should be an app for the same. its usage should be toll free.there should be a facility to report if we find any person molestated. a special team of police should be appointed on national level regardless of state
0 0 This really is an excellent and very thoughtful initiative by the government, so I'd like to extend my thanks in appreciation. But I have just one suggestion for improvement and it is that the name of the initiative, 'Khoya Paya' or 'Lost and Found' does not seem to be the most optimal because we're speaking of children and not articles or things. The name should possess more of a humane aspect to it. I don't know if it's too late to be able to rename the initiative but it is my honest feedback.
0 0 we can make a web portal in which if any lost or found any children then submit it on the website khoya paya and when they submit it an autogenerated email crated and send it to all police stations.this can help us in faster access to the children.
0 0 we can make a web portal in which if any lost or found any children then submit it on the website khoya paya and when they submit it an autogenerated email crated and send it to all police stations.
0 0 STOP
SLAVERY
BEGGING
SEX WEBSITES & HOUSES
CHILD LABOUR
MAFIA RUNNING THEM
POVERTY IS MOTHER OF ALL
ALL THESE ARE INTER CONNECTED
RICH PEOPLE & POLITICIANS ARE BACK BONE FOR EXISTENCE OF ABOVE ALL
SO STOP IT HERE
SHOW THEM LIVING
BRING CHANGES IN
LAWS
SOCIETY
AND PEOPLE AROUND
WE CAN STOP CHILD MISSING
ONLY WHEN WE BRING ON CHANGES
IF GOVT THINK FOR 1 MIN CORRECTLY
WE CAN MAKE THE HUGE DIFFERENCES
RED LIGHT AREA IN DELHI&MUMBAI
POLICE KNEW IT
T ACTIO
0 0 FOR THIS 5 STEP TO BE TAKEN
1.PARENTS MUST TAKE CARE OF THERE CHILDREN
ITS RESPONSIBILITY OF SCHOOL TOO HAND OVER TO THERE PARENTS AFTER SCHOOL
2.SOCIETY MUST BE ALERT 365DAYS
3.MUST KEEP A WATCH ON MAFIA,SEX RACKETS,GANG STARS,ETC
WHO EVER INTO THIS TRADE OF SEX,UNDERGROUND MAFIA IS BACKBONE FOR MOST MISSING CASES
SO THERE MUST BE DELT WITH
4.POLICE KNEW MANY BUT DUE LOOP HOLES MANY ARE LEFT SOON
5.FRAME NEW RULES WHICH MUST BE EVERY STRICT & IMPLEMENTABLE
NO PENDING CASES
0 0 Police needs to be self-aware as I understand that they are aware of all the criminal heads in the area - its just their lack of motivation to act especially for normal people (who are without any reference) has created such a situation in our country - where we cannot trust/depend on police to find our lost ones. Only solution is digitalise police station with  strict survelliance and password - login (with some special recognition) system.
1 0 For DNA test - soft copy of the report can be uploaded or if cybersecurity is not powerful or have possibility of leakage than only matching reporting can be uploaded once this activity is carried out by approved hospitals. But I think DNA matching is an important step/tool finding the child..and I also know how difficult it is to have the same done or obtained in rural/backward/remote area of our country - but it can very helpful for creating database of our country.
2 0 A large number of missing children end up into beggary. This site must have option of uploading pictures, by general public. People can click pictures of child beggars and put them on this site, along with details of location, etc.
This data can then be accessed by parents of missing children, and I am sure that this will help in uniting several children with their parents.
0 0 We are all aware of the situation of confidentiality in the police-station - show our system should be strong enough with strict onus/resp set on each head of police-station. I strongly recommend that all the police station should be under survelliance. and person entering the data in the system should have special screening/recognition for login. Datas to be stored in  central data-base any deletion will be tracked including IP address & no deletion from data base -there should be recovery file
0 0 The Portal can be designed based on simple tracking priciples..like courier services..each entry will be given a separate docket no..But to maintain a data base some essential requirements will be all details of parents with unique no. like Adhar card/PAN card. Medical details of child with Blood group, also possible then can take DNA samples of Parents. Police station should have a separate area - secluded & restricted access for using the admin login wherefrom basic data will be uploaded.
2 0 Maximum lost children are put into beggary,why the police of every city apprehend all the child beggars   and verify their past history,I am sure many cases will be solved.digitally Whattsup type portals can be beneficial.
2 0 even private TV channels should have a special program telecast to show missing persons like Doordarshan does, that too free of cost
1 0 पहला: रोजगार के लिए एक राज्य से दूसरे राज्य एक जिले से दूसरे जिले जाने वाले मजदूरोँ के बच्चे जादातर लापता होते हे इनमेँ से कई बच्चे मानव तस्करी का शिकार हो जाते  हें खोया पाया पोर्टल मेँ इन सभी मजदूरोँ के बच्चो का डाटाबेस होना जरुरी कर देना चाहिए दूसरा :दूसरे राज्योँ मेँ जाने वाले मजदूरोँ के आधार कार्ड ओर उसके परिवार के बच्चो का आधार कार्ड खोयापाया पोर्टल पर लिंक कर देना चाहिए
1 0 *khoye huhe bacchon ka purn vivaran khoyapaaya portal par sarwjanik rakhe jane par vichar kiya jay.koye paye bacchon ki pahchan aadhar ke madhyam se keye jane par vichhar kiya jaye.
2 0 *lawaris sthiti me milne wale bachhon ka purn vivarad khoyapaaya portal sarvjanik rakhe jane par vichar kiya jaye ewam jo bacche apana vivaran batane me accham hon,unka photo aadi portal par sarwjanik rakhe jane par  vichar kiya jaye.esa karana isliye aawasyak hai taki lawaris sthiti me milne wale bacchonki pahchan unake parijan kar saken.
1 0 यह अपने आप में एक सराहनीय प्रयास है जिसमे देश के कोने-कोने से गुमशुदा लोगों के परिजन बिना किसी परेशानी के खोये हुए लोगों के विवरण कहीं भी कभी भी दर्ज करा सके|साथ ही अन्य कोई व्यक्ति भी किसी लावारिस व्यक्ति की सूचना बिना पुलिस के भय दे सकें|उन व्यक्तियों कि सूचना उन इलाकों के थानों में तुरंत पहुंचे जहाँ से वे गुम हुए है या  संभावना बताई है| लावारिस लाशों के विवरण अस्पतालों,थानों से उनकी कुछ पहचान के साथ दर्ज हो |विवरण दर्ज होते ही सूचना उन सब इलाकों के लोगों के मोबाइल पर पहुचे तो तलाशना संभव  है
1 0 contd..... we can even register the number who is giving information and track them. each and every police station must have a proper track record and address of the person.  we can also keep helpline number with it and if any information regarding person comes can be directly connected to the near by police station where the record has been  kept of missing.
1 0 Hello Sir
 according to me the portal must of well organised with a head, a slider , and content for missing and found update notification must be flashed on right side of corner after the slider in container  block, we can also flash news headlines just after the slider in a scroll format, we can go for giving picture  of found and missing with address near by police station contact number, so that any one can see or found or can give any information about the missing person.
0 0 Hi,It is a very good initiative to curtail child trafficking. I would like to suggest to publish details of missing kid with photograph on social media simultaneously through this portal.
0 0 बच्चे खोने के हादसे उन परिवारों के साथ सबसे ज्यादा होते हैं जो रोज़गार के लिए अपना वतन छोड़ छोटे बड़े शहरों में भटकते है
जहां परिवार के सभी सदस्यों को काम करना पड़ता है । जिस की वजह से बच्चों की सुरक्षा नहीं हो पाती। न रहने के सहि ठिकाने होते है।
इस पोर्टल में ऐसे परिवार को ध्यान में रखना चाहिए।
1 0 Sir, can we have atleast one social media (twitter, facebook, etc.) account for every citizen, just like bank accounts? Can we launch a jansampark yojana on the footprints of the jandhan yojana?
2 0 खोया पाया का एक राष्ट्रीय पोर्टल हो।  जिसका मीडिया में प्रचार किया जाये। । कोई भी लावारिस जहाँ कही भी जिसको
मिले वो उसका फोटो तथा उपलब्ध जानकारी उस पर अपलोड करे। आज के युग में बहुत आसान है। . ढूंढने वाला उसी पोर्टल पर ढूंढने की कोशिश करे
4 0 "KhoyaPaya" is a whole India initiative, this portal should be multilingual. It should cater to all the major Indian regional languages so that language is not a constraint for the user. The major languages should include - Assamese, Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Maithili, Malayalam, Manipuri, Marathi, Oriya, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Urdu.
0 0 hamare desh me Rajyo me kya vakai me sakcharta ka pratishat utna hai jitna GK me hame bataya jata hai. ya fir sabhi ko khidkiyo se cheat milte hai aur va pass hote hai 
sorry sir darr lag raha hai kiyo ki mane pahle baar vote diya hai na...
2 0 #KhoyaPaya Aadhar Card No. can be an important tool on a web portal for missing children. As we know aadhar card is now become compulsory to each and every one and it has its own database (Finger print, Retina display and a photograph).Just by linking the web portal to adhar database.
According to The PM the 1.25 Billion indian. Each must have an Adhar card no. so that it will become easy to trace the information about that person
3 0 Aadhar Card No. can be an important tool on a web portal for missing children. As we know aadhar card is now become compulsory to each and every one and it has its own database (Finger print, Retina display and a photograph).Just by linking the web portal to adhar database.
According to The PM the 1.25 Billion indian. Each must have an Adhar card no. so that it will become easy to trace the information about that person
3 0 This is very good initiative. There should be a centralised database for all over India. Wherever there is a missing case, it should be updated this website with full datails e.g. Name, Gender, Age, Father & Mother Names, Mother tongue, Complete address, Contact details etc. If possible DNA analysis report of biological parents. As we have seen some cases of recover of child missing from Bihar and reached Kerala also we have seen with unknown identity, so we can filter from this Khoyapaya Bank.
0 0 khoya paya portal pe un sabhi ka deta base hona chahiye jo mile hai aur jo kho gye hai.......
2 0 There should be an option to upload DNA fingerprint of parents who missed their children. If DNA fingerprint of the child (recovered from beggars / culprits) is taken, it can be easily matched with the parents DNA so that child can reach her parents. It will be easy for digital india to add this feature. DNA matching softwares are already available.
1 0 There shall be a portal for missing elderly persons. Today Alzheimer's disease is so wide spread and because of that many elderly persons go missing because of that. A portal especially for them may help.
1 0 #MissingChildren
Dear Sir, Is it possible to make a toll free number with less no digit like 123 or so. It can be easily memorized by all children, when a child get lost, he/she can be dial this small number a get direct to child protection authority.
3 0 A mobile App shall be developed for "Khoya Paya" for children so that the moment someone finds a missing child or a found child anywhere can take a picture and directly post on the portal. This will make it simpler.
1 0 This portal is helpful for those who are connected to Internet.For more reliable you should provide a helpline no so that any person found a missing child can informed the concerned department.It may be NGO or Local PS.After proper verification it can published in that portal with photo Id.If it is a newborn child,spead that info to all local as well as outside of that state.so police,NGO,ccommon people,Hospitals,school,college everyone's participants is rrequired.thank you
2 0 Khoya paya
1 0 The portal should be linked with the police's website.
4 0 Self Help Is Best Help.The best way to help a person is by making him capable of utilizing his own potentials.
1-special self help events being organised in schools,villages,slum areas.
2-special serial being broadcasted on cartoon channels to educate children at home.
3-willfully taking help of college students to organize social learning program for nearby poor.(they waste a lot of time,in this way they will be more sensitive too)
4-special training program for parents about child care.
1 0 Sir what about the investment of commonman, in last few years it have become fashion,register a PVT LTD CO.collect cores of rupees from common man than dont give back the investment of the common man CO.like OSO SUN POWER PVT LTD & many more.sir the amount these CO.collect,is not good for our economy or help in growth, sir some serious action should be taken 9045109855
1 0 1) provison missing child found NGO's details in khoya paya Web portal for easily catch missed children from the help of NGO's.
2) provison khoyapaya Web portal details in all public place's like bus station, railway station, and social media for reporting missed children details from who's missed they have children and who's identify and found missed children.
3) give some rewards and awards to who's found and surrender ing they are found children to parents.
0 0 खोया पाय कार्यक्रम
1 0 A very good article on trafficking. 
http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/chennai/do-you-know-how-to-help-traf...
0 0 All child who are missing data like photo, name, father name, address and, mobile no. Upload data in Web portal and than any child is find by any person upload photo of child than match this child photo to database photos of find than contact  to the parents..
0 0 maximum number of children are missing their parents due to 498a of ipc because the children is either with father or mother.shared parenting is the only alternative for their harmonious development and should be implemented immediately.
2 0 1st stop the corruption in education. Today all schools of Mumbai and vasai-virar they are taking Donations more then 30000 for KG admission, how we will educate our children. Many 90% schools are corrupt... Many users of this group also paid donations.... If any one from government reading this post kindly reply we need government Help .... Otherwise I will do some action as a common man. Please do something against school donations... I am with you...
0 0 CHECKED THE BETA VERSION OF PROPOSED SIGHT . I PREFER A SEARCH BUTTON , BY WHICH WE CAN GIVE A  NAME , LIKE NAME OF A CHILD OR NAME OF A PLACE OR THE NAME OF THEIR PARENT THEN ALL THE PARENTS OR ALL THE DETAILS OF THE CHILDREN MISSING FROM THAT PLACE SHOULD DISPLAY. IT WILL HELP THE FOUNDER OF THE CHILD TO TRACK THEM SPEEDILY.
0 0 IT WILL BE BETTER, IF THE PARENT OF THE MISSING CHILD COULD UPLOAD DETAILS ON GEOGRAPHICAL BASIS LIKE IN WHICH STATE , DISTRICT , AND PANCHAYATH LIKE WISE. AN OPTION TO DISPLAY THE MOBILE NUMBER OF SUCH PARENTS WILL HELP TO REACH THEM BY ANY ONE FOUND THE CHILD, IF THE CHILD KNOWS HIS/HER PLACE.
0 0 if child is missing a clear photograph of that child should be posted in web portal by the guardian. If anyone found a missing child they should post a photograph of that child in that portal. The portal should have a feature of identifying similar photographs such that missing child can be found. It is useful when child don't know the details about him/her.
0 0 mobile phones should b used for missing children info.everybody will imdly come to know, aas soon as message of missing child is flashed through mobile /radio.
0 0 Begging on redlights is often. It should b banned n enforced strictly.this step will discourage missing of children.
0 0 Missing children problem is increasing. People should b rewarded highly if anyone informs about any missing child to the police, and peoole representative,
1 0 जो भी बच्चे सड़कों पर मिलते हैं उनका एक डेटाबेस बनाना चाहिए जिसमें उनकी फोटो, नाम(अगर बच्चा बता सके), age, कपडे, height, gender आदि सूचनाएं हो, ताकि बच्चे के माँ-बाप उस डेटाबेस में अपने बच्चे से जुडी सूचनाएं डाल कर अपने बच्चे को खोज सकें |
0 0 We can tag our luggage and belongings. If we loose it,we sometimes get back our luggage without any effort.But if our child is lost, it become a nightmare.There is no tagging of our child. Cloths of the child are only indicative and not sureshoot guide. Biometric recording is the best method of tagging every child. In case a child is lost, our agencies can utilize this data to trace back the child. This step will also infuse confidence in arents as well the the law enforcing agencies.
0 0 Thank You Sir, for starting this discussion.I also have a daughter and always have worry about the safy of my child. Sir, our government must do biometric recording of every child in our country. Aadhar Card is the best method of doing this. This task can be done with great ease as almost every adult is enrolled with aadhar card.And for the sake of children, there will be rush of aadhar card enrollment.
2 0 Three steps to find missing children in one month all over India:-
Create image database from all the police station across country (List 1).
In every district deploy 500 policemen to take picture of all the children who are             staying in JJ colony, Shelter homes, foot path & different places (List 2).
Run a facial recognition search for each child from List 1 in List 2.
Government can use Facebook facial search engine for this .
I can help government in creating this system.
1 0 I think a portal should be prepare on national basis and Police stations and peoples can upload missing child details on that so that anyone can know about child and help them if they find
0 0 Police need to publish details of children lost or found immediately, as soon as reported to them on proposed web site and if possible UID ( Aadhar) of such child also be recorded in complaint registered with them, to have an idea & biometrics of child for easy identification.
0 0 at the time of birth eject one tiny transmitter that never affect human body ,so every child  get identify any where from the corner of our country as well as other area so it helpful to find out the missing one....
0 0 Now a days Elite parents are making their children either the money making machines or Road side teasing adults, This is due to current money minded social impact.. even in villages its becoming common.. even though they dont have common sense... We need older generations common sense & knowledge& patience and newer gens fast learning capability, This can only be happen if child is given with good health and social awareness when its getting exposed to the world also let them enjoy their age.
0 0 children also leave homes when their is excessive family pressure on them, for academic/occupational performance or un-employment. sometimes suicidal tendencies also develop when they fail to perform as per parents pressure. so families are the main culprit in cases of missing child due to academic or job reasons. this portal should also try to prevent/save such disasters in personal life of childrens by early warning systems and timely counselling for children under mental stress.
1 0 Before this activity i suggest, database of the children who are begging at the railway station/Metro Station & the Temples of our location should be available on this portal with the picture & identification marks. Becoz, we all know that Criminal Peoples are Kidnapping to children & using for this Job. this database will help to the parents of missing children on first attempt in case they are involve in this activity. Every children who are traviling to outside of country, should be capture
0 0 At birth a biometric sample of each child be taken and a national data bank be created this can help in tracing the roots of each child and subsequently each person in country...this sample could be finger print...eye scan or dna scan.
1 0 #KhoyaPaya, Is it possible to make an app so that if some one take photo of a child who is seems to be lost, the app shall quickly search and tell the similar face of lost child from the data base of web portal.
0 0 Is it possible to make an app so that if some one take photo of a child who is seems to be lost, the app shall quickly search and tell the similar face of lost child from the data base of web portal.
1 0 A database of all the fingerprints can be stored in a web portal which can make it easier to trace a lost child.
0 0 Fingerprint of each child should be taken in schools so that they can be matched later when a child is lost or found
0 0 A web page to enable immediate reporting about the missing & the authorities to start immediate probing with the gathered information/alert all law enforcing authorities across possible corners& also to give more publicity of the matte. After the tracing the cause of missing should be ascertained from the child itself and initiation of effective steps to reduce/avoid such happenings in future. If the  child is found unsafe at own house home the custody should be undertaken by Government.
0 0 Sir, Children are great observers and we can utilize their services in this mission. In each school there should be half an hour kept aside each week for children to go through this portal. There should be facility for these children to upload photographs of children they have encountered on the street and also download details of children missing in their area. Imagine lakhs of students in each part of India supporting in this mission and becoming an extension of arm of the law.
1 0 DD national/Reginal Channel must have daily/weekly programe to address the issue
0 0 #KhoyaPaya there should be an active helpline number where one can do complain on their missing child and actions should be taken immediately.....separate set of officers should be appointed for this purpose....
0 0 Create a mobile app using which common people, police will be able take picture and upload pictures of street children etc. Also simple way to collect finger prints for these children. Parents should provide the aadhar number and photograph of the missing person which should be searched against this database and aadhar database.
0 0 Site to have an option to complain in case a police station does not register when they complain about a missing child. Site to have an option for people to share the Missing details onto their social networking sites. Site to have write up on precautions to be taken by parents/family so that child/kids do not go missing. Experts to write blogs about relevant topics/case studies and the same to be published on the site post screening.
1 0 Site to have a dashboard which shows the top list of Districts/Police Jurisdiction where most of the child go missing.This will apply pressure for performance.List of offenders (photos and other details) to be put up clearly so that people/families can be careful & avoid hiring them for help.Site to recognise people (witht heir permission) who helped in finding the missing kid
0 0 First of all there is need to develop a app of #MYGOV and in that the slidies this #KhoyaPaya slode should be shown and on website the dialogbox like alert should apper of #KhoyaPaya so to drive attention of others towards it, which shows information of lost one ane he can add lost one in it. Also the viral chain of lost one should be stopped so the even after child reaches to his/her destination the message goes on forwarding.
Thankyou
1 0 Set up Call centers, Active Case management, Develop Mobile Applications, Broadcast information using available public channels, Social Media: Facebook, Google+, Google Ads, Twitter etc., Make use of Google translate feature to support the regional languages, Create an alias of web site with English name as not all Indians are well versed with Hindi, Public outreach programs to create awareness about this program, Provide a checklist such as ‘What You Should Do When Your Child Is Missing’.
2 0 The gov should enquire all the children begging at streets about their source.portal with digital image processing.the missing children photo be processed and compare with photos of children at streets with no identity.nearest police station should be updated with details of missing children automatically once details are updated in portal.Daily tips to be there to create awareness.biometric proof during addition of children name in the ration card.authorized access for this details in portal.
1 0 SIR CHILD MISSING IS VERY BIG ISSUES FOR NATION SO MY OPINION IS THAT WE SHOULD CREATE A DIFFERENT DEPARTMENT FOR CHILD MISSING AS SAME AS ATS LIKE AKS(ANTI KIDNAPPING SQUAD) AND IT SHOULD BE LIKE POLICE STATION EVERYWHERE LOCATED AND THE WEBSITE SHOULD BE ATTACHED TO IT THIS WILL BE A VERY BEST METHOD TO DECREASE CHILD MISSING
1 0 The web portal for missing children "KhoyaPaya" should be linked to the Missing complaint lodged in nearest Police station so that the authenticity of the complain may be confirmed.Also,this will engage the local police in such cases otherwise it happen so that police to not pay much attention in such cases. Also ,the picture uploaded in the portal for missing children should be automatically posted to the social networking sites like Facebook,Whatsapp etc,this will help in searching the childre
0 0 www.fir-milenge.com   or www.phir-milenge.com
1 0 And please create a secure log in page like Aadhar where people can upload the details of their family members and loveone's so that it can be taking care for future mis-happening any accident.
0 0 Name of the site should be "KHOJ"   its easy to remember and there should be simple toll free no.  which should be easily and can be access fro any network, there should be two column, one which is showing name and picture of the Children, with complete address, where he belongs to. and another column in which it showing found (if found). Some time children are very Yung who are unable to tell the details, for those kind of children some biometric detail should be uploaded, so thatcanbe identify
0 0 sir mera wisay thoda dusara hai per ati mahatwapurna hai.....ABP NEWS....AMAR UJALA ONLINE....NDTV....NEWS24....YE SAB ANTI-MODI TARIKE SE NEWS DETE HAI PER KU SAMAJH ME NAHI AATA....ABP NEWS ONLINE PAKISTAN KI BADAI KARATA HAI AUR WO BHI SENA KE MAMALE ME....'YE DEKIYEYE PAKISTAN KA DAM'.....SIR MUJHE LAGTA HAI KI ISI INDIA ME SAKRIYA HAI....AUR WAH MEDIA SE MILA HUA HAI.SIR ISAKI JANCH KIJIYE ISE IGNORE MAT KIJIYE.....MERA AAPSE YAHI REQEST HAI.
1 0 Sir,
I suggest that the photos of missing child / children across India should be uploaded by the police or the concerned parents in this portal.  The photos should be displayed in the social networking sites like facebook/ twitter etc as advertisement are being displayed as link to the portal(as full details of child / children will be present in the portal including contact No of concerned parents / police).  However, the photos should be removed as and when the child / children are found.
1 0 Dear All , I have gone through many post , we are discussing a similar approach , i think a solution to find a missing child/person is "linking ADHAR" a child is lost easily because he is too small to know/remember/share his details , even a adult with memory loss goes missing , a unique concept "Linking ADHAR" to other family person will ease Police job to locate child`s/adult`s family not only just after incident but after many years also
ADHAR with bio metrics & "Linking ADHAR" is key here
0 0 it is important that we all discuss and endorse one idea as it will be time saving for our PMO team, but yes they are final authority
Please let me know your comments and views
0 0 Dear All , I have gone through many post , we are discussing a similar approach , i think a solution to find a missing child/person is "linking ADHAR" a child is lost easily because he is too small to know/remember/share his details , even a adult with memory loss goes missing , a unique concept "Linking ADHAR" to ottafher family person will ease Police job to locate child/adult family not only just after incident but after many years also 
ADHAR with bio metrics & "Linking ADHAR" is key here
1 0 Continue from last post--
6)Needless to say human trafficking shall be treat as danger to life and punishment shall be equal to murder or threat to life
7)Child/person digital proofs shall be captured at Air port/Sea Ports
example-
By creating false passport a child is being taken out of country but his digital proof are captured at Ports , agency immediately came to know accompanying people are not child`s parents and Agency informs family by checking ADHAR details
"linking ADHAR" is key
0 0 Continue from last post--
6)Needless to say human trafficking shall be treat as danger to life and punishment shall be equal to murder or threat to life
7)Child/person digital proofs shall be captured at Air port/Sea Ports
example-
By creating false passport a child is being taken out of country but his digital proof are captured at Ports , agency immediately came to know accompanying people are child`s parents and Agency informs family by checking ADHAR details
"linking ADHAR" is key
0 0 Continue from last post--
3)In addition child DNA shall be paired to mother
4)It shall be mandatory to give finger prints/Retina scan at time of leaving country.
5)Shall be mandatory to give digital proof at time of jobs and railway travels
"Linking ADHAR" is key
example-
Child/person goes missing and 20 years later he goes for some job where his digital proofs are taken, Police/agency matches it with one ADHAR record and through "ADHAR Link" they inform family
"Linking ADHAR" is key
0 0 1) we shall capture a fingerprints/retina scan of child at birth & "pair" it with child mother
2) Through ADHAR we shall "Link" every person with other (child--Mother to her Husband) so in any unfortunate incidence it is easy to find family of any person
example-
Child missing in X place & finds in Y, child is hardly a year old and can not tell parents details,
Police ,scans retina and finger prints and through "ADHAR" data base locate Family in X place
"Linking ADHAR(digitally)" is key
1 0 There is an amber alert system in use in North America. When a child is missing, cell networks, news channels and weather alert systems all send out an amber alert for the missing child - details of the child, last seen information etc. are all sent out to everyone in that community and all the media channels that serve that area including radion, television etc. The alerting is instant so the chances of recovering the child are much higher. This should be a must have feature on the portal.
1 0 Such Portal required to be modified so that it can be used for missing senior citizens as well. In many big cities so many senior citizens found missing, some are searching for their own houses, some are forced to take to elders home, their own children send them out of home etc.
please think in this direction while making web portal for missing children.
1 0 a web portal for missing children is a great idea but the fact is how many of us do really visit such sites. A suggestion from my part is to attach the database from the portal to all CCTV cameras present in the country and then making a mechanism to search the database and search for matches from the database and the CCTV.The software should in turn alert the nearest police station or suitable authority and also record the video clipping,save it and in turn alert the nearby CCTV continue record
0 0 www.fir-milenge.com
0 0 As we are making this portal for missing children we its quiet important that this portal name should be remembered to everyone and implemented in need so I suggest
it should be:-- www.discoverus.org
0 0 Currently Google offers word search compiling all site listing, Can Government initiate Photo search compiling all photos on web, Feeds from live Camera put at various streets?This will help in finding nearest locations with Close circuit camera etc. Then it would easier for our police team to find the missing person. No one can travel without using Bus/Train/Plane and near about all these locations have close circuit cameras. Develop search engine for photo based search.
0 0 govt. shall start toll free no. 191 which is handled by NGO since pepole can easily contact to the ngo and give missing child to ngo. bt Ngo which doing this work will be authorised by govt. since it's become more secure and govt. continuesly get report regarding them.
1 0 Today we have system to report missing child but locating missing child is not so easy. Need modern & wide spread search system. I mentioned my views in attached pdf.
0 0 test command test command test command test command
1 0 Dear Sir, We should have centralized single location for entering Missing Children details. Same should be automatically routed to respective state & City HQ. All the details of children staying in children home should be make compulsory entering data of all the children with DNA Details. Parents DNA also should be taken & store in database. At later stage no ambiguity. Harsh Punishment to Child Trafficker, Reward the Honest Citizen those who are helped in search/identified.
0 0 There should be a CODE WORD, customized for a particular child. This can be two/three word code word. Using this code word on a website, one should be able to find the parent's mobile number with proper authentication/ log in.
There should be a dedicated helpline and a network of volunteers active in every city/taluka of the country.
#KhoyaPaya
0 0 A database of all children below 14 years of age must be maintained by government. This data should be put on a website. An option to search for information of any child with his/ her name should be available (after proper authentication / log in).
Now, whenever someone finds a missing child, he/she can search on this website about details of this child. This way, one can directly contact the parents and possibility of kidnapping is avoided!
1 0 Each & every police station should having finger print scanner, as we all aware about Aadhar card we input our finger print details over there at the time of submission, so that if the missing child having aadhar card registration than we got the child address( Kids' biometrics data, such as finger prints, keep changing frequently upto 5 years of age. Therefore no biometric data will be collected for kids below 5 years age, that aadhar card linked with parents aadhar card)
0 0 Dear Sir first indian gvt must start recording the nos of kids begging in red lights in cities of india. It is being said by many people that these kids begging on indian streets may also be one of the missing kids hence a database need to be created and the DNA test should be performed as well and match the same with the so called guardians who claim that the kids are belongs to them.To find out missing kids a drive of DNA test of all kids begging in streets are must.
0 0 Develop an app for this type of feature, Mobile is next generation, I think government is very much keen about to get the information from the people and develop scheme according to them. My suggestion is we should have some kind of app which can solve these issues.
2 0 The problem is well known.....my suggestions would be
1) Complete Ban On Begging by children as Profession
2) Harsh Punishment for criminal involve in crime against children
3) National interactive user friendly Web portal linked with max screens on Police,Railways,Bus stations etc..
4) National Celebration with all parents of found children monetary and social reward to honest people in the service
5) Educating children abt Child trafficking
6) Fixing accountability
7) Rehabn Plan
2 0 I have a suggestion that is out of the functionality of this web portal yet associated with the same.
I don't know if you already have this plan or not. But then as filing an FIR is mandatory for missing cases, I feel every police station must have one 'Khoya Paya Center' with a representative who'l add the details of missing child on behalf of his/her parents. This will be helpful to the poor people who have no knowledge of operating internet.
3 0 AWESOME WEBSITE IT SHOULD BE PROPERLY PUBLICIZED THAT MORE AND MORE PEOPLE USE THIS SYSTEM TO REPORT SUCH INCIDENTS. WHEN EVER A PERSON REGISTER HIMSELF ON THE WEBSITE A LINK FOR DOWNLOADING THE APPLICATION SHOULD BE SENT ON HIS MOBILE IN THE PASSWORD MESSAGE ITSELF ALSO DIRECTIONS FOR ENABLING INSTALLATION FROM UNKNOWN SOURCES (IN ANDROID APPLICATION) SHOULD ALSO BE PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE.
0 2 NEGLIGENCY OF PARENTS.
0 0 NAMASTE...It was great mobile port to find out missing persons too early
0 0 mr.PM, as my opinion has truth or not to me the missing children are from poor family. their parents won't be able to take care when they are out for work. daily wages labours leave their kids on the roads playing on sands moving everywhere. having 3-4 children and not able to feed all and they wont bother by losing 1 child also.
0 0 mr.PM, as we know that only doordarshan is working towards missing persons by alloting few minutes in broadcasting the missing children in the television. so why can't other channels be.........
1 0 AWESOME WEBSITE IT SHOULD BE PROPERLY PUBLICIZED THAT MORE AND MORE PEOPLE USE THIS SYSTEM TO REPORT SUCH INCIDENTS. WHEN EVER A PERSON REGISTER HIMSELF ON THE WEBSITE A LINK FOR DOWNLOADING THE APPLICATION SHOULD BE SENT ON HIS MOBILE IN THE PASSWORD MESSAGE ITSELF ALSO DIRECTIONS FOR ENABLING INSTALLATION FROM UNKNOWN SOURCES (IN ANDROID APPLICATION) SHOULD ALSO BE PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE.
0 0 mr.PM, i suggest that certain colony or a vadi secretary members should try to collect as colony development funds to provide certain amenties like providing security to the colony or by installing cctv's on their own fund rather to depending on govt. funds. similarly in the schools, markets etc...
0 0 CONCEPT IS GOOD. THE MOBILE APPLICATION SHOULD BE LAUNCHED FOR OTHER DEVICES ALSO SUCH AS WINDOWS MOBILE AND I PHONE. ALSO THERE MUST BE TWO SECTIONS ONE FOR "CASE STUDIES" WHICH REVEAL THE CASES WHERE PARENTS/ CARETAKER WAS NEGLIGENT AND THE CHILD WAS LOST SO THAT OTHER PARENTS ARE ALERTED AND DO NOT REPEAT THE SAME MISTAKE. THE OTHER SECTION FOR "SUCCESS STORIES" WHERE STORY OF RESCUE OPERATIONS AND SEARCH OPERATIONS DONE BY POLICE SHOULD BE PLACED FOR GAINING TRUST OF PUBLIC ON THIS SYSTEM.
0 0 A great portal that will bring joy to separated children and parents. Many a child will get back their lost childhood.
0 0 These features should be present in the portal1 The person who has lodged complaint for missing child should provide the contact no and all the details like name2 the person who has found the child should be able to login the details on the portal. 3 On finding the matching attributes among 1& 2,  the message along with details and pic should reach the khoya and paya persons home page. This way tracking will be easier  4 there should also be connectivity between this website and police(area wise
0 0 Please update Ngo Partnership website as it is not working properly.
Also try to make it more easier and fluent so that one may not feel problem in login.
3 years happen for our organisation registration to the site ngo.gov.in but we never succeed to log on to this ngo partnership system. 
With regards...
Saavan Foundation
0 0 suggestions
1.web portal ko desh ke saare police stations ko jodna chahiye,isse saare polic stations desh ke ek platform par ye "khoyapaya" missing chidren ko jald suljhaa sakegi
2. khoya
yadi koi missing hai toh uska guardian ya wo jiske paas baccha hai web portal par saari jaankari daalein(state ke police station ko iski soochna mile)
3.paya-
portal pe jo missing hai,yadi kisi ko paya mila woh uss portal ki post reply kar sake
4.police stn khoyapaya webportal ko hi FIR ya report maane
1 0 ek option ye ho sakta hai ki iss website se sabhi social site plugins dijiye aur kuch rewards bhi rakhiye harek bache ke liye to log jarur help karenge jaise foreign me bounty hunters karte hai..
Hope this will help.
0 0 khoya paya website open to alll rahe, mran nthg like u hav to go to police ststio and then any body can login
the most imp is its backend-
bachhe ki sari jankari vistar mai honi chaiye jaise ki uski umar, bhasa, seher, image, fathers name jitni bhi chije bachha bta sake..
by using this query jab hum bachhe ko dhundenge tab kafi asani hogi (using the concepts of table of sql)
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार
                  खोया पाया को एक जगह पर देखा जा सके तो बहुत से बच्चों को उनके मां बाप से मिलाया जा सकता है ।यह बहुत ही सराहनीय काम होगा ।
कोई भी बच्चा खोय उसकी फोटो पुलिस वेबसाइट पर डाले और जिसका बच्चा खोय वो अपने बच्चे की फोटो डालकर सर्च करे ।ऐसी व्यवस्था होनी चाहिए ये।
साथ ही किसी को कोई भी बच्चा मिले उसकी फोटो वेबसाइट पर अपलोड कर दी जाय ताकि जिसका बच्चा खोया है वह सर्च कर सके।
यह कार्य बहुत ही आवश्यक है जल्द किया जाये तो बहुतों को लाभ मिलेगा। बन्दे मातरम्
0 0 please make an indian police server. all police stations of all over the india are logged every cases in it. so police can fast and easily find the cases.
police dept handle many type of works. so it is time to devide this dept for many purpose in under one roof.
0 0 Sir, 1.all schools should have photo ID cards for the children along with personal data 2.sufficient information through TV / Radio should be given to get parents to come forward with details of missing children as early as possible 3.All police stations should upload data as soon as complaint is registered 4.color coding can be given for fresh cases, cases of last 1 yr and cold cases 4.Ham operators & local cable channels can also be co-opted 5.To prevent misuse Aadhar card data can be used.
0 0 There should be central agency with top cops that will help in coordination with all the states.All lost people cases should be registered in a national database.areas with severe problems should be recognised and should be dealt with war footing speed.kids begging on streets should be interrogated about their parents.
1 0 There should be following facilities included :
1. child picture upload facility and also child information
2. information about child parent
3. detail of full matter occurred
4. participation should be attracted from public
5. each and every indian should get known about this
6. collaborate with satyamev india as they more villagers are aware about it so it can help villagers knowing about this portal help as well
7. reward for finding and punishment should be included.
0 0 #children there should be feasibility for posting the pic of the child missing or found and all the details like location of found or lost and all such things with minute details and contact details should be available
1 0 we are developiung such kind of project and hope so it will complete soon and when it finish we are giving to government and people  to trace there child location
1 0 this is good ideA BUT DISPLAYING ONLY ON THIS PORTAL IS NOT  A GOOD IDEA ,WHAT ABOUT THE VILLAGE SIDE PEOPLE HOW THEY WILL KNOW,SO MY IDEA IS GOVERNMENT SHOULD SETUP A DISPLAY DEVICE ON PUBLIC PLACE SUCH AS bus stop, railway station private transport stops due to this every people in the conrner of the world which child is missing
0 0 Gov. Should develop a mobile application where normal peopole can locate the locasion of the kids working under 18 in trafics singnal and small hotel. They will take an snap which will show his location and they can upload into that app and it will be linked with special team of police , who is specially dedicated for searching missing childs
0 0 Through web portal, parent of children will fill the form contains 3 photos, his color, age, blood group, and all the information. After submitting form, local police will review it and he will broadcast that form to other police stations. when other area police will logged in, he will get a notification about the children missing and he will work on that. If other area police will find the children, he will close the file and the history will remain in portal. Otherwise case will be pending.
1 0 agar sacme kuchh panahe to ye suggestion sab dekh sake usi tarah nahi lena chahiye
sabhi bhikh mangne vale ya shakman bachho ka  or  jiske bachhe kho gaye he unke aadhar card with DNA id cross chake hone chahiye
log sarkar or polish ko be jijak sahi bat karsake uski vyavastha karni chahiye abhi bhi koy poliske lafdeme nahi padta varna jyadatar bachhe milgaye hote
0 0 Government can use the social midea to recover the missing child .and there should be a complain centre for public who can't protest openly for any coruption
0 0 Hi sir i want to know that when provide job are for business for money
0 0 On this portal people can post their request for lost person, but if rest of the world will not be motivated to view this site then it will be of no use. Hence any request posted on the website should be shared on the social media zone wise and it's radius should increase as the number of days progresses. Similarly same web portal should be used by police to announce unclaimed dead bodies.
0 0 I am A first Year college student. My school friend is studying in another college and her friend Nial(faked) is experiencing sexual assault from her own uncle from the age of 6 or so and no one is there for her to help. even her parents are not supporting her, though they know this well..she hasn't got any support from anyone and this made her try committing suicide for 2 times and my friend has stopped her doing it.she is under terrible stress.Give Suggestions to help her.Please
0 0 There should be a special zone in every village and city( as per distance specified) which shoud get the details of missing person and forward it on all verified govt social networks.because as per the survey 89 percent indians using social networking .this is the best and cheapest mode to spread the info of missing one.but one more aspect all the pages are verified where we can get comments also(in privacy)
0 0 all police stations (state and railway) shall be integrated with web connectivity on missing person status compliant on a common web portal. Internal coordination in various state police teams must improve.
0 0 DNA profiling should be part of Aadhaar profiling and government should ensure each citizen is profiled immediately which will not only given government vast tools to address illegal migration, law and order but also can easily able to connect missing children with parents.
0 0 Make compulsion to everywhere who use internet!thus any children can come and approach any government or NGOS office to inform she/he missed their parents or relatives.the officer should register his/her name,identity,parents name,office details where they registered,and his/her address where they are now in web portal.if no! the officers should take them to nearby police station.once they registered in portal,the action should taken immediately,as it should verify with police complaints#MyGov
1 0 Sir people shall be encouraged to give information about missing children in this portal as early as possible as it will help in finding them easily.
0 0 The proposed KhoyaPaya has not come a day earlier than absolutely necessary. It is a matter of grave concern that most of children going missing in the country remain 'missing' for ever forever for their parents/guardians/near and dear ones. The proposal to use social media for all to immediately swing into action the moment a child goes missing is really a revolutionary idea.
1 0 Yesterday i was at Ambala cantt railway station, when a young lady with her 2 year old son came to my compartment and asks for money to buy food. Her son has serious infection in his left ear, which if not treated would be proved to be fatal. She told me that there are worms in her son's ear and they have no money for his treatment. Mr. Prime Minister if you can order administration of ambala cantt to treat the little child, it would be a great relieve to me.I am waiting for your reply.
2 0 Poor children roaming in train, railway stations, bus stands and street performing begging and likewise activities are most vulnerable to trafficking. Rehabilitation of these children should be of prime importance to prevent their trafficking.  The new portal should contain a space where commons can inform the authority about these wandering child.
0 0 Can we change british rules from our armed forces.Now we live in freedom country. Do we able to make our country rules. There are all eqal.
0 0 1) Inclusion of state languages of the site will increase accessibility and also it will be convenient for the person in reporting the information.
2) Proper Tracking of the data should be done so that there are no loopholes across the platform.
3)Effective & Real time Communication can really help find the missing children since here we are fighting against "TIME". Because 5 mins delay or earlier can make much difference in the lives of these children.
0 0 first thing you have to do is strict the provisions not only for kidnaper's but also for the policemen"s also
0 1 Aadhaar enrolment is happening for children too. Parents must be encouraged to tatoo the Aadaar Number on the child. This would be a very effective tool #MissingChildren tracking by the stakeholders including #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment
0 0 We must promote the website as high as we possible. In that website we should have the option like parents complaints on missing children that gave on police station that should b displayed on that website.  we have to mention atleast 2 landmark for each village to make the children to identify his native place
1 0 #MyGov.Creating awareness among common public and police forces.People involved in child trafficking should be punished severely.
0 0 Enrollment of the street begers and child labour check at a regular check could convey a harmfull messedge to the kidnaping of childs.
0 0 1.the police force are not responding to kidnapping and lost child.
Helpline numbers awareness are displayed on every advertisement on banners on railway station or bus stop.
kidnapped and lost child are find by their photos and basic information on web portal or police complaint if proper and advance guidelines are given to people and family of lost child.
0 0 Even though prevention is better than cure,no one can predict what mishap can take place. Its really appreciable that govt has thought about this portal for human trafficking. My suggestion for this is that it should be geographically centric based on where the missing children were kidnapped from and last seen, there profile running alongside with nearest kin's number. Known abductors and their details also should be put up. People should be made aware of what is human trafficking through porta
0 0 Child trafficking can only be stopped by spreading awareness among police and people.Police ignores thousands of cases due to lack of awareness about child rights and since most of the cases belongs to poor people,nobody cares about these cases.Here comes NGO's who are working to stop child trafficking with their little power and they try their best.If every child (>5years) have a mandatory Aadhar card and if police can easily get access to important data of childrens(pic,address)that might help
0 0 Please make a change in punisent of rule. It's so simple to free from police in very short fund given by under table. Police make a simple case again criminal and court give very low punishment. So plzzzzzz give major punishment on these type of crime.
And also if police find to take a under table money thn suspend thm for whole life from duty so others have lesson
2 0 Basic problem is to hunt out children trafficking. Police and influencials are involved in the racket. Police must be told with a stern message that they are punishable for such offence. They are the biggest culprit in this land. They must get harsh punishment to let them realize that by wearing uniform does not absolve them from committing crime.
0 0 #MissingChildren -Missing children with photo and their status should be on website running
-After finding child, helping hands should get rewarded and posted on site and also criminals pictures should be posted too. #KhoyaPayiye website can be more promissing as regional languages can be used, public data sharing facilities can be next step.#Children gov should provide found children with proper care rehab them. #Mygov #MinistryofWomenandChiildDevelopment gov then should broadcast such cases
0 0 sir, create a app of these website which can be downloaded free by the citizens and in these app create a system in which if a child is found in unwarrented circumtences then he should just press one button from it and his location + face of the kidnappers ( by automatic photo system within the app)could be sent to the parents phone no or to any other no. so these can save the time and life of the children who are the future of the country
0 0 sir please do something for the children begging out on roads and railway stations
1 0 #MissingChildren, #KhoyaPaya, #Children, #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment, #MyGov
there has to be a proper record by police officers. not by inspector by S.P or D.S.P etc. type posts.
form a particular team on the basis of report about missing child immediately at that time.
2 0 Toll free helpline numbers should be there
2 0 Create a web application where in it gives the location of the person,someone finds the missing automatically trigger goes to the nearby police station and to the municipality where the birth records are kept
0 0 appeal should be enough emotional that whoever see that think his or her own
child is missing......that the only way to reduce the insensibility of people towards this issue...
0 0 mobile app as well as site must developed in all the regional language in such a way that even the common people can operate on it......there must be toll free numbers for accessibility in case of any emergency
1 0 खोया ओर पाया इस देश में बच्चे खोते बहोत है लेकिन मिलते कम है इसके बहोत कारण १ गरीबी २ बेरोजगारी ३ बेवारसता ४ महंगाई ५ मानवता भिखारी के लिए ६ गुन्हेगारी ७ शिक्षा की कमी ८ अत्याचार ९ भेदभाव १० उत्सुकता यह कारण गरीबी की वजहों  कभी घरवालों बच्चों को काम पर भेजते पर उस उम्र बच्चे गलत संगति की वजहसे या ज्यादा पैसा कमाने के लालच मे घर छोड़ जाते है और घरवालों भी पोलीस को शिकायत दर्ज करने के बाद कोई पूछताछ नही करते २ घर मे बेरोजगारी होने से ओर भुख की वजह से बच्चे घर से पलायन करते ओर फिर बुरी संगत में फंस
1 0 Sir this portal shall be also be made in the form of mobile app. to increase its access.
0 0 Sir tis website will be of immense relief to the parents whoes children have been missing. day.thank u for great effort.The details of children including photo shall be uploaded in the website.If anyone who sports the child/or children spotted under suspicious circumstances shall report the same to a child tracker helpline number.The citizens can also report about children being used for child labour.The photos of children shall have the watermark of the website to prevent its misuse.
1 0 Khoya paaya is a good initiative but to be successful it needs to be user friendly for people across India .To be precise it should have option to register cases in local language as we cannot expect each & all to converse in English or Hindi either .The faster information is made available its easier to stop any trafficking if that is end motive .More importantly as the current government is in the process of making obsolete old British era laws care must be taken to ensureitscentralised option
0 0 I promise pm if you feel. This message for just meet. So sorry that you are not hero. Only servant of my motherland born people. I like you. I vote for you. I expected from you. Tum meri dharti maa ki ezzat lutne se bacho
0 0 I written letter to prime minister he have no responsed .mean he is not serious for my motherland. Hai to after tommorrow he call me after my message on this site. I return.
0 0 I say and said only my country people show off
0 0 Firstly Prime minister no interest in khoyapaya.because if he want with in 24 hour and with in month all childrens are find
0 0 This is even a great Idea, But This should be based on Strong database system and Advance Search system, Face recognition, Photo matching of missing person with photo uploaded by relative of missing person. If anyone see any missing child can upload picture and information instantly and automatically it search the data and alert the uploader by sms or whatsapp like things that there is someone who is looking for same kind of matching person.
2 1 We are the population of 1282390000 approx in india.it is not easy to find through lakh in people without knowing the name of child (child trafficking) your software should have face Recognition option to find the best match (image upload) so anyone feels thats its a case of trafficking or missing child case he/she click the picture of person and upload it to check.. And who is missing his parents or family member also upload picture to website as a add new missing person tab
0 0 Reverse Image Search i.e. Uploading an image and search engine searching a similar looking person's picture. This is important because very soon this site will start having millions of photos - making it impossible for humans to go through. For reverse image search - you can partner with Google who have made lot of advances in this area.
0 0 1. Have a common database for all missing children reports from across the country.
2. let parents edit the page with as much info. photos, videos, voice samples of missing child
3. allow social media sharing
4. collect DNA samples of parents in missing child profile, use medical records abt child like dental etc... to trace them
5. use age projection software to project likely child appearance if missing for long time. children grow
6. use mass media newspapers, TV, Radio
0 0 Link all the information to a common portal available across all the police stations & NGOs , i can help with the planning & analysis.
0 0 Social networking sites like facebook and twitter can also play a vital role in this regard.
0 0 An app should be developed which is very fast at first and efficient..the app should ask the parents the details of their children.The content must be delivered to the nearest by police stations at the quickest so that the police can start their search and it can be delivered in the social networking sites.Through this chances will be high that missing children will be found as quickly as possible and the parents need not take the pains of going from one police station to another.
0 0 THE SPECIAL CENTERS SHOULD BE DEVELOPED EQUIPPED WITH DNA MACHINE, WHICH GIVES DNA DATA WITHIN MINUTE BY GIVING JUST ONE DROP OF BLOOD OR SAMPLE HAIR. IT WILL GIVE IDENTITY CARD READY TO THE PERSON, THUS WE CAN DETECT PEOPLE WITH DNA THROUGH EVEN SATELLITE ALSO.
0 0 FOR ALL PEOPLES OF BHARAT, A MISSION SHOULD BE HELD FOR GIVING EACH AND EVERY INDIVIDUAL A UNIQUE IDENTITY BY THE DNA REPORT OF THEIR ONE DROP BLOOD. THIS UNIQUE ID WITH DNA DATA WILL BE VERY USEFUL FOR EVERY FIELD. IT CAN BE JOINED WITH BIRTH CERTIFICATE,PASSPORT,DRIVING LICENCE,PAN CARD,ADHAR CARD,CREDIT/DEBIT CARD,ETC
0 0 4. There should be some motivation rewards for such deeds in the society, however there should be some penalty for false alarms too.
5. The Police stations across the nation should have centralised database to rum through the notifications received.
0 0 We can have below mentioned features in the mobile application.
1. It should trigger an alarm whenever somebody has noticed any such situation.
2.It should also raise an alarm to the nearest NGO's
3.All the smartphones in the country should get a mandate to install such application by default and as per the location of the phone the service providers should connect to the nearest Police station.
1 0 This is an very important initiative Execution discipline and sustainability is also important.to make this initiative a success.
A MOBILE App should be developed and the Govt. Should ask mobile operators to install on users mobile.
When anyone sees a kid alone he or she can use the app take the
picture and send.
Based in the location it has alert the necessary personnel, NGO's etc.
and upload to the Web site as well.
0 0 Its very important to take more steps towards missing children concern. We can work with social media to make it an effective campaign.
0 0 from my view we could send the photos of the missing children to the public using whatsapp or create a Facebook page which post picture and other information of the child
0 0 from my view:to find missing person or especially children is very concerned matter to there parent and police,so try to educated them with at least basic knowledge.With the social networking sites and advanced technologies improvement app/website should be initiated and create awareness among the parents and everycitizen so to uopload a info with easy access
0 0 above web need to be interlink with mobile app,mobile app need photo scan post (make support rule if on-way,or religious Mela anybody trace displace child or on suspicious trace trafficker, can publish post with photo,  sound, name, language,mobile nos, with auto location,in some cases for safety of  sender, details of post sender should not display on web,but same post need to highlighted on region police for immediate action,
0 0 In India economy is very poor.lots of people are still suffering poorly even they have not hand to mouth. So the parents are bounded to sell her children. This one of the reason of missing children.. and also missing children arw not educated bcz they are nt eligible to study even the Govt. has provided free studies due to poor family,so the children are not freely smarted otherwise they can leave from that society...this is also another reason...
1 0 Its a good and innovative programme for the kids who were missing from home and also those who were not able to develop in life,khoya paaya is such a programme for them and must run all over india.
2 0 Pm sir. mera naam abdullatif.my bjp ka cader hu aur my aap k fast activity. Aur hamesha mehnat se work my busy aap ki lagan dr hi pm huye hai aap ki tarif kitna bhi karu kam hai. Mera1 reqrst hai sab ku 1 hi insaaf aur barabari ka .exp budjet me reservation. Security sab ku milne ki ummerd aap se hi hai sir agar galti ho to muaaf karna plz
0 0 The web portal,among other provisions, should contain a national register of offenders involved in child lifting,preferably with their photos for easy identification in times of need.Besides it must provide a link to govt.organisation\ NGOs open 24*7 and telephone nos. of such organisations of repute across the length and breadth of the country.Cases of successful rehabilitation of lost-and found may be find a place to encourage the half-willing victims to muster courage to break the barrier.
0 0 Gov. to set up National DNA data bank of all indian with national population register then can be feed in computer system for record and neceassary verification.
1 0 We all agree that "The time is an essence to locate these missing children"
1. When someone sees a Kid alone, Do they have the time to login the website and provide information?
2. The photo of the kid is very important identification and that needs to be published faster.
3. Web-Site can hold the information of the missing persons and track the progress.
The INPUT for the portal should come from a Phone "APP". So that when a person sees a kid alone, take photo and send immediately.
0 0 1. As everything is getting online, filing complaints should also be done online. 
2. Pamphlets and posters should be distributed about the missing children.
3. Strict action should be taken to punish the culprits.
4. Social networking sites play a major role in spreading awareness within short time. Therefore, they can be a great aid.
5. Special laws should be made and it must be seen that they are implemenred and followed by everyone.
1 0 har state me khoya paya team banaie jo ki gumsudha bacho ki talash karenge .aur unhe khoya paya kendra me layenge.
1 0 Implementation is the key for any successful idea. Most of the cases, children run away from their homes as they are not properly treated or looked after. These children end up into anti social activities or misused.  Every Major town should have a home run by Police department for such wandering children with the help of NGOs. Their pictures and details are to be kept in a portal which should be easily view able.
1 0 There should be a Toll free number mandalwise at police stations for registration with adhar of missing cases and give acknowledgement.Another one put identity card inside pocket of missing children. proper care should be taken by parents who ever go in crowed.
      Begging , sex workers , and also kidney etc rackets also arrest by government of india ,strictimplimentation of law & order irrespective of cadre/ parties.
0 0 #MissingChildren
Anyone with his login should be able to post pics of missing child and any one should be able to tag the pic ( with GPS location). It will make it easier to find childs.
0 0 Anyone with his login should be able to post pics of missing child and any one should be able to tag the pic ( with GPS location). It will make it easier to find childs.
0 0 DNA database of parents of missing children should be maintained and matched up with those of missing children. Would help eliminate identification process.
0 0 Catch the people doing such scam.....
Will get those missing childerns....
1 0 #Missing Children
There should be a telecast for those missing children on every channel minimum 15 minutes and of course a toll free no. regarding that, and there should be a home centre or centre on that locality under its police station, where we can get help by the police authority and if possible, then kindly give the responsibility to an NGO or make an unit for this, jai hind, jai bharat, ek bharat shreshta bharat, thank you sir..
0 0 SHE WILL THEN ONLY ABLE TO SMILE WHEN SHE DONT HAVE ANY RAPES THREATS.ATLEAST STAY MIND FREE FROM RAPES THREATS HAS EVERY WOMEN NEEDS AND RIGHT.ITS NOT ANY BIG DEMAND BUT IT'S A BIG DEAL IN INDIA RISING.INDIA WILL ONLY ABLE TO RISE WHEN WOMEN EMPOWER., WOMEN SAFE AND SECURE. TILL THEN NO TOURISM WILL RISE.NO FOREIGNER WOULD LIKE TO VISIT AND NO INDIAN MEN WOULD LIKE TO THEIR WOMEN OUT OF THEIR HOUSE. ECONOMISM BASED AND DEPENDS ON WOMEN UPLIFTMENT.
WOMEN RESPECT PRO PORTIONAL TO ECONOMY RISE.
1 0 There should be a toll free number for registering the case of missing & the parents should get a registration id according to the state where incident took place. There should be a separate cell of khoya paya with outlets in every 200 kms & more in case of metros. After registration the parents should receive messages to upload the photo in portal & get notification on the investigation in their mobile & provide sufficient information through mobile which can be recorded for further use.
0 0 #missing children's# Govt must compulsory entry of all new born babies in hospital & it should be centralised across all states at a single server.
People must put a identity card written with name & contact no in children pocket so that one can find & contact.
There should be a central helpline no to register complain.
0 0 Efforts should be directed in the direction of making the portal effective and citizen friendly. Otherwise, it will become useless like 100 number of Police Control Room. Only metro cities see some action on dialing this number. In smaller cities, it is either not picked up, or are escapist answers given. Action is seldom seen. Khoya ppaya portal should be saved form this fate by active steps in this direction
0 0 This can be in the form of one Nationwide toll free number. Anyone who spots a child will inform on this number. Anyone looking for his/her beloved will also enquire from this. This can expedite the things. The caller should be absolved of any legality. Many a times, people don't intervene even when they can because the headaches of dealing with hostile Police scares them It should be ensured that this fear is eliminated. One will just inform on that number and proceed to his work.
0 0 missing children is problem for india main reasion of that many people go to different type of visiting place where are a lot of craud thats why children are going to missing my point of parents should be pay attention on their children and government should apply a rule those perents go with children they should rejuster their children if he or she will miss than govenment could help
0 0 . popularize the portal.each and every citizen must be aware of this.
2.all those children who are abandoned(including those few involved in begging and orphans)have to be photographed with their details & these details is to be uploaded on the portal on regular basis,so that these children can be recognized in case they are abducted and they could seek help from anyone who wishes to save them.
3.it must have option to easily upload the pictures and details of the lost kid
0 0 1. popularize the portal.each and every citizen must be aware of this.
2.all those children who are abandoned(including those few involved in begging and orphans)have to be photographed with their details & these details is to be uploaded on the portal on regular basis,so that these children can be listed by image and details on the page and they could seek help from anyone who wishes to save them.
3.it must have option to easily upload the pictures and details of the lost kid.
0 0 .portal must be made popular among all.each and every citizen must be aware of this.
2.all those children who are abandoned(including those few involved in begging and orphans)have to be photographed with their details & these details is to be uploaded on the portal on regular basis,so that these children can be listed by image and details on the page and they could seek help from anyone who wishes to save them.
3.it must have option to easily upload the pictures and details of the lost kid.
0 0 1.portal must be made popular among all.each and every citizen must be aware of this.
2.all those children who are abandoned(including those few involved in begging and orphans)have to be photographed with their details and these details uploaded on the portal on regular basis,so that these children can be listed by image and details on the page and they could seek help from anyone who wishes to save them.
3.portal must have option to easily upload the pictures and details of the lost kid.
0 0 first of all the registration of new born babies should be made compulsary. A micro chip can be installed in the body of new born or the children. this chip should contain information about the child's parents, adress etc. Also the location of this microchip should be able to track through satellite. thus tracking of missing children can be made easy and culprits can be identified. one such model pilot project can be developed and implemented in area where chid missing case is maximum.
0 0 There should be a very strong law against human trafficking ...beggars and sex working system should be ban in india
0 0 It should be mandatory for each hospital and nursing homes to upload the new born child with complete details of the new born child through online procedure, as due to some illiterate people data of some childs were not collected and they were abducted by the criminals to do the illegal and unlawful activites.
1 0 Photos of all children found begging on the road side should be uploaded on this site after getting them bathed and cleaned, so that in case any of those are abducted children, the parents and relatives can recognize and reach up to them.
1 0 Dear Sir,
Kindly collect & devide this information in 2 catagories to sort,so that the parents/relatives of the child can easily access the information.
a)below 4 years (Where Children canot speak about themslf distincly)
b)above 4 years (Where children can provide sufficient information)
Besides the above catagorisation the information about photo,Language,city,state,identification mark etc.should also avialable.Show this on special TV channel in every language.
0 0 please provide them a ID and update all the information of all the police stations FIR regarding missing childern.
0 0 1 Link all Found Children Photos and status if identified by parents or pending
2 Initiative for search especially all children looking for these children with prizes
3 Link to Mobile photo with phone number to verify if the found child is proper
0 0 children have to trackers in things they always carry so that they can be easily traced using internet
0 0 Kids can wear NFC tags based wearable device, so that we can store all his information in that device and when kid is lost and found, police personal can read that information using NFC reader device. People will not need to learn anything in this case. They just need to make sure, NFC device is intact.
0 0 This is very good initiative taken by gov.we should work on panchyat level and monitor this thing by special gov institution or local department.I'm very interested in this would like to participate in this.
0 0 #KhoyaPaya
1:Nice initiative but in rural part people are not so much familiar with internet as lack of basic things like roads,electricity,water etc.
2:there must toll free number about this site thats really works
3:provide attractive prizes for people to found out lost childrens on portal
4:portal must be easy to used for everyone
0 0 First and foremost, do your best to remain calm. If you are reading this because you suspect that your child is lost, abducted or has run away we know how stressful the situation can be. You are most likely filled with anger and other emotions. However, you will need to remain as calm as possible. Law enforcement and professional detectives can help you easier when you remain calm and keep your wits. Whatever the case and wherever your child has gone there is a proper and effective way to find t
0 0 First and foremost, do your best to remain calm. If you are reading this because you suspect that your child is lost, abducted or has run away we know how stressful the situation can be. You are most likely filled with anger and other emotions. However, you will need to remain as calm as possible. Law enforcement and professional detectives can help you easier when you remain calm and keep your wits. Whatever the case and wherever your child has gone there is a proper and effective way to find t
1 0 Khoyapaya is a noble initiative. Here are my general suggestions for improvement.
1. The Homescreen must have a link to login using the details provided for logging in to "mygov.in" portal. For instance, I had registered in "mygov" portal using just my emailId. However, when I tried to login to "Khoyapaya", it was asking for my mobile. Why so? I believe, both of these websites could be effectively inter-linked.
2. Post login, we should be able to search & see all missing/sighted children.
0 0 -	Now a days we are finding the most of missing candidates in the Terrorist group and Communist or Naxalite rebellions with the kind of hypnotizing technique they are using them it’s a kind of trap and they are helpless.....solving mantra is "Project future India"
0 0 -	This missing candidates we are finding in one the great mafia named “Begging mafia”. With DNA sample collection we can also restrict this at this stage we think of money spending is burden but each individual in search of their dear one spending large and not getting results by the years goes on change of face cuts they are not in a position to identify even if they pass in front of them. DNA technology will help in this and the complaining people also ready to pay even we can ask the socially
0 0 #KHOYAPAYA website is fantastic designing web portal.Under this "I have lost child" should have parent authentication If he is correct parent take the exact info of child otherwise make a penalty/ file a case."I have found a child"get the info of child and him/her& should provide a reward to him/her."Search a missing child" should have immediate and accurate info about child(by image/name/address) and one more add "child kidnapper" If the parent need to  complain on anyone.
0 0 #KhoyaPaya there should be search by image option so that images can be matched.
2 0 #khoyapaya
This app should contain a tab called as child tab, all parents must upload their child proof like current photo, name, parent name , current address, parent contact number.but this should not publice every time. It only publice by parent only when their child is missed, according to this info we can find easly missed child .
0 0 1. List out the list of kids missing according to the Age catogrey.
2. This photos should get displayed in websites, could understand that the base would be huge.
When ever we find a person we could match him with the base and contct accordingly.
0 0 PMOs app should ask vote and suggestion for very important scheam and rules before realesed by pm whether it is correct or not.
1 0 Introduce handheld IRIS scanner in police stations. When we find a missing child, make it mandatory to report to police station. There the police take an IRIS scan of the child and verify with records previously held in a national IRIS big data repository. It might seem futuristic but let us start today!#KhoyaPaya
1 0 It should include the following features
1.It should contain a face comparison feature i.e. if a person found a missing child then he/she can take a photo of that child and should be able to search from the database where the photos and information of the child is save.
2.An SMS should be send to all the person who has downloaded the app based on the location of the missing child.
3.It should also able to show the statistics of the missing child.So it would be easier to track the progress.
1 0 #KhoyaPaya 1. Few of the Usage Terms and Conditions in the I have sighted a Child page (I have taken precaution not to disclose the facts/details of the offence if any, committed by such child.I have also taken precaution not to disclose any information regarding victim or suspected victim of child sexual abuse)is confusing, and it doesnt clarify whether it is acceptable to share the information in KhoyaPaya or not. 2.Language column to indicate which is not primary language of child is needed.
1 0 #KhoyaPaya 1.In this portal,In the Missing Child Details page,along with Date of Missing column, place of missing also could be added. This will help people to recollect their memories if they had seen the missing children in those areas on those specific missing dates 2.In the advanced search page,under the Family & Backgound(Background misspelled)& the Other Known Languages dropdown in this title could remove the Cannot Speak from the list 3.Comments we enter should be displayed, it is not now
1 0 there are three phases of idea..
1.in the web portal with all details and photo_id of missing child/person
2.people who find suspicious child/person from anywhere,only they need to take one photo of the child/person and upload it on the web portal.
3.the web portal with face recolonization system finds out the match of the photo,and give details to the person and "immediate report" button to help them.
2 0 #KhoyaPaya Great effort and great site. After searching for the missing child by name, in the list of results displayed, after viewing any one profile, there could be a back button provided to view the list again. Currently there is no such option available in the beta release site of Khoyapaya in the Missing Child Details page attached. If provided that could be useful. And browser back button in this page throws Document Expired error (http://khoyapaya.gov.in/mpp/searchBasic.action)
0 0 #MissingChildren #KhoyaPaya #Children #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment #MyGov
As per my planning,
#KhoyaPaya web portal should have two sections
One for accessing the details of missing children which have ability to easily filter results
And the next section is for uploading picture when u see some one in the street,and that should be availble fastly like facebook,G+ etc...It should make a change from usual gov. child.The website should be designed nicely so that it gives hope to every.
0 0 sir reqsted  bihar state in 10th calss bord exam mass copy help of prents and helperes the phos 20-03-2015 telugu news paper indian  education system is high school level is maitence failed bibahr govt psl
0 0 you  should made  andriod application through this people easily lodge complaint about missing child , suppose someone got information about missing child than provide him safety so that would motivated to do such works ,
1 0 First of all, pleased to know about such a step. Below follow up actions should give more boost to it.
1. Communication of missing info to respective police stations based on location.
2. Posting photos of missing kids on a big display board on railway stations, airports, bus stations, tollbooths. Transportation of kids start at these points and faces will be fresh in peoples mind if they have any doubts.
3. Updating these info on the social media (mainly facebook and whatsapp).
1 0 when it comes to missing children every citizen should realise the pain of the parents so that they could help to search the missing children, as well as the technology now a days has drastically changed the view of a common man, we can use this to spread the information to most of the people and can resolve this but last of all everone should feel their accountability.....
1 3 sir
If entrance exams will be two times in year...it will be more jobs and could increase india's growth rate.
0 1 sir
you create a team which observe all the things which tmports china to us and try to make those all the things by make in india...but establish small-small companies to make chaina's product in india.
1 1 sir
I thought if Mygov app is discover and to this advertise in tv channels and newspapers a lot of people shall join this and could know your thoughts and working style...& It will help you to join more and more people to participating in good governance.
2 0 Sir, if I am not wrong all those who are found on the footpaths are the unfortunate children for whom the society is responsible and not they themselves.  Can we change this society to realize their mistakes and reduce orphans who in future become the most uncivilized citizens and the society gets further polluted.  Let us bring an end to this. Let media - all types of media i.e. print as well as electronic media help a society - a nation of all civilized citizens and not defame our country.
5 0 IF ANY CHILD SEEN BY ANY PERSON AT RED LIGHT INVOLVED IN BEGGING CLICK THE PIC AND POST ON THE KHOYA PAYA WEB IT WILL HELP TO FIND THE KIDNAPPED CHILDREN FOR BUSINESS
0 0 sir my request is....so many media channels are spends a lot of time for anti BJP campaign...like.ndtv &news24. you take action aginst him &find out why they doing this..plz sir not ignore this......&why media not shows actual news.....plz sir soon &soon find out this...and make a team which always observe online & tv media
1 0 As the site is in beta version,  i would suggest to make it more specific in terms of language as india has a vast diversity of language, and all the options and menus should be user friendly and easy to use. A great approach.  Thanx
0 0 satarkta sabse badi bat hai, sabse pahle hame apne bachcho ko sahi aur galat ka anatr batan hoga,Bachhe ko apna address,papa ka mobile no. yad karaye, schhols me iske liye awareness camp hone chahiye, TV aur news paper ke dwara iske bare me awareness badhana chahiye,Isme police ka yogdan sabse important hai ''Quick Action Policy'' hona chahiye avam Zeo FIR ka use hona chahiye,NGo ko active hona padega and sabhi ko uske parivar ki help karna chaliye jiska bachcha miss hua hai,
0 0 satarkta sabse badi bat hai, sabse pahle hame apne bachcho ko sahi aur galat ka anatr batan hoga,Bachhe ko apna address,papa ka mobile no. yad karaye, schhols me iske liye awareness camp hone chahiye, TV aur news paper ke dwara iske bare me awareness badhana chahiye,Isme police ka yogdan sabse important hai ''Quick Action Policy'' hona chahiye avam Zeo FIR ka use hona chahiye,NGo ko active hona padega and sabhi ko uske parivar ki help karna chaliye jiska bachcha miss hua hai,
3 0 I have put such suggestion in the past and again posting because I see a specific forum for it. The idea first I thought to build using a Website however now thinking to build as mobile App. 
This idea uses the advantage of social networking site. in the attached document I have visualised the functionality of a website or an app to help people identifying their lost child. 
Please take a look and comment.
2 0 Awareness should be made. Government should create a website or portal for the missing children parents to register with their missing child's photo and other details(like Address, Age) and also DNA details of the parents.
The details registered in this website must be advertised in facebook and social networking sites and also in daily news and newspaper.
Government should also create a separate workforce that will verify the parents DNA and other details with the missing child's.
0 0 Missing child is very critical problem.We will get help from  social Site like(facebook,whatsup).Missing child photo & contact number post on particular pages...
0 0 MIND"S CONTINUOUS SPEED CALLED "THOUGHT"
0 0 Local NGO's must be make involved in project who can help to identify missing people at local level and upload their details on "khoyapaya" portal.
0 0 find authentic organisation, government departments, Police who is working on missing Children...
enable them about latest technology, techniques, skills with arranging some training programs.
gather them on one platform.
recruit some people specially for this task or provide some financial assistance to NGO for appointing such full time worker.
2 0 central govt. should build online portal for missing people. and media(electronic/paper)should force to add in their advertisement to show about the portal features so that it can reach to max people in short time.
The on line portal should have details like
where we can register complain
portal should have space to upload missing people photo
address of victim family
portal should links to all police station of India
If this is done .I think innocent children and old age could be saved
0 0 lost children are mostly forced to work as beggers,sex workers.such children must be picked,data base of there D.N.A prepared also D.N.A data of parents of lost children prepared .dna matching will help in reuniting families.
4 1 Sir most important thing is PPP(People +Press+Police) work together then all the problem will easily solve .we have seen that people and press work together but we can't find police at the rite place. SO MAKE PRESSURE IN POLICE DEPARTMENT
1 0 यदी कोई व्यक्ती कीसी बच्चे को उठाकर ले जा रहा हैं तो या तो वह सड़क मार्ग से जाऐगा या ट्रेन मार्ग से !
ट्रेन में r.p.f. को मुस्तेद कीया जाऐ ! जिससे अन्य समस्याओ के समाधान में भी मदद मिलेगी और , 
जिला प्रसासन के माध्यम से हर माह बस ओपरेटरो की बेठक करवा कर ईस बारे में सख्त निर्देश दीऐ जाऐ ! ट्रेनो में CCTV केमरे लगाने का निर्णय सराहनिय हैं , साथ ही सभी सार्वजनिक जगहो जेसे बस अड्डे , मुख्य मार्गो पर भी CCTV केमरे लगाऐ जाने चहाईऐ , बहुत हद तक CCTV के माध्यम से आरोपीयो को पकड़ा जा सकेगा
0 0 there should be a three digit phone no. to address these issues
1 0 Sir these issue are not so big you and your government make it big because to show off.
If you start a help line cum report center then we can easily overcome from these issue now a days every one have mobile phone if you start a report center then all india will come forward to overcome from these problem .
If you start a report center where any common people give report against any illegal   activity and your report center give info to the respective police station present in their locality
0 0 जब भी कीसी बच्चे की गुम होने की सुचना मिलती हैं मन अनंत वेदनाओ से भर उठता हैं , क्योकी हम समझते हैं ऐक बच्चे के मां से दुर होने पर मां और पिता की पीड़ा की अनुभुती , ! माननीय यह समस्या  पैदा करने में महत्वपुर्ण हाथ स्थानिय जिला प्रशासन का होता हैं , क्योकी जिले/शहर की भीतर कोन आ रहा हैं कोन जा रहा हैं ईस बात की भी खबर यदी इंटेलीजेंस / क्राईम ब्रांच / स्थानिय पुलीस के खुफीया तंत्र को ना हो तो धीक्कार हैं ऐसे तंत्र पर ! जवाबदेही तय की जाऐ , ईन मामलो में पुलीस अधीक्षक और कलेक्टर की ! फीर देखीये
2 0 My request is to arrange a special team to locate missed children and arrange a staff in railway stations and bus stations.
1 0 becoze of more of childs are kidnapped or trapped from home, itz find out fom dis places...
1 0 first at all of the childrenZ are at railway station,front of temple,bus station, traffic signals or etc places bagging,there itz stop from any organisation and all of the childrenzz register wid biometric n stored it data. after all of the process, missing childrenzz report compare with our data, we can find out more of parentzz sweet child n give happiens them...
0 0 KhoyaPaya must be installed under subdomain of myGov.in(e.g.-khoya-paya.mygov.in) only & must be made one of its features so that people can get everything at one place.It must be made responsive so that people with least screen sizes can post in the forums too.Installing php-bb as portal/forum CMS is the best option and has max features.There'll be different forums(under same portal)based on regions & people can post about lost ones'their details, search, message eachother & comment. #KhoyaPaya
0 0 #Missing children..Making aadhar enrolment compulsory by changing the present laws..or move forward with the idea of Social security number..make it compulsary..we can use finger prints to match with the child's.It's one's life..and it's time for India to start respecting our own lives.
0 0 missing children is a very sensitive problem that needs a holistic efforts in educating parents, setting peer group counselling centers,and educating the child. GPRS interface can be connected with Cctv cameras and concerned area police stations in town so that it can help to find a missing child in its radius that will help in trace  him out.
social networking sites, photo sharing on visual medium, public places networking sites also could be medium in sharing information about missing child
0 0 govt should issued identity and implement it compulsary to wear in public places to every person (like adhar) and also reconize the every person (child, woman, man) who are begging, lying on road and provide them recognize identity.
0 0 govt should issued identity and implement it compulsary to wear in public places to every person (like adhar) and also reconize the every person (child, woman, man) who are begging, lying on road and provide them identity.
0 0 all responsible citizens should use their smart phones whenever they see begging childrens near Cross junctions, railway stations etc to click photos and share location via Khoya Paya App. This will go in centralized database where police and people can access this online and match.  
This will help in speedy recovery of childrens and will help curb menace of child abduction/ exploitation etc.
0 0 SEARCH CHILDREN NEAR MANDIR, RAILWAY STATION.
0 0 First  fully cooperate police any time any wear then
Website / mobile App should be designed where anyone can upload the information regarding missing child or found childT. he design and lay out should be easy to use , so person of village can also use the particular thing properly(availability of making account of missing child) , Parents should get aadhaar card for their children, Aadhaar card can be of great use for identifying a child.
3 0 In this mission Aadhar card is mandatory.
all peoples including children's have aadhar card. In That all peoples finger prints are enrolled.
1> now we have to collect Aadhar details of missing children's in one system  if aadhar card is not enrolled then take his finger prints from his used toys, glass or from other items.
2> when any children's found to police then on Biometric device take his finger prints and search for match in record
I am sure This will Help to find 80 to 90% childs
0 0 Hon,ble prime minister  I have a suggestion that if the most population is cause of this problem then population may be uses as a weapon to fight this type  of problem with technology.in every gali and mohalla many unemployment youth and student may be involved if govt.ready to shelter and prize.the youth are ready but they afraid.a centralised leak proof system is required and in every youth information if the police take proper action and accordingly the youth get prize without limelite it can
1 0 Sir,1. #MinistryofWomenandchilddevelopment should integrate all help lines to this site. 2. Recording of voice calls with location identification software. 3.Anonymous tips should be encouraged 4.Trafficking of women & children happens together, hence regular routes & offenders should be illustrated & named online. 5.A fast deployment team should be available at nodal centers 6.Community watch should be encouraged 7.An app can be developed for phones with similar features as the site.
0 0 nice agenda by indian government ,keep it up ,but it should be clear that central government opening the lot of new plans ans fecility for their people bt in 80 %  case it could not be directly linked with people to government if we take example  let indian government provide 1 carore rupee for  khoya paya plan ,,but in real only 25 % of this money is spen to sharing the data and find their relative , so here question is arrises that 75% percent money where gone so only answer is corrupt ......
1 0 Sir, #Children abducted for labour & trafficking are many & #KhoyaPaya initiative is a good start.Governmental agencies should interact with NGO's & society to 1.Identify common areas & means of trafficking 2.Regular offenders should be identified & tracked 3.Site should function like the "FBI Most Wanted" with hotlines, anonymous tip lines, regular photo updates, relevant data & last sited area, 4.Site should be connected to a community WhatsApp number for faster messaging 5.Online counselling.
2 0 1) Person should log in fast, if he/she found some missing child. Just phone details should be sufficient to log in.
2) Child Photo, DNA, Finger prints & Eyes recognition option should be there in mobile. Eg. If i find a child, i will just click photo and upload. System should do face recognition form the missing child database and i should get the details. In short, it should be very simple.
3) An sms alert should be send to parents and also nearest police station, were child is located
1 1 Every child has gps watch.
3 0 Now a day social media in most hope ful way to find out the children but the people from village unable due to many problems.  Bit gov can to find the missing :
1. Gov. With help of police can upload their identification  from addhar car or by their family members can upload in social networking sites.
2. He/she can be found out at public places.
3.Instead of some unwanted bad news this can be been written or show in media in such a way that people can come to know about it
2 0 1. THE APPLICATION SHOULD HAVE FACILITY TO UPLOAD PHOTO,VIDEO AND AUDIO DATA OF MISSING PERSON AND FACILITY TO LINK WITH DATA BASE OF AADHAR.
2. THE DATA BASE OF THE APPLICATION SHOULD BE LINKED TO ALL SECURITY AGENCIES LIKE STATE POLICE SO THAT THEY CAN CHECK IMMEDIATELY THE DATABASE FOR MISSING CASES WITH AVAILABLE PROOFS
3. DATABASE SHOULD ALWAYS BE COROSS CHECKED WHENEVER ANY CHILD MOVEMENT DONE THROUH AIRPORT,BUS STAND, RAILWAY STATIONS BY SCREENING EACH CHILD THERE.
0 0 The design and lay out should be easy to use , so person of village can also use the particular thing properly(availability of making account of missing child) ,
It should be connected to various social networking sites since most of the people are available there , on various websites and ngo pages on Facebook and other websites the missing children information should be available, so more people can be reached
2 0 keep the website update with every missing child and connect a mobile app with face detection feature. Make each and every countryman use this app to capture a child photo who he/she thinks is missing or is alone in problem or a suspected child in problem. This app will help in founding of that child very fast by matching the photo captured by this app and photo on website and alerting the police if that detection of face is successful. Police will use the app location to go and help those child
0 2 Dear sir, required i chip GPRS "locket" for each child .
0 1 sir in my view first of all the people of india must own a basic neccesity android phone from govnmnt,such that our web portal should be based on android platform ,where daily updates of missing childrens should be posted such that the missing childrens details and  small amount of money as a reward and appreciation from govnmt for those who finds the missing childrens so that they will get tempted to notify about the missing childrens
0 1 Sir
I feel that each and every child born should have unique ID like adhar card and  his eyes colour and other possible features of recognition must be scanned  and so that whenever his face or any features  is viewed in cctv camera or facebook immediately signal may reached to all the concerned Govt. authorities with location. I also feel that a special chip can be designed which can be fixed to the child at the tme of vaccination and it may send information/ Signal of his location.
0 0 #khoyapaaya #missingchildren #mygov #MinistryofWomenandChildDevelopment
The portal should be a central one of which every SHO should have an access, in addition to the usual practices that they undertake to search for children, information should be immediately uploaded here. What I mean to say is that the portal should be the central bank of such cases.
2 0 मोदी जी नमस्कार,
पोर्टल एक अच्छी सोच है पर सफलता तभी मिलेगी जब अघिकतम लोगो तक इसकी पहुच हो और इसका एक ही तरीका है SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES
अगर हम  Facebook or twitter को राजी कर इस पोर्टल को उनसे जोड़ दे जहाँ ads की तरह गुमसुदा बच्चों की तस्बीरें FLASH हो तो हमारी पहुच काफी बढ जायेगी.
इससे बे लोग भी फोटोज को देख सकेंगे जो ज्यादा SOCIAL ACTIVE नही हैं
0 1 That web portal should be made available in all regional languages as well as it must be simple to use, keeping in mind that even missing children should be able to use this portal.
0 0 Sir first make a stick low on children theft and children's body parts taskri. Direct hiring on these cases under supreme court panel and if he/she guilty then punish by faasi only. Because these crime is not tolerable at all..
0 2 I had herd that all police station's of country. If web is to be used it frist make govt information available.
Make SOP for missing children FIR . And model officers should be appointed at district level.
0 0 खोये हुए अधिकतर बच्चे गरीब परिवार के होते है।
इसलिए ये धयान रखा जाये की web site बहोत सरल हो जो कम पढ़े लोगो को भी तुरंत समझ आ जाये।इसे दो भाग में ही आराम से बता जाये।एक तरफ खोये बच्चों का नामांकन की सुबिधा तो दूसरी और पाये हुए बचे की नामांकन की सुबिधा दी हो ।
और उसके निचे एक सर्च इंजन की सुबिधा हो जिसमे  खोये हुए बच्चों का नाम सर्च कर के देखा जा सके।
0 1 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, दूरदर्शन के माध्यम से "गुमशुदा" व्यक्तियों को ढूंढने की मुहिम ही काफ़ी है। "खोया-पाया" नामक अलग पोर्टल की आवश्यकता बिल्कुल नहीं है। वैसे भी दैनिक अख़बारों के ज़रिए ऐसे लोगों की सूचना मिलती ही रहती हैं। यक़ीन मानिए, अलग़ से पोर्टल की कहीं कोई आवश्यकता नहीं है॥
1 1 #MissingChildren
1. Web portal should train children through relative information on the website, how to respond on if they got lost i.e they must first reach the nearest police station and report Etc.
2. Through Web portal parents can directly contact with nearest police station or police head from where the child got missing.
3.The goverment must issue ID card with in built GPS chip in it to every school going children so that when a child get missing this Web portal can track it.
0 0 Khoyapaya have to make photographs of all missing & Found child with some unique code & also write Websites on that photo
after that viral in social media of all photos.
& One Broadcast Message By Government With WebSite and details
and also mention about this initiative by On All NewsPaper so people will aware for this..because generally what happen some initiative known for youth because they using internet but for common people marketing is neccessary
#MissingChildren #Khoyapaya #Children
0 0 Missing child ki pics ke liye ek web portal bnaya jaye and usko daily update kiya jaana chaye sub state ke missing person vha ho and sub tv channels per side mey vo pics dikhayi jaye and us missing child ki detail jo hai authority ko dene walle ko unki family and government inaam dey isse log inform bhi krege and tv channels ko social responsibility ke aadhar per mna skte hai..
