8 0 Please try to develop for other Indian languages also. I am using a Samsung Note 3 with stylus option. I am not comfortable with this keyboard. Lot of improvement is required.

1 0 LPG gas services should be available to all the citizen of India without any control over it. In the rural area, LPG may not be affordable to the people,as they are using fire wood, cow dung, which is available them at free of cost or very nominal at rural area. but, special subsidy for fuel stove should be given to such class of people, so, they can start to use LPG. further, subsidy is the main element to such poor class people, hence, it should be given quickly in bank a/c.,

7 0 देश का मीडिया बहुराष्ट्रीय कम्पनियों द्वारा सँचालित है क्या न्यूज दिखाना है क्या नही यह सब बहुराष्ट्रीय कम्पनियां तय करती है
किसको हाइलाइट करना है किसको नही
बहुराष्ट्रीय कम्पनियां अच्छे से जानती है कि फिल्म इन्डस्ट्रीज मे काम करने वाले एक्टर, एक्ट्रेस करोङो करोङो भारतीयों की पहली पसन्द है । युवा इनके इतने बङे फेन है कि अगर यह एक्टर, एक्ट्रेस अदनँगे कपङे पहनकर फिल्मों मे आ जाये तो भारतीय युवक - युवतियां अपने आप को अाधानँगा करने मे कोई शर्म महसूस नही करेँगे ।
दुसरे अाते है क्रिकेटर जिनके करोङ

3 0 Recently I sent many Tweets to Railway Ministry to know the update on Indore-Khandwa guage conversion project, but didn't received any reply back. Can we've a transparent web portal available where the live status of all government projects including Railways can be tracked? Pl share the info.

3 0 Sharing a very bad experience we had during recent holiday season, when we went to visit Attari border to attend the beating the retreat ceremony. After reaching I learnt that there is a VIP pass entry is also, which is hurting, my question is why it so necessary? Moreover there was a huge amount of crowd on that day that majority of visitors were not able to go inside the stadium to experience the ceremony and many of us were came from different parts of country. Can't we stop this VIP culture

0 0 Coming everyday in newspaper will not delievered project. People are aware which gov are delievering and which gov are not delievering

1 0 I went to google earth to see progress in smart city SIR dholera and others and didnt find any progress. I have checked same site before 2 years and afte there is no change. I think this gov shd resign give control to kejriwal atleast he implemented one programm successfully

0 0 In respect to education to people our MHRD department are working very sincerely, there are so many schools and development project implemented, I want to suggest that, education system should be knowledge and skill oriented, having more practical knowledge instead of only books and reading knowledge. further, control over the education for education to all and equal,any school or colleges students must have equall knowledge and calible,skills and tellant which is in private or rich school.

1 0 sir modi ji aap ne mudhra loan too launch too ker diya per aap ne yeh nehe baya ki yeh loan sirf un logo ke liye hai jo phle se busnise ker rehe hai
many abhe 2 month pehle apne wife ko open kar wha ker de hai per muhe loan ke t&c refuse ker diya hai aap baye may kya karu

4 0 हमें देश के जवानों के लिए बुलेट प्रुफ वर्दी चाहिऐ

0 5 in bharat only hindi should be acceptable at each stage leaving apart other languages as this can only bring bonding among all accepting all regional languages creates a void among all

0 0 SIR DES KI SURAKSA KO LE KAR MUJHE AAPSE MILNE KA APOINTMENT CHAHIYEUSKE LIYE MUJHE KYA ARNA HOGA

1 0 Modi sir mai DES kibsuraksah ko lekar AAP SE milna milna CHAHTA hu Maine LOC KE LIYE electronic SEQURITY system BANAYA hai mai is baare me 20 BAAR LIKH chuka hu LEKIN AAPKA EK BHI JAWAB NAHI AAYA agar JAWAB NAHI dena to mai likhna band KAR du

0 0 प्रिय मोदी जी, आतंकवादी हमलो में शहीद हुए हमारे सैनिको के परिवारो की आर्थिक सहायता के लिए सभी केंद्रीय तथा पी0 एस0 यू0 कर्मचारियों से प्रति शहीद 1 ₹ , मृत्यु सहायता राशि लेकर शहीद के परिवार को दी जाये। सोचिये लगभग 50–60 लाख कर्मचारियों द्वारा दिए गए 1₹ के सहयोग से शहीद के परिवार को 50–60 लाख की धनराशि मिलेगी, जिस से सैनिको और उनके परिवारो का मनोबल बढेगा ,सभी सरकारी कर्मचारी इस सहयोग पर गर्व महसूस करेंगे। जय हिन्द।

0 0 In respect to pollution control,in the 21st century,it is not possible to restrict the facilities of people, but, there should be proper management to control the pollution, to encourage less polluted vehicle like CNG,elctric,maximum use of solar and hydro electricity,industrial area should be about 25kms from residence area, Industrial area should consume maximum area for greenery to control the carbot from factory.drainage and waste management should be perfect to control the pollution.

0 0 हमें बुलेट ट्रैन नहीं.... ?
हमें देश के जवानों के लिए बुलेट प्रुफ वर्दी चाहिऐ

1 0 If not done, list of commonly used names, fetched from databases be stored, for auto corrections/suggestions, as the user types, data can get filtered and as its also for anganwadi workers, during census, a facility to auto-fill the address based on GPS could be provided. If not and necessary, styles of writing be confined to fewer methods for efficient and better recognition. Transliteration keyboard can also be provided, if needed.

3 0 केंद्र सरकार को चाहिए कि जितने आतंकवादी मारे जाएं उनके शव दफनाने की बजाय जलाना शुरू कर दें।यह उपाय आतंकवाद मे कमी आने का उपाय साबित हो सकता है।क्योंकि पहली बात आतंकवाद का कोइ धर्म नहीं होता।इसलिए क्या फर्क पडता है उसे जलाया या दफनाया जाए?दूसरी बात फिदायीन हमलावर मरने के बाद जलने लगेंगे तो जिन 72 हूरों के लालच मे वह जिहादी बनते हैं उस सुख को कभी प्राप्त नहीं कर पाएंगे क्योंकि जलने के बाद शरीर राख बन जाएगा।

1 0 Why we are not creating paraller mumbai because for business we so depend on mumbai that is the reason maharastra gov is not developing this city they are thinking even if we are not developing people will come here and do business they are taking us as a granted. We should develop metro airport

2 0 "INNOVATIVE IDEA"
केंद्र सरकार को चाहिए कि जितने आतंकवादी मारे जाएं उनके शव दफनाने की बजाय जलाना शुरू कर दें।यह उपाय आतंकवाद मे कमी आने का उपाय साबित हो सकता है..

0 0 I downloaded the keyboard to my android device.. the classification accuracy is decent but not impressive. I am not sure the learning model used for training the system, even with less samples I would recommend using the writing mechanics to find the geometric invariants, instead of a deep convolutional net currently state of art for MNIST dataset. I would recommend create a similar dataset for all Indian languages for testing character recognition algorithms. http://ucrel.lancs.ac.uk/acl/H/H94/

0 0 Sir,in view of electricity theft can we sell electricity on board cost and pass the subsidy in consumer account so that we catch up theft . After the successful implementation of jandhan yojna we have opened huge bank accounts . We can start this project from circle level.

1 0 The Tamil tool works fine except when the letters are not tilted towards the left side. Also, when tried with mouse instead of a stylus in a laptop, it fails to recognize. But I think they can be easily rectified with proper efforts. Otherwise, this is a very good initiative taken. All the best. Thanks.

0 0 Dear Modi jee, My view is on development of Indian Railways in Himachal Pradesh which is lagging behind. We need Trains through out Himachal Pradesh connecting all major cities.

0 0 Under#Disaster Resilient India# Majuli island Assam soil erosion the loss is our pain after next State Govt Form we can do this..1) To reduce soil erosion plant tree according to the direction of wind. Roots of plants hold soil reduce erosion.2) We can introduce jute sack netting or nylon netting immerse or tuflon manmade netting.3) Rock hard rock stone sand bag cement bag barricade.4) channelize the water flow by tube or pipeline.5) By soil grafting earth shifting different types of EARTH.

1 0 OPEN FORUM1) Under#Disaster Resilient India# New Idea a future device design by me Abhilekh kaushik  in imagination for underground detecting people under building collapse earth quake and other resuce operation by Army Navy Airforce Special Force NDRF SDRF….BHARAT MATA KI JAI…VANDE MAATRAM.I SERVE MY NATION TRULY MY PEOPLE AND MY STATE..JAI HIND.

0 0 Hi Sir, There are some inputs 1.Make all Applications Mandatory to fill-up online(includes Employment,Real-Estate,Education),if proper proof is not uploaded you can't fill it;you can submit it anywhere in state/india. 2.All documents like PAN,AADHAR,LICENCE,Passport,Votercard and other IDs should link,why these many IDs required.3.Common language in India for Govt Paper Work.4.There should be Single Person who will reply and one should know once application is submitted.

0 0 Dear Modiji,
I have a simple suggestion that you open various kiosks at significant locations within the city to spread awareness and apt handling of such systems so that citizens would be able to understand their compatibility with them. Such systems were implemented by M.C.G.M in Mumbai to provide city, tourist, public transport info., navigation info. to visiting tourists as well as localites. Also we can implement such systems on trial basis in Ration shops, postal services etc.

0 0 sir ,i request to  bio fuel made by gobar(cows etc).cows urion made to medicine.we give suggestion for every village made for bio gas ,fuel,medicine by cows toilet &urine.other suggestion roof of indian railway by solar plates to create electricity.made in india support for this sir.namste sir

0 0 respected pm modi sir,i have struggle from childhood to now.i am self made engineer.i have taution after enginnering class  for earn money.12th class to m.tech(cs) studies by self earn money by tution.i am free teching for poor & small charge for middle class.i have 3 sister.my father is small worker.which not earn money for my study & marriage my sister but i am very struggle 16 hrs work then one sister lawyer & yonger sister b.pharma.&so,many help to poor & low middle class student.

0 0 "KARTVYA"
NAME- BHARAT MEGHANI
STATE- GUJRAT
DIST- BANASKANTHA
TALUKA- DHANERA

0 0 sabhi bima agent ki commission ki amdani rs.1.5 laks se jayda ho tab   TDS  kat na chahiye.and sabhi bima agent ka commission badh na chahiye and sabhi bima company ko bhi sabhi agent ko ap ne karmchario ko jo jo benefit dete ho vo sabhi benefit dena chahiye .bhot muskil se agent ko bima milta hohga, field me jakar dekhna and experience kar ke ye sujav par soch na chahiye .onlu sujav he sikayat nahi he

0 0 The discussion on SELF HELP FORUM has been closed, It was the right and appropriate forum to discuss any matter which was related to any person on any issue. I heartly request to start the SELF HELF FORUM, if not possible to restart, please start on common forum in which any person can share their problems and issues on which they wanted to share.It will also helpful to our mission, because, the participant will write any matter in any irrelated forum, which may not respond properly, Thanks

0 0 The system can be enhanced to "read" Tamil/Hindi scripts using an in-built camera & translate it to any other language. For example, if the camera of a system (laptop/tablet/smartphone) is pointed to a tamil text, the system shall be able to read that text and translate it to desired language like Hindi. This can be achieved by image processing techniques. Such a system will be immensely useful to decipher sign-boards, announcements etc which may be written in a language not understood by user.

0 0 I was trying to use application, but accuracy seems bit less and looks like there is no correlation between words. When i write words at an angle, accuracy drops a lot, some preprocessing  could be done here. Accuracy could be improved, with large scale neural network and deeplearning. Is there a white paper for this? some suggestions could be done if it available.

0 0 This might be a little off topic but if the system is based on voice recognition then it may also help those people who face difficulty in reading or writing. Meaning that, if the user is asked a question verbally and is allowed to input answer verbally then it may benefit more in some scenarios. System can record the voice responses. Just a thought.

0 0 मा०प्रधानमंत्री जी द्वारा दिया गया "कर्तव्य" पर कविता की पंक्ति अपने तुच्छ से ज्ञान द्वारा लिखने कि कोशिश किया हूँ -
ठाना कार्य जब तूँ सच्ची लगन से कर दिखलाएगा,
तेरा लगन दूसरों के हित में भूमिका निभाएगा,
तेरा कार्य जिस दिन देश का मान बढ़ाएगा,
हे मानव! उस दिन तेरा कर्तव्य सच्चे हित
का कर्तव्य कहलाएगा।

0 0 Hello..I like the system that you are planning to design. But since the every person has a unique style of writing comparing with some of the samples of writings might or might not get a good result sometimes. I have one suggestion here. When a user installs this app, or uses the system for the first time a test sentence which covers all the letters of Hindi or Tamil can be given to the user to type. This way, we can capture the style of writing particular letters for that particular user.

1 0 यह् पहल भारतिय भाशाऒ कॆ विकास् ऎवम् विस्तार् कॆ लियॆ ऎक् अति महत्वपुर्न यॊग्दान् है. तकरिबन् 70 प्रतिशत् फॊर्म्स्  ऐसॆ है जॊ कि मात्र इङ्लिश् भाशा कॆ अनुरुप् है और् इसि वजह् सॆ रुरल् नागरिक् या तॊ अपन मन्तव्य दॆतॆ नहि है या फिर् भाशा बाध् कि वजह् सॆ दॆ नहि पातॆ है. सभि राज्य सरकारॆ इस् सुविधा कॊ महत्तम् आधार् प्रदान् करॆ तॊ रुरल् ऎवम् अन्य नागरिक् जिसॆ भाशा बाध् है वॆ अपना मन्तव्य ऎवम् यॊग्दान् पुर्न स्वरोप् सॆ दॆङ्गॆ. इस् पहल् कॆ लियॆ हम् MILE Lab,IISc ऎवम् अन्य सहयॊगि सन्स्थाऒ कॆ आभारि है.

0 0 Sir,you are 100% unique, my best wishes are with you-please encourage business women immensely to make them strong enough.

0 0 As an innovation, we can surly go for this features. And later on, based on this achievement, if we can move further ahead, and design any such device, which can recognize steno writing, and converts into words (with as much accuracy as possible), than this will take a lot's of burden off from the stenographer working in courts, and will speed up the process as well ! #DeitY, #OnlineHandwritingRecognitionSystem, #TDIL, #MyGov

1 0 सर मेरा भाषा के बारे में सुझाव है कि, जितने भी हिन्दी भाषी राज्य हैं वे गैर हिन्दी भाषी राज्यों से एक समझौता करें उन राज्यों की भाषा अपने राज्य में पढाने के लिए तथा हिन्दी को उनके राज्यों मे. ऐसा एक-एक हिन्दी भाषी राज्य एक- एक गैर हिन्दी भाषी राज्य के साथ कर सकता है.

0 0 in put-a writing pad vith lines  should be  used,delete option is also included.hand writing itefself may be used.

0 0 Namaste,  i have an idea about transportation security, Its like same as Airport luggage checking security, Highways toll is a place where all four wheeler have to stop for toll at least 3 min.  In every toll govt can put X-ray kind of machine to search all stuff with dog squad and vehicle on auto accelerator ( for people safety by X-rays) and same toll they can check driver drunken test or related to motor  act stuff. It may help to reduce sumggle stuff.

0 0 मैं आरा बिहार से हूँ. मेरा आपसे एक विनम्र निवेदन है कि कृपया मेरे शहर में लैंडलाइन और ब्रॉडबैंड की केबल पूर्ण रूप से नहीं बिछाई गई है. मैं जब एक्सचेंज ऑफिस में पहुंचा तो मुझे बताया गया कि सिर्फ आपके लिए हम केबल नहीं बिछायेंगे. सर आप स्वयं सोचिये पहले आप बिछायेंगे तभी तो लोग जुड़ेंगे. मेरे मोहल्ले में बहुत लोगों के घर लैंडलाइन फोन ऐसे ही पड़ा हुआ है. चूँकि कुछ साल पहले तक केबल था परन्तु इधर कुछ वर्षों से केबल कट गया है. सर Digital India के लिए ये जरुरी है कि सभी जगह ब्रॉडबैंड से जुड़ा हो.

1 0 sir you are doing great work do like this in future also...our best wishes are with you..!!!
online recognition is good..sir in india you should made this in-built function in mobile phones..which not only help the peoples but also the government...the system should be  made like this which can recognised all  handwritings.

0 0 माननिये प्रधानमन्त्री जी,
नमस्कार​,
मेरा आपसे एक नम्र निवेदन है कि क्या कोई ऐसा व्यवस्था हो सक्ता है जिससे कि राज्यो को अपने अच्छे कामों के लिये अलग से प्रोत्साहन रासी दिया जाये और खासकर उस काम के लिये जिस क्षेत्र वो अच्छा काम किया हो और साथ साथ ऐसे विषये पे ध्यान दिया जाये जिस मे वो पिछर रहे हों और उसके सुधार के लिये वहाँ के नौजवानों से सुझाओ लिया जाये।
धन्यबाद​,
वन्दे मातरम​

1 0 जय भारत माता की जय
हमे गर्व है हमें भारतीय होने का.....................
जय हिन्द

1 0 Respected Sir,
                      mahaeschol.maharshtra.gov.in website has so many issues, because of this we are unable to fill forms of our students and they mailed all the principal of colleges last date is 31/12/2015.
     For registration website generates OTP it ok but OTP is not received within time after session expire or after 1hr/half hr OTP message is received....  So many issues that website have! Can you make attention on this issues so that all other st

0 0 Please make the demo easily available at the site.

2 0 Developing Speech to Text applications will be more helpful than hand recognition as most of the smart phones are not using stylus and typing in Tamil is also a huge task as we have lots of alphabets in the qwerty keyboard.
I support to have a Speech to Text Option

2 0 Alcohal tabacoo and drugs product is legal but they can hurt lot of people.

0 0 Develop apps for speech to text & text to speech in all Indian Languages. Develop software to convert speech from Major Indian language to English & Vice versa.So a person speaks in Hindi from a mobile converted to English & then person listening mobile device converts English to any Indian languages like Gujarati,Tamil,Telugu,Bengali. This should be done instantaneously & occupy less space.Immediately language barrier in our country is broken. Similarly develop apps for text conversion also.

1 0 my daughter yashika

0 0 since because of language many can't express they valuable ideas but this provide them to express their opinions

1 0 mananiya pradhan mantri ji Aap ka pradhan mantri mudra yojna he Bade Bank keliye ya chhota bank keliye mai chakar kat rahahun bank ki pichhe

0 0 manniya pradhan mantri ji jin mantriyo or netao par court or anya mamle chal rhe hai ya lambit hai, unhe dobara mantri kyo bana diya jata hai.. aise logo se janta kya ummid kare...?
 mera mat ye he ki jis kisi neta ya mantri par agar koi court case, kanuni mamla namjad hai to usko hamesha ke liye ayogya kar dena chahiye or in logo ka fir kahi or kisi bhi kshatra main koi interfere nahi hona chahiye, inka rajneetik career hamesha ke liye khatam kar dena chahiye

1 0 manniya pradhan mantri ji desh ki sava karor janta netao ko apna pratinidhi bana kar apne apne khsetra se bhejti he taki unki or samaj ki jo bhi samsyayen hai unka nirakaran ho sake...!
lekin ye neta mantri banne ke baad jis tarha ka bartav lok sabha or vidhan sabha main karte hai, inse kya ummid ki ja sakti hai...!
har neta mantri ko sirf pad or kursi lalsa hai, sab sirf apne liye hi soch rhe hai, inhe yeh bhi yaad nahi ki in logo ko mantri bana kar janta ne kis liye vaha par bheja hai..

1 0 PM SAHAB AAP SE GUJARIS HAI KI AAP KISANO KE UTPADAN LAGAT KA ANKALN KAR SAHI MULIYA NIRDHARIT KA KAMISAN BANAYE AUR SAMARTHAN MULIYA GHOSIT KARE .PM SAHAB KISAN IMANDARI SE GOVT KO APNA KHADIYAN BEJTI HAI KOI BHRDTACHAR NAHI RAHTA. PM AAP SE BAR BAR REQUIEST KAR RAHA HU KI KISANO KA UTPADAN KA SAHI MULIYA NIRDHARIT KARE MAI APNA EXPRINCE BATA RAHA HU KI KISAN AAJ KI SAMAY ME AAP SE BAHUT NARAJ HAI  SIRF AAP UNKE UTPADAN KA SAHI MULIYA DA BUS KISAN AAPNA MEHNAT SE APNA SUHIDA BANA LETA HAI.

1 0 PM SAHAB NIVEDAN HAI KI KISANO KE UTPADAN KA SAHI SAMARTHAN MULIYA GHOSIT KARE PM SAHAB AAP KE10 SAL ME KARMCHARI KA PAYKAMISAN BANTA HAI DESH KE AANDATA KA KOI PAYKAMISAN NAHI BANTA SABKA SALLRY, SANSAD KA AUR VIDHAYAK KA SALLRY DO MUNAT ME DUBBLE HO JATA AUR PARLIYAMENT ME PASS HO JATA HAI. PARNTU KISANO KA SAMAN KA MULIYA SIRF 50/-RUPEES BADTA HAI JAISE BHIK DE RAHE HO RAHE HO.

1 0 3.80% CHHATTISGARH ME KISAN HAI AAJ KE SAMAY ME VILLAGE AREA ME BJP KA VOTE% KEWAL 10% RAH GAYA HAI KHUCH SAMAY ME 0% HO JAYEGA. AGAR AAP DE NAHI SAKTE  TO JHUT MAT BILEYE.
4. PM SAHAB AAP GOVT KO 19 MONTH HO GAYA HAI PAR AAJ KE SAMAY ME URIYA NITY KE ALAWA KOI YOJNNA KISANO KA NAHI BANA HAI . AAP KISANO KA SAHI ME BHLA KARNE WALE HAI TO KISANO KE DHAN KA SAHI SAMARTHAN MULIYA GHOSIT KARE KISANO SE JHUT MAT BOLIYE.

1 0 2.CHHATTISGARH ME TIN BAR BJP KA SARKAR BNA DR RAMAN SINGH CM BNE PICHHALE 10 SAL ME KISANO KA PURA DHAN KHARIDA AUR BONAS 270/-DIYA JISASE KISANO KO ARTHIK SUPPORT MILA PARANTU JAB 2014 KA VIDHAN SABHA ELECTION HUA TO BJP SARKAR NE KISANO SE WADA KIYA KI DHAN KA SAMRTHAN MULYA 2100/- AUR BONAS 300/- DUNGA PARNTU ELECTION JITNE KE BAD BJP APNA WADA BHUL GAYA AAJ KISAN KA DHAN MARKET ME 1000/-KIWANTAL BIK RAHA HAI LAGAT MULYA NAHI MIL RAHA HAI CHHATTISGARH KE KISAN KA HALAT EK DUM KHARAB HO GAYA

2 0 PM SAHAB NAMASKAR PM JEE AAPNE BAHUT SARE SKEEM JAISE (1)DIGITAL INDIA(2) MAKE IN INDIA (3) PAHAL (4) JAN DHAN YOJANA (5) PM BIMA YOJNA (6)SAWCHHA BHARAT ABHIYAN (7) BLACK MONEY SIT TEAM (8)SMART CITY YOJNA (9) GRAMIN VIDHUTI KARAN YOJNA AADI BAHUT SARE YOJNA AAP DESH ME LAGU KIYE MAI AAP KO IS KE LEYE DHANIYAWAD KARTA HU. PM SAHAB MUJHE AAP SE GUJARIS HAI KI MERE IN NICHE LIKHE POINT KO DHIYAN DE AUR SAMJHEYE
1. MERA NAM JAY KUMAR, MAI KISAN KA BETA HU KHETI KARTA HU. CHHATTISGARH STATE KA HU

1 0 There are huge people in India who cannot express their innovative and constructional ideas for the society because only they don't know to write English. This online handwriting system can pull those Smart people into smart India which will aid the success of Digital India and more.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्रीजी , सुदूर गांवों में " दिखता " विकास आवश्यक है ।  ग्रामीण का उत्साह ही देश का उत्साह है ।

0 0 it would be great to have such a software, it will be even better if it could be provided as a built in feature in most devices. Our notes would pass the language barriers and slowly we could include more languages over the time. we could sign our documents and by text to speech, accessibility for divyang people would improve. #DeitY #OnlineHandwritingRecognitionSystem #TDIL #MyGov

0 0 It is nice idea to having the hand writing recognition software placed for Hindi and Tamil... But many part of India people does not know to write.. Also this only reduced to two language only. if that is basically for form filling then it is better to have one person one identity(aadhar card). Rather put the effort in this area. We can make use aadhar numbers to fill up those forms automatically. But we need to store signature digitally to check the person consciousness. #DeitY

1 0 Please make one india one language, if it's not possible then it'll never be possible to make a developed country as India

0 0 Kam cho .my self name is parag b Mehta from Gujarat..Thanks parag

0 0 Sir,
from last 6 months Ex Defense Officers are sitting on Dharana for 'One Rank One Pay'. Why they are not participating in gas subsidy surrender movement. They all are drawing at least Rs 25000/- per month. It is my suggession that an appeal should be made to leave claiming their Gas Subsidy by all class 'A' and class 'B' Government officers of the country in 'Man ki Baat' by none other than prime minister himself.
Thanks
RKU

0 0 Nice concept.As it is mentioned strokes and traces, when the input is given the particular letter has to undergo some stroke of angle which is undefined apart from x and y.In other words what I tend to say is the angle in which each and every word projected as X and Y (in English),so as for Hindi and Tamil going to be unique for each word.Those angle must be under consideration and the high level language must be compiled to low level language as the current Java program.But this level is higher

0 0 desi biya se organic kherti ho to bhot acha sujav

0 0 sabhi collage and schools and university sabhim prakar ki shiksa me ache sankar,sadgi,manvta,desprem,yoga,karate,shanskrit ko important de sujav

0 0 bharat jodo bicycle historical  bharat jodo yatra 1 11 1988 t0 26 03 1989 me arunachal to okha me huyi.baba amteji ne ayojan kiya tha usme 22 state ke 87 bhai bhen the unkas sanman government kare sujav

0 0 sabhi banks and railways sadgi,solar sistam ko important de,sabhi seva bhot kam dam me dete rahe.sabhi banks and railway solar ka used ache rakha rakhav ke sath used kare sujav

0 0 To make such system there should be boxes like grid or graph paper inside boxes for both whole name and characters. Like there are boxes for first name and last name inside these boxes there should be gird or boxes like graph paper and in each box of the grid or graph. Zoom facility for each box can be provided while writing. Like write in zoom area. Dictionary and character support should be provided to each number, alphabet, word or line for example....remaining in the image...

1 0 A language moment is required. for example prime minister of the nation giving his speech in a language which is not known by more than 5 state people.
All Indians must know 3 languages,
1. concern state's language
2.Hindi
3.English( must, since universal )
At least now the govt should take necessary steps to sort out this issue.
is it possible? a big hypothetical question.
then only this online recognition conversion,etc.,a blender happened 50 years earlier by splitting states linguistic.

0 0 sir, i am medical officer in primary health center yes collection of data is needed at field level . you have CDAC Multilingual Computing and heritage department they were expert in that and also involve IISC for this project and also develop Machine translation software for 22 indian languages . sir you can use E-INK tablet pc which last for 15 days battery pack.and develop all 22 languages at one time . that will benifit e governance .thank you

0 0 dear sir.I don't think that it is much needed.it can bring conflict between oter laguage as you are giving prefrence to tamil better than giving prefrence to tamil you should give prefrence to hindi more as we krow hindi is compulsory in southern state but they are hardly able to speak so you should do something for that

1 0 It is a nice  Hindi and Tamil Online Handwriting Recognition System.Technologists must try to develop such system in all language so that any indian may not find problem in the use of technology in his own language.Govt should promote such attempts so that all may contribute for Make In India.Such attempts must continue.It is a good attempt to have in Hindi and Tamil.It is easily accessible and user-friendly.

0 0 sir, pm narendra modi our education system is wrong way so frist we think correct education system or young student or unemployed students ko technology ki correct traning dekar young bharat ka nirmad kiya ja sakta h

1 0 Now a days Indians are connecting with each other. like helping tendency, food and so many things. But most of the people did not give importance to the Language particularly in Hindi. It is a Official language so every one must realize the importance and explore it. then only we can build a fulfill nation. Smart Phone is a tool to use this. because every one using this.

0 0 प्रधान मंत्री जी  इस सपने को पूरा  करने के लिए  आपको सबसे पहले शिक्षा का स्तर ठीक करना  होगा  शिक्षण संस्थानों  उद्देश्य " शिक्षार्थ आइए सेवार्थ जाइये" से बदल कर  " civilized सिविलियन " होना चाहिए . फिर पुलिस व्यवस्था में फर्स्ट फॉर सिविलन का प्रारूप वाह्यवारिक होना चाहिए . स्वस्थ्य   सेवाओ का स्वरुप बदलना चाहिए.  पैरामेडिक स्टाफ की  भर्ती कर स्वाथ्य सेवा को इमरजेंसी सर्विसेज में लाना होगा.सड़को से भीख मांगते बच्चो के लिए सशक्त योजना बनानी होगी और भ्र्ष्टाचार पर रोक लगानी होगी

0 0 जो उनके अभिभाबक उसे पूरा कर पाने मे अपने को असमर्थ पाते होने ......?
प्रधानमंत्रीजी , आपसे अनुरोध है कि आपको कोई ऐसा प्रोग्राम लाना होगा जिससे उनको कोई समाजिक या आर्थिक पक्की सुरक्च्छा सरकार से हर ग़रीब परिबार को मिले जो एक सामाजिक आंदोलन बने और लोग बेटियों की परवरिश के लिए प्रेरित हों.---
आपका शुभेक्छु    ---  जगमोहन मिश्रा-

0 0 ---ज़्यादातर केस मे छोटी ब अबोध बच्चियों को लोग ट्रेन , मंदिर, अनाथालय ब सार्बजानिक स्थलो पर लबारिश छोड़ देते है
---ऐसा भी देखा गया है छोटी बच्चियों को बहुत से लोग बेच देते है या जान से ही मार डालते है ......भ्रुण हत्या उसी कडी का हिस्सा है...?
इन सबके पीछे जो सामाजिक बुराई मुझे नज़र आती है
बो बच्चियो की सुरक्च्छा ...?
उनकी शिकक्षा ...?
उनको पराया समझना ......?  ब
सबसे अहम उनकी महगी होती शादियाँ  ब  संमाज का सबसे बड़ा कलंक "दहेज" भी है ..?
...contd.

0 0 प्रिय  प्रधानमंत्री - "धर्मात्मा मोदी जी",
“मनकी बात “ ने तो पूरे देश को ही अभिभूत कर दिया है
हम आपका ध्यान, अपने समाज की उस कालिख को उजागर करना चाहते है जो छोटी छोटी अबोध बच्चियों से जुड़ा है ...?
मैने अपने भ्रमण मे अधिकांश पाया है क़ि भीख माँगने मे ब बत्तर जीवन जीने मे ज़्यादातर कम उम्र की बच्चियाँ होती है इनको लाख पूछने पर बो अपना परिचय नही बता पाती है ब संदिग्ध निगाह से इधर उधर देखती है जैसे बो किसी के ख़ौफ के साये से बिबस है..?...contd....

0 0 you should be aware of self medication and expired medicines - K L SENTHILKUMAR

1 0 This is prejudice...these acts raise language intolerance...all 22 languages should be included

0 0 what about Telugu and other statutory languages... Telugu is most spoken after Hindi in india

0 0 Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING on the Internet, without discrimination. Access for everyone is a different goal — universal access. We support universal access, but it must be to the public Internet, not some private walled garden. Don't allow telcos to split the internet and become gatekeepers of what the next 1 billion Indians can access.

0 0 Reduce the fear of Income Tax Department / Police.

2 0 Give inputs for Tamil and Hindi on-line handwriting recognition system is appreciable idea, But there is drawback in it.while recognizing characters,especially in Tamil letters are not correctly translated and spelt.even in Google translation, conversion is worst.So I request Ministry of culture,to look forward in this issue take necessary steps to make necessary steps to inbuilt proper software for each language,just as NHM Tamil typing software so all people can input their view all corner.

0 0 It can be used to digitize legal system's old files. Initially it will have a two pane method to show recognized content vs actual ones. Unrecognized works and characters will be left as it is and highlighted. Plus point here will that a single document will mostly have single hand writing so correcting one letter will correct it at all places in the document. Also, this correction can be done using captchas especially on IRCTC website!! #DeitY, #OnlineHandwritingRecognitionSystem, #TDIL, #MyGov

0 0 Job lagane ka vada karte h.sir in ke pass koi job nahi hoti h. Kirpa kar ke sir jitne bhi placement h inhe bad kare.jitne bhi ye brand h in se open Bharti kraai.

0 0 My name is bhagat Singh dagar.I am by professional Auto mobile engg. Sir Maine auto mobile se diploma kiya Hua hai.But sir hame job nahi mili.is ke baare main kuch vichar rakhna chata h. Main Faridabad se belong karata h.Sab se badi baat yah h Ki jitni bhi se badi company h ye khbhi - 2 open Bharti nahi nikalti h.sir main chata h Ki ap es baare main kuch soche. But sir India ke under jitne bho placement h unehe band Kara de.kyuki se ye placement students se paise mangte h..

0 0 i think.will it work...old way of blighting up have no use on ...younger generation asks for innovative ideas...so to attract them we have to use new mathods...just put a comedy jokes on language tamil so people watch it daily...have popularity spread the news.....go on giving new ideas to develop themselves..tech from beginning...put online videos to learn..just start an app..better way

0 0 uselessly trying to create what already exists there. instead, we must focus on leveraging available technology and mediums, create new platforms so that benefits may reach the greater portion of our population.

0 0 placing servers programmed in tamil and hindi only and covert and compress the into chips and then they should be placed in each and every pen so that when the pen is highlighted over a tamil text  the server immediately catches the command and displays it on the paper automatically
these pens should be named as translation pens and should be sold in the market ...i hope this will work

0 0 Nice initiative,why not include Punjabi,Telugu and other languages too

0 0 Respected Sir
Pls launch a campaign "tree plantation" like Swatch Bharat abhiyaan.
Very necessary to raise it on a vast platform like "Mann ki baat"

