12 1 Now day we lost our identity, people do not know the difference of body and soul due to knowledge gaph of years. 
When people will start to identify himself the automatically he will understand what our Sankranti and great philosophy. 
For this purpose Geeta should be ed as much as we can because in my opinion all questions start with Geeta and also end with Geeta.

8 0 Indian culture must be shown and depicted in Bollywood movies, along with the moral values which are missing from our society. This is the most effective tool for changing the mindset of people.

1 0 gandhi jyanti ke uplaksh me bhent plzz forwad this to honable prime minister

1 3 ????? ??? ??? new generation, ???? ?? ???? ??  ????  ?? ???????? ?? ????? ?? belong ???? ??, ????- ???? ???? ???????? ?????? ?? ?????? ?? ??? ???? ?? ??? ?? ?? ??? ????????? ?? ????????? ?? ?????????? ?????? ?? ??? ??? ????? ?? ????? ?? ??  TV ?? ?????
?? ???? ??? ???????? ?? ????  ?????? ???????? ??????,???????, ?? ?????? ?? ???? ?? ????? ???? ,????  ??? ?? youth ??? ????????? ?? ????? ? ?? ????

4 0 Create tie ups with foreign media. There should be substantial effort in showing true and cultural India outside the country. For example, music videos like 'Lean On' can be shot in places of real cultural significance inside of random exotic looking spots. A lot of bollywood and hollywood movies are shot internationally, in Europe or Middle East, motivating them to shoot in India might be a great showcase of culture and diversity.

4 0 Every tourist spot in every state should have different web address. Culture and traditions related to that spot and state must be published in the website. Tourism is the best way to keep culture alive and vibrant.

3 0 Abayasahayeswarar Temple. Kumbakonam -Thukkachi. Tamil Nadu.

6 0 Abayasahayeswarar Temple.This ancient magnificent temple,built during Vikrama chola(1117 -1135 AD )is in ruins & uncared.As the king was suffering from ven kustam(leucoderma)he continued praying to Abayasahayeswarar (siva) & his consort Soundaranayaki (Parvati) & his disease was cured , in gratitute he built this temple in this ancient place called Durga attchi -(Durga rules, later became to known as Thukkachi .Its some 15 kms from Kumbakonam via Natchiyar koil ,to a remote village in Thukkachi.

12 0 There are many ancient temples which are not covered by Archaeological Survey of India or even neglected by local government bodies. eg;Abathsahayeswarar Temple - Thukkachi - Kumbakonam, TN.1) Make use of our BA/MA graduates in History or other like minded people to do research on such sites.
2) Use rural employment guarantee scheme to clean and restore such sites with peoples participation.
3) Digitize and post pictures and by that way make awareness among people about such sites.

6 0 I suggest (1).The establishment of a Citizen Curator Scheme(CCS)where citizens post photos of damaged monuments and unclean surroundings.(2)a NATIONAL HERITAGE/CULTURE WEEK where statewise quiz competetions are held on culture and winners sent on foreign culture exchange programs.

4 0 1) identify monuments, 2) identify cultural festivals, music, dance, clothing, 3) promote cultural festivals, 4) provide platform for various cultural arts and artefacts 5) create an Indian Travel Calendar that anyone can use to visit places in India, 6) cultural festivals to promote all of these. Its not so difficult, just need little investment and more dedicated people.Create a single platform for tour providers.Just check tourist website of any of the European country, one can get many ideas

1 0 All over the world most of the country's has there own culture and that's make them unique.we are blessed to be born in India.we do have retained our culture but lot places it has to strengthened.one such festival is a new year festival as indian calender.whole world celebrates on 31st.we should maintain our new year celebration that comes around April.it has to be officially celebrated and culture ministry can play a important role to make it grand celebraThen

0 0 Maybe you could start by clearing the pending payments of all Junior Artist fellows whom you have not paid for the last five months? Would that be an 'innovative measure' for you, Fuehrer Modi?

0 0 All the major festivals of India should be chronicled and a itinerary should be prepared so that a foreign or domestic tourist can hop from one state to another in a span of say 1)  5-10 days 2) 10-20 days etc for all months in a year. This will help develop the art and culture over and above the feeling of oneness among all people across all states.

1 0 When we speak about art and culture, we should look at preserving and promoting everything we inherited plus all that we added or invented to this lot in a bundled form.
Vocal art, hand art, body art, yoga art or any preserved cultural things.... when you go places in any Indian state you find that diversity with change of every few hundred miles, in everything.... there is a lot to be bundled and shown to the universe that India posses...
Jai Hind

1 1 ???????? ????? ?? ??????? ?? ???? ??????????? ???? ????????
?? ?????

1 0 Involvement of Students form schools and colleague may prove a great help, government and agencies need to create such an environment.

2 0 #Culture Create a digital portal / database of your cultural heritage. Search and suggest should be the most advanced features of that portal. Then categorise data into buildings sculptures Scriptures dresses etc. Then add attributes like building - age, religion, location, discovery date, etc

0 0 The cultural shows should be interactive and need to promoted like road shows in fair or light and sound shows.. School children should be allowed nominal fee or the shows should be done at school.. Cultaral studies should be promote in all school

2 0 Sabse pehle sanskrut ko study me optional ki bajay must kiya jaye

0 0 ham jo utsav manate hai uske pi6e ka science samajaya jaye, 16 sanskar samjaya jaye ye sab vedo ke aur manu smuti ke adhar pr samjaya jaye,

0 0 मैंने यहाँ दक्षिण कोरिया में देखा कैसे विवाह-संस्कार, लोक-नृत्य अन्य लोक क्रीडा या स्वयं द्वारा बनाई जा सकने वाली लोक संस्कृति की वस्तुएं सिखाना और उनकी सामग्री का विक्रय करना जिससे नयी पीढ़ी के बच्चे सीख सकें इसी तरह खेल-खेल में सिखाई जाती है. दिन में २-4 घंटे भी हो तो ऐसे कार्यक्रम बहुत लोकप्रिय होंगे लोग ठहर के मुफ्त मनोरंजन का आनंद ले सकते हैं.

0 0 मेरा सुझाव है की आप सप्ताहंत में भारतीय संस्कृति के रीती-रिवाजों के कार्यक्रम शहरों के मध्य ऐसे स्थान चुन कर आयोजित करें जहां देशी-विदेशी पर्यटकों की पहुँच रहे. १०-१५ मिनट के नुक्कड़ नाटक, लोक-नृत्य, पुराने खेल, अन्य सांस्कृतिक कार्यक्रम को प्रोत्साहन देंवे..इससे स्थानीय कलाकारों को रोजगार मिलेगा और यह कार्यक्रम निशुल्क होंवे लेकिन इनके नजदीक लोक-हाट लगाया जा सकता है. गुरु,शुक्र,शनि और रविवार चुन सकते हैं.साल में कम से कम ६ महीने हो सकता है. इससे पर्यटन-शिक्षा और रोजगार एक साथ बढ़ेंगे.

0 0 every place in India has its own culture activity and it is amazing to see various on one platfrom but how it is possible is a challenge. I have an idea every government organisation has different people from different places if they organize any culture activity support from their routine job on holidays. it will enhance the culture activity as well as gives a good bond among the employee.

0 0 I'm a recipient of CCRT scholarship under ministry of culture for CarnaticmusicFlute .
First of all I would like to thank the government for this help provided to budding musicians.
We are given support for learning the art. But many people especially those in rural areas really find it difficult to come out with their skills to the outside world.The government can come up with many "Express/Bring out your skills " programs which will be a boost and encouragement to learn more for student

0 0 The most important part of India's history is it's culture and to preserve it is our responsibility. To ensure promotion of different forms of art and culture there should be some online system to preserve it other than heritage and historic sites, ancient monuments
Administration of libraries, public libraries.

1 0 #MinistryofCulture, #ConservationofHeritage, #MyGov

0 0 I would request to know through your medium on why culture ministry did not force the issue when it came to allocation of funds for Heritage under 14th commission.It is really shocking on why there was not a single mention of heritage activities under 14th Commission, A first i believe.This will really affect the heritage conservation activities. We though we will get more allocation for heritage under this government.I am not sure what will be the state of heritage in our country.

0 0 Request your ASI Web master office to maintain correct and functional email Ids.The Email-Ids should not be person specific but Designation Specific.
I had instances where email ids mentioned in website were returned with harsh message like "Do Not Disturb , I am Retired" . Why Official Email-Ids are attached to a person are treated as personal or vice versa.

0 0 I saw a news today that ASI is building the case for bringing back the looted idol of Maa durga from Stutguard. This is a welcome step but same attention needs to be given to down south also.
Sir as informed in previous occasions, the general feeling which is coming out is that the ASI is not worried about the treasures looted from south especially priceless bronzes.
I have written various mails in the past but have not received a positive response on the same.

1 0 I would like to have your attention towards one important monument in Karnataka which should be actually a "National Monument".I am referring to Alaraguppe's Kalleshwara Temple in Tumkur Karnataka. This temple is a fine example of Nolamba styled temple in Karnataka It has one of the best if not the best Ashtadikapalika ceiling one would ever see. The 3-dimensional Dancing Siva with all the musicians around and the beautiful Ashtadikapalika. One of the best Nolamba styled Umasahita

0 0 I recently visited Kambadahalli and was amazed to see the little attention it has got from authorities all around. 
The Problems plaguing this ancient site is:
=================================
-> There are no major boards pointing to this heritage site. Unless you know it, this place can be bit difficult.
-> Roads to this village are not fit for  to

0 0 With great distress I have to write that I am not getting not a single line support from your department on my request for increasing the strength in Epigraphy Department.
I have tried all the mediums like mails and PG Portal, what i have got till now is empty promises and no action.If you check your inbox, you will many mails from me which have been unanswered. I was told that there will be a meeting of DOPT and ADG Sir in the beginning of the month but i believe it has not happened and ther

1 0 This is with reference to a suggestion regarding digitization of ASI (Archaeological Survey of India) Publications and Online sale of both E-books and Hard books.
This will be a great step from ASI towards Digital India Dream. This will also ensure that the books are reachable to large audience within short time and also reducing paper consumption.Also many old books can be reprinted as ebooks. But the scanning should be of top-class and be searchable. Google can help in this as they have don

0 0 Please Revamp www.ASI.nic.in . Right now it looks like a administrative site. Make it more interactive and educative. Social Media is powerful tool . You are frankly wasting the website on admin purposes. Nothing major on events or archaelogy. 
Digitization is very long way to go. Online sales are not even in thought i believe

0 0 One suggesstion is that respect citizen. Reply to their Emails. Don't ignore and discard their mails
Keep your Facebook page and twitter page as two way communication and not one way.
If you improve Public interaction and then you will see more public involvement

0 0 This is in reference to the  state of state archaelogy in Southern India and lack of support from Culture Ministry. Especially Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.As i see south Indian states not getting their due from MOC . I might be wrong but the public perception is like that only.
I request to know from you when we say Ministry of Culture (India). Does it mean only heritage covered under ASI or India as a whole. Because What everyone see is that there is no attention given by MOC

1 0 A very important task which has been long ignored,even the school education has failed to do its part about the same. I would like to divide it into two parts :-(a)Art & culture in the form of historical monuments,books&manuscripts, paintings etc :- These should be digitized and made available on the web. This will not only increase visibility but also promote tourism.(b)Cultural & Performing Arts :- Movements like SPIC MACAY be rejuvenated to make it popular amongst the youth.#MyGov

0 0 First of all, we should make sure that all our Indian brothers and sisters take pride on our own culture,heritage and traditions this can be elevated if the education ministry gives a little more space for those topics, this inturn will ensure the enhanced enthusiasm in our people that itself will do us a lot of good.

0 0 One and only solution for maintain healthy atmosphere is promote and teach YOGA
In any country...and globe the whole..start an international university for yoga with branches in all countries.
It is the one and only user manual of the human species. Which is to be the birth right of every one in this earth
..
Individual transformation leads to global transformation
, yoga for a swachabhoomi,

1 0 most of the superstitions have scientific reason awareness and actual view of every cultural belief should be told and spreaded all over.

0 0 Dhrma

0 0 Dhrmam

0 0 Dharmo rakshite rakshitaha

0 0 1.We should first maintain the monuments which are already recognised & popular, Central govt should charge nominal fees to visit these monuments , maintained means the areas should be clean,safe ,enjoyable with all amenities for lasting memory among tourist. The money collected from these can be utilised for lesser known spots & made popular
Govt should actively encourage Ayurvedic products,yoga,handicrafts ,literature on culture on popular destination

0 0 Such places should be somehow develop as outing + fun destination, where family/kids/youngster come to spend time 
1) Organize school level trips, kids would be our new generation, so attach them with our culture from start
2) Places should be well promote as tourism destination.
3) clean & green area, food park, lighting system, basic sports facility etc could be basic features to attract people again
4) Do timely public entertainment activity there
5) Develop with help of Pvt comp. too

0 0 government should improve the rural college"gramiya kalai matrum palkalaikazagam"

1 0 The government should improve the rural colleges for "gramiya kalai".

0 0 Friends Keep giving your suggestions to develop a Smart City in India at
https://mygov.in/group-issue/smart-city-tiruchirappalli/

0 0 Two child policy must be implemented. It will  make uniform growth of India. In order to make our culture good we must promote family system(live in, homo relations ,pre marital and extra marital affair ..etc must be banned) and moksha(no desire, detachment) oriented teaching. Todays people are oriented towards money and power. it give pleasure up to certain level it won't go more far. Moksha complete freedom is ultimate. jis anand ki talash tumn bahar kar rahe ho wo andar hai(veda & upnanishad)

0 0 high caste people torturted low caste people. Hence they have get depressed. So reservation for tortured (depressed) people not for poor people. If you give reservation to poor people then no body will want to work. So reservation based on money must not be promoted. But it should be modified. Guys who has take advantege of reservation their successor must be removed from reseravtion. As many tortured (depressed) people come up in society we should also reduce percentage of reservation.

1 0 my suggestions :
1. branding of our culture at the global level
2. maintainance of the historic monuments
3. Cultural events with some innovative and new concepts should be held at the national level
4. Importance of Ayurveda,yoga,etc should be told to the people along with the scientific explanations of their effectiveness

0 0 there should be programmes about culture on Private radio channels

0 0 सरकार को एक एकदम ख़ुफ़िया पुलिस फोर्स बनानी चाहिए थी जो कोई भी शिकायत पर उस जगह बिना कोई पुलिस वैन के बिना कोई पुलिस ड्रेस के आम आदमी बन कर जाये....और आम आदमी की तरह बात चीत करके खोज बिन करे.

0 0 i will tell you there are so many temples India have they can be developed as cultural centre and tourist centre the way Mr Jagmohan did for vaishno devi mandir.Shirdi sai baba there is no direct train from New Delhi which ends there.There is karnataka expresses which is over crowded and then the ticket collectors makes good revenue.So also trimbakeshwar mandir in nasik  the neighbourhood, the roads the markets.Government guest houses be built for nominal rates and like centres be developed.

0 0 I wish we have a better methodology of determining "Bharat- Ratn"...
Can we do it like this ?
Lets have a poll or referendum for each category (Art,Science,Sports,Culture, etc.)both living legends and for posthumously, lets see as to whom Bharat believes to be a Bharat Ratn, and not mere appeasement of vote bank, personal agenda or self branding and positioning, like previous govts have done in a number of case...
I have great respect for the current able leadership of our PM Mr. Modi Ji.

1 0 There should be a map of all cultural sites on an android app based on underlying google map which can be used during the travel to visit the site. The app should provide details on what one can be expect to see at the site. For eg., museum should say what all does it cover and which time period etc as soon as u touch the site on the app. This app should be part of digital India initiative of Ministry of tourism and Ministry of culture. It should optionally have user rated accommodation places.

0 0 The old guards are unable to stop the harms done around,they cannot withstand peoples strength & harsh words.Our ministry now should take strong & strict action to retain,revive the old & historic monuments.So as to preserve it for the coming generations.I see the ministry now & also the previous governments showed less interest & importance to this matter.Now onwards the ministry should give more importance & strictly punish the people whoever violates the rules in this regard.

1 0 To release a handbook to have insight over the own religion and the other religions in India, to exhort Cultural Unity.

0 0 I think We Indians neglected,carelessed the old Monuments,Forts,Temples,Historic places,Pilgrim centres.. Please make thorough survey throughout the country at utmost ground level.Make people aware of these important places & why they are important? Some important places are carelessed such that, they became playing places for children,some are severely damaged due to Heavy rain,places are being uglied by vulgar writings.. The guards who are meant to protect became old.

0 0 Dharmo rakshite rakshitaha

0 0 Dear Prime Minster
Who are world leader and intellictual?
Ans.Those who inspire and honest thinking with there valuable thought
    for the welfare of the nation are called intellictuals and world  Leader.
Sir,
   I want to request to you to tell those words which I have written here in front of our
   whole nation..
                                               Yours Sincerely
                                         "A selflen man in this unpeacefull world"

0 0 “Promotion of literary, visual and performing arts”
I see the above is one of the important activities undertaken by the Ministry of Culture. The best way to promote arts is taking it to the children because adults will neither have the time nor the inclination for it. The last 40 years (almost 3 generations) had been lost to cinema. Trying to promote arts in large scale among adults is a waste of effort. Rather this should be taken to children in schools and colleges.Full text available in PDF

0 0 dear prime minister
and take that complaint ministry under your survilance this way you can directly connect with citizen and many officer and contracter will afraid and do his work properly

0 0 hii 
dear prime minister
sir i am a common man of india if really want to reduce corruption or end the corruption and you really want india will do growth day by day make a complaint ministry for all sector of ministry all type of compaliants any type like terrorist hawala any officer and make 10 line of whatsapp now in india i see all people have whatsapp in his mobile so people see any type of bad thing in govt or public sector they can inform to that ministry my whatsapp immediately

0 0 All Tourist sites & monuments of cultural importance,irrespective of religion should be taken over and handed over to reputed Agency on payment of annual Licence Fee for development and generate income . Concessional organised tours with incentive from Rly and Education Ministry to be conducted for the students. These sites with all tourist facilities to be included in the Incredible India Campaign. National & inter national tourists should feel proud to visit these sites again and again.

1 0 To establish the Bhakti Schools of Vedanta across our country and to learn from our great acharyas to live our lives to the fullest with all the great potentials and to take our country to the greater heights, thus, preserve and conserve our cultural heritage.

0 0 you have to invite me for this one specially coz i have lot of complains on it n suggestions too...
my city Jodhpur is heritage city but ignored by govt and their care taker...i can change everything in a month without salary , just i want the power to deliver it

0 0 There should be good parent competition at schools. This cultural  is more about awareness and should be launched like Make in India Program. More get together of parents/kids with society/other parents/kids. We have been a collective society and now becoming individualistic society. This should be corrected. Basic education should consist of basic discipline/moral books/cultural books/PT/Yoga etc. Character certificate should provide evidence rather then just issuing it.

0 0 All Citizen should be taught moral education and practiced at school n everywhere. we should take pride in our own things. Education system should be overhauled and reformed in such a way that it produces good citizens with matured personality having world wide thinking. We can not force anything on anyone, rather it will come from person's own heart once they are taught good values & culture. Ppl understand the value of their own culture/religion/society when they cross age of 35 or go abroad

1 0 We shud develop institutes to train young minds on how to be a good citizen/wife/husband/son/daughter.  Divorce rate is going up. We should provide mandatory training on how to live together with happiness. People with unmatured thoughts takes divorce decision. There should be more involvement of parents in kids school regularly by teachers/school. Parents shud fulfill their own responsibilities rather leaving kids on their  own and get involved on day to day basis at school and keep watch

0 0 Ministry may organize cultural festivals in middle and small towns also. Majority of the major functions currently are organized in Tier-1 or Tier-2 cities; the purview may be extended to smaller places also. In our country,culture varies across and even within a single state also, therefore organization of cross cultural events, may help a closer knitting of social fabric.

1 0 Meri Pradhan Mantri se Vinanti hai ki....
Hamare desh me aaj jo apne Matru Basha bolne Ki jo sharm vikasit ho rahi hai , jisse humari hindi basha or matru basha jo bhi rahe wo din ba din Vanish ho rahi hai. English ko jo ek Status symbol mila hai wo galat hai...English ek sundar basha hai par use Status or High class samajhana bilkul thik nahi hai. Baki ke european desh dekho , japan , china, jinhone apne matru bhasha ko hi status symbol bana diya. un logoko unki basha bolne me lazza nhi aati.

0 0 THESE TWO IMPORTANT THING SHOULD BE TEACH TO ALL THE STUDENTS (INCLUDING UPPER CLASS) BY THEIR RESPECTIVE ''TEACHERS''.

0 0 All the students should know why it is possible of happy livelihood of every religion live in india with peace and happiness.

0 0 there should be compulsory of moral lesson and values to be teach to all the students till the school period.

0 0 Open Sanskaar schools on lines of gurukul where thoughts and mind are given proper training along with regular curriculum. These  should run on lines of Rabindranath Tagore's Shantiniketan. Sanskaar schools should also have evening classes for those studying in regular schools and want cultural and scriptural knowledge like dancing, music, painting, discourses, Gita shlokas etc.  ISKCON, Chinmaya schools, shantiniketan can give guidance.

0 0 This concern with the child pron and the money to be spent. Sir, the suggestions for the selfie with daughter and incredible I India brought in an inexpensive mode. Why not use this mode to stop child phonograph.
The one involved is sick and he or she is geedy for ill gotten wealth. The one involved maybe a parent, a father, mothe, an in-law, could be brother, sister, a son, daughter in what ever profession a high position or student, why not ask the family to help reveal them.

0 0 culture को बचाना भी जरूरी है। स्कूल मे गुरु वंदन हो। प्रतिदिन स्कूल स्टार्ट होते समय विधारथी गुरु के पेर छूये। इससे गुरु का सम्मान बढ़ेगा। और बच्चो मे संस्कार भी आएगे

0 0 Ministry of culture should engage the local artist by enlisting through online for cultural events which should be done by rotation for equatable opportunity one and all in the panel. This will improve the standard of living of those class apart from the art or skill is not vanished or is well re-cognised by one and all.

0 0 Ministry of culture should engage all beggars on the street for maintaining the properties supervised by it by feeding them with nominal consideration deposited to their bank account. This will improve their standard as well as improve the image of our nation. This is done in Tamilnadu Prison by selling  the produce produced by prisoners through Freedom stores run by Prison authorities. Further it should engage all the transgenders for their work which will not lead to any social unrest.

2 0 Our heritage sites have become lost in this era of commercialisation.  We have long forgotten our culture and thus it is essential to rekindle the faith in it.
A trip to Nalanda University remains has opened my eyes to this issue.This was a  university established around 2500 years back and is still standing tall. The  university housed 2000 teachers and  facilitated education of 10000 students. Here education was not constricted into boundaries of subjects. Students could opt for medicine and art of debating at the same time and could study for as many years as they wished. The gatekeepers were learned enough to test the students and could cite shlokas with ease. I as a teacher was mesmerized by  these interesting facts and kept imagining how it would be in those times.
By advertising specifically  regarding these facts, the ministry of culture could generate awareness as well as interest amongst common masses. They could identify various heritage sites depending on the profession as well. For example as earlier mentioned,  Nalanda University remains could be a case study for not only teachers but civil engineers,  architects and students from varied fields. Such sites should be promoted worldwide  and within the country amongst all academic circles .
It is essential for ministry of culture to work in coherence with ministry of tourism for both to benefit

0 0 Please activate "Salary grant scheme" , "Performing arts grant scheme", Repertory grant" & "Production grant" schemes immediately. Don't leave survival & flourishing  of our cultural heritage to market forces as our cultural artistes are generally poor in marketing; without government grants & support they will become extinct one day.

0 0 Thanks for the opportunity to share my thoughts. As you know a sense of pride in our culture is essential to promote a feeling of attachment with the nation.The question of development is an offshoot of such a feeling. To inculcate such feeling we must preserve and showcase our historical monuments to the best of our ability.

0 0 Create more awareness. The Ministry of Culture is conspicuous by its absence in print and electronic media. Just making eye-catching advertisements on both such media would really help in furthering such objectives. It should promote the heritage of the country by vividly portraying it widely, everywhere.

0 0 I would like to suggest that to bridge the magnificence of cultures of our country.Govt. could initiate in developing cultural exchange corridors within and outside India. These corridors could be recognised on the bases of ethical knowledge of communities and could be promoted through digital cultural exchange exhibitions.

2 0 Respected Modi Sir, During my 3 years of teaching in Dantewada I have closely observed that, the maximum youth of Dantewada are highly interested in cultural activities rather than academic. Therefore, establishment of an Institute of Department like Performing Art (Sangeet avam Manch Kala) may provide international identity to the Bastariya Culture (Aadiwasi Nritya) and youths may get the jobs of their interest.
        it may include in NEP also....

0 0 https://mygov.in/group-issue/smart-city-tiruchirappalli/
Post your suggestions for a cultural smart city in the above link.
Thanks in advance for your valuable suggestions..

1 0 Dear Sir, I am an architect-urban designer from Surat. I am also an armed forces enthusiast and a sculptor--i am currently in the process of depicting the history of the armed forces in the Indian subcontinent through figurines(largely miniatures). It is possible to deliver the charm of the Indian armed forces to the common citizens through this medium(like countries abroad have done). Regards. Jai Hind!

0 0 The very First step must be to flow add materials via various media and generate awareness about Indian custom tradition and culture.

1 0 Sir, whenever we watch our old moving films of our freedom fighters/ events, earlier politician, Historic events, Wars etc., it is observed that most of those are in Black & white. We had seen old films of World wars which are now converted in colour from Black & White. Can it be possible for the Indian government convert our old B&W films in colour & store them in digital form as well as publish them? This will be a new experience to all of us to watch old archive films in colour.

0 0 सर आप आज कल की फिल्मो का हाल तो देखे ही होंगे।  फिल्मे समाज का दर्पण होती  हैं। मेरा सुझाव है की  सरकार को खुद  फिल्म प्रोडूस करनी चाहिए जिसमे बहुत उच्चा गुणवत्ता और भारतीय शास्त्रीयता लिए हुए संगीत होना चाहिए।  अच्छा अभिनय , पटकथा होनी चाहिए।  और  बहुत सारा मनोरंजन होना चाहिए  बिलकुल पुरानी सुपर हिट फिल्मो की तरह।  अगर अच्छी कमाई होती है तो सरकार को जाएगी और मंत्रालय के लिए मील  का पत्थर साबित होगी  नहीं तो संस्कृति का प्रमोशन होगा।  वैसे तो आपके पास बहुत से टैलेंटेड लोग होंगे और यदि आप मुझे मौ

0 0 World knows all types of culture live in India. I request to you may please be encouraged in school level and college level. These cultural increase at this level please give some classes to these students in day.  These students promote our culture through pamphlets, posters, Electronics media, cartoon.

0 0 I would urge the Ministry of Culture to make pamphlets or books on culture of each state and major places of tourism/importance. Then these books/journals can be made available at all hotels at those places so that if any tourist asks for it, he can get it at the hotel itself.

0 0 The Ministry should ask all hotels registered with it should include at least one local artist registered with ministry by rotation for giving opportunity to one and all.

0 0 Ministry of culture should enroll all cultural associations both registered as well as unregistered including individuals through opening e-seva centers in all states. This will enable to promote all equitably.

0 0 Modi ji;
sir mai Apse agrah karta hu ki kewal Bhasha Ke Adhar per kisi ki bhavna se khilwad karna thik nahi hai.Mujhe behad dukh ke sath aapko kahna pad raha hai ki AApko P.M Banane ke liye pure desh ne MAt diya aur aaj aapke shasan me kuch MArathi Neta Vot ki Rajaniti karke Hind me Hindi Bhashi Logoka Apman Kar Rahe Hai mai Aapka dhyan maharashtra sarkar ke AAj ke faisle ki or khichna chahtahu aap Hindi ka samman karte hu sabhi ko mumbai me kam karne ki anumati dilaye.

0 0 Culture run North South East West................ But please little place of Northeast region...... Since Independence there is no single page of culture for Northeast region............. During British rule they have place of culture their books. Why?

0 0 Use Hindi Films as a prime source of our culture promotion abroad. We should organize Hindi Films festivals at major cities across US/Europe with the help of Indian Embassy. We can also send our famous bollywood & non bollywood personalities as chief guest to such events.
Indian embassy should organize grand get-together during Diwali/Independence day across the globe and create positive atmosphere of India as a cultural hub in the World.

0 0 then he can select all the places he wishes to visit along with total days he can spend there. Once selected, the application will make an itinerary for him along with train/flight tickets. Only link Air India with this app, as we want to promote Govt backed airline. Similarly link selected hotels, which will have proper training under Incredible India hospitality. This should with ease of traveling to foreign tourist as well. 2/2

0 0 Sir, my suggestion is linked with tourism. We should develop an Application which should be launched on a grand scale acros our embassies abroad. This Application will be similar to make my trip, where a traveler will be given combo offers (stay + flight tickets + train tickets) in one go. for EG: if someone wants to visit north India, he can click on a tab which says North India, once there, it will take him to various places across north India, 1/1

0 0 राजभाषा हिंदी पर मेरे व्यक्तिगत विचार : कल हिंदी दिवस के अवसर पर PM से CM तक बड़े से लेकर छोटे तक सभी ने हिंदी भाषा का महिमा मंडन किया इन सभी से मेरी विनम्र विनती हैं की ये उदारवादी राजनीति की ओर आगे कदम बढ़ाये और हिंदी को राष्ट्रीय भाषा का दर्जा देने की ओर कदम बढ़ाये .१९६५ में हिंदी को राजभाषा का दर्जा मिला था पर राष्ट्रीय भाषा के नाम पर हमें न जाने कितनी ओछी राजनीति का दर्शन मिले क्योकि भारत ही ऐसा देश हैं जहा हिंदी भाषियों का जगह जगह पर तिरस्कार होता हैं उनके साथ भेदभाव होता हैं

0 0 I WISH TO OPEN A SCHOOL CUM HOSTEL IN EVERY TALUKA, WHICH WOULD INCLUDE SYLLABUS OR SUBJECTS-1)PATRIOTISM(INDIAN ARMY,NAVY,AIR-FORCE), 2)STUDY OF EPICS 3)STUDY OF PHYSICAL AND SPIRITUAL FITNESS 4)LANGUAGES-SANSKRIT,HINDI, ENGLISH,ANY REGIONAL LANGUAGE,5)VEDIC MATHEMATICS.

0 0 Art, if not the whole culture, is loosing it to the market forces. Handicrafts and communities based on performing arts are under threat of extinction. Policies like USTAD will not go a long way - because in the machinised age handicraft is bound to loose. Therefore, need of the hour is to
1. Give skills needed for other jobs, atleast to young artists, and encourage them to take up their art in leisure time.
2. Govt must support a few artists to keep the art alive in its purest form.

0 0 Promote libraries and museums so that people not only watch commercial movies in multiplexes but also visit and explore rich Indian cultural traditions and historical artefacts along with their friends, teachers, parents, children, siblings, students, etc. in libraries, art galleries and museums.

0 0 Tie-up with developed countries and adapt good practices from developed countries in India including all Indian museums and libraries.

1 0 The government buses can be painted with the images representing the culture of the particular region. This will get recorded on the people's mind every time they see the buses
Some discounts can be given to people when they buy movie tickets who has their traditional clothes on.
Subsidies can be given to people who does traditional jobs like pottery, handicrafts, weaving etc.

0 0 Continuation of previous post:...will be spent in mostly in their own localities for Raw-materials, Logistics, packing, paints, textiles, tools etc& other services for their craft practice&personal life, in addition they can give employment to non-skilled laborer of their area. Surely 90% spending will be there it self, so lot of economical activity will be generated in the areas. so automatically local govt bodies will get more income to maintain their towns to meet 'SwatchBharat'norms. Kindly

0 0 Sir, this is the continuation of my previous post.. but Odisha craft community need some updation to adapt their craft to current needs.
If we plan our public and private buildings with a 10% of art&craft elements(can be adopted to contemporary aesthetics and Architectural design), many of the educated members of traditional craft families will resume their craft, naturally the competition for employment will be lesser, International tourism will improve, all the money earned by craft comunity

0 0 Respected Sir, Pranaam,
Sir, kindly take care of equal distribution of funds to rural and urban. make it compulsory to design all our constructions with 10% minimum spending on Art&Craft, with this almost 30% people of India may be benefited, it enhances the rural and small town life, where most art&craft people are striving hard to earn their livelihood. ex: Odisha is totally dependent on craft business around 85% of their industry is of Craft. and also encourage rural theater activity.

0 0 A web site should be created for showcasing district wise major items exhibited in museum of archaeological department of India. For example in museum of District Mandla of M.P. shows a wooden trunk shape rock. This information can be shown in page of Mandla Museum of the proposed web site with the photo of the article.This will provide cultural information sharing along with tourism.

0 0 https://youtu.be/I211ilDmDYA
कृपया इसे देखें
मेरे द्वारा श्री मोदी जी के लिए बनाया हुआ एक आकर्षक गाना।।।

1 0 Our history books were written on English lines .so first we have to write our own history books

1 0 Build Indian culture university in 8 states- Karnataka, Kerala, Tamilnadu, Telangana, Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajsthan, Uttar pradesh

0 0 I think government can start its own tourist travel agency with affordable tourism packages,it will earn revenue and will create awareness among the people about our culture

0 0 In our culture many things were there to keep us growing. It is our culture that long lasts even when people die.
 British has banned one of the great martial arts kalaripayattu which keeps our people healthy and vibrant, which is the mother of all martial arts like karate,kungfu etc..
We  need to repromote this and every child who is above 10 years must learn this art effortlessly.. in addition to yoga,Bharathanatyam and music..
Let every child learn these arts to make our Bharat Vibrant

0 0 please conserve the hindu culture.provide timely payments to temple priest by providing a similar system like christian churches and missionaries in usa .make strict laws about illegal money transfer through christian missionaries and foreign NGO funds  .christian missionaries has set up churches in villages converting backward and poor people(poor people even in upper caste).in my village where there is poverty it has three churches.people will divide on community lines if this goes on

0 0 Our country social & civic amenities developed only when president,PM ,CM's,MPs/MLAs and central and State ministers and bureaucrats sons/daughters should studu in govt. schools and above all go to govt. hospitals. Otherwise these rich people never understand the problems of common men and they are making policies and those people are not fond of their policies .That's why they are all going to pvt scools, pvt hospails and foreign. Need professionalism to all ministers and bureaucrats...

0 0 Need reforms in reservation system such as based on only income, and basic infrastructure only not at all caste system. Real SC/ST/OBC poor are not vaialing. Only developed SC/ST/OBC are availing  repeatedly in schools ,colleges,jobs and promotions and completely neglecting real poor. I think social justice and empowerment is not functioning properly based on realities on the ground. Need many reforms in reservation system to save public money and same put on real poor of genral poor,sc/st/obc

0 0 To address the grievances of general public of indian states, need an electronic based RTI online system for State governments and central/state psu's are required to get the quick information. Presently central govt depts only having online RTI system for availing information. State governments are not responding quickly to public grievance complaints. Need reforms.In State governments, there is most corruption in implementing agencies like irrigation,pwd, ULB's, revenue departments (lands)etc.

1 0 As i have seen, peole of india do not like their culture much specially in north india because its the place which is drastically effected by western culture. So i think we need to work upon study of our enriched and healthy culture and history right from grass root level. Hindi should be a must language and history taught should be revised. The effect of western culture is visible from the fact that i , being the speaker of this comment is unable to type this comment in hindi.

1 0 Sir, we have had a long history of cultural alliances with various countries. Regular exchange festivals should be organised highlighting the culture of countries. Also art - history -culture - philosophy student exchange programs will help.

1 0 Sir, all colleges and universities that have history or archaeology courses should be encouraged to form heritage - culture clubs with regular input from other sources by co-opting organisations like INTACH, ASI.

1 0 Sir, universities that have archaeology departments should be allowed to have interested students from other faculties as interns during summer excavations which can be marked for points in their co-curricular activities.

1 0 Sir, the local universities along with heritage NGO's and corporate sponsors can hold regular essay writing, debates, monument drawing / stencilling contests for school and college students.

1 0 Sir, the various museums and heritage centers can co-ordinate with local enthusiasts, university history - archaeology professors and organise regular heritage walks within their city, for both locals, students and tourists. Details and registration format can be linked to the website of the heritage center.

0 0 "`विद्या का क्षेत्र सदा ही नीच-ऊँच, गरीब-अमीर, लिंग-जाति-वर्ग- सम्प्रदाय आदि भेद मूलक दूषित विधान से सर्वथा रहित और ऊपर सद्भाव, सद्विचार, सद्व्यवहार और सत्कार्यरूप विधानों से युक्त होना चाहिये ।"
"वेद, उपनिषद्, रामायण, गीता, पुराण, जैन-बौद्ध साहित्य, बाइबिल, र्कुआन, गुरुग्रन्थ साहेब आदि आदि का समन्वयवादी भाव और ज्ञान विद्यार्थियों में प्रविष्ट करना-कराना चाहिये जिसमें
विद्यार्थियों को किसी भी वर्ग-जाति-सम्प्रदाय से ऊपर उठाकर भेद रहित भाव भरना सबसे प्रमुख उद्देश्य रखना चाहिये ।"

0 0 ‘‘वेद, उपनिष्षद्, रामायण, गीता, पुराण बाइबिल, र्कुआन को विभिन्न भाष्षाओं के ‘अन्तर्गत एक ही धर्म की शिक्षा-दीक्षा है’’-- ऐसा ही भाव भरना सभी के लिये अनिवार्य होना चाहिए ।
वर्ग-जाति एवं सम्प्रदाय को कुछ तुच्छ स्वार्थियों एवं संकुचित विचार धाराओं वाले नासमझ व्यक्तियों से उत्पन्न एवं संचालित समाज विरोधी कार्यों को यह घृणित कार्य है प्रभावी रूप में ऐसी मान्यता देनी दिलानी चाहिये ।

0 0 tourist guides need to be credible!

0 0 In my opinion, it would be a nice initiative if the cultural department organize more and more cultural functions on traditional and ethnic subjects of different Indian communities in different parts of the country. The department should also call for competitions of audio visual documentaries and photography competitions on cultural subjects of the communities.

1 0 bhartiya calture ko bachane ke liye bahuat paryas ki zarurat hai.abhi sunne me aa raha hai ki geeta press gorakhpur band hone ki kagar par hai.ye hamari aisi darohar hai jiski tulna karna asambhav hai.duniya ki sabse badi press jo bina kisi munafe ke hamre dharm garndho, sahitya ko bachane ka anutha kam kar rahi hai.ise band hone se bachane ke liye my gov.ko aage aana chahiye.

0 0 more cultural programs should be organized by state govt. chanderi mahotsav can be again started at chanderi in m.p.

0 0 Hello narendra modi ji,
I want to say only that this year in 17 sep 2015 you celebrate your birthday with full joy and celebrate in indian culture style ..
Now a days people celebrate their birthday in western style and in this style people blow the candle but they  should not do in this way ...
In our indian culture we put the candles everywhere in the home.
But now i m watching that people have forgot indian culture.
So i think you are the best example to teach about our culture to people

0 0 also , if camera are installed, you can see clealiness , repair and every thing could be watched andhe  tracked.. i think Camera is the third eye for goverment. use it as much as you can.

0 0 I Suggest goverment to install CCTV camera as much as possible to administer it as much as possible. not only camera but if some announcement needs to made , add hidden speakers also so in case if you see some thing wrong happening , you can just use them.

1 0 Museums are a great opportunity to both preserve and showcase heritage. India should modernize its Museums to attract tourists. Museums should have facilities such as audio-visual guides. Also, the tickets should be affordable so that people can easily visit them. Discounted entry price for students will also attract them to see museums and know more about our history, culture and heritage. Importantly, museums should have a third party approach and should not be biased by one ideology.

1 0 In Singapore the government wanted people to have one national identity-Singaporeans. Not Chinese, Malay, Indian etc. Similarily we shd have a "Proud to be Indian campaign" so that national pride becomes instilled in our system and generations to come.

0 0 Our government should take a initiative to preserve and restore the historical sites and monuments without actually changing the natural character of it by implementing modern ways.doing archeological research based on history and using that to find hidden or lost monument.lets cherish our history and build a history in a unique way

0 0 All historical monuments

0 0 Respected Authority,
1. All the cultural sites to be popularised through media so that every citizen should be aware of cultural sites.
2. spitting at the cultural sites should be heavily charged so that nobody even try to ruin our national property.
    Thank You

0 0 Jay Sardar Jay patidar

1 0 ????? ???????? ????? ??? ????? ? ?? ???? ???? ?? ???? ?? ? ??? ?????? ???? ????? ?

0 0 OUR GOV SHOULD CREATE AN AWARENESS AMONG OUR CITIZEN TO MAKE A NATION OF GREAT CULTURE.OUR EDUCATED CITIZEN SHOULD WORK FOR THAT. INDIA AS A COUNTRY OF DIVERSITY MANY A TIME OUR CITIZEN DON'T KNOW THE ART FORMS AND CULTURE OF DIFFERENT STATES. SO WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO PROPAGATE OUR CULTURE TO VARIOUS PARTS OF OUR COUNTRY AND BEYOND. LONG LIVE INDIAAAAAAAAAA

0 0 we Indians always claim that we have the most finest culture of the world. If we think about it deeply we will really get upset because we don't have the right for the above claim since we are spoiling our art and culture . actually we are fools who is getting so much proud in our ancient culture and have nothing to be proud about the present. As a remedy we have to instill the values of our ancient culture in today's generation and take our nation to the highest point of prosperity.

0 0 Quality programming grounded in Indian civilizational heritage that is informative, educative, progressive and takes the society towards a knowledge based society. Weed out decadence.

0 0 हर साल हम एक राष्ट्रीय स्तर का समेल्लन आयोजित केर सकते है जिसमे विभ्भिन राज्यों  के प्रितिनिधियो को बुलाया जा सकता है । सांस्कृतिक समेल्लन जिसमे सब राज्य अपने अपने राज्य की संस्कृति से एक दूसरे को अवगत करा सकते है। और भिन्न भिन्न प्रकार की स्पर्धाएं जैसे कला , संगीत । विभ्भिन सांस्कृतिक कार्यकर्म ।अलग अलग राज्य की स्पेशल वस्तुओं की प्रदर्शनी जैसे तमिलनाडु का  कांजीवरम , बनारस का बनारसी सिल्क  इससे हर राज्य क लोगो को आपस में मेल जोल बढ़ने का भी मौका मिलेग जब दक्षिण उत्तर से मिलेगा और पूरब पश्च se

0 0 Culture cann't be taught but it has to be practiced. Children/Students of all ages are the right citizens govt should target for this. In Finland, it is mandatory for kids to learn music. Now almost every citizen knows the basics of there traditional music. Similarly govt. should revamp the syllabus for the primary education ensuring that kids are exposed to all the cultural activities practically. This helps to promote/preserve culture for next generation.

0 0 We should have you tube channel and mobile app that have Indian languages and cultural spectrum.
Also we should have free e books on our wide range of culture.
We can also have a great gallery of pictures and personal intellectual write ups on a website.refernece to culture will be prejudice free.

0 0 Government television channel should arrange more programme on  India's Cultural, even arrange debate/discussion/contest on the same so that young Indian can participate and get their knowledge increase.

0 0 Making Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya, Bhopal as 'INTERNATIONAL MANAV SANGRAHALAYA'
IGRMS which is situated in Bhopal only preserves the tribal culture inside India.
IGRMS should be declared as International Institution and become nodal agency to preserve physically  & install life size Tribal hamlets, documenting Traditional technology of Indigenous people all over the world. Prime Minister may appeal all over the world to contribute and make hub of oral traditions of world.

0 0 Modi Ji, try to arrange several competitions National wide on Indian Carnatic or Hindustani Music, traditional dances (Bharatanatyam, Kuchipudi) and keep good amount as a prize (To attract younger Generation). So that it will slowly improve demand for our culture, unknowling or knowingly our youth will learn our culture which will change their mindset in their life and behaviour (slowly) that will effect Indians growth in discipline and culture wide.

0 0 Innovate culture by enhancing its forms and diversifying the ways of promoting various art forms and forming a common associations for various art forms and encourage artists.

0 0 Culture starts at home. And a nation's culture is a society's culture which is a family's culture. Media is a great power of the modern India and greatly affects the behavior of every single person. I would like to suggest that govt. use media to inculcate in every person the greatness and importance of Indian culture. Today, movie media make films which are mostly completely useless and only entertainment sake. I would like if movies pertaining culture are produced. It affects a lot.

0 0 Charge fines whenever people are scribbling their names and feelings on the walls of monuments.

0 0 Dear sir gud mng..m happy to read this disscusion point on our culture..i think our farmers is also our so we must pay more attention towards them specially we could give them special pensions which would save them from unforseen situation nd will keep them risk free and engaged in agriculture...this will even save many lives..we start this project 50 years age onwards..thx fr the attention

0 0 Respected sir my small respect to increase agricultural education from schooling and encourage students to take agriculture related jobs and also provide awards to villages which develops more corps then all villages may try to get it .

1 0 Dear sir,
India is a country of diverse cultural backgrounds..But I feel, now a days people are diverting themselves more towards western culture. I agree its good but we should learn one more thing from them i.e. 'Do not leave your roots and culture'. They for the sake of others do not change themselves and we should also do the same. Following or appreciating other cultures is really good but not on the cost of our Indian culture. People must be made aware of it from different medias.

0 0 As we all celebrate independence day, republic day etc lets declare one day as cultural day as national festival through which in schools they can tell to students about culture because today's children is tomorrow citizen if India.

0 0 Initiate a channel in Hindi which will showcase India's various cultural activities happening all across India and give information about our rich and diverse Indian culture.The channel must be made available for the viewers 24x7. Advertisement of this channel must be made on all radio channels, TV channels, newspapers etc.

1 0 Dear Sir/ Mam , Indian Culture and Diversity should be advertised across the world by brand ambassador like Amitabh Bacchan like he did for Gujarat Tourism. This will promote indian culture and increase indian GDP by getting foreigners to India. Festivals of Diwali , Holi , Ganesh Utsav dwarf festivals like tomatino , only if they are properly advertised they will make india the no. 1 cultural and tourist destination of the world

1 0 Dear P.M.You wanted us to gift Suraksha bandhan to our sisters on raksha bandhan.I went to the Bank of Maharashtra,Raopura Br.Vadodara & asked to make certificates for my 3 sisters and gave them a withdrawal slip for Rs.201/- x 3 = 603/-. Today they returned me the slip as they don't have any details regarding this scheme.Don't you think that your homework is not satisfactory ? You said this covers insurance added with the 12/- scheme even though they have one already. Educate staff in time.

0 0 Movie theaters need to be encouraged to promote cultural programs by giving the place for conducting the events. This way ,we can promote the cultural events better

0 0 India is a land of Culture. Today, Inspite of writing about measures/steps, I would like to discuss about a place where culture, religion can be seen at every steps. The place is Vrindavan. A place where   existance of Lord Krishna can be felt every time. A place which used to be place of peace, relief and Krishna place, is getting into great changes. Business has spread great on the name of Kanha. With in last few years, Urbanization has been making the magic lose somewhere, the place with most freash air has lollution now. The place where small houses, raw roads were something so sacred, hasnow taken over by Roads,polluted air, big houses construction. Plz stop Urbanization . Need a great road map there. I would like Prime Minister Sir , Narendra Modi to have a look. plzzz save the place of Lord Krishna....

0 0 "Educating from school level"
India is known for its tradition and its cultural heritage. As Indians are known for its culture by the foreigners, first of all we Indians should know about our culture. we know everything starts with the beginning. So this programme should start from school level. There should be a separate subject which gives the knowledge about our tradition and culture. This Subject 'Tradition and Culture' should consists of the cultural heritage of every people of India.

0 0 The participation can be increased by using media like Radio, TV, Newspapers, Smart phones, Internet (Social Networking sites, Online Video sites),  etc.
This will encourage a cultural fellow feelings amongst the student and that will generate a sense of brotherhood in them. They will know each tradition in parts and will not remain alien to our Tribal or Aadivasi culture too.

0 0 There should be Cultural Festivals organized in each School & College across the country, specially promoted by Cultural Ministry that must undertake various traditional forms, be it Sculpting, Painting, Dancing, Architecture, Music, Folk Songs and Poems, Musical Instrument, Literature, Singing, Theater, Photography and Cinema; from different places of India and incorporate it in their programs, the students must be made aware of all these Arts and ask them to actively take part in it

0 0 Basically, culture is our traditional knowledge that we celebrate in the form of festival. Some of festivals of Tribals and Aadivasis is completely ignored by the mainstream people.
We need to promote our culture in the form of Morals, Values and Ideals. We have vast variety of traditional cultural knowledge at different  parts of India. The Ministry should identify such underrepresented Tribal and Aadivasis tradition and bring it infront of the mainstream people.

0 0 bhartiye sanshkriti, sarvopari.....

0 0 Sir, with regard to promoting individual initiatives, registration of such societies / organisations should be encouraged, especially for seeking funds. The government should reconstitute a body with regional experts in each field to assess & categorise talent which can then be nurtured by grants at various levels. Age wise competitions can be held at school & college level. Mentoring / internship with popular artists should be encouraged & assisted through these competitions.

0 0 Sir, most temples & almost all heritage sites have stalls selling trivia & a small museum / book stall. These should be regulated, digitised & made visitor friendly. These sites should be digitally accessible, for bookings & arranging tour guides. Also virtual tours of some famous and popular sites can be undertaken. Not only the sites but also the perimeter should be well maintained & free of hangers on / those who seek alms. Security should be upgraded and corporate sponsorship sought for this

1 0 Sir, most of our temples acted and continue to facilitate the promotion of arts. Several temples organise dance / music programs during specific festivals. This will not only increase footfalls to the heritage site but also promote the various Indian art forms. There can also be a possibility for out station performers to be slotted in these art festivals which will bring to focus the myriad art forms. Corporate sponsors can be roped in to pay the artists / accompanists.

0 0 Sir, most centers do not ticket visitors, or only very nominally. Though pay & view may discourage some, a reasonable fee is needed to improve facilities & engage knowledgeable guides who will make the experience worthwhile and bring our diverse & numerous heritage monuments to world class.

0 0 Sir, citizens and visitors should be made explicitly aware of the damage caused to heritage structures by littering & soiling, scrawling on walls & murals etc. Well displayed notice boards & sufficient trained staff need be employed. CCTV surveillance will be an added advantage.

0 0 Jharkhand has got a lot of treasure. But due to lack of maintainence it is not known to the outer world. The people of jharkhand itself don't know much abt the place. If some programs , completion can be organized involving the schools , colleges  there. People can come to know abt it. Jharkhand can contribute a lot towards tourist attraction but no one has put much efforts towards this. The name itself means a place of trees and plants. But the rate at which trees are being cut is shocking.

0 0 Most of the archeological sites are in damaged condition.only notice boards of ASI is there. The forts, ancient temples,mosques,caves,tanks,granaries,inscriptions, rock art, cave art,colonial structures,pillars,palaces,halls,sculptures everything could be restored,retrofitted, renovated, protected using the same materials. All these structures can be designed to be protected from natural forces and miscreants.history for future should not stop in the text books. Living examples need to believe.

3 0 yes I think here we can have a national level competition for arts , dancing, classical singing to heritage our culture. Just like we want to involve yoga in sport. And We can use DD channel for broadcasting.
If it is in different languages then so be with it.put some translation on screen. or even not competition then at least start with event where anywhere from India can participate

0 0 The format is good but the content is poor due to "crony culturalism". Talent must be promoted, competition encouraged and the genuine Soft Power of Indian culture must be showcased.The subject of culture is all encompassing. Research needs to be encouraged. Opportunities for all are a must. Culture must also be income earning vocation, otherwise talent dries up.

0 0 In my opinion the religious places are the centers for education, hospitality, and cultural hubs.  The fine example is Tirumala tirupathi Devastanam. it promotes vedic culture, SV university ,Padmavathi university, Super specialty hospital, Publishing house and Ayurvedic college, Hostel for Destitute and Disabled students. like wise Government with cooperation of religious leaders should promote our culture centered around Temples, Churches and Mas-ids , misuse should be curbed

0 0 on the issue of ram mandir and babri masjid , i suggest that neither of them should be constructed at the disputed site, instead a orphanage or hospital should be constructed which will satisfy the interest of a true hindu ,a true muslim and the god also.along with this , a masjid and ram temple may be constructed elsewhere keeping the interest of both sections.

0 0 हमारी संस्कृति आज के विज्ञापन तथा चलचित्रों ने बर्बाद कर दी हैं . मेरा सरकार से आग्रह हे की अश्लील विज्ञापन तथा चलचित्र को बंद किया जाए और भारतीयता को बढ़ावा दिया जाए.
सेंसर बोर्ड को सख्ती से पेश आ कर सभी अश्लील द्रश्य हटाने चाहिए और विज्ञापनों को साफ़ सुतरा करना चाहिए.

1 0 The forts in HP,southern INDIA are in a very bad conditions.The roads towards the forts are totally blocked and there is no way to go.Ministry can try to rejuvenate the forts and the can start a good transport facility to the forts.

1 0 1.There are many forts & tombs in our country that are degrading due to the lack of maintenance,these forts &its surroundings can be rejuvenated,so as to attract the tourists.
2.All the ancient monuments should display its history & tradition with the help of LED screens in hindi & english.
#MinistryofCulture

0 0 Our Primae focus should be towards maintenance of monuments, lighting and the visitor facilities,security initially . then we should eb thinking on earning money from it. First try to bring them to international standards.

0 0 Why our historical monuments are getting converted in religious places. i recently visited Taj mahal , Agra, and shocked to see soem one praying Namaz with in that. which gives an impression like is that converted into Mosque? and if we talk about cleanliness and other maintenance things, you will be surprized to see the internal bad walls of taj mahal. Now TAJ is in real danger. want givermant to check and inspect it very closely.

1 0 In my opinion, all the monuments should have a souvenir shop which should offer variety of products. Like, lapel pins, sippers, small soft toys, magnets, badges, etc. This will help in promoting tourism in a way that people will buy souvenirs and take them as a memory. Also, we should have clean and hygienic eating joints at our famous monuments. #MinistryofCulture #MyGov #ConservationofHeritage

0 0 "its regarding museums of India"
one problem is that indian museums are having very few number of artifacts in each of them which are scattered around the country, so why do people go t them again and again. my suggestion is to create replica of various historic artifacts using 3 D printing technology and placing them in museums  so that people all over india could see them locally .this has been done in china also but not on huge scale

1 1 आकाशवाणी महानिदेशालय अब अपनी ग़लतिओ और विसंगतिओं को छुपाने के लिए तानाशाही रुख अपना चुकी है, परफॉर्मेंस रिविउ और अंडरटेकिंग द्वारा आकाशवाणी में 15 से 25 वर्षों से भी अधिक समय से काम करने वाले कैज़ुअल उद्घोषकों को बाहर निकालने का काम शुरू कर चुकी है, समाचार चैनल और अखबार के माध्यम से ये ख़बरें लगातार देखने सुनने और पढ़ने को मिल रही हैं, माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, आकाशवाणी महानिदेशालय के इस तानाशाही और असंवैधानिक काम को अब आप ही रोक सकतें हैं, हमारी आखिरी आशा आप ही हैं,(आकाशवाणी के सभी कैज़ुअल उद्घोषक)

0 0 It is my suggestion that in forts or palaces , programme of folk songs of that area should be held everyday so that visitors could feel entire environment historic and could imagine how the place might have been during king's reign.

0 0 Preserving of culture and heritage requires that first you must know the value of your culture.This requires awareness should be spread among people about our culture and heritage by means people now a days most are attracted to and where their mind is enthusiastic to learn new things . Implementation of cultural programs in gov. schools curriculum because school is the place where most of the people develop their interests.

0 0 Preserving the heritage and culture is not merely coming with ideas or programs to preserve it rather it is about the proper implementation of the ideas and programs. Constitute a committee to review all the programs that are being implemented and this will show the loop holes in the practical implementation of the programs. Based on these reviews the decisions can be taken to improve the implementation rather than coming up with new ideas which can be either waste of time or resources.

0 0 The culture of any nation is the treasure for its growth as we all know the Greek culture Roman culture Chinese culture Mesopotamian culture Egyptian culture all have in or the other attracted a whole lot foreign tourist. The INDIAN culture is no shorter in terms the degree of its value all it requires is proper conservation awareness and equal importance which we Indians have with passing time have started forgetting.Things will change and our culture if all come ahead with deterrence step

0 0 Whatever it be, I think if you want to bring a change it can be brought in a person when introduced to him at the start of his journey in the beautiful world.
And I see Schools as the best platform to bring in these changes.
Introduce activities and not courses in school teaching India's/Regional culture.
This would build the foundation in each of our next generation and keep the good things and share it to the next generation.
It would promote scholars of our culture with their living.

0 0 Spreading Bharatiya philosophy of Life. Each and every jargon or words which are important, such as how "Rasta" differs from "Country", how "History" differs from "Itihas", how "Sanskriti" in not only "culture" and ultimatum how Bharat differs from rest of The world. Is the most inportant work of Ministry of Culture. The next step would be creating Grand narrative for Bharat, well explained and specific, inclusive and conclusive both.

0 0 Time to rethink culture as whole by making it as Lucrative & respective as engineering medical or commerce streams among carrier seekers which will open a new gateway for job creation & economy, culture must not be restricted activity of dept. of culture or 26 Jan parade . Million dollar question is how can v achieve it?its really impossible2 explain it in limited words but I am sure our bright students can surely give ideas 2 how to make Indian culture most lucrative. Must open for suggestions.

0 0 todays biggest problem, our youth falling for western culture.
Reason behind is since independence we followed western laws and still following many of them without major ammendment, which even are not compatible for our society.
firstly gov. of India should stop adapting western laws and this will give a great impact on our society as they will become aware that we have stoped following and we are becoming what we are and capable of.
Please.

0 0 Sir,
In our country thousands of temples are looted and valuables like rare idols,,bronzes and antique jewellery are stolen. In most cases the people in charge of such temples are wholly unaware of the antiquities in their possession. Therefore it is suggested :
1) The Central Govt. should take the initiative to document or digitize the data in respect of each District in the country, through the Collecor/Deputy Commissioner.
2) The concerned State Govt.  may be encouraged to protect these

2 0 our national channel, doordarhan shud start its own cartoon channel where cartoon programmes based on our great literary works , mythological stories, biographies of our national heroes, teachings of our great saints, panchtantra stories regional stories of our culture and art shud be made and telecast.this will bring our children closer to our culture and art and inspire amd make them aware of our rich cultural heritage.

0 0 Apart from promotion of culture, there should be some special measure to revive and conserve the old traditional cultural practices which are becoming more relevant in the current world scenario (like IITs and IIMs can we have some institute for art and culture).

0 0 ministry of culture should construct a delhi public library in east I,P extension with funds and plot from DDA so that reading habits are encouraged among school chilldren instead of addiction to Tv Programme.Delhi public library in sarojingar is where students clog to the library on satudays and sundays appearing for competitive examinations

0 0 India having culture power arround the world, therefore i request to the super authority of INDIA make decision to devlop culture and make my india.... HINDUSTAN.

0 0 Historic places in India (like Taj Mahal in Agra, Red Fort In Delhi, Gateway of India in Mumbai and many more) should have a cultural centre where different aspects of each culture and religion is potrayed  through dances, plays, acts etc. They should give tourists as well as others brief idea about the states in India. This will promote tourism throughout India along with the culture. We can tieup with Indian comm.abroad and organise "Cultural Fest" where India & its culture is portrayed

0 0 There should be national and international level film festivals in India to encourage good film making

2 0 It would be better if there is no fees for Cultural activities in School,because Parents need to spend for Books,Uniform,Fees etc.,the People from rich and some middle class families can afford,most of the Children who are having interest in cultural activiteis don't want their parents to spend more for them.So,some students are leaving their interests.Through this policy,who are passionate will definitely learn and our Culture grows.To those Teachers Government can give salary.

2 0 promote a lot of competitions on all the arts and culture activities at the school/college level and provide incentives for those who excel in it

1 0 I want to congratulate and express my heartiest thanks and gratitude to our beloved PM Shri Modi over release of Digital Version of timeless epic Ramcharitmanas. I hope our beloved PM would take further steps to promote Indian Vedic culture, heritage and tradition. Profoundest regards to the Government especially, to our beloved Prime Minister.

2 0 The Govt. should adopt multi-pronged strategy to promote Indian art forms such as Kathak, Bharat Natyam etc., Nautanki, Tamasha etc., Bhajan, Thumari etc., painting, sculpting etc. The practitioners of these art forms should be encouraged through cash, position and award.

1 0 In those days people wear traditional dress of their culture & in temples every day traditional dance like bharathanatyam,folkdance,etc are organized.It reminds children about culture & behavior. Kings supported them.Now in schools kids wearing western dress which does not cover body completely,practicing western dances,hence they got spoiled.Change western uniform to state cultural dress & make them comfortable using latest textile tech.Allow culturals in temple & school with strict supervision

1 0 Make Collection of All Articles/Webpages on Internet of Indian Culture and Promote them on Indiaculture Side in Different Catagorey Like Music Art Craft Sports Culunery Science Medicine etc

2 0 Media should be strictly abide by rules and measures to show the actual news instead of making a circus there should be news about actuality happening not based on someones personal prejudices.if a lie told 10 times it becomes truth at least for uneducated who constitute higher than literates in India.Its really a big matter for concern if paid heed to.

3 0 name INDIA given by Britishers to us should be permanently altered to BHARAT-THE GREAT

1 0 Heroines and heroes are more famous and liked by Indians than those social activists and social workers or great leaders.The point of view and thinking level of Indians these days reflect western culture.people should feel proud on BHARAT MATA and say proudly I M AN INDIAN rather than i m Hindu or Christian or Muslim,etc... ther should be only one religion-INDIAN
hum sab bhartiya hai ,dharti hamari hai, amber hamara ,nav jeeven hamara hai .
JAI HIND ,JAI BHARAT

3 0 It must be admitted, however, that some films have exerted an evil influence on many people.
Films which show the activities of criminals have encouraged many youths to commit acts of crime.
Other films,too,such as those dealing with sex and other natural weaknesses of man, have corrupted the morals of many people. As a result,the governments of many countries have been compelled to interfere in the display and production of certain films. Yet,the cinema continues to retain its popularity.

2 0 The cine field is also called as "Seller of Dreams".Today's Indian cinema is filled with lust rather than stories, all the stories are concentrated on love as a single line in the theme. The Heroins are used only for coloring the film with their glamour. If we ask them they say that the public likes this only.It is a stronger media it must be used for conveying many good messages and technologies to the public.Take part in creating public awareness- world environments or women empowerment.

3 0 विलुप्त होते जा रहे या फिर फिल्मी चकाचौध मे उपेक्षित हो चुके भजन गायकी ,निर्गुण गायकी , सूफी कलाम , बिरहा गायकी ,आल्हा गायकी इत्यादि को फिर से जीवित करने हेतु ब्लाक स्तर पर कार्यक्रम चलाये जाए । इन लोक गायकी के स्थानों जैसे पुराने मंदिरों , टीलों , गुरु अखाड़ों को फिर से चालू कराया जाय ।

3 0 केवल लोक गायकी ,लोक नृत्य ,देशज नौटंकी , कठपुतली नृत्य इत्यादि को ही सरकारी महोत्सवों मे शामिल कराया जाय । कला विहीन फिल्मी सितारों को तो कतई नहीं ।

2 0 भारत वर्ष के हम सभी आकाशवाणी में काम करने वाले कैज़ुअल उद्घोषक आपसे विनम्र निवेदन करतें हैं कि आकाशवाणी महानिदेशालय अब तानाशाही रुख अपना कर माननीय सर्वोच्च न्यायालय के साथ साथ संसद का भी अपमान कर रही है, अतः हम सभी कैज़ुअल उद्घोषक जो पंद्रह से बीस से भी अधिक वर्षों से काम काम कर रहे हैं, उन्हें आकाशवाणी में नियमित किया जाए, ऐसा करना माननीय सर्वोच्च न्यायालय के आदेश और संसद की संसदीय कमिटी की रिपोर्ट का सम्मान करना होगा, ( भारत के सभी आकाशवाणी केन्द्रों में काम करने वाले कैज़ुअल उद्घोषक)

2 0 आकाशवाणी के कैज़ुअल उद्घोषक जो पिछले बीस वर्षों से भी अधिक समय से लगातार आकाशवाणी में काम कर रहें हैं उनको अंडरटेकिंग और एफिडेविट पर साइन करवा कर बाहर निकाला जा रहा है,जो उद्घोषक अंडरटेकिंग और एफिडेविट पर साइन नहीं कर रहे हैं उनकी तत्काल प्रभाव से बुकिंग बंद कर दी गई है, प्रधान मंत्री जी ये सरासर संसदीय कमिटी के आदेश और माननीय सर्वोच्च न्यायालय के उस आदेश का अपमान है जो हम कैज़ुअल के पक्ष में आया है,

2 0 आकाशवाणी गोरखपुर के कैज़ुअल एनाउंसर को आकाशवाणी के अंदर घुसने से रोका गया,.... आवाज़ और खुशबू को कब तक ! और कहाँ तक रोका जा सकता है ! क्या ये सच बोलने की सज़ा है ?

2 0 #MinistryofCulture In most of the TN village temple festivals the karakattam dance takes place which turned out to be something not related with decent dance types.These kind of programs kills the culture.So there should be an separate committee to overview and permit the programs during temple festival times.And local temple authorities should be advised briefly before starting the programs.Efficient monitoring and controlling ways should be there in small temple festivals which attracts crowd.

1 0 #MinistryofCulture To promote culture the hobbies such as Philately should be encouraged.Government sites such as https://www.epostoffice.gov.in/buy_stamps.aspx which sells the philately stamps could be promoted.

2 0 india is very rich as far as its cultural legacy is concerned.but the  we often tend to underestimate its true worth.the government too seems to have little thrust on this matter..govt should strain every sinew in this regard.it must try to revive the various age-old art,dance forms of india.for eg - in bihar,it should try to develop Punaura (birth place of godess Sita)situated in Sitamadhi into a tourist spot.

1 0 India is being looked across the world as Buddha's Land. I think more needs to be done to develop/ excavate/ preserve the Buddhist monuments and promote it. This may also attract more number of tourist to India.

2 0 The ministry should make a list of events,plan the budget.Make a brief about the target audience and then invite suggestions from the private sector event companies.
A professional company will do a better job of executing the event. Make it a business model.

0 1 hello..!
NAMO..!
Dear PM Sir
please look at art filed. school, colleg, & all
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!
please..!

0 1 NAMO> India known for its versatile culture where now is known for making very good revenue from the Liquor, especially south of india where we have so many temples and holy places we also have cheap and foreign liquor revenues; The Andhra and telangana regions make the highest income via the liquor revenue in the name of god the liberty to have toddy, liquor and now recently announced Foreign liquor to be sold in telangana and the outskirts of city having no restrictions on bar and restaurants.

0 0 Festival of India needs to be revived in different countries in smaller and focussed way

1 0 India is country of Temples, Churches, Mosques and Gurudwaras. A Complete country.It is need of Hour, that Each state promote there Temples, Mosques and church. It can be free, if all Important railway stations /Bus stations,Inter State Buses are advertised with. Also each city conducts cultural programms, where local artist be invited. The fee be kept, Tax free 5/10 rupee.And money be paid to artist.Artist will get food and visitors hear cultural music.A Big step to Revive our culture and artis

0 1 Dear PM Sir,
I have heard few days back a news on Zee TV about the hidden wealth of our temples and expenditure pattern of these temples from the donations and contributions received from the devotees.  A policy should be made to utilize this huge money for the development of facilities at all such places and all the expenditure should be under strict Government Control instead of Mandir Trust and pandits. It will regenerate the belief about the sanctity of these places and in our culture.

1 0 dear modi sir,
 Kindly stop the astrological live shows in TV channels in india.Astrologers misguiding the peoples.All are fearing their future and peoples losing their own stability and open veda learning schools across in India like already established madrasas in india.

1 0 To promote our culture we must say why we follow this culture in scientific way.Before that we must collect all info about our culture and it must be represented in the dramatically or in the way of short film. and we must promote it.

1 0 Dear PM,
To promote culture, we can do state culture/heritage preservation competition every year. whosoever win the competition will get extra budget for their state. Promote Heritage, tourism in India.

0 0 Nothing is more important to preserve or promote our culture than promoting tourism. The rural India is where we need to concentrate and particularly the sections of areas where schedule castes and tribes are concentrated which will not only help promote our culture but at the same time addresses concerns of employment and education of the most backward classes en mass. There are around 500 districts that are spread around India, In all directions where special tourism needs to be planned NOW.

1 0 Libraries should be the most important pillar for Ministry of Culture. I want to know more about India's history but rarely do I find it in govt websites. Wikipedia gives more information about our history. Indepth research should be carried out to dig up information about our history and serious excavations should be undertaken. Our vedas can be translated into English and put on the website, just like the digital version of Ramcharitmanas

0 0 Respected PM Saheb, Namaskar ! I hereby request you that kindly do Outdoor publicity  of ' our Sabhyata and Sanskriti' and on BAN  All those  TV  channel  or Newspaper who spread 'obscenity'. Only this way WE CAN SAVE OUR CULTURE.Because what we See  through our eyes-Directly Hits our Conscious and Subconscious Mind .  with regards, Divyesh kothari M-9818344420

0 0 BBC has uploaded their archives on youtube on their channel "British Pathe". Would be great if Doordarshan and Akashvani do something similar.

1 0 As Other foreign countries realising the importance and benefits of Sanskrit language, why not we can introduce the sanskrit in all schools as a language. Research shows it is helping human brain development as well. Please do something for bringing sanskrit language in all part of India/ or schools. I hope lots of benefits will happen.

1 0 प्रिय प्रधान मंत्री जी,
मैं आप से एक बात कहना चाहता हूँ. मैं कईं दिनों से इस विषय पर आप को लिखना चाहता था. प्रधान मंत्री जी, दिल्ली दूरदर्शन व डी डी न्यूज़ चेनेल बहूत ही अच्छे माध्यम है ज्ञान, समाचार, सभ्यता, संस्कृति का प्रसार करने के लिए, और ये चेनेल पुरे देश में बिना किसी शुल्क के हम देख सकते हैं, परन्तु प्राइवेट डिजिटल सेट टॉप बॉक्स कंपनीज बैलेंस शुन्य होने पर इन चेनेल का प्रसारण भी बंद कर देती हैं . मेरा आप से निवेदन है की कृपया आप इस समस्या पर ध्यान दें .
धन्यवाद
रवि जमवाल

1 0 In order to my submission pertaining to waste of natural resources during Shravan Mass, i am submitting herewith my appeal to you for mentioning the same in your next MAN KI BAAT

0 0 आज विभिन्न उपभोक्ता वस्तुओं के विज्ञापन  में मॉडल्स सेना / पुलिस की वर्दी पहने हुये और / या  किसी कथित उपभोक्ता वस्तु का प्रचार करते हुये दिखलाये जाते हैं॰ इस पर रोक लगनी चाहिये ॰

1 0 हमारे देश की सबसे बड़ी पहचान, हमारी संस्कृति है॰ इसलिये हमारे देश की एक सशक्त सांस्कृतिक नीति होनी ही चाहिये॰  हमारी संस्कृति : हमारी पहचान॰

0 0 im from rajasthan and our local cultural dance show known as ' Gavri' is very famous in rajasthan so i would request to the ministry of culture to give it an identity at national level. we as a state will be greatful to have this. so take some steps to give it national recognition and it will be proved as huge crowd pooler. it represent our ancient india's life style and glory. its a beutiful dance style which is celebrated in rajasthan in july and august month to pray to lord indra for rain.

1 1 Artisans are the third largest community in India,but underprivileged and exploited and are the part of our culture,whose art works showcased and promoted our country world wide.They have been ignored and fighting for a daily living with out any hope.I have started an initiative called UTHHAN-EMPOWERING artisans along with our online shopping platform Gegstore.com for helping them.please find the links www.gergstore.com
http://www.gergstore.com/content/10-Uthhan-store
LEEMON ravi

0 0 Following two
1) following current trend of "Mob dance model". Take a artform like Kuchipudi or Kathak or singing or folk music and go to where people are available. Example in a mall / exhibitions or at e-city in Bangalore , Hi-tech city on the public place etc
2) previously some local artists used to perform at the road side in a colony junction and now a days that is disappeared. If we have to see any art , we have to pay ticket and travel to a distance. (re) Introduction helps ...

0 2 My dear prime minister sir,
The shravan month dedicated to lord Shiva is over and once again more than 98 crores Hindus have offered lot of doodh, dahi,ghee, shahad and suger to lord Shiva during RUDRABHISHEK. If we consider that 50% of Hindu population has done RUDRABHISHEK pooja during shravan month just imagine what a huge quantity of such valuable natural products gone waste. If we assume that 50% of hindu population might have offered RUDRABHISHEK puja, how much losses gone to the nation.

0 0 WE NEED TO ELABORATELY AND ACCURATELY DOCUMENT OUR COUNTRY'S DIVERSIFIED CULTURES STATE WISE, DISTRICT WISE AND DISSEMINATE THE SAME TO ALL PARTS OF OUR COUNTRY SO THAT EVERYONE KNOWS EVERYTHING OF OUR COUNTRY. THIS WILL ALSO HELP DEVELOP TOURISM BOTH AT THE NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL LEVELS.

0 0 The cultural heritage buildings should be maintained properly and regularly, and should be opened to public for viewing, for a small fees, which will generate revenue. there are not enough places in or around cities that people can visit, Also, advertise the places e.g  online Google search like"places to visit in city A" should show up cultural places. people want to visit places but don't know cultural places. in developed county's cities these places are maintained well for people to view.

0 0 Government should make an audit through "Mystery visitor". Mystery visitor can be paid or voluntary. The job of mystery visitor should be to check bare minimum check list items where tourists visit e.g. Keeping change for tickets at the counter, proper instructions, cleanliness, minimal welcome gestures, willingness to help to Senior Citizens and Foreigners.

0 0 Taj Mahal Museum: Last week I was in Barcelona. The most beautiful church, the Sagrada Familia, is under construction for past 130 years, to be completed by 2026. Adjoint to the church is a museum showcasing the architecture & construction techniques used by its architect Antoni Gaudi. To get the Taj Mahal on a global standard a museum & an audioguide facility should be provided to highlight its architecture, construction, water systems,etc that will invoke greater interest among the visitors.

0 0 des ke sabhi hosdpital ke sabhi staff ko every year mavta ,sadi,nisvart seva,mavta,desprem ,ache sanskar ki talim deni chahiye sujav

0 0 sabhi state me dusre state se anevle jo bimar hote ho ya aaksmat ke vakt bhot hi kam dam me best tretment jaldi milni chahiye sujav

0 0 sujav  sabhi train sabhi public vahan me sabhin staff ko every year 10 days manvta yog aryuved,kudrati upchar and alopeti ki training deni chahiye

0 0 sabhi bima agent ka tds keval rs.20 thousand ke upar commission jata he to katam he vo sima badhakar rs.1,00000.00 karni chaiye sujav

0 0 sabhi bima agent ko sabhi bima compny vo sabhi labh de jo company ke employs ko dete he sujav he

1 0 Respected PM, also loved by all.....
Ministry of culture is not preserving the most pious land of Ayodhya.
I am not talking about Ram Janm Bhoomi, I am talking about other Hindu and Muslim architecture in Ayodhya continuously turning into dust. Come and see Ayodhya, but without any prior notice. Then see the grim ayodhya. So less no of foreigners come to see it. Please do something. We are waiting for your tangible step.

0 0 The word Culture had the following meanings also :
development or improvement of the mind by education or training.
A lot of improvement is required in various areas of our people. For example, good behavior , respecting everyone, using the public toilets, social behavior, respecting and abiding the law, rules, regulations, etc etc. There are many things the Ministry of culture can do. Without law abiding citizens country cannot sustain the growth.

0 0 Regarding reservation issue my view is person who have got government job through reservation. His son should not be able to get reservation. This will help those who did not get resrvation. It may help to leave cast wise politics, to make economical, social balance. Due to this reason, I will be in position to think for development of our country.

0 0 Sir, compilation of all literary works must be given top  priority. The concept of DIGITAL LIBRARY may be promoted. The union govvt. must provide for funds in this regard. Experts in this field should be deployed.

1 0 Respected Sir
I am writing on behalf of my son. He is 12 years old & studying in standard 7th at Nagpur. He inspires from Digital India movement of the country & strongly believes that it is very much essential for the growth of the youth and country. Every year he participated in Rakhi making competition at his school. This year he made a Rakhi on Digital India and includes all nine pillars in it and wants to dedicate his Rakhi to those who are working for the country.Please accept & Thanks

0 0 Dear Sir(PM)
Sir aap iti par bahut jor dete hai ,computer siksha par v jor dete. yuwa ko prerit karte hai ki wo it padge ye achhi baat  mai aap se puchana chata hu ki aap un yuwa ke liye kya soch rahe hai jo Btech ya Mtech kar ke sark par hai unke baare me aap kya soch rahe hai

0 0 regular passenger aeroplanes should be for cloud seeding. So extra cost of spraying can be reduced.

2 0 We should make a "SANSKRITI BHAWAN (cultural center) at all Airport and near Railway station so that when people have time they can read or ask about cultural places their importance in India.

0 0 4 Point Support System to save heritage organizations (refer to attached PDF): 
1. Create a system to identify heritage organizations
2. Provide these heritage organizations supported access to public functions, exhibitions etc
3. Recommend products from these organizations to possible consumer organizations
4. Create a system like PM Relief Fund but with additional option to select a specific purpose of the donations which can be directly passed on to such organizations

3 0 Please save the Gita Press (http://www.gitapress.org/)
#‎SaveGitaPress‬

1 0 Organise a cultural drawing compitition on the walls of our spiritual cities like ayodhya varanasi. City 's ugly walls would be painted beautifully by giving good look to the City. Then preserve that walls by various means

4 0 Our GEETA PRESS, GORAKHPUR is serving nation from last 90 years by publishing Indian culture/ heritage. Publishing   RAMCHARITMANAS/ GITA ji at 40-45% less cost to keep alive faith is task which have no words for its praise. Unfortunately it's present financial condition is not so good / workers facing huge financial problem. PLEASE HELP this house which published books to keeping alive faith of crores of Indian and helping them should not be seen in other way ..it's just helping our CULTURE.

0 0 "To make rules: to allow one day (in a month ) to wear regional dress in all office (Govt.and Private).

0 0 Good Evening !
I have an Idea about development of Varanasi .
Today E-Commerce is growing field,If We directly sell the products manufactured in Varanasi like Sharee,etc through online website that can be reachable for everybody and this thing will help the condition of poor people who is working day and night but not getting relevant Price Of Products also it will reflect the quality of product world wide .
Thanks&Regards
Bijendra Mishra

0 0 We can see that slowly as a country we are undergoing cultural flattening. In couple more decades, a cultural change that we experience today will keep diminishing due factors like migration, common languages, etc. Europe has a program where every year a city in Europe is designated as a culture capital for 1 year. This one year is an opportunity to display culture of that particular city and region. Similar program should be launched in India.

1 0 My another one suggestion is that prepare or arrange an area or village in every city where people should be abide to live, eat, dress as per ancient culture of that state/city/region. That area should remain free from hustle-bustle of city; there should not be interference of technology. People of that area use only ancient means and methods for living and government should give them so financial help. Technology should be used in very minimum level wherever necessary.

0 0 Cultural events to be conducted frequently across the various cities where north regions cultural event to be conducted in south, south cultural event needs to be conducted east

0 0 the government has to free India in all streams not to fullfill the unwanted desires of people of India and it should take strict measures against dominating Indian cultures,fashions and the organizations ,companies supporting the dominations of Indian art,culture,heritage,food,fashion,sex etc

0 0 the government has to free India in all streams not to fullfill the unwanted desires of people of India and it should take strict measures against dominating Indian cultures,fashions and the organizations ,companies supporting the dominations of Indian art,culture,heritage,food,fashion,sex etc

1 0 we should build Indian architectured buildings,airports,environments,software's,mobile designs.the sales girls n boys should wear Indian dress and promote Indian fashion in India.the fashion of Indian uniformity has to be found from smAll shops to big It companies and this is the freedom of fashion of India from western and Indians are here to free India not to promote western culture.

0 0 in our India sex websites are trying to demolish relationships of brother,mother,sister friend ..etc.so the websites creating this type of disturbance in relationships has to be taken strict measures.when sex was baned many protested against that so sex hospitals,schools should be opened and sex websites should be banned.the gov should find all the ways to ban sex websites.plzzz

0 0 today youth is back of western celebrity,culture,Oscars,fashion,music,art because of non recognisation of bharat Matas art,culture,beauty of knowledge for this we have to setup organisations in India to enlighten India with its rich heritage and we want to make Indians involve and participate to enlighten the beauty of bharat mata

0 0 in the name of fashion man is losing health and even don't have the knowledge of fashion in health concern this has to be balanced and western culture is. entering villages through cities.

0 0 through Vedic mattas research of art,culture and different important knowledge of acharas in different places of India should be rediscovered and various history of bharat should be reveled and the British and various other names of city,buildings,parks of their names should be washed out .

0 0 many arts and cultures are still not recognised through some tv programs it has reached some people but lots of Indian arts research should take place to rediscover Indian arts,places,monuments etc

0 0 Following are the suggestions which can be implemented within the budget:
1. A separate session regarding #ConservationofHeritage can be discussed in #MannKiBaat
2. Launching a mobile app by #MinistryofCulture that would have same info as in the website. On certain festivals and occasions, these apps will ping the info and relevance of that day.
3. Launching cultural programs in corporates as their CSR activities-under PPP Model.
4. Collaborating with NGOs and other institutes of same field.

0 0 Dear PM,
Here is my thought on how to innovate MMC
1. Cultural events should be done on big scale, yearly basis nation wide.
2. Let various cultures show there talents on one platform.
3. Short books on cultures may help a lot.
4. Culture awareness of India is needed.
5. Creativity on various project sampling, show casing.
6. Selling various handicrafts of the various cultures.
7. Small business.
Thank You
Warm Regards
Abhiji

0 0 Suggestions cont'd...
3. Create library & cultural spaces in places of high footfall, such as malls & places with high tourist density. Icentivize public private partnership on this front. Get malls to donate free/ subsidized
spaces.
4. Create "Cultural Hotspots" at departure terminals of airports. These can be used for live crafts demo & performances
For more ideas,pls email me as word limit here  is too low

0 0 Highlights..
1. Create "Adopt A Monument" schemes where individuals or companies can bid for 3 year maintanence & promotion contacts for different monuments. Assign one ASI resource to supervise. Give a small cafe licence as an incentive. Make the process super fast, efficient & transparent.
2. Create an online resource directory of crafts people across India. Each one should have their own page, with a high quality video & images of what they do. Direct contact info must be available

1 0 I propose that govt should declare some cities as heritage cities  like..Banaras,Gaya,Mysore,Puri,Udaipur,Jaipur,Trivendrum,Agra,Nasik etc and develop policy to promote them
Some cities should be classified as cultural cities like..Allabhad,hyderabad, Mauthra, cochin, Aurrangabad etc  and then provide better connivecty between these cities and better infrastructure facility etc to develop them

1 0 Please make a website of culture of ministry and provide all information about our hehitage sites and culture

1 0 Is Porn sites are the Part of Our indian Culture.
We says Why so much raps happening in India ?
All the Porn sites & negative sites must be ban from internet..
If really we want Good India..

2 0 The real and the right Intangible Cultural Heritage is Brahma Vidya.

1 0 Make engagement of children at school level in protecting built heritage/monuments, etc mandatory, or at least optional. Fests/excursions/picnincs etc relating to this must be encouraged at school and college level

1 0 Nature and heritage walks must be encouraged. It must be marketed well by stressing on health benefits of walk along with exposure to culture

1 0 DD Bharati is a good initiative of mass media. It needs more publicity. Its archives/videos must be publicly available, specially in online platforms like twitter, FB, youtube, etc so that the youth can get exposure to its programmes.

1 0 We can learn from best practices from other countries, especially that of Europial countries (that thrive on tourism) for engaging youth in employment related to cultural/tourism activities

0 0 Introduce viable livelihood opportunities for artisans and local/indigenous communities to help them retain their traditional knowledge that has been passed to them through generations. Involve them in creating cultural tourism circuits and introduce these skills in formal/informal curriculums

1 0 INTRODUCE UG/PG DEGREES ON HERITAGE, ANCIENT CULTURE AND TOURISM. NSS STUDENTS SHOULD VISIT HERITAGE CENTERS AS THEIR PROJECTS. SEMINARS ON TOURISM HAVE TO BE CONDUCTED IN ALL THE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS.

2 0 Making others to accept/follow our culture/tradition,We should accept/follow our culture/tradition.Firstly,we should ignite our minds by knowing the values and advantages of our culture and tradition.We are the birthplace of YOGA and MEDITATION.Our ancestors started doing MEDITATION and YOGA first and then promoted globally.
Promote YOGA and MEDITATION in INDIA, as if CHINA promotes karate and kungfu are there ancients asserts (truth is karate and kungfu has their birth roots in INDIA.)

2 0 1. Cultural classes should be mandatory in school curriculum.
2. A Tv Channel may be started for promotion.
3. Annual Cultural may be started in PSU or other govt. organizations.
4. Annual competitions should be started in all states and at national level.

0 0 have visited Paris where tourist flock to see twinkling of Eiffel Tower in evening hrs. May be we should do some light effects at pre designated time for our national monuments which are lit for Independence Day and Republic Day

0 0 I remember as a kid attending government organized program called "Festival of India" it has dances from all across India. While this was really long program, may be Gov can organize crisp 15 min dance shows at prominent locations in major cities. In Mumbai you can do it at BandStand, near Gateway of India

0 0 Special shows should be organized to showcase our rich cultural heritage to the world.I would recommend it to be held frequently.also before venturing out we must make arrangements so that people know about each others culture in our country first.interstate cultural festivals must be held frequently

0 0 Ministry of culture should start great no of scholarships in the field to promote Indian culture.in this regard emphasis should be on Latin american and east European countries.it will have dual purpose of improving our relations and help in improving trade ties and negotiating better trade deals for our country

0 0 GOI Ministry of Culture can design culture tours and take travel bloggers in India to experience this. They can create videos and share their experiences on the blog. Blogging has been very popular these days. You can also target international travel bloggers for the same.

0 0 Maintenance and conservation of heritage, historic sites and ancient monuments - First of all people should stop littering at such places. Provide garbage bins at all such places within a km radius. Fine people for littering. Make these places available for visit during certain period of year.

0 0 Can we have an India Culture fest every year in all the states showcasing the cultural heritage of India. These fest should be in different months. We can host these at heritage sites in the country. Rann Utsav is one such example.

0 0 NamoBuddhaya, India is having number of BUDDHIST heritage sites, which are more important to the world's 1Bn BUDDHISTS, and almost all Buddhist nations too.
let us welcome them to the core 4 (+4) sites which are directly connected with Bhagawan BUDDHA's life.
through this INDIA will again showers Brightness just like Bhagawan BUDDHA did 2500 years back (and he is named as ASIA's LIGHT).
Pl do the needful.

0 0 In any of the government product we can use to print the state's culture icon, or something else related to culture.
especially in ration shop we can use this trick in oil pack/bill/soap/any other product provided by government

1 0 All news channels must be ordered to show at least one program on our classical music, dance and ancient architecture weekly during prime time slot. This will make more and more people take up cultural studies as a carrier for they can be an expert presenter on such shows.

0 0 In my opinion to promote innovation among school children and college students as well, MHRD and Ministry of Culture must invite young mathematician and Fields medal winner Dr. Mukul Bhargava on Teachers Day for a televised lecture on "The relevance of Sanskrit and Classical music in shaping intellect". Our Honorable PM should speak about this issue on 5th September and encourage students to learn Classical music to improve critical thinking.

0 0 Please propogate culture by including some chapters on ancient indian science in study course of students.
Let students feel proud of their ancestors. Ultimately they will be inclined to culture.

0 0 Culture can be propogated through education. Include some material regarding culture in social studies.

0 0 1. First of all, there is lack of museums in our nation. More and more museums should be created.
2. DD channel of state should create " GOOD QUALITY" documentaries on monuments and temples.

0 0 In collaboration with the ministry of education , the rich heritage of India can be incorporated in books and school activities, study tours once a month and video synthesis. All these will increase the interest and also help preserve the cultural essence in the Gen-z

0 0 The local news channels should be approached first to give an brief idea of the rich culture of the region and also ask them to showcase the activities that are to be organized in the city so proper planning can be made in advance to attend the cultural functions that can boost the energy and serenity of the activity.
Even the MoC should update their websites about various cultures and events.

0 0 Appreciate for opening new channels of Doordarshan in North eastern states.

0 0 It was sad to know that after building an airport with huge investment in Jaisalmer,Rajasthan there is no flight running and the airport is empty.There is something wrong either in the planning or wrong civil aviation policy.Now as the airport is build so my request is to start running the airport smoothly with some benefit to the airlines initially and can reassess the situation after some time.

0 0 India has great treasure of spirituality. We should develop the Government sponsored spiritual development of human. It will help us to enhance tourism. It will also help in lifting the spirit of human in India. It will help in Journey towards World Guru.

0 0 we should organise cultural festivals across heritage locations. for eg a quarterly Qutub Festival ....purana kila festival...
also allow commercial functions in such locations... for eg a qwalli night should be allowed in Humanyun tomb. the collections from event can go towards much better maintenance of that heritage monument
it will improve the monument mainteance and improve its visibility as well

0 0 Historic sites
The misitry should outsource the maintenance of historic sites to hospitality organizations. These organizations should be required to put up cultural shows at the sites in line with the heritage of that site. Eg. a show on shayari in Lal Quila in Delhi. A show on warrior prince in Chittor fort. Also theme restaurants should be opened at each site to both attract turists and make these sites lively. We can tae lessons from Europe in this matter.

0 0 Our country is full of cultural wealth which can boost tourism.

0 0 Our country is full of cultural wealth whichcan boost tourism.

0 0 Indian Heritage / Culture - III (Final)
1. All Heritage Buildings - senior citizen /disabled friendly. Waiting rooms, Motorised rides, Wheel chair etc. -available at concessional rates
2. Online booking of tickets - simpler, faster, more secure. Single portal for booking of online tickets for all Heritage sites be explored
3. Disaster Management - upgradation
4. MOC initiatives-more visible-Advt./Publicity
5. '52 cultural weeks' celebrations
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti
9780005656

1 0 Indian Heritage/ Culture-Suggestions- contd.
1. Free distribution of Educative CDs to school children
2. In collaboration with Fashion Schools, special line of clothing etc. be introduced
3. In collaboration with overseas Indians, special cultural parks may be planned
4. In collaboration with Ministry of Tourism, special theme restaurants be planned across India / world
5. Sound-light shows, Audio guides, special sale points at all Heritage cities
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti

1 0 1. In collaboration with NFDC, movies, TV serials, cartoons on real life cultural heroes - a must
2. 'Mera Bharat Mahaan' website is proposed to depict the ancient, medieval and modern history and culture of India. Daily online contests with very attractive prizes 
3. In collaboration with Railways, Air India, Indian cultural fests be launched
4. Heritage buildings - spend more on preservation
5. 24X7 Helpline be launched              
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti
9780005656

0 0 The history of our nation is recognised as historical country.There are many states and places in India having historical and cultural identity. To promot and maintain our culture, it is essential to encourage the awarness in public about its important. further, it is also useful to encourage the tourism by publicity, but, cleanness, infrastructure and complete maintanance of such cultural monuments should be properly care of, NGO,voluntary institution and govt. can develop by PPP concept.

0 0 Guide the Trusts of various heritage sites and temples in maintaining cleanliness. Chalk out a procedure and routine for cleanliness to be implemented in all places uniformly. People need to be trained on cleanliness procedures.

0 0 Indian living in other countries are sincerely following our culture. Following and exhibiting our culture is appreciated over there. We generally inclined towards western culture and feel great to follow that. The situation need to be changed. India's rich and traditional culture need to be preserved to show case it to our future generation. The government initiative mentioned above are appreciable and brings hope.

0 0 Indian living in other countries are sincerely following our culture. Following and exhibiting our culture is appreciated over there. We generally inclined towards western culture and feel great to follow that. The situation need to be changed. India's rich and traditional culture need to be preserved to show case it to our future generation. The government initiative mentioned above are appreciable and brings hope.

0 0 Indian living in other countries are sincerely following our culture. Following and exhibiting our culture is appreciated over there. We generally inclined towards western culture and feel great to follow that. The situation need to be changed. India's rich and traditional culture need to be preserved to show case it to our future generation. The government initiative mentioned above are appreciable and brings hope.

0 0 Indian living in other countries are sincerely following our culture. Following and exhibiting our culture is appreciated over there. We generally inclined towards western culture and feel great to follow that. The situation need to be changed. India's rich and traditional culture need to be preserved to show case it to our future generation.

0 0 Indian living in other countries are sincerely following our culture. Following and exhibiting our culture is appreciated over there. We generally inclined towards western culture and feel great to follow that. The situation need to be changed. India's rich and traditional culture need to be preserved to show case it to our future generation.

0 0 Please have this mission in South either in Tamil Nadu or Karnataka. As these states are far better interms of participation as well conduction of cultural activities in comparision with others. Cultural activities and programme conduction, artists availability is more in these states. A Musuem for culture as suggested by some one, and encouragement towards Music, Art etc, atmosphere of learning should be brought in through by making compulsory education cirriculum.

0 0 Creation of an Online museum: India is home to a myriad of cultures and traditions. Yet, it is not possible for most Indians to travel and visit museums across the country. It would be wonderful, if the Ministry of Culture could establish an Online museum where tourists, students, scholars, etc... could experience the wealth of Indian history.
#MinistryofCulture, #ConservationofHeritage, #MyGov

0 0 I am firm believer in Hindusthan's Culture, I am a Kannadiga and i regularly watch Heegu unte Program on TV9- Few days back when i was watching this program i got to know the power of "Agnihotra Homa" which heals most of the diseases. And most interestingly i got to know that this "Agnihotra Homa" is been performed by Germany(i think govt is promoting),Australia and may be many other countries.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQdXQlR-xJ0&list=PL7sIrsaEsx8IApYyPajiK-...

0 0 jo jo government servent ko ek ladka ho yaek ladi ko and 18 sal ki hogyi ho and kutumb niyojan opratas[tion nahi kiya hoi to bhi unko ewtra benefit dena chahiye unko ltc and home towen me jayd benefit dena chahiye and ue bache ko government service jaha vo rahte ho vaha deni chahiye and bacho ki exam ke vakt spcial chutti and studay ka sabhi kharch dena chahiye sujav

0 0 sabhim government workers ko and unke parivar ko samil karke cash less health card diya jaye jo deski best hospital me kabhi bhi kahi bhi sarvar opd ya indor me agrata ke sath karvA SAKE AND GOVERNMENT KE SABHI KARMACHARI AND UNKE NAGDIK KE PARIVAR JANO KO EVERY YEAR FREE MEDICAL HALL BODY KI MEDICALI TAPAS KARA NE KI SUVIDA DENI CHAHIYE   SUJAv

0 0 Paintings on walls relating to India's Rich Cultural Heritage.

0 0 womens jada kam karti he and ek bar office ati he bad me office se bhar nahi jati and work bhot acha kari bhi he is liye unka working overs kam rakhna chahiye...

0 0 sujav....jo jo hamri bhena womens stock market me ap ni bachat use kar ke share parchase karti he and unko us me se one lakhs ke niche profit hota he to unko ye incom tex free government ko karna chaiye matalab ki extra one laks jayda tex free ka benefit diya jaye....sujav

0 0 NAMO>Please have a check at tirupathi, vijayawada, Banaras, Varanasi, pilgrim places where can we get a facility to do darshan patiently not showing inequality as - SPECIAL DARSHAN and FREE DARSHAN."All are equal before GOD" so why this inequality to make money also the govt has no direct check on the collections- It can arrange security, arrangements and organize in a much better way to avoid stampede-Please stop this inequality before GOD and stop discriminating the devotees going for darshan-

0 0 NAMO>Please have a check at tirupathi, vijayawada, Banaras, Varanasi, pilgrim places where can we get a facility to do darshan patiently not showing inequality as - SPECIAL DARSHAN and FREE DARSHAN."All are equal before GOD" so why this inequality to make money also the govt has no direct check on the collections- It can arrange security, arrangements and organize in a much better way to avoid stampede-Please stop this inequality before GOD and stop discriminating the devotees going for darshan-

0 0 Firstly request to please go through the channel - EPIC in which we get a program named EKANT and SAMRACHANA - we have so many historic culture that are forgotten as we tend to depend on TRUSTEES or for FUNDS raisers from the HIG section. Once a trust or fund raiser shares - so less for maintenance When we see such a huge collection in Vijayawada Kanakadurga temple - we see we need to pay Rs.10/- to the person to break each coconut imagine how many in a day he earns without TDS.

0 0 Why we do not speak full National Anthem ? Only first statement we speak. We speak full national anthem that was written by R. Tagore.

0 0 We need true the true value of Culture.

0 0 There is a need to introduce the term ENTERPRENUER to the youth who are not familiar with it.
There should be events to support this concept and spread it all over india.
Its something which can make any individual self dependent and will help in improving the economy as well.

0 0 There is a need to introduce the term ENTERPRENUER to the youth who are not familiar with it.
There should be events to support this concept and spread it all over india.
Its something which can make any individual self dependent and will help in improving the economy as well.

1 0 I would like to highlight a specific concern; a concern of all Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj lovers. The state government and the politicos want a smarak of Shivaji Maharaj in Mumbai seas. Instead we all Indians want to see all his forts across Maharashtra to be revamped, maintained and preserved. 
There is a huge possibility to create tourism packages for visit to the forts across Maharashtra and such tours could be linked to other sites as well.
#MinistryofCulture #ConservationofHeritage

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition etc

0 0 #conservationofheritage gov should organise national level to municipal or village level competition regarding presentation of cultures which would encourage not only sutdents but people of other age groups also to participate and show their perspective of culture and it may lead to great cultural revolution which would not only helps to preserve our culture but encourage tourism .in this competition we should organise festival, quiz, theatre dramas,dance performances and article competition etc

0 0 #MinistryofCulture Cultural heritage display parade should be done by all the states on Republic day parades

0 0 #MinistryofCulture If would be nice if the archaeological department could conduct quiz programs to school students regarding the archaeological monuments of India and the cultural factors associated with them.

2 0 Knowledge of history is very important in order to understand the cultural development of a region. Most text books talk about Indian History in a skewed format and doesn't really provide a sense of relation to the current times. Most of them glorify individuals rather practices. These books should be re-written in a format such that understanding of the formation of India and World as we see today can be clearly reflected.

1 0 Save indian languages to save culture.

1 0 Add subjects to our educational syllabus from schools to collages, give options to choose and change streams, give opportunities to the change, provide jobs by tie-ups with various sectors.A child does not always know what he will do when he grows but job opportunities can save many lives, expand individual certified courses in all fields. Proper planning with fast pace implementation. Everyone should contribute for the growth without any limitations.Make education a free system.

1 0 -Books regarding Indian culture should b published&promoted by the government to create awareness&interest.
-Organize some cultural expo in populous places , which should features performance like cultural dances, scripts.., and models of Indian architecture for example Tanjore big temple .,Icons should b invited to promote tis event ,all peoples from the society(secular) shld allowed for expo to get idea&interest about our culture.competitions shld b held.,
-sufficient knowledge regarding culture must b provided in school books(social science), syllabus shld b regulated.
-Advertisements (like Incredible !ndia) should be promoted to preserve the culture by the ministry of culture.
- Majority of peoples dont even know what museum's are., so it should be upgraded..

0 0 Culture must a subject from class 5 to 12th standard for all students while they belong any board during the study. we should create culture is subject like Hindi..Hope it make ideal sense. Jai Hind.

0 0 sir kindly follow the pdf link...

0 0 Some workshops can be organised at schools and colleges.in those workshops we can make students and teachers aware of issues such as preservation of art n culture , importance of cultural heritage etc. There are many monuments and cultures of which people never get in touch with. to make them know some activity and video session can be included in workshops.

0 0 In my opinion, cultural programmes for schools and colleges should be organized by government. Just like in cp,new delhi, programmes on some day esp sunday should be done in various cities.

2 0 Hello Sir,
How about having a day for each State like for example Tamil Nadu day. On that day we can portray the culture of that State irrespective of religion, caste and creed. A parade can be organised and also active participation by the Home Ministry would enable all States getting importance on those days. On the festival day tourism will also improve and if the State can organise a fair their income would also increase by means of selling the States' genuine products. Thanks,
Kavita

0 0 Culture is not a product which can be displayed rather it is a part of life which should be reflected through our life style and if it is not a part of our life or we think that it is outdated to follow than it should be a part of history. Before emphasising on preserving the culture we should be clear that in what form we want/can preserve it, if we want to make it part of our life than we have to think on various aspects starting from reviving our/kids personal, social and professional lives.

0 0 Start WORLDWIDE online sale of rare Indian textile/handloom products via ecommerce companies like Flipkart, Amazon.

1 0 Every hotel should have a traditional dance every evening in peak season. So that the guest coming to india will know our culture and dance. I guess every hotel can arrange  dance group. As there is lot of talent in our country.And these dances should be done on roads which is not used or empty all the time. We have many places

1 0 Sir,  Day by Day all are getting aged . Beacuse of the rules made on the area of protected ,prohibited area near to ancient monuments,we are unable to construct our damaged house.I heard that the Govt is working  to sort out the dificulties facing by the living  persons  up to the area of 300 meters. I apreciate if you make  amendments on this at the earlieast. If a person constructs a house for his living will not damage any monuments.With respect Expecting your early action and reply.

2 0 Culture is something which cannot be taught rather it is owned by an individual from senior members of society. What seems India has skipped a whole generation having cultural values owing to lack of awareness spread scared by western culture. The ministry should set up awareness camps,  shows, plays both at national and local levels giving opportunity to school children to showcase their talent. Organization must be developed with people having strong cultural values to become brand ambassadors of the art. Parents must be taught lessons on cultural importance.

2 0 In schools there must be clear awareness of our culture should be taught.most of the education institutions conducts cultural event but they follow most dances of western type only,iam not against western culture but there must equal importance for our dances type also.present generation students should be taught our culture. #ConservationofHeritage

0 0 sir pls provide some govt notifications.plsss.....

1 0 Old age me,Brahmin , Kshatriya , Vaishya & Shudra new age me, genral, obc & sc/st.. Ye kab tak rahega.. I want modern age..divssion according annual salary..below 3.5 lac, 5lac, 10 lac & abv 10 lac

3 0 5 Innovative suggestion to cultural ministry:
1. Every region should be specified and classified marking an potential areas.
2. The potential regions should be developed. Making them trained, smart and efficient.
3. Promoted from time to time by organising program on daily weekly or promoting tourism.
4. culture have to preserved soon as it will soon get extinct if not given proper attention. As today's youth is trending towards western culture.
5. Basic and moral values of each culture must promoted by adding them to the education system.

1 0 DEDICATION, DEVOTION, DILIGENCE, DUTY AND DIVERSITY IN UNITY ARE THE FOREMOST TRAINING REQUIRED TO BE GIVEN TO NEW GENERATION. THUS THE PROGRAM ON THE GOVERNMENT CHANNEL ARE REQUIRED TO TAKE OUT BEST TALENT OF THE NATION AS THERE MAY BE MODI JI LIKE ENDURANCE AND COMPETENCE TRANSFERENCE TO TEEN ANGERS

2 0 as stated by many people here new developed percussion instruments ,strings instruments and also vocal artists lack in formation of new melody that can encourage youth to be a part of the classical dance.

2 0 Indian culture is the main binding force of this vast diverse nation. With the advent of westernized culture which is superseding Indian art and culture from day to day life is new to be preserved and conserved in dynamic way.
Is is neeeed to promote art & culture in more true sense leading not only preservation but also popularization of the same.
Use of Indian theatres end other art forms should utilised to promote policies like swachh Bhara,digital India etc.can promote culture to masses.

1 0 To preserve and conserve the ancient temples in our nation and make use of them to promote and disseminate our cultural heritage.

0 0 Generally Right brain is for art. Left brain is for mathematical, logical knowledge. In general We have to use both. As I have seen we are not giving much importance to art. In schools, colleges we have to encourage more. Even in work areas we can encourage cultural activities . That will give relaxation from work. Whoever interested art they can choose art as career. We can export quality items. That provision should be there.

0 0 first, need to make a central cultural Group, which can take decision for every states. So that Every states can be focused equally. Cultural museum is not the only solution, need to promote it properly and need to give equal priority for every culture. Combine cultural arts and we can export and promote them to other countries. Indian Art and Culture are loved by every one.

0 0 Dear Sir,
My suggestion is that please make India Culture Museums in every capital city of India.

0 0 There is a certain Grant given to Theatre Groups in west Bengal especially to theatre groups in kolkotta which has been abruptly stopped .Kindly look into the matter as the Theatres in India needs govt support to sustain . I am a die hard Modiji"s supporter and when one of my friend complained to me about this I felt bad and hence I am writing and am very confidentthat it will be looked into. Jai Hind !

0 0 Great that the UAE promised land to the PM to build a temple there. Let us respect Islam's teaching against idolatry by following our Saint and social reformist Sri Narayana guruji, who in 1927. June 14, got Temple dedicated at Kalavamkodam(Cherthala Thaluk of Alappuzha District) just with a mirror inscribed with AUM.

0 0 we should take measures to find commercial side of our culture, which will become a attractive career for our youth.

0 0 My humble thoughts / concerns..  
How do we protect ancient, historic, traditional Indian languages, cultures, scriptures like Vedas, Upanishads etc from being claimed by foreign nations as their own creations ? 
How do we obtain copyrights of these "National Treasures" to keep the knowledge rights with India instead of being stolen by other countries like the British killed / stole lot of our traditions when they ruled India ?
Action requested in this area. Thank you.

0 0 Indian Art and culture should be taught to each and every child from root level education like, schools, colleges etc. Children should be aware of Indian culture and the advantages. If we can motivate children in terms of Art and culture, we definitely build a strong structure and can improve our nation beyond limits...

0 0 First of all we should ban "Devi-Devata" Characters used in Movies which are really very anti- cultural Activities as i thing.First we should give respect to our culture then whole word will automatically gives respect to our nation.

0 0 Promote all disseminating and name sake cultures,Don't forget the last man standing art forms and languages of
promote,
Cultural and Heritage jobs,Promote Museums,Get new Age all of them-IT -Planes-Space and Bio Tech to see the aesthetics of relations in science and art-bring a mix of old to new-
promote cultural importance brief,
Schools to Higher Studies PHD in culture,arts & heritage and promote across all platforms-Stop Embracing what is not ours-Together to an Indian Victorian Era-

0 0 I have some ideas for achieving the mission by ministry of culture.
1. Ministry should organise cultural fares in different states by students.
2. Cultural exchange program should organised within or outside the country.
3. Online competitions should be organized by different institutes.
4.  Historical monuments related co-curricular activities should be add on in school curriculum.
3.every year govt. Should give theme of national festival celebration function to all schools in every state.

0 0 Should have Twitter/Facebook/Youtube official page and publicity through these platforms.
At every cultural/heritage site right knowledge should be given to the visitors.
Cleanliness of these site is very important.

0 0 ministry of culture should put big banners in city/town which represent its culture.also give regular advertise in news paper showing the culture of that city and whole country.

0 0 எல்லாத்திருக்கோவில்களும் சரியாகப் பராமரிக்கப் படவேண்டும். திருக்கோவில்களின் நிலங்களின் வாடகையைக் கூட சரியாக வசூலிக்கத் தெரியாமல் ஏன் அரசு கோவில்களை நடத்த வேண்டும்?. கோவில்கள் சரியாக பராமரிக்கப்பட்டால், வெறும் சுற்றுலா மட்டுமல்லாது பல விஷயங்களுக்குத் தீர்வாகவும் அமையும்.
வாழ்க ஹிந்துஸ்தானம்!

0 0 All Indian cultures and heritage site needs to be preserved and there is no better than having citizens adopt them somehow. We must organize cross cultural events in all areas so people are better aware of our past and develop better tolerance. It must be made interesting for young people to adopt it over pop culture or western culture.

0 0 try to make aware about importance of our historical monuments at school level.parents have also understand and make their children realize ki how these historical monuments help in tourism and imp for nation.organise cultural fuctions and mega events to promote our local/regional culture.

0 0 Entertainment industry like Bollywood which is very popular amongst Indians should focus on Indian values also. Of late, it is working towards glorifying western values.   Indian culture has no place in today's Bollywood film industry.

0 0 fix a particular date/day for celebrate Indian culture at school and college level.It helps us to raise awareness about Indian culture among youth.Pvt colleges and school participation is must

0 0 It will be good to celebrate national Independence / Republic day in capitals of different states by turn  and not at Red Fort ( Delhi) only. This will result in  people participation at a national level. People of different states will feel connected with national celebration.

1 0 1.All the artists and artisans must be registered to a website. 2.All the sellers under the cultural art must be registered. 3.A portal must be initiated to sell the cultural products online. 4.Periodic exhibitions must be organized to display and sell various cultural products in all parts of India. 5.Rural art must be promoted all over India. 6.Students must be taught about new designs in cultural artistical products. 7.Ideas must be invited from students to promote Indian culture.

0 0 Don’t allow Zero Rating, not even on a case-by-case basis
Zero rating will encroach upon the bandwidth meant for the open Internet, decreasing its speed and increasing its price. The Govt should ensure that licensed spectrum is exclusively used to give open internet access to consumers, and not to sell consumers to big internet companies. There should be a complete ban on zero rating, not case-by-case approval.

0 0 sir,  east is east . why are we ignore tu east .all of my contatries people love to surya and chandrma  but how i and those peoples ignore (that).

0 0 We need more field trips of children to heritage sites. An insight into d glory of our culture through animation and for those who pursue arts a practical approach is needed so that art as a subject holds importance and worth.
I must say nothing could ever beat the architecture of those times and seeking inspiration from them we could build breathtaking buildings. These are some of the advantages out of our heritage.

0 0 All who say that they want to be able to access anything in Interner explain this term any thing with Voyurism and porn of one's own mother, sisters and brothers. A child must be explained in normal tone about intercourse and child birth before the age of 7-8 and imbibed with attiture of Sisters, Brothers and Elders of the vasudaiva Kutumb and,first work to EARN to get food on table and with 100 percent match of 10+39=49 points of Horoscpe matched to marry pramodkaimalatgmaildotcom

0 0 There was time when ministry organised cultural activities at each village. Now practice has been stopped due to fast evolution of technology. I suggest ministry to organise the cultural promotion activity with spiritual and political aids

0 0 By doing this, we will be creating employment opportunities one way and on the other the craft workers will also be benefitted with some rozgaar.

0 0 Regarding rejuvenisation of Art, i would like to say efforts to safeguard the trees, which are cut during the road widening by collecting them and shaping them to a beautiful pieces as it is by seasoning, as it was observed in Singapore.  these would be placed appropriately in the entrances of Museums, exhibition halls, art theatres, etc.  Any scheme we want to promote, should not be looked with the perspective that how much we get rather derive from it. All should put sincere efforts.

0 0 ... but the thoughts offered and philosophies and technologies should be critically analysed and presented as another point of view and not as if we were the only ones who thought of this stuff. So that pseudo nationalist type mentality should be kept at abeyance. It should be compared vis a vis what others were thinking around the world at the same time.

0 0 We dont feel so proud about our culture because Indians lost wars. But our culture has this amazing capability to adapt to new ideas and assimilate them. Plus we have this heritage of thinkers who gave the world the thought of happiness through meditation and mind control. Hence, history syllabus in India (including state boards) should be updated more with the thoughts and technologies that various cultures offered and less focus on dates of wars and king's coronations.

0 0 Launch an app with availability of various old books in pdf or learning form, with translations. Debates by school and college students on various cultures with their positive and negative points should be uploaded online.

0 0 Ministry of culture should undertake along with BBC and PBS making of documentaries on Indian culture, covering different empires of India and religions which came out of the country. They should work closely with ministry of tourism to identify places which have a rich cultural heritage and have museums with audio visual tours at these places as well as libraries with books (paper and digital) at these locations.

0 0 I would like to suggest on renewating the one of the India's oldest muesum, Chennai Egmore Muesum. We can try to give some job assignments for the Govt. University students of civil and architecture as a project assignments to come up with the idea of going on to the site and get the idea of how to refurbish them. It may help both the student career path and the old buildings for its refurbishment.

0 0 I would like to suggest that there should be official ranking system of all states in India on different parameters like, Crime, Education, Pollution, Employment, Clean and Green, Corruption, Law & Order, Tourism ( most domestic Tourist & International Tourist) 24x7 power, ease od doing business so on and so forth. which can set competition among states to prove better.

0 0 sir, please escalate this BRAND INDIA concept to our Honorable prime minister shri narendra modi ji.

0 0 Respected Sir,
During my childhood I had learnt to sing and dance and used to sing at Akashbani Vhavan at Kolkata. That is one of my memories that I love to cherish. It will be very good f we can do the followings:
1. Mandate Art & Culture at school so that pupil can choose from 4 different alternatives.
2. Make people aware of our ancient cultures as well as the foreign culture through broadcasting media. This should be done showing positiveness. 
Thanks,
Samayita

0 0 sir i am a student ..i feel that if u dont control our population .then our culture destroyed & nation also.please sir control our population by bill ....

0 0 it will bring the better view and aspects of indian culture for others and ourselves as well... we need this as anything else in the country

0 0 Sir, I am sharing with you what I feel are the basic amenities that a tourist looks for:
1. Well built and clean toilets : in most of the places I have visited so far, most which are either religious or well known tourist places, I find that there are toilet but lack maintenance. Please devise a program to make them maintenance free or a business model to keep them clean.
2. Bins to throw waste.
3. Guide books are available at most places but people rarely read it. apps/ebooks would better

0 0 1) The I & B Ministry should engage and encourage Bollywood to spread important social messages and inculcate National Pride.
2) Our rich heritage and culture and the true story of the Independence movement should be made public.

1 0 Legalize Marijuana.
Apart from its historical use in India , Hemp can also be used to make paper. It produces more than 2x the times of paper a softwood plantation produces and can be grown very easily.
It can save precious foreign exchange which is now being used in importing paper . The Economy of places like Himachal , Ladakh , Manali is solely due to massive tourism from a lot of foreign countries like Israel , Germany they bring in much needed FDI. NE States will stand to gain a lot.

1 0 To promote the classical languages Sanskrit and Tamil, which are the base for the Intangible Cultural Heritage (ICH). My understanding is Sanskrit and Tamil complements each other, if we are not playing divisive politics and are not fragmented.

1 0 keep a special university for the development of culture

0 0 Dear sir;
        In china the govt employees promotion will depend all the aspects say respect to elders,their children, economy etc. Now a days people are behind the race of money as the culture inheritance to the future generations are to taken care by the following;
-every child should be educated by the tourism this step should be from schools (govt & pvt)
-giving tax benefits to the people who enrich and develop the culture
-language skills should be mandatory from primary education

0 0 विदेशी मेहमानों को टैक्सी और रिक्शा वाले अपनी गाड़ी में बैठने के लिए खीच तान करते है जो बहुत ही ज्यादा गलत है

0 0 Dear sir, this is regarding the area where the rainfall is less during the monsoon crop.
Why can't we carry the flood water of nearby area by means of choppers, trains carry them to the nearby drought area and pump the water on the fields,apart from giving subsidies if a team in each state with choppers and trains available and they act during the monsoon bringing the flood waters and pumping them on the dry agri fields in and around states.
Thanking you
Regards
Mahesh

1 0 Mananiya pradhaantriji, Hum ek baat kahna chahate hain ki jis bahadur naujavonone kashmir main ek aatankawadi ko jinda pakada apni jaan par khel kar. Unko puraskar ke roop main police ya BSF main naukari deni chahiye.Jisse desh main ek acchaa messagae jayen aur un bahadur nav javono ko bhi unki icchanusar job mil jayr. Aap isa baat par jarur vichar karenge aisi hum aasha rakhate hain. Ma Bharati ko pranam.Bharat mata ki jai.Hamara aapko sadar pranam. 16.08.2015.

0 0 Measure that can be taken.
1. Make a detailed list of all heritage sites in each State/Union Territory.
2. Develop Tour packages which span like story over a period of 3/4/5/6/7/8 days.
3. Train guides for packages and test them for QoS.
4. Provide quality transport by allowing 5 to 12 seater vehicles.
5. Except tourists all people residing, tour guides, care takes to be sensitised about swachh bharat.
6. Ample places for 1. Grabage disposal, 2. Calls of nature. 3. Food and beverages.

0 2 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
We don't want telecos to control what we view on the internet. They shouldn't charge differently for different websites.
We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately.
We don't want licensing for apps such as viber, whatsapp, snapchat etc.

0 0 India is a diverse country. Every corner of India has something special to offer in terms of tradition, dance, songs, music, food,clothes, beliefs, heritage, etc. A team of expert should document every detail of the places.

0 0 Culture is well reflected if it is part of people whom it belongs. India has diverse culture; unfortunately each one is clashing with the other due to pettiness of some self appointed sectoral leaders.  The best that can be done is break the divide and make it one INDIAN CULTURE!

0 0 Taxi service providers like Uber are known worldwide and a presence of such services in all tourist areas makes international travellers more comfortable. Such service providers and hotel chains should be encouraged economically. A common helpline for any tourist stuck anywhere in India will also help. This helpline should also be able to give someone an idea about prices of commodities in various tourist areas to prevent tourists from being heckled.

0 0 Pm ji namaskar
Sir dollar ki mang badh raha hai. Jiske karan hamara ruppaya gir raha hai. Kyu na aap ek yesa policy laye jisme hamare desh me jitne bhi multinational co. Hai wo employees ko dollar payment kare aur employees us dollar ko ruppaya me convert kare. Jis se hamare desh me rupayo ki mang badhegi dollar apne aap aa jayega co. Ke dwara.

0 0 Aadarniya Pradhan Mantri ji aapko saadar naman.
Here i would suggest that we should not only shown our culture occasionally but try to adopt in our routine life also. here i would like to share my experience, on 10th Aug i went to Guwahati for some official work, i was exited about to see the culture-their dress ups/ their way of living, but nothing seen different except historical monuments.
please take some initiative to promote cultural values of individual state/region.

0 0 we dont want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies

0 0 Dear sir,
please try to come with one rule against of corruption that once the corruption charge full approved from court then don't punish him first try to recover all fund has been used that person.if he or she not having fund then seal his all property and bank account then sell his all property n recover the fund from him. otherwise people will do this mistake again n again.please try to come with this kind rule that person will thing of not to do corruption.
please consider my idea.

0 0 Children! Train them each on cultural identity from young age. India have to wait but that generation of children when they become as adults would be cultural generation. As an adult it then becomes there choice on what they want to pursue. Organize state wide, nation wide competitions. Let celebrities get involved in developing each cultural area. Media may roll out each culture and familiarize it amidst other cultural indians so that anybody can learn anything that interests them.

0 0 All traditional forms of art and culture including socio-cultural practices may be digitally preserved and appropriately incorporated in our school/college curriculum. Also, educational institution level sports may incorporate local traditional forms of art and culture in the events of sports appropriately. National / State level institutions (like NCERT / SCERT) may be set up to take up the task.

0 0 Reservation period in railways must be reduced to 45 or 60 days. This will help people to plan their journey and get confirm reservations. This is helpful for tourism

0 0 Ministry of Himalayas

0 0 Steps must be taken to improve roadways, railways, ferry services, etc. There should be affordable access to internet for all classes of people. Proper marketing policy should be made and maintained for the ethinic wears and the development of the handloom industry.

0 0 In order for india to be at par with first world countries in technology and innovision, and net neutrality is an absolute must to acheive that goal. Telecom operators should have absolutely no say on the content being accessed by a user on the internet. Surely a government that is known to understand the importance of promoting entrepreneurship amongst youth, would never smother the greatest free market of our time. The internet.
#ISupportSabkaInternet.

0 0 Take up steps to improve public civil behaviour and road courtesy. Respect queue systems in public places and government offices. The behavior of people is the first hallmark of a developed nation.

0 0 CCRT's website contains a wide variety of information, however it is difficult for the layman to understand. I would like to see our art and culture explained in a more people friendly way, especially in the classical dances section in which more interactive photos, animations and videos.An addition in the area of folk dances and folk culture would also add to the vibrancy of the website.

0 0 1) Outsourcing the maintenance activities can improve the finances, the way Telecom Service Providers have outsourced their maintenance work to some other vendors.
2) An open environment has to be created in the cultural space without much restrictions, so that youths take interest in the cultural activities of the country.

1 0 I want net neutrality
I do not want the licensing of voip application services like whatsapp, hike etc.
I want to explore everything on the internet at the same cost.
Only by doing so we can think of setting a new startups & can realise our dream of DIGITAL INDIA.

0 0 Teach people to be proud of their own culture instead of trying to mimick the west. To do that, we have to show people the success of our culture. The reasoning behind the various rituals. And how they have been beneficial historically as well as in the present times. This has to be done at the grass root level, that is, in elementary schools, so that the coming generation is proud and teaches their further generation to be proud of our vey own culture. We also should eliminate societal evil.

0 0 Hello...Greeting to All on this Independence Day...India is very vast & Diversified country. Every state is rich in cultural Heritage. To promote our Art & Cultural heritage we should organise District wise(Taluka wise)Art & Cultural Fair every year. This will creat new opportunity for local people. At the same time it will also promote Travel & tourisum sector in Different parts of India.

1 0 1. We DO NOT WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DO NOT WANT telecom companies to control internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access each and everything, at any time, without having to pay for it separately.
4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.
6. All data packets being transmitted over the internet MUST be treated equally.

0 0 we should adv. much more of our heritage sites and these adv. should be world wide.

0 0 Please make simple rules and regulations if someone wants to organize cultural related things & he/she needs to take permission from Govt. Please make more n more strict rules & regulations for punishment if someone spoil our heritage.

0 0 We want net neutrality because as we have been paying to the service providers for the net facility so then net neutrality is lien. If we have already paid for net facility then what is the point for blocking some sites and charging extra for that. This is not fair. I truly obey our Govt. and I hope they will understand the situation and do the wise judgement.

0 0 We need full access to internet. Dont u guys want any future for ur kids of this nation. Pls dont kill net neutrality.

0 0 hi gov,
WE need full access to Internet, any website any app . once we have paid for internet there should not be different charges for accessing whatsapp, wecaht , vibre or twitter fb etc .Please dont give companies to loot us .
thanks

0 0 dear culture minister 
following are the ways according to my views
1: Start organising Art & culture fair in every states & union states Like trade fair in prgati maidan in delhi.
2: Broadcast at-least one art & culture programme on every national television which are very popular for daily shop programme. channels like starplus,zee tv etc.
3: Mandatory for every college, institutions & schools to organise art & culture day.  Annual day of school, college etc.

0 0 Though India has one of the richest culture, but most Indians unaware of the different cultures and sub-cultures exist outside their state or region. In india even educated people are completely unaware of North-east states cultures, most of them think northeast people as Chinese or Nepalese. There must be awareness from eduation through school textbooks and incredible india campaign.

0 0 Couple of suggestions from my end:
1. Start organising simple "walk in city" events where community members can take the younger generation + other interested parties across places of importance in a region on weekends.
2. We have various institutions across the country, like Kerala Kalamandalam, which can be raised to statures similar to Institutes of National Importance, like IITs, IISc etc. Provide scholarships to students from these schools + arrange international exchange programmes

1 0 hi gov,
WE need full access to Internet, any website any app . once we have paid for internet there should not be different charges for accessing whatsapp, wecaht , vibre or twitter fb etc .Please dont give companies to loot us . 
thanks
neetan

0 0 May consider roping in national level celebrity to act as host and guide from time to time, at their local or desired heritage monument to make those monuments and heritage sites more popular

0 0 Ministry may consider annual drama festival.

0 0 We Indians are already mostly aware of our culture through family interactions, stories, text books etc. We should strive to brand our cultural values to foreigners through tourism. Any non-Indian should get such a positive shock about our culture that they cannot stop praising it. 
This can be achieved through well maintained tourist spots of world repute. I have visited most of the 32 UNESCO sites in India as well as tourist spots in other parts of the World but there is a huge gap.

0 0 Indian culture is not just Hindu culture it is Indo Islamic culture which truly represent indian culture as most of cultures prior to Indo Islamic era most of the hystory of India is about personal fiefdoms

0 0 and specifically not to use monuments for dharna but to hold public meetings with their leaders where they could share their thoughts and could discuss the work of our government and could discuss the ways for the development for our country

0 0 we should try to inspire people to know our history related to these monuments we should teach our children that the cutural heritage is as important as the development of our country wewant to moveforward but that doesnot mean to forget our past there should be free visits for students ,and students should be taught abt the architecture and the design and engg. of that time

0 0 Namaskar! Do you really want to change things? Appreciate the initiative though. Hope to see some work on the ground too.
Suggestions: Stop banning films. Stop banning books. Stop putting sensors on internet. Stop diluting the secular fabric of the education institutions. India will lead the world only when we will learn to live 'democratically'. Promote what Gautam Budhha said. He is the most relevant master than anybody else. Stop promoting Hinduism everywhere.
Thank you.

0 0 Very important to start an indology department. Introduce and encourage culture not as a subject but as an activity at school levels.As a subject we can introduce it to project the richness of culture and development of aesthetic taste among the next generation. It's quite unfortunate to study Indian culture we need to go out of India as of now

1 0 we do not want telcos to define net neutrality for us.Everybody should have complete access to all the internet all of the time without paying any extra charge!

0 0 (My idea elaborated bear with please)
AS  i have mentioned we need to convey people the relevance or idea of the monument.for that practical approach would be we must have a brief and effective video to communicate the idea,
for ex:- A video depicting who Mahatma Gandhi was, what he lived and died what he left to his fellow humans must be showed to visitors in Sabarmathi or raj ghat because only by understanding the persons and ideas can we truly appreciate our history
JUST AN OPINION
TNK U

0 0 Sir I believe that the question is not about what we do,about rather how we do it. You see when we talk about conservation and maintenance what we are doing is just putting a security and charging money just for a physical monument and what don't do is preserve the idea that the monument stands for a conversion of something must the securing of an idea meaning not just the particular place but developing the whole surrounding as the monument, do not renovate monuments but keep it relevant

0 0 I am from Maharashtra. A state with rich cultural heritage.
The land of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj... There are 350-odd forts in Maharashtra and i must say they are all in very sorry state. No attention is being paid by Government to revive and preserve these cultural heritages. Our politicians are interested in taking aerial photographs of the forts but not interested in stepping up in taking care of these rich national heritage.. Sad.. hope the Govt pays attention..

0 0 we can create non-heavy apps for smart-phones where people can i don't know click a picture of a heritage building and get all the details of it, when it was built who built it, why etc. along with some anecdotes.
it is the technological age we should embrace it, this will only happen if telecom companies are not controlling what websites we can access, or what apps we can download for free and which we have to pay for. so seriously let the internet be free. #netneutality

0 0 Listen Ministry ,
Every important railway station where foreigners flock , eg - Jaipur , Varanasi etc , must have a AAthiti Devo Bhava centre @ Platform No. 1 where  only foreigners are allowed . They are  given information about what all to see, where to stay , nearest police station number , Qualified Guides ( not locals ), cabs , Safety App for them ( where they register  and can get instant help of nearest police station ) . All these facilities on standard local rates , no Buff charges .

0 0 India is a very ancient civilization. There is so much in India to be learned about & preserved. Our ancient monuments & heritage is completely ignored when it comes to preservation, restoration,or decoration.
We see a lot of our ancient treasure in ruins or in a very sorry state. Kindly appoint a committee to review the situation and make a roadmap to bring back the ancient glory back to life.
Tourism will flourish & generate revenue for further preservation.

0 0 INDIA is the great country not due to development and technology but it is more great then any country because of our fore fathers who followed impeccable traditions and culture and due to the great history, the great books RAMAYANAM,BHAGAVATHAM,BHAGAVAD GITA. As we are fighting to become DEVELOPED COUNTRY. In my view it is possible only through these books which makes our mind fresh leads to pleasant thoughts it to great ideas and finally to the DEVELOPED COUNTRY OF THE GREAT INDIA.

0 0 We know freedom is not begged, it is taken away.If u will take away or modify Net Neutrality in any way...The Anarchy will begin for sure.
1. Telecom companies should not be allowed to control the pricing for accessing different internet websites.
 2. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
 3. We DON'T WANT licensing for any applications we use.
 4. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.

0 0 Awareness is very important in order for us to promote and preserve our culture as it also leads to understanding and respect for culture.Social media could be an excellent medium for it to have drives and increase in heritage clubs to attract the youth so that we can say in India there is much more than just Taj Mahal,As most of r knowledge is limited till 10th class history.
Supporting Museums, program to beautify and restore ancient structure and raising them to be icons of the place.

0 0 WE dont want any changes in accessing the internet. We dont want telecos controlling our only freedom that is the internet.

0 0 We need the internet the way it is today and not the way telecos would like it to be. We want the definition of net neutrality to remain intact that is freedom to view anything and everything without paying separately for any website or app. I hope Indian Government would take this into consideration and keep the internet Independent !! Happy Independence Day !!

0 0 Prime minister Modiji - India is a very ancient civilization. There is so much in India to be learned  about & preserved. Our ancient monuments & heritage is completely ignored when it comes to preservation, restoration,or decoration.
 We see a lot of our ancient treasure in ruins or in a very sorry state. Kindly appoint a committee to review the situation and make a roadmap to bring back the ancient glory back to life.
 Tourism will flourish & generate revenue for further preservation.

0 0 Respected Sir, I consider your honour to be an Awatar in India who shall make us super power in the world. Sir, i have a small request that you are spending huge money to cure Cancer patient in our country by providing free treatments medicines etc. Sir when it is proved by doctors globally that Desi Cow of Giri nasal Urine is the best medicine for total cure and regular intake by a normal person shall always keep them away from such disease. Moreover its milk and even cow dung is also very much

0 0 please bring back our artefacts from the british and others who have stolen..it pains when others get to see our artefacts while our own countrymen are ignorant of them..the sultanganj buddha or the relics of the buddha or the kohinoor diamond... relations with UK matter but not at the cost of our legacy or our heritage.

0 0 we don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
we DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
in this independence day let celebrate freedom

0 0 divide the month to celebrate various culture, not jus for one or two days let it go for months so that it gets inherited by its continuity.

0 0 I don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge differently for different websites. I WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.

0 0 We know freedom is not begged, it is taken away.
If u will take away or modify Net Neutrality in any way...The Anarchy will begin for sure.
1. Telecom companies should not be allowed to control the pricing for accessing different internet websites.
2. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
3. We DON'T WANT licensing for any applications we use.
4. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.

0 0 I want net neutrality. I want to access all content across the internet without any restrictions. The internet is one resource which is literally the most powerful thing that can be on the earth today. And if you think that it shouldn't be neutral, you are WRONG

1 0 Internet should always be free without any restrictions.
Have a look at this video. Its a real good video showing the different cultures of two cities. Do have a look:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w4g3fl-f5s

1 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी,
देश की आज़ादी से आज तक सदा मैंने तिरंगे के ध्वजारोहण समाहरोह को गौरव से देखा है। लेकिन एक बात जो सदा मुझे खटकती रही वह है कि तिरेंगे का इस्तेमाल फूल-पंखड़ियों को रखने के लिए किया जाता है, ध्वजारोहण से पूर्व। यदि फूल-पंखड़ियों बरसानी ज़रूरी ही हों, तो उसके लिए अलग इंतेज़ाम किया जाना चाहिए - तिरंगे का नहीं।
ऊषा बहादुर
वरिष्ठ नागरिक
पुणे

1 0 1. Telecom companies should not be allowed to control the pricing for accessing different internet websites.
2. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
3. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
4. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally free accessible to everyone.
5. Also, internet should be made cheaper so that every person from any area can access it.

1 0 Dear Sir
1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies in any form .
2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge extra for accessing the particular websites.
so please dont do that

1 0 We  dont want net nutraility to be removed.
I want full access on my internet and I dont want that any internet service provider(ISP) take my this right.
If u remove the net nutraility all rights of a internet user will finished and internet user will get exploited.
So please dont take any action to remove the net nutraility.
I want that the right of full  internet access should remain with user.

1 0 The sukanya sammidhi yojana PMJS BY/APYL PMJSY/ etc are going very successfully.
	BSNL (Concessions and discounts) Railway reforms skill India, make in India, Digital India, Swatch Bharath Abiyaam, Income tax benefits to the middle class,  return of KVP….. Etc benefit the public and nation in general

0 0 Before giving some valuable suggestions the govt. must be complemented, congratulated, and hailed for the following. Things look as bright now as the atmosphere become friendly for growth, progress and prosperity. Kudos to the new legislative amendments and legislations (Dowry Death Act, Juvenile Justice Act …. Etc) Administrative reforms not only at the personnel department level but other sectors such as the labor department are commendable.

0 0 Modiji
Namaskaar
We are at Swarna Bharathi 2020 Org.extend our Billion Beats Greetings to you for Redefining our Culture and Heritage and taking suggestions from the Indians.Kindly encourage the Indian Mythology,History, Games and Sports,Dances,Play lets,sculpture,Music and make a curriculam for the Primary School Education students,so  that the future generation will be strengthened with rich heritage and great values.Billion Population kept big hopes on your Creative n courageous leadership

1 0 Dear Sir
1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies in any form .
2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge extra for accessing the particular websites.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything,anywhere at any time on internet, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber,skype or any other app we use .
5. We want REAL Net Neutrality

1 0 Respected sir greetings.A cultural team comprising of all states can be formed and give inter state and international performances

0 0 Dear Modiji,
1.Government of India should give much more support and promotion to Archaeological Survey of India.
2.Excavation work should be increased to explore our history.
3.Regular updates should be given through social media on newly excavated site, so that people get to know more about our history and culture.
4.Promoting Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan on Historical Monuments and sites.
5.Promoting Archaeology as a career choice.
6.Availibilty of Certified tour guides on Historical Sites

1 0 Dear Sir
1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies in any form .
2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge extra for accessing the particular websites.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything,anywhere at any time on internet, without having to pay more  for it separately.
4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber,skype or any other app we use .
5. We want REAL Net Neutrality

1 0 1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay any extra charge for it, we want real net neutrality
4.We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use, and we don't want any imposition of licence for the calling feature.
5.Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.

2 0 Dear Modiji,
My Suggestion:
1.Documentation of folk songs, folk stories, folk dresses, folk dances, local vegetation, food recipes and other culture and traditions belonging to different caste and creeds and tribes of India.
2.Documents should be stored in Digital format on dedicated website and apps.
3.Government should organize Art and Culture festivals from October to February every year in Delhi and in State capitals too.

1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies.
2. We DO NOT WANT Telecom Companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge for accessing the Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DO NOT WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
5. We want REAL Net Neutrality

1 0 everything has some pros and cons.....we have to choose on the basis of it.i support #net neutrality because it will provide us a direct access to a specific website and fast to access that site.if someday use only social sites then they have to wait for the server response and pay more money for that i.e pay according to the package.the user can pay independently for each thing according to their requirement.

0 0 Net neutrality is defined as "the principle that Internet service providers should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source, and without favouring or blocking particular products or websites." The Net is the most visible embodiment of the right to freedom of speech and expression. No one and especially neither the telecom operators nor the government should suppress that through price or traffic discrimination. No more license raj please! No discriminating traffic

0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet
3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use.

0 0 Net neutrality is better for all

0 0 We do not want net neutrality and licensing back in our country. Lets celebrate the independence in the true sense.we do not want others to watch my browsing and suggest me what i have to watch.i want full freedom

0 0 We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it. #savetheinternet

0 0 In the spirit of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam, if we can create a Global VillageComplex in a rich cultural place like Mysuru, which hosts a permanent exhibition of all indigenous cultures from across the world eg Mayan, Inca, Aztec, Great African, Hopi, along with Ancient Indian culture, we can create a global showcase that can attract eyeballs from across the world, while also showcasing our pride

0 0 Rather than merely preserving heritage sites, if we invest a little more in converting these sites into centres of tourism, commerce and edutainment, the Ministry can earn adequate revenues to preserve these sites using better science, create greater awareness of Indian culture, promote tourism and encourage trickle down economics locally, eg making Hampi a giant tourist complex plus a venue for an international dance festival

0 0 Creating a national cultural festival calendar and publishing it as part of Incredible India campaign and incentivising flights to the towns where these festivals are held eg through lower taxes on these routes, will greatly encourage tourists to fly to these places and experience culture. Eg Mysuru during Dasara or Dimapur during Hornbill festival

0 0 Chennai has developed a rich tradition of cultural festivals from Dec to Mar -music season, Mylapore festival,  Chennai Sangamam etc. Developing similar festival seasons in all major towns based on climatic conditions and local culture will result in tourist seasons being created for all such towns. It will also promote various local cultures

0 0 I want net neutrality.
I don't want any service provider to control my internet access.
I don't want any licensing. I want to create new apps and websites. I want everyone to use them all for free.
I support Net Neutrality!

0 0 1. I DON'T WANT #NetNeutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. I DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT I access on the Internet and they MUST NOT charge us ADDITIONAL money for accessing websites on the Internet
3. I want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
4. I DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app I use
5. ALL content on the internet must be accessible.

0 0 I want to access all the web sites at any time and any place using mobile. I strongly hate giving permission for restrictions on certain sites to mobile service providers.

0 0 Religion and culture, I think is the manifestation of one's innerself, which to an extent is his/her identity.There should be more emphasis on cultural and moral education on schools and colleges so that every culture and religion can progress smoothly in this auspicious land of unity,integrity and diversity.

0 0 I want net neutrality
I don't want any service provider to control my internet access. I don't want any licensing. I want to create new apps and websites and I want everyone to use them all for free. I support Net Neutrality!

0 0 I don't want any service provider to control my internet access. I don't want any licensing. I want to create new apps and websites and I want everyone to use them all for free. I support Net Neutrality!

0 0 No innovative methods are required in my opinion. Truth and honesty are as old as the hills. Do not politicize these institutions if you have any real intention for the culture to bloom. Cheers.

0 0 I don't want any service provider to control my internet access. I don't want any licensing. I want to create new apps and websites and I want everyone to use them all for free.

0 0 People This the page to give suggestions to Ministry of Culture to preserve our art and culture not page for  Department of telecommunication or TRAI to discuss Net Neutrality. Though I am really over whelmed by the support for Net Neutrality.Thank You.

0 0 We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, viber or any other app we use

0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
#NetNeutrality

0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
#NetNeutrality

0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
#NetNeutrality

0 0 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone
#NetNeutrality

0 1 1. #NetNeutrality should not be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on the Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet-equally accessible to everyone
#NetNeutrality

0 1 Net neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination. Don't allow telecom operators to change the definition of NET NEUTRALITY. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the internet. Don't allow creation of private walled gardens.
If companies are allowed then it will be like the return of licence-permit raj. And this time it will be for the web.
On this very auspicious day of independence which we are proud of, please don't snatch our networking independence.A request.

0 0 Chennai Sangamam was a great initiative which was dropped due to regime changes.Which should be brought back and backed by Central Govt irrespective of regime at state center.
what is Chennai Sangamam ? : Hiring Folk artists from various parts of Country and allow them to perform in Public places on festival days.Ideas are already out there needs to be implemented.
#Ministry of Culture

0 1 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.

0 1 we don't want telecom companies to control what we can see on internet.

0 0 net neutrality should be defined in favor of these points
1)it should have equality among every content of the internet.
2)it should not have licensing.
3)it should not have any sort of collaborated plans for internet it should purely have data package only
4)net neutrality should have its original meaning rather than telecom versions of the defination

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.
#NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #savetheinternet #TRAI #MyGov

0 0 Tourism/ Culture and Civil Aviation should be amongst the core thrust industries which would boost our economy. Air India must be revived . A national airline plays a major role in increasing foreign tourist . The role of airlines such as Etihad / Thai / Lufthansa to single handedly influence the inflow of tourists cannot be denied.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 Ancient Indian culture is the best ever.There are many places of cultural values are in the dilapidated condition in the state of Tamil Nadu.There are about thirty four caves around Madurai District where the Jains of North lived and worshiped God in penance. They had made beds and sitting blocks out of stone to sit in penance.But such a highly valued caves are now being misused by the anti social elements for all purpose.They should be taken care by the Centre,to attract foreigners

1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.
#NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #savetheinternet #TRAI #MyGov

1 0 We want Net Neutrality in it's original form. All information on the internet should be equal.
1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.

1 0 Sir, for immediate relief in OROP, the pensions of all the ex servicemen who retired before 1980 may be made equal at first stage while work on details may be continued on other aspects.First it will reflect the  goodwill gesture of GOI and secondly will provide satisfaction to the justified veterans in need and hurry. The cut off date may be selected 1990 or 1995 or any feasible date. Regards.

1 0 Net Neutrality means access to EVERYTHING without discrimination. Don’t allow telecom operators to change the definition of Net Neutrality. We want everyone to get access, but to all of the Internet. Don’t allow creation of private walled gardens.
• No licensing of apps. No zero rating. No throttling/slowing down of websites/services. Equal access to all sites, apps.
• Zero rating allows large companies to act as gatekeepers of the Internet, and control which

1 0 net neutrality should be defined in favor of these points
1)it should have equality  among every content of the internet.
2)it should not have licensing.
3)it should not have any sort of collaborated plans for internet it should purely have data package only
4)net neutrality should have its original meaning rather than telecom versions of the definations

1 0 We want Net Neutrality in it's original form. All information on the internet should be equal.
1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.

0 0 Dance goes hand in hand with India's most magnificent tradition. Our varied heritage consist of seven prominent dance forms. Govt should declare a national dance week in which each dance form should be given a day and programmes should be arranged to encourage that dance form. Our young citizens should have a part of our dance tradition. This would definitely help in expanding all  indian cultural dance forms across the globe

1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.
#NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #savetheinternet #TRAI #MyGov

1 0 India is recognised as nation of culture. our Indian people got culture from their ancestral and divine knowledge of various VEDAS, PURAN, UNPNISHAD, BHAGVAT, RAMAYANA, HOLY GITA, MANU SRUTI, AND VARIOUS RELIGION HOLY BOOKS from where, we have got the advance and best knowledge of all the elements of world including the culture. For innovation of culture, we have to deeply study various above holy books and complete knowledge of advance culture can also available in study of granths.

0 0 It was a great idea of banning porn.There are more sites to be blocked as I can't mention in the comment.Please block more of websites so that we can kill the evil thoughts that arises in ones mind.BEING A MUSLIM I AM  PROUD THAT INDIA WILL PROSPER IN FUTURE.

1 1 Culture and tradition began with communication and origin of language resulted in birth of Sanskrit 'The mother of all languages'. Nowadays young little students dont know sanskrit and on top of it think it to be a language very far from their heart. So initiatives should be taken so that every student in India should know atleast very basic sanskrit. Or else sanskrit will loose roots in India which would be a great loss.

1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone for free.
#NetNeutrality #DepartmentofTelecommunications #savetheinternet #TRAI #MyGov

1 0 1) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2) We don't want telecom companies to control what we can access on Internet and they cannot charge differently for different websites.
3) We want to be able to access anything at anytime on the Internet without having to pay more for it separately
4) We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 Special treatment to select organisations for mutual benefit ( telcos and interested corporates) would amount to depriving all people with free and fare access of internet by using financial constraint of millions of indians as tool. Feeding on innocence and un awareness of young people, financially weak people is not correct. ‎
‎
Dear telecommunication minister sir,
Please let the Internet remain free from corporate fiddling.‎

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything on internet, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on Internet

0 0 What is the use of internet usage if it has to be described by the govt..i want the next generation to use it as we used it "freely" and not like some puppet bounded by govt rules

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything on internet, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on Internet

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything on internet, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on Internet

0 0 give us real net neutrality internet for everyone and everything on internet equally.

2 0 If people will get charged for each and every website then what will be the future of indian students? They will not able to use internet for free for educational websites then india can not step ahead in the world.
People already pay for Internet which should be sufficient for telecom companies. Don't just be money oriented and think about side effects of it.
Net Neutrality means to access everything anytime. If telecom companies will have rights then God knows what will be future of india!

0 0 #ministryofculture #conservationofheritage i want to bring in light the rich folk culture & art of kutch. There are many kutchi folk instruments & embroidery  art of kutch is at the edge of getting extinct. There are many musical instruments of kutch like surando, jodiya pawa,etc. Today no one knows about them. There are little artist left who plays this instruments. It is my humble request to ministry to promote this art & the artists, so that this rich culture doesn't gets extinct.

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything on internet, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on Internet

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet
 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control on internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything on internet, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other apps we use.
5. Access to ALL content on Internet
#NetNeutrality, #DepartmentofTelecommunications, #TelecomRegulatoryAuthorityofIndia, #TRAI, #MyGov

0 0 मान्यवर,जयहिंद मेरा सुझाव यह है की देश के जो भी संवेदनशील मामले होते हैं जैसे टेररिस्ट आपरेशन जब तक हमे सफ़लता  न मिल जाये या आपरेशन खतम न हो जाये media उसे खबर न बना सके उदाहर
 हमारे सामने है ताजहोटल atteck हमारे कमांडो कोई भी शहीद नहीं होते लेकिन चेनल वालों ने क्रिकेट की कमेंट्री बना दी पल पल की खबर उग्रवादियों के आका पाकिस्तान में बैठ कर न्यूज़ के माध्यम से उन्हें गाइड करते रहे | अतः मीडिया को तब तक दूर रखना चाहिए

0 0 We dont want net neutrality to be decided by telecom operator. All the content on internet should be freely accessible to all without difference in charges. If we are dreaming that more startup start in the india then internet is the best platform that they can reach out to the people and grow. If giants stake holders tried to control internet new companies will not succeed.

0 0 I do not want telecom operators to charge me separately to use (internet) applications like Skype and WhatsApp. I want  non-discriminatory access to the internet.  I do not want the government (or telcos) to have the power to decide what websites I visit or applications I can use.

0 0 We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.

0 0 We dont want Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.We dont telecom companies to control the internet. We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. We dont want licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type.
5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it!
6.We WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies 2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet 3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately. 4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use 5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone

0 0 #NetNeutrality is right of every internet user. Telecom companies have no right to control the same. Protect the right of every user without passing on the benefits to Telecom companies. Only the user should decide what he/she wants to access.

0 0 The internet is free, let it be free.
1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet.
3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type.
5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it!
6.We WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.

0 0 We need net equality. Everyone should have equal right to publish and have your voice heard over internet.

0 0 I don't want Net-Neutrality defined by Telecom operators. They should not be allowed to charge more for certain internet services/websites.

0 0 I support net neutrality in crude form. I want access to all of the internet for all of the people all of the time and access to everything and not just some select part of it, without having to pay more for it. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
They can't charge differently for different websites.
I don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.
#netneutrality #no_to_liscence_raj #save_internet

0 0 #NetNeutrality is right of every internet user. Telecom companies have no right to control the same. Protect the right of every user without passing on the benefits to Telecom companies. Only the user should decide what he/she wants to access.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 We support the true meaning of net neutrality, not the ones that the telcos and corporates are saying! We live in a free country, let us be free.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 We want no change in the definition of net neutrality by telecom companies ...simply beacause it is already well defined

0 0 we dont want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. we want to be able to access anything at any time without having to pay for it separately. we dont want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use.

0 0 Net neutrality for me is freedom to access anything and Everything on internet. I donot want whatsapp, viber or any such website to pay government for licensing and stuff! Dear government please work for common people and not some selective people!!

0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.

0 0 1) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2) We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
3) We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use

0 0 We dont want net neutrality to be defined by the telecom companies...
We want actual net neturality. EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO ACCESS EVERYTHING ON INTERNET.

0 0 Charging VOIP calls is a bad idea. On what authority can a network service provider charge or licence a free internet service that is available globally? Service providers should concentrate on providing quality service and infrastructure. That's the way technology evolves. You can't expect to gain profit from old technology and force users to stick to it forever.

1 0 Providing for knowledge & awareness within the youth as well as other citizens/population.

1 0 1) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2) We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
3) We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

3 0 These are the things we want from u.
1.We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2.We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control the internet.
3.We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4.We DON'T WANT licensing for any app running on any Internet platform or type.
5.Internet is a TOOL FOR EVERYONE, its free, you cant price tag it!
6.we WANT full access to ANY CONTENT on the internet.
#NetNeutrality

0 0 According to me in school curriculam some literature subject such as tamil language ,orriya language etc.                   This subject not mandatory for passing but only qualified. we applied this language by quiz competition,play,essay compettion and any suitable way .iska result yeh ho sakta hai ki other states student know each other languge in better way and we will also reduce languages barrier

1 0 India has a vast heritage and culture. All 29 states of India have some or the other special heritage to attract the tourists from all over the world. For eg- In West Bengal the district of Murshidabad is famous for Terracotta materials, Chhattisgarh have their diverse folk songs and the Chitrakoot Falls also. Such small tourist attractions and bring about a huge change in the tourism if all the necessary facilities are provided accordingly. The management in each state should be good.

0 0 Net neutrality, the principle that Internet service providers (ISPs) treat all data that travels over their networks equally, is important to me because without it ISPS could have more power over determining my internet experince.A pay-­to-play Internet worries me because ISPS could work as gatekeepers for their sunscribers.

1 0 1) We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2) We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately
3) We don't want licensing for whatsapp, viber or any other app we use

1 0 I support net neutrality as i do not want service providers to impose restrictions on net.

1 0 Net neutrality means equal internet access for all without any controls or restrictions imposed by the telecom companies. We don't need licensing for applications lije WhatsApp or any other apps we use.
Let's just not go back to the stone ages.

1 0 Net neutrality is very essential for us ,cause it allows us to access content on the internet.... Nd also I don't want the telecom company to decide how I use the internet!

1 0 we want net neutrality and it definitely doesn't rely on service providers.

1 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without paying more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp or any other app we use.
5. Internet is just fine the way it is right now. Do not touch issues which do not need fixing.

1 0 "You have reached the comment limit"
You cannot stop us!!
1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for any apps.

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without paying more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp or any other app we use.
5. Internet is just fine the way it is right now. Do not touch issues which do not need fixing.
#netneutrality

0 0 No.. No.. No.. No.. I don't want telecom companies to control on internet. We need equal access of internet.

0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcoms controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcoms or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 We do not restricted access to internet apps and websites as they hinder the principles of democracy and go against the real concept of net neutrality; not the one defined by telephone companies.

0 0 We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
The internet is fine as it is... We don not need to do anything about it and please focus on other issues and leave the internet aside as we are content with the current services provided.

0 0 We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.

0 0 We don't want licensing for apps. We don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. We need actual Net Neutrality where all content is equally available and equally priced according to data usage. An economic situation where the rich get richer and eliminate competition will be bad even for the economy as a whole in the long run.

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites on Internet.
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without paying more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp or any other app we use.
5. Internet is just fine the way it is right now. Do not touch issues which do not need fixing.

0 0 The plan of "Digital-India" is nothing without "Net-Neutrality". We want "Net-Neutrality" but not as same as the "Definition" given by these telco companies.
For us, it stands for accessing of all the contents over internet at anytime, anywhere.

0 0 we want the real net neutrality
the one where everything is equal
we don't want anyone to control our access
no licencing

0 0 We want net neutrality and you know what it means.It would be better if you do not change your definitions.
So, do whatever you like but keep the internet the way it is present now.
#NetNeutrality

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 This is NOT the net neutrality section GOTO below URL
https://mygov.in/group-issue/give-your-comments-or-suggestions-recommend...
THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!!
THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!!
THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!!
THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE!!
THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE
THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT SECTION!!!!! DON'T COMMENT HERE

1 0 We want internet to be equal and free for every citizen. We don't want any telecom company to decide what we browse on internet. We don't want VOIP/SIP licensing it should be free for everyone.
Think about citizens and development of the country before implementing any law
#NetNeutrality

0 0 We don't want licensing for apps. We don't want Net Neutrality to be defined by Telecom Companies. We need actual Net Neutrality where all content is equally available and equally priced according to data usage. An economic situation where the rich get richer and eliminate competition will be bad even for the economy as a whole in the long run.

0 0 Dear Sir,
At every important monument like Taj Mahal, Amber Fort etc n also at the airports, Railway stns n bus statns, some tourism koisks cn b open wid pamplets contning info like history, public trnsort, eateries, maps etc n all imp info. This will encourage tourists to visit d places n also some process f registering them on arrival so track can b done. Can b sold b/w 1rs to 10 rs. Will also bring treasury.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.

0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites

0 0 1. We DON'T WANT Net Neutrality to be defined by telecom companies
2. We DON'T WANT telecom companies to control WHAT we access on the Internet and they CAN'T charge us money for accessing certain websites/applications on the Internet
3. We WANT to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
4. We DON'T WANT licensing for Whatsapp, Viber or any other app we use
5. Access to ALL content on the internet should be accessible to everyone

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it

0 0 In Today's Digital age, Cultural studies should me made available to everyone. For the promotion of easy access, I suggest that university courses on cultural studies, art forms, dance forms etc be made accessible to general public through University/College Distance Education Programs and be charged only basic fees.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 We should first of all take proper care of all the great and historical structures we have.By keeping them clean and refreshing, half the job is done.Next,about innovation we can have a fusion of classic and current generations craze so that there can be maximum penetration in the society. #MyGov

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.

0 0 We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies.
We want to be able to access anything, at any time, without having to pay more for it separately.
We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.Moreover, there should be some regulation on the prices.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos define it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use.

0 0 Telecom companies cannot define net neutrality for us! Also, VoIP licensing is a very bad idea. Telecom companies should compete fairly instead of trying to throttle VoIP by licensing.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.

0 0 We don't want net neutrality.We want our freedom on internet and we want nothing else just our own right.

0 0 1.We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 Dear Gov of India, A majority of us voted for you and assumed you would not curb our fundamental right to freedom. Freedom of knowledge, freedom of communication and freedom of speech. The internet is its most neutral form is the fairest, fastest and most important way to give us citizens this fundamental right. Please do not curb the Internet access in India, be fair to us and believe that we are a responsible nation who will only progress with freedom of the internet! #netneutrality

0 0 DD Bharati should broadcast more cultural events and also need to ensure same is reaching all homes either via Satellite or terrestrial mode.Also new train needs to be introduced connecting existing cultural places,train needs to be designed accordingly(route and look wise).Identify artists who spent their life for these events,award them accordingly.Also initiate cultural fest to be conducted annually in one of these sites.Entertain more research in this field.

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 We support  Net Neutrality  .  Please  provide the original   thing   to us  not the  pirated  version of  #Net Neutrality

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 I think modi sarkar should start a free channel to provide information about valuable culture of India. Like Kisan Tv channel for guidelines of agriculture. For this you can take guidance of the organisations like Spiritual Science Research Foundation.
Warm Regards

0 0 Bisfi is a Historical place known for birth place of Maha Kavi Kokil Vidyapati. No need of any introduction of Vidyapati in Mithila or Maithils all over the world. 
Bisfi now in Madhubani district of Bihar. After many announcements of developing place as tourism place to save and share great Culture, nothing much do till. Understand its duty of state government but whatever can be done by center government would be Great!

0 0 1. We don't want net neutrality to be defined by telecom companies. We don't want telcos controlling the Internet. You cannot charge differently for different websites.
2. We want to be able to access anything on the Internet, at any given time, without having to pay more for it separately. That's the real meaning of Net Neutrality and not what telcos or Internet.org defines it.
3. We don't want licensing for WhatsApp, Viber or any other app we use. लाइसेंस राज दोबारा नहीं चाहिये।

0 0 Please don't kill Internet neutrality......!

0 0 For preserving nation's culture, the very important is to take care of our ancient infrastructure. I am not saying about big monuments like Taj Mahal, Qutub Mnar etc. but I m saying about small old infrastructure of around pre-independence era. I understand they are not much important now but after 10-20 years later, they will be. Taking care of old buildings in small cities, towns and villages is not only the duty of those who are living there but government's interference is important.

0 0 For preserving nation's culture, the very important is to take care of our ancient infrastructure. I am not saying about big monuments like Taj Mahal, Qutub Mnar etc. but I m saying about small old infrastructure of around pre-independence era. I understand they are not much important now but after 10-20 years later, they will be. Taking care of old buildings in small cities, towns and villages is not only the duty of those who are living there but government's interference is important.

0 0 Create special cultural villages for tourism. Restore old villages to resemble village life in the past. make the whole thing into a theme park. EG - Wuzhen - water town, South China

0 0 i want to access the all the internet free with out paying for particlular websites and vedios

0 0 If you are designing a policy in favour of telecom operators means you are just killing the dreams of startups.

0 0 Promote our cukture in our own indian movies... unless movies dont show it, indian people dont get it... if indian people dont get it, world will never appreciate it...
Also  we need research lab just to 're'search the indian beliefs and proove them right on scientific basis... once this is done no need to promote our culture...
People will do it on their own...

0 0 we dont want telecos to decide how we use the net

0 0 The Indian cultural programs are quite expensive to view. The government / ministry should provide space for such artists so that their cost is low and it is made more affordable to the common public and more and more people watch.

0 0 भारत की सान्स्क्रति का हमॆशा मज़ाक् बनाया जाता रहा है| आव्शयक्ता है कि उसॆ सही तरह सॆ लॊगॊ के सामनॆ पॆश किया जायॆ| लॊग अपनी विरासत कॊ हल्कॆ मॆ न लॆ|

0 0 I think our Government can introduce somewhat like "3D LASER SCANNING" for our cultural heritage structures/monuments/landscape/antiquities.  There can be an online museums wherein every indian can understand their cultural roots easily. In fact, there are many potential Cultural Heritage Documentation Projects which once completed can be made an online virtual tour.
This will also create oppurtunities for emplyoment. Our Government can have non-profit organization responsible with this vision.

0 0 I believe our new generation are loosing precious treasure of our culture and art. GOVT should start some national level campaign so as every level of citizen can be educated regarding our culture specially children. Also Govt should regulate the TV shows and divert or push them for highlighting the cultural awareness and art among small children. As children maximum learns from TV and cartoon. Also we must but monument in each locality which must become symbol of art and culture.

0 0 I think it is not just the monuments built in the past that are part of our culture but things built at present are too.So,I think each city has to have a monument that symbolizes it.Every municipality should build a monument by raising funds not by force but through request and showing how the monument can help the city in having an Identity.

0 0 Inflation: I cannot understand how our leaders are saying that the inflation is under check.  If that is so why the Central Govt employees should get a pay rise of about 15 to 20 percent.  The Pay rise depends on the inflation as well as the increase in the cost of living. When the petrol and diesel prices have been reducted there is no downward trend in the transport sector including Railways and Transport Corporations and the ben

1 0 Dear PM,
  I am academician with over26 years of experience. My suggestion is that historical mmonuments be renovated and protected. In schools a visit to at least one historical monument should be made compulsory per year.Also we should have some meaningful events in the monuments itself and invite global participations.We should advertise more about our monuments.Our rich cultural heritage is very rich we should make all efforts to enrich it.All airports and railway stations should showcaseit

1 0 hello mr naendra modi, i am an indian girl living abroad and i an studying international business. i would like to give a suggession to you just to think on and implement if you can. under the analysis that we do forvall the economies to grow up we analysed that india as a economy needs to do just a single thing to grow faster that is to make the payment to labour and workers on the hourly basis this will give an importance place to the labor in the economy.

0 0 Dear Sir,
We should explore possibilities of filing Storng Defamation cases against each Congress MP. once the cases are admitted in the court, pending judgement no member can raise Mrs. Sushma Swaraj case in the Parliament. At least Parliament proceedings will resume. Regards.

0 0 Dear sir, kindly consider the forces who r talking care of us with full dedication. Also the retired force people who r in talks with govt. On one rank one pension, as they have served our country during majour good time of their  life.

0 0 Respected Prime minister,
I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer. So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.

0 0 Respected Prime minister,
I'd like to suggest you to give speech about our NATIONAL GAME.Because in India if we ask a kid to name the cricket players he may be able to tell all the players,and even international players.But if we ask to name any 1 hockey player there will be no answer.Not only the kid but even if we ask an adult also there will be no answer. So make our citizens aware that our national game is Hockey not cricket.I'm not telling to discourage cricket but to encourage HOCKEY.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
I'd request you to give a speech which ENCOURAGES youths to involve in AGRICULTURAL FIELD. According to the young generation,occupation as a FARMER is considered as LOW-LEVEL occupation. Most of the educated people choose to be a doctor or an engineer or an artist or a scientist,etc. But no one choose to become a FARMER. If this continues,farmers population reduces as time passes.And there will be hardly countable number of farmers in the country.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
In India due to the extensive use of fuels there may be scarcity of fuel in the upcoming years.Hence I kindly request you to encourage and make aware to farmers to grow plants like JATROPHA and HONGE which yields BIO FUEL. As JATROPHA is a hard plant which can grow on any type of soil,under any kind of agro-climatic condition,can easily propogated through seeds or stem cuttings. It grows very fast.Moreover it is not grazed by animals even during the periods of drought.

0 0 Well,to improve our mission government should take interests in promoting the culture through books in school level,then as a co-curricular activity in college level and by celebrating the olden day arts in a week every year.

0 0 "SUGGESTION FOR INDEPENDANCE DAY.ABOUT RESERVATION IN CENTRAL GOVT.JOB AND EXAM FOR DEPENDANTS OF FREEDOM FIGHTER"
Respected Sir,
Freedom fighter fought for the whole nation not for a state.My grand father  Late.Sri Natha Ram S/o Bhikari dass was a freedom fighter of Vill.Ahan,Post Ahan, Distt.Hathras.Dependents having reservation in the vacancies of U.P. Govt.Job and also in written exam.Therefor it is my humble request to you. that reservation for DFF in central job & written exam

0 0 सांस्कृतिक मंत्रालय का यह दायित्व होना चाहिए की वह सभी राष्ट्रिय महत्व के पर्व भारतीय तिथि से मनाये, यह कार्य हमारी राष्ट्रीय पर्व आयोजन समिति द्वारा किया जा रहा है, जिसकी एक प्रेस रिलीज़ भी दी गई है, अतः भारतीय तिथिओं को प्रचारित करना सांस्कृतिक मंत्रालय का एक महत्वपूर्ण कार्य होना चाहिए, यदि मेरे सहयोग की आवश्यकता हो तो जरुर कहें- भाष्कर सिंह मोबाइल-९८११५२९३७९

0 0 A cultural and archaeological department should be in every district .

0 0 शास्त्रीय संगीत की शिक्षा कक्षा 10से दिये जाने पर विचार किया जाये।यह शिक्षा वैकल्पिक रूप मे दिये जाने का विचार किया जाये।

0 0 One very important thing to preserve culture is that there is no any promotion for artists.Only they get prizes or certificates but there is no value of an artist child in study,exam or any services.So there should be some promotional marks for an state,national,or international level certificates of a student.

0 0 We have to improve our primary education system to eradicate all most all problems faced by our nation. Now our system gives least important to primary education up to tenth standard. The government is trying to run away from this responsibility by not providing sufficient funds and infrastructure to our schools in government sector. You may try to strengthen our primary education system. For this first abolish the contract appointment system of school teachers in government sector.

0 0 Traditions and culture will be safeguarded and followed, only when it is celebrated.
The government can announce a national heritage week that will be celebrated across every corner of the country depicting different national themes, arts ,culture and involve common man to participate in activities like dance,drama,singing,painting.
We can emphasis the importance of the day through video advertisements at large level.

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
The one thing concerns me, whether or not the historical monuments are under ASI, they are not maintained properly.The walls are painted with lovesigns,spats,smell of urin,litters are here & there,can't we prevent those? is it possible if we could start a 10-15 minutes light & Sound show of that places "history",show the visitors the golden days of past& at end-the present condition,how we made it look?sure,out of 10,7 will think twice before they litter the place again.

0 0 Our culture is the bestest in world and we can find it during various performance during 26 jan what do I feel is lack of awareness in this genration or this genration is much more attracted towarda western culture so we have to make it compulsory in education right from school time. Nowadays some schools are taking their children to nasa instead of nasa ask them to take to our shriharikota

0 0 PM Sir aap se ek requst hai
aap ek baar yin logo ko bhi yaad kar en ko bhi भारत रत्न de, जो सही मायने में इसके हकदार हैं.
इस साल स्वतंत्रता दिवस यानी 15 अगस्त को ये होंगे जनता के भारत रत्न :
(i) मिर्जा गालिब
(ii) भगत सिंह
(iii) चंद्रशेखर आजाद
(iv) सूर्य सेन (मास्टरदा)
(v) अश्फाकउल्ला
(vi) खुदीराम बोस
(vii) राम प्रसाद बिस्मिल
(viii) डॉ. द्वारकानाथ कोटनिस
(ix) सुब्रमण्या भारती
(x) शरत चंद्र चटोपाध्याय
(xi) काजी नजरूल इस्लाम
(xii) मुंशी प्रेमचंद
(xiii) राजा राम मोहन रॉय plz sir

1 0 To inaugurate faculty and facilities to learn, research, and practice our classical languages, literatures, systems and culture and heritage.

0 0 क्या कभी ऐसा हो पायेगा , कि राष्ट्रीय अवकाश 15 अगस्त , 26 जनवरी तथा 2 अक्तूबर को भी हम कार्य करें ।
पता नही हमारे दिल दिमाग में बहुत विचार चलते रहते है , आप हमारे सब सपनों को पूरा कर देंगे - गुजरे वक्त की सब कमी पूरी कर देंगे । परमात्मा से यह दुआ मांगते हुए पत्र बन्द कर रहे है कि आप सेहतमंद लंबी उम्र गुजारें। 
त्रिवेणी आई॰टी॰आई॰
डा॰एस॰एन॰सिंगला
सजंय गर्ग, वरुण अत्री ,कमलदीप गुप्ता  , तरुणा
www.ititriveni.com , Email info@ititriveni.com 09996293383  09255555444

1 0 आपका मिशन , हर हाथ रोजगार , को कौशल विकास के पंख लगाते हुए I.T.I. = IIT हो जाये ।
क्यों न इस बार हम पीने के स्वच्छ पानी का भी मिशन आरंभ करें । आजादी के 67 वर्षो के बाद भी हम पीने के स्वच्छ पानी तक मुहैया नही करवा पाये।
क्यों न हम इस बार स्वच्छ भारत -हरा भरा भारत मिशन शुरु करें कि हर वर्ष कम से कम 5 व्यक्ति मिलकर एक पौधा लगायें, उसकी देखभाल करें , पूरा पेड बनने तक । सोचें ! कि आने वाले दस वर्षो में आपके रहते हमारा भारत कितना हरा भरा होगा

1 0 पिछले वर्ष आपने स्वच्छ भारत तथा शौचालय बनाने का अभियान शुरु किया था , जमीनी स्तर पर भी काफी कुछ हुआ । क्यों न हम इस बार इसे कानून की शक्ल दे दे कि सार्वजनिक जगह पर कूडा कचरा फेंकने पर जुर्माना हो पहली बार या दूसरी बार से सार्वजनिक स्थान की सफाई की सजा भी हो । ( विशेष रंग के पहनावे के साथ , सिंगापुर की तर्ज पर)
 आपका मिशन , हर हाथ रोजगार , को कौशल विकास के पंख लगाते हुए I.T.I. = IIT हो जाये ।

0 0 परम श्रद्य प्रधानमन्त्री मोदी जी
सादर प्रणाम
क्यों न हम इस बार गैस कैनेक्शन की आधार कार्ड आधारित स्कीम की तरह खाद - बीज की सब्सीडी भी कर दी जाये । हमारे देश में सबसे ज्यादा बिचौलिये इसी ’खाद और खाद्य ’ के खेल में है ।
क्यों न हम इस बार त्वरित न्याय - आपके द्वार , मिशन शुरु करें कि आने वाले एक वर्ष में निचली आदालत से सर्वोच्च न्यायाल्य तक हर खाली पद भरा जायेगा तथा आने वाले 2 वर्षों के बाद हर वर्ष कोर्ट तथा जजां की संख्यां मंथ 10प्रतिशत की बढौतरी कानूनन अनिवार्य कर दी जाऐगी ।

0 0 परम श्रद्य प्रधानमन्त्री मोदी जी
सादर प्रणाम
क्यों न हम इस बार गैस कैनेक्शन की आधार कार्ड आधारित स्कीम की तरह खाद - बीज की सब्सीडी भी कर दी जाये । हमारे देश में सबसे ज्यादा बिचौलिये इसी ’खाद और खाद्य ’ के खेल में है ।
क्यों न हम इस बार त्वरित न्याय - आपके द्वार , मिशन शुरु करें कि आने वाले एक वर्ष में निचली आदालत से सर्वोच्च न्यायाल्य तक हर खाली पद भरा जायेगा तथा आने वाले 2 वर्षों के बाद हर वर्ष कोर्ट तथा जजां की संख्यां मंथ 10प्रतिशत की बढौतरी कानूनन अनिवार्य कर दी जाऐगी ।

0 0 Beti bachao ka abhiyaan bhi mast khuch din pehale maine news paper mein padha rajasthan k ek gaon mein beti k janam par ma baap gaon mein 100 pedh lagate hai . 100
Pedh toh nahi par agar har bache k janam par agar koi 10 pedh bhi lagaye toh khoob rahega

0 0 #ministryofculture #mygov namaskar sir I like to draw your attention to cultural music and it instruments but instead of our handmade instruments such as guitars sitar piano basuri now days there is use of electronic instrument it is good but we lost its natural melody so we can make one national platform for the performance of all natural made instruments not any electronic instrument by keeping competition so we can preserve our culture and also upbring talent from rural area thank you

1 0 Firstly remove incompetent and pseudo intellectual people out of your Arts Steering Committee, example Irfan Zuberi and the likes. That itself will solve a lot of your issues.

0 0 There should be reservation where 27% should be OBC people and 51% general people. Jay sardar.... Patidar....

0 0 India is the land of the culture,mother of discipline grandmother of truth ancestor of the bravery. We the people taught the world many things.To prevent the culture history we have to make important subject in the school. Addmission should be made only with these certificats from the school.

0 0 India being A Vast and ancient land, we have different forms of arts and architecture, Ministry of culture should create a cultural village in every state. in that cultural village , various forms of arts should be performed atleast once in a month. cultural village should also have miniature architectural buildings of that state. Training schools can also be started in that village itself. Moreover as part of digital india initiative, training videos of various dance and music must be uploaded.

0 0 Classical dance, classical music and drama and Indian culture must be taught as a subject in high school across the country.

0 0 Conservatiaion of Food.-RAMJI PANDEY, THANE
India has about 12 crore family. Normally .
we find about 250 gms of food/day is wasted . If we can save this wastage.we will save about tonnes of food worth crores of rupees.we can solve shortage of food. we can tackle inflation  and poverty can be tackled.
WE CAN MAKE A PEOPLE MOVMENT :
"SAVE FOOD"
"BEAT INFLATION"
" REMOVE POVERTY"
""JAI HIND"'

0 0 All the private channels to be roped in to this programme, by compulsorily relay cultural activities instead of dust serials and throughout cinema promotion programmes. Broad casting department should bring in such rule. As we are inviting public and private partnership in almost all the areas, this should also be considered to cultivate and promote such more and more.

0 0 Every Indian Tehesil is diverse and unique. it has its own dialects, culture, art and heritage. I propose each Tehesil should have one Culture center linked to every school and college, village etc conducting cultural festivals and confluence of performances at least twice a year. these centers must be governed under local governing bodies via a NGO and supported by local Corporate UNDER CSR initiative.

0 0 Why is it that most music and dance festivals are held at places like Delhi or Mumbai? It is better to organises cultural festivals regularly at places famous as cultural or heritage sights. In fact, music and dance should be there at a couple of cultural sights everyday at some or the other part of the country. Rajasthani folk music, kathputli etc in Jaisalmer, Bihu and other Assamese dance and music in Guwahati and so on.

0 0 There is Konark Festival every year where big artists give their performances. Why can't we have performances by upcoming talent to take part in similar events. Also the duration of such festivals be increased to two-weeks or one month. Thus more tourists will be able to include these places in their itineraries.

0 0 Annual dance, drama, music and theatre events at places famous as cultural sights will be helpful. It is not necessary to invite established musicians or dancers but new upcoming talents may be invited and a stage provided at these places. New groups should be encouraged to perform at these places.

0 0 I believe govt should release standard Idols for each god. Otherwise after some time, god may lost his face. It may not required for elevated souls but it is needed for common souls.

0 0 Arrange cultural programmes during festivals in temples. Money getting from temples has to be used for these events. One of the temple in each region has to be cultural head quarter for that region. this should report to the above level. Government should utilize these artists to take their policies to common people and in return govt should pay some money to them. Temples should conduct meetings to educate people on our culture and its importance and its elegance. temple is the key.

0 0 with the combined effort of ministry of culture and ministry of railways, a museum can be set up at major junctions of country depicting local art and culture. People can utilize their waiting time in some gainful activities and i am sure they won't mind to pay nominal charges for that facility. Proper marketing of that can be done at waiting rooms or on platform only.  Initially it can be implemented at metro cities and at junctions where majority of travelers are new everyday.

0 0 पर्यटन एक बड़ा उद्योग बनकर लाखों लोगों को रोजगार दे सकता है। इसके लिए पर्यटन मंत्रालय को अन्य मंत्रालयों से बात कर इन पर्यटन स्थलों तक जाने, रुकने आदि व्यवस्थाओं को ठीक करना चाहिए। देश में पर्यटन की दृष्टि से महत्वपूर्ण सभी स्थानों व इमारतों की सूची बनाकर जिला स्तर पर भी संरक्षित क्षेत्रों को जिला, प्रदेश धरोहर घोषित किया जाना चाहिए।

0 0 I have travelled to Europe and visited many palaces which were totally gutted by revolutions and World War II. I was impressed by the restoration of each of these.
When we take guided tours in India the guide talks about the art and architecture in vivid details but, points to run down walls, ceilings and floors.
It would be a good idea to restore the major monuments to their former glory.
The funding for the projects could come from multinationals, they would advertise for 5 years or so.

0 0 Dear PM Modiji, Please think on dreams of Shri. Atalbihari Vajpeyi i.e. River joint project in India. Why because, there are lot of positive points are hidden in this project like-
a)Lac of hectors land can be goes under cultivation in Marathvada & Vidarbh in Maharashtra. b)Flood water can get proper excursion point for rivers in North States. c)Dreams of Shri. Atalbihari Vajpeyi can be converted in truth. d)It can help to increase the power of BJP and to reduce the power of Congress

2 0 किसी भी स्थल को दार्शनिक बनाने  के लिए सबसे पहले उस स्थल के समस्त प्रवेशद्वारों पर जैसे बस स्टैंड, रेलवे स्टेशन आदि जगहों पर उस शहर की सांस्कृतिक एवं ऐतिहासिक जानकारी उपलब्ध होना चाहिए जो विभिन्न रूपों जैसे म्यूज़ियम, वाल पेंटिंग, डिजिटल प्ले में हो सकती है l इस तरह की जानकारियां टूरिस्ट की रूचि को बढ़ावा देने में सहायक होंगी रेल और सरकारी बसों में भी ऐसी व्यवस्था करवाई जा सकती है l

0 0 The best way to promote and enhance our culture is to start a television channel and produce documentaries about our culture,history, wars,spirituality,religion ,architecture,unity,food,arts,tourism,nature etc. The channels standard should be like BBC or Discovery.

0 0 1. Conduct Exhibition at International conferences & shows.This will help the foreigners to know about our culture.
2. Put posters in our Airports and other tourist spots.

0 0 Establish an International Cultural Heritage Centre or Asian Cultural Heritage centre where people can know about various cultures of the different parys of the world and which will also encourage tourism.

0 0 Dear Sir,
1. I like to speak on our Cultural Dresses, we must focus more on new designs and varieties without disturbing the soul of the art. Many foreign goods sale are up only because of trendy looks and designs. I like to say that Indian culture is very rich but explored very little, we must move towards revolutionizing things. We need fashion technology to be improved and R&D to be carried out.
2. Indian arts must be made compulsory in schools and colleges apart from studies.

0 0 Each city should have a cultural center which showcases local literature, dance forms, music and other art forms, food stalls that offer local food in authentic settings they should be funded via tourists - local and foriegn.

0 0 I think as India has composite culture which has link from all across globe, India should enter into agreements to invite funds for preservation of respective cultural link with other countries.

0 0 I am enclosing my views regarding the improvement of #MinistryofCulture by way of 2 PDF files attached herewith

0 0 I have a suggestion. Childrens day is presently celebrated on 14th Nov across India. However, owing to the great popularity of our ex President APJ Abdul Kalam as peoples President and also for knowing his love and involvement in the development of children and young India, I suggest that the Childrens day be celebrated on 15th October.

0 0 ???? ?? ???????? ?? ????????? ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ??? ????? ??????? ?? ???? ??????? ?? ???????? ???????? ?? ??????? ????????? ????????? ????? ??????? ?? ????? ???? ??? ??????? ??????? ?????? ???? ?? ???? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ??? ?? ??? ?? ?? ???? ???? ?? ??????? ???????? ??????? ??? ??? ?? ???? ?????? ??????? ?? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ???? ??? ???? ?????? ???? ?????? ? ?????? ???? ?? ?????? ???? ???? ???

0 0 We have very little Greek and Italian presence in art in our country. Unlike literature where almost every Greek play has found its way into our theaters in various languages. If Greek art is made more reachable to our masses it shall spill some light on the much neglected indo-greek genre of art !

0 0 I would like to suggest an idea . i think it would be helpful and might attract more attention if a kaleidoscope of technology is adopted to promote culture.We need to create a perfect combination of being a modern society and also of art culture and history. Like in tourist destination like in temples 3d technology could be ruins of nalanda could be revived with 3d projection technology.#MinistryofCulture, #ConservationofHeritage, #MyGov

1 0 India is recognised as cultured nation, either in respect to people or religion or regional custom or area of state etc. are the important factor of culture of India. The culture of India were availed from ancelstral master and religion book like VEDA,PURAN,UPNISHAD ETC. the base of the culture of India.I suggest that, to improve the culture and inovate some in culture, the study of all veda's granth and other Hindu religion book should be studied in which complet culture will be found for inov.

1 1 private parties are free to invest in art,culture,sports & entertainment but government cannot waste its money in all these because people are dying and suffering because of lack of basic amenities no food no hospital no home.it should follow family economics.first of all it should fulfil basic needs of every citizen.

1 0 1.Substance is more important than form.  Till recently, lots of money was spent in maintaining form or external aspects of culture. Hence no transformation in hearts of people.
2.Cultural activities should not be done just for sake of doing them as a matter of tradition but each one of us should be given the knowledge of why they are done.
3.No substance means no benefit from such cultural activities. Hence true and deep education of our culture  based on love and respect has to be given.

1 0 Sir
we used to have one period a week devoted to music during school days. If there is atleast one period per week compulsory for all the schools during which the students learn about the various artistes across all fields of Art and Culture and their accomplishments. This will inspire the children to follow the path of the stalwarts and thereby the legacy is transferred and this will lead to the promotion of Indian arts and culture. Please consider my suggestion.

0 0 sir,
   jaise iifa awards bollywood dusre desho me organise krta hai to bharat se sabhi bollywood actors and actresses dusre desh jate hai aur kroro dollar waha kharch krte hai to bharat se paisa bahar jata hai waise hi agr bharat hollywood ke liye awards apne desh me organise kre aur kahe ki hollywood ko bharat me promot kr rhe hai ese hollywood actors bharat me ayenge yaha ke tourism,indian culture, hotels,etc ko bhut fayada hoga aur bharat me dollar bhi ayega jisse economy strong hogi

0 0 Dear Sir, My request with you would be to send out a message to the country about how the pvt educational institutions have to play a crucial role in nation building process and not as money minting machines. The institutions also need to imbibe a sense of respect to our history, culture and tradition of this wonderful country. Last but not the least, instil a sense of responsibility among each and every student right from a young age. To ensure the foundation is right for a better India. Thanks

0 0 #Economy #Tourism #15thAugust #IncredibleIndia #Jobs
Please ask every citizen to take a pledge to cover all states within India before they turn 60
This will help in the following :
1. Give a massive boost to Tourism within India
2. Make people culturally aware about other states
3. Tie up with ecommerce to create a market for local goods
4. Create pople contact centres at airports and major railway stations to guide tourist, make sure ppl are polite and informed, not thugs. Trust req

3 0 Dear Sir,
Our art and cultural reservoir was our temples. Due to continuous neglect, the Temple culture has eroded and the cultural database depleted. To revive and rejuvenate the art forms, we should start by forming cultural clubs in temples and other places of worship and periodical performance is organised. There should be provision for learning and enjoyment and a National event to participate in for the performers. Grants can be given to the tune of 50% of fees & 100% of infrastructure.

0 0 According to me the measures to be taken by ministry of culture are
1. Making cultural activities as a part of school curriculum and the performance in these activities must be graded genuinely
2. Reservations or special focus on people with cultural hobbies during interviews
3.Cultural week must be celebrated in every school and college , it must be like intra school and inter school cultural assembly
And at the end of school a student will be confident and self satisfied.

0 0 Dear sir.
         To improve rural development schemes for empowering people's especially  women's, child in rural areas. Seriously efforts on execution rather than legislation.

0 0 संस्कृति मंत्रालय के लिए अभिनव उपायों के बारे में सुझाव

1 0 Arrange cultural dance & dress competition on villge school level to national level.we see fancy dress & westetn style dance competition on tv shows ...sponser cultural programs on tv ..

1 0 Ban Valentine day or other foreign western cultures deeply rooted in urban areas of india & insist them to follow indian cultural days like rakshabandhan ansestors day i.e.(पितृ दिन) अन्नदान in the name of our ancestors.. Pongal ..lakshmi puja sarasvati puja for wisdom Buddha day for piece ..mahavir day..today's schools are teaching western culture in urban & metro cities so crime rate high due to absence of cultural values.

1 0 India needs a new Cultural TV channel. 
All historical and the rich heritage should be promoted
through this channel. 
1) History of Indian Cultural
2) Documentary on Freedom Struggles
3) Promoting events like Yoga and Meditation
4) Different cultural art forms/Dance forms
5) Carnatic music/Folk Music -different parts of India
6) Rural Handicraft programme
7) Programmes - Ayurvedha
Basicaly one channel for all the
culture aspects and events of Indian Culture.
There a

0 0 We are having valuable usefulपरंपराbut some pandits making business like kalsarpa mangal dosh stones so pl open to all access for this knowledge from vedas & sanhitas & ayurveda yadna granthas in local languages.so we can use it in daily life and world can see the change ex. Tree animal Nature worship with details teach to indians ....pandits only arrange puja in Sanskrit & people not aaware about why they do so...

1 0 To celebrate the Ganesh festival to promote our nationalism, culture and heritage.

0 0 market places can be a great support... little pieces of art related to local monuments etc like small fountain in market made same like Taj Mahal in Agra...such little little art pieces in markets will do good only

0 0 Respected PMO-INDIA
The NDA govt. had launched & launching the various scheme for peoples of india benefit, but cocern point is that, is declared scheme can last if government rolls out, because it has seen that now & then new govt. Wind up/freezes the scheme, laid down by previous govt. Can current governance assure that, such laid down schemes will be binding to law for changes if any.

3 0 We need to ban fake saints  like radhemaa morebapu(dindori)aasaram & many more who making hindu religion a business& turning/changing  our cultural aspects for their benefits.

0 0 Dear sir,
To improve the international tourism in India we need to go ahead with aggressive advertising of of all major festivals like Diwali, Holi,Dahi Handi,Ganesh festival,onum,Navaratri etc. etc.. We need to invite and attract foreign tourist on such a occasion.

1 0 Sir,
Our dream of Make in India could suffer a setback if we continue to permit unbridled entry of low quality Chinese material in our country. Our greedy traders are importing poor quality but extremely cheap goods which can easily be manufactured in India but at slightly higher cost. I have seen number of our power plant manufacturing units falling sick due to availability of poor quality but cheap material from China.

0 0 Sir,
Our policy of promoting manufacturing and selling various cars in this nation will put more and more pressure on our imported oil requirements, infrastructure like road and create environment pollution and benefit only four percent of our population. It should be made compulsory for all car manufacturers to manufacture in India but sell at least eighty percent vehicles abroad.

2 0 Greetings, As of today, among all the subjects taught in school the least exciting for majority of students is without doubt History which is directly related to Indian culture.  I propose to GoI to develop an App which would have all the historical data about each and every monument, dynasty etc captured on Indian Map. The data can be retrieved with search of place & date or any such combination and be displayed on map. This would also be helpful for tourism.  Audio clipping could also be added

0 0 Modi Ji, firstly i would like to thank you for breaking the barrier between the citizens and Govt. I wish this site to be more user friendly.
I wanted to provide inputs regarding road safety on this site on "Mann Ki Baat on 26, July, 2015." However, i don't see any provision to write on the page. Please check the attachment to this post for a screenshot.
The only topic where i can write on is "Suggestions regarding Innovative Measures for Ministry of Culture."

0 0 Such measure creates a sense of belonging in a broader aspect towards the Culture and towards the country by their citizen en masse. There should be a huge breakdown on the profit oriented people, who are killing the joy of festivity in our country, where still a major portion of people belong to lower middle class and poor class.
Apart from a cultural volunteers troops should be created just like NSS at the colleges. These troops should be used to propagate the cultural events.

1 0 Ministry of Culture should make sure that whether its Govt sector or private sector people should get leaves during the major festivals and during one major festivals there should be a annual vacation of 1-2 weeks, like they do in west. In the entire Europe and US and other Cristian countries there is a 2-3 weeks vacation. People across countries and continents plan their vacations and meet each other during this period.

0 0 I have an observation, that if common people don't celebrate or participate during the festivals then there will be a day in India that only New Years and Birthdays will be celebrated. Ministry of Culture should get aggressively and actively get involved in propagating and transmitting any upcoming festive information and should create an environment for the public so that they can sense the festive period.

0 0 Make festivals enjoyable for the common people by regulating the black marketers who deliberately increase the prices of every consumable items during the festive season. Things are slipping out of the hands of the common people. In today's scenario, festive celebrations have only become a thing of rich people. For the common masses most of festivals are like any other regular day as they are hardly able to meet the ends. Its difficult to cope with artificial inflation.

0 0 Ministry of Culture should do things to create the festive buzz when ever a festival is about to come. When we were kids, there was a lot of excitement and buzz whenever a festival was around the corner. This was because, all rich and poor celebrated the festivals. There were leaves on most of the festivals. People use to spend time with family. But now a days festive excitement is only seen in Ads on TV and Print media. The excitement is slowly fading away from the common people.

0 0 We don't have interactive audio visual experience of our culture. E.g one visit taj mahal, one cannot find any audio visual explaining significance of that place. Even if present only in hindi and english, We should have information available in different foreign language e.g chinese , french , spanish etc to people to experience historic monuments.

0 0 we can have a "cultural channel of India", so that every week showing the heritages that India has,the tourism of India ,might improve a bit more.
special recognition for arts and culture might light up interest in most of the  people to take this as their career.
Arts and culture are the only things that increase the greatness of our Mother Nation to the next level on the global perspective.

0 0 From an experience of my friend. He is a Kashmiri. Is calling kashmir an integral part of India just a part of BOOKS?
My friend fainted during Parade at the Wagha Border, Amritsar. He was taken to the army dispensary, and on being told he is a Kashmiri, THEY DENIED HIM TREATMENT,does it even stand on HUMANITARIAN GROUNDS, Indian culture being far.Irrespective of him vomiting..BSF paid no heed.CHANGE OUTLOOK REGARDING KASHIMIRIS,GIVE THEM RESPECT. Add chapter in books regarding them.UNACCEPTED

0 0 Teach basics of all 22 languages in school, colleges. Language is the only medium to percolate the various shade of Indian culture.

0 0 Schools plays important role in identifying and grooming Young Talents. However, School does not have sufficient infrastructure to promote Cultural activities. Even Many of the Private schools lacks proper Infrastructure to conduct cultural activities. Schools should be extended 0% Loans for constructing Auditoriums in their premises itself. So that regularly they can conduct cultural activities and events to provide platform to their students to show their talents.

0 0 संस्कृति का निर्माण और विकास समाज में उसकी सृजनशीलता से होता है, राज्य से स्वाभाविक अपेक्षा है कि वह इसके संरक्षण, संवर्द्धन एवं प्रोत्साहन के लिए अनुकूल वातावरण और पर्याप्त संसाधन उपलब्ध कराए।
लोकतंत्र में संस्कृति जैसे विषय पर नीति निर्धारण का अधिकार व्यापक समाज को है, न कि राज्य के तंत्र को। अतएव हमारी अपेक्षा है कि व्यापक जन विमर्श के आधार पर संस्कृतिकर्मियों की राय से ही नीति का निर्माण हो।

0 0 #MinistryofCulture: We are observing the birth/death Anniversaries of National Leaders. They are well-known among the people & many are inspired by their ideals. I do not want to name any, but there are many leaders/freedom fighters who are relatively unknown outside their states. They have also contributed immensely to the national cause. We can honour them by celebrating their Anniversaries or in some other ways. This will make the people of the concerned states happy.

0 0 Culture is different than religion and that needs to b very clearly understood by first teachers and then students. High value teachings are mostly same in all and hence education system should be used to produce minds keeping nation ahead of every thing. At secondary level, students should be used by teachers to remove social problems to purify Indian culture (boots on the ground). If those kids of today, know national challenges, then only a strong culture having self respect is possible.

0 0 #Intn cultural program ok but don't let it get hijacked by covert international operatives. Masks in social multicultural environment use it for spreading hatred and political benefits.
# Let's make our Uth more aware of ethics & values, strong spiritual foundation & covert international politics before they go abroad. If they stick 2 hi values, b respectful of others but understand complexities & tricks, they would b safe & can not be trapped. Untrapped, they can't b used for covert purposes .

0 0 First requirement in preserving culture is proper documentation of art and culture being practiced by various communities and tribes of India.There are many tribes in India each of them having 4-5 subtribes.But due to lack of proper documentation and due to lack of practice these are being forgotten by people. Thus, first initiative in preservation of culture is to promote and encourage the subject History in higher studies and provision of more  fund for research  in history.

0 0 **(ram babri gandhi's bharat gaurav smriti ) Meaning behind the name is ram babri place  name  and gandhi's bharat gaurav smriti is india the nation of gandhi ji on which he proud. and also 2 oct is coming so it will going to be the best gift to gandhi ji on his birthday .and monument also helpful to india in form of tourisum. the monument attrack people form all over the world toward india . they know about indian culture of brotherhood
modi sir i also want to meet u to share my idea

0 0 *gandhi ji *dream was not only to got freedom but to see
india as a *nation where *every person of *different religion,caste,colour,gender are equal. he wants that
every indian have pride on his/her nation where everyone is equal. and this monument also contain the life
experiance of gandhi ji. second of all i get this idea from* taj mahal .we all know that shah jahan build it for his
wife but taj mahal *contain both hindu and muslim art and craft .I also *suggest u the name of monument

0 0 motivational thing of all religion.and this monument describe
the wonderfull ,powerful culture of india.I hope that building this monument will *reduce the religious conflict
among hindu and muslim. it will also *solve the ram mandir and babri masjid case. now I want to tell u from
where i get this idea. i love politics and think or read about the great leader's and there work. ane of them are
you. I read about *BAPU (gandhi ji) and i found that *gandhi ji *dream wasnot only to got freedom

1 0 respected modi ji my gaurav kumar student of class 12, I want to give u a suggestion on * ram mandir and babri masjid case. sir i think that at the place of ram mandir  and babri masjid your government built a big
monument ( another wonder in india ). whose theme is to  show the* unity b/w indian citizen whether they are hindu,muslim and all other religion.  This monument*contain a temple,masjid,guru dwara and church .This
monument cantain cultural thing, art and craft ,motivational thing.

0 0 Sir, your govt has announced free medical help to accident victims. But it is essential that people should follow traffic rules. It is the responsibility of the parents to stop themselves from giving vehicles to minors. If any police man catches you for rules violation, dont call politicians or other influencial people for help. There always happens that people beat driver for accident. We can appeal to the people for not doing such acts. Nobody wants to kill a person or hurt a person.

1 0 A thrust should be given to the studies of Indian scriptures from hermeneutic angle. A dedicated institute must be established for the studies of the scriptures from historical, linguistic and cultural angles. The identity of our religion is changed to such an extent that in many or most cases what we see or understand or practise today as a doctrine is far from what the wise people have meant that to be. The idea of God, idea of gods, idea of yajna, idea of reincarnation, ideals of ahimsa or Dana or seva, even the law of karma, which is at the pivot of the Indian culture have changed to the extent that the propounders would not only not recognise these but probably ridicule them. The scriptures need to be re-visited rather than re-interpreted to find the original purport of the vedic knowledge.

1 0 Hi Ministry of culture first we have to promote the love for ones own Nation so arrange speakers all over the country and play National Anthem two times a day. The time here is dedicated for India. Like this we can improve ones Devotion towards the country.

0 0 Convocation of students is a memorable event for students life. IIT Bombay follows a different dress code which shows Indian culture and unique identity as with the other Institutions in the world. If this dress code is followed by the other Educational Institutions in India, It creates very good turn over for the Hand-loon products.

0 0 At first start working on predefined works @ ministry of culture....
Whenever I sent any request to ministry of culture in past they always stands their hands....   an initiative to create peaceful culture is to be developed so that youths can take breath and think for culture... still on road women are being teased still girl children being raped still we failed to control molesters... and we talk about culture.

0 0 Setting up scholarships(s) for students going to study abroad in the field of performing arts. We already have scholarships for engineering and other sciences, It's good to see that our PM is interested  in overall growth of the country. Having turned out enough engineers it's time that if not more equal weight be given to performing arts. As a conservatory abroad can really help sharpen skills that can be used for growth and promotion of Indian Performing Arts and culture.
It's a must.

0 0 #MinistryofCulture: Unity in diversity is our strength. We have many state specific festivals. Once in a year we can celebrate a state festival at the national level, for example,  we celebrate Onam this year, Pongal next year & so on. History of the festival & other details may be disseminated to the people through print & electronic madia, I am sure, this will help in national integration.

0 0 #MinistryofCulture: Historical monuments are our national assets. Many need immediate care. Those who are damaged should be brought back to their pristine glory. This task is not insurmountable considering Indians' role in restoration of Angkor Wat. A section of tourists indulge in vandalism who should be trained through mass media & if necessary, fined. Restoration work needs money which can be raised by increasing the entrance fees. Gov grant may be raised by cutting unnecessary
expenditure.

0 0 To popularise culture, one method is to conduct shows like traditional dance in certain important places in Cities with open platform, where tourists come in large numbers. It could also be in airports. Enlist artists to come and perform. They will also be encouraged in their art.

0 0 With Kavad now becoming a North Indian festive phenomena and families participating so actively that even the national flag has become an integral part of the enthusiasm,it is regretful the administration of Muzaffarnagar district has not made sufficient arrangements in terms of basic amenities.So the purpose of Swachh Bharat is defeated.

0 0 Sensitizing people of our country toward cleanliness has been applauded round the world by launching your programme, Swach Bharat Abhiyan.My suggestion toward this movement is to inculcate punitive action against those who makes public place dirty.It should be vigiled by any Municipality observer/Police/Traffic poilce.

1 0 As a humble piece of suggestion i would like to bring your attention towards dowry system which is prevalent in almost all part of country but it is deeply rooted in few states like Bihar & UP.Although there is law to prohibit dowry system in our country but it is not strictly enforced anywhere.Curbing dowry system will add another feather in cap of your already launched Beti bachao beti padhao abhiyan.

1 0 Art is a one type of indian culture.One one country one one type cutures are there our indian culture one of the best culachar in the historical culuture is there.In india so many religions are there but there all are given the respect to art.

1 0 WHEN I was IN GOVT JUNIOR COLLEGE MADIKERI, KODAGU KARNATAKA  EVERY MORNING WE ARE GIVEN 30 MINUTES TIME TO EXHIBIT TALENTS. IN THE COLLEGE ASSEMBLY EACH CLASS , SHOWED TALENTS. THE BEST PROGRAMS ARE ALSO GIVEN AWARDS . TEACHERS AND THE PRINCIPALENCOURAGED LIKE WISE PLEASE TELL ALL SCHOOLS TO START WITH CULTURAL PROGRAMMES.SO ALL GET OPPERTUNITY TO GROW. CHILDREN GET PEACE OF MIND COURAGE ETC. ALL ENJOY SCHOOLLIFE

1 0 THE TRADITIONAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE TRIBALS SHOULD NOT BE HARMED. They even now know many medicines which modern medicine  has difficulty to cure. To them forest is the source of medicine. so this should be preserved.

1 0 IN villages of the country there are  welversed Vedic Sanskrit scholars  recognize them  show their simple life with ideals to youg . so all follow them. Their life shows that we should love nature and all things . help them financially then they proudly contribute . otherwise they are neglected in their own homes and society as all give importance to money only

0 0 I support #PornBan
To maintain the cultural values of India the govt must ban all porn sites in India at any cost. You all the authorities know very well that porn sites are the main source of exciting criminals and drunkers to rape childrens and girls. If You want to control rape tendency in ur country and to ensure Women Security you must #BanPorn. I have very clearly implemented this upon me so that i am requesting you to Ban This. Because you and me very well knows the bad effects of this

1 0 WHY CULTURE MINISTRY IS WORKING IN FORIGN LANGUAGE ENGLISH : Unless we ask all english speaking/writing babus of culture ministy to leave, you cannot promote indigenous culture and traditions of country. local culture can only be promoted by karyakarta speaking local language. language of governance should be changed first. Secondly, discover and preserve all cultural forms of native people thousand of years back, which was destroyed during british and muslim rule, for imposing their religion.

0 0 modi ham apke sath hai

3 0 My endeavor is to re-establish Vedic India with correct decodification of Vedic Hymns and to make every Indian to understand all Vedic rites, rituals, religious ceremonies, modes of worship, yoga practices, festivals and the principles of Vedic Science, verified by modern science and then to apply these principles in various fields of Indian life to elevate the life of the people of India and the world.

1 0 Let us make our worships and rituals more meaningful and spiritually appealing to all modern educated. Let us create a system within the family, in the schools and colleges and in our local societies, which can impart knowledge of the foundations of Indian culture to the youth and engage them in a dialogue to address their doubts, so that they can make a wise choice based on a clear understanding of the stakes involved. There lays a responsibility to impart the Vedic Knowledge to Youngsters.

1 0 Our present day religious practices though based on these Vedic principles, remain as mere do-how without having enough knowledge of why  Yajnas (Fire sacrifices), Vedic rites, religious ceremonies, festivals, modes of worship, Pujas are being performed and why various ingredients are used in rituals like Panchamrita Snaanam in Abhisheka, Naivedya etc. Even pundits, priests in temples and the general devotees at home are performing such traditional rituals without basic understanding. Why So?

1 0 More Funds and Scholarships to deserving national and international students for pursuing arts/culture/sports

1 0 One way to sensitize our upcoming generation is to introduce vocational module on Indian classical instruments/dances/music in the school curricullum just as sports and moral education is included.

0 0 #ministryofculture #mygov namaskar sir I like to draw your attention to cultural music and it instruments but instead of our handmade instruments such as guitars sitar piano basuri now days there is use of electronic instrument it is good but we lost its natural melody so we can make one national platform for the performance of all natural made instruments not any electronic instrument by keeping competition so we can preserve our culture and also upbring talent from rural area thank you

2 0 Sir, I suggest that Deputy commissioners of the Districts in the whole country should be involved in this programme. Ancient monuments and historic places in each district should be  maintained through Deputy Commissioner.

0 0 Also, one of the reasons why Indian culture has so much taken a back seat for most of urban India is that the culture has failed to remain relevant. This is evident from how the new messengers of the culture like AoL, ISHA, Mahatriya, etc are being celebrated.
Why not the Government celebrate all our Indian cultures? I remember as a kid I went to churches and mosques, even though I was a Hindu. How many of our kids to do that? Each month should be designated towards one of our cultures!!

0 0 continued from my prev 2 posts...
Fundamentally, let us not be like the West who thrusted their culture on us. Let us set an example to the world through our tolerance of other cultures. Let us create occassions when every culture is celebrated.

0 0 continued from prev..
2. World Ethnic Day - India is a land of diversity and multiple ethnicity, which makes us unique. Today most corporates are struggling to create diversity, we on the other hand have achieved it so much in scale. This day should look at some key events that built the diversity of this land
3. World Civilization Day, especially we originate from one of the oldest civilizations and one of the 3 old world civilizations or cradles of the modern world!
part 3 continued..

0 0 Take every symbolic aspect of Indian culture and create a branding around it, like International Yoga Day. Work with relevant partners to brand and market such events (again like we did for Yoga with AoL, ISHA)
Some aspsects that could be symbolized are:
1. World Family Day (the strength of Indian parenting, joint families, etc could be celebrated) based on Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam or  யாதும் ஊரே, யாவரும் கேளீர் or "All Indians are my brothers and sisters"
more in my next post..

1 0 Population of India is
1.28 billion
Strength of Indian Army is 1.3 million
Cost of a bullet proof jacket is ~Rs 45000/-
45000x1.3x10^6
____________
1.28x10^9
=Rs 45
If all the Indians could just sacrifice a day's meal and
If govt of the day could understand this simple mathematics
We could save those fighting for our safety in the borders ,in tough geogeaphical terrains ,secrificing all the perks of life,

0 0 in order to protect the aborigines and their culture of andman the govt should act fast.its like now or never situation,they are only around 800 left .we know our govt is spending a lot money for their conservation but modern day unethical practice called human safari made their existence miserable.the outside contact made them prone malaria and some sexual exploitation.we dont need to spend more all we need to do is  JUST STOP HUMAN SAFARI.HUMAN SAFARI IS LIKE MODERN DAY SLAVERY ..

0 0 bring out training videos for learning various indian arts, this will help people to leran different art forms

2 0 a very good concept of promoting indian culture is delhi haat, where one can find food and handicrafts from all over india, similar places should be developed all over india.

0 0 hello.
In order to maintain the equilibrium between our culture and heritage with the present world,a mass media campaign should be enabled and must be worked upon constantly just as we have the Incredible India campaign. This is because everything is best understood when it is showed visually rather than trying to inculcate through teachings. Each state needs to showcase its own each and every heritage sites of great importance which is being done in some manner in their tourism ads.

0 0 #ministryofculture
The enthusiasm shown for increasing the number of foreign tourists  to our country through programs like Incredible India is laudable. Such efforts should also be shown to increase national tourists also. Facilities need to be made for students and others to visit cultural places all over India and to mingle with culturally different people. Indian railways can make good efforts for this and frequent cultural trains need to be provided entirely for this purpose.

1 0 #MinistryofCulture
Young students should be given ample opportunities to study the culture of our nation. There need to be changes in our curriculum such that it should include visit to nearby world heritage sites or culturally important places. The study of social sciences should be promoted for the same matter. The infusion of professional education has deteriorated the advance in cultural and social studies. There need to be a change.

2 0 We must focus on the young minds of the country. we must make them aware of the heritage of the country by means of 1. Including it in the curriculum. 2. Creating animated versions to create interest among young children who otherwise watch cartoon films. 3. Developing games and apps which have indian theme and are much more informative. Games can be made similar to "Age of empires".. 4. Encouraging folk arts and traditional knowledge by giving extra marks in qualifying exams of SSC and HSC.

0 0 Many traditional  folk cultures and art forms are on the verge of extinct , ministry can provide scholarships to scholars to study these cultures and present them in digital historical format so that people can know these and can visit these these places and ask national level documentary film maker to make films on them and arranged national level workshops so that those artistes can participate and also ask various indian consulates around the world to arrange shows to showcase folk culture

0 0 Many heritage buildings and places of rich historical interests are lying in defunct state in and around country these places is identified through public participation and necessary steps to conserve and promote them as tourist destination in consultation with state governments must take place. ministry along with ministry of tourism must launch a website where all the detailed information of cultural and heritage sites are available along with virtual tour facility.

0 0 People of Odhisha and their Govt are very proud of their culture -- language, music and dance. They don't promote sub-standard songs and dances to over their own. I think MyGov can also promote Indian culture and discourage Western songs, dress, drinking and drug addiction.

1 0 PRESERVE CULTURE AND EDUCATE ABOUT CULTURE SHOULD BE THE BASIC DUTIES OF #MINISTRYOFCULTURE. SPECIFIC PROJECTION AND STUDY OF CULTURE IN EACH REGION SHOULD BE DONE.PROJECTING OR STUDYING INDIAN CULTURE AS A WHOLE WILL RESULT IN LOSS OF ATTENTION TO THE UNIQUE AND COLORFUL FEATURES OF REGIONAL CULTURE. INDIA IS A COUNTRY OF THOUSANDS OF CULTURE SO THE SPECIFIC STUDY OF REGIONAL CULTURE WILL ADD MORE INTERESTING FINDINGS TO INDIAN CULTURE. THANK YOU.

0 0 Historians and archeologists can give guest lectures to school students during special occasions, making it a very interactive session. Government should support the archeological research on Dwaraka. The government should make it tourist friendly by setting up railway stations and hotels. They should make it easily accessible. The government can start off academies which promote Indian martial arts like kalari. Learned Sanskrit/Tamil scholars should be appointed to decode the ancient Vedas and scriptures which has a lot of scientific facts which would be of great use in today's society. Encouraging theatre groups to perform historical stories like Mahabharata will also encourage people to appreciate our culture and heritage.

0 0 Sir, greetings..
My suggestion is
Promote heritage on local level through NGOs n make it such that local can get involved n make their livelyhood. Then only heritage will pass through generations.
After installation of local heritage cross
-heritage can also b inculcated through fairs n heritage/cultural shows. A detailed presentation can b given basis requirement n suitability..

0 0 सर्वप्रथम काला और संस्कृति का  भारतीय संदर्भ मे व्याख्या को स्वीकार किया जाए । 'संस्कृति ' शब्द का सीधा संबंध ' संस्कृत ' से है । " संस्कृत और संस्कृति " के अंतर्संबंधों की अभिव्यक्ति के ही 'कला ' का प्रतिमान बनाया जाए । संस्कृति शब्द की अत्यंत प्रचलित हो चली परिभाषा को पूरी तरह से नकार कर , वापस इसके मौलिक स्वरूप को स्वीकार किया जाये । 'कला', कारीगरी एवं तमाशा और हुनर  मे सीधा फर्क किया जाए ।' कला' के नए मानदंड तय हों एवं उसे व्यवहार मे शामिल भी कराया जाए ।

0 0 My suggestion:
1. Paying slip of all banks should b common by mentioning blank coulomb of Drawee bank & Cheque's bank name. It saves paper.
2. Printing through computer printers should be both side of the paper, it save huge quantity of papers. But both side printing printers not available in market. So i request to ask engineers for innovate it & implement.

0 0 Each Tehesil pan India should have a Culture Center operated jointly by Local Governing bodies and Corporate using CSR initiatives. These centers should function as art galleries, Theaters, Educational and competitions center linking each and every school and college in the tehesil every biannually or during local cultural festivals. There should also be an exhibition place and a culture shop to support economic alleviation and also as a tourism spot.

1 0 #MinistryofCulture Ministry should give more importance to collaborative cinema. If every school has a mini auditorium where cinemas can be projected, then every village in india can produce their own collaborative cinema and shown all over india. This is a highly effective way to improve our culture. An actor of such a cinema should have acted at least two dramas earlier! Then drama also will be saved. By using cinema as an anchor, we can save every art form

2 1 Hon'ble Prime Minister,
I write to you in connection with my band AGRIMA’s original composition ‘Azaad Panchi’ concerning with the current problems of brain-drain of the gullible Indian youth. It develops a sense of patriotism and responsibility in their minds towards India.
Our inspiration for this composition is you. We want to dedicate it to Bhartiya Pravasiya Diwas. This song would energize and inspire the youth, capture the imagination of Indians.
Eagerly awaiting your guidance. Thanks

3 0 Our ancient scriptures and illustrations personify abstract into beautiful gods and goddesses based on the quality the illustrator has focused on.. Similarly new age artists must be encouraged to depict their visualization of various abstracts..to bring about their versions of the same or something way beyond!

0 0 #ministryofculture #mygov namaskar sir I like to draw your attention to cultural music and it instruments but instead of our handmade instruments such as guitars sitar piano basuri now days there is use of electronic instrument it is good but we lost its natural melody so we can make one national platform for the performance of all natural made instruments not any electronic instrument by keeping competition so we can preserve our culture and also upbring talent from rural area thank you

0 0 New research tells why Indian food is among the most loved. The combination of various non-overlapping taste elements at the molecular level, it says. So there can be more innovations in such areas.

0 0 Excessive use of Tobacco and Nicotine by our Youth in Hookah bars existing in our country.
Immature teenagers spend their parent’s hard earned money to spoil their own lives.They are supposed to be the future of India.But unfortunately, most of our Indian Youth is getting addicted to use of tobacco,drugs etc and is getting misguided.You should take steps to ban these hookah bars. It should not be acceptable legally as well as morally.

0 0 Sir, It is time for us to restore our old heritage values and make India to unreachable in the world map. Our heritage and cultural values are sustaining till date and should continue. We need respect our values and take it forward....

0 0 PM sir, aaj news channel we pata chala ki ek terriorist pakad me aaya hai. Na Jane kyo Hume lagta hai ki yah Pakistan ki hamare 15 August ki kadi taiyario se dhyan hatane ki koshish hai warna ek terrorist itni aasani we kaise haath as jata. Pl. Mera aapse aagrah hai ki 15 August ki taiyari aur kadi ki Jaye. Jai hind Jai Bharat Vandematram

0 0 India is recognised by culture, either it should be in form of people,language,clothwears,education, religion etc. are various types of cultures collectively united with respect of each other. It is very important effort to encourage the culture of people in its own form.There should be arranged various programmes and education to get update and aware about the india culture like "united with differece".The cultural education for various types should be started at various places with infra.help

0 0 large number of indian origin people are living in various countries like Fiji, Mauritius, Guyanan, Trinidad and Tobagao. Ministry of culture needs to organize various indian culture based programs in those countries. which will rekindle ties /bonds between India and indian origin people

0 0 our culture is one of the oldest & beutiful in world.
therefor we makes proud fill about its so we shoud like our culture.

0 0 #ConservationofHeritage, #MyGov Every school in India should developed into a cultural complex of that area. It should contain a) library 2)Digital library c)mini auditorium with stage for performing arts and screen for projecting movies d)training centres for music and dance e)night learning centres children where highly educated people from that community can assist the students in learning voluntarily.Thus every child will grow up cultured under the complete care of society.

1 0 please include history between 200 ad to 1200 AD the golden period of India which is largely excluded from our text books.  We should create virtual tour of our  museum, food is also part of culture and we should have portal to submit user contributed recipe, it will bank for indian food and fusion food, similarly create a forum for submitting ethnic dress design, we will have a large bank of these indian fashion ware.

1 0 प्यारे  प्रधान मंत्री जी,
मेरा  नाम अजय झारिया है, आपके माध्यम से ये कहना चाहता हु की जो भारत सरकार की योजनाये चल रही है उन योजनाओं  को जैसे स्वच्भारत, बेटी बचाओ आंदोलन , स्किल इंडिया , मेक इन इण्डिया  आदि, इन सभी की सरकार के माध्यम से मोबाइल कॉलर टोन बनाई जा सकती है और , ऐसा प्रावधान   कर सकते है की जिसे भी ये टोन अपने मोबाइल नंबर पर रजिस्टर करनी उन्हें कोई चार्ज नही देना होगा  इससे हमारी सरकार की जो योजनाये है उनका अच्छे से प्रचार होगा और गौरववन्वित होने  का मौका भी मिलेगा.

1 0 As in urban areas Mostly people think that they are educated enough they have all the knowledge in the world.but there is a havoc to adopt western culture which is a deep down threat to decrease the gap within the Indian people.
we say mera bharat mahan but do we mean it? it is a big question today.2/2

0 0 Resp. PM sir, I would suggest you to kindly make plan for communal harmony promoting advertisement in media.. we are spending a lot on TV and other media network for advertisement why we are not spending for making good advertisements on communal harmony (hindu Muslim ekta) there are so many good advertisement designer/maker who can create wonders.. this will surely help.. if companies can sell any thing with TV advertisements why we can not develop hindu muslim ekta by this tool?

1 0 Culture however represents the identity of a person.
In India there is a huge difference between metro cities and other cities.Now talking about rural areas then there exist a huge gap between their culture and the urban areas culture.Although when students living in rural move to urban for studies then they become habitual of those new culture which basically leads to positive in some cases and negativity in some cases but is mostly negative.I think we should focus more on rural areas.1/2

0 0 we should build community clubs in government schools which are idle after class, allowing culturally inclined to teach dance, art etc one such example of how it can be administered can be found here
http://pa.gov.sg/locate-our-centres/index.html

2 0 We should build open amphitheater where upcoming artist can display their skills

2 0 The western world really needs tit bits of our knowledge of the Geeta. The Geeta says " DO your best and do not run after making your actions bear fruit". The western corporate world runs after ratings, rankings, promotions which makes them really stressed out. In corporate life it is very tough to get a positive feedback from clients but easy to get a wack on your head if you do a mistake. The western world is only penalized for what they do wrong. They need the Geeta gyan to let go results..

1 0 There is no exclusive cultural universities in India. 5 cultural universities could be set in each of 4 major metros and 1 in central India. Cultural universities are important part of promoting tourism as they impart knowledge in areas like traditions, languages, cuisine, historical monuments, relics, epics, medicines, museum, people behaviour in India, International cultural studies and its promotion with all the above aspects. Cultural Universities are major base for promoting tourism.

0 0 hello sir,
pranam .....
mujhe lagta hi hame parvat aur animals aur rivers aur jungle  ka khyal rakhna chaiy ......wo hi sab hi jo najane kitne salo se hamare country ki shan bane rahe hi....bharat ko dekha hi jana hi pehchana hi......wo hi hamare liye sab kuch hone chaiye ...hame uska sabse jyada khyal rakhna chaiye .. ..thax

0 0 hello sir,
pranam .....
mujhe lagta hi hame parvat aur animals aur rivers aur jungle  ka khyal rakhna chaiy ......wo hi sab hi jo najane kitne salo se hamare country ki shan bane rahe hi....bharat ko dekha hi jana hi pehchana hi......wo hi hamare liye sab kuch hone chaiye ...hame uska sabse jyada khyal rakhna chaiye .. ..thax

1 0 Culture, art forms etc are always pride of a nation. It is always wonderful if it stand aloof from politics. If culture is not blended with political ideologies it prevails for ages. Giving a National platform for the promotion of art forms should be done. India's students should be taught our true culture.Govt can increase their interest in historical studies and promote a subject which is having a downward graph these days. Culture has to be studied if there is a need to preserve it.

1 0 Temples and Indian regional culture are the main attraction of India. but with time local people of specific community in the race of earning money forgetting there regional culture. Growth is necessary but the race for the grout is taking us away form out culture...

1 0 I'm native of Mysore district. we have large number of historical monuments. every year lakhs of tourists come to Mysore and near by places. many of the people from other countries will be excited to know about our culture and importance of the monumnets. We being native to this country will not be knowing the importance. there is huge amount of knowledge in our culture. there is medicinal and scientific values in it.
as you all are aware,
 Lord  Macaulay once said in European Parliament that India's culture is so rich that we can't conquer this nation. hence we have to brainwash this generation by creating a feeling that Indian culture is worst. if one generation foregets the culture, we can rule them for another 300 years...
so my humble request is , Government should include sylanbus from the beginning from schools. children of India should feel that there culture and tradition is good. we the citizens of India should come forward and accept that our culture is the noble culture in world. Government should promote Traditional dance, Music, Art, literature, and so on... when entire world is looking towards India, we the Indians are having some doubt regarding our culture.
Also provide good Toilets and Drinking water facility at all the tourist actions. We should give top most priority for hygiene.
every month there should be some competitions for school children about Culture and tradition of our country. Conduct Quiz, Debate and other competitions for creating awareness among students.

1 0 Engage with groups like MasterChef Australia to connect food and culture, specially during festivities. Put money in events like modern dance, zumba and creative art forms in association with schools and colleges, specially government institutions where a lot of the raw talent lies. Don't merely focus on the anciant and heritage.

1 0 1.Start a DWADASH (12) JYOTIRLINGA CIRCUIT connecting all 12 jyotirlinga by rail, road, hotels and all facilities for crowd/stampede free travel. 2. Start a IKYAWAN (51) SHAKTIPEETH CIRCUIT connecting all 51 devi-sthans similarly 3. Start a BHARAT YAATRA CARD which will be a universal smart travel card in each and every mode of transport and will be identity card with optional prepaid facility. This will help get travel and traveller data for checking trafikking, crimes and ensure good planning

0 0 Use the technology to protect, monitor and promote. Culture should be part of the education curriculum, it helps us in understanding our value system and appreciate Our roots. Start a TV channel in all languages to promote and educate Indian cultural heritage, arts, music etc. Indians will start realizing their worth to mother earth once we connect them to the roots.

0 0 I am from Uttar Pradesh . Properties/heritage landmarks connected with India's history, culture, freedom struggle are also found abroad. Unfortunately as i see little has been done to save them and restore them there, largely due to utter ignorance about them here. I just want to say that Ministry of Culture should take a strict and planned step to save our historical culture and this should be done directly by central government .

2 0 Govt should make all Jyotirlingas and Char Dhaam ( Dwarka, Rameshwaram, Puri, Badrinath ), Tourist centers, and spend money to make them clean and Beautification.

2 0 1) IndiaCulture website should be linked to Tourism website
2) e-library should be created & linked to web
3) Schools should be encouraged to take students to historical place by giving them free entry (if fee is charged)
4) Govt. should arrange summer camps (free) for school students near historical places
5) e-basta should have free books on historical sites/monuments
6) Schools should invite Historians as guest lecture atleast once in a year.

0 0 Sriman pradhanmantri ji aap ko sadar pranam .aapke dwara sabhi kaam sarahniye hai .aap aise ki kaam karte rahe bhagwan se yehi prathna hai .bhagwan aapko adhik shakti aur samarth pradan kare .srimaan ji aap se vinarm nivedan hai ki aap apne sansadiye chetra me bhagwan vishvanaath ji ke mandir ki yavastha sahi kare. Mandir prasasan aur waha tainaat suraksha karmi aur waha maujood pande sabhi bhakto se kamai karne me lage hai jisse bhakto ko bahut pareshani hoti hai.main pichle hi mahine waha ho k

3 0 Also Indian culture is a combination of several cultures originating from several different eras, rulers, tribes, Natural circumstances (regional) etc. It's like an open Database of different journals relating to vast number of subjects where all research papers would be the various traditional, philosophical, scientific, architectural, artistic, warfare and countless other contributions made by several Indians during the timeline of Indian History.

2 0 I'd like to highlight 3 things: Research, training and show casing
1. India is rich in culture in all fields. Research must be carried out to identify analyze and understand the principles of the particular.
 Eg: What role does each raga play in the nervous system. Therapeutic &  spiritual significance, what the time of raga has to do with it. Can ragas really bring changes in the environment..under what circumstances?
What do the mudras in Bharatnatyam imply.
The need to read in between the lines of ancient scriptures. Do they convey much more than the words' literal meaning? Such as Krishna meaning dark matter the ever expanding Universe comprises of all other matters as is portrayed in the scripture. The need is to not take it religiously but in the curiosity to discover the truth.. may it be taken from anywhere.
2. There are several prodigy children born in India who are extremely talented in music/Art/Dance/Literature etc. Collaborating with the HR ministry it'd be ideal to help these children seek special training as early as possible to excell themselves in what they're naturally gifted with.
3. Even if they excel, unless there is a platform to showcase their talent and enthusiastic audience who seek for such talents it'll go in vain. Talent cannot always wait for reality shows. Creating a talent friendly environment is very important.

1 0 I would like to say that by improving the class work from the beginning.
There is lot of changes in the education system this is were we can retrieve our history and culture.

0 0 If you go out of the country and visit a museum, they preserve everything about their culture, their ceremonies including vessels they use, holy scriptures and the like.
I have not seen any museum in India to preserve traditions. Nobody will know the different traditions from some other community. There should be museums to bridge this gap. So that a person can visit a museum and get to know the culture, beliefs and ideas from a particular community.

