3 0 PDF file on the subject is attached. 
0 0 There has to be an audit on the incoming payments that India is supposed to receive by certain international treaties such as the Indus Waters Treaty (IWT), for example. Consider the IWT,1960 as an example here- as per Annex H, when the World Bank used to administer the treaty-X percent of A (working expenses)+B(Fixed expenses of 110,000 pounds) was supposed to be paid upto 1963. Later India and Pak were supposed to arrive at a formula for payment to be made by Pak. Pls ref attachment 
0 1 Its an open secrete that its China's support behind the activities conducted by Pakistan against India, so if Pakistan frighting us of Nuclear war, we should forward same to China saying that if Pakistan attacks India then India will attack China with Nuclear weapon, it may look insane but let us not look at that to save the integrity and sovereignty of INIDA. 
3 1 No use with all these suggestions.Think over save human values to give birth to good feeling generation to make India as heaven All these tactics will make people prostitutes in near future.Think over 24 hours for good generation.except that nothing in world. 
5 0 General compartments in express train. It is a main problem that, many express trains have only two general compartments.The people who have no reservations are deprived of their train journey due to heavy rush in express trains. Hence request to consider to increase general compartments in express trains to avoid heavy rush and acciedents. 
1 0 City Development should be well planned with infrastructures targeted for the population growth for minimum next twenty years. Majority of Indian population is not able to afford the high cost of real estate developments. One solution is to promote high rise buildings, wide roads, corridors (space) for future infrastructures, etc. 
0 0 allow black money to come back in the country as tax free and without any punishment(for a limited period) if they invest the money in key and required infrastructure sector. in return investor will remain the owner and the profits will belongs to him. this will be motivation factor  and helps in bringing black mpney in the country. 
0 0 When we common man talk of infrastructure we focus on interior roads with poth holes and are accident prone. Kindly implement an accountable municipal system all through the nation that is robust to control these issues, may be dividing few kms under a accountable micro municipal group makes it easier to handle, repair and maintain. Which is absent in the current system. A counter supervisory central municipal system to audit and to prevent corruption would benefit all. 
3 0 Sir, my view is that first of all we choose the suitable persons for suitable work.  then only any task can be get achieved.  Even in government sectors also there are so many employees with best and good skilled.  we can utilise their services more for the development of country.  If you can provide an opportunity for them they give best results. 
3 0 एक नया मॉडल प्रस्तुत करे,जहा रोजगारी की 100% गारंटी हो,यदि आप 80% लोगो को भी रोजगार दे पाये,तो हमारा लक्ष्य पूरा हो जायेगा।पर आज तो 100 लोगो में से 1 को ही अच्छे रोजगार का अवसर मिल पाता है।बेशक भारत दुनिया का सबसे बड़ा युवा देश है,लेकिन इस युवा शक्ति का उपयोग भी करे।बेरोजगारी ही देश की अवनति और भ्रष्टाचार का सबसे बड़ा कारण है,क्योकि यदि 15 करोड़ युवा बेरोजगार बैठे है,इसका मतलब भारत को प्रतिदिन का कम से कम 100 रूपए प्रति व्यक्ति के हिसाब से 1500 करोड़ रूपए प्रतिदिन का नुक्सान हो रहा है। 
0 0 sir like darpa of USA there a lot of research is going in advance robotic weaponary and advace warfare comflage. there are various companies workin in advance robotics how and when despite of conern regarding IT sector the opportunites will be given to robotics and electronics in india . i want that india became superpower soon and other countries take technology from us not vice versa i want the message reaches to pm sir and a serious step is taken to develop labortories in robotic weapnry 
0 0 when I say integrated development plan means it should cover measured area around any particular govt.'s new infra project wherein a special dp must be applicable and not the already existing one. 
0 0 Hello, As per my idea, when Govt. plans an infra project, say for example a bridge, it should not consider just building up a bridge, but an integrated development plan should designed such that if any private party trying take undue benefit or advantage of such projects should come under local &/or central govt. regulations wherein government is benefited as well the private party under controlled price. This will put chains on rich private investors and help genuine investments. 
0 0 I wish to provide facilities for bath rooms on wheel where the need is. Smart bathrooms! 
0 0 News of devaluation of our currency.     Its not at all in our countries interest  to let our rupee devalue mainly because we are net importers and large borrowers in the World and invariably input cost of our porducts as many inputs are imported and thus will affect our exports. The correct way to check imports and increase exports is incentives, duties and taxations. 
0 0 My View is totally different, Last many years we have seen that private sector has contributed big way in education sectors in India, Similarly government must come with plan each and every sectors with private and public participation. you cannot ignore private development in India. We need similar way plan and program where government agencies shall be working with private investors similar way like education sector Education sector is excellent examples for government to follow ready carefuly 
0 0 1.Electricity from Solar Energy to have major share in power production.Drinking water from Sea water.to eliminate water shortage .Earthquake energy harnessing..Extensive use of Polymers to preserve Environment and Forest.5.Extensive use of Nuclear Energy for Power Generation.6.Extensive use of Telecommunications to Guide all Human Activities.7.Tidal power harnessing. Eliminate armed forces from all nations and have common pool of Armed Forces resources (May be continent wise) to eliminate Huge 
0 0 1.Electricity from Solar Energy to have major share in power production.Drinking water from Sea water.to eliminate water shortage .Earthquake energy harnessing..Extensive use of Polymers to preserve Environment and Forest.5.Extensive use of Nuclear Energy for Power Generation.6.Extensive use of Telecommunications to Guide all Human Activities.7.Tidal power harnessing.Eliminate armed forces from all nations and have common pool of Armed Forces resources (May be continent wise) to eliminate Huge 
0 0 The circle rate within 2 km radius should be increased. Also yearly development fee should be applied to all land for minimum 10 years to recover development cost. 
0 0 # Value Capture Finance Draft National Policy Note on Value Capture Finance The Government policy hitherto has been to make heavy investments in the vital sectors of the economy where private players were either barred or their entry prohibitively costly. The failure of the successive Government to monetize the gains from investments and reap benefits from Value Capture Finance has been basically on account of peculiar Public Sector Culture and near absence of accountability, except to s 
0 0 #Value Capture Finance My suggestions are enclosed in the file attached 
0 0 An Infrastructure Deposit scheme should be launched through Banks as similar to saving account .A depositor should be given higher rate of interest a comparison to saving account. And deposits under this account must have a lock in period and Tax exemption may be given on such deposits.An appreciation certificate may also be imparted to the depositors recognizing their contribution for the nation development. With an  unified rate for the compensation for the land acquisition may be given. 
0 0 R&D and production capabilities of defence establishments such as HAL, DRDO, ISRO, NHAI, BRO, shipyards should be expanded and multiplied on war footing despite financial barriers. Necessary bandwidth among institutions should be created in  order to invent new generation technology capabilities with more employment and use of vast talented youth population. Let us gear up our nation to thwart future national security challenges which are foreseen by experts. Defence friendy thrust is a must. 
0 0 Sir all Heritages or historical monuments are our real recognition or other people can identified us due to them. for example people in other country can identify us as  Mr/s. X he/she is belongs to country of Konark or Taj Mahal, so we have save our glorious past. My Proposal Is all historical monuments should be direct control by Central Govt.with total Area just like Union territories and direct control of ASI and other Central Authorities. Please save them before too late. Save it. 
0 0 Respected PM Our country has a glorious heritage.This is being damaged beyond repair bcoz of our negligence and apathy. ASI is hardly contributing to lessen the damage. One programme on TV EKAANT on EPIC channel is showing the reality of their status. Kindly make an expert team to save and protect it before it is too late. 
1 0 Put VCF tax on private property owners. 
1 0 No point discussing SC decision on Keveri and violence that follows/ed each time. Water sharing has been n will b an issue. The only long term solution is joining north Indian rivers with peninsular rivers. http://m.ndtv.com/india-news/godawari-krishna-inter-linking-of-two-massi... If AP chandrababu naidu can link godavari n Krishna why not extend this to link ganga, Mahanadi, godavari, krishna and kaveri? Yes lot of investment is involved but is worth. 
0 0 vidyut kshetra me naye aavishkaron se sarkar vijli bachane ka prayas kar sakti hai . parantu sabse jyada bachat tab hogi jab sarkar vidyut free me batna band karegi . bill chukane walon ka hath switch par rahta hai .lekin chori karne walo ya free me pane walo ka nahi .bidambana ye hai ki vidyut vibhag hani ka bhugtan imandar connection dhariyon se basulta hai . bijali muft me milti hai to log bachat ke upay bhi nahi apnate . log jiski keemat chukaate hai uski keemat bhi samjhate hain. 
2 0 On National policy the main issue is water management, till today after SC dissicion their is voilence in karnatak & tamil nadu on Kaveri water, in my other view i have concern about water i.e river union. Today TN & kar are fighting for water but in feature inter state should also face such problem. So to overcome this problem the River union should be completed at war level, stop all mega project except defence to cover River project. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री सर प्रणाम सर अभी भारत में बेरोजगारी बहुत बड़ी समस्या है मेरे पास एक योजना है जिसमें एक वर्ष के अंदर 20 LAC लोगों को नौकरी मिलेगा! और भारत मैं हेल्थ की क्षेत्र में तस्वीर बदल जाएगी, मुझे एक ऐसा कोई जरिया चाहिए जिससे पूरी योजना आप तक पहुंचा सके मैं विश्वास दिलाता हूं यह योजना भारत  के हेल्थ क्षेत्र में क्रांति ला देगा! कैलाश मिश्रा Mo no 9211112248, 9654792148 
0 0 प्रिय महोदय , जीतने भी पुराने पुल धरण (डॅम) ईनकी उम्र बढ सकती है केवल उनपे जो पेड उगे है उन्हे साफ करके मरम्त कि जाये तो उन उगे हुवे पेडो की मुलीयों के कारण बांधकाम कमजोर होकर उसका नुसकान और हानी का कारण हो रहा है 
0 0 Apart from just monetary value to be shared, there should be a mechanism in place to make such private owners / industries responsible for the cleanliness of the area. This way a non-monetary benefit is passed on to the Government in the form of achieving the goals of Swacch Bharat campaign. Examples can be investments in equipment/motor vans which can clean the roads, placing of bins at short distances, recycling of waste. 
0 0 New plots and land given to private colonies on basis of terms and conditions firstly pass an act in Parliament regarding to new properties sold on basis of terms &condition if in future land is to be needed by govt. Relating for ambitious projects it can be taken by govt easily and govt. have agree to pay 3times more than market value or provide land in other place or market. Finance may be taken from municipal coroporation in various Projects in 40:60 ratio. 
0 0 PACKAGE SCHEME OF INCENTIVES ANNOUNCES Y THE STATE GOVERNMENT. AWARENESS OR DETAILS PROGRAM   & FEEDBACK COMPULSORY. 
0 0 IN MY OPINION COURSE ON SELF DEVELOPMENT,YOGA & SPIRITUAL STUDY TO BE MADE COMPULSORY AT ALL SCHOOLS. 
2 0 The Governments are incurring huge expenditure at infrastructure without addressing the primary issues of why the need has arisen. The cities are bulging, requiring better infrastructure and thus attracting more people which nullify all efforts. The case study can be for Delhi where we have all Ministries and Headquarter. Can't Ministry of Textile, Shipping, Commerce & Industry or Education etc be established at say Surat, Chennai, Mumbai and Chandigarh respectively. This would de-congest Delhi. 
1 0 RAILWAY HAS AMPLE PROPERTY BUT USELESS SO IN MY OPINION BIG SHOPPING MALL,SCHOOLS,HOSPITALS & OTHER GOVERNMENT OFFICES MAY BE CAN MAKE USE OF THOSE UNUSED LAND ON LEASE. 
0 0 Providing Water to districts like Latur by train was a great achievement. it is indeed difficult to address problems of Water starvation in remote parts of India. Only physical transfer of Water is possible for states like Telangana. Trains can serve as efficient mechanism for Indian states starving of Water. States with excess Water need to conserve and store Water. This Water can be moved to regions affected by water starvation. 
0 0 Instead of talking about poverty line now talk about lifting families above prosperity line which may be defined say as the minimum wage GOI declares;Institutions like NABARD should be mandated to focus and lift people above prosperity line and not poverty line which is ridiculous at $1/day 
0 0 Most important value capture keeping future in mind is of saving rivers and river water and river sands.This has to be done making task forces of states which share river .All dams,ponds, iondustrial activity, pollution must be controlled by states evolving a joint law including tax on food stuff;also interlinking rivers can be poart of the same task force;please note several rivers have died and these need to revived and IITs and IIIT need to study all rivers for sustaining them 
0 0 One suggestion for VCF.  India should have a new Capital. In 1920, when Capital was shifted to Delhi, it was thought to be the centre of India.  Now in view of the security threat from North Western front and the current confusions in governance issues in Delhi, I feel Government of India should think in terms of new capital somewhere bordering UP, MP and Bihar (on the lines of Washington DC of USA).  Many smart cities are being created, why not one of them becomes the New Capital of India. 
0 0 If government is serious on getting the maximum output and finish projects in time the only way that the projects should have fund allocated before start of project. The vendor or contractor is paid on time bound basis of bills of contractor and marking the lowest a contractor can go. The next step should be in case of dispute which is normally payment related to be resolved time bound (one month). Tender conditions cannot be one sided or again st the law. you can projects before time. 
0 0 To arrange finance for infrastructure and development is possible under PPP mode and BOT model as happening in case of constructions of highways. Govt. may always increase the stamp duty of surrounding land to get the benefits of such new infrastructures and development. A new development cess may also be introduced which may go directly in the kitty of Central Government. However there is also a need to fix the period upto which the private party maintain such project to recover their cost. 
0 0 There should be more accountability for public sector contractors engaged in roads, parks and public infrastructure. Severe punishment should be incorporated in terms of hefty fines for poor quality of work and blacklisting for repeated instances, in the proposed policy on value capture finance. For example, a municipal park in our locality is renovated multiple times in the span of last 11 years, with public spend of more than 10 crore rupees. The same is still not fit for use. 
0 0 Ref: Tensions between States (like Karnataka and TN) on sharing river waters. Right time now to call a meeting of all States, tell them Centre will fund enhancing value delivered by rivers by 50% thru better sharing, yet better utilization of water. A Commission may be set up to identify the current water availability & utilization of water, link rivers, use modern methods like drip irrigation to utilize water better, to give 50% more value. Let Centre bear the costs from its River Linking Fund. 
0 0 Create a policy for 'River connection across India' and for River Nationalization 
0 0 Create a policy for River Nationalization across India 
0 0 What we had more is population. As of now its like curse on our contry dont let groth happen . There is not a single agenda where we are united. WE had to utilise our manpower for growth. We are still backwards in education. We had o focus on india education keep above politic and train people to send our manpower out to bring growth to nation. we had to give power & freedom to people to start on project without hassle of system approval. You cant start anything in india , so many rulessssssssss 
0 0 Honorable PM sir Congratulation fro this portfolio. You give citizen freedom to expression & write. I wan to suggest that Surajya & Good Governance can only be possible when all people given Basic freedom which are written in constitution. Make all departments responsible for work & output. Make all system fair. Speedy judiciary & justice to common man. Today after 69 years of independence many people stay like slaves and freedom for them is still remains a dream. Thanks jai Hind 
0 0 PM SAHEB, please bring a policy for hawkers and foot path for walking as earliest possible . In Mumbai all politicians,RTO,BMC,police,goondas are one. We are staying like hell in Mumbai.you havee to take personal interest. Thank you Kishore parmar 
0 0 Pmji, I would like to know,if I don't want to see any Channel except Doordarshan and all freee channels,why should I go to Set top box.??? It should be free for all ,everywhere.or easily get cheap set top box. 
1 0 As I am staying in Mumbai,Andheri west,1st metro started from jp.rd.before Metrorail. Our road is opened for both side, but after Metrorail,we have only one way.road is like bottle neck because of Metrorail pillers. There are few pillers are very near from road side shops.@ only 5'-0" . Now I don't understand one side you are giving facilities and from one hand you snatching.very bed condition of jp rd.please if possible you have to take personal interest sir. Kishore parmar 0932228620 
0 0 Sir, My views are as per attached .pdf file. Thanks 
1 0 भ्ाारत एक महान राषटर् है समसया अाज नीलगाय व अनुपयाेगी गाय के बछड व भ्ैंसा हैं िजससे देश्ा की मुख्य जनता काे नुकसान हाे रहा है। क`िष सेना की अावश्यकता बहुत ही जर0941री है िजससे बेराजगारी का अन्त कर भ्ाारत सर्वाेच्च िश्ख्ाख्ार पर पहुॅच सकने में काेइर् संदेह नहीं हाेगा। 
1 0 Converting Waste to wealth, through skill development and job creation. 
1 0 Dear PM Sir, If govt collect only Rs 1/- for Each Citizen each day it will amounting to Rs 125 Crore in a day and Rs 45,625/- Crore in a year, so such huge fund will will help in reduction of foreign debt. 1) Sir for Collection Debit Rs 1/- from each Bank Account 2) collect Rs 365/- as direct tax mandatory and amount is small for individual but big for govt 3) Introduce flat Rs 1/-as welfare cess 4) Open one account of govt in which such amount can be deposited. Sir Plz think on it. 
0 0 Now the time came, we should bring the #MPs and #MLAs salary under taxable amount. They are already getting all the basic facility free of cost, then, why their salary is not coming under taxable amount. Every citizen of India is paying tax except #politicians. Pleas bring them as well under tax umbrella. 
0 0 We need to move towards cashless country. This will be the best way to stop the #black_money creation. And also when all transaction will happen cashless, then no one can hide the high income. 
0 0 Dear Sir, you are trying to growing India like never before because you take our biggest problem as an advantage which is POPULATION. But if you are not taking care of youth's destination they all will be wayward.Crime rate goes on and the dream of your to see our India a happy and prosperous one will only be a dream. I know its not the correct discussion place to discuss this but what I feel is this is the prior topic we should care and discuss about than other topics. Regards and ATB. 
1 0 Sir desh se baad khatm karne k liye main ne ek project banaya h. aur plastic k recycleing k liye bhi. So pls help me 
1 0 Sir, is it nice for a PM to allow a pvt Company to use his name for a new brand like jio in the name of digital India? Please don't allow any one to point out it. Thanks 
0 0 Some Suggestions 1. Govt should be selective in applying VCF charges only to actual beneficiaries from infrastructure projects. 2. VCF charges can be recovered in form of infrastrucutre cess, additional cess can be charged on product, service sales transaction. 3. Additional cess can be charged on top of stamp duty to recover VCF charges. 4. Govt should be careful on not to over burden citizens with levies & taxes.Govt is already taxing citizens to make funds for executing projects. 
0 0 1.Ring dev.policy asper population size of town city  must form 2. house plan approve as per family size3. village dev. Policy  from natural resources is must. 4.Waste ful consumption of natural resource strict banned. Plan must prepare on tech. Ground not on polytical para mtr.5. Rail net work in every approchable part is cheapest source .6.road devlopment should connect privet public partner ship. 
0 0 1.Ring dev.policy asper population size of town city  must form 2. house plan approve as per family size3. village dev. Policy  from natural resources is must. 4.Waste ful consumption of natural resource strict banned. Plan must prepare on tech. Ground not on polytical para mtr.5. Rail net work in every approchable part is cheapest source .6.road devlopment should connect privet public partner ship. 
0 0 I think we should start using of see water and waters of big river near the see level from where it becomes salted; So let us make two water plant  on the connecting point of Bay of Bengal and Arabian see ; 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आज भारत के अधिकतर क्षेत्रों में बाहुबलियों का जोर चल रहा है वह अपने अपराध जगत की दुनिया के कुशलता के आधार पर जीवन के अधिकतर क्षेत्रों पर राज कर रहे हैं और धन कमा रहे हैं उनके काले धन का कोई हिसाब से नहीं हो रहा है वह आप की 30 सितंबर की चेतावनी से भी नहीं डरते क्योंकि वह उस का रास्ता खोज chuke होंगे आज वित्तीय अनियमितता भारत को खोखला बना रही है इसलिए वित्ती की अनियमितता को रोकने के लिए डिजिटल लेन-देन सुनिश्चित करना आवश्यक है इसको कठोरता से लागू करने की महती कृपा करें। 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी भारत में मूल्य निर्माण के लिए सबसे आवश्यक कर्म वित्तीय भ्रष्टाचार को मिटाना है इसके लिए वित्तीय प्रचलन को मुद्रा से हटाकर डिजिटल स्वरुप में किया जाना चाहिए समस्त भारतीय बैंकों में भारतीयों के लिए सिर्फ एक खाता और आधार कार्ड तथा एक मोबाइल नंबर  को खाते से जोड़ा जाए तथा वित्तीय लेन-देन को मोबाइल पर धन हस्तांतरण के द्वारा संभव बनाने को विकसित किया जाए यदि वित्तीय भ्रष्टाचार को समाप्त कर दिया जाए तो निश्चित रुप से भारतीय मूल्य अपने चरम पर पहुंचेंगे व  सबका साथ सबका विकास होगा। 
1 0 No one will avoid or be silent hearing the noble cause and benifits to nation after hearing ARMY WELFARE FUND as we all should feel government means we all and every citizen.Detailed info to reach every citizen with user friendly procedure is Govt responsibility.Then you see how the responses go beyond many folds than a rupee. Every one of us contribute with humiliation. Thanks to give me this opportunity by Modi Ji Govt 
2 0 Army welfare fund is welcome by every citizen of India.Who fight for our country and safeguard all lives sacrificing with bravery and patriotism.Now every one f us want to contribute the Army Welfare Fund.But many can not follow to ads to take the bank AC no IFSC code in a short telecast.So. I feel the bank particulars to be sent via sms to all citizens and to repeat programmes in doordarsan and social media how to transfer or deposit. Also post offices can and all private and psu banks 
1 0 If government looks to charge for water and commission desalination plants along the coast lines, may be we can reduce over dependence on seasonal rains and have a source of water that will not exhaust. City dwellers can be asked to pay for the water consumed. Will also help conservation efforts. Saudi Arabia has a water pipeline with desalinated water going from Jeddah to Riyadh. 
1 0 Developed cities like Mumbai are currently in overdevelopment and there is just no space to increase infrastructure. There should be more tax breaks for people willing to move to less developed areas to reduce infrastructure pressure. Also, overdevelopment takes a severe toll on health and well-being. In Gurgaon, it is now almost now over-developed. DLF Phase 1 to DLF Phase 4 used to be 10 minutes drive in 2004 and now it is much much longer. Peace of mind cities are essential. 
0 0 After land is procured by a builder or a developer, it should be developed with defined number of years. Failures to do that result in lower values for future parcels that may be sold. Also, infrastructure for nascent development is a high cost, which needs to be split and premiumised for others who may wish to continue development. Also, as part of infrastructure efforts, it is time to meter water consumption and bill consumers accordingly. It will help conserve and also sustain good projects. 
0 0 Dear Sir, With respect to the Land and Property developers and owners. I think the main problem is not how to provide them land, freedom from bureaucracy, provide ease of license, ease of labor, ease of  operations. The main concern is how to pass on these benefits of government efforts to the common, middle-class, fixed wage earners (leave alone to the poor or the ones who are BPL).I think the criteria to run-approve their projects must include the rules and terms they use to deal with EndUser. 
1 0 Sir, I would like to bring your kind notice that if we can convert our DTH Disc to Solar energy disc with the help of our technology or ministry of new and renewable energy to generate soler energy which will less dependency on conventional resource as well as entertainment too. Currently we have 55981376 DTH operator or DTH Disc as per report of community data.gov till dt 31.12.2015. It is my humble request to you to intervene in the matter 
0 0 Sir When justice delayed is justice denied then how value added finance can be captured so kindly bring right to justice and Lokpal for time bound decisions at every stage so that public may feel relax against red tapism 
0 0 Sir, I am of the opinion that about 70% population must bring above poverty line so kindly open justice clinic in each panchyat samiti to examine poverty and provide help to below poverty families then they may be asked to stand up with self employment 
0 0 Sir, in our country one of the main issue is how to earn daal, roti for poor n black money for rich people. For food policy I have an idea how we can save wastage of food grains in our country n we will do proper distribution to our country person , it will help in comedown the prices of food grains , daal and rice etc. As u r policy PPP model will help in this scheme - all fci campus will be became coruption free if we will apply PPP MODEL from purchase to distribution of food grains. 
0 0 On "Draft National Policy Note on Value Capture Finance" In present model of financing of public infrastructure, expenditure is mostly born by EITHER (a)Government by subsidy OR (b)Public by User Charges. However another option (C) i.e. Beneficiaries shall be implemented. I will submit a brief note on the same shortly. 
1 0 Sir, I have an idea how to improve food policy in India that every person will get pulses,rice ,wheat etc. in proper manner n with economic cost n we can control wastage of wheat  ,rice in FCI Just change a policy in FCI Pl tell me how can I demonstrate my idea in front of u 
0 0 In respect to improvements in custom process, I want to suggest that, all the procedure of billing should be made online, there should be common system of  billing, which can easily be cross verify by online process, It will be more transparent & fair, the chances of fraud can be minimised, further, it can be verified from initial stage of borading of goods to unloading and release of goods from port or godown, while physical movement should be made under CCTV camara  etc., best wishes 
0 0 We are heading in our each commitment towards the development is appreciable. I would suggest that the public participation in any development work would be a good gesture. Those who are interested to sponsor the roads and other infrastructural activities, poverty alleviation schemes, other economic activities etc.  required for development  may be encouraged. Contracts should be awarded to right/clean person in case of roads and other fields so as prolong the life of roads & other things. 
0 0 please see the attachment 
0 0 idea of recovering investment is good. but suggested Idea is not enough, certain idea will help to improve recovery 1.in case of Express way ,land near by exit of such road is to be acquired by govt. and that is to auctioned on premium rate.    2. same in case of Railway Project such as bullet train,same procedure is to adhere near by Railway Station.3.in case of DFCC govt. can proposed Draft Planing by special purpose on land parallel up 500 mtr. on both side and cut land by 40% from land owner 
0 0 Just like the "GIVE IT UP" option for LPG subsidy, why doesn't the government start a "GIVE IT UP" scheme for RESERVATION of the reserved categories who are economically able and do not require reservation any more! The seats/posts vacated in such a manner may be provided to economically weaker people of the society who need them. 
0 0 In continuation of my previous massage My suggestion is to realease retention money or security deposit of contractor after completion of defects liability period by RNB on approval of the organisation using the facility or infrastructure. This will surely improve the quality of work and less maintenance problem of infrastructure!! 
0 0 I have seen the PWD and R&B departments don't force the contractors to repairs the defects during defects liability period of construction work. The complaints regarding repairs and maintenance are made numerous times to these departments but they seem least bother about it. The amount of retention money or security deposit is released to the contractor by PWD or RNB without approval of the user who are actually using the building or organis. 
0 0 In respect to improvements in custom processes, I want to suggest that, the procedure should be simple and maximum use of advance technology in paper work as well as movement in physical goods. Loading and unloading of goods from vessel should be speedy and accurate without damages of goods, CCTV camara should be installed at all the area of port and also in offices.further, Godown or storage of goods should be updated with advance technology to move the goods with comfort and safety,best wishes 
0 0 Sir, I suggest that government should have a commercial flying licence scheme for budding pilots to start there own small airlines with even a two seater aircraft. Commercial licences should be cheap with a cost not more than 1 lakh. Govt should allow small private airport's with a one time licences fees to accomodate small single engine aircrafts. This will revottionalise flying,building indigenous aircrafts, connect India, boost tourism and improve employment. 
0 0 It is true that there is going to be substantial value enhancement whenever government spends money and the roads and infrastructure there gets even doubled or tripled because of that. However, it may be difficult for govt to redeem as they simply say "Did I ask for this?", "Where is the appreciation realized by me?" etc. There is a very easy solution for this. Government can INCREASE the property value and on sale, the STAMP DUTY solvages revenue for govt and share by State and Center. 
0 0 VCF is a must and pricing of government assets should be done very judiciously. Attached find an small suggestion. 
0 0 vande mataram...why not?financial years... 
0 0 top level of company in our corporates making hundreds of crores of while showing loss in balansheets..your income disclosure programe is very nice.please do something that corporate to low level company all will do employee related thing ya financial thing in clear email or they must have website.. Thank you sir 
1 0 TO STOP CORRUPTION 
0 0 1/2. We can use this for revenue generation and also for Swach Bharat mission. Some time govt outsource this to private agencies. But its not an smart move we also need to control the unauthorised advertisements and give city a Nice view. For this make strict law for such unauthorised activities. 2. Collect fine from such advisors. 3. Fix bidding process. 4. Beautification of such place shall be responsibility of advertisers. 1/2 
0 0 No come to value capture finance VCF. Since India is a welfare state it is not fully recommend to go for VCF model but since it is also important for govt generate revenue for its welfare scheme's it is better options to go for VCF rather then increasing tax rates. Below are few suggestions! 1. Earn from advertisements. Most of the govt properties roads or other public places are fully packed with lots of adds which also gives unhygenic view. 1/1 
0 0 respected sir, i want to sugg u that, if we start a period in which children will aware or gain a knowlegde to how to tackle the daily life problem for example if they know what we have to when someone is facing problem from diesases like fever, accident on road there are so many problem in daily life that we can solve from the little knowledge kindly understand what am trying to say & also start a current affairs & general knowlegde period once in a week becoz children are veryweek in gk #mygov 
0 0 2. Reduce difference between rich and poor by financial reforms (not as per IMF or world Bank) 3. Make system transparent and Govt. Officials accountable to reduce corruption. 4. Develop a nation where no one has to worry about basic needs for future and thereby creating society who will fight for values. 5. Love all the people of your country. 6. Remember Black money is generated by Govt. Officials by making corruption freindly policies and rules and regulations. 7. Scrap Income tax. 
0 0 There are basic flaws in our system such as 1. Land is considered as asset. 2. Money is the only criteria of judging person. 3. We created a society where ethics, morals, values etc. Have become cowards words!! In Gujarati, there is saying Jar (money), Jamin (land), and joru (unchaste) are root cause of all fights. If you look at our current system, we are exactly moving towards disaster. With this background, the solution lies in the same. 1. Levy tax on every inch of land. 
0 0 1/2 points should be considered. 1. Set national procurement single window system for center and state agencies. 2.three tier quality asurence and audit system by. Govt agency, third party agency and public audit system. 3. On random basis cross audit can be conducted. 4. Set cyber audit system. 5. Standard accounting protocol for all agencies involved in such system. 6. Accounting should be done on govt accounting tool. 7. Development of national information & project info sys 
0 0 Sir,the basic issue is leakage of govt investment. On average 30 to 80 percent of govt expenditures get converted to black money or losses every year and this is the reason why we are still a developing county. Its is well known fact that current govt procurement system or tender system is the major source of revenue leakage. Now the time has come when we have to re set the smart mechanism, my suggestion is to set national accounting protocol for such player involved in this. 1/1 
1 0 TAX Policy for Employee from Inter-state Government should apply tax of 12.5 percent on employer for Inter-state employment. It will help for increase level of resources of respective state and also promote job opportunities for locals.#mygov #moud #policy #valuecapturefinance 
0 0 I have a project ideas about self cleaning public toilets. if govt will  support my ideas or any other organisation will encourage my projects 
0 0 sir,we will take survey  for unemplyment youth list from rural areas . we must give them opportunity  for income source in their area.  we never calculate educational basis only on age wise,this will be prevent immoral activities in our country. we never sit any ideal person in india.they are virus likedoing criminal activities. I have  some example project about this like , why we provide kiosk type pettyshop every 500mtrs in NH road in India ? and also more ideas I have suggest. 
0 0 Pradhan mantri ji jo policy h wah ek dam shi h lekin bas police sahi tarike se sanchalit ho.....drafting me sarkar ko achhi rakam mil sakati h jo gdp ka ek achha bhag hoga bas niyam ka palan shi ho....aor vishesh dyan gov. Karmchari pr hi ho. 
1 0 In respect policy about value capture finance, I want to suggest that, there are require some changes in accounting method in government concern, Though govt. is not profit oriented concern, but, the real position of sources and application of funds and the investment made in project, the value of assets and liabilites etc. should be maintained and prepared, it should be very much useful for speedy growth, by analysing the real position of financial statements of such assets & liabilities,thanks 
0 0 Two quick things that will boost the national interests. 1. Farmers need to adopt community farming or corporate farming. Farmers can lend their land to corporates for farming under regulation from government or teach to their local community as one learn from a new things. Make a place for that farmer to reach out in each village and details will be jotted down on paper. If it is found helpful it will be distributed to each farmer in that locale. 2. Start Railway Engineering in IIT's. 
0 1 GDP has slowed down. The biggest contributor is construction sector. Need to thoroughly understand why your best policy for housing is not reaching to people. I can create appealing visual to promote the same and considerably increase in home buyers. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I hope one day you will definitely come out with this idea with various modifications and announce it in your Mann Ki Baat Programme in Radio. Thank you once again, Sir for giving me this opportunity to speak out my views on this big social problem which is ruining the life of common man who lives in villages far from urban areas where medical facilities do not reach. With deep respects and full of hopes from you, Sir. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, We have to plan for the future.  Start a new course like 3 years duration in medical field. The Science students with B.Sc and M.Sc should be trained in this field with basic knowledge in medical using latest technology along with practical training and they should be posted in the rural areas where the qualified doctors refuse to work.  This is the only way we can solve the problem and we don't have any other option left, if at all we are interested in this area. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, After so many years of freedom, I find very little change in common man especially the poor farmer.  He is not cared at hospitals, he is not given ambulance, he has to carry the dead body on his shoulders, the poor man cannot afford the medical facilities  and the list goes on.  We rarely find medical facilities at rural areas, they have to travel all the way to the district headquarters for the medical help, we have very few doctors in India compared to population. 
0 0 The value is already being captured in the form of increasing stamp duty with increasing market value. 
0 0 we can issued share or born for this project , this responcibili is transfer to industri or people who is interested this project, any One purchase and sales of share like share bajar or govt.can stated business like collected fund from people in form tax and make profit this is distrubute to people who is purchase this share and after cover cost of project than after stope of collection 
0 0 [26/08 2:36 PM] Amelia Oliver: Are you ok? [26/08 2:36 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: Yes [26/08 2:37 PM] Amelia Oliver: Borrow the money somewhere and pay for the clearance today [26/08 2:37 PM] Amelia Oliver: I am busy at work [26/08 2:37 PM] Amelia Oliver: Bye [26/08 2:38 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: Today I arranged only 5000rupee [26/08 2:39 PM] Amelia Oliver: I am very upset right now [26/08 2:39 PM] Amelia Oliver: Don't let anything happen to that parcel 
0 0 Amelia Oliver: Ok [26/08 2:24 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: Me from this number [26/08 2:24 PM] Amelia Oliver: Remit the charge to them so that your parcel can be delivered to you Pandey: In present for 30000 could be 2 month [26/08 2:32 PM] Amelia Oliver: What is wrong with you Awdhesh [26/08 2:32 PM] Amelia Oliver: You talking crazy [26/08 2:32 PM] Amelia Oliver: Don't let anything happen to my money [26/08 2:33 PM] Amelia Oliver: Remit the payment to them immediately ! [26/08 2:35 PM] Awdhesh 
0 0 Amelia Oliver: Ok [26/08 2:24 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: Me from this number [26/08 2:24 PM] Amelia Oliver: Remit the charge to them so that your parcel can be delivered to you [26/08 2:28 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: But mam present i have no money [26/08 2:29 PM] Amelia Oliver: You can get the money somewhere to pay the clearance [26/08 2:30 PM] Amelia Oliver: You give back the money to the person when you get the parcel ok [26/08 2:30 PM] Amelia Oliver: The money is inside the parcel [26/08 2:31 PM] 
0 0 [30/08 15:24] Awdhesh Pandey: [26/08 1:45 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: This  is demanding 30000 for courier [26/08 2:20 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: SBI  DEEPAK TIWARI  A/C 20325351145 branch pani tanki more ifsc sbin0016612 pan no  kmpct5324G [26/08 2:20 PM] Amelia Oliver: Hello [26/08 2:22 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: This is demanding 30000 i have no money [26/08 2:23 PM] Amelia Oliver: What for [26/08 2:23 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: Parcel clearence [26/08 2:24 PM] Awdhesh Pandey: Call 8447762302 [26/08 2:24 PM] Ameli 
2 0 Dear Modiji, I have a suggestion for Solar Power generation. Instead of acquiring lot of farm land for Solar Power plants Government can use Kilometers of National Highway like rooftop model. for every 100 or 200kms Government can install sheds like setup and install roof panels like you have implemented on River Canals. Similar concept Govt Can adopt and save lot of form land. That will protect roads from extreme heat increasing the life of roads and fulfill the power requirements. Raghavendra 
0 0 Dear Modi Sir, This website mygov.in is very good. I request you to include grievances space also in this website so that we can post the issues we are facing and innovative ideas/possible solutions to improve the scenario of our nation. Thanking you in advance. 
0 0 1.under load challan of 4wheels will improve 2 rail transport promotion.3 eg deoli tonk suitable forairport covers kota jpr bhilwara ajmer bundi dist hence minimum invesment covers max.area such type location might improve connectivity.community cycle centres in cities may open deciding prime locations atone point proqurement & delivery at next point 
0 0 first of all forgot to make airport in new cities...in our state gujarat, Surendranagar city has very bad condition of road. in whole city there is only 1 to 2 roads are good otherwise all roads are in very bad condition.Inspite of making new airports, create new roads in city or society. Because middle class people dont have a need of airport. they need best road in city. 
0 0 आज मैं भारत का नागरिक होने के नाते भारत सरकार से अपील करता हूँ की कोई भी नागरिक पाकिस्तान ज़िन्दाबाद बोलता है य़ा पाकिस्तान जाना चाहता है उनसे आवेदन मांगे और ऊंकी भावनाओ का ख्याल रखते हुए उनको पाकिस्तान के बार्डर पर एक अफिडेवित के साथ छोड दिया जाय और बता दिया जाय की मेरी कोई ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं होगी इस टाईप के लोगो की अक्ल अपने आप ठिकाने आ जायेगी और भारत की जन्संख्या दर भी घट जायेगी मुझे उम्मीद है की भारत सरकार ज़रूर ध्यान देगी धन्यवाद 
0 0 1) Partner with industries for infrastructure for joint value creation. For example, it's in the interest of private companies to invest in India's infrastructure for foreign investors. 2) Commercialize infrastructure with advertisement placement in trains, digital road displays and airport merchandising. 3) Tax usage of cars 
0 0 2. If a girl belonging to upper caste , marriages a boy of SC. She should be given SC certificate within 7 days. Her parents & in-laws should be honoured on 26th January and 15th August. She should be given a good prize also. 
0 0 1. If a SC girl marriages an upper caste. Her SC certificate should remain valid till death. She & her parents and in-laws should be honoured on 15th August and 26th January. They should be given good prizes also2. If a girl belonging to upper caste , marriages a boy of SC. She should be given SC certificate within 7 days. Her parents & in-laws should be honoured on 26th January and 15th August. She should be given a good prize also. 
1 0 The Hon. PM & Govt. have very good policy to invest for development of infrastructure, the mass development in all the aspects, the development of infrastructure is very important, hence, There should be comprehensive and vast policy for it. The roads should be very advance and world class in size & quality, while airport, breeze, rail etc. should be prepared by using advance technoligy, further, it should be prepared as per necessities of next 50 to 100 years future for public use, best wishes 
0 1 Government should invest in making a Public complex or Mall ,so that the Govt. should generate large Revenues and also give Shops to public at Fare Price ,also generate Employment by making public complex or large mall.The private companies charge huge and so much amount for buying shops in Private Complex.So Government should focus on these aspects of Revenue Generation #mygov #moud #policy #valuecapturefinance 
0 0 1. The property tax collection needs to be made uniform throughout the country so that municipal/corporations get enough enough funds to stand on their feet . 2. This tax needs to be based on invest made by government e.g. In metro, fly overs etc. so rest of the state need not pay for it. 3. This property tax need to be raised time to,time and also based on factors like Buliding size,FSI etc. 
0 0 Food for thought :Thought for creating a central database for all builders, their residential housing project which attract certain score based on their past history 
0 1 ONLY ONE BANK OF INDIA(kuber) -  We can merge all government, public and private bank to make a WORLD BIGGEST BANK. In this way we can ,not only observe all accounts correctly ,but also decrease paper-time waste. In the same way we can merge all firms of same types and make a new BIGGEST FIRM of automobiles,constructions,productions, thermal powers, steels etc. 
0 0 ABSOLUTELY NO INCOME TAX -  Respected sir we collect up to 1,00,000 crore Income Tax every year ,but we loose approximately 50,00,000 crore rupees as Black money due to this tax fear. If  there will be no income tax than all money will be in INDIAN BANK only. So we can save this money in our banks. 
0 0 आज मैं भारत का नागरिक होने के नाते भारत सरकार से अपील करता हूँ की कोई भी नागरिक पाकिस्तान ज़िन्दाबाद बोलता है य़ा पाकिस्तान जाना चाहता है उनसे आवेदन मांगे और ऊंकी भावनाओ का ख्याल रखते हुए उनको पाकिस्तान के बार्डर पर एक अफिडेवित के साथ छोड दिया जाय और बता दिया जाय की मेरी कोई ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं होगी इस टाईप के लोगो की अक्ल अपने आप ठिकाने आ जायेगी और भारत की जन्संख्या दर भी घट जायेगी मुझे उम्मीद है की भारत सरकार ज़रूर ध्यान देगी धन्यवाद 
0 0 The NPS scheme being run by the government can become more efficient and the volumes may increase tremendously if the return on annuity (which presently is meagre 4-5%) after maturity is linked with government bonds and the interest income is made tax free. There should be a rider of only one annuity linked with one PRAN and only NPS corpus to be invested in order to check misuse. This will ensure sustained funding to the government and social security to the retirees. 
0 0 भारत के वित्तीय भ्रष्टाचार मिटाने का एक अच्छा तरीका होगा यदि भारतीय मुद्रा विनिमय प्रणाली को पूर्ण रुप से डिजिटल बना दिया जाए इसके लिए प्रत्येक भारतीय का आधार कार्ड उसके बैंक खाते से जोड़ा जाए यानी सभी बैंक खातों में आधार अनिवार्य कर दिया जाए और एक मोबाइल नंबर भी उसके साथ अनिवार्य रुप से जुड़ा हो धन का लेनदेन मोबाइल के द्वारा ही किया जाए चाहे वह ऑनलाइन हो या ऑफलाइन ऐसी व्यवस्था विकसित की जाए ऐसा करके ही भ्रष्टाचार हो मिटाया जा सकता है और भारत निर्माण को सफल बनाया जा सकता हैमुद्रा विनिमय सिर्फ डि 
0 0 Dear Sir Your mudra yogna to be extended to poor families in general category. Like those income less then 03 lakh rupees per year. Then every body participating in development of INDIA. SABKA SATH SABKA VIKAS,FROM GOVERMENT SIDE NO SCHEME TO DEVELOPE POOR FAMILIES IN GENERAL CATEGORY.In General Category lot of families are poor, those income less then 2.5 - 3.0 lakhs rupees per year. Kindly help to all poor families on the basis of Yearly Income of Four members in a family. 
1 0 1) Lot of money is being spent on essential commodities to distribute to the people. Only 10% is reaching the needy. To day many people are    living without work.  They are not willing to work in Agriculture, Industry, Service sectors.  Because they can survive with subsidised, without working.  As a result farmers are not getting workers also industries. 2) Most imbalanced remuneration system. Govt. employees getting abnormal salaries, for the same work very very poor pay in private sector. 
0 0 Each time I visit my home, I am impressed by the progress, especially the new Road infrastructure. I have a suggestion in this area. I find the toll gates an inevitable bottleneck for the traffic and additionally the numerous incidents of vandalism against the innocent toll booth workers. My suggestion is the adoption of RF-enabled tags on the vehicle which can be charged while crossing the Toll gates without having to stop vehicles and also no manpower is required. 
0 0 any project start government first decide time limit and complete on time limit the gov decide the project and launch than few year has stop all think no one can look the matter and work is as well as gov pending . 
0 0 Dear Sir I have a feeling to share. When roads are made, at times, though we are living in the same area, we may not be able to identify it. This is the benefit of facelift for a small road. If the same transformation happens for a size of this country, then please do imagine where we will be in global arena and hence you are always looking for quick transformation rather than gradual change.I agree with you sir. please help in AP special status matter as it will help country also 
0 0 Modi ji why cant ARM forces involve in farming. They can hire people for farming train them for farming as well as to use arms and ammunitions . Benefits can be more number of jobs, bigger military power, Army can generate revenue for it self. Proper tracking and distribution of foods through out country. 
0 0 We at Bangalore face lot of traffic jams- be it in the morningor evening or anytime especially near Electronic City, Marathahally, Whitefield, Manyatha Tech Park. I and my son Lakshman R Raju who has also posted his suggestion to shift few IT Companies to Bangalore North wherein the traffic can be diverted . 
0 0 #valuecapturefinance Nothing new in the ideas but can genertae a lot of revenue. 
0 0 Make in INDIA-Sale in India-buy in India अरबो डॉलर का कारोबार और चहुओर विकास ये है सफलता का मंत्र....चीन का ..... A Scope for Development of Trade Fair Ground at Ganga Bairaj, Kanpur हमारे प्रदेश में सैकड़ों एकड़ जमीन पर अलग अलग सरकारों ने अपनी सुविधानुसार पार्कों का निर्माण कराया और अपने हित साधे लेकिन किसी ने इस ओर ध्यान नहीं दिया की इन पार्कों पर खर्च किये गए करोड़ो रुपये का कोई लाभ भी है की नहीं बल्कि उसके रख रखाव और सुरक्षा पर सरकार को अपने खजाने से जनता का धन खर्च करना पड़ रहा है. #Policy 
0 0 Responsibility of each and every project shoud be fixed and penal action taken for delay in implementation. 
0 0 Projects taken should be completed without cost enhancement and new projects should be announced on merit rather than on political appeasement ! 
0 0 Let transparecy pervail,corruption uprooted,politics for development crushed like in case of appointment of chandigarh commissioner and administrators appointed on merit without any lobbying,infrastructure can develop manyfolds. 
0 0 Don Tapscott: How the blockchain is changing money and business http://www.ted.com/talks/don_tapscott_how_the_blockchain_is_changing_mon... © 2016 Microsoft Terms Privacy & cookies Developers English (United States) iNDIA SHOULD ASK EVERY iit AND niit TO FOCUS ON BLOAKCK CHAIN TECHNOLOGY AND deVELOP APPLICATIONS--AS THIS CAN CUT BLACK MONEY, CAPTURE VALUE ADDED AND CUR LITIGATION PARTICULARLY IF ALL CONTRACTS/CONTENT THAT NEEDS PROTECTION AND LAND ARE GEOTAGGED 
0 0 Our Soldiers are dying, people are suffering due to infiltration of terrorist,  Why can't the government take action.  Why only talking of peace;  produce videos of Pakistan Govt.ISI training terrorist and sending across for doing terrorism.  Send the videos to all the leaders of all countries in the world and copy to each major press of nations in the world.   Let the whole world know that due to State Terrorism of Pakistan, India is suffering and thereby downgrade the morale of Pakistan. 
0 0 Lend/Lease Development and Air rights should be sold. No 'Qualified Infrastructure Project' surrounding areas could be bought/sold on 'Free Hold' 40-60 years rights could be auctioned off so investor can recover and reasonably profit. When 'People's Ownership' is 'retained' in 'Largely Value Enhanced' Govt. can recover and reinvest. Reinvestment in Infrastructures should be mandated by law. Unused corps would sit and wait for new projects. 
1 0 Honorable Modi sir, I have an idea to generate electricity. I m not a scientist & have not much fund -tools for an expleriments but i think it could be work.i cant explain here in open.pl provide me confidential communication platform so i may share in detail.Also have some more ideas on Clean India campain & Insurance in private domestic tourisum. Hope have a chance to share with you. Thanks & Regards, Pankaj Raja Rajkot 08347182694 07383903840 
0 0 There should be a fixed price policy and increase in taxation policy  in the private land and private assets so that  government can recover the limited profit in proper manner so that government can increase his public funds, and public assets. 
0 0 Real AZADI from Floods and Draught circle. We have a circle of Floods and draught and Floods Both are created by us. We are facing Flooding now, will face draught later.... .......Solutions....??? 1)Rivers, Lakes, wells, water body, Nallas need Swatch Bharat Abhiyan, by removing soil + sludge from them, in April and May. 2) Plant Trees from June to October, in & around your home/ company/ Farm/ Road..... just anywhere. 3) Rasta Roko of Rain water from June to September. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir I have some suggestion regarding land acquisition bill & want to tell this to your goodself only . I do not know how to go about it AK Dhir 9417957790 
1 0 Sir for all the infrastructure related work even if we go for ppp model, we must create a new department Quality department to check the quality of work. This department should be made responsible for all the lapses along with the company that is doing the project. And a new law should be Made for the department official that can directly punish them for any lapses. Regards Ajay Sahu 
1 0 taxation will eventually be passed on to end customer. I suggest that capabilities of parties entering such zones be scaled up and leveraged whereever they intersect with government activities or public need. Consequently, government intervention at further levels such as logistics, training etc can be reduced. please find attached a summary 
0 0 In the state of Maharashtra, govt collect stamp duty every year by revising land prices. In a way, any infrastructure development result in land value going-up and this result in benefit to state governments by way of increased collection on account of stamp duty. it is the duty of state government to give account to central government for increased revenue due to infra projects. This abnormal increased revenue of state govt should go into infra fund for more development, for first five years. 
0 0 Fencing is must every villagefrom it crosses layby must houses not facing toward hiways itshould be back facing with road connectivity seatbelt & helmet must challan only on hiways not in side city in cities only challan for speed limit 4wheel must one time toll when purchased no insurance claim for defaulters 
0 0 Dear Sir, According to NITI AAYOG report, Hindustan Paper Corporation Limited under the closure of the list, only cabinet approval awaited. If it will be close down then that will be affect badly to the people of BARAK VALLEY area of ASSAM because there is only one PSU situated in this area. Need to maintenance of roads in between Baarpur to Silchar Connector. Please take some action on CBI graft case of coal mining of the CACHAR PAPER MILL issue. 
0 0 BJP Govt should REBUILD all Heritage Forts across the nation , Temples, Stupas, Towers (like Congress did to Qutub Minar & Taj Mahal) to their Glory days .... They are all of strategic importance for security forces deployment & for tourism;  all major points have them across nation and this way bring back the lost glory of each point ...It 1) generates employment, 2) generates tourism to many states 3) brings revenues 4) makes the National Assets valuable 5) brings national 
0 0 Respected Modiji, I have noticed that when ever a new road is laid in the city they don't remove and reuse  the older layer of the road but just dump new tar mix to build the road. The problem due to this is that over a period of time the level of the road rises above the house/building level thereby flooding the houses/buildings during rainy season. While at US I had seen they have a machine which removes around 2 to 3 inches of layer from the road and the new tar and gravel is filled in. 
0 0 One point which occurred to me is that some of the VCF tools, I gather, lends to add to the state's treasury and it wasn't very clear to me how this additional revenue (which is through the value added from the infrastructure projects) is adequately passed through to the relevant departments and how this pass-through is guaranteed in the legislation/policy. I suppose, making this pass through very clear and transparent, and binding if necessary, can help with continued reinvestment elsewhere. 
0 0 The policy note I felt was well written and the value capture tools outlined in the annex seem to be quite good, and to be completely honest, I wasn't able to conceive of anything more to add to the list presented. 
0 0 Govt.of Îndia has to make right to gain ownership right to back to govt.. In case of selling property to people pass bill for new properties of govt with term they had full right to get back for infrastructure project. They have to gave property ownership in any various locations which is best suited for owner business and trade. 
0 0 Firstly govt. Has to tackle to maffia raaj on various infrastructure projects which resell raw material like concrete, cements etc. In various centre funding projects either fully or partially has to inspect more and more times by various officials changes their location duties to inspect project work and material. 
0 0 Firstly govt. Has to tackle to maffia raaj on various infrastructure projects which resell raw material like concrete, cements etc. In various centre funding projects either fully or partially has to inspect more and more times by various officials changes their location duties to inspect project work and material. 
1 0 Sir, I am your fan and I can see the positive changes you are making for the people. I request you to advise your office to work to break the nexus and exploitative practices of doctors-hospitals-pharma companies-pathological laboratories across India...these services has become nightmare for the middle class and poor of India.They are the economic terrorists within our federal system. Please help the people.Sir people have great expectations from you... 
1 0 Dear PM, True transparency ideas. . 1.I can open my business account within 1.00 hrs in North America, why it is not possible in India..this is a challenge to your administration. ..because either they want to keep loopholes...to generate their own side income or do nor to be fair & honest in your development agenda..try matching or exceeding the standards 2.Link social security or indentity number ssn or sin with each business owner with a mandatory income info to income tax & employee. 
0 0 res sir mobile app ke madhyam se yadi OLX ki tarah koi app bana diya jaaye jisme har kiraayedaar ka detail & mobile sahit sabhi jankaari ho jo seedhe pin code ke aadhar per us thane se attech ho jiski jaankari photo sahit uplabdh ho jise jb chaahe surkcha ajency paa sake. aisa karne se apradhi/aatankvadi bach nahi payenge. varman me laagu pulis verification kewal khna puri bhar hai. mobile app ke jariye yakin kariye jyadatar data collect ho jaayega jo kahi se bhi dekha ja sakega 
0 0 I'm unable to find proper group for my topic, please forward this message to my dearest Pm. Sir I'm central excise Inspector and I found that all the officers of the department don't like to wear uniform. If the government has given uniform to the department than it should be mandatory otherwise it should be abolished. My view in this is that wearing uniform should be mandatory coz it makes the officers disciplined and there are also lot of other things associated with this. Regards Ajay Sahu 
0 0 Impact fees should be used on need basis for the community. 
0 0 5)CONTRIBUTION- the people of India if pay 10 Rs/per member of family as a tax to make in INDIA, then approx calcualte total INDIAN --100 crore so tak paid is-- 1000 crore it means every indian make 2 long roads monthly its nominal for every one becouse its a cost of 2 parle-g buiscuit in month or one time feed paid to baggers iam ready to pay this tax to make develope INDIA 
1 0 Land/Property-related Taxes paid by builders/developers/owners to Govt. like Registration Tax, Property Tax etc. can be hiked suitably to generate more revenue. 
1 0 Namste Sir, Mai Maharastra se Hu,Mai Ek Engineering Ka Student Hu,My Addrees A/T post: TARAPUR, Taluka: Pandharpur, mai ek chote se village se hu , hamare Village me ab tak koi bhi development nai hua hai like specally Road, Hamare Village ka Road itna Kharab hai Ki Baataya bhi nai Jata, Aaj 8-9 Year Hua Road nahi hua,koi dekhne Bhi nai Aata, Agar Emargency  me Koi pecent Hamri Road pe se le Jaye to Mar hi jayega woh pecent...Koi To Dhyan De Chote Se Village taraf,,.......  Thank You..... 
0 0 3)TAX most of peoples are not paying tax, like they are not showing his actual salary, they have their private buisness but they cant fill tax, like a person earn 1000 rs daily as a shopkeaper so he is eligible for paying tax  but he cant, make a way that each and every iligible person for tax must pay tax. make some online program for buying and paying thats make INDIA a developed country 
0 0 rahul deswal  from rohtak some suggestions for various problems- 1)POLUTION- har company aur firm ko apne employees ke liye cab facility provide kar deni chaiye jisse private vehicals kaam ho jayenge jisse unity bhi badegi aur punchuality 2)EDUCATION- make some centres in towns/villages  to gave education to rag pickers or poor peoples they are unable to go to school, person intrested to gave their free time to educate them are been welcomed. that will help nation to become literate. 
0 0 sir, sarkaar acha kaam kar rahi h par isme bahut saari khamiya h. apki saari sevao ka laabh sidhey public tak nhi ja raha, sabse badi problem hain middlers, aaj ka kishaam aur aam nagrik insab ki wajah se gareeb hota ja raha hain, kyu na aadhar card ko mool rop dekar isse imp bana kar saari suvida ispar laagu kar di jaye 
0 0 Sir, aap Swaksha Bharat Aviyan ke liye bahut paisa laga diye par isme jitna sudhar hona chahiye utna nahi hua, mera ek idea hai ki kyu na government dust/kachara karidane ka kam kare (2-5 Rs per kg), isse log apna kachra lalach me sambhal kar rakhenge bechane ke liye aur koi usse sadko tatha idhar-udhar phekega bhi nahi. Aur hum us kachre ko istemal karke uska selling price bhi nikal lenge. Log (low and middle class family) jaha kachra dekhenge wo use bechane ke lalach me use utha bhi lenge. 
0 0 I HAVE REQUEST TO OUR P.M & TRANSPORT MINISTER.THE NH34 IN WB at farakka there is rail over bridge was broken in the year2005 can not buid new bridge any govt.members are not interested to solve this problem but there was temporary road biuld to across rail trac 200 meter long  this road condition very very bad even evry day has been broken trucks tyre and long time traffic jam and another problem is the farakka barrage road is very bad every day the trucks has been broken on the bridge road . 
1 0 Transparency in collecting taxes/levies/developmental charges etc. that are fixed, needs to be ensured leaving no scope for descretion, and ensuring accountabilty of the officials entrusted with such collections will go a long way. The procedures have to be made very simple, computerised, and verifiable so as to prevent and plug leakages. 
0 0 Dear #ModiJi there is no doubt the steps your gov is taking undoubtedly an outstanding visionary steps but as comparing to the future india the road connectivity and trafic problem will be the very challenging for upcoming days so here I request you to please look after the existing 2way national highway to convert into 4way national high way associate with state gov,so it would be done smoothly.As Mr Atal bihari bajpei given a remarkable connectivity to the the nation by Golden Quadrilateral. 
0 0 NEW IDEAS FOR PRODUCTION OF VARAK (GOLD AND SILVER LEAVES) 
0 0 It's undoubtedly, highly appreciating move by Govt of India to change the Financial year from Mar to Jan.In 1985 L.K.Jha committee has suggested for the same change of financial year ,but nobody vested interest.Now the time has come to reform & transform,ancient India into modern India.India has to bring some vast change so that the fast Growing & fast changing Global economy will synchronize with perfection. 
0 0 A uniform charges for change in land use should not be levied as I earlier wrote that at same locality there can be two landlord one who want to stand on his own feet and other one want to make profit by changing land use. 
0 0 Govt. should also help to public to get benefited by approving cheep lone to groups of unemployed youths of the gram panchayats through the highway/railway/corridor is passing.Therefore the land use charges has to be less for underprivileged society along such highway which has a opportunity to start their own business.For this purpose govt. has to decide case to case basis that the land owner if want to change agricultural land to other use than what is the purpose of the deal,amount of deal 
1 0 Sir, govt. is thinking about the date of launching finance year. I think,it should be started from jan,1 2017. 
0 0 Govt. can classify  particular strips along the highway,railway routs which will attract a special charges over normal charges for change in use of lands.These strips should be identified in advance based on best possible use of the land while preliminary survey is done. This exercise will even help to re-decide the route of highway without giving political wattage.Govt. is also for the people therefore govt. should also help to public to get benefited by approving cheep lone to groups of .... 
0 0 In respect to swachchhata mission, I want to suggest that, there should be given common helpline Phone/mobile no. to public, the Municipalities or any authority to whom work of cleaning endorsed, will be make responsible to complete the job of cleaning the area or place from where the call received for cleaning within few hours , It should be same like 108 helpline for quick medical help facilities, it is necessary to take more action to complete the mission before 2019 all over India,best wishs 
0 0 In my view got both central and state should not expect more returns even though it's beneficial to builders. As govt is getting registration value, corporation taxes, employment to construction workers, service tax, vat on goods purchased for construction. The area will develop land rates will go up and when new constitution takes place more revenue will come to govt. The area selected should be in a planned manor such that it's beneficial to many parties and overall improvement in the area. 
0 0 Today I am talking about my village problem ,Four years ago made  a brize by member of parliament but at that time braze riling  did not worked .so I write pmo office and i told my problem through mail but till date not resolve this issues. in future to be any accident, who is responsible I share pmo Reg. number  PMOPG/E/2016/0291196 And also I share photo of brize  in PDF file . 
0 0 The government should introduce system of charging full toll tax at starting point itself till the destination and distribute among contractors instead having several toll collection points between 2 destinations it will reduce travel time and long queues at tollgates. 