32 2 Real Demonetisation should start from within. Let's rise high above all discriminations, regional language preferences, eradicate reservations based on regional quota in each State in interest of Team India. Any person from any state should be given job purely by merit regardless of his religion, caste, state, mother tongue. One nation, One Anthem. Swatch Bharat is the day when no Indian is denied an equal opportunity to work in any state of India. Say Loudly "I am an Indian" Jai Hind.

8 6 I lived in Canada and Canadian government make a lot money from Government organize lottery.
Indian government can start their lottery.
http://home.olg.ca/en-ca/home-page

8 0 wonder fullPM of india we got after 70years... really great..................
dont leave worst politicians and who run 70 years of poloitcs and run the rule of worst  admiinstration..byone family

16 2 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
   मैं एक छात्र हूँ दिल्ली आकर पढ़ाई करता  हूँ । विमुद्रीकरण के कारण हमें मकान का किराया देने में कई समस्याओं का सामना करना पड़ रहा है; हालाँकि मैं डिजी कैश का पक्षधर हूँ लेकिन यहाँ के मकान मालिक इसके पक्षधर नहीं हैं, जिसके कारण वो हमें धमकियाँ देते रहते हैं ।
   अतः आपसे विनम्र निवेदन है कि इस समस्या के समाधान के लिए तत्काल कोई व्यवस्था लागू करें जिससे हम छात्रों का भला हो सके।

4 0 It is said Government Officers/officials have responsibility to give foundation to vision and aspirations of political leadership. But any foundation  without innovation would be futile effort in any adventure. In Government Hierarchy there is so much stifling environment that innovation seems far cry.plz open some avenue of fresh air in this matter also. As it would serve common men a long way. I am not of opinion of any revolution against rank and file, but innovation within contour.

9 0 Sir myself (Ravi Prakash) will like to share that Shopkeepers and trader's of our area (Vikaspuri-New Delhi) have again started demanding hard cash for daily family needs and daily expenditure. Initially they were accepting Debit/Credit cards or Paytm app. But now it seems that they have gone fearless and now again demanding hard cash. So whole demonetization drive will go waste if Shopkeepers and traders did not accept Cashless Payment. Some hard action is required to check Black marketing.

8 0 Dear Sir,  please do not leave the culprits who have tried to derail the demonitization drive.Crores of new notes have been recovered from politicians,bank officials, govt servants.Please do not spare them. Punish the guilty so that others should have fear to involve/support in cheating. Please send out a strong message to the people that the guilty has to be punished and removed/debarred from their current job.People are not afraid of law because of the previous govts.We are with you sir

0 1 Dear Sir,
The financial cum cosmopolitan capital of the nation which is also miniature India - Mumbai is being mocked by regional persuasions to the extent of even renaming several English names of Old Bombay Rly stations. Going this way, day is not far when English Education might be wiped out from Mumbai stooping to vernacular standards. This hatred for English is not good for a progressing Nation. Seeing anti-English propaganda,sorry, it might be worthwhile to make Mumbai Union Territory.

5 1 Respected Sir,
Please announce some benefits through "Save Girl Child" campaign to those WHO ARE HAVING ONLY GIRL CHILDREN, instead of giving benefits to 'SINGLE GIRL CHILD'

7 0 Sir, Request  Ministry of education to send a directive to all universities /colleges /primary/secondary schools) to make all transaction through online/cheque/ mobile banking  only.Currently lot of private institutes/schools/universities are still demanding cash transactions. If they do not comply to these online transaction rules by Jan'17, instruct them that they would loose their licence to run the business.Please make it mandatory that even rupee paid to the institutes should be accounable

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
What, I would like to say is it better to have a one single Bank Account Number for each person like we have one PAN Number and Adhare Number for unique people. Which will help for all type of money transaction.

0 0 government Hospital and private  hospital    mai aachi suvida .hospital  staff  behaviour in patients  plz

5 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
सोशल मीडिया के जरिए एक मैसेज आज ही प्राप्त हुआ, वो काफी अच्छा लगा। उस मैसेज का आइडिया काफी अच्छा लगा, वो मैं आपसे साझा कर रहा हूं। मैसेज ये था कि अगर कोई बच्चा कहीं खो जाता है तो उसे नजदीक के आधार केंद्र पर ले जाया जाए और अगर उसका आधार कार्ड बना हुआ है तो उसकी सारी जानकारी लेकर उसे उसके माता‍‍ पिता या अभिभावक के पास पहुंचाया जा सकता है। काफी अच्छा विचार लगा। अतः आपसे अनुरोध है कि ऐसे सभी बच्चे जो कि 5 साल से भी कम उम्र के हैं उनका आधार बनवाने संबंधी कोई सार्थक कदम उठाए।

0 0 Dear age badhrahahe, ham tumare sath hai,
Chahe 100 ka be note bandh Karo to be nahe puchenge.
Desh badlnachhehe.
Hamara Desh tumapar asha Katha hai ki
Hamara Bharat matako vishv guru banado Chahe kitnebe kadhinaheya aye hmm tumare sath hai,
I was confidence my vote is not miss ues for the Nation.
Jai hind

1 0 NOW "FOREST REVOLUTION" should be declared by the GOVT similar in lines with GREEN and WHITE revolution

1 0 strict action taken against bank employees manager ca..for doing this type of task changing currency getting commission .....someone somewhere else people are dying and they are enjoying instead of getting higher salar status
sahil arora
alwar

0 0 Demonetisation is also a part of "Swachh Bharat". Because not only physical cleanliness, but also transparency in financial sector is of paramount importance for progress of our country. Cessation of money which has no valid explanation, corrupt practices by Bankers to replace the old notes unfairly, deposits of high value money in Bank with penalty,nothing we could see today, if our Hon'ble Prime Minister "Narendra Modi ji" would not have declared the banning of Rs.1000/-and Rs.500/-.

3 0 सर
देश मे एक ऐप तरार करो कि कोईबी अपनी समसा ऊस पर बतय ओर ऊसके मामलेसे लोगोको समसा हल निकाल सके,
और काम तेज गती से हो,
सिधाआप कि डिपाटमेटसे ऊसपर समसाका हल हो.

1 0 What use being Wealthy ,your children are targeted by these terror groups,change your mind set ,stop illegal things and fight for your children and participate in economic growth of this country.
These groups are recruiting our children, we will not allow them to success
We all should be united as a nation ,irrespective of religion, caste..etc.we all belongs to one religion that is Indian.
We should help our people from poverty and thus built strength
Enemies are united to target us

2 0 Respected PM Sir,
                 Please tell something about population control,and some step on over population in India.

0 0 Respected Modiji,my honest suggestion is we should have one more dept. i.e Agriculture production Dept, whereas this department has to work directly in the agricultural fields.Minister of agriculture should be a chief former and for all other positions formers should be recruited based their past contribution towards country's food production.The pay band and fecilities should be fixed as same in defence department. Please put this matter infront of parliment officials.Thanks for your patience.

0 0 Dear My Prime Minister, To encourage more industry and investor to bring more investment in India and job creation, trust and faith is supremely critical. To create conducive environment apart from making process easy and regular laws, why can't we clearly commit what changes Govt will not do for the sake of continuity and also can place wish list of the country as well from the Industry/Investor.

0 0 Sir - Please give a very very strong message to all who are trying to derail the noble initiative of demonetization & curbing corruption. Recently we have seen incidents where bank employees have been involved in helping black money hoarders to convert them into white. This is immoral & unethical and should be punished. Please give the strongest message to prevent them from risking their jobs and lively hood.Common people should not lose trust on financial institutions because of some traitors.

2 1 Dear PM sir
In your speech,tell the people why you had taken bold step.
Honest and unity is our greatest weapon where we achieve independence
Since from then some groups   had divided this country in the name of religion,caste..etc for their political gain,and looted this country,which lead to poverty,crimes and the entire nation was destroyed , lots of people were died,many children's were killed,women were raped
Today the country is in threat from terrorist groups, we need to stop them.

2 0 Dear Sir
Make all the governance more transparent. For eg: in the housing sector, if we want to register any property, due to lack of transparency, the government officials demand kickbacks. The property registration procedures are not laid anywhere. The biggest corruption exists in the  property registration offices and in transport/RTO offices in the country. Requesting your kind attention. There should be a digitized process /dedicated portal   wherein the process is automated.

0 0 Dear PM sir
In your speech,tell the people why you had taken bold step.
Honest and unity is our greatest weapon where we achieve independence
Since from then some groups   had divided this country in the name of religion,caste..etc for their political gain,and looted this country,which lead to poverty,crimes and the entire nation was destroyed , lots of people were died,many children's were killed,women were rape

0 0 Respected sir, this is for ur knowledge that i have installed Modi apps on my mobile after several efforts I have got more than 2300 badges and contribute in several others task. but due to some technical probables said apps remove from my mob, when I reinstall at my mobile my data was missing because I forget my password. Kindly do the needful for recall my password for use this app with previous dedication .I have also raise my issue as per Reg. No..PMOPG/E/2016/0371383 but no any resp.by off.

2 0 1) Problem:- #Cashless Economy & Way forward | Suggestion to propel innovation in Fintech/BFSI sector by Startups/Entrepreneurs
2) Solution:- Introduce ‘Fintech Sandbox Guidelines’. Very Similar to what has been done in Singapore & Australia very recently i.e. Nov 16, 2016 & Dec 15, 2016.
3) More details in PDF attachment
4) Detailed guidelines by Singapore: http://www.mas.gov.sg/~/media/Smart%20Financial%20Centre/Sandbox/FinTech...
Rgds,
Sumeet

1 0 मिलवाट खोरो पर नकेल कसने को लेकर सरकार गंभीर क्यो नही है, ओर मन की बात में इस पर चर्चा होनी चाहिए लेकिन अभी तक मेरे बात क्यो नहीं पहुची आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी?

1 0 “A leader is best
When people barely know he exists
Of a good leader, who talks little,
When his work is done, his aim fulfilled,
They will say, “We did this ourselves.”
― Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching

0 0 Dear sir you feels others pain, so please do something to make environment better for patient of asthma and pollen allergy .Please stop plantation of useless Devil tree Chitavan. Forest dep already know how much harmful this tree but they continue unnecessary plantation of this and avoid to trim .
Can we also try to control such allergic plants https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parthenium_hysterophorus
at least trimming of such allergic plants by sweepers near residential area.

0 0 Dear sir, at this time when we are focusing on more and more  transparency in all the sectors .we should make Bio metric attendance  compulsory in all management and technical colleges where govt scholarship is given and it should be Real time GPS based attendance system and all the scholarship should be given as per the minimum percentage of attendance of candidates.all the scholarship of any kind should be linked with aadhar.

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat December 2016, I want to suggest that, to warn the black money holder who has done illegal act, strict warning to be given them that, disclose the money under the disclosure scheme or ready for hard action, further, declare the award to common people and honest bank employee, to send the information of black transaction and money to I T or Specified authority, name will secret and will be awarded  as per I T rules specified percentage of black money found, best wishes

0 0 You’re doing meaning of the Government
DOCUMENTARY OF THE UNIVERSE
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja, S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj, 798/152,Op St Mary’s Tower, Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoil,K.K.Dist. Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.

0 0 I want to divert your attention to a very old and untouched issue "food adulteration" . I recently saw a video https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb0BGWa-YO0
. It might sound small but seeing it at a larger prospective, this is a big issue. Almost every possible eatable is being adulterated with whatsoever is available at cheaper rates just to make profits. Caughting such people and giving them a benchmark punishment is the need of the hour for our generations to be cancer free. #MannKiBaat

0 0 You’re doing meaning of the Government
DOCUMENTARY OF THE UNIVERSE
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja, S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj, 798/152,Op St Mary’s Tower, Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoil,K.K.Dist. Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.

0 0 You’re doing meaning of the Government
DOCUMENTARY OF THE UNIVERSE
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja, S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj, 798/152,Op St Mary’s Tower, Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoil,K.K.Dist. Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.

2 0 The frustrated engineer -2nd page

1 0 The frustrated engineer pls do read this sir!

0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी, कृपया आप छोटे दुकानदारों और रेहड़ी वालो को कैशलेस के लिए प्रेरित करे। अगर छोटे दुकानदार और रेहड़ी वाले कैशलेश अपना लेंगे तो हर नागरिक कैशलेस को अपना लेंगे। साथ ही सरकारी व्यवस्था को पूरे तरह से कैशलेस करे जैसे बस स्टैंड, रेलवे स्टैंड आदि। बस मैं पूरी तरह से कैशलेस करे, बस स्टैंड और रेलवे स्टैंड मैं सभी दुकानों को चाही छोटी हो या बड़ी कैशलेस करे। आप केवल सरकारी व्यवस्था को कैशलेस कर दे चाहे 1 रुपया का लेनदेन हो कैशलेस हो।

0 0 Sir
Govt shud come out with plan to impose cess on cash ,above a certain specified limit,withdrawn from bank by any customer.this will force people to move to cheque/ other electronic payment. This will   in one way reduce subsequent cash transaction and also reduce burden on cash handling logistics

1 0 कविता का शेष-भाग :मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे है! पंक्तिबद्ध देखकर मूर्खों फ़ोकट इतना चिल्लाओगे ? वाघा ,पुंछ,कारगिल से तो,उलटे-पैरों भाग आओगे ! योगस्थ:कुरु कर्माणि ही अब "नरेन्द्र" की वाणी है ! ज़र्रे-ज़र्रे से कला-धन,ख़त्म करने की ठानी हैं !
परम=श्रद्धेय मोदी जी को इंदौर से-अशोक दशोरा"सुमन" का सादर प्रणाम ! ! ! संपर्क : ०९४२५३४५९९९ /०९४२५४००९९९.धन्यवाद! जय भारत ! जय-हिन्द ! ! !

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग : मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है, अर्थशास्त्र का मुझको ज्ञान ! कलुषित- काले धंधों वालों,मनु-स्मृति में है दण्ड-विधान ! मै लालच और स्वार्थ परे रख कर्मयोग-गुण गाता हूँ ! दुखी-दरिद्रों के अन्त्योदय की पीड़ा सुन पाता हूँ ! पंक्तिबद्ध नहीं है व्याकुल,नेता-धनपति दुखियारे है !"छाती-कूटा" करने वाले, काले-धंधों के मारे है! जहाँ हुकूमत के चाबुक का, ज़ोर दिखाई देता है! काले-धन के रखवालो को तम- घोर दिखाई देता है! मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे

0 0 काले-धन के समर्थकों पर "मेरा प्रहार"मेरी कविता के रूप में आपको सादर समर्पित :
मै ईमान का पैरोकार हूँ,उज्जवलमन की आशा का!मुझको सारा भान तुम्हारे"धंधों" की परिभाषा का! जो यथार्थ में दीख रहा,मै उसको समझाता हूँ !"संजय"बनकर धृतराष्ट्रों को,आत्म-ज्ञान करवाता हूँ ! मैंने सहज-सरल लोगों को,पंक्ति में लगते देखा है ! झूठे, दम्भी,मक्कारों को अनर्गल बकते देखा है ! मै राम-कृष्ण का अनुयायी हूँ, पर-उपकार ही मेरा धर्म ! बरसों-बरस लूटनेवाल,अब तो कार्लो थोड़ी शर्म !

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग :मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे है! पंक्तिबद्ध देखकर मूर्खों फ़ोकट इतना चिल्लाओगे ? वाघा ,पुंछ,कारगिल से तो,उलटे-पैरों भाग आओगे ! योगस्थ:कुरु कर्माणि ही अब "नरेन्द्र" की वाणी है ! ज़र्रे-ज़र्रे से कला-धन,ख़त्म करने की ठानी हैं !
परम=श्रद्धेय मोदी जी को इंदौर से-अशोक दशोरा"सुमन" का सादर प्रणाम ! ! ! संपर्क : ०९४२५३४५९९९ /०९४२५४००९९९.धन्यवाद! जय भारत ! जय-हिन्द ! ! !

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग : मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है, अर्थशास्त्र का मुझको ज्ञान ! कलुषित- काले धंधों वालों,मनु-स्मृति में है दण्ड-विधान ! मै लालच और स्वार्थ परे रख कर्मयोग-गुण गाता हूँ ! दुखी-दरिद्रों के अन्त्योदय की पीड़ा सुन पाता हूँ ! पंक्तिबद्ध नहीं है व्याकुल,नेता-धनपति दुखियारे है !"छाती-कूटा" करने वाले, काले-धंधों के मारे है! जहाँ हुकूमत के चाबुक का, ज़ोर दिखाई देता है! काले-धन के रखवालो को तम- घोर दिखाई देता है! मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे

0 0 काले-धन के समर्थकों पर "मेरा प्रहार"मेरी कविता के रूप में आपको सादर समर्पित :
मै ईमान का पैरोकार हूँ,उज्जवलमन की आशा का!मुझको सारा भान तुम्हारे"धंधों" की परिभाषा का! जो यथार्थ में दीख रहा,मै उसको समझाता हूँ !"संजय"बनकर धृतराष्ट्रों को,आत्म-ज्ञान करवाता हूँ ! मैंने सहज-सरल लोगों को,पंक्ति में लगते देखा है ! झूठे, दम्भी,मक्कारों को अनर्गल बकते देखा है ! मै राम-कृष्ण का अनुयायी हूँ, पर-उपकार ही मेरा धर्म ! बरसों-बरस लूटनेवाल,अब तो कार्लो थोड़ी शर्म !

0 0 sir my name is dathu, everyone know in india agriculture is important sector but no one not taking any serious reforms in agriculture.we have many schemes but none of the scheme not working properly. because most of the farmers are uneducated so they don't know about that schemes. for example in my village most of lands are red soil but everyone plant cotton so they are loss by less productivity.So in my view 1st taking more awareness actions about schemes and take more useful schemes to agricul

0 0 कविता  का शेष-भाग :मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे है! पंक्तिबद्ध देखकर मूर्खों फ़ोकट इतना चिल्लाओगे ? वाघा ,पुंछ,कारगिल से तो,उलटे-पैरों भाग आओगे ! योगस्थ:कुरु कर्माणि ही अब "नरेन्द्र" की वाणी है ! ज़र्रे-ज़र्रे से कला-धन,ख़त्म करने की ठानी हैं !
परम=श्रद्धेय मोदी जी को इंदौर से-अशोक दशोरा"सुमन" का सादर प्रणाम ! ! ! संपर्क : ०९४२५३४५९९९ /०९४२५४००९९९.धन्यवाद! जय भारत ! जय-हिन्द ! ! !

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग : मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है, अर्थशास्त्र का मुझको ज्ञान ! कलुषित- काले धंधों वालों,मनु-स्मृति में है दण्ड-विधान ! मै लालच और स्वार्थ परे रख कर्मयोग-गुण गाता हूँ ! दुखी-दरिद्रों के अन्त्योदय की पीड़ा सुन पाता हूँ ! पंक्तिबद्ध नहीं है व्याकुल,नेता-धनपति दुखियारे है !"छाती-कूटा" करने वाले, काले-धंधों के मारे है! जहाँ हुकूमत के चाबुक का, ज़ोर दिखाई देता है! काले-धन के रखवालो को तम- घोर दिखाई देता है! मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे

0 0 काले-धन के समर्थकों पर "मेरा प्रहार"मेरी कविता के रूप में आपको सादर समर्पित :
मै ईमान का पैरोकार हूँ,उज्जवलमन की आशा का!मुझको सारा भान तुम्हारे"धंधों" की परिभाषा का! जो यथार्थ में दीख रहा,मै उसको समझाता हूँ !"संजय"बनकर धृतराष्ट्रों को,आत्म-ज्ञान करवाता हूँ ! मैंने सहज-सरल लोगों को,पंक्ति में लगते देखा है ! झूठे, दम्भी,मक्कारों को अनर्गल बकते देखा है ! मै राम-कृष्ण का अनुयायी हूँ, पर-उपकार ही मेरा धर्म ! बरसों-बरस लूटनेवाल,अब तो कार्लो थोड़ी शर्म !

0 0 विता का शेष-भाग :मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे है! पंक्तिबद्ध देखकर मूर्खों फ़ोकट इतना चिल्लाओगे ? वाघा ,पुंछ,कारगिल से तो,उलटे-पैरों भाग आओगे ! योगस्थ:कुरु कर्माणि ही अब "नरेन्द्र" की वाणी है ! ज़र्रे-ज़र्रे से कला-धन,ख़त्म करने की ठानी हैं !
परम=श्रद्धेय मोदी जी को इंदौर से-अशोक दशोरा"सुमन" का सादर प्रणाम ! ! ! संपर्क : ०९४२५३४५९९९ /०९४२५४००९९९.धन्यवाद! जय भारत ! जय-हिन्द ! ! !

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग : मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है, अर्थशास्त्र का मुझको ज्ञान ! कलुषित- काले धंधों वालों,मनु-स्मृति में है दण्ड-विधान ! मै लालच और स्वार्थ परे रख कर्मयोग-गुण गाता हूँ ! दुखी-दरिद्रों के अन्त्योदय की पीड़ा सुन पाता हूँ ! पंक्तिबद्ध नहीं है व्याकुल,नेता-धनपति दुखियारे है !"छाती-कूटा" करने वाले, काले-धंधों के मारे है! जहाँ हुकूमत के चाबुक का, ज़ोर दिखाई देता है! काले-धन के रखवालो को तम- घोर दिखाई देता है! मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे

0 0 काले-धन के समर्थकों पर "मेरा प्रहार"मेरी कविता के रूप में आपको सादर समर्पित :
मै ईमान का पैरोकार हूँ,उज्जवलमन की आशा का!मुझको सारा भान तुम्हारे"धंधों" की परिभाषा का! जो यथार्थ में दीख रहा,मै उसको समझाता हूँ !"संजय"बनकर धृतराष्ट्रों को,आत्म-ज्ञान करवाता हूँ ! मैंने सहज-सरल लोगों को,पंक्ति में लगते देखा है ! झूठे, दम्भी,मक्कारों को अनर्गल बकते देखा है ! मै राम-कृष्ण का अनुयायी हूँ, पर-उपकार ही मेरा धर्म ! बरसों-बरस लूटनेवाल,अब तो कार्लो थोड़ी शर्म ! मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग :मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे है! पंक्तिबद्ध देखकर मूर्खों फ़ोकट इतना चिल्लाओगे ? वाघा ,पुंछ,कारगिल से तो,उलटे-पैरों भाग आओगे ! योगस्थ:कुरु कर्माणि ही अब "नरेन्द्र" की वाणी है ! ज़र्रे-ज़र्रे से कला-धन,ख़त्म करने की ठानी हैं !
परम=श्रद्धेय मोदी जी को इंदौर से-अशोक दशोरा"सुमन" का सादर प्रणाम ! ! !   संपर्क : ०९४२५३४५९९९ /०९४२५४००९९९.धन्यवाद! जय भारत ! जय-हिन्द ! ! !

1 0 Dear Modiji, Every one saying people to buy items at MRP only. but who is selling for MRP? If anyone questions price difference, sellers and surrounding people treats him as a wrong person. This is the problem in most of the trains, buses and movie theatres. We are not getting proper solutions from concerned administrators. Railway jan AHAAR people charging 5 rupees extra for each item ordering and responding very bad, if We ask the reason. Sample pics attached from visakhapatnam rly station.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री
मन की बात के माध्यम से आप देश के युवाओं को अपने परिवार के बङे बुजूर्गों व अधीक से अधिक लोगों को  केसलेस पेमेंट के बारे सिखाने व समझाने के लिए प्रेरित करने का कष्ट करें
धन्यवाद ।

0 0 कविता का शेष-भाग : मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है, अर्थशास्त्र का मुझको ज्ञान ! कलुषित- काले धंधों वालों,मनु-स्मृति में है दण्ड-विधान ! मै लालच और स्वार्थ परे रख कर्मयोग-गुण गाता हूँ ! दुखी-दरिद्रों के अन्त्योदय की पीड़ा सुन पाता हूँ ! पंक्तिबद्ध नहीं है व्याकुल,नेता-धनपति दुखियारे है !"छाती-कूटा" करने वाले, काले-धंधों के मारे है! जहाँ  हुकूमत के चाबुक का, ज़ोर दिखाई देता है! काले-धन के रखवालो को तम- घोर दिखाई देता है! मोदी जी की ताकत से, काले-महल अब डोल रहें है! एक-दशक से चुप गूंगे"मौनीबाबा"भी बोल रहे

0 0 Respected Sir,
When small villages like Dhasaee in Thane District and Sultanpur in Ghaziabad District have become cashless on your earnest appeal in your previous Man Ki Baat, why can entire India not follow the examples of these small villages to go cashless?Kindly again stress on this vital point in your Man Ki Baat on 25th December to curb further generation of black money.
Regards,
Prof. N.K.Dhooper

0 0 Dear sir
we need to support young team to get skill to work in industry
there are hardly any support for poor members to get training
INDUSTRY AND GOVERNMENT to form skill development to suit industrial requirement
there are lot of experts in pune willing to train and support skill india

0 0 Respected Prime Minister I am having a fabulous idea for promoting cashless transactions. If all the government work is made compulsory to be done in cashless mode, for e.g, bus fare, train fare, bill payement etc. This will help a lot in making people adjustable towards cashless society. I will be greatful to you.

0 0 काले-धन के समर्थकों पर "मेरा प्रहार"मेरी कविता के रूप में आपको सादर समर्पित :
मै ईमान का पैरोकार हूँ,उज्जवलमन की आशा का!मुझको सारा भान तुम्हारे"धंधों" की परिभाषा का! जो यथार्थ में दीख रहा,मै उसको समझाता हूँ !"संजय"बनकर धृतराष्ट्रों को,आत्म-ज्ञान करवाता हूँ ! मैंने सहज-सरल लोगों को,पंक्ति में लगते देखा है ! झूठे, दम्भी,मक्कारों को अनर्गल बकते देखा है ! मै राम-कृष्ण का अनुयायी हूँ, पर-उपकार ही मेरा धर्म ! बरसों-बरस लूटनेवाल,अब तो कार्लो थोड़ी शर्म ! मेरा"कौटिल्य'से नाता है, अर्थशास्त्र का मुझको,

0 0 RESPECTED SIR
WITH DUE RESPECT I WANT TO SAY THAT I AM A REGISTERED SHOPKEEPER  OF HP (KANGRA) ON TIN NUMBER AS PER GOVT. RULE TIN NUMBER HAS TO BE DIVERTED TO GSTIN SO FOR UPLOADING SOME DOCUMENTS A LOCAL "CA" IS DEMANDING MORE THAN 2000 RUPEES FOR GETTING SIGN OF ETO ON THOSE PAPERS AND AS OTHER CHARGES .THEY ARE OPENLY ASKING FOR BRIBE.
IT IS DIFFICULT TO ARRANGE THAT SUM OF RUPEES . WE HONESTLY PAYING THE TAX QUARTERLY.WE REQUEST YOU TO TAKE SOME STRICT ACTION AGAINST IT .
FAITHFULLY

1 0 How funding to political parties be made transparent and digital..

0 0 Sir,
My request is to speak about educational system in India. Present system has  many defects. They are concentrating on marks only, they are producing marks machines rather than bright students.Private educational institutions converted education as business. Some schools doest have play grounds. Some schools doesn't have labs. This kind of system leads to spoil the motto of real education i.e education is the manifestation of man inside. We should develop patriotic views in children.

0 0 Dear our Prime Minister shri Narendra Modi ji apse request hai ki goverment job me paiso ke bina job nahi mil rahi hai. Sir hum mehnat karte hai or jab job nahi milti to bhut dukh hota. please ish baar is Man ki Baat me ye mudda jarur uthaye

0 0 DEAR MODI JI,
PLEASE ALLOW MINIMUM CASH SUPPLY(MAX-Rs.400) AGAINST UPI,USSD AND POS(DEBIT CARD ONLY)BY RETAIL MERCHANTS FOR THEIR CUSTOMERS FOR LIMITED PERIOD WITH CONDITIONS.
IT WILL MAKE UNEXPECTED ADVANTAGES AS BELOW
1-MOST OF OUR CITIZENS INVOLVE USING HABITS FOR POS,UPI AND USSD IMMIDIATLY.
2-IT WILL ELIMINATE BANK AND ATM CROUD
3-YOU DON'T NEED FEEDING CASH FOR BANK FROM RBI.
CONDITIONS:
1.MERCHANT USE CASH FROM CASH SALES AND MAXIMUM RS.400 PER HIS PRODUCT SALES.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी इस बार मन की बात अटल जी के जन्मदिन पर हो रही है और वर्तमान परिपेक्ष्य में जिस तरह से आपने नोटबंदी जैसा एक बहुत बड़ा कदम देशहित में उठाया है और जनता भी इस समय आपके साथ है परन्तु फिर भी लोगो को कुछ समस्या का सामना करना पड़ रहा है इसलिए अटल जी की इस कविता के साथ शुरू करें लोगो में नवउर्जा का संचार होगा
बाधाएं आती है आएं
घिरी प्रलय की घोर घटाएं
पांव के नीचे अंगारे
सिर पर वरसे यदि ज्वालाएं
निज हाथों में हँसते हँसते
आग लगाकर जलना होगा
कदम मिलाकर चलना होगा।
#mygov #AIR

0 0 Sir
As we move forward towards less cash system,govt shud progressively phase out cash payment system at petrol pump outlet N all payments shud b made thru e-wallets.
2) it's high time to attack black money in form of benami property
3)out of each  demand for cash raised by bank branch,more cash shud b diverted to ATM N ease out the withdrawal limit.less cash at bank branch counter will stop conversion of illicit cash by some corrupt manager of branch.

0 0 Dear Sir,
        As i belong to general category and preparing for competitive exams. Now a days caste reservation system is prevailing ... So i request you to take a serious step to end this caste grade system and also the fees for General category students is more in comparison to other categort students. Please end this caste based reservation ...

0 0 Sir you are doing well and taking revolutionary steps for the betterment of every Indian. But sir, the unemployed youth of India including A&N Islands are in depression, attracting towards narcotic or drugs and spoiling career of them selves and as well as nations too. So, I pray you Sir take some favorable steps to raise some hope in the distressed unemployed youths, especially who are getting age bar.
The Authorities in A&N Islands are maintaining distance from Unemployment Issue.

0 0 Hon.P.M.Sir,now all major schemes r implies through local bodies with one govt.servent,who has no any fundamental Right to take action.
My humble request will be,employees working with these local bodies should have minimum qualification of Agril.graduated, with rules and regulations laid down by central govt.and his service category under central government.
Village development is key point, so  qualified personnel for Right job is required. Hope government will think over it.

0 0 Congratulations Dear Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi sir for your wonderful step of demonetisation after so long. Private sector Bank ICICI BANK, AXIS BANK and HDFC BANK are highly growing banks with huge manpower and money, if these banks get nationalised so it will surely boost economy as we know once Honourable Indira Gandhi did so it helped very well.

1 0 R/Sir
 Time has come to go ahead with election and judicial reforms.Bring all parties under RTI and go for government funding in elections. Like IAS,All India judicial services should be adopted to give representation to all section of society .

0 0 Sir, to eradicate cash crunch i would request you to use your BJP worker's strength across India to educate people about cashless transactions. Send them to each corner of INDIA, To see the issue and to be ready with the solution like to make them more comfortable and aware of *99# to do online UPI transaction.

0 0 people know about how to send money by UPI and USSD(*99#) but people not know about how to pay bill like BSNL landline and electricity bill through UPI and USSD(*99#) means people how to get MMID for government bill payment like BSNL landline and electricity bill.

0 0 Respected PM, I am from Bihar state. Being of proud INDIAN i want to ask you what about Bihar, as we are unlucky to not to have BJP in there in Bihar are we not the part of INDIA? If we, then why do not we see any central work progress in Bihar. Isn't it the responsibility  of Our central Govt. to look in to that. What ever development we see, we see in either of your constituency or where ever election is taking place or in developed Cities, when would our numbers will come sir??

0 0 Respected PM ji,
Please you must talk on "the political reforms" and stopping "tax-free donation to the political parties".
Yours sincerely,
Citizen of India
Dr.Sushil Kumar Awasthi

0 0 Sir please do something for the FEE of COMPETITIVE exams for GENERAL Category Students. 
My suggestion is to close caste based reservation. Instead of giving caste based reservation please give reservation on behalf of particular student's family Income.
Thank you Sir

0 0 Sir
I am belongss from village and saw basic couruption start from village pradhan in lack of knowladge of villagers if every village have a digital anti corouption team that help poor peoples for his need in steps it will strong move because mostly people gave donation/reswat in that time if his work not done easily or he trying illigali both cases start from village level

0 0 Sir
Need To Fill gap between Savida Employee and fulltime gov employee that improve the power of nation and buying capacity of savida employee. Thats boost on economy.

1 0 Sir, I heard that this time there would be no reservation quota for FREEDOM FIGHTER in MBBS/BDS course(NEET 2017) . If it is so, then sir other reservation quotas(SC/ST/OBC/PH etc) also should be cancelled. Let MERIT and ONLY MERIT be the only criteria for selection.

0 0 Congratulations dear Prime minister Mr. Narendra Modi Sir for your wonderful step of demonetisation after so long, we people can see a ray of light for betterment of INDIA.
In this regards i feel a suggestion may bring an another change to Indian economy as Private sector Bank as ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, HDFC Bank etc are highly growing banks with huge man power and money. If these banks get Nationalised so it will surely boost economy as we know once Honourable Indira Gandhi did so and it help

0 0 Sir, today I got an idea on eradicating corruption. We should start an institute which teaches all the qualities of a good leader.Humanity,patriotism and most importantly the pleasure of assisting the nation should be taught. Selflessness should be a prime subject and money oriented thinking should be destroyed. Only the people with a degree from this institute should be allowed to enter politics . Marks from 10th or 12th should not matter.we want good engineers,doctors but y not great leaders?

0 0 Sir,I support digital mode of money exchange .But the banks took more money from our account,on the name of sms rate and so on.Sir what is this?.This will prevent people from using digital mode of money transfer.This will leads to cashless accounts not cashless economy.
I conclude my words JAI HIND.

0 0 Respected Modi Ji,Admire and Salute you for the  DeMonetisation Move. I strongly feel it will really help this Country Progress as a lot of money would now come into the Mainstream Economy. But ,I have a question.How will you change the Mindset of the Corrupt. Whether the currency is New or Old, what needs to change is the Mindset. Please think about this and I'm sure You can lead this Movement. Koi Rishwat Maange Hi Na. Kuch Aisa Kijiye ki Sab Desh ke liye Kaam Kare.A NonCorruptIndia

1 0 Dear PM Mr. Modi,Thank you for all the initiative and good work.
There are thousands of working computers, monitors, hard drives, printers and other IT peripherals are destroyed everyday, by big companies, while upgrade or hardare refresh but it can used for many purposes, these IT equip are disposed like this becuase, purchased in SEZ STPI norm. We can save wastage get it free to help digital india move, education and share information about govt policies.I can share plan.

1 0 Rajkosh Nahi Hokar Baniye ka Dan Khana...

0 0 Dear Sir,
J & K border is sealed with our troops, then how terrorists are entering in Hindustan, suspect terrorists are already in J&K city supported by locale people. We need to have search strike within over night by deploying our military at once to every individual house in one day/night to segregate terrorist. I am sure will get lot of rat.

0 0 Respected PM sir,
I would like to put into your notice that reservation should completely be abolished and selection should be made on merit based. However, free education should be given  to poors irrespective of their caste and creed. secondly, action taken by you on black money is welcome one. to purchase a piece of land has become impossible for a common man because of the free hand given to the builders, they are gradually turning our country into a concrete jungle

1 0 Sir, when we use our ATM card to purchase fuel in petrol depot bank (SBI)levied surcharge on it.Is it justified sir?? We are simply follow your slogan of "CASHLESS TRANSACTION". Moreover we are running shortage of cash due to demonetization. Kindly look in to the matter sir..

0 0 Sir,we need to get a rapid growth in the gdp with digitalisation and economic development. Technology should be promoted with increasing awareness about the latest technical developments and uses. Educating the children is a must to get skilled labour. Healthcare needs to be taken care of with increased facilities and cleanliness in hospitals.Swacch bharat abhiyaan needs to be upgraded with strict rules against littering.Infrastructure needs to be developed. Proper planning is needed for this.

0 1 Dear PM,
School fees of private school's are very high, very difficult to afford by middle class families and no other go to provide good education for children, please help by taking action on this.
Thanks,
Abhishek

1 0 PradhanMantriUjjwalaYojana - My View to Extend Reach to Provide LPG connections to BPL households in the country. Many house are allowed to keep (15 Kg)+15 Kg additional 2nd Cooking Gas Cylinder for Domestic Emergency Use which is kept unused for many days/months). But If ... All households are restricted to keep only approx (15 Kg) + 5 Kg 2nd Cooking Gas Cylinder for Emergency use; 10 Kg Filled Gas Cylinder AND 15 Kg Empty Gas Cylinder will be FREELY AVAILABLE TO SERVE NEEDY HOUSES.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, time to look into Section 497 of the IPC which has been allowed to continue unabashed, uninterrupted and un-amended even after more than 150 years of its creation! I find it most reprehensible and cannot but raise serious questions over it.Today our society is being drastically affected and need immediately amendment.A girl luring a married man to have intercourse knowingly to spoil couple relation and gain wealth and either way to spoil couple relation should be dealt with new law.

0 0 Sir,My thoughts are for clean & safe country includes
1.Complete stop of liqueur from India like we have it in Gujrat.
2.Public should be invited for participation in govt program like plantation/swacch Bharat/Ganga Safai etc for better outcome.
3.Declaration of govt about the plan to bring fraud businessman back to india like Vijay Malya & Lalit Modi.
4.Tax reform with plan to reduce taxes and increase govt income from departments.
5.Education reform including Moral and industrial training

0 0 sir
   gd eve
          kase bhi krke sir election board p dabaab bnakar ye or krdo ye bahut jruri h hmaare desh k vikash k liye . loksabha , rajyasabha, nagarnigam , panchayat chunav ,etc. sabhi tarah ke election . ek time p hone chahiye jo ki bahut jruri h gaon ke vikash se sahar k vikas tk. mai uttarpradesh ke ek dehati area se hu yahaa p opposition party k neta ye bol dete h aap log hume vote nhi dete yaha vikash kyu kare . jb sb ek time p hoga to hum bhi soochsamjhkar vote de sakenge .

0 0 Respected Sir,
Let me first congratulate for taking such a bold step towards betterment of INDIA in the way of demonetization.
Sir,directly to a suggestion why don't we upgrade our National News channel. I was watching the DD news it was full of positive news around and ofcourse a few of negative ones as well.
Don't you think its the right time to attack the private media who runs for TRP rather than perfect news.
This is a ground level suggestion hope it works.
All the best Sir!

0 0 A big racket is pumping even to remote parts of our country thousands of illegal migrants from Bangladesh. Indian Government to act upon seriously setup a central independent agency to fish out people illegally getting migrated to our country, in the total national interest.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Hope you are our Next PM.
I Suggest you private hospital fee is very high so please do some for poor people
Subhash Bhakar
Rawatsar, hanumangarh
9460949853

0 0 Sir respestfully my self pravasa from odisha bhubaneswar smartcity  , sir i want to say about the 7th pay commision, I am a un employed if you pay 7th pay the salary must be high of the gov employ if you dristribut those 7th pay comm money to the youth those who are agree to join in gov job in 10000 rupes, then more educated youth are join with us and they can carry family

0 0 Sir, i seen Aap based shared bus office gouing bus in NCR. its a Start up.its a very good concept. will request you to please include aap based bus in Motor Vehicle Act of India. this will solve lot of commutation problem in one go.

0 0 The scene from General dibba of any Railway

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार। महोदय जी नोटबंदी के साहसिक फैसले के लिये आपका साधुवाद। महोदय जी इस सन्दर्भ मे कैशलेस लेनदेन को बढ़ावा देना भी एक साहसिक व कठिन कार्य है इस कार्य हेतु मैं स्वेच्छा से रोजाना कम से कम ५ व्यक्तियों को प्रोत्साहित कर रहा हू परन्तु यह बहुत कम है। आगामी मन की बात कार्यक्रम में युवाओं सें आह्वान करेंगे की वो ज्यादा से ज्यादा लोगों को प्रोत्साहित करें। आशा करता हू कि आप सहमत होंगे । धन्यवाद। आपका अभिषेक पारीक अजमेर राजस्थान

0 1 Dear Sir,
I trust on you always. I also happy you are our PM.
I have only two suggestion as below mentioned.
1 Kindly ordinance on maternity leave ( many women are waiting and many hope on you )
2 my second suggestion is kindly mention expiry date  in currency note ( like medicine expiry date).
so no one will store there money they have to spend their many on time.
like five year or ten year expiry date is good.  
Ankit sevak
Naroda Ahmedabad Gujarat
9033889947

0 0 At Railways there are many passengers who are without ticket and travel throughout (Kasmir to Kanyakumari) in the same manner in General seats. Sitting at the doors, in the toilet passages, in between seats. More found drunken passengers.  All this will hamper travel pleasure of visitors and security of nation as these passengers have no tickets / no identity, can carry explosives. No TC checking, No Police checking etc things may create great security kayos. Please look into the matter.

1 0 Hi Sir,
Government should make a hold on the no. of mobile connection one can hold.
It should be 2 per person and that should be adhar verified.
And the database of all Telecom companies should be centralized.
As we all know that, that for any illegal activity mobile connection with fake id's are use. Nothing is possible without cellular conn., & in this way getting is no more easy for all those negative elements.It can be implemented by centralizing the telecom operator database & adhar.

1 0 hon prime minister sir
     i am talking about our electricity service,
can it possible it will be like prepaid sim card
if it can done so everyone will save energy bcos he will paid in advance and we save electricity for other purpose and also people have minimum rs. of charge and electricity cant be stolen by this idea

0 0 Congratulations Sir and Thank you for all the raids of IT Dept and ACB in last 45 days and catching so many crores of black money/ fake currency and so many kilograms of black gold. I wish opposition also should admire this since nobody could achieve this earlier. Discovered black money is income to Indian treasury!. Keep it up! Best Regards.

0 0 sir aapka har kadam desh ki janta ko gaurav se paripurna karta hai lekin aaj bhi sir is desh mein khuleaam rispat maangi ja rahi hai ek sarkari naukri wala aam aadmi se ek ek chote se kaam ke liye bhi khule aam rispat maangta koi daar hi nahi hai isko rokne ke liye mein aapko apna suggesion dena chahta hoon ki sabhi sarkari naukri ko permanent na kiya jaaye yadi koi complain karta hai aur enquiry mein doshi paye jaane par sewa samapt ka provision hona chahiye na ki suspend ka .

0 0 my landlord not accepted rent by cheque or any digital method he want only cash.
and rent & electricity bill increase every 6 or 7 month please fix this amount one 10x10 room  so & so

0 0 Respected, PM JI, I am submitting my views and suggestions for making a great India in all aspects. Suggestions regarding day to day administration and civic and child education are enclosed.

1 0 Hi, Can we do something to promote cycling in India. This will reduce our global carbon foot print, and improve our health. Few things like separate lanes for Cycle, free charging port for E-Cycle. Government run hire cycle stations within specific city limits with depots near stations (Bus/Train) etc. Where people can hire a cycle from point A and leave in point B paying minimal charge.

0 0 Namaskar Sir, We hear of many subsidies welfare schemes and allowances for people who are poor, could the government create a scheme that will make them work for the allowances that they get, for example for someone who wants to avail of MNREGA,the government can involve them in public sector work or a project to clean their village and only when proof of work is shown can they avail of this benefit,otherwise we are becoming a society that is based on RIGHTS and not DUTIES

0 0 #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov #shivsmarak

0 0 my name raju my requirment emplloyement and devlopment my city for poor people will be happy your goverment

0 0 TO CULIVATE AND PROMOTE PATRIOTISM, LOVE AND RESPECT FOR THE NATION AND "MAA BHARATI" AMONG THE CITIZENS OF INDIA I HUMBLY SUGGEST TO START A PROGRAMME MAY BE CALLED "NATION-FIRST-MOVEMENT" IN THE FORM OF PUBLIC MOVEMENT IN THE SAME ZEAL, SPIRIT AND ENTHUSIASM AS THAT OF "SWACHH BHARAT ABHIYAN" IS GOING ON. I HOPE IT IS THE DREAM OF BILLIONS OF CITIZENS OF INDIA AND I AM ONE OF THEM LOOKING TOWARDS MY PRIME MINISTER

0 0 Sir 23 Dec is Farmers day please speak abt the work done by our govt.lnsurence,food processing ind,soil card.Thank you sir

0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्रीजी, मेरा सुझाव है कि गैर नकद लेन-देन को अधिक विश्वसनीय बनाने के लिए एक एप्प सरकार को बनाना चाहिए, यह अधिक विश्वसनीय होगा.
२. बड़ी संख्या में नये नोटों के बाहर जाने के सम्बन्ध में करेंसी चेस्ट के अधिकारियों की भूमिका की जाँच होना चाहिए.

0 0 Greetings Sir, As the country is moving towards Digital India. I would like to suggest that every Indian Village & Town (Big or Small) should be traceable on Digital Map on Internet. India must tie up with Google Maps for the same. We can also have a database of every village's/Town's Climatic and Geographical conditions. Our every school, college, dispensary, hospital, government offices, banks, etc institutions should also be traceable on Digital Map on Internet.
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR

0 0 Respected Modi Sir,
I know you are doing great job. We are with you in this work, my concern is I am studying My M.com In Business Economics final year. Applied for Railways,post office and even teachers but I dont know why I am not selected. I am not complaining about it but I think because of this cast system. I am studying very hard and also preparing for next exam for Tax Officer,or in Reserve bank of India  and with that I will also start my P.hd from Economics. At last I need job.

0 0 trains move very fastly.use the speed of train to generate wind power.the power thus generated can be used for electric trains,by this we can reduce expenditure of railways.

0 0 Respected PM,
I Humbly submit the following to your kind consideration and necessary actions.The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas ( MOP and NG ) ordered to BPCL to conduct Mandatory inspection for GAS consumers once in two years. for that Rs.75/- each charged by GAS agencies each consumers by way of cash. (with out issuing bills for the same) and could not know the details for ST and IT paid by the agencies for collecting this amount. This leads to  chance for misappropriation. Thank you

0 0 sar maine aap k office me do letter bheja hoo us par koi soonvai nahi pleease soonvai honi chahiye bas yahi kahana h mujhe

0 0 Suggestion 1:
Make Mothers name is the primary one to use in all certificates/govt forms/banks etc etc.
Because so many fatherless children are there.
Suggestion 2"
Take a step like "Reservation for Merits" like Demonitesation suddenly even you people wont get any vote due to this.
Because Congress is born party who created all this bloody loop holes to get votes.

0 0 once again my only suggestion is sincerely work on high sensitive population(20% of total population) growth group.

0 0 AJ KAL JADATER HOSE PER CHORI.MUDER HO RAHA HA,JO JAN PAHACHANKAR HOME K NAWAKER KAR RAHA HA.IN SAB K LIEA AK APP BANA A JAI.JO ADHER CARD K SATH LINK HO,GHAR MA RAHA K PURA VARFICATION HO SAKA,OR POLISH K PASS PURE DETAILS AA JAI.

2 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
हमे समाचार माध्यमों से ज्ञात हुआ है कि आपकी सरकार भोजपुरी व राजस्थानी बोली को आठवीं अनुसूची में सम्मिलि करने जा रही हैं। यह कदम अवधी भाषा की अवहेलना के समान होगा क्योंकि अवधी का समृद्ध साहित्य भोजपुरी के तुलना में बहुत अधिक है । जंहा तुलसी और जायसी की सांस्कृतिक विरासत ने इस देश को गंगा जमुनी तहजीब में गूँथ रखा है। इस अवधी भाषा की चौपाइयां पूरे विश्व को राममय किये रहती है, हनुमान चालीसा न जाने कितनों के पीर को हरता है। निवेदनऐसी भाषा को भी आठवी अनुसूची में शामिल किया जाय

0 0 DAVLOP FINGER PRINT SCAN SYSTEM COLING BELL/DOAR BELL.THIS ARE LINK BY ADHER CARD.ANY PERSON TUCH THE BUTTON,THER  FINGER PRINT SCAN/DOWNLOAD ATOMATIC THE SYSTEM.THIS ARE HALP BY ANY ROBBY,MURDER ETC.THIS ARE HALP BY POLISH APP IN DIRECTLY.

0 0 Demonetization is good move against corruption.We need to achieve 0 corruption.There are many factors for corruption-1)reservation 2)subsidy & free facilities 3)fee reimbursement.Due to subsidy,Low-income people have stopped working & became lazy,Hence Labour cost has gone up & effected agriculture sector.Due to reservation & fee reimbursement,undeserved students are being educated & are lacking quality of knowledge & not able to face competition.New education system to develop as industry needs

0 0 Respected Prime Minister
The matter of Demonetization is not very clear in mind of population especially in the rural area. Also the people are confused about effect of demonetization and require confidence about the same. Please take up this point again.

0 0 As you desire cashless economy, please take immediate actions against following facts:
1. India is 96th in terms of download speed and 105th in terms of average bandwidth availability.
2. India is 6th when it comes to cyber crime.
3. Poor IT infrastructure and education.

0 0 #PMonRadio#MannKiBaat#AIR#MyGov I couldn't conclude the points here as of the words limitations but I have attached a letter.

0 0 Dear Modi Sir,
I live in London, UK and NO provision has yet been made for NRIs living in the UK who are not able to travel to India within the deadline to change their Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes. An Announcement was made on 18th November on HCI London website that MEA-Finance Ministry would be setting up a committee to look into matter but up till now, there has been NO further update.
Please let provisions be made for NRIs in foreign countries to change notes.
#MannKiBaat

0 0 Dear Modi Sir,
I live in London, UK and NO provision has yet been made for NRIs living in the UK who are not able to travel to India within the deadline to change their Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes. An Announcement was made on 18th November on HCI London website that MEA-Finance Ministry would be setting up a committee to look into matter but up till now, there has been NO further update.
Please let provisions be made for NRIs in foreign countries to change notes.
#MannKiBaat

0 0 #MyGov #PMonRadio everybody are talking about demonitizations ,its problems and its implementations.But nobody is thinking about online security .As this money banned in India,cyber security and hacking cases are been increased .So implementing strong technical support for online security must be needed in order to make Digital India successfully .

0 0 Need of More Homely Old age homes
Government, NGOs, Religio  Organisations , NGOS, Corporates all to unite and set up more and more different types/class of old age homes, these homes to be set up by converting big bungalows, homes to old age homes, allotting pockets of land from 1 acres to 5 acres at various surroundings of Bangalore and constructing old age homes. The old age homes be free and also semi luxury and luxury. The main thing is to create the best homely atmosphere.

0 0 Need for Pension reforms
The concept of pension in India is biased, only the rich, elite, they are enjoying it, the really poor, lower income group they are not getting any benefit.People are getting pensions upto Rs. 80,000 plus also when they retire they get huge benefits, added to this they have this CGHS and other free health benefits.
A retired garment worker and other workers,  he will get Rs.500 pension or no pension, they have to pay huge money on health because they have no free hea

0 0 Instead of wasting crores on these useless advertising and self praising use it for practical social service project.Take this example if Shri Modi visits Bangalore his party and followers spend so much money in placards, flexes etc. instead why not use the amount to build a bus shelter, Bengaluru needs minimum 200 bus shelters, 200 pedestrian crossings

0 0 We are very much thankful for your courageous decision and effort.Every day on TV i see raids across india and many black money getting caught. approx all businessman who are doing business in india has access to black money or operate some part of their business with black money. example:- Automobile industry whosoever sales falled down steep , shows their buyer were with black money.

0 0 respect sir
please talk about how you are going to change the government staff selection process because all innovatives are not getting chance in india to serve the country. people who can remember more thing are getting chance do you think it is right.  plz provide us a chance to serve for the country. please talk about how you are going to use all talented indians to grow the country. in sports only we are filltering innovative people so please talk about gov jib selection process

0 0 Please appeal to all those who are insisting to receive payment in cash like doctors, laboratories and schools where common people can not fight. Government can issue the Ordinance if required for the consumers "Right to pay in Cashless form"

0 0 Jai Hind Jai Bharat
Jai jai JAWAN Jai jai KISSAN.
Hon'ble PM Modi ji.
....I have maan ki baat about indian armed forces who giving great duty for nation
Pm ji doing some thing like Colombian president juan Manuel santos
Jai Hind Jai Bharat

0 0 Respected sir,
Please make an appeal to women of the country to ask their husbands about source of earnings, stop it if found illegal and to be a leader of movement to fight against corruption starting from their home.

1 0 The funds of all political parties should be brought under income tax regulations. Currently the funds below Rs 20000 are not subject to scrutiny. Every political party should be held accountable to every penny received in their fund. Just like people of India stood by your decision of demonetization, they expect that political parties too are are brought under the ambit of income tax laws.

0 0 Dear PM Sir
    I request you to talk about how citizen can self inculcate traffic discipline while driving. In Mumbai, the drivers while driving, do all sorts of traffic violation especially 2 and 3 wheelers. I feel that traffic jams are mainly due to indiscipline while driving and secondly due to road condition. Request you also to talk about how the municipal cooperation can ensure the road contractors do there job properly

0 0 Dear Mr. Modi,
Trust this message finds you in good health (if it ever reaches you).
How about coming clean for a change? Nothing personal.

0 0 Respected  PM Modi ji
Empty Capsules are making with gelatin. These Capsules are non-veg.please changed the
rules of pharmaceutical companies to making cellulose,empty capsules.kindly
taking steps as early as possible.

1 1 Dear sir,
     मेरे पास एक बहुत ही बेहतरीन आइडिया है
 जिससे देश की बिजली की समस्या हमेशा-हमेशा के लिए खत्म हो सकती है और मैने इस प्रोजेक्ट पर काम करना भी शुरू कर दिया है, परंतु कोइ आर्थिक  सहायता न मिलने के कारण मै चिंतित हुं जिससे कारण मेरा कार्य रूका हुआ है|
    इस प्रोजेक्ट से देश को 100 वर्षो तक बिजली मिल सकती है, कु्पया मेरी सहायता करे| मै आपसे एक वर्ष से संपर्क करने की कोशिश कर रहा हुं आपको कइ बार पत्र लिखा, मेल किया परंतु कोइ जवाब नही मिला व न ही कोइ मेल का रिसपोंस आया|अतः

0 0 Please do something to how to make digital payment for daily needs by a common man. Kindly see my attachment.

0 1 Modi ji I like to request to you all Indian solider and sequrity forses should have persnal insurance of minimum Rs 1 crore of life if they get sahid there family should get money not donation of any ledgers

0 0 Modi ji I like to request to you all Indian solider and sequrity forses should have persnal insurance of minimum Rs 1 crore of life if they get sahid there family should get money not donation of any ledgers

0 0 Modi ji I like to request to you all Indian solider and sequrity forses should have persnal insurance of minimum Rs 1 crore of life if they get sahid there family should get money not donation of any ledgers

1 0 OUR DEAREST PM,
MY HEARTFELT CONGRATS ON ALL YOUR EFFORTS.PEOPLE ARE VERY MUCH BEHIND YOU IN ALL YOUR EFFORTS.PLEASE GIVE ASSURANCE TO THE PEOPLE THAT THESE EFFORTS ON BLACK MONEY WILL SEE THE LIGHT AT THE TUNNEL END. PLEASE TELL US HOW THESE MONEY HOARDERS ARE PUNISHED WITHOUT DILUTING THE LAW AND HOW QUICK THEY WILL FACE THE HARSH PUNISHMENTS. WHICH WE VERY EAGER TO SEE.

0 0 Dear PM
Hamare pass electricity banane ka ek naya tarika iss pic me hai iss gubbare ke bich mei ek fan laga aur gubbare mei helium gas hai isse hawa mei chod kar hum wire ki madat se wind energy harness kar sakte hai.

0 0 Female children have many problems,in schools. Right from 5th class,to 10th. After the crime,many Q?,but there is no prevention. That's why i am saying that,please give the freedom to girls from the threat of male society.private or govt,schools are providing,girls high schools compulsory. co education schools are taking a decision to divide girls sections in another buildings ,with female staff.

0 0 Reservation SC/ST : who have govt. job in ST/SC and good business please remove out reservation if parents are good in financially.

0 0 all traffic polish must have POS systems and cashless....

0 0 Lot of talking about online transaction but there is no secure policy and I have lost my money many times by online transaction. Bank is not given responsible answer refund my amount and there is no center where we can complaint against bank.
Everything is good modi sarkar but this decision is not good. 
Regards
Virendra Singh

0 0 By hert I support your decision of note withdrawn but feel few more step could be taken before it.As monitor electricity bills, making mandatory of use pancard to consume petrol or desel. Monitor and tally both the bills with the consumer's Income tax return. If any discrimination found,enquiry should be done.

0 0 Dear Sir,
This Is Nagaraj Kini from Bangalore.As you know Cash crunch all over INDIA from past 45 days common man is suffering, as your deadline of 50 days is round the corner please throw some more Lights on Future Plan of action in this MANN ki BAAT.
Also why not you consider Printing 200 Rs New notes instead of 500 Rs currency as 200 is 10% of newly introduced 2000 RS notes.

0 0 all traffic polish must have POS systems and cashless....

0 0 all RTO and trafic police and all government office must be on online payment card payment and cashless ....

1 0 I have seen many vehicles but there is not a same type rto number plate …
RTO must be check all vehicle for same type number plate as per RTO approved
And many vehicles have many symbol  and painting I think RTO approved color and vehicle paint must be same by manufacturer type not may paint symbol and name and many things on vehicles
All vehicle must be fix GPS systems not any other name on vehicles like many and many rickshaw has too much sound to mentally harassment to all

0 0 Respected Sir,
I'm very much confused who is mor important a person in an Ambulance or the Minister/MLA/MP.  going with police sirens(front 2-3 vehicles and back 2-3/or more vehicles for security).
I think to stop the passing vehicles to be stopped near signals how its done when a Minister is going on road .

0 0 to bring every child to school we need to focus on teachers school buildings and students. we should have a national mission for primary level and high school level teachers. our school buildings are still collapsing. A good and attractive building with clean toilets and provision for some sports can help to bring the students back to school. dirty toilets and old and bad looking schools wont help.

0 0 Everyone has to give the proof of from where they get the new currency notes with the source and i hope this will work. We have enough time to print 1K rupees note or just 500 rs note and that will definitely able to stop this game of black money. I hope this idea can work.

0 0 Let's say if someone gives black money to submit in bank, then bank need to ask the peoples that when did they withdraw this amount as everything is recorded that who is withdrawing how much from their accounts. So, if someone only able to withdraw 1Lakh from bank till March 31, they should not have more than 1Lakh in 2K currency notes and won't be able to submit that money in any case. That will be the actual surgical strike on black money.

0 0 let's say once 2K currency is going to demonetized by March 31. Then what will happen. The ones who converted their money through incorrect channels has to submit the 2K currency back to the banks and they have to search people to submit their money. Now, we know that we do have limits for the withdrawal which is 24000 per week which comes around 1Lakh per month and the records of the same has been maintained at banks.

0 0 It is an idea on the demonetization.
Let's demonetize 2000 Rs currency note by the end of March 31, 2017. Most of the black money holders already have converted their black money into white by changing the currency with the new currency and putting the amount in the other peoples accounts. The ones which was exchanged from bank back doors which we all knows is and was happened. We do have limits decided to withdraw the money since Nov 8. 
let's say once 2K currency is going to demonetized

0 0 sir, i study in private colleges (b.tech). any competition or seminar done with private college
by which all student encourage from it .

0 0 Respected sir,
   I am sending a photograph published long back in the news paper "The Hindu".Construction of a bridge will be highly appreciated and it's a real service to the people of that village.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Social Awareness / Responsibilities: All graduates students / engineering students should be encouraged to undertake internship programs to educate poor/ illiterate / villagers on number of social issues including digital economy, basic health guidelines, environmental issues etc., All university programs need to update their curriculum to inculcate these habits.

0 0 sir our country must have a national Cord tissue and cord Blood bank like many other developed countries. we can construct a national directory of stem cell by profiling and tagging the population.An android app that allow people around the world to find the matching stem cell. it could bring dollars to our economy. Surrogacy is a reality sir. Our current laws are not helping these wombs on rent. Please do something so that thy become the part of our system and remain shielded by the laws.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आप जोक एड्रेस व्यवस्था की बात कर रहे हैं वह सुनने मैं बहुत अच्छा लगता है परंतु शायद आप को याद होगा कि देश की 70  प्रतिशत जनता ग्रामीण क्षेत्र में निवास करती है जहां पर आज भी पीने के लिए शुद्ध पानी नहीं है जहां से बैंक आज भी कोसों दूर है वही इंटरनेट रस्ता की तो बात दूर घरों में दूरदर्शन चलाने वाली tv भी नहीं है ऐसी स्थिति में जो लोग दिनभर मजदूरी करके शाम को पैसा लेकर अपने परिवार का भरण पोषण करते हैं वह कैसे कैशलेस हो पाएंगे यह यह विचारणीय प्रश्न है

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय आपके द्वारा नोट बंदी का जो निर्णय लिया गया है वह सराहनीय कदम है परंतु आपके इस कदम को बैंकों ने पलीता लगा दिया है उनके द्वारा अपने खास उद्योगपतियोंकोपैसा बदल कर दिया गया है आए दिन मिल रहे लाखों रुपए की तादात में नए नोट बैंकों की पोल खोल दी  है  आपने इस कदम को उठाने के लिए जो सपने सच हुए थे वह  धूमिल हो गए हैं सबसे बड़ा  अहितकारी कदम यह है कि आप अपने देश की राजनीतिक पार्टियों को उनके  चंदे का हिसाब नहीं मांगा है और उन्हें खुली छूट देती है यह सबसे बड़ा दुखदाई है

0 0 Sir,
I have been following the Demonetisation with great interest and think that this is the greatest thing that has happened to the country.We now have a feel of who are all definitely against the interest of this country .
Interestingly, no Award Vapazi brigade has been formed against this.
I for one am convinced that it is simply marvelous that the government&RBI of a country of this size and population is responding so fast to the needs of the ordinary public

0 0 Honorable Sir,
"Mann Ki Baat" since last 26 episodes is touching the heights of emotions and allegiance of Indian citizens. I would also like to contribute some of my inputs to it as I find it an incredible medium to be vibrant.

0 0 'आधार कार्ड को एटीएम कार्ड का स्वरुप दे दिया जाय (प्लास्टिक कार्ड ),तो पहचान पत्र और एटीएम कार्ड दोनों साथ -साथ ,अर्थात बृद्ध और बच्चे सबको प्रयोग में आसानी'| विकास चौधरी

0 0 Hon'ble PM Modiji,
1. SHIVSMARAK- you have touched the hearts of millions of people mainly in Maharashtra by a grand monument of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. Thanks for your efforts.
2. Digital payments- great movement. I am participating in educating people.
3. Pune METRO- Punekars thank you. It will pave the way to progressive Smart city.
4. MAKE IN INDIA- we need to bring large mfg plants- Tesla/ Kia motors etc.
Thanks

0 0 Dear Sir,
In family court all case are pending for year n year. No any result is come out. As husband having job he is enjoy his life no matter about court case but for femal having child is very difficult to suffer. Even if maintainace is sanction by court but the recovery process is too slow and result process is too slow.
Please change the law for women maintance as fast as possible.

1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी को मेरा सादर नमन।
आपके द्वारा जो कैशलेस ट्रांजेक्शन की जो पहल की गयी है , बहुत ही हितकारी है।
पिछले बार आपने मन की बात के कार्यक्रम में जो युवाओ से अपील की थी , मैने आपकी अपील को सुनकर प्रतिदिन 2 परिवारों को UPI apps से cashless tranjection कैसे करे,बताया मुझे बहुत ख़ुशी हुई की आपकी मुहीम से जुड़कर मैने देश को कैशलेस सोसाइटी  बनाने में सहयोग किया। आज मेरे बहुत से परिचित इसको समझकर उपयोग भी कर रहे है।
25 dec 2016 से प्रतिदिन 5 परिवारों को cashless के बारे में बताऊंगा।

0 0 Dear sir,we need to creat visible change like safety,security of second class sleeper passanger,after spending money there are so many unreserved passanger so forget abt safety some time going to loo-toilet is difficult and all the night you need to wakeup to guard your valuables and unreserved passanger enjoy at your cost,system of tc-ticket cheker is failed entierly,railway police are of no use,i think we need to develop sysem so we can see visible change

0 0 Respected Sir, Corruption is the foremost enemy for our development to developed country.Please stop corruption in all levels and whoever be the people. When taxpayers money are used for welfare scheme and nation building why people accumulate black money, they will be happy to pay taxes when Government make it to public the amount of tax collected and the amounts used in welfare schemes.

0 0 sir please control our papulation.this is a big problem in our country.many problem releted this problem.and second problem pollution and envirnment.sir please save tree,river,land,forest and animals and birds.my english is weak please understand.i hope you solve this problems.thanks

0 0 Sir, I am Sanjeev Kumar Saini,Divisional Accounts Officer-II, Currently working in Indian Audit and Accounts Department (AG A&E-II), Maharashtra. I have certain suggestions regarding using our existing EPF/ NPS structure to bring millions of people under social security schemes before next financial year by using new IT enabled verification utilities for employees/ staff. I would be grateful if I could be given an appointment at your convenience to explain on the subject.
Thanking you.

0 0 sir my idea is make a scheme for sports with recruit 20 people in each sport in india and train them with an experienced coaches for period of 2 years before olympics.
and provide stipend/salary per month for them.
and this will make financial support for them and they will provide their full potential to achieve the medal in olmpics.
i am sure that with this, india will more than 10 gold in olympics.
mera bharat mahan

0 0 Inviting ideas for PM Narendra Modi's Mann Ki Baat for December 2016

0 0 Merry Christmas sir
India being a developing country is taking many steps for its development only due to you ... Thank you very much. I would like to draw your attention towards unemployment issue as only getting educated is not a way of living. There are many PhD holders,and other degree holders who are doing the job which is completely opposite to their field of education.
Hope you will consider this topic.
Thank you.
#PMonRadio #MaankiBaat #AIR #MyGov

1 0 Sir we have given our ideas on this pdf if you watch and show us the path about this it will beneficial for both us and the entire nation. Thank You for giving us the enormous opportunity to share our ideas and views with you.

0 0 Respected Sir, When demonetization is made, Government has to ensure the availability of new currency to all people. How individuals are getting crores of new currency whereas we common people are not getting money for our daya to day transaction. Please take action to stop this and use that money to fill the ATM and bank for common people use. we need answer why 2000 rs currency was printed.We do e-transactions wherever possible. For 100/200 rs transactions what we have to do.

0 0 Sir,
Now a days, every financial transaction is turning cashless and made thro' ONLINE.  Please think over in arranging the financial services of Post Offices (eg. savings deposits; PPF and many more) also in-to ONLINE so that the amounts can be transferred thro' NEFT etc. thus carrying physical cash and also clearing of cheques etc (which will be increasing now onward due to financial year ending) can be avoided.

1 0 LABOUR EMPOWERMENT

0 0 जय हिंद,
माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी आपने जो नोटबंधी का निर्णय लिया हम उसका स्वागत करते हैं बस एक वचन दे हमारे इतनी दीक्कते उठाने के बाद एक भी बेईमान बचना नहीं चाहिए.देश के लिए हर मुश्किल से लड़ने के लिए तैयार है हम भूखे रह लेंगे पर देश झुकने नही देंग.
जय जननी जय भारत.

0 0 i sad at army,why you not upgrading new weapons.our soldiers dying in the border sir.i like what you did in cash and get black money washess in country.try to change indian mind sets.most people studied and not studied doing the same in the country. spting on the roads,making urination in public.you implimented toilets on road sides like in swatch bharath,no body using that because,nobody cleaning and no shame that people watching.make it sure in ur man ki bhat sir.i salute every indian soldier.

0 0 My idea is to create awareness of the significance of the digital payments system through Mainstream Media. Most of the media houses own many TV channels, newspapers, Magazines in English, Hindi and regional languages. We need to incentivise the Mainstream Media houses to discuss the importance and long term benefits of going digital in a concerted manner at all levels throughout the country. Roadshow and local language programme should drive this for the media. #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Two challenges for nation.

0 0 Mumbai Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Memorial - Strategic defense use of the memorial apart from Indian Pride.
Proposed spend of 3600 CR looks like very high, I don't know real plans but as a strategic location of Mumbai in Arabic sea, importance of Mumbai as a economic center, it is very important to safeguard the Mumbai port. And provided ready opportunity we should be strategic in planning from national security perspective and merge national security plan with memorial plans.Jai Hind!

0 0 hi sir,happy christmas to you and new year 2017.i like to know what you did this 2016 year,not only me whole country wants to know.your ideas was great i salute for you.but why,your implementations was going slow making mistakes in it.main this year i sad at defence ministry and education.from the independence of our country.40%people not studying, in 21st century 14% women geting married before 18.i like to change in.my country wants stand in all in its best than any other country

0 0 Sir, Pappu’s bribe charge & u r not replying, hurting on your image. Plz plz plz plz speak this much
“Jo 5000cr ghotala ke case me bail par he(RaGa) unko bolhta hu… Yeh case kiska chhedkhani he kounsi officer ke madyamse…. Yeh apko maloom he mujhe bhi maloom he, naya party he, PM banna he, ethics nahi samajhta he(AAP-kejriwal),
Sirf yeh case hi nahi, koyi bhi bhrastachar ke case mere paida hone se abhitak ek substantial proof ke sath batao, jis chauraha pe bologe wahan pe shuli dene ke liye

0 0 Sir, Pappu’s bribe charge & you are not replying, hurting on your image. 
Plz plz plz plz speak this much
“Jo 5000cr ghotala ke case me bail par he(RaGa) unko bolhta hu… Yeh case kiska chhedkhani he kounsi officer ke madyamse…. Yeh apko maloom he mujhe bhi maloom he, naya party he, PM banna he, ethics nahi samajhta he(AAP-kejriwal)"

0 0 Dear Sir,
Once again "Digital Kranti"

0 0 sir , affordable  health  care  for  all  ,similarly higher  education  facilities  for  all  deserving  candidates ,as  there  is  at  least  80  lac donation  for  medical  students  and  40  lac  for engg  classes  ,and  20  lac  MBA which   are  out  of  reach  for  poor   and  middle  class , --- moreover  electioneering   has  been  converted  into  a big  profitable  trade  , election  program may  be  curtailed , and all  elections ,parliament ,assembly  municple bord held simultanious

0 0 Dear PM Shri Narendra Modi Ji : Please include my sentiments in Man Ki Batt 
“MY COUNTRY IS REBORN AFTER DEMONETISAION”.  
Living in e-environment is going to be a unique experience for the people of this Great Country. 
Wing Commander Subhash Chandra, Jal Vayu Vihar , Ashiana, Lucknow

2 0 Honorable PM of India,
I would like to bring to your notice about the quality of education in India.
I am telling from my experience I see in my life and when I talk to kids.
Now a days nobody is taking teaching profession as a career, but by fortune or force.
When I ask kids how many teachers in your school are PHD or MS or Mtech. There is not a single one. This is about big schools. Small schools pay 3K to 8K to teachers.
So you can imagine the future we have in coming generations.

0 0 Dear PM Shri Narendra Modi Ji : Please include my sentiments /slogan in Man Ki Batt 
“MY COUNTRY IS REBORN AFTER DEMONETISAION”.  
Living in e-environment is going to be a unique experience for the people of this Great Country. 
Wing Commander Subhash Chandra, Jal Vayu Vihar , Ashiana, Lucknow

0 0 I would like to share my idea on this topic which will lead my country to a developed nation from a developing nation. Sir, The seminars and other such things should be organized in the schools, colleges, universities and other educational institutions as well as other organizations which are headed by Govt Of India. This will lead the students and others to know the benefits of cashless economy.
It should be mandatory. And the proof regarding same has to be submitted to Govt Of India.

0 0 talk something more on education and the great jobs which our scientists are doing including the recent research at IISc Bangalore which will make wifi speed 1000 times faster.IISc beat IBM research centre USA in this field.

0 0 Sir,I am very happy for demonetization personally but one experience I must share to look at negative impacts like In complete Punjab,all banks & ATM were closed when I visited this place(11 Dec 2016).Due to demonetization no cash available with people.Robbery got increased with visitors coming from different city & state.Purse snatching has increased lot in main road & markets in day time openly.Please sir,My request to take some steps for such negative impacts as well which make suffer baldy.

0 0 Sir,
Quality of education has degraded to a level, where it needs your dire attention or it may uproot the strength of the society. Appointment of teachers, guidelines for continuous professional development, grants for research activities should be fool proof and no scruples. Heresy, bribery at Vice-Chancellors level for recruitment and research grants, it is demotivating for those who really upkeep their ethics and modesty with life. Please take this as your agenda in anti-corruption action

0 0 Sir the Central Government has started the digitized india platform for digitization of documents last year. But the site for the most of the year become non-functional. It would created opportunity for earning from home if properly operated. Also central government should bring legislation to bring all the digitization of documents all over india under this platform compulsorily thus would create opportunity for earning as well as digitization work will also get momentum.

0 0 Update post demonetization. Assurance that from Jan 1,2017 cash withdrawal will be easy. Update on up skilling India.

0 0 Respected sir
Money transfer using *99# is most suitable for village people as it doesn't need smartphone,net,card and pos. But unfortunately very few people are using it. To promote this system may I request you to appeal people to donate Rs 1 to PMGKY using MMID and mobile no of PMGKY. If @ 20 cr people do one transaction we can truly go for cashless transactions.

0 0 Hello sir, I want to discuss this idea about providing micro loans to small time vegetable,fruit,flower vendors in big cities. The idea is to request and incentivise finance and micro finance companies to set up micro loans stalls at big markets in all Metro and Tier1 cities.
 Loans can be provided after registration of the vendor using Aadhar/other IDs. Loan disbursal is done based on the repayment record of the vendor. The vendors can be advised to use digital payments only #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Sir,
I share your concern of corruption and lack of knowledge that has hardwired into our present society. Opinion reserved- Health and education, recruitment should be based on merit only indiscriminate of caste, gender etc. Being a psychologist, it is my view that lack of education and training in their own field paves way for indifference, profit and power motivation and gross mismanagement/disorganization. Build schools/hospitals to reach the outreached and provide free services.

0 0 Sir, Right to job is our constitutional right. But the maximum age for entry into the central govt. service is 27 years. Thus deprived many eligible youth for getting the job only due to the age bar. I personally think there should be any age restriction for entry into the govt. job. Thus violate the our constitutional right for job. Only the age cannot decide the eligibility of a person, everyone should get chance to prove himself/herself. So i earnestly request to consider the proposal.

0 0 Wall of Wisdom   Neki Ki Deewar   Real pride of India. Indian culture.   Mera Bharat Mahan.
https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&cad=...

1 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी .
मैं उत्तराखंड के जिला हरिद्वार रुड़की का एक नागरिक हूँ। मेरा नाम वरुण दुआ है । एवं एक शिक्षक के रूप में कार्यरत हूँ।
सर मेरा मानना है की नोटबंदी केवल आर्थिक नहीं सामाजिक मोर्चे पर भी एक ऐतिहासिक कदम है सर जो महिलाये , दलित और गरीब लोग कभी बैंक नहीं जाते थे या ये कह जाने से घबराते थे आज वो बैंक की कतार में खड़े होकर अपना हक़ मांग रहे है । अपने वित्तीय अधिकारो को समझ रहे है । महिलाये वित्तीय सेवाओ से खुद को जोड़ रही है । यह आर्थिक ही नहीं बहुत बारे सामाजिक परिवर्तन को दर्शाता है ।

0 0 Corruption has been on PM's agenda. Instead of talking about punishing the corrupt, PM needs to talk about reforming the corrupt. Talk about ill effects of corruption and how thousands of people are dying every day due to corruption. PM needs to know that the corrupt govt officials are just like common people but with misguided ideas on money and service. They are not hard-core criminals. Unfortunately they are made to be corrupt as they paid bribe to get govt jobs. stop the vicious cycle.

0 0 http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_640x362/HT/p2/2016/09/18/Pic...
http://images.jagran.com/naidunia/neki2_201696_224450_06_09_2016.jpg
https://www.google.co.in/usa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&cad=rja...
All images are for Neki Ki Deewa

0 0 Prime Minister sir four ways to curb black money from abroad-
1.Use mutual assistance pacts to ask another country's govt to share details of certain individual.
2.German french way to Bribe senior officials of banks and get data.
3.Arrest officials of Foreign banks who don't oblige with details.
4.last is UN Resolution on corruption of 2005 in which one can pass a law saying all indian accounts in to countries are hereby nationalised.UN will oblige to help.
Bibhuti,Hajipur,Bihar
Jai Hind

0 0 Respected PM sir, At the outset I want to express my congratulations and best wishes for the bold step of demonetization. I want you to look into following area. In India Land Records were not updated timely. I suggest you to take steps towards digitization of land records across India and simultaneously link with aadhaar database so that right & legal ownership can be established. Moverover, at the time of land acquisition, compensation to the right person also ensured. With best wishes...

0 0 Tomake Digital or cashless India, everycitizen whoever knew about it has to take responsibility to make surrounding people atleast along with the Govt need to support ,we have to wake up now,i just want to tell you my small effort,fortunately i got chance to travel to my village[PASIKHERA, KANPUR, UP]lastmonth from bangalore working in private IT company, idecided that i will educate atleast 5 people in my village,i personally spent 3 hours & educate 103 people& got very good response

0 0 Sir,
Referring to CAG report on New Indian Express dated 21-12-206 on misclassification and misappropriation of funds towards grant-in-aid, Suggestion- Cash Cards for every single project funding or grant-in-aid. Operations can be made only with swiping of the cards and no cash transaction/bank transfers. The funds be debited to your centralized accounting system and final audit can be corroborated with both field level books of accounts and your system based financial statements.

0 0 Sh. Narender damoder das modi ji ek request thi aapse ,ki sabhi govt. se related peoples like:politician , govt. employees (central level or state level)ke bacchon ki education sarkaari school aur health treatment sarkaari hospital me hi hona chahiye
jisse samaaz ki economic power improove hogi. Jisse hum hgaq se keh shakte hain ki mera desh badal raha hai .

0 0 Sir,I really feel this small things which happen with people like Robbery,Harassment,Keep waiting in banks & hospitals.It make difficult & stress full life.I at least expect police do investigation completely & update each&every steps taken & response to person who has given FIR.In my purse snatching case police don't even put efforts of searching them through CCTV available on road.This kind of people must get punishment so will think 100 times before doing it again. Sir we must stop all this.

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
महाराजांच्या स्मारका साठी वेळ आणि पैसे खर्च करण्यापेक्षा महाराष्ट्रातील किल्ल्यांचे साफ सफाई आणि डागडुजीकरण सुरु केले पाहिजे. किल्ल्यांवर पर्याप्त सोयी सुविधा उपलब्ध करून दिले पाहिजे जेणेकरून पर्यटन वाढेल, किल्ल्यांचे महत्व लक्षात येईल. किल्ल्यांजवळील गावांचा विकास होईल. किमान आपली संस्कृती तरी माहित होईल.
३६०० करोड रुपयांमध्ये किमान १० किल्ल्यांचा प्राथमिक विकास तर नक्की होईल.

0 0 Respected Sir,
First of all, I would like to thank you for such a great move of demonetization for the welfare of people of India.
I want to share with you regarding our education system. According to me, the main purpose of getting education is to become knowledgeable. But, being a student, I have realized that our theory-based education system is delivering less knowledge with a lot of stress among students. It is not good for youngsters. Kindly pay attention.
Thank You.
God bless you.

0 0 Sir, I have made a report on the problems that common people are facing in the common era and a possible solution to them. I have wanted to send it through "write to the prime minister" but there are technical glitches in the website so I am unable to send my file or even written format report through it. I humbly request you to look into it. Thank you sir. HAI HIND!

0 0 To ensure public confidance in Govt  that PM doing every good for us , need immediately 24 hrs open ATM full of currencies,Rs 100,500 sir. BJP in real sense much better party ever come in ruling of Nation.
My suggestion is after 47 days observed all conditions faced in money procurement,Banks and Post are not favouring ,Man ki bat of ending year will give good news .Thanks

0 0 नमष्कार प्रधान मंत्री जी,  संदीप रॉय, देवास , (म,प्र) से लिख रहा हु । कृपया कार्यालय विकाश आयुक्त (हस्तशिल्प)जो वस्त्र मन्त्रालय, यहा के अधिकारियों के द्वारा पिछले 3 वर्ष मे लगभग 30 बार गाइड लाइन मे बदलाव किया गया । जिस से सभी स्कीम समय पर पूरा नही हो पा रहा है । 12 वी पंचवर्षीय योजना के  गाइड लाइन भी 3 बार बदलाव किया गया । यह सब अधिकारियों द्वारा गलत मंशा से किया जा रहा है जिस पर ध्यान देने की आवश्यकता है । एक गाइड लाइन 5 साल चले तो "पहचान" कार्यक्रम को गति मिलेगी । धन्यवाद।

0 0 Health is one of the major expenses for which people keep cash at home.
For the less cash initiative to be successful,this expense has to be covered.
First step would be to encourage people to get health insurance..Government/private.
Second is to allow smaller and medium size healthcare services to provide cashless services. Today the list of empanelled providers is miniscule compared to the actual number of healthcare facilities.Insurance companies should hasten the process of empanelment.

0 0 Sir, I like cashless system.Now we have no problem to handle bank transaction.But sometimes the availability of internet is too slow.So improve the internet connection and keep 80% cashless system and 20% cash system i.e huge payment more than Rs.5000/-is compulsory bank through and below cash only  allowed  2 or 3 times in every month.Will not allow any discount in cash payment and pay  discounts only cash back offer or electronic wallet.And reduce the credit card interest rate.

0 0 Dear PSji (Pradhan Sevak ji),
We can use our highways and Rail tracks for solar power panels as most of these highways and tracks are remain unused for most part of the days. France has already implemented it. It will help generating enough energy to light up near by villages and industrial areas.

0 0 Respected sir,
On diwali you have said that this diwali for those soldier which are on border and for all soldier.Sir i am son of an EX-servicemen Army person and we ECHS Health club with Helpline 1800-114-115 but it never works.Sir our soldier in service and ex-servicemen condition is not much good.Please do something for our soldiers.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नोटबंदी एक अभूतपूर्व फैसला लेकिन उसके आलावा आप राजनितिक पार्टियों को सुचना का अधिकार अधिनियम के तहत लाएं और साथ साथ आयकर विभाग के सेक्शन 13A ,1961 के कर कानून में बदलाव करें जिसके तहत राजनितिक पार्टियों को कराधन में छूट मिलता है क्योंकि भाजपा बहुमत में है,साथ ही राजनितिक पार्टियों से एक एक रुपये का हिसाब लिया जाये । प्रधानमंत्री जी ये पाया गया है कि चुनाव आयोग के लिस्ट में विभिन्न राजनीतिक पार्टियाँ ऐसी हैं जो कागज़ पे हैं,वैसी पार्टियों का सदयस्ता रद्द किया जाये ।
धन्यवाद

0 0 Dear PSji (Pradhan Sevak ji),
In our country most of the people don't follow rules and laws. Many people travel ticketless and dont carry required documents in their vehicles specially pollution certificate. If we start charging heavy fines from them we will get more amount than that declared in IDS
schemes.

0 0 Pl see the attachment

0 0 SIR,
 Instead of income tax,charge super luxury tax on all items above a particular amount (for  eg:15000 or above any kind of transactions). This will fetch government a large amount. Also if so remove all taxes on food and daily use items.This will reduce money inflation as well as price inflation. Also this will increase the income of government instantly. This idea came to me because all people make black money to buy all these kind of luxury items.

0 0 Hello Modi Sir, I am Kinjal Brahmbhatt Dalvi from Mumbai.I went to Amritsar for golden temple Darshan.There I had an experience of purse snatching.Actually i was coming back from Wagha border in auto with my husband & in main road after Khalsa college 2 guys came in bike & snatched my purse & run away.My expensive stuff & cash of approx 20k & most important identity proof has lost with that purse.I have given FRI in Amritsar thane as well.I request to stop such robbery by keeping security tight.

0 0 One surgical strike on Real Estate is required. As a honest tax payer, I'm not able to afford a housing. Link all Property details to Aadhaar, those who do no have Aadhar registration the property should go to government. That is the only way to make the housing affordable and common man can live in own house.

0 0 Dear PSji (Pradhan Sevak ji), i would like to suggest you to do something for poors and farmers. Rich are becoming richer while poors are becoming poorer.
Please reduce the difference rate of wholesale price and retail price as all the profits are taken by middle men. A Potato for which farmer get Rs 2 per kg is being sold at Rs 20 per kg to retail customer.

0 0 Respected Sir,
We are for a cashless and digital India. Now almost all institutions accept payment through NEFT or e-payment after registration.
However, there are still some core Government departments such as DOT, WPC (Wireless Planning Commission) etc. those insist on payment by DD (Demand Draft) only. This increases hassles at both senders end and receivers end due to logistical issues.
It would really help if all Govt Departments are instructed to accept e-payment only.
Regards.

0 0 See 7 Years journey of INDIA Redefined in 24 States  http://tinyurl.com/gwuuw3o (Activities Pics) http://tinyurl.com/gqsbtdq (Vision) http://tinyurl.com/jj76ja5(Projects Presentation)- A Collaborative Approach.INDIA Redefined has evolved into a PLATFORM,“ONE STOP SOLUTION" (from CSR Chartering to Project Design & Implementation to M&E and Reporting),with 8 lakhs  “on the ground” Doers spread across the country,200+ NGOs,Experts(1800+ man-years experience)covering all social verticals.

0 0 please sir every traveling bus and other transport vehicle passenger payment by digital payment. all bus and transporter issue permit in condition in this condition apply

0 0 See 7 Years journey of INDIA Redefined in 24 States  http://tinyurl.com/gwuuw3o (Activities Pics) http://tinyurl.com/gqsbtdq (Vision) http://tinyurl.com/jj76ja5(Projects Presentation)- A Collaborative Approach.INDIA Redefined has evolved into a PLATFORM,“ONE STOP SOLUTION" (from CSR Chartering to Project Design & Implementation to M&E and Reporting),with 8 lakhs  “on the ground” Doers spread across the country,200+ NGOs,Experts(1800+ man-years experience)covering all social verticals.

0 0 Dear Sir, I am one of the Strong supporter on your demonetisation initiative and advocated that finally someone is showing spine to act against Corrupt. But the whole Digitalisation is not looking great considering LIC is charging 5% on Card Payments, Property tax office in Chennai don't accept Cards, every cashless Transfers are charged. Even IT dept is not responding to my emails and want me to come personally. How this will Help Digital India. Sir I believe you are the only one to Change.

0 0 Respected PM JI,
 First of all I salute you for your one after another bravery reforming steps for silent revolution in the society.Plz go on until or unless the goal is attained.We all the Indians are with you.Thanks a lot once again for your Movement.
I don't prefer / dare  to advise you as your thinking and observing Power is more than that of us in any field of the society.

0 0 The government is asking every one to go cashless economy. Yesterday I have booked my cooking gas through online payment made though SBI net banking the bank charged RS 7 as service charge and tax is the Prime minister is having any reply for the excess  amount bank collected can you refund it? Hope you will look the matter.

0 0 Challenges and support to physically challenged people and their future.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Cashless economy is very important, but when it comes to some incidence like paying to LPG cylinder hawker, it is always they demand in Cash. Instead , they should come with a card wipe machine or they should be linked with Bank UPI to pay these.
Thanks for paying attention towards it.
जय् हिन्द्
Best regards
Rahul Sharma

0 0 A Win-win idea for govt with no cost.
Public transport (Buses & Local Trains non a/c) should be free for commuters.
To recover the loses, govt can charge aprox Rs 1000/ house in annual house property tax (500 for train + 500 rs for buses).
To reduce operating cost of Buses, buses can go for solar power / cng etc. Conductors can be converted to drivers as no conductors required.
If implemented, traffic & pollution will be reduced to great extent and govt can save on fuel import cost.

0 0 PMs 1000 Smart village.  Creating smart villages in every district of India. New village center, multi purpose shopping mall, residences etc etc. Will be a great initiative.

0 0 respected sir,(1)me and my village residents are interested in becoming cashless.but very few know about it.so,aarange a training camp for us,please.(2) debit card in my village bank is not issued from long time in brkgb branch,on demand they say that we donot have time to distribute.(3)your dream is availability of electricity 24hrs.my village supplied electicity 20/24 hrs 2months ago.But we got supply only 8hrs./24 hrs.on name of elect.theft.actully ele.theft is due to elec.dep.officers.

0 0 Sir,
With the cashless economy that we are targeting, it will help if below points can be covered:
- Creating strong laws/regulations and strong arbitration system for quick resolution of frauds in online
- Insurance for e-wallets and online transactions
- How youth/women can come forward to train people on cashless transaction
- Wholesale markets for promoting cashless transaction
- Subsidies on mobiles for cashless transactions
- No data charges for using online banking

0 0 Sir, When gas cylinders are delivered at our house we have to make payment in cash. The person delivering the cylinder is a layman. He cannot accept digital payment. We should be allowed to make digicash to gas dealers at the time of booking only so that cash transaction is avoided.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Give your ideas on how blind people can become cashless because tjey will be finding it difficult to use cards because it requires pin to be entered for completion of transation.
Thaking you 
V.VEERARAGHAVAN

2 0 Dear Sir,
As 1.5 Million Engineering Pass Outs In India Every Year, To grow the Contribute for nation attitude in every engineering student . 
Till to today date Teachers are helping in growing INDIA.
All engineering final year student should have 20 Days of program to share the Government facilities to farmer/worker/uneducated peoples.
e.g.
Where all student will go to villages and share the knowledge
-How to use plastic money/payment apps.
-Remove the fear of online transactions

1 0 Dear Sir,When a lie is repeated a thousand times, at least some people start to believe it. I believe it is time you talk about it. Congress ruled the country for 60 years. Who will have black money abroad, if not Congress? They created the big corporates in India and now they want you to destroy them. Ambani, Lalit Modi , Mallya, Sahara etc.. They gave the loans from the bank without securities, they ask you to get it back. They left the people poor, no bank account and you are blamed...

1 0 प्रिय मोदीजी,
में मुकेश राठोड अहमदाबाद गुजरात से लिख रहा हूँ. मेरे पास केश लेस लेनदेन को बढ़ावा देने का एक अनोखा तरीका है, और सिर्फ केश लेस ही नही देश की और भी बहुत सारी परेशानिया दूर करने की बहेतरीन योजनायें है. यह योजनाये में काफी समय से साझा करना चाहता था लेकिन राजनेता ओ पर मुझे भरोसा नही था, आप पर भरोसा है इसलिए में यह काम देश हीत में करना चाहता हूँ. में अपना जीवन देश के नाम करना चाहता हूँ. इसमें मेरा कोई निजी स्वार्थ नही है सिर्फ आपके किसी विश्वसनीय करीबी का साथ चाहता हूँ. जय हिंद.

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels. And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
I fully support your act of Demonetization but people are still facing many issues.
Why can’t we take Steps for stop taxing the vendors for using card less than Rs 100. If We take this initiative Small vendors Like Vegetable sellers , Fruit sellers etc .. will start using Card machines and People also will not hesitate using Cards.
In Railway stations also we can use cards for Local trains and People will Start using Debit cards. I have attached a file for brief description.

0 0 every home according to size must have plants, for oxygen supply and freshness. outdoor garden a must. PLanting fruit bearing and neem trees get discounts.

0 0 Dear PM sir,
I suggest maximum cash limit should be as under.
1.. For Family in residential house.. Max. 2.5 lakhs
2.. For traders... Maximum 2% of annual turnover ( One week cash max.) or 8.5% of annual profit (one month profit ) which ever is higher.
3.. for employee.. Maximum 1.5 month salary.
4.. For industries .. cash limit One month transactions of last six month average of total purchase or payment done below Rs.20000. For higher than Rs.20000 purchase would be by checks only.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Please talk about the Rights of persons with disability bill which was passed by both houses. There are about 2.1 crore disabled people and most of them also belong to BPL. Disability and poverty go hand in hand and most importantly there is a lack of job opportunities for them. Apart from this, we need to ensure all public buildings should be accessible. As a society we need to be more inclusive.

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing with anonymous donations of any amount. These be accepted only through banking channels. And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 a competition for future city.. magnetic roads with fiber optic lighting and info system. all vehicles to come with an app which has them on radar. type origin and destination- pay all tolls in advance. get routing and rerouting on real time. track all vehicles for accidents and mishaps. auto info to medical facilities and police. no criminal gets lost.no threft of any vehicle.

0 0 For every infant or todller we can have mother care at army schools taking care of them. thus employment for women too.

0 0 respected sir,
     To achieve cashless economy, government should fix maximum amount can be keep per family (like five lakhs/family), excess amount should be deposited in their account after verification of source of income. Before that government should make (service)tax and transaction fee free for all small amount transactions permanently. 
        government also focus to implement all government department payment comes under one wallet like 'AP Purse' #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat,  #MyGov

0 0 dear sir since there is drought in India and there is water scarcity so my suggestion is let's talk about joining rivers in India making empower Nation

0 0 Respected Sir,
Please tell us about the most awaited New Education Policy. When will it come?
I also urge you to change the practical exam pattern of school and college exams. Today it becomes only a formality.
A student who fails in theory paper, can get full marks in practical. How is it possible?
Sir, Please do something about it.
Thanks a lot.

0 0 Filling up a water body shall be declared an offence and should be punishable. please determine the size or they will make potholes on the road and wont fill it. polluting a water body is a punishable offence. garden competition and price goes to gardener alone. all city gardens must shine or we will replace gardener. all roads must be clean or cleaner is replaced. he can digitally collect fine form people spitting on road. he gets a percentage.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I Suggest to u for money problem and line controlling on front of banks.
My Suggestions
Please Apply Adhaar Card On Atm Machine to One time Access at a time only for one and two atm access in a day.and same procedure follow in bank this only one method for controling bank lines and controling money. may be 80% persons made Adhaar Card and Many Person not use ATM.

0 0 Please link desalinated sea water to rivers and make a network of canals and ponds. Thus no drought effects any area again. all have to be motorised so water can be filled in and taken put. low water fill in, floods- drain out.vacant dams under-ground for it. Actually they are nature made but get filled up with sand and pollutants. so laser study of underground system and interconnecting them . law for not pilfering underground water with sewage system.

1 0 #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov
http://mudholnews.blogspot.in/2016/12/LettertoTheprimeMinisterofIndia.html

0 0 making huts and tents to be taught at basic. by graduation plumbing and fittings, electrician and carpentry to be known to a person. making basic house and factory and arranging for renewable energy for home and transportation. todays youth though may be literate but knows nothing about survival. weather identification and staying safe in storm. identifying tsunamis and earthquakes through nature and animal study.

0 0 separate session for girls and boys and transgenders. the transgenders are great warriors and have nothing to loose. hence ruthless and fearless... collect them and make them sepoys or rank up. no one is roming and begging in society. sports are a patchwork.. encourage schools to produce athletes.  making a ground compulsory for all schools and having gym. in cities like mumbai roof top can be used as well as basements and refuge areas. fighting kids be trained in boxing etc.

0 0 अतः महोदय यह कार्य जितनी जल्दी हो सके उतना देश के हित मे होगा तथा एक ईमानदार करदाता अपने आप को ठगा  हुआ सा महसूस नही करेगा.
जब श्री अटल जी प्रधान मंत्री थे तब से मेरे मन मे ये विचार  था कि  हर आदमी  का एक नंबर होना चाहिए जो उसके जन्म के बक्त ही उसे मिल जाये और ये नंबर पिन का एक्सटेंशन होना चाहिए जिससे व्यक्ति के पैदा होने का स्थान भी पता चल जाये. इससे शरणार्थियों कि समस्या का भी कुछ हद तक समाधान हो जायेगा.
यह नंबर हर जगह अनिवार्य होना चाहिए आदमी के "जन्म से लेकर मरण तक"

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान मंत्री,
श्री नरेंद्र मोदी,
सविनय निवेदन है कि कृपया हर पचास हजार रूपये से ज्यादा कि ख़रीददारी पर आधार कार्ड / पैन  जरूरी कर दिया जाय,
पति पत्नी का आधार नंबर तथा पैन आपस मे लिंक होना चाहिए. जिससे सरकारी अनुदान या सब्सिडी का दुरूपयोग न होने पाए.
आज कई ऐसे लोग है जिनकी आय लाखो रूपये है फिर भी उनके बच्चे पब्लिक स्कूलों मे EWS कैटेगरी मे पढ़ते है, उनके BPL  कार्ड बने है, जिससे सरकारी अनुदानों का दुरूपयोग हो रहा है.

0 0 COLOR THE SPEED BREAKERS OR BUMPS.
Speed breakers should be colored. Its color may be yellow and red striped. Often at night we can't see the bumps as a result we face accidents. Mainly the bike riders. So please pass an order to color the bumps and speed breakers.

0 0 Government Town buses can be installed with RF card reader so tickets can be made cash less. People will charge their prepaid RF card and go cashless.

0 0 After every 6 months their performance is checked. and posted accordingly. so no gundagardi on roads and even illiterates can be used as labours on road making etc. no one goes back to where he came from. no remand homes or sudhar grah. no orphanage or ngo of this type. this system has already failed.

0 0 Pls make soldiers salary tax free and give them more compensations.
There are kids on road, PLease gather them all and train them in army school. there should be no beggar with a kid on road. all kids to be taken up by govt and straight in army schools. this will stop child trafficking. kids either go back to families or get trained and have a sure shot employment. for rowdy kids again we pick them up and physically train them and drain put all pent up energy.

0 0 There are plants like tulsi having great capacity to absorb carbon di oxide. plant them between roads and at the end of it to curb pollution

0 0 to be self reliant organize a fair on renewable energy sources. entry free for all and those who can not come may give video presentations. choose according to location and need and be free.
Carbon footprints: can be obtained by plotting non sunlight based plants indoor. Thus all the homes will be fresh with oxygen day thru.
the combination can be obtained thru mixing them with tulsi plants. so we have exact combination for night time co2.

0 0 vishnumaya where energy can be passed using vacuum theory to any point having same frequency of vacuum. this will save the cost of electrical transportation and will be faster.
water energy to run cars
urine energy for generators
walking and cycling energy
desalination of sea water filling rivers using this water through inter river links and creating new ponds
water thru air and mist.
gobar gas plants

0 0 fusion and then disintegration of hydrogen and helium is main source for all universe.
anti gravity: where the magnetic force of a building neutralizes the gravity and can float over the ground. wind and solar energy can be used to gain momentum to move it.
magnetic field a road can be field when solar charged or magnetically charged through electrical energy repels at great speed. so the car having the same magnetic pole can skid pass at the speed of 200kmph

0 0 Actually energy is present in every atom. its proven by static energy, retains shape and size of atom and hidden kinetic energy , the force by which electrons move and proton and neutron inter conversion. Rishi kanad's work can be used to regenerate huge amount from any group of atoms. energy is absorbed while formation of molecules and is released at their disintegration. this formula can be used to physically transport energy from one place to other... or store it.

0 0 Launch a scheme WINGS OF WOMEN.
This scheme will ensure higher education to all women, professional training and above all freedom of choose life as they dream. Women can be appointed to implement this scheme. The women who are appointed they will teach women how to keep fitness. They will aware them about legal rights. They will describe how uncontrolled population increase will destroy the peace of society, will compel people to do wrong like stealing, snatching, kidnappings even riots

0 0 Dear Sir,
 Kindly help poor farmers in Nagapattinam district in Tamilnadu

2 0 Dear sir,
Please take action on Fack medicine manufactures in India.
thanks.

0 0 Dear PM, I support demonetisation. To make India a less cash economy I would suggest accepting payments via cards at every government counter (e.g. railway reservation counter, electricity bill payments). Also promote card payments in rural India by giving incentives on it.

0 0 Digitisation move is great initiative .Since govt is serious is curving black money,please initiate reforms,simplification in various govt organisations.
Passport seva is a great example,where TCS and govt are involved.Similar initiation required in stamps and registration,income tax ,excise tax,RTO etc.
Please target all govt depts paperless by 2020.India has got so many IT companies .Govt has to use them in large scale.

0 0 Countries like India must need demonetization in order to curb the black money but what really happening is unfortunate. I was surprised why nearly 80% of the ATM's are not filled with cash, even the ATM's which are associated with the branch.
I request you to take serious actions against the Bank Managers who were disgraceful to the move and diverted the money which is received from the RBI to the BLACK MONEY HOLDER's.
#MannKiBaat

1 0 1- DIGITIZATION OF LAND REGISTRATION VIA AADHAAR
2- BAN OF PLASTICS AND DISPOSAL OF PLASTICS
3- CHANGE OF CONSTITUTION OF INDIA IF IT'S POSSIBLE
4- ROAD COMPLAINTS VIA ONLINE, AND HAVE TO BE REPAIRED WITHIN 2 MONTHS OF TIME
5- AND UR VOWED PLANS HAVE TO BE EXECUTED SOON.
 THANK YOU MODI JI. YOU ARE DOING GREAT JOB. I HOPE IT CONTINUES.......

0 0 Digitisation effort is very good move (10/10), but it needs proper infrastructure. Even now internet facilities are not proper in many places. This should be improved and taken care before making any such move mandatory.

1 0 I would suggest a number of steps and I hope most of the steps would be appreciated by all, unanimously and won't create any havoc like demonetization. It would be good if you take BOLD decisions to do any or all of the following steps.
1. STOP PRODUCTION AND USE OF PLASTICS IMMEDIATELY
2. PLANT TREES AND CONSERVE ENVIRONMENT(MAKE IT MANDATORY FOR ALL GOVT. EMPLOYEES)
3. BAN PRODUCTION OF TOBACCO PRODUCTS AND ITS USE STRICTLY
4. BAN ALCOHOL USE(RELIEF FOR WOMEN & CHILDREN)
#MannKiBaat

1 0 Sir, why there is huge differences in salary, facilities, benefits etc given to common men and politicians? Politicians get much more even if they don't work. The examples are given every year in the parliament. They don't pay taxes, they are given so much of incentives even if they don't attend the parliament and complete their duties. We have biometric attendance system, we pay taxes, and we struggle a lot for every thing. Although this won't be easy task, but please take care. It will help.

2 0 #MannKiBaat #AIR sincere request - stop political parties to use large posters to wish birthdays, city visits, high post appointments of their leaders - wastage of lakhs of money and natural resources - if they really want to wish -they can call ...takes only 1 rupee..in this way, these lakhs of money can be used for poor.

3 0 sincere request - stop political parties to use large posters to wish birthdays, city visits, high post appointments of their leaders - wastage of lakhs of money and natural resources - if they really want to wish -they can call ...takes only 1 rupee..in this way, these lakhs of money can be used for poor.

0 0 Diversity of india an impact from political parties to reform.

0 0 Digitisation work needs more geared up. like online pixel converter to data through www.digitizedindia.gov.in ( as snippets are not available sufficiently).

1 0 My ideas continued:-
5. Stop wastage of money and resources by stopping MP's / MLA's and political parties to wish on birthdays, city visits, election victories or high post appointment of their leaders publicly by large posters - if they really want to wish...just call ..takes only 1 rupee !! these large posters all through the city wastes lakhs of rupees which can be used for poor

2 0 My ideas :-
1. Two child norm and raising the age for marriage from 18 and 21 to 21 and 24 respectively.
2. E-Voting. End the polling booth system and start voting on mobile - save crores of money, prevent political parties for forcing people at poll booths.
3. Set u ED and IT scrutinies on expenses of political parties on election prachars. Set the limit to spend for prachar.
4. Steps for afforestation. Individual state wise 25 % green cover criteria established.
more .....

1 0 Cashless transaction system ko education ke sullabus me shamil kiya jaye

3 0 Dr. Yash Hathi here. My suggestion is regarding steps to curb rising population and solving associated problems. Increase the minimum age for marriage for girls to 21 and for males to 24. This will also provide chance for females to complete their basic education [college] and not just 12th [18 year age] thus can be independent. Also the two child norm. Rising population is the root cause of almost all the problems India is facing directly or indirectly.

0 0 bhagat singh, chandrsekhar azad, rajguru, sukhdev ki files khulvaiye

0 0 The efficiency of our Judiciary should be increased. The speed of the cases running in the court should be increased.
When today there are so much cases pending in the court, then to it goes on vacation for 2 months. A country like India which such huge population and many pending litigations, we cannot afford the vacation of the high courts.
My humble request is to revolutionise the Judiciary to make it more effective and efficient in delivering justice.

1 0 माननीय प्रणाम नस्कार । मैं सन्तोष गिरी गोस्वामी जोधपुर से आगामी 26जनवरी को एक शब्द का परिवर्तन करना चाहता हु वो है भारत सरकार द्वारा जिनको शौर्य चक्र परमवीर चक्र जिसको भी मृत्योप्रांत दिया  जाता है तब ये जो शब्द है इसकी जगह वीरगति स्वर्गवासी या आपकी बौद्धिकता से कोई शब्द का चयन करे जिस से थोड़ा ही नहीं काफी अच्छा लगेगा जैसे आपने विंकलाग से दिव्यांग किया वो बहुत ही सराहनीय है और एक अबके मन की बात वाले दिन सभी के मोबाइल पर अपने बैंक की ऐप्प डाउनलोड का बोले उसी वक़्त लाखो लोग जुड़ जायेंगे। धन्यवाद सा

2 0 Regarding Children Adhaar procedure:Resp.Sir, As per attached file&current procedure for children below 5 years no biometrics will be captured. as per my suggestion if children biomatrics details updated by born or after 1 or 2 years it will benefit for children parents if the child will be missing and identified by someone, if identified person go with adhaar center the children details identified very easily. pls do something as child below 5 years unable to talk and identified their parents.

0 0 One generation basked in the independence celebration, one generation was glad to be content  with post independence policies, one gen enjoyed Amitabh Bachhan films, one gen was with SunilKapilSachin cricket, Now its time to appeal the new generation TO WORK HARD, EFFICIENTLY, SINCERELY so that the future is great.  This appeal can be only done by Hon PM Modi since the youth relates to him and his appeal can be on Mann Ki Baat.

0 0 1. Why all the TV Channels should not be held accountable for all the tele-shopping adds.
It will lead to sell genuine goods instead of fake and reduction in corruption.
2. Why Doctors should not prescribe medicine in their generic name/molecule/chemical composition and not in brand name. In this way it will be easier for people to find medicine and reduce corruption in medical profession, and reduction in price of medicine.

0 0 What is the status of the proposal to have paper trail for all EVMs for the 2019 General Election. Is the Election Commission on track to achieve this?
Also, there are problems with the current design of the paper trail system, and the related rules. Please see the attached PDF for details, where I have precisely described the problems and also suggested simple solutions.
I have previously written about this through the PMO website, but never received any response.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am from a small town in Orissa. As now all parents are rushing their children's to public school (even my son is also in one Public school) what i realize, these schools are making the students compulsory every year at the time of admission to buy the new books from there respective schools (course materials are always same except some minor changes sometime). My concern is, why we cannot use old book materials there brother already studied. This is a kind of business.

1 0 The MyGov portal does not allow users to start discussion threads on the issues of their choice. I have several suggestions but often there is no discussion to post them. MyGov should allow users to start discussions on any subject of their choice. Users should be able to tag the relevant Ministries and officials from the concerned ministries should interactively participate in the discussions. If MyGov implements this, it will become a much more vibrant and useful facility. Thanks.

1 0 Banks are reluctant o fund a Startup company. Innovations under India Startup are, therefore, facing financial bottleneck and entrepreneurs running here and there. I would suggest Govt. of India to seriously ponder to bring out an amnesty scheme wherein balck money/old currency to the tune of 5Cr can be invested in India Startup without any penal action within 15th January, 2017 and locked 7 yrs interest free. The move will make India 100 times stronger than one time VDS tax.

0 0 Respected sir, I want to open a secret which was happened in 2006 to 2007, In Indian Army, Artillery division, Deolali, An Officer Name Prasoon Singh, He was the Training officer for Asst instructor of gunnery, He got INR 50000 to 1 lac. For the course from unqualified Gun drill instructors. To give a good grade to become an AIG, when the matter cone to the DG Arty view, the accused was simply resign his job and quit from services.
Is there any chance to reopen this case?

0 0 Respected sir,
           In gov hospital like primary health center have one post of pharmacy officer and working same as central gov pharmacy officer but how the different grade pay salary of the state gov pharmacy officer pls sir give justice to pharmacy officer primary health center thank sir

0 0 Dear modiji
I think you should discuss about digutilizing political funding and one india one election#AIR #MYGOV

0 0 Discuss on grievances which are posted by peoples,
Your Grievance has been registered vide Registration number DARPG/E/2015/13101 .Please quote the same in your future correspondance.
My this post is pending no any action taken by pmo .

0 0 My suggestions are to speak on :
1) Administrative reforms that will make government servants of both center & state to be more customer friendly and helpful to common man and there concerns. This is specifically with respect to Police who have the reputation of being worst in terms of helping a complainant, they literally threaten complainant and avoid registering genuine grievances of public. This is my own experience as an educated individual, its apparent what is fate of uneducated.

1 0 As this is a demonitization time, my suggestions are to speak on :
1) Corruption free India,
2) Rural digitalization,
3) Awareness on online transactions in the rural area by youth,
4) Providing fund support to the NGO's for educating on rural digitalization, online transactions  & their benefits & advantages.
5) As common public are getting disappointed on looting of ₹2000/- notes by influencial people, ensure & give confidence that the looted amount will be recovered.

0 0 sir,
1. Mention what made this delay for transition of demonetisation (if possible).People are still suffeing and the same question.If govt is keen on moving towards cash less economy what are incentives you are bringing in future to make cashless transactions more affordable even to the daily wage labour,Because some banks are collecting more.
2.Advise banks to make sure that aged people served first as they can't stand in line for long hours
3.Assure people black money holders won't be left

0 0 if the interest in really in development of true skill then first remove the barrier of reservation and support poor students regularly conduct cultural sports scientific programs and activities from ground level to massive level and proper prize must be awarded to compete to mobilise their participation all the barriers which stops meritorious students from their personal development to country's development must be removed by giving equal opportunity and Fair selections

0 0 I am a govt servant posted at Delhi. To give a digital push, following are my suggestions
1. Make all govt transactions digital e.g. various utility bills. Give attractive discounts to those who pay digitally.
2. I have seen that there is a reluctance from the trader community to accept digital money. Make provisions to accept digital money compulsorily while renewing their licences.
3. Right now problem is that the common people wants to pay digitally but traders are not accepting it.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Now-a-days, the difference between a General Category Student and a Scheduled Cast or Backward Cast student should be reduced. Because in every sector, whether it is about filling up of a form or admission in a school, the general cast youngesters have to pay a big amount as compared to the SC.
Please Pay attention.

0 0 Respected sir, Here i like to suggest some reforms in SSC.every year SSC faces some sort of allegations of corruption and mismanagement.news came of OMR scam, paper leakage but still no arrest of SSC officials.same thing happened this year.45+extra days for 20k+students.sir i request: 1.handover 4600 & 4200 grade pay post to UPSC 2.CBI investigation of all mismanagement 3.tier 2 re exam 2016 should be taken for all 4.transparency should be ensured

0 0 Dear PM, next month is my uncle's daughter marriage and they are giving her too much dowry.please discuss on it and make a rule to stop dowry system.

0 0 Sir,please highlight the impact created by demonetization on private educational institute. Also the efforts to improve connectivity to improve the quality of education in rural areas.

0 0 Respected P.M
Please issue guidelines on Cash less transactions to all Political parties "How to collect party fund"

0 0 Arvind kejriwal sayad kisi officer ke madyam se Sahara-birla case chheda he.
kyun ke usme 18party k hazaro bade bade neta ka naam he, uska chhod ke...
Yeh baat public me kyun nahi bolte he sir? (Bahot log yahi samajhte hain, me bhi sure hoon)

0 0 Arvind kejriwal sayad kisi officer ke madyam se Sahara-birla case chheda he.
kyun ke usme 18party k hazaro bade bade neta ka naam he, uska chhod ke...
Yeh baat public me kyun nahi bolte he sir? (Bahot log yahi samajhte hain)

0 0 Sir, plz tell...
“Jo 5000cr ghotala ke case me bail par he(RaGa) unko bolhta hu…
Yeh case kiska chhedkhani he…. Yeh apko maloom he mujhe bhi maloom he, naya party he, PM banna he, ethics nahi samajhta he(AAP-kejriwal),…chalo.
Sirf yeh case hi nahi, koyi bhi bhrastachar ke case mere paida hone se abhitak ek substantial proof ke sath batao, jis chauraha pe bologe wahan pe shuli dene ke liye tayar hoon.
par Par chhedkhaniwala arop nikla toh raste ke upar ghasit ghasghasit kar lasakte hain kya?

0 0 I want to give you one suggestion regarding "clean India" .Please provide dustbin everywhere like: railway station, bus station, park, colony and sitting bench area, If you'll not provide the dustbin how can you imagine clean India???? beacuse many time I had face the problem ,so I keep my litter in my bag.

0 0 par…
Par chhedkhaniwala arop nikla, toh raste ke upar ghasit ghasit kar lasakte hain kya hum ”? Batao….he dum….? he dum….?

0 0 Sir, Pappu’s bribe charge & you are not replying, hurting on your image. Plz plz plz plz speak this much
“Jo 5000cr ghotala ke case me bail par he(RaGa) unko bolhta hu… Yeh case kiska chhedkhani he kounsi officer ke madyamse…. Yeh apko maloom he mujhe bhi maloom he, naya party he, PM banna he, ethics nahi samajhta he(AAP-kejriwal), …chalo.
Koyi bhi bhrastachar ke case mere paida hone se abhitak ek substantial proof ke sath batao, jis chauraha pe bologe wahan pe shuli dene ke liye tayar hoon

0 0 PM SIR Please make sure that probes into banks accounts of affluents who have parked a huge amount of money into different banks account to make black into white despite it was expected that a huge money was expected will not come to system. So sir kindly do this to make demonetisation a great sussess.

0 0 Suggestion-Indian Postal Service.
Problem : In current situation if we change our address, we need to update our senders immediate to send all postal to our new address. During this transition period, we loose all postal which is already initiated and to sent old address.
Solution. Our Indian postal service should have an option of Mail forwarding. People should be able to utilize this service with minimal fee by login to indian postal website or visiting nearest post office.

1 0 Dear Modi ji, please examine 'BPAY' system in Australia, it is owned commonly by Banks and allows people to pay bills by phone or netbanking, very easy to use & can remove the need to pay by cash. Every payee has a unique Bpay code & every payer has a reference number (related to payer account with payee). Bpay code & reference number are printed on the bill. when paying, payee needs to enter these details & amount. transaction reference number is confirmed to user. avoid multiple complexsystems

0 0 चलो लाएँ तकनीक की बहार , अजी सुनते हो ! भारत सरकार ?
न हो कभी  शिक्षा की हार ,फिर कैसे पैदा हो बेरोजगार ?
लोकतन्त्र मे पारदर्शिता और जनभागीदारी ही हो हथियार
भारतीय विविधता और पर्यटन से ,भारत दर्शन का हो नवाचार
please read pdf

0 0 Modi ji ko bohut congratulations  Jo bhi Apka kiya ajj Apka shuwat ki or sab hi bidesi bhi note ban kar raha Hai.
Issai hawala Karbar bandh Hai no 1 mai purchase hoga tax bhi ayaga
App builder of pai dhyan rakhiya ga kiuki ya log ka pas jyada kaladhan hai
Income show nahi karta
Or kya mai to Apka fan hoo bass mai bhi Apka Tarah desk ka Seva karna chahta hoo. Jai jinendra #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 nov 8 - decision of stopping 500 and 1000Rs.
Dec 23 dec - what is the counter measures of getting 100Rs amount? other than Paytm and UDI?
you have 1d day to take decision-1
you have 30days to take decision-2?
Decision-2 : I will try to have 50% of uneducated people how to get 100/500/2000 amount rs or transaction easy!

0 0 Market captured by dollar base shops and govt shops stop working, economic got down and within 6 month difficult to live normal life. Stipend which increase 3 times in market price increased 10 times. Intelligent those learn from other experience. i think today enough . rest other day.

0 0 it should be control fast and efficiently otherwise inside enemy opposition party  plus foreign enemy can get benefited. As divide and rule. I studied in Russia. i have seen superpower USSR where we bought in 19 Rubel all necessary things of prepare food in starting and got all republic separated by USA. Then start

0 0 Strict Food Regulatory Authority with standards that match of foreign countries.

0 0 Hyperloop or Maglevs in India.

0 0 8. Introduce Yoga, Sanskrit, Kalaripayattu, Vedas, Upanishads, All Holy Books, Laws, Tax Calculations, MyGov Facilities in the curriculam for students.
9. Canada recently made High Speed Internet available free to all its citizens.Hopefully Jio Internet could provide affordable and easy installation to every home.
10. Government should make a website where knowledge resources of Indian Heritage and Arts be available for download. Such as Geeta, Vedas, Upanishads, Puranas, Shastras, Tantras

0 0 I am Dr Madhumati varma, working as consultant Internist and Diabetologist with Ministry of health Mozambique, Nampula since 2005 and Assistent professor of Medicne with Unio Lurio Nampula since 2009. My qualificaton MD Internla medicine, MMsc Diabetology, MBA healthcare Administration, Going to complete Phd in Medicine Diabetology in April 2017.
It my pleasure to be part of Indian MyGovt. As these days i am seeing ban of notes. i am NRI  no experience of condition now in India but on skype,

2 0 5. Make a portal where people can post videos/photos of offence or crime taking place and police would take charge automatically based on this.
6. Fine (by sending video proof to the above mentioned portal) those who overtake by left side. This is the single most reason for traffic congestion in India.
7. Introduce a page on MyGov where a citizen can find out what schemes and rations that he can avail. This can reduce under used privileges.

0 0 1. Make Farmers first tier citizens. (more benefits compared to working class)
2. Make Reservations obsolete. At least in the education field. Depression and Unfairness to students.
3. Finland recently revised their whole education curriculum to one that is best suited for 21st century. Follow similar plan.
4. Invest heavily on renewable sources of energy and reach top ranking.
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Sir, I have been working in a psu bank as branch manager and posted in Naramada District for six months now. It’s a rural branch and as per my observations in the field, farmers are highly agriculture illiterate here. What I mean is they just grow cotton –a kharif crop and do nothing in rabi and summer season.
When our government is putting so much efforts along with so many types and kinds of subsidies for them, then why they do not grow rabi crops.

0 0 All legal works related court and police fines and other government related matters must mandate payment by credit card or debit card only..
All big and small companies must make direct payments into employee accounts .(No Cash Jobs ).
In this way we can reduced corruptions and black money and we can catch corrupted people in School, Hospital, colleges and in legal department as well. 
Sir I think this are few steps we can concentrate on .. Rest it will work automatically .. !!

0 0 In hospital all payment must made by debit or credit only ..  so people can use their debit or credit card to make all payments and everyone has proof of payment .. and they can show under tax boxes also.
In schools and colleges you must mandate all payments by credit card only so we can avoid big donations ..Don't even give options for cash. I see people pay lot of donations towards child's admission and parents gets frustrated .. You can banned donations requirements ..

0 0 Namaskar,
1. Country First: please encourage people to look beyond the state borders and look at India as the unit so that we can stand united as we fight Pakistan and China.
2. Pride in our Culture and Security: Encourage people to learn our cultural art forms like yoga and kalaripayattu, silambam, auyrveda.
3. Fair environment for everyone to succeed: Please ask people to start appreciating merit and shun reservation system.
#MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 Sir first off all .. Please Hire thousands of people who can educate poor people in this cashless transaction process.. Who can teach them step by step.. Sir open some free tutorials for them in all languages so they can understand in much better way.  Open some free workshop so we can educate people and help you towards this cashless transactions..

1 0 Respected Sir,
I enclose a letter indicating a few suggestions how the 'Black Money' collected as a result of demonetisation can be better utilised.
With best regards,
Mrigankashekhar Shandilya,
Class 7th, St. Francis' College.
#MyGov #demonetisation #MannKiBaat #PMonRadio

0 0 Please talk about Lokpal. when our dream of having a lokpal is going to be true.Also Can you please talk and ensure Builder Regulatory authority is in all states.As i know you have passed this bill so please talk and work on this.Lot of indian are fedup with monopoly of Builder.

0 0 Trains are needeed to connect the city of temples ie., Kumbakonam with the nine temple's for Navagrahas which are nearby kumbakonam at short distanced. For tourism ministry should colabrate with Railways and carryout campaign highlighting the importance with details of temples history or we in TNadu call it "thala purana"~T.k.Raamasubhramaniam

1 0 Respected Sir,
I enclose a letter indicating a few suggestions how the 'Black Money' collected as a result of demonetisation can be better utilised.
With best regards,
Mrigankashekhar Shandilya,
Class 7th, St. Francis' College.

0 0 Instead of different e-wallets app by so many banks.All govt bank must share a single uniform wallet for simple use and easy transformation to digital mode by public. It should be done as soon as possible with govt must launch own uniform app to face future challenges by China major share company like  Paytm

0 0 Instead of different e-wallets app by so many banks.All govt bank must share a single uniform wallet for simple use and easy transformation to digital mode by public. It should be done as soon as possible with govt must launch  own uniform app to face future challenges by China major share company

0 0 Namaskar
You are giving 20 govt and private universities to do research relaxing the rules. But do u know how many students r there for research. GATE-2017 exam helps students to join in IISC IITs and also join PSUs. But students join IITs and left job after 3-4 months after getting the call letter. So many of the M.TECH seats in the old 8 IITs are vacant. take example of IIT DELHI, you can conform it. I am posting a solution in the pdf. Please solve the iisue as soon as possible.U CAN SOLVE IT

0 0 Our nation should stand as one against regional preferences of any kind. It should emerge stronger by demonetizing reservations and discriminations. Regional attachments are respected but nation is superior. Any Indian should be able to get a job anywhere in India purely based on his genuine merit without any discrimination unless the job itself needs specific regional language proficiency. Until then any initiative like make in India in international paradigms will quite remain be a joke.

0 0 Dear Modiji, It hurts to see small kids being used & forced into begging on the streets of our country. These innocent children are hungry, ill treated and abused. Even though our nation has right to education, free meal, no child labor / abuse policies.. millions of our nations future - 6 months-10 yr old kids beg. Action needs to be taken against the begging syndicate(incl.the local mafia, police and government),pick these kids up by will or force and train them in army / special schools.

0 0 I am seeking job as technical architect in Bangalore. I am M.Tech from IIT Bombay. I am shocked to hear hiring consultants ask "where are you from ?" I firmly told "I am an INDIAN". But still she was asking "Which state you are from ?" This is shocking. I am sure,things will be even more embarrassing in future; thanks to 100% local reservation by K'taka. I fear that "I am INDIAN" won't be welcomed in any state despite they may make sure people stand for National Anthem even for regional cinema.

0 0 respected sir,jab desh mein voter card ghr ghr jakr vote lene ke liye bnn sakti hai toh incometax file ke liye ek campaign ki start kyn nhi ki jati jismein ek sath sarkar ek naya scheme launch kr sakti hai jaise ki bpl card ki scheme or white card scheme puri sampati ka ek brr mein hi bayora dena hoga pehle jo v hua bhul kr ab ek nayi suruwat krni chahiye jiske tahat sv ko apni income or property btane ka ek naya mauka mile.or jb yeh puri parkiraya puri ho jaye toh jo v aghosit sampati ho......

0 0 Dear Modiji,
                      The conviction with which you are facing the criticism and defending your actions have made me your fan. Herewith an outline for making use of technology is submitted.

0 0 Respected sir, We called farmers as 'annadata ' but they are in critical condition. They are unable unable to build cemented house. They are unable to bear education fees. They are unable to spend money for their family health. I would like to request you kindly focus on it.

0 0 Dear Modiji,I believe that government should do something for handicap. I have seen, that in most of railways station there's no facility of lift. By adding Lift in every Platform it will have much benifiet to Handicap and Normal people. Firstly,Handicap people they can easily travel from one station to another.They can't climb them-self in Train because of high level entrance in Train. Under every seat of Train, there should be a Dustbin. Special space & Facility of Toilet for Handicap People.

0 0 Respected sir, I am a son of farmer and I was also engaged in cultivation before join job. I can understand the problem of farmers. Farmers are not getting the right value for vegetables & crops. I would like to request you to kindly focus on the farmers that they will get the right value.

0 0 Sir as a student  i want to tell you the mentality of people for hiding black money by giving you simple example.
1) Say i have earned salary income of 400000 and from that i made a saving and invest/deposit in bank, again on the same tax will be levied.
2) Think from business man prospective almost half of income, he will be paying either direct tax or indirect tax.Reducing the tax burden will increase the number of businesses there by recovering the taxes lost earlierby reducing the rate

0 0 Dear Sir, Employment situation is in doldrums. Already there is a turmoil and employment disaster due to demonetisation and international market. To add salt and chilly to the injury, heavy reservations are being sought based on local state affiliation and caste, now even in private. This is a blow to meritocracy. Its sad that your genuine efforts to uplift nation by imbibing a strong national spirit is rubbished by some politicians sheltered totally under reservation banner.Pl save meritocracy.

1 0 Sir
please  convert Hindi to our mother tauguh languages

0 0 Agriculture is a need of an hour . Import of food products, pulses is not what our ancestors would have dreamed for. Technological revolution is must for optimum utilization of resources and maximum production.

0 0 Respected sir,i really thanks u to take such dynamics.sir i need a help,i want to know why bank's recruitment allow only to those who got first div.sir,Is 60% the criteria of brilliant ,sharp student.sir,i kindly request to u to concern on it.In upsc& in being leader 60%isn't essential

1 0 Respected PM -The recycling plastic is big problem of Government. For this I had one suggestion. In order to make smart city road more durable the Government can use the Recycle bottles, plastic material which is in waste form. The plastic can be melted along with Tar and can be used in construction of road this will help to create more durable roads & will extend the life or Roads, even pot holes can be fixed by using mixture of tar & recycle plastic Thus Government can solve the problem.

0 0 Modi Ji Namo, Would like to inform you that only the prices of everything is increasing in our country but the salary is same. Private companies are just giving 3% to 4% hike per annum which means my salary is just 16000 per month and I get just 3% hike which is ridiculous hike. Can you please put a rule on all the private companies that they have to give us minimum of 25% hike for all the old employees and also the new joiners. Please help us to improve our family financial condition. Jai Ho.

0 0 respected sir,
i want you to ask people to take pledge not to burn crackers on christmas day or New year day or on any festival or celebration not to save environment but to save ourself it was a very cumbersome situation on diwali .we should not repeat it.

0 0 Hi Big B, I request you to target all private schools and colleges as they have made it as business rather keeping it as educational place. They are charging extremely high admission fees and also monthly fees. It is very difficult for middle class people to give the education to there children as all parents will have the dream to put the children into private schools or colleges instead of government schools. Requesting you to put some of the rules on all private schools and colleges as well.

0 0 Respected sir in our country many problems are there to solve the problems people have to reach the government every body don't have smartphone don't have knowledge of e mail so government has to do a complaint box in every ward wise in city and rural place and those letters received in complaint box has to be maintained by post offices they have to send to prime minister office to certain related department of will be very help full for common people to reach government, thank u

1 0 Respected PM - The Government should make all State Transport buses (ST) and BEST buses in Mumbai to except the bus fare by Government E -wallets this will help to mobilize cashless transaction and with advance technology the use of cash can be reduced. please try to implement it.

0 0 Rural digitalization ,,,needs a  team in every state district village to spread it,,,also if a bank can established in rural arease it will help rural economy a lot,,,,

0 0 Please make best efforts to make rules about proper functioning of the Parliament. The speakers are not doing anything except meekly telling "please baith jaiye" few times and then just adjourn the parliament. The trouble makers should be sent out of the house by marshals and repeated offenders should be disqualified as MP. Thanks and Regards.

0 0 Sir people should be encouraged to use plastic money. UPIs and not to get used for converting black money to white through their accounts. Wholesale markets to use RTGS/NEFT and cheques. Retailers to promote UPIs, POS,e-wallets. Txn Chrgs and monthly rentals should be waived off. Govt should manufacture AADHAR enabled POS machines and sold to users and payment gateway should be of NPCI and all payments whether it is of VISA, MASTERCARD or RUPAY should be routed through NPCI.

0 0 Why is desalination so expensive?
Water is so much in the sea, and reverse osmosis is natural... Can we find a way to use nature to provide clean clear drinkable water with the help off our sea.

0 0 Please speech about youth activities give a motivational speech to youth for do more and more social works to help needed people.

0 0 Provision half black to head lights of all vehicles. In the present so many head lights of all vehicles head lights are no have half black.then in the journey with this type of vehicles can be accruing accidents to who's will come this type of vehicles front. Due to these head lights realising more focus/brightness. So please pass the rule for half blacking to head lights of all vehicles.

1 0 Respected PM there are many shopkeeper who don't have Debit card swipe machine and they are not interested in installing debit card machine. As they want to do cash transaction so that they can earn huge profit. Government cannot trace the cash transaction and sales done by shopkeeper with cash transaction they can hide there income so please make it mandatory for each shopkeeper to install debit card machine and also keep Government Toll free number so that citizen can put complaints.

0 0 2nd issue. I see cows eating our dirty garbage,  and it makes me sad. I would like to feed the cow offcuts of veggies,  but don't know how to in the city. I did do it once, and it did feel great, too feed an animal without wanting anything in return.... That experience restored my humanity in me.    Can vacant lands in city's and their urban areas be cleared from garbage and the ground be level with grass grown on it to create more green spaces for our city minds and for a cows pit stop?

0 0 Does Burning of Garbage cause increase cases in Hernia operations for 2015?
I would like the hospitals and doctors to do a study on this.
In closed streets where there's no open spaces,  this smoke mixture of paint and dust is unhealthy. 
Can our cities be as clean as Singapore?

1 0 Respected PM There are many Bank employee who are involved in the Converting currency of black money holders, hence it has become necessary for Government to do  Police Verification of all Bank Employee and undertaking must be taken from each employee if found guilty should be strictly punished by Government.

1 0 Dear PM 
Please talk on future of scientific research in India to expose the youth of the India..

1 0 Cashless transaction increase by rewards points on every transaction s. Because many shopkeepers have POS machines but not want to accept.

0 0 Make digital locker accessible to village rural people because we are spending lot of money on documents xeroxs,and scanning documents because they dont have pendrives such things.I am from rural india where xerox shops and scanning centers are not available.Plz come with a solution.Make digital locker is a acceptable every where.

0 0 DTC BUS BHI CASHLESS hona chahiye

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister,
Demonetisation was the great initiative towards the economical revolution in india and curbing the black money. I am an retired Defense personnel from Air Force and worked in State Bank of India after my retirement . We need such strong steps for making INDIA great again here are my views on the better implimentation of Demonetisation.
Regards
Rohini Sharan Pandey
Ex Air Force Personnel
and Retired Banker
Rewa MP

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister,
Demonetisation was the great initiative towards the economical revolution in india and curbing the black money. I am an retired Defense personel from Air Force and wored in State Bank of India after my retirement . We need such stromg steps for making INDIA great again here are my views on the better implimentation of Demonetisation.
Regards
Rohini Sharan Pandey
Ex Air Force Personnel
and Retired Banker
Rewa MP
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister,
Demonetisation was the great initiative towards the economical revolution in india and curbing the black money. I am an retired Defense personel from Air Force and wored in State Bank of India after my retirement . We need such stromg steps for making INDIA great again here are my views on the better implimentation of Demonetisation.
Regards
Rohini Sharan Pandey
Ex Air Force Personnel
and Retired Banker
Rewa MP

0 0 Dear sir, you are doing well for all sectors except farmers.
Condition of farmer is not good.He is not getting money for his product.
Please look at farmers first

1 0 Suggestions for my pm

1 0 Sir, please speak about creating jobs in smaller towns..like online work..and boosting of trade for rural handicrafts, setting up small  units in rural areas and government schemes about the same so that more and more people become aware of the same.

2 0 A few suggestions four my pm

2 0 Respected Sir ,
I congratulate you for taking desicion of demonetization.middle class and poor people are not worried aboutthis.
Please inspire people to use credit and debit cards by giving more consesion on service tax .
Because of few corrupt bank officer ,we are suffering from many problems.
Only national banks should be there.
Chancel all cooperative and private banks.

0 0 There so many wrong notions on generic medicines so please clarify all the people on all generic medicines and give adds in TV above them and encourage cheapest medicines available to public and they are 80℅ cheap

2 0 Sir,  Call volunteers  of retired bankers for examining the cash transaction to deduct frauds. Irregularities are mostly in private banks where mostly staff is not aware of system. Securitinise all payments made out of cash issued to branch by chest. One person told that in Pvt. Bank branch cash was deposited in new notes but cashier was entering old notes instead of new, on objection by customer cashier rectified and deposited new currency...I volunteerly offer my services..retired banker

2 0 You can apply this same logic to States also.
This year budget give UNION BUDGET allocation to only two states.
Only these two states will get economic boost this year.
The following year some other two states.
I think this definitely help.
Instead of dividing Rs. 100 into 20 segment, try to boost only one segment with all Rs. 100.

1 0 When they are in gvt job..self dependent n earning money..then why they enjoy or fight for high jobs.,with a tag under sc quota..,

1 0 The following year no need to allocate any money for the same segment. With the amount of mony and projects it can survive on its own for many years.
The next budget government can do the same with any other segment(department).
For example:
Allocate all Rs. 100 to power sector.
1) Foreign investment will also flow in and the entire country will be surplus in power for years to come.

0 0 Respected sira
After going through the views of people, one questioned arised in my mind as it happens around me only...
Obc quota to rremove ho rha...sc quota is still lingering ... i see sc class people already in government job ..self employed self dependent .. earning inxome from government by doing govt job...but still they are appearing for other exams like ssc cgl ..for higg rank job...BUT ENJOYING SC QUORA AGAIN THIS TIME..
PEOPLE ALREADY IN GVT JOB..SHOULD ENJOY THIS SC QUOTA

1 0 Spiritual development is very essential for development of the nation. Spiritual development supports charecter development and women empowerment. We should understand our rich culture of Vasudheva Kutumbakam and be come more and more rich in all spheres of development.

0 0 Dear PMO,
Please consider this example to plan the budget.
Example:- If the govt has Rs.100 to spend in the next financial year instead of dividing Rs. 100 into different departments/segments and states, allocate all the money to one particular segment ( power or agriculture or roads/infrastructure). Concentrate only on one segment for one complete year.
The benefits are:
1) The particular segment will get unprecedented boost.
2) The work will be visible for public.

1 0 Respected Sir,
My suggestion is directly regarding Cashless system. Sir today we r in the era of a golden change. I as a student is blessed to be a part of it.
Me and my society are ready and truly supporting the Cashless initiative. This is really a good step taken by any govt.
But sir pls ask the Colleges too to be in support of this.
As a student i am really facing problems, where we are unable to pay our fees as the inst. is only asking for cash. Pls ask them to accept digital payment.

1 0 sir please stop writing on new currency in Indian rupees .

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी । जैसे कि संसार के सारे देशो के नाम इंग्लिश में भी उन देशों की मूल भाषा में कहे जाते है तो भारत को इंग्लिश में इंडिया क्यों कहा जाता है? यह भारत माता का अपमान है। मेरा आपसे अनुरोध है की औपचारिक रूप से इंडिया नाम बदल के भारत रखा जाये जिससे भारतीय संस्कृति का प्रचार हो। वेदों में भी इस देश का नाम भारतवर्ष है तो आज इंडिया क्यों?आप देश की जनता से एक बार पूछिये इस बारे में वो आपका पूर्ण रूप से सपोर्ट करेगी। भारत माता की जय। जय श्री राम। जयतुजयतु हिंदुराष्ट्रम

0 0 My suggestion is to sort out the problems of residents of cantonment board.Civil Bazar of Cantonment Board must be attached with State government(municipality).On its behalf central government should ask for the area equal to the civil bazar area from the state in which cantonment is situated or it can be  settled through consideration.CANTONNENT BOARD IS NOT AN DEMAND OF AN HOUR and it reduces the speed of fast and transperant governance.This method was adopted for AMBALA CANTONMENT(HARYANA).

1 0 We can show gratitude to warriors and nation builder by saving a mountain on his name rather than building their statue.
Lot of mountains are destroyed to build cities and constructions.
India’s 70% population stays in villages, make agricultural industry richer rather than metal and mining sector.
Each brick should be counted because natural resources are utilized to make it.
Promote wooden home industry:House in new planned cities shall be like US,Japan style, least use of stone easyRenovt

0 0 I am kindly requesting you take a step against landlord in metro cities like Delhi or Mumbai, who earns 2 to 3 lacs rupees monthly and still not paying any kind of tax. If anyone declares rent aggriment in income tax declaration then landlord PAN no should be mandatory to fill instead of optional whether it is less than 1 lac.Another request to make cashless rent payment through check or online payment.

0 0 I am kindly requesting you take a step against landlord in metro cities like Delhi or Mumbai, who earns 2 to 3 lacs rupees monthly and still not paying any kind of tax. If anyone declares rent aggriment in income tax declaration then landlord PAN no should be mandatory to fill instead of optional whether it is less than 1 lac.Another request to make cashless rent payment through check or online payment.

1 0 cash transactions above Rs.5,000/- to be stopped (except medical,etc emergencies), only bank transactions or digital payment will be accepted. Will also increase taxes as individuals saving taxes on Agriculture income will be filtered.
Digital Payments : Direct Incentives must be given not only to consumer but also to merchants so that they will promote digital payments

0 0 Just a few minutes back I have given my suggestions, but I want to say more.SSC told of  doing re-exam, but how can I be ensured that I will also be given chance  to give re-exam .iI informed PMO earlier,my grievience id number is PMO/E/2016/0560252.I want you to please intervene in this matter,every aspirants of SSC CGL 2016 is waiting for your intervention.We have immense faith on you,please please look into this matter.

0 0 Dear PMOI,
My suggestion is for Swachha Bharat. A lot of waste due to use of plastic/glass bottle of cold drinks or any other consumable items are generating in our country. I have seen in Germany that the all beverages companies are giving facility called "Pfund". The purpose of "pfund" is some amount will be taken as a deposit during the purchase of beverages and there are machines which collects this bottles and give a refund. This discourages people to produce waste. Please see the link....

0 0 It should be made mandatory for all restaurants to have toilet facility.	Most people do not use public toilets because of non-maintenance of hygiene.	Wherever public toilets are made, it should be in sufficient numbers so that hygiene may be maintained.

1 0 Sir,
The whole nation is focussed on demonitisation, but I want to slightly divert your attention towards recruitment process ongoing through Staff Selection Commission. Rcecently SSC counducted CGL 2016 tier 2 exam.But due to technical problems in the system, a huge problem was faced by the students, me too was the victim of such technical problem. How ever SSC announced re-exam of few centres,I also want to give re-exam.I informed to PMO earlier

0 0 All offices, banks, housing societies, temples, police thanas, post offices, courts, Registry offices, market complexes, shopping complexes and doctor’s clinics, clinical labs, should have sufficient number of toilets for public. Legal provisions need to be framed.

0 0 All business transaction above 5 lakhs should  not be allowed in cash, like purchase of Car, jewelry, registry of land and house. These transaction should be only through electronic mode or cheque or draft. Certain transaction like purchase of coslier items like mobile phone worth above Rs 25000, TV set  Rs 50000/ bike worth abvoe Rs 100000/ booking of air tecket or five star hotels, sale of costly wine /liquer etc should be made only through electronic mode.

1 0 Respected Prime Minister,We are very proud of your commendable efforts on demonitisation. We the people of India appreciate nature and diversity. Why we need to associate a colour reffering to “Black” or “White” money to represent evil or good? Nature gives us all these colurs and nature is full of positivity. We should rather use “illicit” or “illegitimate” money to express the money earned or collected by illegal means. Please inspire the masses to use these more appropriate words .#MannKiBaat

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat December 2016, I want to suggest that, the assurance and encouragement to agriculturist, small people that hon. PM are always with the poor and small people, all the decision will be taken in the large interest of common people, further, appeal to them to learn the digital system of payment, the govt. will provide enough cash currency to all the people as per requirement, people should not be worry about it, the cash position will be normal very quickly, best wishes

0 0 Sir, following may be incorporated,
1.From now onwards, in each Mann ki Baat talk, one imp health tip may be added specially for children and teenagers, the future of our country. In next talk, follow-ups may be there regarding these tips in earlier talk.
2.Demonetisation is a big and challenging task and collective and synchronised efforts may bring the normalcy in some areas where related problems are there.
Thanks

0 0 कैशलेस भारत बनाने के लिए एक विचार
मान्यवर,
मैं जितिन अग्रवाल देल्ही के एक इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेज मे कंप्यूटर विभाग में कार्यरत हूँ। मैं अपना विचार देश के तमाम जनता के सामने रखना चाहता हूँ।  मैं आपको बता दूँ की यदि मेरे विचार को सहमति मिले तो देश की अर्थव्यवस्था बहुत मजबूत हो जाएगी तथा हमारा देश दुनिया का सबसे शक्तिशाली और विकसित देश बन जायेगा ऐसा दुनिया के इतिहास में आज तक नहीं हुआ है मेरा विडियो आप अपने माध्यम से पुरे देश के सामने रखें। आपकी अति कृपा होगी।
धन्यवाद
जितिन अग्रवाल

0 0 Dear PM sir
Don't go election campaigns ,people are with you.send your other bjp leaders ,and finally you address in maan ki bath in radio ,and send messages to the people through various resources.I am sure bjp is going to win,because sir you had won millions of hearts

0 0 "ALL PEOPLE GET ALL THINGS"
Every Thing Takeover by Central Governments.(Banks,School,Colleges,ALL Government Departments) 
Government Job Will give all people
monthly maximum Salary Fixed  30,000.
above 30,000 thousand the government takeover in Common Found Account.
The Government Makes More Jobs To This Common Found .
Every Family got Government Job
All People Will Grow-up Economically.
They live Happly.

0 0 Dear PM sir
Address in your speech thanking people who supported you and also condolences to people who sacrifice their lives, elaborate the dollar value prior Independence and how the rupee value degrade due to corruption.people can educate this subject but they believe if PM says.Today your words are precious to people,so i request you to address this in your speech ,lastly don't respond to opposition critics,people will answer the opposition

0 0 Dear PM sir
In your speech address why the tax should be paid,clearly such a way that every indian should understand the importance of tax payment including the illiterate people also.and also address why our people are not growing economically,your speech should be such away that people should feel happy and relief for pain cause post demonization

0 0 "ALL PEOPLE GET ALL THINGS"
Maximum Money Saving in Our Accounts[Include all banks Saving Money]  limited(A to Z) 10 Laks only,(Rich People  or Poor People)
All Departments takeover by Government(ALL PEOPLE GET GOVERNMENT JOBS), No man can't work in Private Sector.

0 0 we should support your clean india mission and make bathroom in my village but sir there are no water in our village then what we should do sir when we go in bathroom then what we use in there
in my village there are no drinking water
so my kindly request to you sir solve my problem
so we use bathroom #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Sir,
Please take a bold diceson on corruption I mean give punish to corrupted person within 7 days.
Now a day, some bank employee broke your demonetization. no any punished the bank employee.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister, 
I have few suggestions for the development of the agriculture sector and the rural economy in India. I would also like to put forth my views and suggestions in relation to the education system, healthcare system, IndiaPost Payments Bank and some welfare measures towards our ex-servicemen. 
The file with my views and suggestions is attached herewith.
Yours truly,
Bijaya Chandra Mishra

0 0 Please save Agriculture and forest... need protection ON DEMAND

0 0 sir, this cash lass idea  views  protaction any  hang or dabit..plz  see this problam

0 0 In cashless society Indians will submit details of foreign friends account details where transaction may done in future.
Govt will develop a software to block all other foreign transaction except these accounts submitted before.
I want justice. I don't want to touch paper money because I don't know the money what I am carrying is never touched by dangerous criminals to perform crimes like KIDNAPPINGS, KILLING, TERRORISM, RAPE.
SO GIVE ME A CASHLESS SOCIETY. NOT LESS CASH. FULLY.

1 0 "my saving india man(modi ji)" your cash less trasition idea is great dission .. i help how to use this item for 8 memders and continu........my this work.
sir ,  i live  in west bengal  but wb is a very croption(like--100days work, make a bathroom, make a house, halth,any job requarment,etc) plase handaling this setuation.
i hope all problam  is solve.

0 0 Continue prev.view ..#ManKiBaat,#AIR
Sir,after declaring that scheme,if a person wants to buy a bike ,he will aslo get a helmet as by the company policy.i think,if all have helmets,then ignorance of using helmets will be decreased and death by headhit after accidents will surely reduced.it's request to u PM sir,as a role model of our country,if u appeal for safety,everyone will must accept.
That's all
By:vkaryan,student at IGNOU

0 0 there are lot of problems for urban poor who are living in costly cities but do not have their own home and rented houses prices are touching the sky and urban poor who is earning approx 300 rs daily and do not have own house facing lots of problem that how he will pay 200 rs daily rent of house approx.. you have started prdhan mantri awas yojna so make people aware of it and  make sure to people that this problem will be solved soon and there is need to make an act for controlling the rent rate

0 0 To control all donation to societies (social/educational/Religious/political etc) please ban cash donation and if anyone donate in cash fine him 200% and if organisation can't give details then organisation have to pay 200%.

1 0 Sir,I have to say that ,there are so many death occurs in our country because of high speed bike accidents .our Govt.runs various schemes to prevent road accidents,caused by motorcycles which is maximum.Sir,it's a matter of concern ,that we, the people are responsible for these accidents,as we don't use helmets generally.But i see ,many people ignores to buy a helmet with few extra cost even they buy a bike of Rs.50000.so helmet should come alongwith new kit at time of purchase.make it mandatory

0 0 GOVT CAN MAKE INDIA CASHLESS IN A DAY ONLY IF GOVT ANNOUNCE THAT THE MONEY WHAT A CUSTOMER MAY LOOSE OR FRAUD BY HACKER WILL BE RETURNED TO HIS ACCOUNT AFTER ONLINE COMPLAINT.
POLICE WILL RECOVER LATTER.
IN THAT CONDITION TAX COLLECTION WILL BE MORE THAN REPAYMENT.

0 0 Dear sir you are on right track of anti corruption but once avhan to all gov officials to work obidiantly and ask all to declare there property

1 0 I believe that everyone wants to do voluntary social work. This could vary from 4 hours everyday to 4 hours every year. Let all this free voluntary work be mobilized for the betterment of society. Can the govt./ society plan how to carry out the job according to one's interest, capability and time.

1 0 Prime minister should share his views on political party accounts. The transactions of all political party accounts should be checked and made transparent.

0 0 My dear PM, Please bring the JAN LOK PAL BILL in INDIA to control the black money and also corruptions. Strict rules are required to control and there is no bail system for the defaulters. Minimum 5 years jail.....Jai Bharath.

0 0 Sir, govt.jobs ke liye jyada se jyada opportunity milni chaiye....sir bhaut se exam leak ho jate h un pr sir rok lgaiye....!!

0 0 POPULATION CONTROL IS DEMANDS OF TIME.
If govt appoint the mothers who have two or less child and who promised not to take any more child
under CONTROL POPULATION AND CORRUPTION and give them an honorariums of Rs 3000 per month than population control can be possible. Publicity of central scheme and aware people to get the benefits of this scheme will be there responsibility. They Will help Women to get education and legal rights and security.

0 0 IOT (Indian Ocean Treaty) which can be similar to NATO (North Atlantic Treaty) ... We need something like this with neighbor countries https://youtu.be/ICsVWGq_rWU ...﻿

1 0 U P KI KANOON VYAVSTHA ME SUDHAR KI JARURAT HAI.

1 0 Respected Sir, I am in fully agreement and supportive of GOI initiative to make Digital India and cashless economy. I have one point to make in order to achieve this. In our country where 74% is literacy rate, 15% population uses internet and 27% are smartphone users therefore we should encourage BIOMETRIC based transactions easier and reachable especially to villages and rural areas. Kiosks can be built is Post offices, banks where they can make their routine payments just by using thumb.

0 0 Sir, Government should take immediate step to allow mobile wallet to wallet transfer through UPI infrastructure of NPCI. Currently a citizen willing to use mobile wallet has to subscribe to multiple wallets which is discouraging and inconvenient. Wallet to wallet transfer will distribute the business to all wallet players and avoid a situation that PAYTM is going through.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Modi ji We Indians talk more and act less may be this problem is not putting forward India on the list of developed countries.
Sir I would like to share few of ideas to control the corruption and increasing the patriotism in youth. Need to bring hard reforms May Allah bless you do good work
Law to bring that All Graduates shall pass through defense services (Airforce, Naval, Army, BSF, state govt. police, law n order of Govt. policing departments etc.,) services for mi

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Modi Ji
I appreciate your hard work and putting India in comfort Zone of world Map. You have faced many problems and hurdles to take India to this position.
Still, a lot is to be done I pray GOD to give you GOOD health and energy to fight the enemies against India development. Even after 70 years of democracy still, we are behind the real development, as many small countries are doing much better than India.

1 0 Dear Sir,
successful demonetization
1. Take account of each and every single currency exchanged from Bank, punish bank officials stringently with jail term who have misused and supported black money hoarders and seize such  such exchanged currencies. Funds meant for ATM would have got diverted elsewhere for commission, this needs to be probed.
2. Need to do something to catch big fishes including businessmen and may be politicians so that 1000 of crores of black money can be recovered.

0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister,
99.9% Bank Officials who have worked day and night honestly for population of this country post 8th November need to be given incentive. Despite so much load and ever-changing guidelines, they have done their best possible to support this great move.
Kudos to Banking system of India.
Regards
Dr Vivek Jain

1 0 Dear pmo , I have a suggestion, idea, request for you to improve our "post office's banking facilities" .Fully digital services like ATM rupay card , net banking , post office check service, instant money transfer from one to another post offices for officeil porpoises.By this idea "transction charges and service charges" will be reduce. post office is fully goverment so there is poor and middle class people will trust on that .By this maximum village of our country will cover

0 0 हर दिन यही समाचार, फ़ैल रहा है भरष्टाचार
क्यों हुआ है मानव लाचार, फैला रहा है भरष्टाचार
गणतन्त्र भारत करता है पुकार, रोको भरष्टाचार करो उपकार
यहाँ लोग यह कहते हैं,
"अरे काँप रहा क्यों रिश्वत लेकर, पकड़ी गयी रिश्वत तो छूट जा रिश्वत देकर"
आओ हम दें उनका साथ, जो करना चाहते हैं भ्रष्टाचार का निकास
हमें साथ उनका निभाना होगा, हर नागरिक तक सन्देश पहुँचाना होगा
मान लो मेरी बात और दे दो उनका साथ, ताकि हो सके देश का विकास
आओ ले लें हाथों में हाथ, और छेड़ दें जंग भ्रष्टाचार के खिलाफI
Amanjeet, HP

0 0 SIR,
AS YOU KNOW YOU RECENTLY TOOK A NEW STEP TOWARDS MAKING DIGITAL INDIA. BUT I THINK WE HAVE TO PREPARE OUR NATION FOR MAKING IT CASHLESS OR FOR DIGITAL TRANSACTIONS. YOU & ALL IT IS NOT A CUP OF TEA.
MORE IMPORTANT IS TO ENCOURAGE OUR PEOPLE [SPECIALY MY VILLAGERS] FOR MAKING DIGITAL TRANSACTIONS,BECAUSE WE HAVE TO CHANGE THIS HABIT NOT ONLY OF FEW DECADES BUT OF THE TIME OF RAJAS AND MAHARAJAS . 
HENCE I WANT THAT YOU ANNOUNCE 2017 AS "DIGITALISATION YEAR". AS THIS ENCOURAGE THEM .

0 0 I have suggestion to pass bill in parliament regarding "Recovery of money against property (public or private) damaged during protest from the responsible".
This bill will deter some miscreants from damaging properties and we can save some money and time.we are building good infrastructures in our country and these miscreants damage that and we loose valuable infrastructure, money and time as well. So I have very kind request you to draft and pass such bill which is very much required nowdays.

1 0 Regarding use of AADHAAR for cashlesss transactions.  Since this is going to be easiest and secure of method of cashless transactions there is a need to maintain some privacy.  Since AADHAAR no is one and unique it is linked with all the bank accounts a person may have.  It will be desirable to introduce some feature such that a preferred bank can be selected for making payments otherwise all the accounts that are linked to AADHAAR no will be displayed on the mobile screen.

0 0 Demonetisation suggestion - Some rich people with black money have deposited their money in the accounts of poor people having Jan Dhan bank accounts. Some have even taken the cheque books of the poor people so that they cannot withdraw the black money. To restrict the rich people from getting back their black money, the old cheque books of Jan Dhan bank account holders should be discontinued and new, unique chequebooks should be issued in lieu of the old ones . Hope this helps!

0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Having different platform in digitization then it would be hard to bring the money transaction into an control all over India.  Government should have its own payment platform (gateway) for all the transaction of people of India. It  might be a School fees payment or any industrial purchase should go through the government gateway, no direct payment should be allowed. Due to this type of initiative people will get more benefits. Sample plan attached.

1 0 Respected PM Sir, Greetings!! we are very happy by your decision of Demonetization its really good move for growth of nation.We want to share one idea that please deposit the black money to every a/c in Bharat. means total collected black money divided by total no of bank account .by this way we can distribute the black money (Partial or Some Amount)to  Bhartiya account holder & that money will be floated in market. Pranam

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount . These be accepted only through banking channels. And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 Suggestions to curb Black Money. 1. Restr proposeict the monetary value of Cash transactions to Rs.50000/ 2 Restrict cash holdings to Rs. ten lacs. Wages to employees covered under the Shops and Establishment Act should only be through Bank accounts.4. Foodgrains should be brought under the proposed GST Act.Nominal tax  to be levied and credited back to the traders account. Therefore there will be no incidence of tax on foodgrains

0 0 Pranaam Modi ji
 Mera naam ashish kumar mishra mai Ghazipur ka rahne wala ek  Ph.d student  hu mera ye suggestion hai aapne jo jan Dhan account ka rupaya abhi rok kar ya seal karke rakha hua hai use us khatedar k naam par ten (10) saal k liye fix deposit (FD) kar dijiye aur uska jo bhi intrest aaye use sirf account holder k bachho (son or daughter) ki padhaai k fees k liye hi diya jaaye jo ki seedhe bank k through jama ho wo intrest us account holder ko bhi na diya jaaye.ye mera manana hai

0 0 Respected PM sir,
ssc cgl 2016 tier 2 papers had mismanagement at center, lot of server problem.... after cheating student, they get extra chance to write the exam on 12-13 jan probably.. ssc cgl tier 2 conducted on 30th nov and 1 dec...
so they can get around 30-40 days extra
please sir re exam must be conducted in a fair manner...

0 0 Respected Sir, As you are aware at Malavalli Taluk, Mandya District are lacking from proper education even from 1st Std to XII of Government Institutions, children are unable to read/write their simple Mother language Kannada and English. Hence we need very serious attention about the children education. All compliance reports submitted are copied one from one or another, children are not getting worth education, due to which children are suffering from the quality education. Please help.

0 0 Demonetization is a very step against corruption that our central government had taken. 1. People faces little bit problems but stand with their government against corruption and also government and RBI doing afford to resolve problems of the people. But due some selfish person's million of people get troubles. Education is best way resolve the all kind of the problems that are country faces so,please also focus on Moral education that are important for making good civil for a country.

0 0 Respected Sir, per Hon'ble Mr.P.Chidambaram's calculation it might take 7 months for this free movement of currency, might be even though during Dr.Manmohan Singhji's tenure there was a balance of payments problem: we had to take loan from IMF by pledging our nation's gold; please try to solve this demonetization issue for the benefit of one and all. Thanks and Warm Regards.

1 0 Respected sir,am request to railway department for added some new features at the plateform.
Like as-:When the lot of trains are on the station so passengers confused by the train horn.He cann't able to define which train blow horn.If giving different-2  light signal for  every plateform so its confirm.example that if on the no.1 plateform train blow horn then red light on if 2no. Plateform train blow horn then different light on.Here traveller not confused which train begin to start.   THANKS

0 0 respected Sir, Please request your kind that for public services like private practicing Doctors,Advocates and also Schools, Colleges for their payment, they should accept their payment in cheque/digital transaction to trace their account inbound instead of getting in hand cash. If not this will lead into escape from paying taxation. This will lead into common man trouble. Due to which we are unable to proper support from the government services. Please make some rigid policies ...

1 0 Respected sir, am request to you with lot of hope,
1)Before starting train the locopilot blow horn 2 times but we want he blow horn 3 times because when the traveller not listen first horn properly so he cann't care to the train and blow second horn train started.Here traveller run away for pickup the train and here exceed accidental cases,when pilot blow 3 time horn here not exceed this case because traveller have listen horn proper in 1 or 2 horn,he can pickup train easily before blow 3 horn.

0 0 Narendra Bhai,my idea is related to Railways and how railways can save minim um of 10,000 crore per year...
Attached PDF has some of the details related to the same.
Hope the information makes sense...Happy to provide any other information required..
For a BETTER INDIA

0 0 RESPECTED SIR..I would like to draw your attention toward parent situations and corruption of on going competitive examination in my country.Sir every honest student having a dream of serve of nation as a karmchari/adhikari/.But due to some arrogant corrupt top officers and some cheators, HARD LABOR of  students is going in vain.sir plz look into SSC CGL  exam corruption.it recruits central government employee of grouP B C D LEVEL.har exam me sir koi na koi problem ya corruption hota h..

0 0 Sir,I am G.Chandrasekaran. I requested our Prime Minister to request the Public to share their hurdels/problems or how they had to give Bribe / Corription to get their rightful needs from the Government in my previous comments(Today). But I could not upload my Suggessions(they were in .rar format) 1.Electronic Money Transfer and 2.How to Prevent Corription. Now I have converted to .pdf and upload them. Kindly include these pdfs with my previous Comments.Sorry for the incovenience.Thank You Sir

0 0 The idea of demonetization is something i personally attest to whatsoever be the views from other arenas. However, it will become more promising if GOI passes a rule/Act or whatsoever it requires, that non even INR 1/- can be taken by political parties in cash and neither can their spending be in cash. If this is done, then 100% satisfaction will be achieved. Charity (cashless society)begins @home!

0 0 Sir, I have noticed that some big shops/cinemas  at shopping mall do not accept card/online payments.Kindly make it mandatory for keeping provision for card/online payments at those payments. This will lead to a step forward towards less cash economy. Pl give attention to agricultural sector so that harvest does not get hampered for fund shortage due to demonetization if agriculture production is good inflation will be under control .This will help you to fight against corruption.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
सादर नमस्कार,
देश सेवा के लिए आपके प्रयासों के लिए साधुवाद .
माननीय
देश में व्यापारियों का व्यापार करना मुश्किल हो रहा हे . व्यापार पर कई प्रकार के टैक्स इतने अधिक हें की आम व्यापारी हिसाब किताब रखने  में  असहाय हो रहा हे . इन सबसे बचने के लिए व्यापारियों के लिए एकमुश्त टैक्स की रकम जो टर्नओवर पर आधारित हो और इस राशी में पर्तिवर्ष १० प्रतिशत की बढ़ोतरी होती रहे> यह राशी भी ऑनलाइन जमा हो . और व्यापारी को हिसाब किताब रखने की जरुरत न पड़े . जेसा अटल जी के समय था

0 0 2. Digital Payment: Extra surcharge of 2~3% levied by retail outlets on the use of credit cards. This should be waived off after the demonetization move for the promotion of digital payments. This problem is more common in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. This extra charge defeat the purpose of going cashless as we are paying all taxes while making purchase. Kindly look into this and waive off this charge. #demonetisation #MannKiBaat

0 0 Top officers who have reached higher positions in Judiciary/Administration from village background or backward reasons or under privileged people area. They have to give some basic funds to empower their own native backward reason people with accountability and transparency. Sir most of these people using their power and then humiliating or using uneducated or innocent people for their domestic help or some unskilled activities. I hope they can change people or initiate development of poor

0 0 1. Noise Pollution through Vehicles: Dear Sir, this is one of the grave issue in India. There is too much unnecessary honking on the roads which is so irritating and disturbing. Many people used to honk only for fun as if horn is a musical instrument on the roads, near hospitals/schools  many other places. Request you take this issue in your address and appeal the people for "No honking". Noise Pollution from vehicles need to be controlled firmly for noise free cities.#HornfreeBharat#MannKiBaat

0 0 Respected Sir, This is with regard to Swaachh Bharat campaign by GOI. I live in posh area in South Delhi and not far from my home is famous Max Hospital, Saket. Adjacent to one of the entrance to hospital there is garbage dumping area on the main road. The garbage lies scattered on the road in front of the hospital.
 In my view we should involve corporates , institutions and assign them the areas in their vicinity to keep the them clean and green and have them included in their CSR.

0 0 Just like "swatch Bharat abhiyan", its high time we have something call, swatch yatayat bahiya for Good Traffic sense. This is 2nd after cleanliness which puts us to shame in front of almost all other Nationals.This is yet again which calls for public participation just like the previous revolution and I am sure everyone would be keen and ready for something like this.

0 0 Your emphasis on e-transactions and using apps for making payments to various receivers of funds through this channel of e transactions. But, sadly there is no adequate provision for safety of transactions. Fraudsters play their game leaving the card holders high and dry. Without these precautions, the common man is bound to suffer heavily on account of internet frauds.  I am presently undergoing one such instance where a debit card and a credit card of ICICI Bank.

0 0 My respected PM, there is very high interest rate for education loan @ 9.70% to 13.50% for nationalize bank... is it possible interest rate may be decrease ... 6% to 9% is ok....

0 0 reomve charges on debit card and other digital payment

0 0 नमस्कार,  मेरा सुझाव है ,कि क्या हम डाकटिकिट  को भी मुद्रा के रूप में प्रयोग करसकते है ? हमारे यहाँ पोस्टऑफिस में  दस ,पचास ,सौ रूपये के डाक टिकिट सहज उपलब्ध हो सकते है ,जो भारत सरकार ही तो छापती है ,यदि हम इनका उपयोग ,कुछ समय के लिए टोकन मुद्रा की तरह करें तो हमारे देश में  काफी उपयोगी हो सकती है।  धन्यवाद

0 0 नमस्कार,  मेरा सुझाव है ,कि क्या हम डाकटिकिट  को भी मुद्रा के रूप में प्रयोग करसकते है ? हमारे यहाँ पोस्टऑफिस में  दस ,पचास ,सौ रूपये के डाक टिकिट सहज उपलब्ध हो सकते है ,जो भारत सरकार ही तो छापती है ,यदि हम इनका उपयोग ,कुछ समय के लिए टोकन मुद्रा की तरह करें तो हमारे देश में  काफी उपयोगी हो सकती है।  धन्यवाद

0 0 Recently Govt has widened the tax payers net by retaining basic slab as Rs.250000/- and increased rebate of Rs.5000/- now, discussions/debates regarding increasing the slab for Individual Assessee of Rs. 4,00,000 and lowering tax rate for high income group.  In this connection, my suggestion as follows:  BASIC LIMIT BE INCREASED TO RS.300000/ WITHOUT ANY REBATE  TAX SLAB 3 TO 6 LACS - 7%  6 - 12 LACS - 15%  12 - 20 LACS - 20% ABOVE 20 LACS 30% so as to retain the existing assessees.

0 0 My respected PM, i have an idea of demonezation ,that is ,all money value change as swiping  card formet,the govt. may issue the money as card formet ie. Rs.100card , Rs.500card and Rs.2000 card.moreover the govt. may issue the swiping machine to the all merchanters in low card.kindly withdraw the all type of money and issue the money only swiping card type. so that every thing is accountable. so consider my openion as possibe . thank you. mobile 9944008229

0 0 1. An appeal/concession to all food vendors to move to e-money. The first hurdle for shift of currency is for food. If road side food vendors and small hotels start using electronic money it will inspire/compel others for sure.
2. Cleanliness: I believe Indians want to be clean, but dont know how. If a commodity is consumed, we are not taught as to what to do after consuming(toffee to biryani to flowers to electronics). We must invest time and money for imparting this education.

1 0 Sir
To move to cash less economy please implement  following
-Place a ceiling limit on cash that can be kept in hand
-ask citizens to remit all such cash in hand exceeding the limit to KYC compliant accounts within a prescribed date.
-after the prescribed  date, reasons for “cash remittance and cash withdrawals from/to bank accounts beyond said  limits (including cumulative withdrawal/ deposits during a Financial Year)”  to be clarified by proper statements to govt.

0 0 Respected Sir, In my opinion Government offices should do way with the landline phones now as they are almost becoming obsolete besides being misused. Mobile phones can serve the purpose. A lot of money which is spent for paying landline bills in govt offices can be saved.

2 0 Dear sir,  so many shops accept debit or credit cards only when the amount is more than rs 250. A common his income may not be buying for that  amount. Debit card is as good as paying cash.So may I request that shop keepers must made to accept debit cards even for 20 rupees.Under the present context this will help the common man a lot and he will go for a debit card

0 0 one time punishment which leads destroy a coruption in India.Any ideas regards.and also our statue is capable of current scenarios coruption?

0 0 Dear Modiji, This is kind of request . people misusing the cheque leaf ,please change the cheque book atleast 3 year's once .
In case some one missed cheque leaf/Enemy took the cheque book ,they are doing the blackmailing . if we give complaint and filed as FIR also . It wont work, because we need to go to Court and need to prove that its false case ( we didnt  gave  to x party). unnecessary struggle . This is kind of harassment .
this is happened for me .

0 0 Sir,
I salute our Beloved Modiji for his courageous announcement of demonitisation.Every Patriotic and Honest citizen welcome the decision.Some selfish people and corruptive politicians are pposing. At the same time Demonitisation is not enough.Unless Corruption/Bribe is eradicated,the goal is not achieved.Dear Modiji,in your Mann Ki Baat,kindly request all category of people to share "how they are facing corruption" in day to day life.Kindly see my attachments.Also sent to Amitshaji. Thanks

0 0 Dear Modiji, Government can think of offering Insurance to the 'Cattle' of Farmers if they come and get a new Jan Dhan Savings account and get a debit card for their use. This way, I think farmers who are still not in the main stream will join the digital movement. By this we will be able to support the cashless drive in rural/remote places as well. Thank you, Namaskar

0 0 निवडणूक प्रणाली मध्ये मतदारांचे नाव (voter)  आधार कार्ड लिंकिंग करून ओळख पुरावा म्हणून फिंगर प्रिंट अनिवार्य करणे. बोगस मतदानावर नियंत्रण करता येईल.  निवडणूक मध्ये योग्य उमेदवार निवडून येईल. यातुन कॅशलेस सिस्टीम चा प्रचार होईल.

0 0 Respected PMO, please bring the proposed house scheme for the middle class.

0 0 Respected Sir, This is for your kind information that income tax for individuals are promptly filing their returns with necessary documents. Wherein as a common query is that why Advocates are exempted from the taxation. Why Advocates are not showing their income sources to income tax, Advocates fees always at high and in advance they collect more but they don't work in the interest of justice and equity to support justice. Their business to make money instead of helping common man.

0 0 #MannkiBaat Dear Sir From this coming New Year you please start a program on Agrotourism.For we know India is an agriain nation thus it identity is related with old age farming practices. why can't we promote farming and share the indigenous crops and it's benefits promoting as farm tourism.  THE scheme will not benefits farmer's but also will raise income for villagers. few states like Kerala and Punjab have started !

0 0 Dear sir ,
Mr’s Narendraji Modi, (PM ,India)
      	 You have taken a decision of ban for 1000&500 Rs. There are many problems of rural people. This is big problem of common man . Therefore our Vikrant Krida Mandala and Vikrant nagari Patsanstha established in Maharashtra , Ap . Narayangaon , Junner Tashil(Pune)near Hyway No.55. This is main project for common people. We should be try to give changes with 10,20,50 and 100 rupees to change gives for 2000 Rs.So they have arranged with

0 0 #MannkiBaat Sir we can ask every DC in all states to dedicate every Sunday towards organising Workshop and learning programs on Digital Payment. This way people  will learn and make Cashless economy scheme successful on ground!!

0 0 Dear Modi Ji & Team,
have few thoughts,...
1. I am sorry, never able to understand the reason for introducing 2000 Rs denomination when we are trying to kill black money out of demonetisation... should we introduce 100, 200, 300, 400 Rs notes instead of higher denominations...
2. we know the dangers of fertilizer & world nations are banning indian veg-fruits, can Govt put a ban over fertilizer and go back to our tradition which is now called organic farming. we can be a leader in this

0 0 one unified toll free emergency number require for India which may include POLICE FIRE AMBULANCE and NDRF. Advantage of this system is this all people can access this with out having mobile balance as well as if POLICE FIRE AMBULANCE and NDRF wl not reach in time after informing through emergency number with in 15 mins then case can be lodge against them.NATURALLY they are not coming after being informed by the common people with in time but when it would be done by national emmergency cetre...

0 0 सभी  बैंकों  की  सभी  शाखाओं  में  न्यूनतम   दो  या   तीन  अधिकारियों   की  पोस्टिंग अनिवार्य   कर  देनी  चाहिए जिससे कैश  लेस्स लेन  देन  को  बढ़ावा देने के  लिए सरकार  द्वारा  लागू  प्रक्रिया  पालन  में  व्यावहारिक परेशानियां कम हो सकती  हैं नया रिक्रूटमेंट होगा  व रोजगार के अधिक  पदों का  सृजन  होगा रिटायर्ड बैंक  अधिकारियों को नियुक्त करने के लिए भी आधिकारिक  प्रक्रिया को  बैंक के उच्च अधिकारियों को लोकल डिस्ट्रिक्ट (be authorised to call / appoint समाचार  पत्रों  अथवा सीधे  निमंत्रण द्वारा

0 0 To promote digital money more - 
1) Govt should give free access to all digital payment & e-commerce site app & websites, Railway websites, all other utilities website to pay online.
2) Mumbai BEST service & other mode of public transport in India should allow passengers to use their Debit card / Aadhar enable payment to buy ticked inside bus while travelling.

0 0 Sir, why 50-50 option for Black Money holders? As they have done what Family Planning Ministry cannot do? Corrupt Doctors had killed many due to wrong/lengthy /expensive treatment, Corrupt Engineers/Contractors had killed many by Poor Construction, Corrupt Police/Lawyers had freed Murderers, Corrupt officials had appointed wrong Persons causing many Accidents.

1 0 Namaskar Mera ajruddin Hai up ha Reine was good mere Gaon ki sadak banne ka naam hi nahin LA PA rahi please modi g hamara Gaon mathura goverdhan

0 0 Its better to introduce (BVM) Biometric voting machine instead of EVM to protect or to resist false vote/proxy vote.which may help to build nation.

0 0 NAMASKAR DEAR MODIJI i'm writing You from France , i'm very proud of your true politics actions , but i've got a request that i'm nri livin France but not coming to BARATHMATHA soon, CAN you please MODIJI dot some action for all the poor nri citizen who save few roupies , that BOI and INDIA ambassy must get back all the old roupies 500-1000 because they do nothing for the moment and RBI spoke about notifications but nothing can you please take action SIR for all of we. JAI HIND

0 0 Our be loved Prime Minister,We do here by let you inform that the final Marking following New Railway Work from Chowrigachha to Sainthia Via 56.50 K.m. has been Started by this time. By this time the Pillaring Working between Chowrigachha to RajaRamPur P.S. Bhartpur MSD,W.B. 10 k.m.has, by this time been Completed on 2nd sept'2016.Please look into the Matter.So that more 46.50 K.M. Pillaring Work can be done immediately. Thanking yoy, yours faithfully, pravat kar,kandi,MSD,W.B.MO:-9932647412.

0 0 Namaskar Dear MODI JI
I'm very happy about your politic actions in INDIA indians can be proud to of YOU
i've got only one request please DEAR MODO JI can you do something for ours poor nri people who can't come to BARATHMATHA because we've got old roupies 500 and 1000 but their is any notifications to get back this money from INDIAN AMBASSY in France and the branch of BOI in Paris France .
MODI JI plese do a notification for nri peope who save a few roupies JAI HINDH

0 0 Sir,lacs of poor people are facing problem in getting food for whole day.As from the start, ur govt.is dedicated to the poor.Govt.should immediately creat/collect data of poor people from whole country and it should be on top priorities to arrange food for them first to save thier lives.

0 0 DEAR SIR
        i am first feeling proud and happy because of you before this i always see pioneer like you only in movies and hopes may be some day some come but today it become true very thankful to you sir i can express my feeling in some words sir i have a request please sir change the rules of village schools sir now adays there are so many private and goverment schools in village and students are getting good results percentage but they are not getting good education and good facilites.

1 0 sir plaese es pdf ko  padhe es se desh ka bhala hoga

0 0 One of the major and strong step to be taken towards no reservation reservation policies are take out from roots, all are equal extend age limits in job sector. But who put efforts wins race.and also in every field it should applicable.when everyone getting benefits equally and same no reservation provided.

0 0 Our beloved Prime Minister,Wedo here by let you inform that the final marking following New Railway Track Work from Chowrigachha to Sainthia Via kandi 56.50 K.M. has been Started by this time. By this time the Pillaring Work between Chowrigachha To Raja rampur P.S. Bhartpur MSD 10 K.M. has, by this time been Completed on 2nd Sept'2016.Please look into the matter.So that More 46.50 K.M. Pillaring Work Can be done immediately. Thankingyou, yours faithfully, pravat kar,kandi,MSD,W.B.MO:-9932647412.

0 0 Namskar sir. aap bhut acha kamkar rahe he bhut Badai or Blessingss. sir aap ne Swach Bharat Abhiyan ki through har gar gar har gaon, city sabh main bad gaya he or acha kam chal raha he lekin sir,Desh main jitne sare Govt. Hospitals, Govt. Offices like District collector office. Tahsil office, Govt;. schools, yaha sabse jyada gandgi hoti he,sir pahele es area ke sare hospital office school clean karenge to ek samaj main bhut acha mesg, jayga or esse swachata badegi.

0 0 Dear modi ji
Agr ap ita kr rhe ho to thoda or krdo jo govt employees h unko fix salary dna bnd krdo .sara system unki performance pr krwado taki wo log jyda se jyda salary kr lie km kre .jo employees jita kam krega usce uski ranking fix hogi n uti he use salary di jaigi
Jo km  kre  unko salary do otherwise private sector ke mre jse bhai bht bethe h wo log to km salary me bhi private job jita kam kr lenge 😂pls sir think abt it .#man ki bat

0 0 Dear Narendra Modi Ji. I think that the hacking issue of the online payment apps like Paytm is done by those who have black money to fail the Cashless Economy act of India. I thint this because there were no hacking issues of the online payment apps before the Cashless Economy started even if the transactions were going on. This is done to make fear in the mind of the people and to stop them from paying online and keep using notes. I requeast you to take some action against this issue.Thank you.

1 0 Dear Sir I have a small idea about the Corporation people who is involved in Black money exchange.
Take there passport,Adhar Card size there Bank accounts,there wife , children's and there property ext and let them block for 10years and make them free. Where know one should give job, he can't go out of country and they shoukd work for government job which is paid low salary. They should work for next 5 years and show there honestly and faith to our country , then they can be set free.

2 0 jayhind sir.i'm harry patel(CV-BE)from chikhli(guj).sir olympic ke har result ke bad sab ke man me aek hi sawal aata he ki har country itne medal lata he to hamara india kyo nahi??? to sir mere man me aek bat he ki agar ham apne har school me har aek bachche ko olympic ka minimum aek game khelne or shikhne ka compulsory kar de to?aaj ke din khelne ke lectures bhi sci ke teachers le jate he.agar har bachche ko bachpan se training milna suru ho jaye to 10-15 sal ke bad ind ka result ku6 or hoga.

0 0 Our be loved Prime Minister, You are here by humbly requested to make an arrangement so that the Mobile Vans can be used to supply money to the Post Offices and Banks of remote  Villages at this Crucial juncture, and so that these Villagers can have the Privilege to Withdraw Money. Thanking you, Yours faithfully,pravat kar kandi, Murshidabad.West Bengal. MO:-9932647412 /9046240137. E Mail:- pravatkandirailwayskc@gmail.com.

0 0 सर प्रणाम।मेरा सुझाव है कि देश में इंटर तक की शिक्षा के लिए केवल सरकारी स्कूल,कॉलेज हों जिससे अमीर,गरीब सभी के बच्चे साथ पढ़ेंगे।सरकारी स्कूलों में बड़े लोंगो के बच्चे पढ़ने पर उन स्कूलों की शिक्षा के स्तर में जनता स्वयं सुधार करेगी और देश को योग्य बच्चे मिलेंगे।

0 0 नमस्कार देश के प्रत्येक हिस्से में भजियावाला जैसे साहूकार बैठे है जो लोगो के मजबूरी का फायदा उठाकर ऊँची ब्याज दर १० से २० % प्रतिमाह पर देते है जिसका शिकार छोटे किसान  छोटे व्यपारी या कर्मचारी होते है जो किसी मजबूरी में ऋण लेते है और पीढ़ी दर पीढ़ी  इस दलदल से बहार नहीं निकल पाते है . सरकार को नियम बनाकर  साहूकारी पर रोक लगानी चाहिए अथवा इसके दर निश्चित करनी चाहिए . सरकार को बैंक से ऋण लेना आसान बनाना चाहिए जिससे आदमी इस दलदल में नहीं फसेगा .

0 0 सर नोट बंदी से हुई बचत से हर घर में पीने के पानी की उप्लब्धता सुनिश्चित की जाये ये बहुत आवश्यक हैं

1 0 The Income Tax Department has done wonderful job by publishing an "Email ID" for informing about black money hoarders.  Similarly the Home Ministry must also have an open "Email ID" for receiving information on security issues, terrorists, anti national activities in the visinity.  Presently there is no system available for the common citizen to inform.

1 0 Hi, This is regarding the tag line that is visible on every train ticket we purchase now a days. It is good to know and should be printed to create awareness. At the same time, we have Suvidha trains where we pay hefty charges for the same trip. More painful is that even if there are many vacant seats available, we end up paying more than double the charge.....Railway as a whole needs a revamp within!!! There are many areas within Railway where cost cutting steps are imperative at this stage...

1 0 नोट बंदी का लाभ आम जनता को देने के लिए छोटे छोटे उद्योग को बढ़ावा दिया जाना चाहिए ना कि जनता के बैंक में जमा किये गए ५०० और १००० के नोट को बड़े बड़े उद्योगों को लगाने के लिए बैंक से दिया जाये और बाद में देश विजय माल्या जैसे धोखाधड़ी करने वालो से आर्थिक क्षति का सामना करें \ काले धन का वास्तव में लाभ जनता को ही मिलना चाहिए

0 0 Dear PM why the gov. is not putting any restrictions on various strikes that may be called by rulling party or opposition.THIS FOR NATIONAL INTEREST ,NOT FOR ANY PARTY

0 0 जब देश में आधार कार्ड में सभी आवश्यक जैविक और सामाजिक जानकारी उपलब्ध होती है तो ऐसे सभी भारतीय जिनका आधार कार्ड गैस सबसिडी के कारण पहले से ही बैंक अकाउंट के साथ जुड़ा है तो उन सम्मानित ग्राहकों से नोट बंदी के समय के वाई सी की मांग करना सिर्फ ग्राहकों का बेवजह का उत्पीडन है जबकि बैंक के पास आधार कार्ड उपलब्ध है | ऐसा करके बैंक सरकार की नोट बंदी और प्रयास को धूमिल करके एक गलत छवि प्रस्तुत कर रहे है और इस तरह का कार्य बैंक को नहीं करना चाहिए

0 0 DEAR SIR, SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES SHOUL NOT ACCEPT ANY FEES AND DONATION INCASE IN CASH.
THIS IS LEADING TO TOO MUCH CORRUPTION.
JAI HIND ! JAI BHARAT !

0 0 देश में जो भी संस्था निकाय का निर्माण विधि के अंतर्गत हुआ है वो सभी एक विधिक व्यक्ति के अनुरूप ही है ऐसे में सभी राजनैतिक पार्टिया को भी विधिक व्यक्ति की तरह ही माना जाना चाहिए और संविधान के अनुरूप जो सुविधाय और छुट एक सामान्य व्यक्ति को इस देश में प्राप्त है उतनी ही छूट इस देश में राजनैतिक पार्टियों को चंदा लेने , आयकर देने और अन्य स्थितियों में भी दी जानी  चाहिए क्योकि संविधान के अनुच्छेद १४ के अनुरूप समानता मिलनी चाहिए सभी को

0 0 Dear PM,
We are very happy in your govt Sir, We are requesting  you Kindly make a Reservation Policy to FC who are in poverty.
Thanks
Srinivas

0 0 sir,good evening,actually very confusion create in public since 8 December so i want please once you suggest and assure to aam adami difficulty will be down slowly slowly after 50 days. hum log apke sathh hai leking kabhhi kabhi thoda sa dar lagta hai ki ye decision phalop na ho jaye kuchh log ke chalte iliye once i request to you please abki bar maan ki baat me to public ko clear karna garuri hai. thank you appko jo apne desh ke bare me socha.

0 0 नमस्ते सर
नयी हर नोट की expiry तारीख होने से कोई भी व्यक्ति अपने घर मे जमा कर के नही रखेगा और असकी अंतिम दिन के पहले बैंक मे जमा जरूर करायेगा

2 0 Dear Modi Sir,
This is with regard to establish a National Digital Health Record for all citizen and to provide fair practices in health industry and finally to make a HEALTHY INDIA.
PDF is attached with detailed suggestion.

0 0 Sir I think time for reviewing such in swach Bharat please announce incentives for performance to achieve productive success the corporates and NGo must be handed over control of Maintainance and upkeep of Bus Terminus , maintenance of toilets etc or else no progress will occur.

0 0 In the film industry, junior artists/workers lives are very bad and poor due to they are have very low salaries. Government can take necessary action for paid minimum wages to junior artists/workers. Then they will have better lives.

0 0 1. swachha bharat abhiyan ke antargat public toylet ke use ko free kiya jaye.
2. chhattisgarhi ko savindhan ke 8th anusuchi me samil kiya jaye.
3. sharab-bandi ko gujrat aur bihar ki tarah pure bharat me laya jaye.
4. digital payment ko secure karne ke liye #CYBER-CELL laya jaye jo hacking aur farji website par najar rakhe.
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Respected PM,
Please review : Our Indian railway catering is not well, So many changes observed in this govt but in railway still no body think about to provide the bills to passenger for purchase the food and other items, Kindly implement the bills to provide the passenger for Foods, tea, coffee ... sometimes the vendor collect Rs 120 /Meals & few train Rs 80 / Meals    “It will also help us to Destroy the Black Money “

0 0 Priya Pradhanmantri ji,
kuchh sujhav maine kafi soch-samajh ke likha hai kripya #man_ki_bat me ese gaur kijiye.
1. chunavi dalo ko #RTI ke andar laya jaye.
2. political party ke public and corporate funding ka byora  20k se kam me na dene ke chhut se hataya jaye taki india corruption free ho.
3. #LOKPAL kanun lane ka sahas kiya jaye taki naya #KALA-DHAN aur corruption dur ho jaye.
4. american president prachar ki tarah ek manch me sabhi dal apne prachar aur vichar rakhen.
#MyGov #PMonRadio

0 0 Now days human values are decreasing in day by day from all. If can make and show documentary film on improve human values. Then they are motivate and helping to others in emergencies time.

1 0 Sir, We are from Forward community.We don't have any reservation in Central to State Govts.Kindly make a Reservation Policy to FC who are in poverty.

0 0 Need jobs mela from government side. If can conducting private jobs mela with the coordination of government bodies. Then we will minimise unemployment problems and employment ability will develop.

0 0 Sir,
     We are grocery merchants doing business for a long period.As due to demonetisation there is severe shortage of all kinds of rupee notes.As you requested people to go digital india,consumers of our trade  will buy in small quantity for a time and its value is less.Moreover, at a time 4 to 5 consumers will be waiting for products, we can't concentrate at a time for swipe machines or mobile payments.So,you kindly request RBI to release more Rs.500,Rs.100,Rs.50 and Rs.10 notes

0 0 Dear sir plz consider the problems of farmers.now the rabi season is going on & the farmers are going to harvests a verity of crops & vegetables.but they don't get the actual price as it is the harvesting period.i would like to suggest that if govt.fixed a minimum price & purchase all the items at a single price,farmers are interested to produce more.also if govt. will provide storage system to farmers they also able to store their  product for which they got higher price in future.

0 0 You’re doing meaning of the Government
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja, S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj, 798/152,Op St Mary’s Tower, Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoil,K.K.Dist. Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.

0 0 DOCUMENTARY OF THE UNIVERSE
THE GALAXY, STARS, PLANETS AND THE EARTH, HOW TO MUCH MORE WATER AND OIL IN EARTH
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php

0 0 You’re doing meaning of the Government
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja,
S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj,
798/152, Op St Mary’s Tower,
Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoi  ,K.K.Dist.
Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.

0 0 You’re doing meaning of the Government
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja,
S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj,
798/152, Op St Mary’s Tower,
Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoi  ,K.K.Dist.
Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.

0 0 Namaste Sir,
Please do something to address the reservation category (FC, BC, SC, ST, etc.) and casteism at least in the education sector. Sometimes this fractures the mindset of children. Young generations like us though open-minded are forced to take decisions due to casteism and societal impact. Let's not force division among children in the name of casteism that will ruin our country's future.

0 0 please impose reservation based on financial constraints not on castism.
Save bengal from the communal attacks & mamta banerjee.

1 0 Our Rajbhasha Hindi should be made as official language of all the states and union territories of India.Only few states and union territories declared Hindi as official language. If Hindi is declared as official language in all states and union territories there would be good communication among the people of our country. Hindi language should be made as compulsory subject in high school studies. Our national language should be Hindi.

0 0 sir main handicapped pension  of up ke bare main batana chahata hoon jo ki 300 rupaye par month hai. jo aaj ke daur main kam hai ise bdhaye jane ka aadesh kare aapki mahan kirpa hogi.

0 0 Sir, cashless transection issue..
Permanently avoid service charges on ATM card use in shopping or purchasing things, now people are worrying service charges on every usage of ATM cards..

0 0 Manniya Pradhanmantri Ji, Namaste. Ek aam bhartiya nagrik ki aaj sabse bari samasya  unke bachchon ki padhai aur health security hai.Aaj desh ki istithiti ye hai ki in do atyabasyak moolbhoot adhikar ka poorntah byabsayik karan ho chuka hai aur ye dono moolbhoot abasyakta ek aam admi ke liye sapna ban kar rah gaya hai kyonki govt. school & govt. hospital, dono ki hi halat dyniya hai aur privat school & hospital mein loot machi hui hai. Govt.Hospital ko modern banaya jai aur number ko badhaya jai

0 0 Dear PM,
I would like to suggest 100% digitization of the economy.   Cashless economy will eliminate the corruption, crime and terrorism. Please start from major cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai.  No physical currency in these states at all.  Then add other big cities.  And in next 6 months 100% cashless everywhere.
Please announce 100% digital payment mandatory now from 1 March 2017 in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai.  No cash allowed and people will be prepared by then.

0 0 Good evening PM Sir 
I am student of preparing of govt. job. sir I am from lower level middle class faimly (general) . sir there are some institution who rise rupee from us as name of examination fee like 600/- 800/- and some are taken above 1000/-. SSC is taking only 100/- rupee for same pattern exam. we are facing alot of problem at the time of applying for the exam. 
pls. solve the our problem.

0 0 Resp. Sir, 
Saadar Pranam! Propose the 10 topical issues for this month’s episode of Mann Ki Baat in the enclosed PDF file. 
Regards & Jai Hind....!

0 0 1) As far as traffic problems are day by day increasing,there should be two shift working  in Govt. department.
2) There should be different timings for different  establishments.
3) There should be one window system for paper movement.For your work if any you have to submit papers on one table only.There should be no requirement to visit  in diiferent offices.

0 0 It is good to have provisions for the needy in constitution but caste based provisions are to checked again.because the person who get a job can make his children study more than him.he can make his children a doctor, a engineer etc but what if they have got them due to reservation,we will be developing their family status by stepping on the lives of the people who have better qualifications than them
Actually caste system is a constitutional provision till u dont reform it this can't eliminatd

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 1)For boosting cashless system,there should not be any financial burden on card holder and also on shop or service provider to whom he pays.
2) Those who are doing illegal actions,Govt.should take immediate action and release that good money in market.
3) There is huge difference between employee provident pension scheme and jumbo pension amount of Govt.employees.
4)When there shall be stoppage in working of session in parliament,there should be no a facilities for members for that  period.

0 0 Hi,just wd like to share my thoughts in the interest of Nation's economy and convince of common people. What if,Hon.PM or any concern department issues order to All Ministers, Central and State officials to conduct all the meetings, inogrations etc from their offices via Video Conferencing,instead visiting that place, which cld have been inconvenienc to people and more cost involved to make all arrangements including travel. And you should encourage everyone to conduct political rallies via VC.

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat December 2016, I want to suggest that, the ordinance in respect to wages payment to labour by cheque or by banking channel is welcome, the benifit of such schmes to labour should be explained, further, labour working at small traders and at farm, for which clarification should be given, so ,opposition cannot mislead them,further,such labour should be joint with health insurace E.S.I.mandatory, will get all medical facilities to family members of labour, best wishes

1 0 Sir,
It would be great, if all RTO's of motorvehicle department were centralised, followed by issue of IND Registration rather than individual states (KL-Kerala, TN-Tamilnadu, UP-Uttarpradesh) and numbers suffixing IND may be used to indicate the state. This would make road tax collection centralised, with permission to use the vehicle anywhere in India. This would make digitization easier, rather than stressing for digitisation in individual states.

0 0 Pm Sir mai ye pochna chahta hu ki jis tarah ki facilities hmare desh ki private hospitals m milti kya us tarah ki sarkari atyaadhunik hospitals bharat k har ek zile m nhi khul sakti kya... Swach bharat k sath sath swathya bharat bhi bnaiye... #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Respected Hon,ble   C.M.,Please proved the  sky ping mission,kindly issued the G.O,Through the Government  . for all Transaction for all  office's   ,all private dept,all merchants ,all Transports dept, all railways  all airlines ,extra,it is is to   move the public happily  without money in all pleases ,kindly encourage the A.T.M. through the Adar cord  ,                                               Thank Q.so much please,      Dr.A.Velu, World records winner, mail.avelu101@gmail.com.     cell

0 0 Sir I Archit Singh from BARABANKI(UP)
sir mai ek private school me teacher hu aur computer padhata hu aur ane wali generation ko comp. ke bare batata hu but meri itni jankari ke bad bhi mai chahne ke bad bhi system ke chaltey mere mehnat ki salary mujhe nahi milti hai jo CBSE ke norms me hai aur mere jaise sabhi teachers blank register pr sign krtey h without discription jo sirf or sirf apni job se samjhaut hai.And also we suffer for gov. jobs
Sir we are helpless please help us.

0 0 Hi,sir I think most of the changes you have bought forward are really good.But those can be welcomed by everyone only after knowing the outcomes of before taking a step please educate the up to possible extent
For example when you ask every ration card holder to submit there actual financial details they would fear that they may deprived of their provisions but when most of the people are willing and do it,can lead to changes in ecomic lines and new system righteous people won't loose it

0 0 I am an Indian studying abroad. I would like to bring to your kind notice that around hundred thousands of Indian students are studying abroad and almost 50% of them are likely to be willing to come back to India to get settled. But in turn, the government is not very interested in inviting them back. Some such initiatives like "Ramalingaswami Re-entry fellows" has only 50 seats!!! I don't say that whoever study abroad are best. But against hundred thousand students, you choose just 50??

0 0 Pm Sir mai ye pochna chahta hu ki jis tarah ki facilities hmare desh ki private hospitals m milti kya us tarah ki atyaadhunik hospitals bharat k har ek zile m nhi khul sakti kya... Swach bharat k sath sath swathya bharat bhi bnaiye... #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 100% DIGITAL CURRENCY TRANSFER IMPLEMENTATION METHOD based on Aadhaar number based Account number & double slot swiping machine...Please see below attachment images
#MannKiBaat #PMonRadio #AIR #MyGov #digitalindia

0 0 for money pollution, if the problem to solve has taken 70+ years, how long will it take to solve the problem air and water pollution? Perhaps before the mankind is lost from earth....

0 0 it will be great if more funds could be channelized to research and development in nano tech areas. this domain has a lot of challenges and potential for growth for the next 100 years.

0 0 Sir print 100 notes(Lower denomination) in huge and release in market.  Get back the 2000 notes and 500 notes from banks and release 100 notes in that place.  Then people will automatically accustom to cashlessel economy at least to avoid ccarrying huge number of notes.

0 0 100% DIGITAL CURRENCY TRANSFER IMPLEMENTATION METHOD based on Aadhaar number based Account number & double slot swiping machine...Please see below attachment PDF
#MannKiBaat #PMonRadio #AIR #MyGov #digitalindia

1 0 how to improve the security on highways and how emergency petrol force track the exact location of the place where some accident happened i have an idea how our country can improve in tracking system of vehicle according to my idea there needed to place some chips containing unique identity by which the specific car can be identified by some distance from special type of tracking device or receiver which can be installed near or under highways those receivers can be connected by satterlite

0 0 Hello sir,
Please address the Municipality employes who are giving their day and night for the clean India mission. Especially the lower level employes.
They are waking before we do.
They are cleaning the areas before the city life starts.
So their work should be acknowledged in national level radio and specially by their beloved Prime Minister.
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Respected sir ,Pranam. I am putting my views on cashless health system for the poor and lower middle class who are unable to give high premiums to insurance companies and bills to hospitals.ESIC is the perfect model for masses as it is promoting cashless facilities and digitalisation as well, but it is available to certain set of people .It should be made available to masses as it can fullfill the dream of sarvey santu niramaya theme with cashless and digital system of health facilities.

0 0 Dear PM,
How to save 1,500 cr. 
Total school children=16 cr
Spends on brown wrapper sheet=Rs.75
Spend on brown wrapper=1,200 cr
Cost of printing color covers=Rs.1
Avg number of notebooks per child=20
Spend on cover pages = 16 x Rs.20 = 320 cr
Cost of brown wrapper covers=Rs.0.60
Total spend on brown wrapper covers=9.6 cr
Savings by using brown wrapper cover pages=1200+320-9.6=1510.4 Cr
Please consider using only brown wrappers.
best regards
Krishna

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री मोदीजी, हमारी कुटुम्ब व्यवस्था हमारे देश की ताकद है। उसी तहत भारतीय नारी घर गृहस्थी , बच्चों की देखभाल और शिक्षापर ध्यान देती है। आज की तारीख में वे नौकरी सम्हालकर ये सब करती है। इनके लिए सरकार एक विकल्प रख सकती है । जो महिलाए 8 घंटे के बजाय 4 घंटे की ड्यूटी आधे तनख्वा में करना चाहती है उन्हें वह विकल्प लेने की अनुमति दी जाए। ऐसा करनेसे ज्यादा महिलाओं को एम्प्लॉयमेंट मिल सकता है , और महिलायें बच्चों की ओर भी अच्छा ध्यान दे सकेंगीं। अनिरुद्ध कवीश्वर

0 0 dear PM please speak more about digital payment and converting india into digital economy. In bengal State Govt is discouraging people . how we can get workshps organised by Central govt on digital payment.Sir we have to introduce a basic school curriculam in financial literacy too for our children .please discuss how we can move ahead towards that.thank you for your excellent work please teach a lesson to lie vending media and venom spewing corrupt politicians.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय प्रणाम
कृपया मन की बात के लिए निम्न अटैचमेंट स्वीकार कीजियेगा
धन्यवाद

0 0 एक सुझाव है कि देश के निजी और सरकारी स्कूल-कॉलेजों में फीस और सभी भुगतान चेक/ अकाउंट ट्रान्सफर से करने का आदेश हो. इससे नक़दी-रहित लेनदेन को बढ़ावा मिलने के साथ ही अभिभावकों से मनमानी वसूली पर भी अंकुश लगेगा. ऐसे ही सभी अस्पतालों और क्लिनिक में भी हो. महंगे उपचार/शल्य-क्रिया के लिए लाखों की नक़दी का प्रबंध और इसे साथ लेकर जाना कठिन और जोखिमपूर्ण होता है, चोरी/लूटपाट का डर रहता है. स्कूल-कॉलेज-अस्पताल नक़द धनराशी  तत्काल भरने पर जोर देते हैं, जो ठीक नहीं  है.

0 0 देश में युवा हर विसय को महत्व देता है लेकिन environment एजुकेशन बहुत ही कम लोग लेते है। देश में आज इस विसय की शिक्षा को बढ़ावा देना बहुत ही महत्वपूर्ण है और जागरूकता फैलाने में सहयोग दें। सिर्फ Ngo's के भरोसे देश में पर्यावरण को सुरक्षा नही दिया जा सकता जबकि युवा बखूबी शिक्षा लेकर आगे न आये। इसलिए हर विसय की तरह पर्यावरण की शिक्षा को भी सरकार seriously  ले।

0 0 सम्मानीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय जी
विंध्य की पावन धरा से आपको सादर सप्रेम नमस्कार।
सर आज पूरा विश्व और देश प्रदूषण की महामारी से जूझ रहा है । आज जब इस  भयावह स्थिति में हम प्रदूषण कम करने के बजाय हम अपने विकास के अंधकार में प्रदूषण को बढ़ाते जा रहे हैं। आज देश में जरूरत है तो environment एजुकेशन को बढ़ावा देने की । क्योंकि जब हर फील्ड के एजुकेशन का प्रमोशन हो रहा है तो environment एजुकेशन को लोग क्यों महत्व नही देते और न ही environmentalist बनना चाहते है। इस पर विचार करें।

0 0 Respected Prime Minister, as the Central Govt. controls and run a National Airlines and Railways, it will be a great boon for the travellers if the Central Govt. starts an All India Bus Service connecting major Tier I and II cities with each other. Sir as you know both citizens of our country as well as the foreign tourists trust Central Govt of our country, this bus service will attract many passengers throughout the year. A feasibility study can be done by Ministry of Road Transport for it

0 0 Share Your Views...
Sir
Why is it not possible that the entire education system (from 1st standard to Graduation) comes under a single and unified education board with same syllabus throughout India?
I want to know your opinion about my suggestion.
Thanking you
JYOTI PROKASH GHOSH

0 0 Sir,Kindly Make Judiciary Accountability & Police Accountability Acts so that Baised & Wrong Orders/Decisions can be Prohibited. Lower and Family Courts Always Insult,Harras,comments, Threats, Punish Husbands in Family Disputes Resulting Husband's Suicides Rapidly.IPC 497 gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery,which Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Gender-Equal. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry.Ashok Dashora,(Presi.) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A.

0 0 Sir,No Men or Husbands are SAFE in Your Country due to IPC-497, which Protect A Wife Against Adultery & Her Extra-Marital Affairs ? IPC 497Incourage,Motivate & Protect A Wife for Adultery,because No Any FIR can be Lodged in Any Police Station Against HER ? No Any Court of India can"PUNISH A Wife in Adultery" ,IPC-497 is Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Cognizable , Arrestable,Non-Bailable & Non- Compoundable,because Married Women( Wives) are Mis-usig for False Cases

0 0 Sir,No Men or Husbands are SAFE in Your Country due to IPC-497, which Protect A Wife Against Adultery & Her Extra-Marital Affairs ? IPC 497Incourage,Motivate & Protect A Wife for Adultery,because No Any FIR can be Lodged in Any Police Station Against HER ? No Any Court of India can"PUNISH A Wife in Adultery" ,IPC-497 is Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Cognizable , Arrestable,Non-Bailable & Non- Compoundable,because Married Women( Wives) are Mis-usig for False Cases

0 0 A letter to PM...#MannKiBaat

0 0 In the continuation of my previous message...
2. Due to ban on Gokashi so many disowned animals are roaming in the farms and damaging crops.
3. Apart from big animals there are lots of monkeys in my village which are also damaging crops and people say that they can not kill monkeys as per the law and they don't know how to deal with this problem.

0 0 Hello PM Sir,
I work in the United States and currently I came to visit my village: Kutubnagar, District: Sitapur (U.P.) where I came to know about few problems my village folks are facing.
1. Due to Demonetization farmers are facing a lot of problems e.g. delay in irrigation, sowing, delay in putting fertilizer in, delay in putting pesticides etc. Some poor people have even dies because they didn't get the treatment in time as someone from his/her family was standing in the line for cash.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी।आप प्लास्टिक के सामानों को use न करने के बिषय में इस बार जरूर बोले।प्लास्टिक मनी तो अच्छा है किंतु प्लास्टिक कप थाली आदि में भोजन करना कैंसर को आमंत्रित करता है।साथ ही प्रयावरण को भी अत्यधिक नुकसान पहुचता है।गंदगी को भी बढ़ाने में सहायक होता है।

0 0 Dear Sir,
We have heard about electoral reforms a lot and everytime it starts with candidates disclosure etc. Can we do something for streamlining the registration process in electoral roles? The current process is not known to most, is cumbersome and time taking. This results in these people (mostly youngsters) not being able to vote.
We do have election commission website but it takes months and months to get any action on application.
Requesting for your attention on this please.

0 0 Sir,Kindly Make Judiciary Accountability & Police Accountability Acts so that Baised & Wrong Orders/Decisions can be Prohibited. Lower and Family Courts Always Insult,Harras,comments, Threats, Punish Husbands in Family Disputes Resulting Husband's Suicides Rapidly.IPC 497 gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery,which Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Gender-Equal. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry.Ashok Dashora,(Presi.) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A.

0 0 Sir,Kindly Make Judiciary Accountability & Police Accountability Acts so that Baised & Wrong Orders/Decisions can be Prohibited. Lower and Family Courts Always Insult,Harras,comments, Threats, Punish Husbands in Family Disputes Resulting Husband's Suicides Rapidly.IPC 497 gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery,which Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Gender-Equal. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry.Ashok Dashora,(Presi.) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A.

0 0 Speak for police forces.They have need to update like UK,USA police forces.They have lack of facilities.They have stressful life.That's why these all affected on common people.people think that polices are not cooperative etc.Here is a need of improvement.All over country police should have same dress code.

0 0 Sir,Kindly Make Judiciary Accountability & Police Accountability Acts so that Baised & Wrong Orders/Decisions can be Prohibited. Lower and Family Courts Always Insult,Harras,comments, Threats, Punish Husbands in Family Disputes Resulting Husband's Suicides Rapidly.IPC 497 gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery,which Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Gender-Equal. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry.Ashok Dashora,(Presi.) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A.

0 0 Need to change all form option physical handicapped with specially abled.
This is compatible with PWD act 1995

0 0 Sir,IPC-497 is Shameful for  Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation, because it gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery.IPC-497 Incourage, Motivate & Protect A Wife for Adultery,because No Any FIR can be Lodged in Any Police Station Against HER ? No Any Court of India "can PUNISH A Wife in Adultery"Wives are Mis-using for their Extra-Marital Affairs Lodging False/Fake Cases of Dowry,498-A, D.V. & Maintenance Against Husbands Resulting Rapid Suicides of Husbands. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry

0 0 Salute to our courageous PM.Sir regarding tax exemption,i would suggest to allocate some portion of individual tax payer money (5%,10%) to their NPS instead of increasing tax exemption. It can be individual choice, that how much money he wants to allocate additionally in NPS but fix some portion from Gov side to ensure their pension. no need to tell benefit of pension.

0 0 Sir,Kindly Make Judiciary Accountability & Police Accountability Acts so that Baised & Wrong Orders/Decisions can be Prohibited. Lower and Family Courts Always Insult,Harras,comments, Threats, Punish Husbands in Family Disputes Resulting Husband's Suicides Rapidly.IPC 497 gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery,which Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Gender-Equal. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry.Ashok Dashora,(Presi.) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A.

0 0 R/Sir,Kindly make IPC 497 Cognizable,Arrestable,Non-Bailable & Non- Compoundable,because Married Women( Wives) are Mis-using for their Extra-Marital Affairs Lodging False/Fake Cases of Dowry,498-A, D.V. & Maintenance Against Husbands,Resulting Rapid Suicides of Husbands IPC 497 Incourage,Motivate & Protect A Wife for Adultery,because No Any FIR can be Lodged in Any Police Station Against HER ? No Any Court of India can PUNISH A Wife in Adultery"Hindu-Sanskriti" & Families Destroying. 09425345999

0 0 Sir,Kindly Make Judiciary Accountability & Police Accountability Acts so that Baised & Wrong Orders/Decisions can be Prohibited. Lower and  Family  Courts Always Insult,Harras,comments, Threats, Punish Husbands in Family Disputes Resulting Husband's Suicides Rapidly.IPC 497 gives A Wife Liberty for Adultery,which Shameful for Husbands,Humanity & Also for Nation.Make IPC 497 Gender-Equal. Make"Purush-Ayog" & Men's Welfare Ministry.Ashok Dashora,(Presi.) Forum Against Mis-Use Of Section-498A.

0 0 Salute to our courageous PM.Sir,I have suggestion on regulating builders.I would suggest Govt to host a common web portal, where seller and buyer can do shopping of flat/home properties.This portal should be based upon Govt rules and regulations. It can regulate builders, who cheats buyer.I know govt has introduced new rule and regulations but individuals buyers is not able to fight with these builders. So let govt portal monitor it & automate the system against builder commitment vs delivery.

0 0 Dear PM sir
In your speech address the labour problems,contractors are enjoying 90% of the contract and paying only 10% to labour who is working with risk,
The contractor bribing labour commission,local politicians ,labour union leaders.
In other countries 25% contract will enjoy by contractor,75% pay to labour
Cost of contract is same in all the countries,
Why people interested to work in abroad because of stringent laws

0 0 sir...rise the standards of govt. schools...it's not just about constructing toilets. turn the govt. schools into english medium schools. students from regional medium schools face lot of difficulties in this english dominated world. Of coarse our mother tongue is not to be neglected. make our regional language a third language subject and make it compulsory to pass in that subject.

0 0 MAHINDER SINGH FROM VILL. MAHAWATI TEH. SAMALKHA, PANIPAT , ATTACH FILE WITH MY VIEW PLEASE READ IT.

0 0 Our beloved PM,  it is my humble request to you,  for complete abolishment of reservation in our education and govt job system.  Iss aaraksan ke liye hamare desh me budhhiman logo ko achi siksha aur naukari nahi mil pati aur wo desh chod ke videsh me naukari karne pe mazboor ho jate hai, jyada dar aise halat middle class ke logo ke hote hai, ye desh ki dor kiske hatho mei honi chahiye ye aap nirdharith kare. Maan mei ye biswas hai ki ap hi iske khilaf kuch kar sakte hai.

0 0 Our beloved PM,  it is my humble request to you,  for complete abolishment of reservation in our education and govt job system.  Iss aaraksan ke liye hamare desh me budhhiman logo ko achi siksha aur naukari nahi mil pati aur wo desh chod ke videsh me naukari karne pe mazboor ho jate hai, jyada dar aise halat middle class ke logo ke hote hai, ye desh ki dor kiske hatho mei honi chahiye ye aap nirdharith kare. Maan mei ye biswas hai ki ap hi iske khilaf kuch kar sakte hai.

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 R/Sir,Kindly make IPC 497 Cognizable,Arrestable,Non-Bailable & Non- Compoundable,because Married Women( Wives) are Mis-using for their Extra-Marital Affairs Lodging False/Fake Cases of Dowry,498-A, D.V. & Maintenance Against Husbands,Resulting Rapid Suicides of Husbands IPC 497 Incourage,Motivate & Protect A Wife for Adultery,because No Any FIR can be Lodged in Any Police Station Against HER ? No Any Court of India can PUNISH A Wife in Adultery"Hindu-Sanskriti" & Families Destroying. 09425345999

0 0 Honourable  PM of India
Its been a pleasure for us to have a govt. who not only have vision but intentions also. sir personal spending on health pull a large number of population every year under the BPL category.The lack of financial resources and health insurance penetration make the matter worse. so if we have a scheme where people  pay the insurance premium through their bank accounts in installments in one year and from the next year the get the policy cover.
thank you

0 0 Dear PM sir
To Transforming people for cashless transactions ,i want to share my views
1.firstly it should applicable for urban areas
2.Grouping all the businesses,for example
Group1{star hotels,cinema halls,petrol bunks} Group2.{shopping malls..etc.Group3{hospital,medical stores..}
3.cease cash payments group wise one by one,for example
Group1{ after feb 28 these business should not accept cash payment} ,group2{ april 30} and so..
4.Once 100% success ,impose same to areas

1 0 Good Evening The prime minister of india Shri narendra modi ji.I am Lakesh Kumar . Please find the attachment open the read. sir mere man me aak idea aya hai ki kya ham sabhi log Shri Amitab Bachchan ji ko uttar pradesh ki kaman sambhalne ko de sakte hai.Please sir mere es chhote se idea ko aap aak bar jarur vichar vimrsh kariyega.

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov
बहुत सारे केसेस में बिना गुन्हा किये झुटे फसने वाले लोगो के लिये अपील करने की PROVISION कर दे जो की आज तक मेरे जानकारी की मुताबिक अस्तित्व में नहीं है इसके लिए हमारे सरकार ने अपील कर दी है ऐसा ऐलान इस मन की बात में करे

0 0 Sir Please give a clear cut explanation of demonetisation benefits and when can we enjoy the fruit of demonetisation. Because a lot of insecure feeling is raising among people and if PM gives a word, people will be happy. A major question roaming on the social media is " The amount of corruption is being done in Lakh Crores and the recovery is in Hundred core digits. Is this a effective benefit of demonetisation?" PM ji, Kindly guide us in a right way.

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

1 0 please   start a program called dc to differently able in it district  commissioner must meet at list one differently able person in a month

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
I would like to suggest my idea about paperless Income Tax calculation and returns filing in India. I would suggest to remove all the exemptions in personal Income tax and have tax slabs like Income upto 5lacks-No Tax, 5to10lacks-10% tax,10-15lacs-20%tax and above 15lacs-30% tax. In this idea, we can eliminate all the paper work and save tons of paper every year. Straight forward tax computation and returns filing without any single paper submission.

0 0 sir, i am having an idea that is useful for young INDIA sir please make some rules for selecting a faculty in colleges sir.

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donation of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 Next benami property pls hoping from u modiji

0 0 Namaskar

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donation of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार,
वैसे तो आपको लाखो सुझाव आते होंगे पर एक छोटा सा सुझाव मेरा भी है की हर बैंक को नया खाता खोलते वक़्त नया खाता नम्बर देने के बजाय लोगो के आधार नम्बर को ही खाता नम्बर बनाना चाहिए इससे प्रत्येक खाता धारक को भी फायदा होगा और सरकार को भी. इससे एक फायदा यह होगा की व्यक्ति किसी भी बैंक में अपना खाता खुलवा ले उसका खाता नम्बर सभी बैंको में कॉमन रहेगा जिससे की उससे भी अलग अलग बैंको का खाता नम्बर याद रखने की जरूरत नही होगी
इससे बहुत सारे फायदे होंगे...

0 0 #MannKiBaa
Respected PM 
         I am  civil engineer. I have some idea to get free  electricity. without burning fuel or without damaging nature. that idea can be implement on project  of  Statue of  Shivaji Maharaja which construction will be start  in Arabian sea.
   My idea is little complected to share here.but Its does not require any changes in that project. If we give me permission to present in front of you i will like .

0 0 Please convey to the public that what will be done with the money which will not come back  to the economy? How will our be utilized for public good? How will the govt now tackle culprits like Mallya and Lalit Modi?

0 0 Hello sir mene apako bahot time idea bheje he lekin pata nahi ki aap bhadate ho ki nahi hum aap ke samarthak he lekin suggestion hamara bahetar he please read my suggestion

0 0 sir i would like to appreciate u for demonetization, the way u implemented it shows that u had been working over the matter since u had been over the chair, opening of JAN DHAN ACCOUNTS ,DIGITAL india, pay tm,ITDS, demonetization, after 20 days scheme 50-50, then special scheme for political parties u had used every penny countries welfare.Zero wastage no dissatisfactio all happy.

0 0 Dear sir please read read read
Find in attachment for read
Election prachar by radio se kare without cost not by rally please save money for poor people bcoz abhi rally ke karshe 800-1200 caror karte ho to itane me to 1200  villege (Gav) vikasit ho jayenge
Political party fund ko income tax ke dayare me layie kyuki aan public ko bharoso nahi he politicians pe or transparency complete ho
Medicine me doctor Active ingredients ka nam use kare prescription me to loko ko sasti medicine milegi

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount.These be accepted only through banking channels.And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 Our respected PM Ji
Kindly speak about time plan for dispensing  with anonymous donations of any amount. These be accepted only through banking channels. And monthly income and expenditure statement should  required to be filed by  every political party with election commission and put on its website for dissemination for citizens which will facilitate to cement your image as great statesman ever produced by country so as to implement demonetization effectively and to promote less cash society

0 0 sir my post is regarding recovery of new currency in various raids post demonetization, which raises various questions regarding disrtibution of money, the question must b answered because if an individual can withdraw maximum of one lakh twenty thousand from an account, then how few has been able to manage crores, if answer to these questios r there then demonetization would b a grand success, and will b remembered in history in golden words.

0 0 I m proud to join with  sir  I want give my views regarding the our poor farmers who have get fix in the vicious circle of  bank loan ,and it is hardened to come out from it .
In large no. of families are  get fix in this burial.
So I requested you to please give them relief from as it is possible !
Sir our govt.have received a big amount through the IDS & our govt always says that it will help the poor & farmers so  the time has come to give the real , direct help to them. Thanks

0 0 respected sir ,i would like to share few views regarding transforming India, sir india is a great country with its &) percent population living in vilages , therefore alongwith the concept of smart citites there should b concept of smart blocks , for this there must b a good hospital accrdited to all cards including RSBY, AND others there must b good intermediate school whose performance b at par to to good schools in cities.Sir i want rural development and upliftment to reduce burden on cities.

0 0 Sir, j&k ke yuvaon ke liye special recruitment drive hona chaahiye jaise divya con, sc, st ke liye hota hai. Isase vahan ke jo yuva samajha raashtr virodhee gatividhiyon men lipt hain unkee sankhya nagany ho jayegi.isake liye sarakar apane "navaratn" udyogon ka sahara le. Isase ye yuva kashmir se nikal kar desh ke vibhinn bhagon men fail jayenge aur jab roji roti men ladenge to rashtr virodhee gatividhiyon ko bhool jayenge. 100 ko pahale saal naukari milati hai to baki prateeksha men shant rahen

0 0 Respected PM,
May please include these topics in your Mann kee Baat
1.Your plan for bringing back the Black Money stashed in foreign banks.I know SIT has been formed but nothing concrete has come till now.
2.Plan for curbing the Black Money going into funding of Political Parties.Please do make it mandatory for every Political Party to put their earnings in public domain under RTI.All political funding must be on e-payment platform only.

1 0 सोशल रिस्पोंसिबिलिटी स्कोर "SRS" (R)
हर एक भारतीय के लिए एक सोशल रिपोसिबिलिटी स्कोर का प्रावधान किया जाना चाहिए | इसकी एक विस्तृत योजना और कियान्वयन का पूरा डॉक्युमेंट तैयार है | इस योजना में हर एक की भागीदारी और समाज के प्रति उसके योगदान को आंका जाएगा और उसके हिसाब से उसे अंक दिए जायेंगे | स्वच्छता, रक्तदान, लोगों को शिक्षित करना, वालंटियर बनाना,सरकारी योजनाओं में योगदान जिसके फलस्वरूप उसे शिक्षा,नौकरियां ,व्यापार,कर छूट,निजी सेक्टर में अवसर आदि मिलेंगे, यह जिम्मेदार, सजग नागरिक बनायेगा|

0 0 सोशल रिस्पोंसिबिलिटी स्कोर "SRS" (R)
हर एक भारतीय के लिए एक सोशल रिपोसिबिलिटी स्कोर का प्रावधान किया जाना चाहिए | इसकी एक विस्तृत योजना और कियान्वयन का पूरा डॉक्युमेंट तैयार है | इस योजना में हर एक की भागीदारी और समाज के प्रति उसके योगदान को आंका जाएगा और उसके हिसाब से उसे अंक दिए जायेंगे | स्वच्छता, रक्तदान, लोगों को शिक्षित करना, वालंटियर बनाना,सरकारी योजनाओं में योगदान जिसके फलस्वरूप उसे शिक्षा,नौकरियां ,व्यापार,कर छूट,निजी सेक्टर में अवसर आदि मिलेंगे,  यह जिम्मेदार, सजग नागरिक बनायेगा|

0 0 Sir ..Please do consider this topic for this session or in coming session... Instilling good traits(integrity, sharing , caring, loving, working to achieve goal etc) in the minds of younger generation right from childhood which can pave way for change in culture leading to well etiquette country with development on each and every nook and corner. A society with integrity is the need of the hour to change lives and schemes reaching the right section of people.

0 0 GREAT SCHEME FOR THE FIRST TIME BY ANY GOVT LAUNCHED FOR DEAF CHILDREN BY PROVIDING FREE COCHLEAR IMPLANT,BUT SCHEME IS TOO SLOW.UP HAS BEEN GIVEN ONLY 10 IMPLANTS ,PLEASE ENSURE FASTER IMPLANT DELIVERY OTHER WISE THE WHOLE PURPOSE OF THE SCHEME FAILS

0 0 Our Enforcement machinery has to be corruption free, i.e. they shoud not expect "convenience fee" from the honest citizens.  In other words, I would say, none of the Enforcement Executive / Machinery do a favour out of the norms, therefore, the norms, have to be very clear and same for all individuals.
Hope the above shall be considered for cleansing the system and in the right prespective.
Alll the Best to all of us in our endavour to get our country rid of corruption and black money.

0 0 few thimgs that i would like to suggest to improve government performance is to improve the condition of goveernment buildings and security of those living in remote areas because most r serving away from their home station, any police complain from them must b looked at priority because their job is transferable they will not b available for long for the pursue of case.sir i m citing this because this is my story as an eye surgeon Dr Abhishek Singh inchandaulli PMHS

0 0 our inspiration p m Modi ji. আমি অনুরোধ করছি আপনার কাছে বরাক উপত্যকার রাস্তা অবস্থা খুব খারাপ।গাড়ির চলাচল অনেক অসুবিধা ।school এ যাওয়া আসা বাচ্চাদের জন্য অনেক কষ্ট ।sir. Assam সরকার কে বরাক উপত্যকা রাস্তা উপর নজর দিতে আপনার মাধ্যমে অনুরোধ জানাচ্ছি ।যদি কিছু কাজ হয় তবে কৃতজ্ঞ থাকবো ।ধন্যবাদ মাননীয় প্রধান মন্ত্রী মহাসয়।আমি Dilip Kumar Das. Behera Bazar Cachar Assam

0 0 Please read read read read
Dear sir please read my idea from attached PDF file
Why political party not under cover income tax
Why more thane million of money waste in rally by politician
Please public ,government ,political fund AND ACCOUNT all are in transparency AND radar on tree department income tax ,CBI,ANTI CORRUPTION DEPARTMENT
All Account linked with adhar and  pan card
Election ka prachar only on redio  ya electronic media se karna chahiye to ye money waste nahi hoga rally me

0 0 All Payment portals, must insure frauds from Indian Insurer with a time frame to restore the funds to the victim of Fraud.

0 0 Solutions for these are:
a)  Make NPCI a nodal agency for clearing the payment from all payment portals.
b)  TRAI to advise all Mobile Service companies to block the IMEI upon receipt of a complaint from subscriber.  It will also result in controlling the crime.  A draft paper was moved long ago, which did not see the light of the day.
c)  Credit cards be issued acceptable in India only on the lines of Rupay Debit cards and service charges be restricted @0.01% max. Rs. 25/- per transaction.

0 0 test

0 0 Honourable Sir,
There are bascally three concerns, for want of which, digitalised payments are not getting enough momentum.  I am narrating them with solutions and hope, it would be attended in due course.
a) There are several payment portals, but they are non-interactive i.e. they are not capable to receive the payment from other portal.
b) In the event of loss of Mobile set, the money lying in the portals, also gets lost.
c) Service charges for the Credit & Debit cards are high for mechant

1 0 even as anonymous  whistle blowers in order to track and bring the corrupt to book. 
I suggest this for Your Honour’s kind perusal since this could instill a sense of fear, shame and guilt in the minds of the family members and also the public servant or politician, which may in the long run have some effect in reducing corruption and also empower and embolden the hardworking, straightforward but shy people to come out and report about the various corruptions and hoarded wealth.

0 0 After  demonetization when a largest group of people is going  to make payments  electronically,  Can we  make/use/popular  a Term for All electronic modes of payment  (atleast in Government system)  like as:  example- “etm”- (Electronic transaction Mode/method)   ;  “epm”-(Electronic Payment Mode/method)” ;   “eps”-(Electronically Payment System)  ;     “ets
Electronic transaction system) .. ……  etc................

0 0 which is a necessity and duty expected out of them in the service of the motherland. 
Your Honour could address the family members to live within their means and to increase their means of income according to their abilities and hardwork and not latch upon the corrupt person and his bribe monies to support their false and pretentious life style.
Your Honour could also address the honest public servants who are in know of corruption / benami transactions / benamis etc to report it (contd)

0 0 माननीय पी एम जी नाेट बन्दी का फैसला लेकर अापने एक अशाेक के शासन काल की याद िदला दी िजसके िलए मातृभूमि अाैर मां से बड़ा कुछ नहीं हाेता था मैं उम्मीद करता हूं कि देश हित में एेसे फैसले अाप अभी अाैर लेगें
यह समाज अाप के द्रवारा किये गये काम से परसन्न् है।

0 0 who receive bribes and use it for luxuries or vices, and that it is the ardent responsibility of the family members to address the issue of corruption and bribe money since most of the corrupt persons would cite their family members lifestyle and their requirements as an excuse for their corrupt ways and means. 
Your Honour could state that the family members of such public servants or politicians have a national duty and honour to keep a clean life and be above suspicion (contd)

0 0 leads to worse living conditions, loss of livelihood and even loss of life and thus the corrupt money is nothing but blood money and there is nothing to rejoice in the good life provided by bribe money.  Emphasize could be laid on the stigma that the  family of such corrupt persons would face when caught by the long arms of law.  
Your Honour could address the family members straight saying that the family members should protest and detest the public servant or politician or others (contd)

0 0 Namste SIR,
Thank you so much for everything you are doing for INDIA.
I wanted to give suggestion on Food prepared in restaurants.Food they prepare on daily basis is having daily wastage for sure.I don't know what they do with it,throw it off or use it on next day.But if they do a practice of giving it away this remaining food(not the one which is left out on the table from guests) for free everyday to poor people,it'll be a great help for the very poor people around.

0 0 of those wallowing in corruption and enjoying the fruits of such ill-gotten wealth and the good life and luxuries it offers temporarily, pointing out that such monies, gold and diamonds, properties, luxury holidays, luxury accessories etc  are nothing but theft from the pockets of innocent, hardworking and tax-paying public across the nation and for whom these public servants are supposed to work and make their life better. Such corruption leads to poor quality infrastructures which even (contd)

0 0 in corruption and bring a pride in the minds of simple, straight forward and hardworking citizens.  This kind of a direct address to the beneficiaries of corruption and putting them to shame may  make many more straight forward but shy people to come out and report about the benami wealth and hoarded properties of the corrupt.  (Chief Secretary of Tamil Nadu had been raided by Income Tax Department just now). 
Your Honour may use this edition of MannkiBaat to address the family members(cont)

0 0 To,										19-12-2016
The Honourable Prime Minister of India
Shri. Narendra Modiji,
Lok Kalyan Marg, New Delhi. 
			Sub:  Subject for Mann Ki Baat – regarding 
Namaste. 
Your Honour has taken a phenomenal first step to weed out black money and corruption from public life and to recover the ill-gotten wealth of the corrupt through  Demonetization . At this juncture it would be appropriate to address the issue of corruption and specifically put to shame those wallowing (contd)

0 0 From,
           Raviprasanna M,
           The CAMPCO Ltd.,
           BH Road,Birur-577116.
           Kadur Tq,
           Chikmagalur Dist.
           9482903449.
To,
          Sri.Narendra Modiji,
          PM of India.
Sir,
         Sub: Ban on higher notes-my opinion-reg.
I realy appreciating yours guts to ban of higher denomination notes. But government of india failed to implement properly.
I have one idea that how we can ban higher denomination in proper way without make

0 0 Please find my pdf attatchment..

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, 
We would like to submit a few suggestions regarding Go Cashless initiatives, from our experience on field in helping people go digital. Our team has been volunteering to help people go digital in Bengaluru. We have volunteered at branches of SBI banks, markets and at commercial establishments, especially those catering to the lower socio-economic groups. Our suggestions are attached.

0 0 My suggestions for Mann ki Baat are attached with respectful regards to Hon'ble Prime Minister

0 0 SIRJEE
EXCEPT ENTRY OF GOLD ON ELECTRONIC GOLD CARD/PROPERTY ON PROPERTY CARD SHALL BE DECLARED ILLEGAL AND SECURITY ON SUCH PROPERTY/MONEY/GOLD SHALL BE WITHDRAWN.
THERE WILL BE CONTROLLED BLACK MONEY IN HUGE FORM.
THANKS
JAI HIND!

0 0 SIR JEE NAMASTE
I SEE THAT MORE PEOPLE INVEST THEIR MONEY IN GOLD. OK NO PROBLEM. NOW HEREAFTER EACH AND EVERY PERSON SHALL HAVE ELECTRONIC GOLD CARD (SUCH AS DEBIT/CREDIT CARD) WHICH SHALL CONNECTED WITH PAN/ADHAR AND LINKED TO TREASURY AND INCOME TAX DEPARTMENT. NO SINGLE TRANSACTION WILL BE ALLOWED BY CASH. HEAVY PUNISHMENT TO JEWELERS SHALL BE KEPT. EACH AND EVERY TRANSACTION SHALL BE MADE THROUGH CARD ONLY.HENCE ALL TRANSACTION WILL BE BECOME UNDER THE GOVERNMENT WITH SECURE ONLY. JAIHIND

0 0 आदरणीय महोदयजी ,सविनय प्रणाम ..!
खेती और पर्यावरण संवर्धन ये पुरे जगत में महत्वपूर्ण है । पहला उसकी तरफ  ध्यान देने की जरुरत है ।
पुरे जगत का  कल्याण खेती और पर्यावरण से ही होगा ।कृपा करके नीचे दिये jpej देखिये ।

0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister,
I wish to submit for controlling corruption govt. should strictly ensure ;-
- Timely disposal/decision, responsibility be fixed for delay.
- Flexible and understandable rulings for public
- Timely payment in govt/semi govt. procurement. Interest for
  delay.
- No Govt office should close for more than 2 days
  continuously. This is must since other segment work 6-7 days
  a week.
With best regards,

0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister,
Being a Sr. Citizen I would like to suggest govt to take advantate of demonetization of 500/- & 1000/- notes ;-
- General I/Tax exemption upto 1.5 lacs (Defining category
  covered), Income beyond 1.5, Tax @5% to 10% on gross w/o
  exemptions.
- Capital Gain Tax 10% (Short term/long term)
- Modvat in stamp duty/registration of property.
- Shopkeeper/self employed not covered under GST/VAT be taxed
  at 2% subject to min. 5000/- Per Year.

0 0 Dear sir... I welcome your Demonetization. in our economy we spend huge amount to oil.if we encourage the people to use bicycles, we save lot of Foreign Exchange. but the bicycles price is higher than second hand mopeds. so i suggest, if give tax free to bicycles the rate is reduce and thousands of peoples go to use cycles.

0 0 SIR JEE NAMSTE
I WOULD LIKE TO SUGGEST ON CONTROL OF PROPERTY PURCHASING OR INVESTING IN IS AS:- EACH AND EVERY PERSON WILL CREATE THEIR ELECTRONIC PROPERTY CARD BY ONLINE AND SAME SHOULD BE CONNECTED WITH PAN AND ADHAR. HENCE EVERYBODY WILL GET NO. AND WHILE TRANSACTION/S SALE/PURCHASE SHALL BE MADE ON/THROUGH THIS NO. ONLY VIA REGISTRATION OFFICE. THE SAME CARD SHALL BE CONNECTED WITH REGISTRATION OFFICE/INCOME TAX OFFICE/TALATHI OFFICE/POLICE DEPARTMENT.
THANKS
JAI HIND

0 0 Respected Sir,
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me this opportunity to write to you.Having said that I would like to take this chance to request you a couple of thing that u should discuss in your upcoming 'mann ki baat' First of all it would be really great if you could ponder upon the topic of demonetization and discuss it's benefits with the masses.Secondly I would request you to clear the air surrounding the incident Of loan waiver to a person like Vijay Malya

0 0 Please find attachment.

0 0 SHIV-SMARAK at Mumbai-Great decision, All the best for foundation ceremony.
PUNE METRO- Big thanks from Punekars. Welcome to Pune for Metro opening ceremony.
Swachcha Bharat..Pragat Bharat.  CLEAN INDIA..PROGRESSIVE INDIA

0 0 Sir. I am HS School Teacher. I am with your step. I request u to take step against unauthorized property to swipe out the black property.Please avail specially aadhaar based mobile handsets in the market for successful cashless transactions. I request u to arrange free internet system in the rural area to AHEAD CASHLESS TRANSACTIONS.

0 0 NAMSTE SIRJEE!
I WOULD LIKE TO SUGGEST YOU FOR CONTROL CORRUPTION AND CASH DUMPING IS GOVT SHALL COMPACT SECURITY ON CASH KEEPING SUCH LIKE IN POCKET MORE THAN RS.10000/- AND IN HOME PER FAMILY RS.50,000/- WILL NOT BE SECURED BY GOVERNMENT. IF FOUND OR ROBBERY GOVT /POLICE WILL SECURE FOR THE ABOVE LIMIT ONLY.
HENCE CASH DUMPING WILL BE CONTROLLED AND MAXIMUM PEOPLE WILL OPERATE THEIR TRANSACTION BY CASHLESS.
JAI HIND

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर प्रणाम। मैं श्याम कुमार तिवारी छत्तीसगढ़  राज्य के सरगुजा जिले में शिक्षक पंचायत के पद पर कार्यरत हूँ।मैं अपनी समस्या के माध्यम से एक सुझाव देना चाहता हूँ। मेरा सुझाव शिक्षाऋण की वर्तमान स्थिति से है जो की एक मध्यमवर्गीय परिवार के बच्चों के लिए सही नही है । अतः कृप्या इस संदेष पर अवश्य ध्यान देवें ।

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान मंत्री जी ,
हमारे देश में नोट बंदी और राजनीति से ज्यादा महत्वपूर्ण विषय है जो भविष्य में विकराल समस्या का रूप ले सकतें हैं जिनमे जनसंख्या एवं जलवायुप्रदुषण प्रमुख है|परन्तु दुर्भाग्यपूर्ण रूप से हमारा देश इस दिशा में कोई कदम नहीं बाधा रहा है और जो कदम उठाये गएँ हैं वे अपर्याप्त प्रतीत होतें हैं या जनता उनसे अवगत नहीं है |  ऐसा न हो की हम इस बहुमूल्य समय को यूँ ही गवां दे और आने वाली पीढियां हमें माफ़ न करे और अपनी समस्याओं के लिए हमें दोषी ठहराएं, जो उचित भी होगा |

0 0 मेरे पापा Sandip P Patel के द्वारा अंबाजी मंदिर, अंबाजी, गुजरात में आपके e- payment की पहेल पर e-payment करके 500 रुपये का दान अर्पित किया
आप ये बात आपकी मनकी बात में कहे की अब मंदिर में भी आप कार्ड से दान करे
आप ये बात मनकी बात में कहे जिससे मेरे 125 देशवासियों को प्रेरणा मिलें
इसका Photo attach किया है
जय हिन्द

0 0 में हेतव पटेल, अहमदाबाद, गुजरात
मेरे बडे पापा Nitin P Patel सरकारी स्कूल में अध्यापक है उनके द्वारा स्वच्छ भारत मिशन के आंतर्गत उनकी स्कूल में उनकी तरफ से हाथ रुमाल का वितरण किया जिससे मध्याहन भोजन समय दरम्यान स्कूल के छात्रो हाथ धो कर उस रुमाल से हाथ पोछ कर खाने के लिए बैठे जिससे स्वच्छ हाथ से खाने से बीमारी कम होगी
उनकी ये कामगीरी आप मनकी बात में कहे जीससे दूसरे लोगों को इससे प्रेरणा मीले और वह भी कोइ एसा कार्य करे
उनके इस कार्य का फोटो मैंने Attach कीया हुआ है।
धन्यवाद

0 0 Stop black money at the source of generation.
Assign 100,000 inspectors and send them to make purchases from the market, if the seller or service provider does not issue a bill, immediately seal and close the shop or institution.
If the permission granting government authorities ask for a bribe, instantaneous communication with the higher authority should be facilitated.

0 0 अफसरशाही पर नियंत्रण लगे
देश के सामान्य मानविक के लिए यह एक वरदान की तरह है।
फिर भी आपके लिए मैं एक ध्यानाकर्षण बिंदु रखना चाहूंगा सर।
स्वच्छ भारत अभियान ,जो की आपके द्वारा लाया गया एक ऐतिहासिक अभियान था
पर अब ये मन्द होने लगा है
हमारे शहर वारिसलीगंज में इसका प्रभाव शून्य के बराबर है सर
नगर पंचायत से लेकर जनप्रतिनिधि तक कोई भी इस मुहीम के प्रति सम्वेदनशील नही है
हमारे (नवादा) जिले के जिलाधिकारी भी इस कार्य के प्रति उदासीन है
कृपया स्वच्छता मुहीम को फिर से अपनी मन की बात में शामिल करें

0 0 namstey mere priye pm ji you are my everything. mai kehna chahta hu ki siksha ki vyastha theek karne ke liye desh ke sabhi primary sarkari techers ka dobaara se exam lena chahiye jisse jo ghoos dekar teacher bana hoga vo exam me fail ho jayega aur desh ki primary siksha achi hone ke liye ek acha kadam hai. Dear Pm my Heaven is  to make a perfect india aur mai aapke jaisa banna chahta hu. desh ko ek perfect aur top country banana chahta hu. 
                              dhanyvad

1 0 https://www.change.org/p/people-of-india-disrupting-parliamentary-activi...
Dear Prime Minister
Thank you very much for all your initiatives and determination for the development of India. Can you please sort out the number one house of India, the lower house!? After all, it all starts at home. We cannot afford this or accept it any more.
Thank you
Adarsh

0 0 Sir,
I am sorry to say this, In my village people sitting for toilet in front of School & Gram Panchayt it self but also Grama Panchayath is  not taking any action & solution for this (Village : Hulloli, TQ: Hukkeri, Dist: Belgaum (Karnataka) MP Area - Chikkodi&Belgaum.

0 0 Still now also People sitting (Main) Road side for toilet, it is very same thing to our Gram Panchayat.... Pls request you for do some thing for outer area sitting for Toilet.. Strictly pass Notice to all Grama Panchayt for "Their are responsible for this thing you start penalty to Panchayath it self, & Every Panchayath should have public Toilet & Its maintenance" Then only this problem will solve..

0 0 https://www.change.org/p/people-of-india-disrupting-parliamentary-activi...

0 0 dear sir, we are group of persons from veraval, gir-somnath district, gujarat. sir we request you to make the bank employees more accountable for their job, as huge amount of cash has been found from different part of state and the country. but the comman people like us are suffering great difficulties for getting even survival cash on hand from ATMs in our town and also nearby places, as all the ATMs are out of cash or not working since many days (specifically in Maliya Hatina, dist:junagadh)

0 0 आपके व आपकी पार्टी के लिए कुछ स्लोगन भेज रहा जो आपके काम आयेंगे। 
हम और आप, ख़त्म करेंगे पाप।
देश हमारा-आपका, संवार रही है भाजपा।
भाजपा की विकास नीति, बदल रही पुरानी रीति।
बदलाव की ओर, भाजपा का जोर।
सबने है माना, बदलाव है लाना।
परिवर्तन से प्रगति, भाजपा संग उन्नति।
परिवर्तन संग युवा, तरक्की की हवा।
लालच में न आना, देशहित की पार्टी लाना।
स्वार्थ से ज्यादा, देशहित का वादा।
अपना नहीं देश का, विकास करेंगे हर-एक का।
नोटबंदी के जाल में, कालेधन वाले बुरे हाल में।

0 0 सरकारी नौकरियों का वेतनमान बढ़ता जा रहा है तो प्राइवेट नौकरियों का घटता, बेरोजगार युवक अपने व परिवार के पालन-पोषण के लिए मजबूरीवश प्राइवेट से काम चला रहे जबकि सबसे ज्यादा डिग्री व हुनर रखते हैं।
अखिलेश जी की सपा सरकार ने इधर बहुत नौकरियाँ निकाली जिसमें जातिवाद पर भर्ती हुई साथ ही सालों से तैयारी कर रहे सबसे होनहार बच्चे नौकरी पा गये, जिनमें ज्यादातर तो आरक्षण की वज़ह से पाये।
हम जैसे आज भी बेरोजगार बैठे हैं क्योंकि सामान्य वर्ग के और भाजपा की सरकार में हाईस्कूल व इण्टर करने वाले हैं।

0 0 Dear Sir,
Cash Less Transaction : All State Govt are first adopt Digital ticket system through swapping cards in All Buses (At least Long rout Buses)like KSRTC,NWKRTC,APSRTC,MSRTC etc because mainly cash & its change problems happening in buses only...

0 0 जो सभी 2004-2008 के बीच के बच्चे पा गये, हम मेरिट न होने की वजह से बैठे रह गये। फिर बी.टी.सी. का दौर शुरु हुआ जिसमें मेरिट के आधार पर चयन हुआ और उस वक्त बाकी के लोग बाजी मार ले गये जो आज सहायक पद पर नियुक्त हैं तो कुछ बी.टी.सी. किये हुए इन्तजार कर रहे उनका भी हो ही जाना है। पर मैं और मेरे जैसे दोस्त या तो आज भी या तो बेरोजगार बैठे हैं या तो किसी प्राइवेट संस्था में कम सैलरी पर अपना शोषण करा रहे हैं।

0 0 जो सभी 2004-2008 के बीच के बच्चे पा गये, हम मेरिट न होने की वजह से बैठे रह गये। फिर बी.टी.सी. का दौर शुरु हुआ जिसमें मेरिट के आधार पर चयन हुआ और उस वक्त बाकी के लोग बाजी मार ले गये जो आज सहायक पद पर नियुक्त हैं तो कुछ बी.टी.सी. किये हुए इन्तजार कर रहे उनका भी हो ही जाना है। पर मैं और मेरे जैसे दोस्त या तो आज भी या तो बेरोजगार बैठे हैं या तो किसी प्राइवेट संस्था में कम सैलरी पर अपना शोषण करा रहे हैं।

0 0 मैं और मेरे जैसे कई दोस्तों ने उत्तर प्रदेश में भाजपा सरकार के समय वर्ष 2001-2003 तक में द्वितीय श्रेणी में हाईस्कूल व इण्टरमीडिएट की परीक्षा, बिना सेल्फ सेन्टर व बिना नकल के मेहनत कर के पास की थी। उस वक्त कुल परिणाम का प्रतिशत भी 40 से कम ही रहता था। उसके बाद आयी 2004 में सपा सरकार, फिर बसपा और फिर सपा जो आज तक है। वर्ष 2004 से ही सेल्फ सेन्टर व नकल का दौर शुरु हुआ और परीक्षार्थियों व कुल परिणाम के प्रतिशत 70-90 में बदल गये जिसके 3-4 वर्ष के बाद ही पोस्ट ऑफिस में मेरिट बेस पर नौकरियाँ आयीं

0 0 आर्थिक आधार पर आरक्षण की व्यवस्था होनी चाहिए, क्योंकि हम जैसे होनहार लोग जब आरक्षण की वज़ह से उस ऊँचाई पर नहीं पहुँच पाते जिसके हम लायक हैं तो हम लोग ही आपके उन आरक्षित कर्मचारियों द्वारा किये गये कामों पर पानी फेर देते हैं।
साइबर क्राइम क्यों हो रहा क्योंकि जो आरक्षित इन्सान 50 प्रतिशत अंक लाकर आपका कर्मचारी बन गया है वह मेरे जैसे 80 प्रतिशत अंक पाने वाले से ज्यादा काबिल कभी नहीं हो सकता। मैं 80 प्रतिशत वाला सरकारी नौकरी से बाहर हो गया तो क्या करुँगा या तो क्राइम या फिर अपने हुनर का प्रयोग।

0 0 ALL the Gold Jewellery shop in india must have in their ship online rate of gold and it is visible to customers, by which could curb cheating the customers falls rate, and they should disclose upfront their making charges, other charges etc., by which lower and middle class can purchase gold by trustworthy

0 0 Dear Sir,
I am Gajendra From Belgaum, Karnataka.
Just 2 Points Share with you..
1)    Cash Less Transaction: You have to educate it (Its advantage) to student level like school, College,University through Seminar,Drama, function etc.. then that student educate their family member.... it is more effective function to educate people against Cash less transaction
2) Swach Bharat : Just instruct to all Grama Panchayat as "Every Gram Panchyat should have Minimum 1 public Toilet in village"

0 0 Sir abhi sabhi logo ke pas 500 tatha 1000 ke note aa gaye hain to aap logo se kahe ki un notes par kuch bhi na likhe. Isse Bharatiya Mud₹a ka samman bhi bana rahega aur note adhik din tak chalenge.
Aur aap "Mann ki bat" ke last me Dhanyawad ke bad "Jai Hind, Jai Bharat" bhi bole.
Thank you

0 0 Modiji, need to make the government employees more accountable to their jobs, I use a road of a Capital City of Delhi, the area is called dullupura and the condition of the road is pathetic. You are telling us to pay the tax but the taxes paid by us not utilised properly due to inefficiency of the people who are managing the show. Just like in the case of demonization, where the banks are solely responsible for the mess they created internally.

0 0 namaskar,sir kindly bring some changes in the field of medical education.kindly reduce fees charges in pvt medical colleges.

0 0 Corporate should be awarded STAR HOLDER status which they fully follow digitization payments of their corporate remittances, even day to day expenses of wages, to be in electronic payments,etc.,

0 0 In railway, train like chennai express (Ahmedabad to Chennai via pune) should be allowed daily and upgraded to superfast express with more coaches.

0 0 Respected Modiji,I am sandeep from rural area of aurangabad maharashtra and currently working in MNC Pune as a analyst As In MS zilla parishad  election are declared in Feb-2017.As you say india is nation of young generation so can we get election nomination from BJP for it.I want work in rural area for the primary and secondary education.So many schemes and yojana through ZP but implementation is very less.I truly want to work for my rural area people plz give me apportuinity to to it

0 0 All the banks in india to be asked to give debit cards to non-debit card customers to home delivery for immediate use to join in digital india

0 0 Gas cylinders refilling and railway ticket booking, all electricity bills, all local municial bus passenger transport, All Airport Parking and all tax and octroi bills through digital payments should be given some offer to get join more people to join in digital india

0 0 Please do something on Citizen Verification of temporarily migrated people as now this is easy with the help of AADHAAR. I want that any State people should get Mobile SIM in any other State with the help of AADHAAR. Also Roaming peculiarity should be abolished. This will help migrated people and migration is good for India's unity. India is a one country and all citizens who are born in India are part of one country.  This will bring good feeling among poorer State citizens.

0 0 Hello Sir
I am with your decision to make india Developed Country and remove all corruption from india. Sir I want to focus you on the matter of dowry. its a social evil. If all childs even they are girl or boy have equal authority on parent property then socially woman will get equality. Dowry must not be given by any form not even in gift form.this decision can remove all dissimilarities in boys and girls. It will Strong woman in society.

0 0 Dear sir....
    We r lacking behinds to performing mock drill test at the critical areas like railway stations main hospitals of cities where peoples r gathered togather in large amount which will help us at the tume of emergency......
Jai Hind.

1 0 Sir,
This is to suggest that in line with recent demonitization to curb black money, to strengthen clean and honest business practices in MSME sector and petty businesses which are a major part of the grey economy, govt should develop and offer a cloud based scalable ERP software solution for free to MSMEs and small/petty businesses such as retailers, etc. After adequate penetration, this will also make available a data mine for use by the policy makers. Small presentation attached.
Thanks

0 0 Sir,
Attaching my suggestions related to lessons learnt from Disasters of both types and way ahead.
                                              Gayadhar Sethy

0 0 Ease of doing business-Online TDS payment: At present you have to login multiple times for making different head of TDS payments. This should be changed so that you can enter multiple entry and against each entry you can fill up amount to be paid and your total TDS payment for the month can be paid with one log in.

0 2 I am extremely thankful the bold decisions being made on daily basis at a mass scale in a country like India. I have enclosed a small effort taken on my part towards application of Digital India Campaign.

1 0 congratulations sir for this step. Cashless idea is very good. apne vada kiya tha ki logo ko job milegi. but kya apko iska ehsas hai ki apke cashless vale discion se kitne logo ke pas job hi nhi rhaegi.Aur ek bat, kya india mein 100% education hai. To jinko padhna hi nhi ata vo kaise cashless transaction karenge. Aur aj news mein suna ki, withdrawal pe bhi charge lagenge. Upto businessman & educated people cheque and cashless trasaction is must. but, for uneducated people, withdrawal pe charge?

1 0 Respected PM - Government of India should make necessary amendment to Income tax rule for PPF account holders and EPF account holders. The limit of PPF (Public Provident Fund) and EPF account (Employee Provident Fund) account deposit should be increased to Rs.5,00,000 P.A for Individual and Rs.4,00,000 P.A  for Senior Citizen for PPF and even for EPF contribution limit should also be increased. The tax payer will get Tax rebate and Funds will be available with Government of India for projects.

0 0 Respected PM sir ,
My suggestion on election procedures 
The candidate who wants to take part in central , state or any local election must be voluntarily work for either army or navy or crpf support job for at least 5 years ... or maxmum he should work for any government approved social schemes ( without salary  )

0 0 In such competitive times, govt of INDIA should also recruit top class graduates from institutes like the IIM's, IIT's etc. These graduates should be used by government in its various functions like the way it deploys an IAS. Its high time that the govt should change the modes of its recruitment.There is a massive talent which sadly drains away.This very talent can be roped in by govt directly without putting them into giving any entrance exam and should be sent to Lal bahadur shastri institute.

0 0 MODIJI PLS CONSIDER

1 0 Government must make necessary amendment in Income tax rule that every year the Gold buyers must give declaration that how much Gold he have purchased during Accounting year and also at the time of filling Income Tax Return.

0 0 In order to improve the digital security at ATM's, POS machines etc, govt can install additional layer of security by registering the biometrics of the transacting person. For Ex: if a person goes to an ATM, the machine should first capture his/her finger print or retina and then the machine should authenticate the withdrawl of money from the machine. This will ensure that ATM card, if stolen, will not be misused. Thank you.

1 0 Respected PM- One Suggestion Indian Passport can be Digitised. Passport should have Digital chip which must have all the details of individual same should be linked to Aadhaar card. Must have QR code and Bar Code for easy identification. QR code can be scanned by Mobile for Ticket Booking. It must also have GPS chip to track the movement of citizen. Please try to implement this and cancel all the old passport and Bring New passport with New features. As passport is not changed from many decade.

0 0 These are not only my views these views are the of all the members who want the change... And supports you

0 0 Sir, small road construction in a village to international airport constructions are doing through contractors. all these contractors using the labor as unauthorized sector. how can justify the public money utilizing in right way in this process. it means all public sector works going into private sector they are utilizing unauthorized sector, which taxes paying common public. kindly justice for public money to common man in a authorized way.

1 0 #ManKiBaat
Modiji, nowadays we have started facing a lot of problem to withdraw money from our saving account. If I give the cheque, which has my name as well, they are asking for ID also and everyday instructions are getting changed from bank side, which is very troublesome.

1 0 Respected PM One suggestion for all Maritime vessel's. All Marine vessel's should run on LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas). As off now Cars and Railway Locomotive runs on LPG, on similar grounds all Marine vessels and Marine Troller's must run on LPG instead of Diesel. This will help to reduce Pollution. There are thousand of Marine vessels which are running on Diesel in India, Converting all Marine Vessels to LPG will help to cut down the operation cost and will reduce import burden on Government

0 0 Respected Sir,
congratulations for demonetization, starting we are also faced the problem but we accepted now every thing is normal, Sir in future means after Jan 01 please declare the Cashless transaction and please reduce the withdrawal limit 24000 Rs per week to 5000 or per month 15-20000 Rs that is more than enough to spend this is my humble request and after demonetization please look into Illegal Properties & In Bangalore please control a Rent, make rule for rent act min or max.
Thankyou

0 0 Dear Pradhan Mantri Ji, I have a suggestion that it would be great if government can please standardize or regulate the Offer letters / Appointment letters given by corporate companies to employees similar to that of a standardized Form 16 for all. Also kindly standardize notice periods duration when employee resigns from the company.

0 0 HATS OFF TO DARING PM MODIJI, PLS TAKE ANOTHER DARE STEP BY BAN OF ALL TYPE RESERVATIONS IN INDIA. AND IMPLEMENT FREE QUALITY EDUCATION AND HEALTH SERVICES FOR ALL.

0 0 Respected prime minister modi sir
Firstly congratulations  for your success in curbing black money..your demonetisation step was good.
Sir I suggest you your this time MANN KI BAAT topic on SWADESI KO APNAAO ,
HAMARI SANSKRITI HMARI VIRAASAT ,

1 0 श्री मान जी मै एक स्टूडेन्ट हु और मेरा एक छोटा
सा दुकान भी है । मै इंकम टैक्स ,टैक्स रिटर्न भरना चाहता हु पर आनलाइन इसे कैसे भरा जाता है मै नही जानता और वकीलो को पैसे देकर भरवाने की मुझ मे सामर्थ्यथ्य नही मेरे जैसे बहुत से लोग है जो आयकर भरना चाहते है पर वे लाचार है
अतः मै आपसे निवेदन करना चाहता हु कि आप पुरे भारत के हर जिले मे एक वाहन कैम्पप लगाये जो सभी व्यापारीयो को प्रशिक्षण दे
मै नही जानता आप मेरी बात सुनेंगे या नही  पर ये मेरी सरकार है इसलिए मै बोलने की हिम्मत कर पाया हु

0 0 sir, my humble suggestion to the indian government, state governments and all local governing body's must use indian brand company vehicles only, including president, prime minister, central ministers, chief ministers, state ministers, district collectors, revenue, judiciary, police, army, navy, air force officials and their convoy's. it reflects a huge growth in GDP and indian economy where foreign vehicles import will come down. kindly implement this idea without any propaganda.

0 0 Dear sir
       Please ensure & enforce Paying Guest(Hostel & PG) owner to take rent in digital mode like as cheque, account transfer etc. In laxmi nagar & Shakarpur (New Delhi pin -110092) has 80% or more property in rent in the form of PG or shop that's why black money generated to owner of property. Plz take action against them as soon as possible. it will be very beneficial for Govt.

1 0 SAFEWU
Sky
Air
Fire
Earth
Water
Universal protection is the only solution for global warming and climate changes.
SAFEWU means pancha bhootha parirakshana which India followed since century's. sir kindly spread this SAFEWU "mantra" to all over world

0 0 MODIJI PLS CONSIDER Local Train and Metro rail services as large scale public transportation in Major cities of entire world.
Our Innovative Idea is medium range inter city logistic services also done through these local and Metro trains at night time.
To Implement this Idea the only need of specified goods carrying coaches are required, and also sophisticated loading and unloading facilities should be provided at stations.
with this we can reduce the city traffic and pollution.

0 0 Its my humble request to waive off all types of surcharges atleast for next 15 years on the uses of all types of e-payments through uses of Debit cards, Credits cards, net banking, RTGS, NEFT etc. This will 100% help to make digital india.

0 0 sir, there is a long debate going on whether political parties should be under RTI and how to check cash flow to political parties.
I have few suggestions for this, the government can set up a department for this which receives funds from people donating to a particular party and transfer it to the party's bank account after deducting nominal fees.
so with this, all funding can be checked more detailed explanation in attached file.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Please give your feedback regarding attached suggestion.

0 0 The Hon’ble Prime Minister of India,
Respected Sir,
I welcome the latest steps taken by you to eradicate black money from India. Further, to this measure I have one humble suggestion that each HI-denomination currency note printed by Govt. of India should also have expiry date printed on the note, so that it could automatically be out of circulation from the market and deposited into the bank. This period could be either 3 years or 5 years.
 Thanks & regards,
Tapan Kumar Khutia

0 0 Success of cashless economy depends lot on housewives since they are the one who buys majority of household things. Education & encouragement must be given to ladies to carry out all the transaction in cheques and / or UPI transfers

1 1 An humble request to the government. 
You want cashless economy and digitalisation. Ask all the banks to work for 24 hours in shifts.
If, manufacturing sector, I T sector can work why can't the service sector work?

0 0 Hello sir, your decision regarding deposite limit was right but meadia showed it in wrong way so please.

0 0 Sir cashless system is very good no doubt but sir it seems that it is creating more problems in villages.There is no network coverage in rural areas the people don't know how to use the mobile phones,then how cld we expect from them that they use the cashless system.Sir the villagers r also happy with your decision;they trust;everyone thinks it 'll end the "Black money";There are some incidents in which they have exchanged their 2000 rs by giving 100 rs commission but still they r with you.

0 0 http://www.greenkeralanews.com/fish-business-digital-modi/

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी कहते से जब किसी बड़े फैसले पर अमल करवाना हो तो पहले खुद से शुरुआत करना पड़ती है । देश में कैशलेस की शुरुआत करने का पहला कदम की शुरुआत भी सरकार को ही करना चाहिए । सभी शासकीय अर्धशासकीय और इनसे जुड़े विभागों में कैशलेस भुगतान की शुरुआत की जाए । हर सरकारी भुगतान स्वाइप मशीनों चैक या नेटबैंकिंग के जरिये ही किया जाए । लोगो में कैशलेस की आदत यही शुरू की जाए ।

0 0 education fees collected by the concernd institutions should give receipts bearing tax exemptions. it is the duty of the parents to claim or unclaim. it should be made mandatory.

0 0 Sir
With due respect i just what to say tha y license of doctors is given to the people who donot know how to cure a major disease of a patient.
My father got injured in a accident.
He has undergone 5 operations by two 3 well known doctors. But the issue is that all the 3 doctors have done all the operations wrongly.
What should i think now.. a middle class person is just made to get suffering from govt. as well as from the people whom we call GOD.. (DR.)
Please focus on my problem
Shilpi

1 0 Respected PM
Firstly thanks for your movements againts black money. By the IDS and PMGKDS government get the many money from the black money holder. Government can use this money for the students and farmer. Many needy and poor student get the Education loan for the higher study from the bank. Government can condone that loan. So,their parents get the less burden. Farmer get the lending from the bank. Government can also condone that loan. By this all students and farmer thankful to government.

0 0 Sir, as you know Delhi NCR is clogged with Cars of office goers. i found a very unique APP Based Office going bus known as Shuttl. its a startup. its not less than an invention in NCR. this concept may be given a boost. but for that govt should incorporate app based bus in their motor vehicle act. recommended to do it soon as possible. it will help all. details of this system will be shared with you or your concern department if you required.

0 0 Dear sir,
It has been a very amazing experience since you have banned the notes to eradicate black money in our country but common man is facing many problems.
The unavailablity of 24*7 inperson bank survices due to this common business man who doesn't know how to use net banking, debit or credit card is facing a lot of problem in day to day business transactions.
As working hour of banks in india are limited to maximum 8 hours.
It is affecting business.
Kindly make banking hours 24*7.

0 0 with due respect, i would like to suggest that for card payment of LIC premium is not in action in uttarakhand("Haldwani").Please sir tell them not to take cash for premium t\if they want to promote ATM card payments.

1 0 Respected Sir,
I am from Sangolda Bardez Goa.Inspite of being a goankar of Sangolda Communidade,I and my Father did not get any plot.I am staying in rented house for last 14 years. They say that particular area is kept for garden.The area which is kept for garden. The area which is kept for garden is very small. Since I am son of the soil I request you Sir to allot me 250 sqmts from that garden area and do the needful.
Saurabh Anil Sangodkar
Sangolda Bardez Goa

0 0 “Black is black! Lets turn it white,
   Don’t back out, support the fight!’’
The seeds we are reaping now will one day lend us sweet fruits.
Support the decision of our Prime Minister and let us all pray for his marvelous victory.
Lets move to a cleaner India… It’s time to take steps to get this fake currency and black money out of our country. All he wants from us is our constant support!
My heartiest best wishes to him for taking such a brave move!!
Date:17.11.12 Saturday

3 0 First of all, I would like to give my appreciation and thankfulness for PM's work towards making India less-cash society.
To achieve less-cash society, we need to provide free internet for doing digital transaction through a Govt. Operated App, this initiative will let rural people join in the digital vision of India. Otherwise, it is once again urban people will only ripe the benefits of steps toward digital society and rural population will remain in complete ignorance.

0 0 Respected Modiji,
I want bring it your notice that there are several shopkeepers who are forcing to do cash payment. I don't buy from such shops but at times need to buy because the commodity is not available elsewhere like school uniform or have some emergency. These shopkeepers lie us that server is down or card payment only for more than 100/200. This way they will again stash black money.Please provide us a platform where we can lodge complaint against specific shops.

0 0 some states are suffering Naxals problem.In Andhra pradesh and other states very suffering.Maoism is main problem.Who teach this Maoism to people nobody knows.Maoists or Naxals are mainly in forests.In some encounters both sides police and Naxals are died.Naxals says we are working for poor people.How guns came in their hands.Naxals killing police and police killing Naxals are not good.Both are Indian people.India suffers  border side Terrorism naxlisom.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I strongly feel that State Govt. should suggest local municipal corporations to implement phase wise roof top solar panels either through Govt agency or through Pvt. Co. For new bldg. Occupancy Certificate to be linked only with roof top solar panels. For towns and villages cooperative society should assist in generating solar energy. In this way the target can be achieved in a desired time frame.

0 0 sir ji,aajtak jobni kala dhan pakada hai o sub comon man ke bank account me dalo

0 0 Dear Sir,
With enough of textile engineers in market and less of demand, may I suggest to convert the infrastructure to renewable energy front through HR ministry.

0 0 Sir,
I suggest to start e-transaction at post offices. For sending eMO, post office should have facility to accept debit card. This is urgently required to be implemented as many people send eMO to remote villages and they don't have hard cash to pay at post office money order counter. At present post offices demand cash for sending money order.

0 0 Dear Sir,
With your mission of Solar energy to ramp up to 100 GW, may I request you to consider the option of having a funds/ investments specifically for solar projects and individuals investing in the same qualifies for exemption under Chapter VI A. Current investments from PPF/ existing funds won't help us to achieve the goal of achieving the committed capacity for clean and renewable energy (solar). 
This will help us to bring electric transportation (For e.g. Tesla car).

0 0 Mr. Modi,
While going through with some researches on Internet for waste management, I watched a video on Youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTV6f853IZE) on how Sweden has become the world leader in transforming waste into energy. 3 ton of waste is equivalent to the energy produced by 1 ton of fuel/oil. They have made commodity out waste, importing 800 tons of waste from outside.
Having said that waste incineration causes a lot of carbon emissions, however is one of the best ways.

0 0 Sir, Children can promote Digicash
1.	By insisting their parents to give their pocket money through digi cash.
2.	by asking some of their friends also to do the same.
3.	Playing a game by transferring a rupee to each one of them.
4.	Going in the market and buying something with digicash.
5.	Sharing  their experience in a class with teachers consent

0 0 Respected Sir,
We truly love you as you are the last hope for us. Sir, I would like to bring in your notice, that how Bangladeshi Migrants are living illegally in our country and are serious threat to our country's security. And the worst thing is that they have made their Aadhar Card and Voter id card as well which shows signs of corruption in relative agencies. Please take some serious action to identify Bangladeshi Migrants living illegally in our country.

0 0 Please reduce oil prices. Rs.60/ltr was retail price for petrol in Hyderabad when your government formed and crude price has decline since then but now the retail price is above Rs.72. This can't be due to price of crude. Please reduce the taxes.

0 0 Sir,
We need a total relook and revemping of the labour laws under your vision of EASE OF DOING BUSINESS. The total responsibilty of compliances lies with the employer in present law. There should be a system of legal employees paying a token EPF/ESI. Obsolete labour laws are the route cause of corruption in present business culture. The law shall only enforce the uniform minimum wages throughout the country and EPF/ESI should be a responsibilty of employee.

0 0 In the recent past, Chennai and 3TN districts suffered extensive damages due cyclone Vardah, inwhich maximum loss was towards Electricity distribution infrastructure and Telecomnetworks. Even TN Gov also has sought relief to the tune of Rs 22ooo crores. My suggestion is that Central Government relief package shall be utilised for strengthening this infrastucture like underground cable instead of overhead supply for electricty and optic fibre for internet to enable the seamless digital payment

0 0 Mr. PM, For replacing old currency, I am just thinking if we could have planned better by rolling out a single software application across all banks throughout the country to capture the details like PAN/Aadhar and the amount while submitting old currency notes for replacement. This could have saved lots of paper and analysis could have been made easy as a later part.

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंंत्री जी काे नोटबन्‍दी के लिए मेरी शुभकामनायें। हित अहित विधाता के हाथ में है। हॉ राष्‍ट्र विकास के लिए जरूरी कदम है। कोई निजी स्‍वार्थ महत्‍वकांक्षा दिखाई नहीं देती। इसीलिए 90 प्रतिशत जनता सहमत हुई।
  मेरा एक सुझाव है तीन चौथाई से अधिक जनता सरकार के किसी कानून या फैसले का समर्थन कर दे तो रूकावट डालने का अधिकार किसी को नहीं हो, यह कानून होना चाहिए।
बलवन्‍तसिंह
जिला-सीकर, राजस्‍थान
मोबाईल - 9829951865

0 0 This is in regards to maternity leave extending to 26 weeks.
I know right now the issue is going on with demonetisation which is a great initiative from your end.But we pregnant women are looking forward to ammendement of maternity bill since August 2016 when the bill was passed by Rajya Sabha.
Can you please pass an ordinance or give approval for the maternity bill to become an act.
It will be great thing on your end and will be very much beneficial to women employees working in private

0 0 The new rule of Rs. 5000 limit on cash deposit is not being implemented well. Yesterday, we only got the deposit form from bank as they were not accepting deposits. Today I took time off from office and submitted the form. I was asked to come again once my application is approved. So much of hardship to deposit my hard earned money is unjustified. I only need to deposit Rs. 6000 that too is my first deposit. I fully support this new rule but not happy with the implementation.
Thanks, Jai Hind.

0 0 Namaskar Sir, It would be good Idea to Speak on the Road Safety. Daily so many people loose their life due to not following the rules of road.Helmets be made compulsory for all two wheelers. Police to USE special provisions to cancel the driving licence and vehicle itself be deposited for some days etc.
2.  Sir please make strict rules and penalities to stop crimes n for that matter all wrong doing things. Unless we have fear of rule the people will not follow. THEY TO HAVE EXTREME FEAR OF LAW

0 0 Sir mera view ye hai ki kyu na digital library cum education center har city main kyu na khole jaye......

0 0 Fish Vending goes Digital and cashless as a part of PM Narendra  Modi’s dream of Digital India initiative.To facilitate the currency hit customer’s fresh fish requirement for their daily menu particularly forpeople in Kochi,Kerala  Mr.Anoop’s initiative to go digital came in as a boon. His quick embrace to SBI POS and wallet payment system has been well received by all. Fish Sale for Anoop and his mother now is “ooh la la la" http://www.greenkeralanews.com/fish-business-digital-modi/

0 0 Sir,
I totally support your action towards demonetization. I suggest a total cashless system at petrol pumps/ oil outlets for sale of petro-products. Every consumer i.e. vehicles/generators/pumpsets/industry should have a petrocard linked with bank a/c. It should be mandatory that sale of petro-products is 100% cashless. This move will result in less pollution & regulated consumption linked with accountable expenditure on oil resulting in stopping corrupt practices in petro industry.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir, I fully support demonetization and appreciate this courageous decision taken by your government. Though situation is slowly improving but still long way to go (no Rs. 500 note, cash for veg/fruits/milk/bus/auto). Please talk about the actual benefits realized by Demonetization (amount of black money caught, additional income for government, new schemes) so far and when will the situation be normal?
Thanks, Jai Hind.

0 0 On the lines of gas subsidy, PM should give a call to all senior citizens to forego concessions voluntarily. It can be concession on Rail ticket, Income tax,bank FDs (higher rate of interest) There can be a declaration in such forms stating that-
- I can afford to pay full chatrges so I am not claiming concession/higher rate of interest/ higher tax exemption limit
-I can not afford to forego as my income does not permit it
High income individual will hesitate to declare himself poor.

0 0 वाराणसी रैली hetu
-rules and regulations was to make sure that big hoarders do not get a chance to convert all their untaxed money through various jugad. Inspite of best precaution and vote of secrecy they managed to stash away new notes .
Iski vajah se vah crisis paida hi gayi gambheer. Ab aap mujhe bataiye ki un beimano ki is chori ki vajh se aap pareshan huye ya meri vajah se jo cash bhe

0 0 1.bade bhaisahab aap cash lash india banana chahte ho bahut accha hai...
lekin agar hum card se payment kar rahe hai toh humse extra charge kyon liya jaa raha hai...
koi kyon karega digitel payment jab 100 rupaye k digtel payment par charge lagega toh phir toh log nakad hi bhugtaan karienge ...
isliye aap se mera anurodh hai ki digitel payment yaa tranjaction bilkul free kiye jaayein kyonki agar aisa nahi hoya hai toh digitel payment koi nahi karega...

0 0 Reform of Tax structure and possibly reduce black money (corruption is a whole different beast). I have created a pdf with a possible revolutionary means of taxation. Could help companies to come to India and also improve our tax revenue by expanding the base.

0 0 Respected sir,
The civil unrest in J&K can only be fought by enhancing people to people contact. The young generation had never been out of the state and get wrong impression of India from social media. We must provide them an opportunity to come out of the state at least once in a year and meet students from across the country by means of cultural program, sports, science meet..etc. As they will meet more people they will make more friends and the xenophobia will wither away gradually.

0 0 Corruption at lower level a big problem for general public and traders and small businessman. My suggestion is to have a) district/panchayat level watch dog under jan lokpal/ACB equipped with latest secrete audio/video capturing equipment’s to capture and provide online info to central team to take immediate action.  b) People should be awarded for not paying bribe and to provide evidence against corrupt officials. Public involvement/support would eradicate corruption.

0 0 Namaskar Pradhan Mantri Ji
Please find attached here a documents where I have given a suggestion to minimize accidents to due to dense fog.
Thanks for your kind attention !!!

0 0 R/Sir
Thanks & Congratulations for the ideas you are implementing for us.
Sir i want to place my point that I working on a TRAI (Telecom Regulatory Authority of India) project as a 3rd party inspections audit Engineer. But th project has been closed since last 3 months and their is no network audits are held as a result of which people suffering and as well our jobs are in danger , so its an request you to please extend the projects so that the started again....
Thank You.

0 0 Respected PM Modi Sir,There are many Ashrams(आश्रम)and Dera(डेरा)run by many criminal and corrupt Babas and Saints that are used by parties as money laundering machines.The books and financial statements of these institutes are also forged plus they are given tax exemption.There is no limit on deposit and withdrawals on bank a/c of such institutes.These big Ashrams should be brought under tax ambit and sanctions placed on their withdrawal and deposits.Like only 20,00,000 be withdrawn in one year

0 0 Respected sir,
                       Here i like to suggest some reforms in SSC.sir from past 3-4 years the graph of credibility of SSC has been going down.every year SSC faces some sort of allegations of corruption and mismanagement.news came of OMR scam, paper leakage but still no arrest of SSC officials.same thing happened this year.sir i request:
1.handover 4600 & 4200 grade pay post to UPSC
2.CBI investigation of all mismanagement
3.atleast one descriptive paper of maths in mains exam.

0 0 Respected sir,
In our patriarchal system women employment is disliked. In the case of death of husband(bread-earner) families come to a grinding halt. We should make provision to provide job to the wife/kin of deceased person in both govt & private sector, in accordance to their qualification. The companies should be allowed to pay the salary from their CSR (2% ) obligation for the first few years. This way we can save families from economic uncertainties and social evils.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Narendra Modiji,
As a comman man i appreciate your deicetion of demonetization. But after demonetization i look to so many good things like Children Education fees never taken in cash, Real estate deal never done in 60% white and 40% black, Social security of comman man, No government officer ask for bribe, No governmen department deal in cash, no tax of government taken by cash, no small or bigger vendor can do business without swipe machine, Cyber law for online fraud

0 0 Respected Sir,Thank you very much for your continuing outstanding service to the nation  and especially for your brave efforts in the last 2.5 to make India a better place to live in and ensuring right to equality.Solutions are given by citizens in mygov in many areas,like skills,reducing pendency of cases,getting rid of black money&corruption,eliminating poverty,unemployment,etc.Please consider& implement suggestions which are feasible.Wish you and Team India,Merry Christmas&Happy New Year 2017

1 0 Sir please think about Private sector employees & also those employees who doing service in any type of trust & societies. there saleries are very nominal. also iam a pvt sector employee. iam doing job since last 17 years in a registerd society & my monthly salery is about to 10K only. how difficult to mannaged my family liabilities. & my childs education in this nominal income. anyone can't understand this. so pls sir do something for those employees. also you can make a min wages law for same.

0 0 One suggestion to promote digitization and digital economy. Please include some lessons on digital payments and other govt promoted apps. This will help rural children to understand digital world at early stage and they will inturneducate farmers and their
uneducated parents

0 0 Control  on Unlawful activities of Some Bank Officer:-
If customer came to know full details including Denominations of his deposit money, Problem can easily be solved.
A customer can file complain to Gov't. for mismatch of denomination of deposit. Than Gov't. Can easily investigate or audit in matter raised by customer with its machinery.
Only a software modifications is required for Layout change to show denomination of deposit amount.
It may be processed on Saturday or Sunday.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,There are about 1900 political parties in India as per data of ECI. Of these about 500 don't fight in election.Just field there candidate and back off in last moment. They are often used by other parties as money laundering machines in elections. I welcome our Finance Minister Sir's decision to waive off tax exemption on such dummy parties.Heavy tax should be imposed on such parties so that use of money in elections in brought to the minimum.

0 0 Respected sir,
Every year millions of engg. graduates remain unemployed. After 2 years  of passing they are not considered as freshers. It deprives majority of the student, especially girls who marry and are willing to do job after few years.  It pushes students to get fake experience. I request you to instruct the corporate sector to consider students with 0 work experience as freshers irrespective of year of passing. This single step can boost women employment & can reduce fake experience.

0 1 According to me it is the strongest courageous decision taken  by our Prime Minister to reduce the huge gap between honest  poor people   and dishonest rich people.
Only my concern is about the involvement of bank employees in converting black to white. What are the actions to be taken against them.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji,
It has been observed that more than 60% of wastage generating daily from home, hotel  and commercial kitchen.The waste management has become an important and critical activity across the world.So, My thought is the way we are building house and creating toilet and toilet tank. Similarly we can create another tank for kitchen wastage. We have to think how the kitchen wastage will be decompose/digest so that the wastage part will be stored in tank.Thinking for Green env.

0 0 Sir ji
I m yog student . thanks for giving value  to yog in world level.
1.
I request you to plz put the yog in school syllables. 
It help to much for mental strenght as well as social + ve reform . 
2. 
I want to work with prisoner in jail to short out problem and turn them as civilised and social persion of country. 
Plz help me.
3. Thanks for all the polices & yojna
 For transforming india.

0 0 Sir we always support Govt initiatives of collecting money from citizens but when will the tax paying citizens see their life improve. Simple ask from Indian government.  I want 24 hours electricity, water, safe and reliable public transportation, good public school education for my kids without risk of accident on a pothole free road, premium govt Healthcare and Social Security on retirement. That's all! Can you give us atleast 5 of this for a better life?

0 0 Respected Sir,
I would like to express my views on the main reason of corruption in the country and to reduce it to zero. A PDF suggesting steps that may be taken to reduce curruption has been uploaded along with this .

0 0 Why is government axing the interest rate on EPF? EPF is earning of a salaried person and it is deposited in EPF account for sole purpose of "savings". If government received huge revenue during demonetization, then what is the need of axing EPF interest rates?

0 0 Sir, petrol price hike, railway fare hike during Congress regime was your main agenda during 2014 general elections. Same thing is happening in your regime also. How are your policies better than Gandhi's then?

0 0 ऐसे में उन पुरुषों के सम्मान में लगे ठेस को कौन वापस करेंगे ! ऐसी घटना न केवल मेरे गाँव की, बल्कि लगभग गाँव-जँवारों की हैं , तो क्यों न  'महिला आयोग' की तर्ज पर 'पुरुष आयोग' भी बने, ताकि 'धर्मनिरपेक्ष' देश पुरुषप्रधानता के आरोप से मुक्त हो 'लैंगिकनिरपेक्ष' भी कहा जा सके ।
सादर ।

0 0 नमस्ते PM अंकल ,
मासिक प्रसारण 'मन की बात' के माध्यम से मेरा भी 'मन की बात' सुनिए तो ज़रा ! मेरी यह सलाह है कि 'महिला आयोग' की तरह क्यों न 'पुरुष आयोग' का भी गठन किया जाय, क्योंकि पुरुषों पर भी लगभग आधी आबादी यानी  महिलाओं द्वारा अत्यधिक प्रताड़नायें देखी जा रही हैं । मेरे गांव में भी कुछ सामाजिक कार्यकर्त्ता हैं, उन्हें कुछ महिलाओं ने निजी खुन्नस अथवा भड़ास या जमीन-जायदाद के झगड़े के बनिस्पत झूठे 'एटेम्पट टू रेप' केस में फंसा रखी हैं, तो कई पुरुष को कोर्ट ने बरी किया है । क्रमशः

1 0 Sir, this is not my view or suggestion. I would like to ask a straight justification on who will inquire the funds deposited in account of political parties from 8th November till 15th December? Taxation Laws (Second Amendment) Act, 2016, came in force on December 15, 2016.

0 0 Sir, May I suggest that every transaction for rs 5000 & and above must be made  card or electronic. Upi platform is good. Iam popularising to the possible extent.*99# platform should be made perfect and easy so that common man will not feel the problem due to cash crunch.

0 0 Dear Modi ji,
I would like to want your concern for private schools,  the way they operating . Every year the administration changes their course-book and it is unnecessary economic burden for parents, if they have successor child.  My matter of concern that not to change books for at least five years of intervals. And if it is really necessary to change course-book then there should be a system (library) whete old book could be deposited for economic-weaker section or society in free of cost.

1 0 Sir, I have been trying to use *99# for trf money. In last 2 weeks I have succeeded onlytwice.It always shows 'connection problem 'from this morning it shows temtemporarily service not available. I want to train at least 10 peoples.But such behaviour of the ussd code is sickening. How am to train others. So I request  you to look into the issue to make I pakka.May I suggest brouchers can be given in banks regarding methods of trf. It can be visually displayed if facility available at the banks.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I fully support towards less cashless move.At the same time please look on the job opportunity in mainly Income Tax dept ,where I think need much resource strength to abolish the slash of black money and generate more revenue for Govt.
BR/
Aloke Das

1 0 people have to face corruption at low level like Patwari, Municipality, Lower Level Judiciary, Police. they have to pay a small amount (Rs. 500-1000) as bribe to make complete their work. every office should have citizen charter for completion of work. There should be due time for completion of any work. All offices must have complaint/suggestion box/register.

0 0 Sir, everyone must be given financial literacy.It should start from school level itself.  Now, even a college graduate does not know that he has to  pay tax.He does not know how to write a cheque also.
Both theory and practical training should be given for cashless transaction atleast in high school level. Finance management , different options of savings, insurance, mutual funds , different taxes to be paid, types of loans etc. should be part of the curriculum.

0 0 sir please do away with the subjective exam system in this country and make  all the exams objective as subjective exams involve a lot of judgement on the part of the checker and different checkers may have different views regarding the same answer and thus an element of subjectivity and luck creeps in and you dont want to leave the future of the coountry on luck

0 0 Government अगर shopkeeper को P.O.S. machine से भुगतान के लिए प्रेरित करना चाहती है | तो 0% interest पर P.O.S. machine खरीदने की योजना लानी चाहिए | दुकानदारों की  P.O.S. machine की नियमित  जांच भी  करनी होगी की कही से fraud न हो |

1 0 make Payment of fees in college by digital
concentrate on ISSUE of Income Certificate and link with bank data to avoid the duplicate and link SSLC,HSC AND DEGREE with adhaar and display in marksheets, Degree certificates,Community Certificates, 
Verify the allotted quota for each Course in colleges and match with scholarship before crediting the amount to colleges
maintain CCTV in class room, canteen and pathway and entire college campus and hostel for women security and avoid raging.

3 0 the government should also do cashless transactions and in star hotels the sales tax and service tax are added to the customers bill. this makes people in a confused state that whether the people in hotel do sales or service. so these taxes should be cut down. and a common tax should be imposed. as an addition government should make a clean amendment about the tax details.

1 0 My Suggestion to Income Tax Slab
upto 2 lakh - No tax or flat ₹ 1000
>2 to 4 lakh - flat ₹ 2000 per lakh
>4 to 10 lakh - 10 %
>10 to 20 lakh - 20 %
>20 lakh - 30 %
exemption under 80c, 80d ond others to continue.

1 0 हमारे देश में बहुत कम लोगो के पास स्मार्ट फ़ोन है | आज कल 4G टेक्नोलॉजी का जमाना है | अगर सरकार को बहुत जल्दी लोगों को डिजिटल पेमेंट के लिए प्रोत्साहित करना है तो एक smartphone खरीदने की योजना लानी चाहिए | उसमे 0% interest पर loan देना चाहिए | loan चुकाने की अवधि भी 5 या 8 years होनी चाहिए |

1 0 Dear Sir,
My suggestion towards digital India, Pl.ask commerce ministry to issue circular making mandate to have POS M/cs while registering Establishments( viz., small shops,eateries, Hotels, pan shops, grocery shops/Industries. Though the subject may be State perview, initiate from central is always needed. On 19th we visited Shiridi, it is observed that eatery section of Hotel does not accept Card but lodging section has POS. Still People wants to hoard cash.

1 0 each and every political party donation should be cashless and there should be elections only 1 time in 5 years of both centre and state.

0 0 But now old currency is demonetized, we should move forward, take steps first in government institutions. Any government institute should not pay or receive money more than Rs. 500 in cash. this rule was already in GFR but Head of Offices violated this this rule. Not this rule should be followed strictly.

0 0 Dear sir
I just want to suggest a very simple step to bring in one of the most unaccounted section of economy i.e. "Private Tutions" to mainstream economy.
Please give a rebate on income tax to taxpayers if they submit a verified tution reciept for their wards.
Every month parents spend almost same amount of money as their school fees on private tutions. The numbers become more for students facing board examinations. Most of the private tutors deals in cash so it remain unaccounted.

0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister. Sir, I have a suggestion. Why not we make 'VAAN MAHA UTSAV' a national festival. As today's pollution is getting higher and higher, I strongly believe that this is also a need of the hour. Organisation planting trees will not be enough. Every Citizen should "Plant A Tree A Year". And I am sure everyone will come forward. We have to bring it into practice and the government should promote this festival by supplying saplings, identifying place to plant the tree etc.

0 0 due to demonetization farmers' produce now become cheaper, they have to sell their products on throw away prices. whether is it good for economy? people don't know how to pay online. they don't know mobile wallets, online banking, payment apps! even internet prices are very high. for this there is need of Smart Phone but they don't have this! there is also risk of cyber theft, phishing, our IT security is not so full proof. whether any institution will take guarantee for their money?

0 0 Intention of demonetization was good, यदि नीयत अच्छी हो तो नीति में गलती क्षम्य है पर नीयत साफ होनी चाहिये.  दूसरी पार्टियो के नेता विमुद्रीकरण का विरोध अगर कर रहे है तो या तो उनका सारा पार्टी फंड लुट गया है या तो सिर्फ विरोध के लिये विरोध कर रहे हैं. पर   विमुद्रीकरण का एक दूसरा पहलू है कि लोग cashless हो गये हैं. नगदी की कमी के कारण लोग खरीद फरोख्त नही कर पा रहे हैं. हमारा समाज अभी cashless के लिये तैयार नही था. दुकानदार POS Machines तक नही रखे है. even they charge extra on card swipe.

1 0 Namaste :) I am proud of you Sir !
Please find 6 new additions to few suggestions I had previously given in attached PDF. Hope thoughts will be inline and may contribute to movement of INIDA RISING !!!

0 0 manniya p.m.mahodya,dukan warkaro,jaise medicines, kapdha ya anya jagaho par majduri karne walo ko mehnat se kam paisa diya jata manniye kirpya un par bhi dhyan diya jay.

1 0 It is the saddest thing in our country that farmers do not get paid for the effort they put at field for the crops/veggies etc. Of Rs. 20 which we pay to sabjiwala, farmer's % is at max Rs. 5 and rest Rs. 10 is middleman (mandiwala's) and Rs.5 shopkeeper. Of those mandiwala's are the one making the most out of it. I would request government to setup a government buying mandi in every state and ensure that 50% of retail veggies price goes to the poor farmer and mandiwala and shopowner 25% each.

0 0 Good Morning The Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi ji. i am Lakesh Kumar my attachement par aap jarur kuchh vichar kigiye ga ham sare garib log 25 december 2016 ko aapki man ki bat jarur sungenge.

0 0 Use of discharge water from RO: Almost every household in cities use now-a-days small RO system. The most efficient RO system work on principle of 5:1 ratio - 1 L of potable water after wasting 5 L of supply water. Such as large amount of water can be stored and used for washing (floor, cloths)... Once the water charges are fixed as per amount of water consumed, people will start adopting water saving techniques instead of wasting this "most important" resource.

1 0 My idea is about segregation of household waste: enforce and promote separate storage of bio-degradable and recyclable household waste in separate containers. The RWA and other society should provide necessary bins for garbage collector to store the items separtely. This will improve working conditions of garbage picker & all chains downstream will benefit. For example, I store plastic in separate bins but when I handover it to the garbage collector, he puts it along with bio-degradable wastes.

0 0 private sector me workaro ki salery nirdhari ki jay.iske liye bhart sarkar ko kannon banana chahiye.

0 0 मेरा सुझाव स्वच्छ भारत के लिए है. यदि सरकार स्थानीय स्तर पर लोगों से ३ प्रकार का कूड़ा अपने घर पे जमा करने को कहे - किचन का, रीसायकल किये जाने योग्य जैसे कागज़ इत्यादि, और नष्ट किये जाने वाला कूड़ा जैसे प्लास्टिक इत्यादि और फिर उस कूड़े को खरीद के उसका बड़े स्तर पर निस्तारण करे तो लोग अपने घर के कूड़े को सड़क पे नहीं फेकेंगे. इसका उदहारण न्यूज़ पेपर रद्दी से लिया जा सकता है. एक बार इस व्यवस्था को रेगुलर कर देने के बाद जब नागरिकों को कूड़े का सही प्रकार से निस्तारण करना आ जायेगा तभी देश स्वच्छ बन सकता है.

0 0 http://indiaupdate.co.in/?p=523 http://aajtak.intoday.in/story/rajiv-pratap-rudy-inaugurates-pathologica...
Kindly click links/paste. “Direct to village pathology Service” is probably India first this kind of pathology service.Where samples are taken from old man/pregnant lady from their home and reports are delivered even remote village.I started my educational career from my village ChapraMegh Muzaffarpur Middle school See CV

1 0 Respected Sir, We are deeply heart as our Parliament not working due to any issue like GST/Demonetization irrespective who is in ruling BJP/Congress. Not a single MP paying Tax although they are ruining our money shamelessly, fix their KRA, cancel their allowances. They are just doing Time pass in Parliament for those simple rule apply when you are not working not eligible for Salary, perks etc. Please ensure Parliament proceedings during your tenure or stop wasting Tax payers money.Pls.......

0 0 Respected Sir. Pls call all BJP members and told her kindly explain the benefit of Demonetize Scheme to public because now a days when i am in mkt most of the business man having complain with this Demonetize Scheme. Sir We r always with u. sir pls told the public in man ke baat benefits of scheme. thanks for the scheme now  a days most of the things are chip like veg.,dale, fruits etct.

1 0 Inline with the govt initiatives to increase the penetration of digitalization in rural as well as rest of India. It is expected that the various institutions such as educational, judiciary, district administration, panchayats should encourage acceptance & disbursal of money through digital mode. In order to encourage the same various discounts/ incentives needs to be put in place. Also, Payment / disbursal of cash needs to be discouraged and various additional charges needs to imposed.

0 0 Modiji piche 3-4 salo se ponzi screams ne nashik se 1000cr jada lut liya hai

1 0 Myself Nilay Arvindbhai Sheth.  I'm running an IT company in Vadodara, Gujarat (www.nivida.in)
SUB: SOLUTION OF WHOLE DEMONETIZATION ISSUES IN JUST 1 Rs.
This may help government to solve currency crises immediately.
People of our country are not 100% skilled to use cashless transactions/services so we have to provide them a very easy system which they already used to before.  I would like to suggest process which is mentioned in attached pdf for that.
Nilay Sheth

0 0 PM Ji, Large capital into banks is causing savings interest rates to fall significantly lower. Many retired and salaried middle class largely depend on deposit interest. Request the government to initiate scheme to collect deposits using postoffice and mudra bank at attractive interest rates than banks and lend directly to MSME in rural/urban areas. People suffered losses in the past by investing in fraudulent finance companies and unethical co-operative banks in the past when interest was lower

0 0 Please do something to pass rule to get severe punishment on the currupted people, so that no one can even just think about it in future.

0 0 Bharat-to-India-to-Bharat; the nation has suffered a lot during the transition. Traditionally been an agribased economy and with the tech & services space unfolding it's glamour, the nation has slowly been loosing it's traditional expertise.
With the startup culture booming and more & more people ready to create jobs rater than take a job, how Govt plans to incentivize the startups focused on agriculture innovation.
#PMonRadio
#mannkibaat

0 0 Namaste Sir, Besides the development programs, we should also think about Environment and Climate Change issue. We should focus on Renewable energy resources despite it being costly.
There must be Mass Movements for Environment & Climate Change issue along with Clean India Movement.
It is good that We ratified Paris Agreement. #MannKiBaat

0 0 http-- ://indiaupdate.co.in/?p=523 http://aajtak.intoday.in/story/rajiv-pratap-rudy-inaugurates-pathologica... Kindly click links. “Direct to village pathology Service” is probably India first this kind of pathology service. Where samples are taken from old man / pregnant lady from their home and reports are delivered even remote village.I started my educational career from my village Chapra Megh,Mushariblock Muzaffarpur Middle school and went India best medical institution PGI Chandigarh

0 0 Farmers mar rhe hai inke bare me kya socha hai aapne ,kisan kb tk mrta rhega......

1 0 I really Appreciate the step of removing Gas Subsidies from the people paying tax. Similarly the caste system should also be taken under control. People who have taken reservation and are at good positions and earning a fortune, should be removed from reservation system. In this way only financial deserving people will get benefits of reservation. People should understand that it is not  caste that make them reserved category but the financial condition. This will help in improving the talent.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister @ #MannKiBaat,
Demonetize Scheme started by you is a real game changer initiative. For the past 60 years, nobody had taken such a strong decision.  Also the move for Less Cash usage is a great one.  I would like to mention that I opened an online Account in Year 1999 (in last century !!!) and all these 17 years have never done a cash transaction through it.  I feel it is a sort of Record that can even come in GUINNESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS.  Regards Anurag Krishna Delhi

0 0 For general public convenience, you should do this one by one. Electricity on first place as this is something that a common man can live without. SO this will not only make them to put their money in bank account or E wallets but also push them to learn technology. I believe that people will welcome this step is taken one by one. This will remove that middle man or agent problem. People will learn technology anyhow to run their normal household. Even

1 0 Dear Sir,
It is my pleasure to forward you the link of the movie, " THE BLACK HOLE- sucking the Indian Economy at https://youtu.be/Ezklb5F2bfk.  This movie is to promote DEMONETIZATION and has been conceived by our students aged between 12 years and 16 years. The students have scripted the movie and also acted and directed under professional guidance.
Jayshree Venkatraman,
Principal, SNBP International School, Pune
snbp.rahatani@gmail.com,9890765333

1 0 Dear Sir,
It is my pleasure to forward you the link of the movie, " THE BLACK HOLE- sucking the Indian Economy at https://youtu.be/Ezklb5F2bfk.  This movie is to promote DEMONETIZATION and has been conceived by our students aged between 12 years and 16 years. The students have scripted the movie and also acted and directed under professional guidance.
Jayshree Venkatraman,
Principal, SNBP International School, Pune
snbp.rahatani@gmail.com,9890765333

0 0 Hello Sir,
For promoting more digital transactions, please release this information in general public that after some time the maximum necessary services provided by government  like electricity, water, cooking gas will take only digital transactions. In this way the people will try to learn technology and will start doing online transaction. Then you can start doing these changes one by one so that people will have time learn and follow. First start with Electricity then Gas  and then Water.

0 0 Reduce paper work and repeated work. Dear Sir AICTE every year they ask to submit three years financial statements, is it not waste of resources, too much wastage is happening in many such activities. Also in Bengaluru District Register office collects scanning charges money, do they really scan the copies?

0 0 Modi ji please give reply to the propaganda/lie of Rahul Gandhi that BJP has forgiven loans of industrialists. Every time he says BJP should forgive loans of farmers. Please deal with propaganda of opposition head on.
2nd why Rahul, Vadra, Lalu, Mulyam are walking freely when they have done messive corruption, Why they are not in Jail. It hurt us when they insult our honourable PM

0 0 My request to honourable PM Sir is that he should speak about the de addiction amongst children as they are being trapped in to it so that some work can be done to protect and prevent them from it thanks

0 0 NAMSTEJI I REQUEST YOU TO GIVE FULL DETAILS OF DEMONETISATION STEPS TO ALL MEDIAS AND ALL
NEWSPAPERS DAILY FOR THE GROWTH OF OUR ECONOMY AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES THROUGOUT INDIA FOR
THE WELFARE MEASURES TO NEEDY POOR AND MIDDLE CLASS PEOPLE IN FUTURE FURTHER I REQUEST YOU
TO GIVE CLEAR PICTURE OF MERITS AND DEMERITS OF DEMONETISATION SCHEME UPTO 30 TH DECEMBER
2016 ONLY AND TO ANNOUNCE NEWYEAR GREETINGS TO ALL PEOPLE OF INDIA SPECIAL SCHEMES TO BE
INTRODUCED 2017-2018 BUDGET AND

0 0 Modi ji please give reply to the propaganda/lie of Rahul Gandhi that BJP has forgiven loans of industrialists. Every time he says BJP should forgive loans of farmers. Please deal with propaganda of opposition head on.
2nd why Rahul, Vadra, Lalu, Mulyam are walking freely when they have done messive corruption, Why they are not in Jail. It hurt us when they insult our honourable PM

0 0 NAMSTEJI I RQUEST YOU AND FINANCE MINISTRY TO INCRESE NEW NOTES 500 2000 AND 50NOTES IN ALL ATMS BY ALL BANKS AND TO MONITOR 3 TIMES 6 AM 12 NOON 5 PM BY ALL NATIONALISED AND SCHEDULED
BANKS MDS AND BOARD MEMBERS AND TO DEPLOY ALL STAFFS BY ROTATION OF DUTIES AND BANK WORKS WITH ERYFULL SECURITY AND POLICE PROTECTION TO ALL STAFFS AND PEOPLE FOR RECEIVING AND PAYING CASHSUP TO 50000 NOTES ONLY EVERYWEEK AND MOVING BANK VANS TO ALL VILLAGES TOWNS CORPORATIONS
24X7 WORKS 8 HOURS DUTY

0 0 THREE COUNTRIES HAVE USED DEMONETIZATION FOLLOWING INDIA !...  This needs publicity
Anil Kakunje, Mangalore

0 0 HONOURABLE PRIME MINISTER . I AM A GOVT EMPLOYE AND PAYING DIRECT TAX THROUGH MY INCOME. BUT, WHEN I WOULD GO TO PURCHASEE SOME ITEMS LIKE PROPERTY ETC.THEN AGAIN PAYING TAX . IF I HAVE ALREADY PAID DIRECT TAX THROUGH MY MONTHLY BASIS INCOME, THEN WHY SHOULD I PAY TAX AGAIN. SIR I SHOULD REQUIRED LEGITIMISE VIEW REGARDING THIS POINT.THANKING YOU, JAI HIND

1 0 I think, as conscientious citizens of this country, we should entirely stop paying bribes. We should stop breaking the queue just because we have the cash and power to bribe and there is a bribe taker available. I request the PM to utilize the communication channels available both paid and news to appeal to the inner conscience of our people to stop paying bribes in the future. The PM should splash all media with 'Stop Paying Bribe' messages. This will help curbing the creation of black money.

0 0 NAMASTEJI ON BEHALF OF ALL NBFC SHAREHOLDERS WE REQUEST YOU TO MERGE ALL NBFC FINANCIAL
INSTITUTIONS IN UNDER ONE ROOF UNDER CONTROL OF RBI AND MINSTRY OF FINANCE AND TO MERGE
WITH SCHEULED BANKS LIKE CUB KVB LVB TMB AND MAHILA BANKS FOR THEGROWTH OF ECONOMY AND MONETRARY CONTROL BY GOVT AND TO INTRODUCE BY ALL NBFC IN ALL VILLAGES TOWNS CORPORATIONS
INSTALL ATMS WITHIN 3 MONTHS AND TO INTRODUCE DEBIT CARDS FOR CASHLESS TRANSACTIONS FROM MINIMUM 100 TO MAXIMUM 10000 NOTES AND INCREASE LEVEL

0 0 Game Changer - Enabling the weaker section of society (poor and women, especially in villages)
I am attaching my thoughts on this subject.  This is a low hanging fruit, easily conceptualized and implemented.

0 0 Greetings to PM. In the move to making our country cashless economy, we need to give incentive to users opting for digital payments. Still most of the banks including Public sector banks like SBI charging for IMPS mode as well as PoS mode.To Incentivise both customers and merchants we need less charges or nill charges.

0 0 Good morning sir, myself Bijoy Rudrapal, belongs to Tripura. I am one of the biggest fan of yours. I have some suggestions like in Tripura we have find lots of government project and program, but if you really see you find nothing has been done. Like MGneraga, jica, igdc, NRHM and many other projects. But this will help only for earning money for few only. So why not govt. Will select few persons each state wise and they will look after the project work and those people will be monitor directly.

0 0 banks ,  post office and other employees should go to all public places and house  to house to teach people about digital transactions

0 0 Dear modiji, u have made  cashless & digitalized India it's a good effort but due to ntwrk problem we can't enjoy the it. Were other parts of India r enjoying d digital India we are having 2G facility that also only bsnl with slow internet. So how can we b cashless n digital India. In such a remote place without bank facilities.

0 0 Prime minister moji ji,kindly change the reservation system in India,reservations should be based on family economy but not cast based.most of the farward caste people are suffering with unemployment and livinghood,kindly change the system which is we are following from past 50 years.thanking you sir msg from true indian ,ji hind.

0 0 Greetings to PM. Working of parliament seems to decreasing year by year. On an average Parliament is functioning only for 60 to 70 days, that too most of the time blocked by opposition parties. My suggestion is why we should not increase working days of parliament 120 to 140 days. We have look for innovative options for opposition parties to put forward their views without creating hindrance to the Functioning of parliament.
With Regards,
Vinothkumar S
Chennai
Tamilnadu

0 0 NAMSTEJI ON BEHALF OF ALL MIDDLE AND POOR CLASS PEOPLE,I REQUEST YOU TO MERGE ALL NATIONALISED
BANKS ONLY 10 AND SCHEDULED BANKS THROUGHOUT INDIA 5 BANKS LIKE CUB LVB KVB TMB MAHILA BANKS FROM APRIL 2017 TO MARCH 2018 AND TO GIVE BANK JOBS PART TIME WORK 8 HOURS DUTY TO ALL UNEMPLOYED YOUTHS AND PARTICULARLY TO EDUCATE ALL VILLAGES TOWNS CORPORATIONS LEVEL BY ARRANGING AWARENESS PROGRAMMES BY ALL ASSOCIATIONS ROTARY LIONS CLUB SCHOOL COLLEGES
POLITICALREGISTERED PARTIES FOR CASHLESS

0 0 regarding bank deposits : you are inducing the depositer to deposit in different banks because one lakh is insured . this also creates nontrust in bank deposits

0 0 demonitisation : multi crores of rupees in lakhs is collected by each banks. so far no news about reduction of any  NPA of the banks. healthy function of bank is very much affected by NPA.The common man is also cheated and also trust in banks is a question mark

0 0 I think cash should be given to people who have aadharcards by online. (home delivery by speed post to normalise the ques in bank branches by debiting it from his or her bank accounts

0 0 NAMASTEJI FIRST OF ALL HAPPY NEW YEAR 2017 TO YOU AND ALLMINISTERS AND GOVT OFFICIALS
I REQUEST YOU TO TAKE NECESSARY STEPS TO INCREASE NEW 500 AND 50 RUPEE AND OLD 100 NOTES TO
GIVE ALL NATIONALISED AND SCHEDULED BANKS TO FULFILL ALL ATMS AND TO MONITOR BY ALL BANK MANAGERS AND SECOND KEY HOLDERS IN ALL BANKS DAILY  3 TIMES MORNING 6 AM AFTERNOON 12 NOON
AND 5 PM DAILY AS PERCASH POSITIONS AND INVESTIGATION TEAMS SHOULD BE APPOINTED BY ALL BANKS MD AND BOARD MEMBERS AND REGIONAL LEVEL THANKS

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Narendra Modi Ji,
Sir, Good Morning ! Would like bring to your attention, about the contest Unnathi Ki Kahani for women, still we are developing nation , so many houses they do not have the laptops or digital devices to exchange the communication...is there any possibility to provide the computers to our women Citizens ! In some states it was distributed at free of cost ... so pls do analyze if any possibility is there or at least to provide this at concessional  prices!

0 0 How to raise consumer complaint for quality issue of product, lot of people does not know this about consumer complaint

0 0 Sir,if govt of India open a account for formers and Jawan accept donations for welfare of kisan and Jawan and donations should be 100 percent tax free . people are ready to do something for kisan and Jawan.if there is transparency.

1 0 Sir,if u give a slogan of PLASTIC FREE INDIA.definitly it will give results.

0 0 Sir,your Indians most reliable pm.people believe you. What ever you in the interest of nation people will accept.i hope it's time for ECONOMIC BASED RESERVATION irrespective CASTE BASED.it may not possible immediately but you only can do this.

0 0 भारतीय रेलवे मे BE/BTech डिग्री वालो को प्रतियोगी परीक्षा के बाद सीनियर सेक्शन इंजीनियर  SSE पद पर अराजपत्रित श्रेणी मे प्रोमोशन रहित रखा गया है।अन्य किसी भी राज्य/केन्द्रीय सेवा मे BE/Btech वालों को कम से कम ग्रुप B मे रखा जाता है।रेलवे की असीमित सुरक्षा का दायित्व रखने वाला,ट्रेन के चलने के पहले ही पूरी यात्रा का सुरक्षा प्रमाणपत्र जारी करने वाले को क्या एक कागज प्रमाणित करने का अधिकार नही होना चाहिये।कृपया इस मामले मे हस्तक्षेप करकेअन्य केन्द्रीय सेवाओ के समकक्ष ग्रुप B का अधिकार प्रदान करे।

0 0 DOCUMENTARY OF THE UNIVERSE
THE GALAXY,  AND THE EARTH, HOW TO MUCH MORE WATER AND OIL IN EARTH,                                                         http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
          The Sun is 109 times bigger than the earth. When Sun crossed Galaxy Solar, layers for about 3000 Km were formed around the Sun. the Sun became bigger. During the journey, the water from the Galaxy Solar System and Oort Cloud got collected on the Earth which was the lower part of the Sun then. S

1 0 https://www.facebook.com/Dr.Bandil.K.K/posts/10211393827189530

1 1 Now a days maximum people are using direct payment for gas at the time of delivery. By using that some of them collecting money more than billing amount. Please inform the gas booking through online.
If we go and ask dealer they are not suggesting online payment, because they said, online system will take one month for delivery from the booking date. I hope it's wrong.
So please add this topic in your speech.

0 0 R/p modi sir,
You are trying to make cashless india.i would suggest u for paperless india.there is a lot of paper wastage in india
A lot of services ex-DL form,bank account oppening etc. Are available online but most of the people dont know how to use that and some even are not working properly.i have applied for new voter card on nsvp but status is only*submitted* from last 3 months.
All these services can be started online to be paperless..can save time,paper & environment.& increase ease

1 0 Congratulations for successful execution of II phase of currency demonetization. Few more steps may help in further progress of currency demonetization.
1. Kindly may announce a help line no to sortout issue related to cashless transactions. From last month 70% of my monthly expenses for my family , I had done through cashless transaction. But I face problems (likes net connectivity,poor mobile network customer support , Paytm unreliability, bank hidden charges, unavailability of cashless i

0 0 Sir,JIS city/village/town Mai Jo problems nai hai wo kabhi paida na ho ishkelia upai Karne ko kahia local bodies ko.It is my humble request to you.

0 0 Please stop this extended form filling and interview for depositing money. People are getting harassed unnecessarily. After they had time till 30th Dec.

0 0 Fundamental Rights of Children
All Children till age of 16 shall be the responsibility of the Govt.. If any child cannot take care of himself due to poverty, abusive parents etc shall be given care in the form of food, education and other things important for the growth of a child. By defining the fundamental rights of a children for 1 generation of 36 years we can eliminate plenty of future criminals and other abusers.We can include this in the UN charter and cover all the child of world.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान सेवक जी
आपने बहुतही कड़ा और बड़ा निर्णय लिया है और इस के अच्छे परिणाम दिखाई दे है . लेकिन कई लोगो कें पास दस से पचास लाख नए नोें ट मिल रहे है . ये कैसे समझ नही आता . हमें लाईन में खड़े होकर सिर्फ २००० मिल रहे है ये कैसे?
कृपया इसमे शामिल जो भी हो उसे कड़ी से कडी सजा मिले. फिर ऐसा करने की कोई हिंमत ना करे. राष्ट्र निर्माण के इस पवित्र कार्य में मै आपको वंदन करता हूँ.

0 0 resources is a deep rooted sin against humanity. The children who do not get affection, education basic resources and are leading an impoverished life is the greatest sin we are collectively doing against the humanity The child exploitation & torture goes a long way in shaping his or her personality and they most of them become the future criminals and themselves the perpetrators of heinous crimes. Its high time to stop this.

0 0 The population of India has risen above the explosive stage. Any steps taken to curb poverty will result in failure if the population which is  Resources/ Population doesn’t gets controlled. The main victims and suferers of this population growth are the children of India, Children are face of god in the earth and our these gods are begging at traffic signals working at tea stalls Children are considered as the face of God in the earth and bringing them to this world without having enough...

0 0 Hearty honorable PM , please announce ATM card holders take amount of 2000-4000 by ATM and without card take only 500-1000 by cash for SB account . bcaz the familiar persons where using their influence . the village ,illiterate cant withdraw even 100 at afternoon ,
More than 4000 can transfer by account only

0 0 CASHLESS INDIA DIGITAL INDIA ગ્રામીણ
આજે ગ્રામીણ ક્ષેત્રે કમ્પ્યુટર શિક્ષણ ખૂબ જ જરૂરી બની ગયું છે.પ્રાથમિક શિક્ષણ નું સ્તર બહુ જ કથળી ગયેલ છે જે પ્રાથમિક શિક્ષણની વાસ્તવિકતા છે તો પછી પ્રાથમિક શિક્ષણ થી કમ્પ્યુટર વિષય રાખવામા આવે તો પ્રાથમિક શિક્ષણ માં નવા પ્રાણ ઉમેરાશે. બાળકો નવા આનંદ સાથે નવીન ટેક્નોલોજી થી શિક્ષણ નો લાભ લેતા થશે.જો ગ્રામીણ બાળકોને પહલેથી જ પ્રાથમિક શિક્ષણમાં જ કમ્પ્યુટર શિક્ષણ આપવામાં આવે તો એ જ ગામડાના બાળકો પછી પોતાના પુસ્તકો ખરીદવા શહેરમાં નહીં જાય પણ online જ ખરીદશે.

0 0 Respected prime minister , please look in this matter - bitcoin , in my view (personal) this digital is using to convert black money to white , our neighborhood country can use it to spread unrest in our country , website are unocoin.com, coinsecure.in , localbitcoin.com , bitxoxo.com , coinqube.com etc , please ban bitcoin in india.

0 0 आदरणीय PM साहब, क्या ये संभव है कि हर पुलिस स्टेशन के पास एक महिला पुलिस स्टेशन भी हो अलग से। जहाँ सिर्फ महिला पुलिस की ही एंट्री हो CC TV Camera लगे हों पुरुषों की एंट्री सर्वदा वर्जित हो।

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, मेरा मानना है कि फांसी की सजा को फिर से अस्तित्व में लानी चाहिए । क्योंकि आज अपराध को ले कर लोगों में डर नहीं है आये दिन बलात्कार हत्या जैसे घिनोने अपराध हो रहे हैं । इन्हें लगता है कि कुछ समय बाद तो छूट ही जायेंगे अगर फांसी का डर हो तो इन अपराधों में निश्चित ही कमी आयेगी।

0 0 In my view prime minister should speak on How India can be taken to a higher level by producing goods for exports to cater to intl standards in quality,quantity and customer satisfaction. Our real problem is we are heavily dependent on petroleum, gold, military equipment,electronics. I feel the key to any govt success can be through exports only nothing else.Our population is high&everyone is looking for magic to happen in improvement.  IntelHardwork,quality,sincerity,sacrifice need of the hour.

0 0 Sir, India is in dire need to create more jobs. Please release liquidated money back to market on low interest. I am proposing to use subtle regulations to create more jobs through public-private echo system.

1 0 Solution can be –
Central Government – Create a corpus fund of 1000 crores   from the seized money /undisclosed property.
a)      Put the money in banks for five years. @ 6% the banks will give 60 crores interest per year.
b)      Give this 60 crores premium to the insurance company for a cover of up to Rs 1000 crores per year for five years.
BANKS – No changes in normal bank transaction rules by cheque, debit card or credit cards.
Sir the details are attached. Regards

0 0 I was respecting and supporting your demonetization decision but your your two decision heart me one give 50% and make your black money white in people they we also making black money white by taking 40-50% why that was crime and if government do it's not I am not supporting but want to know why you are making 50% white of there money when it was going to 100% usefulness?
Second why you say political party can change money without question? do you think they are gentle and common man are thief?

0 0 ...Can she travel alone in our Indian streets after dark? No. Regardless of her age, she is treated as a sex machine. Who is to be blamed here? PARENTS -who gave birth to a girl child, GIRL - for dreaming life of her own or WHO ELSE. I agree life is full of challenges but to be denied what you wish for due to your gender is nothing but a CURSE.

0 0 ....Why? Is it due to some animals waiting to hunt her, harass her? Why most conservative families deny her everything - happiness, joy, education, love of her life, career, etc.? She fights to continue studying when she attains puberty, to join college when she finishes school, to choose a career post college, to choose bride of her choice for marriage, etc., Why is she treated as a guest in her own house from birth? HER STRUGGLES FOR EQUALITY CONTINUES TILL THE DAY HER BODY SEES THE GRAVE

0 0 Before registering my views, I skimmed through the recent submissions which talked mostly about corruption and demonetization. But there is a more serious issue that defames our nation internationally. BEING BORN AS A GIRL CHILD IS A CURSE IN MOST INDIAN FAMILIES. There are lots of differences on how a family treats a girl vs. boy child. Right from birth she is denied equality in all aspects of life. She is denied the right to pursue her dream.

1 0 Respected Shri Modi ji
Rapes, molestation, physical abuse is increasing day by day in our country. No women is safe. As you initiated the yoga day to spread awareness about benefits of yoga please also initiate a self defense day to make everyone aware about self defense. Please sir make it compulsory in schools to provide martial art training for willing girls and boys. We cant change the sick mindset of criminals but at least we can make ourself prepared for the situation. Thank you very much

1 0 Why don't you use real time monitoring on traffic rules where if they violates rules and signals, it will block their license and bank accounts unless they appear in court,also all traffic monitoring vehicles should be equipped with devices to send penalty messages to their registered phone numbers. This will reduce jams of cops collecting penalty and direct fine collection to the government. Zero tolerance

1 0 People are unwilling to pay income tax but make huge donations.all donations at temples should be taxed at 75% and the money should be used in constructing toilets to make India open-defecation free.

0 0 Dear PM, 
I am a resident from Bangalore since 35 Years,Born and brought up in bangalore,The City's Infrastrucure has taken a nose dive despite complaints from the residents,I here by request you to take some actions to improve the Infrasturce with PLANS which has an end date.Many residents are not yet getting the ground water supply which was promised to them 10 Years back. 
Thank you

0 0 Our be loved Prime Minister,We do here by let you inform that our country badly requires special legal seminar and training arrangement .So that Mass-Awareness can be enhanced and so that common people can hardly be cheated.We like to let you further request that LOK ADALAT should be implemented within 15th days all over India Courts. And new judges should be introduced in every High Court all over India.Please look into this matter.Thanking you, pravat kar,kandi, MSD,W.B. MO:- 9932647412

0 0 The government is busy in sweeping out the mess created by earlier ones since decades and this is kind of imbibed a good habit in the citizens of: CHANGE. The steps taken by our beloved Prime Minister are innumerous and deeply appreciated. So it is not expected to reach the nooks and corners of the issues considered minor at national front.
Lets just say some of these citizens are quick to adapt to this govt's ideology. I can see weak implementation as some of the issues considered...........

0 0 Which students are going to government schools and colleges... Only those students are qualified for government jobs..

0 0 The government is extremely busy in sweeping out the mess created by earlier ones since decades and this is kind of imbibed a good habit in the citizen of CHANGE. The steps taken by our beloved Prime Minister are enumurous and deeply appreciated neither is it expected to reach the nooks and corners of the issues for issues considered minor at national front.
So lets just say some citizens are quick to adapt to this ideology, hence I can see weak implementation is some issues considered minor by

0 0 Our be loved Prime Minister, we do hereby let you inform that for over one month the postal department of Murshidabad District,W.B. fails to supply sufficient money to the people concerned, following this they have to face multifarious troubles.Under the circumstances we request your good  self to look into the matter personally and get the needful done forthwith. Thanking you, pravat kar,kandi, Murshidabad.W.B.Mo:-9932647412 /9046240137.E MAIL:- pravatkandirailwayskc@gmail.com.

0 0 Our be loved Prime Minister, We do hereby let you inform that the Let Medical mobile Vans be introduced though B S N L .And B S N L has to face various troubles in respect of digging and placing the fiber cable lines in the towns and villages. Let a good relation ship be lied between the state Government and Central Government so as to Strengthens its security. Thanking you,pravat kar,kandi, MSD,W.B. E MAIL:-pravatkandirailwayskc@gmail.com. MO:-9932647412 /9046240137.

0 0 HONOURABLE PM SIR,
I APPRECIATE YOUR RECENT MOVE OF DEMONITISATOIN AND CONNECTING INDIA TO A DIGITAL WORLD BUT THERE RAE SOME ISSUES WE NEED TO ADDRESS WITH RESPECT TO CASHLESS TRANSACTION
1.STRONG CYBER SECURITY LAW
2.CYBER INSURANCE IS THE NEED OF THE HOUR
3.AADHAR ECOSYSTEM FOR DIGITAL PAYMENT
4.AWARENESS AMONG RURAL PEOPLE BY CIVIL SOCIETIES

0 0 My suggestions are enclosed in the pdf attached. #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Our beloved Prime  Minister,we do here by let you inform that the uplift B S N L Department. Our proposal ! please take steps in respect of withdrawing the validity of B S N L .@ Let new connections be made though wireless set. 3.Let new Mobile sets be supplied through cashless system. 4.Let Mobile sets be supplied at least rate to popularize 4G sets.5.Let all the Telephone exchanges be more Modernized.6. Let some Steps be taken though seminars in various areas on behalf ofBSNL.pravat kar,kandi.

1 0 i im parmar papu
sir me apko ek ideas dena chahta hu
ap casless ko badava dena chahte hey
lekin iske liye apki party ko hi pahel karni padegy, ap jo chanda lena hey sirf digital payment se hi lege ashi dhosna karni padegy
our desh ki shabi party ko chanda sirf casless tarjetion hi hoga isha kanun bhi banana chaiye
ager ap ye dhosna karte ho ke ap ki party sirf digital payment se hi chanda legy
to me midal class se hu  lekin ap ki party ko digital payment se 3000 ka chanda me duga..J.H

1 0 Our be loved Prime Minister,We do here by let you inform that the final Marking following New railway work from Chowrigachha to Sainthia via kandi (56.50k.m.) has been started by this time . By this time the Pillaring Work between chowrigachha to Rajarampur( p.s.Bharatpur-10k.m.) has,by this time been completed on 2nd sept.2016 Please lookinto the matter.So that more 46.50 k.m. pillaring work can be done immediately.Thanking you pravat kar, kandi,Murshidabad.W.B.MO:-9932647412/9046240137.

1 0 See You Sir (Waiting) पानी (अमृत-scarcity)वेस्टेज बचाना देश हित का कार्य है राजस्थान संपर्क ऑनलाइन से समाधान होगया है नवरत्न एंट्री पर एंगल लगवाने से अंदर बड़े ट्रकों का रिहायशी कॉलोनी में आना बंद हो गयाहै हम ने जन जन में आनंद फ़ैलाने का मानस बना रखा है मन की ख़ुशीएवं भाव शब्दों में अभिव्यक्त नहीं कर सकते जनधन बचाने कैशलैस pay methods जिनको नहीं आती समझा रहे हैं भारी इनामों की घोषणा का  घरघर प्रचार किया जा रहा है Every person to try&try independently /Auth Sarthee- Rassee Pathar ko ghis sakti

1 0 Namaskar
Am related with veneer,plywood industry. 
This industry survive on import of veneer,logs,plywood. 
This industry is working on 50℅ invoice for import and sale cause high custom duty. 
Please reduce the import custom duty to half & appeal the industry to make full invoice or else strictly action will be taken. 
If duty reduce to half & make full import invoice the industry can survive.black Money generation&use will stop. 
If no reduce duty&make full invoice industrydie

1 0 भगवान के मंदिर में सभी भक्त जितना भी चढ़ावा या दान जरूर यह सोच के करता है भगवान बुरे समय में मुझ पर दया करना मुझे बचाना लेकिन भारत में जितने भी मंदिर में आ रहे अनाप शनाप दान का दुरूपयोग होता आज कल टीवी  के माध्यम से दिख रहाहै मैं मोदीजी निवेदन करूँगा की सभी मंदिर के दान को भारत सरकार के विशेष अंतिम समय मदद के नाम से शुरू कर आकस्मिक हादसे में शिकार हो रहे दुर्घटना ग्रस्त को प्रारंभिक अवस्था में ईलाज हेतु प्रदान करे वो सही मायने में भगवान की हर मरीज के अस्पताल आते ही जान बचाने सहायता होगी

0 0 Hon'bleSir I have genuine Request to share with u 1. Kindly reduce the tax burden direct and indirect from the common people. In way it will reduce the non compliance window for those who does not comply.2. Reduce the gap for the farmers so that they can directly sell their products in open market. It will be beneficial to them so that they don't suffer any loss and it will also reduce the hoarders who are making monies by illegal means.3. Kindly try to finish inspector raj.all paymentmadeonline

2 0 Currency-less economy in 3 steps
1.1.Convert newly issued Rs.500 and Rs.2000 currency to plastic cash-cards(CSC) thro post offices in exchange of new 500 and 2000 currency.
1.2. Zero transaction fees charged from customer/merchant on using CSC
2. All cash receiving points to have a compulsory swiping machine for CSC which is authenticated by fingerprint. Fingerprint will help illiterate to authenticate payments.
3. Currency paid for CSC to be destroyed and will be eliminated from circulation

0 0 मुंबई लोकल ट्रेन में रोज 3-4 कट कर मर जाते हैं ट्रैन के फुटबोर्ड और स्टेशन के बीच 2 फ़ुट की ऊचाई का अंतर है ट्रैन का स्टोपेज समय सिर्फ 30 सेकेन्ड्स हैं जो आदतन यात्रा नहीं करते वो जल्दी चढ़ नहीं पाते और फ़िसल कर ट्रैन और स्टेशन के बीच में फॅस जाते हैं ट्रैन चल जाती है कृपा कर  फूटबॉर्ड के समान्तर स्टेशन की ऊँचाई की जाये और ट्रैन रुकने का समय 1 मिनट किया जाये रोज मुम्बई की कातिल लोकल 2 -3 परिवार का एक नाम गायब कर देती है और कितने घायल जो अभी तक बिस्तर पर है कल के NBT के का फोटो देख लीजिये

1 0 Number of parliamentary constituencies  -   543
Number of candidates per seat - 6(3 national level recognised parties+ 3 regional parties)
expenditure ceiling now Rs.7000000/=
Total expenses = 543*6* 7000000 =Rs. 2280.6 crores
expenditure ceiling  if amended to Rs. 100000/=
Total expenses = 543*6* 100000 =Rs.32.58 crores

1 0 Dear sir
I want to suggest a very good idea that will work against black money automatically without any effort of government in manufacturing sector. I am also a manufacturer.
DEBT INSURANCE IS THE KEY FACTOR FOR MANUFACTURERS. IF GOVERNMENT PURPOSE INSURANCE FOR BILLING TO DEALERS FROM MANUFACTURERS THL WORK FEARLESSLY AND WILL WORK WITH FULL BILLING.THEY WILL PAY FOR INSURANCE FEES AS WELL AS BANK WILL ALSO LOAN MANUFACTURERS BECAUSE OF NO DEBT FEAR .please Sir if any one your officer call

2 0 Dear sir
I want to suggest a very good idea that will work against black money automatically without any effort of government in manufacturing sector. I am also a manufacturer.
DEBT INSURANCE IS THE KEY FACTOR FOR MANUFACTURERS. IF GOVERNMENT PURPOSE INSURANCE FOR BILLING TO DEALERS FROM MANUFACTURERS THL WORK FEARLESSLY AND WILL WORK WITH FULL BILLING.THEY WILL PAY FOR INSURANCE FEES AS WELL AS BANK WILL ALSO LOAN MANUFACTURERS BECAUSE OF NO DEBT FEAR .

1 0 Dear hon embalm PM India Shri Modi jee
1 central government office very bad situation of corruption officer employee Sinking corruption look east central rail sonpur division
2 railway officer many group D employee used his residence and his personal work loss of revenue

0 0 Dear Sir
I think we should include personal finance education to our school level curriculum. It will help the young kids to plan their investments at very early stage of their career.  There are plenty of financial tools available in the market, but an ordinary citizen is not aware of these.  I strongly feel that this will help young generation to achieve their goals on time.
Thanks & Regards
Manish Gautam
9729166447

0 0 Point 1 - Instead of NEW NOTE, we should have RETOUCHED old notes with some identity/color. By this we could have avoided current situation and it could have served the same purpose.
Point 2 - For ongoing problems, i strongly think GOVT + RBI should target STATE BY STATE solution. for example - govt should just full fill one state need for 2days and den next state. This will be solve problem in better way and it will allow agencies to do better tracking of ongoing black market issues.

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
Rural housing is a big challenge for most of the Indians. I hail from small village in Andhra Pradesh and more than 80% people live in mud houses. Affordability is a big challenge and the women continue to suffer a lot. I feel this is common across India barring few exceptions. Govts. are taking initiatives since long but no visible results are seen in the ground. More than 50% Indians live in huts are mud houses. Why not we come with Innovative ideas to provide rural housing ?AT

0 0 Your decision of Demonitization is commendable.  PAN no of the applicant is an important tool to catch the offenders. Our income tax department should have some system through which the accounts of one individual linked to an individual are reflected in ITs data base so that it becomes easy to catch no of accounts of a customer. Multiple accounts of customers in bank also lead to money laundering. Datas of CIbil should also reflect no of accounts of customer so that we know the trail of money.

0 0 honorable prime minister
  sir i m member of bjp and my suggestion is to implies new law on political parties funding ,make it more transparent ,it will clear doubts ,few people have on demonetization.........

0 0 respected sir let us initiate digital economy by annoucing that bjp will accept all small and large donations in cashless way. kindly arrange one bank account no. for whole nation or statewise or district wise and publish MMID and ifsc of that account,we want to donate in our small way.and it becomes example for other political parties.jay hind.

1 0 News channels nowadays just show news related to politics,sport and celebrity news.I appreciate that but it would be very good if a separate channel for news related to technology development around country is shown.This channel can also help by giving awareness on topics like future prospects for young children and help them learn some basic skills.this channel can be used to make children aware of banking systems and promote a cashless society.Also having intellecual guest speakers can help

1 0 Dear Sir,
You know very well, who is the big fish in India. Sharad Pawar, Mulyam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad Yadav, and all bloody politicians. Every politicians have 500 Crores of wealth.All government policies are  responsible to increased the black money or black wealth in India. Charity begin's from home. You are honest but do you think your party minister's and bloody politicians are honest. Aap humesha janta se bolte ho Subsidy give up karo. Why always aam janta has tosacrifice.

0 0 Modiji,  how about allowing farmers and others with Jan Dhan accounts to clear their debt/loans? These accounts have black money. Do consider for Jan dhan

0 0 Hon'ble Sir ,
I am submitting my views regarding Mann Ki Baat.
Regards
Manoj K jain

0 0 Dear Sir,
Your Demonetization decision was very good but because after Demonetization,500% corruption has been increased in India. All black money people adjust their black money with the helps of banks and cooperative banks. Nothing will happen to those who are indulge in Corruption because all private banks and cooperative banks are run by the bloody politicians. All politicians will be free because this is the Law of India. Nothing will happen to those bloody politicians.

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
Rural housing is a big challenge for most of the Indians. I hail from small village in Andhra Pradesh and more than 80% people live in mud houses. Affordability is a big challenge and the women continue to suffer a lot. I feel this is common across India barring few exceptions?. My Suggestion is that Govt are taking initiatives since long no visible results are seen. More than 50% Indians live in huts are mud houses. Please focus on this but not routine way...

0 0 From:Dhansukhlal M.Rana,
222Paulison Avenue,Apt#D3,Passaic,NJ-07055,USA.
For getting Monthly minimum pension Rs.1000/-- instead of Rs.850/--. P.P.O No. GJ/SRT/15529, SB A/C in Dena Bank, soniwad, Bilimora-396321. It's creates contradiction between Guj.Govt.GR Published in NewsPaper because P.F. Office Surat fixed my monthly pension Rs.1275/-- on Paper but allow to get Rs.850/-- so please give written instruction to the commissoner of P.F. Office to allow me to get Rs.1000/--.
Thank you

0 0 The petrolium companies should develop an app/procedure so as to go cashless. Major portion of population will be covered.

1 0 Dear sir the big issue of our country is also a reservation in the student carrier.Student are badly suffering from this type of issue can you solve this problem.

0 0 West Bengal Dhulagarh Hindu Muslim riot 17.12.2016 Mamata Banerjee Hiding!

1 0 Sir
Most of the black money is in form of real state.
Kindly do something so that all properties will be linked together either by aadhar no. Or by other means of identity.
Start scrutinizing properties.

1 0 Dear Sir, I am Hemant Gandhi from Gujarat. I have experienced that you are doing your best to make life of common people easy and comfortable. My concern is travelling in trains in general bogey. It is always very hard experience. I am sure who are aware of it and working on it. Can you ensure citizens of India regarding this subject. Oppositions who have ruled India for 70 years were blind towards difficulty faced by the common people. Now they have tears of crocodile.

0 0 Would like to hear you talking about three pillars of nation - health - education - defence. Expect maximum amount to these sectors. Nation onthe top - teenagers require proper leadership - please guide.

0 0 भ्रष्टाचार मे लिप्त लोगो 2G,कोयला घोटाले आदि के विरूद्ध वास्तविक कार्यवाही शीघ्र शुरू करें।भ्रष्ट नेता आपका विरोध कर रहे हैं,उन्हे बेनकाब करें।सभी भ्रष्टाचार एवं आतंकवाद के मामलो पर 6 माह मे फैसला होना चाहिए।आपको पूर्व सरकार के भ्रष्टाचार के विरूद्ध ही जनमत मिला है।इसलिए उनके खिलाफ सख्त कदम उठायें।नोटबन्दी के दौरान भ्रष्ट बैंक कर्मचारियो के खिलाफ कार्यवाही करें।सभी exchange currency की आडिट कराएं।काले धन वालो की सूचना देने वाले बैंकरों एवं आमलोगों के लिए गुप्त उपहार योजना शुरू करें।

0 0 डिजिटल इन्डिया के इस दौर मे सबसे बडी भागेदारी न्यूज पोर्टल निभा रहे है इसलिऐ मेरी यह सलाह है कि जो वेब न्यूज पोर्टल भारत सरकार द्वारा मान्यता देने के जो मानक है उसे कम व सरल किया जाना चाहिए व बिना भारत सरकार की मान्यता के चल रहे है उन पर कार्यवाही की जानी चाहिए जिसकी वजह से आम जनता को सच्ची खबरे ही मिल सके आज कल लोगो के पास कुछ काम ही नही है रह गया है वेब न्यूज पोर्टल खोल कर बैठ जाते है और जो मर्जी हो वो खबर चला देते है।

1 0 Tax slabs should be changed....but there should be no exemption.
Up to 5 lacs - 2 to 5% for everyone.... No free lunch for any body.
 Up to 20 lacs 10% some respite to middle class.
Up to 30 lacs 20% and beyond that 30%...... They are earning well beyond their requirements....

0 0 आदरणीय, आपने नोटबन्दी का निर्णय लेकर एक महतवपूर्ण कार्य किया है, देश हित में ऐसे निर्णय सराहनीय हैं, निवेदन है कि ऐसे एक दो निर्णय तीस दिसंबर के बाद भी हो जाएँ तो देश प्रगति की रह पर दोड़ने लगेगा, आपसे निवेदन है कि देश के किसानों की आर्थिक सहायता अवश्य कीजिए, स्वच्छता अभियान को लेकर एक सुझाव है कि स्थानीय लोगों को कुछ अधिकार दीजिए ताकि वो लोगों को किसी भी अनुचित तरीक़े से गंदगी फैलाने से रोक सकें..

0 0 Adarsh IT Slab- For Common Man
Economy Slab -Upto 2Lakhs-nil
Swabhimaan Slab 2-5L-2%
Progressive Slab 5-10L- 10%
Tax benefit upto amount of tax in progressive slab.

0 0 Respected Sir
The employees of unorganised sectors too be provided the benefits of EPF.
Survey number of landed properties may be linked to the Aadhaar numbers of the owners. Excess land may be confiscated and distributed to land-less.
Protected Colonies exclusively for
women may be set up in every district for employed ladies /mothers to escape domestic violence and other intruders.
Uniform civil code may be notified. Biologcal diversity of the entire
Sahyadri mountains may be protected

0 0 Namasthe Ji, in south karnataka village people who are educated going for metro cities for basic food and shelter the number of people is increasing day by day , finally people are facing unemployment problem due low rainfall. if possible you can implement solar project to their villag area which not contains ground water level.i.e., what you done in Gujarat. it leads to create employment and fulfill the power supply.

1 0 Need your help in Pvt sector jobs where all co are opening subsidiary companies where they are recruiting employees with minimum salary that to without any job security. Employees are made to work for more than 12 hours with no extra allowance.
Also look into the situation of Hindu in Bengal. Muslim are running havocked in all village area with the support of state govt. Help in stopping reservation in name of religion or cast .Reservation should be for financially backwards or physically hc.

0 0 Opposition are you telling about security of digital transaction. So govt can take this steps. 1)if the complaint is correct bank will credit the a/c with same money he lost due to digital transaction.
2) police will recover & deposit
3) Indians will submit all the document of foreign a/c where transaction may done
4) develop software to block the transaction requested in such a/c whose documents are not submitted before

0 0 To promote digital transactions below is suggested to be implemented for a short term initially after a major section of the population has made at least one digital transaction
All cash deposits and withdraws to be charged at 5 to 15 % based on cummilative amount withdrawn or deposited in a month in a slab basis
No transaction cost for digital payments

0 0 Bill Gates is promoting Toilets with no use of water, kindly get in touch with him and we can implement the new toilets under Swatch Bharat mission-Gramin. Jai Hind..

2 0 Sir
Corruption aapki note bandi k bad bad gya he....
Corrupt officer apna black money unhi se white kara rhe he jin logon se vo rishvat late the ya le rhe he.
Complained karna mtlb apne pair par kulhadi marna.
1 aur govt k khokhle sistem par bharosa karna.
Aap ne notebandi ki. Its ok
Pareshan sirf kisan aur chota vyapari hua..
Ek bhi ias adhikari ka nam nhi aaya kyun ki unka paisa rishvat ka paisa unhone unhi se change karaya jin logon k kam unhi ne atka rakhe he...

0 0 Suggestion
Free training for basic computer and smart phone for making digital payments to Urban and rural India. These kind of apps should add high security so that it cannot be hacked easily because even today most of the educated people are afraid to do the digital payments through internet.The IT security/Cyber fraud laws should be amended.Some kind of initiative should be taken make mobile internet and internet at nominal rates so that each and every person should access internet.

0 0 Sir,
This is Akhil from the heart of the India ie, Delhi. First of all, many congratulations for demonetization.
This is my personal experience and you must also be aware that all the bhawans like gujrat bhawan, andhra bhawan etc, have restaurant open for public for very reasonable rates but as our government promoting cashless transactions they are accepting only cash for payment.
Sir, please make those restaurants cashless. I hope my idea will be accepted for this version of Mann ki Baat.

0 0 PM sir.thnx for all your efforts. My idea is to save the wastage of electricity and use it for agriculture and household purpose. Please find the attached document for more details. It was on observation that I thought could be an idea for the betterment of our country.

2 0 Respected pm sir,
                I have an idea to eradicate black money. while printing new currency,date of expiry can be printed on it.(5 0r 10 years).After that period the money to be changed only through banks as it becomes invalid automatically.This will encourage cashless transactions also.

2 0 Respected Sir, please create a common bank account for the entire armed forces so the common man if interested can donate how much ever money they want, this is purely voluntary and the money can be used for the upgrading our armed forces to the  most feared armed forces in Asia.This money should be used for upgrading the forces and not for the welfare as i know there is already an account for the welfare of forces.

1 0 Dear Sir, Agar Jo Abhi ATM ki limit hai 2000 hai wo agar hamesa rahe to corruption kam hoga month me 72000/- hee agar koi insaan nikalega kisi ko koi chhut nhi Jo Krna hai check se kro ya credit card/debit card se. Isse currency bhi kam print Krna padega or corruption b nhi hoga jitni limit 30000 hoga to Jada aacha hai.kishano or garibo koi dikkat nhi hogi. 2000 se uper ki koi b product ke liye cash band ho ya to check se payment ho ya credit ya debit se ya online. Banks check book bulk me banan

1 0 India needs 5000 community colleges that are open to people of all ages and background in order to eradicate illiteracy among 45 crore people and ill-literacy among the rest. Major educational reforms are required. On the contrary, HRD Ministry is re-introducing wasteful exams in schools. Educational reforms must be the next big move after demonitization to de-colonize the mind. Changes to the structure of the government is also required.

0 0 Honorable and respected Sir,
there is little idea or we can say a change of thinking is roaming around last three Years but cant sent to any concern person that is We are religious Hindu So we can easily Find A temple and idol of God in a every corner of street within 50 yards of your location of anywhere in India. But It is Our misery We Cant find a Toilet in every 200 meter yards. Which is very necessary in our country. It will not only benefit our citizen but also Old person & Women. Etc

0 0 Demonesation is a wonderful move. Inconvenience caused to some, I am not one of them, is accepted by majority . But let's be fair with them...  it is high time we put 500...100...50 notes in ATMs. Opposition is trying to encash on this prpblem desperately. I want to see the move succeed in Toto. Jai hind.

0 0 Road safety.
Sir most of the accidents happen due to no self discipline careless attitude on the road with a 'tera baap ka hai kya' attitude. On TV channels/ news and in colleges bring awareness about how life is post accident in reckless driving cases n show incidents where accidents happen due to someone else's carelessness on roads.
1. Don't allow stopping / parking in 200 meters radius of any major cross road
2. Reclaim footpaths. exemplary penalty
3. Penalty shud b % of vehicle price.

0 0 सर नमस्कार
मेरा सूजाव हे। की कोई भी इलेक्शन में वोटर अपना वोट देने के लिए जाता हे। तब आधार कार्ड से उसका वेरिफ़िकेशन करना चाहिए ताकि कोई भी दूसरे के वोट का ग़लत इस्तमाल ना कर सके
ओर दूसरा की ऑनलाइन पेमेंट करने पर कोई चार्ज नई लगना चाहिए ओर जो लोग नगद से पेमेंट करे उसे चार्ज लगना चाहिए ताकि ज़्यादा लोग ऑनलाइन पेमेंट करे अगर ऑनलाइन में चार्ज लगते हे तो कम लोग ऑनलाइन पेमेंट करेंगे ओर फिर एक बार ब्लाक मनी बढ़ जाएगी
धन्यवाद आभार

0 0 Create residential schools under Kendriya Vidhyala(CBSE) banner in all the states(especially North-East) for Schedule Tribes or for all the under privileged children from economically backward sections. Free education to the selected children in these residential schools will help in uplifting from school dropout,better accountability. Education in highest standards will be a game changer in most the backward districts..

0 0 Honourable PM Modi G people have to change their Mind and they have problems in changing because India don't like changes.So Salute to you for making change in this Country. Jai Hind

1 0 Safe Driving [Safety and Rules]
To make people life safe from road accidents and violations, I think driving should be part of academics as a subject in High Secondary schools. Where driving rules, safety norms and mind development for safe driving should be taught.

0 0 We are unable using credit card or debit card below rs 100 purchase not accepting stores or petrol bunks

0 0 HON.RESPECTED MODI JI,
           sir,at present there is only one post of pharmacist in primary health center and insuffient post of pharmacist in other viz-rural,cottage,subdistrict and civil hospital. As per pharmacy act medicine should not be dispence in absence or when single pharmacist at on leave.there is violation of pharmacy act and also lives of the people.there is also diferance in salary of state government pharmacist in comparision with central government pharmacist.

1 0 HON.RESPECTED MODI JI,
           sir,at present there is only one post of pharmacist in primary health center and insuffient post of pharmacist in other viz-rural,cottage,subdistrict and civil hospital. As per pharmacy act medicine should not be dispence in absence or when single pharmacist at on leave.there is violation of pharmacy act and also lives of the people.there is also diferance in salary of state government pharmacist in comparision with central government pharmacist.

1 0 Sir target benami property next. Put a Deadline to declare all property owned and then link only to aadhar. After deadline undeclared property both lands and flats will be under government control till an year until which time any claim to land will be entertained on proper documentation after which becomes government property.

0 0 Please amend the section 13A of IT Act which allows anonymous cash donations below 20k. Political parties take it as an advantage and deposit their leaders black money by showing multiple donations below 20k. People felt cheated by knowing this loophole. This should have been corrected before demonetisation. Pls do this otherwise UP elections will be negative for BJP and PM credibility is going down.

0 0 Why transaction charges are being applicable on using debit card. As its totally similar to using cash. So I recommend to have no charges on using debit card any where for digital transaction. This will definitely show that we are promoting cash less transaction and people will come ahead to use it... Its India and we are not interested to pay single penny in extra to use such digital transaction. And by using debit card it must be totally similar to use cash then only people will come ahead.

1 0 Idea Generation to save Red Yellow Green signal
with the us of proper LED lights and arrows , one single light can be used for all three coloured signals.
Please give this to Road traffice signal designers , I am sure we will save a great amount of space and amount which can be utilised for major road safety

1 0 Honorable sir,
           Indians want to listen about the real benefits of the demonetisation. These poor people thinking that introducing 2000 rupee notes besides banning 1000 rupee notes, is only making easy to store large amount of money in minimum(compared to before) space for big shots.
           Please let them know about the true sense of your great mind behind every action you do.

1 0 Suggestions for Promoting helmet usage for safety ::
Every two wheeler manufacturer has to give free helmet alongwith New BIKE
RTO will not pass any new vehicle without helmet

1 0 Safe Driving [Safety and Rules]
To make people life safe from road accidents and violations, I think driving should be part of academics as a subject in High Secondary schools. Where driving rules, safety norms and mind development for safe driving should be taught.

1 0 https://t.co/tnYSjsYHx4
Respected Modi ji,WHY deposits in bank accounts of political parties are not to be taxed?MAXIMUM BLACK MONEY IS WITH POLITICIANS.WHY GOVT IS BIASED>>

1 0 Respected Sir,
           I enclose a letter indicating a few suggestions how the 'Black Money' collected as a result of demonetisation can be better utilised.
With best regards,
Mrigankashekhar Shandilya,
Class 7th, St. Francis' College.

0 0 Sir
Strict axtion is being taken against all then why Axis Bank is being spared..
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/noida/it-department-recovers-rs-... …
AXIS BANK LICENSE BE CANCELLED FOR FRAUDS DONE...
https://t.co/ib9k7aiWwn

0 0 easy way to stop generation of black money....
easiest way to stop black money is government should bring a law under which
luxury item/service provider forexample jewellery showroom, hotels,  automobile showrooms, garment showrooms stricly cannot accept note currency strictly they can accept cheque or digital payment otherwise their license will be cancelled.

0 0 (Continued...)bring in new ways of human resource planning to create best successful individuals out of this vast talent pool of Indian youth. The main task as said before is Identification of person's capabilities in personality either person himself or by someone else to them. At the same time, ensure that youth are inspired of good way of life and not taking wrong ways, approaches in their life.Live with positive vigor, energy, health, appetite, desire to achieve or create something(innovate)

0 0 Sir, there are many of peoples nothing information about cashless banking. Although peoples use of android phones but they never know the use of online banking &  applications.Now its necessary to appoint volunteers for Cashless banking awareness & information tenure in all over villages for better knowledge of cashless banking to every person of India. Government should set up a committee like 'Pradhanmantri Fellowship' for our dreams comes true of Strong cashless Bharat.

0 0 AFTER DEMONETISATION NO TAX REFORMS OR LOAN RATE RELIEF TO MIDDLE CLASS...NO WORK,ECONOMY HIT...HOW SHALL WE SURVIVE OR PAY INSTALLMENTS?https://t.co/5HWjEqrEsm
https://t.co/IFMjlQre8z,https://t.co/J8tdzCUiUk -PAN NO. & ITR FILING BE MADE NECESSARY FOR ALL IN INDIA LIKE AADHAR CARD & FLAT TAX@1% FOR ALL.THEN 100$ POLPULATION WILL PAY THEIR OWN SHARE OF TAX TO GOVT. INSTEAD OF 1% POPULATION PAYING TODAY..

1 0 Dear sir,
I have  one super  Dhansu plan to stop currption  in our country .
Plz Jo naye currency Aa rhi hai usme kuch change karke pure Bhrastachar ko khatam kar sakte ho.
Naye note par serial no. Ka bar code print kar Dojiye or har  Bank ke har counter par serial code scanning machine laga kar un notes ke serial no. Ko uske account se  attach kar ke had note ka movement track kar sakte hai.
Or bade note band karke bhrasthachar ka namo nishan MIT jaayega.
For koi bhi rishwat lene darega

0 0 dear sir,much people are not educated about bank working.
workshops are begin in rural area, now it is much needed.
also your new education policy until not seen.i gives idea on this,100% literacy will acheieve,as all people know some basic things and also about bank and govenment working,by these,no one expolit them.and in this policy,some ancient education rules are added.
                  your faithful,
                   bhupesh jain
                  ludhiana,punjab.

1 0 Dear Mr.Prime Minister,
Our suggestion is as below.
Please double or triple the PROPERTY TAX for vacant lands used for House Construction. The criteria shall be if the vacant land owner has another house already in his name or wife name or unmarried children name. This vacant lands all over city is another reason for wealthy people holding land and sky rocketing prices. Any one who has no house & still holding land for house can be spared #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
   The whole country is looking you as a great reformer after the announcement of your decision of DEMONETIZATION. With a great hope i'm submitting my suggestion for MANDATORY IMPLEMENTATION OF DRIP IRRIGATION SYSTEM IN CANAL AREAS towards major efforts for water conservation and increasing the irrigation potential by at least 5 times using existing dams and increasing crop yield by at least 2 times by providing maximum subsidies.
#MyGov #MannKiBaat

0 0 Sir, I am Jiban Dangar,live in sonamukhi, Bankura,W.B. In many rural village their is no internet connectivity or no network for internet. sir I request you please decrease the charge of internet and avalablity of internet in rural area that make to help digital India.

0 0 Dear Modi Sir,
Please find my letter,
Thank you,
Govardhan K

1 0 Sir,about employment of youth,the study tells that people excel in that field which they have natural ability to thrive.One should understand himself as he grows in life through watching his/her own behavior since childhood, his tendencies, his strengths,weaknesses. Through understanding oneself,one can solve his own problem sand has a capacity to thrive in something which are his strengths in personality.Nobody in this world is created to waste his life. One should overcome weaknesses within.

1 0 Honourable Prime Minister sir,
I request you to kindly make it mandatory to account for each and every penny received by political parties from any source. The present limit of Rs 20000/- should be removed completely for which no receipt is required by amending the income tax act provisions in the Budget session applicable to political parties to receive donations.The account should be audited by the CAG and annual report put in public domain.This will go a long way in meeting the corruption.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी , नोटबंदी से देश में एक बदलाव की एक उमीद जगी सभी आम जनता आप के साथ खड़ी राहि लेकिन अंतिम समय में अपने राजनीतिक पार्टियों को जो नोट बंदी पर सहूलियत दी । एक आम जनता और गरीब के लिए सभी नियम बने है लेकिन एक उचे पद पर बैठे लोगो के लिए कोई नियम लागु नहीं हो रहे है. आप से अनुरोध है की ये नोट बंधी के नियम सभी लोगो और राजनीतिक पार्टियो पर भी लागु करे. अपने ही अपने एक कॉन्फरन्स में बोला था की मैंने किसी को ७२ गंटे का भी समय नहीं दिया। आप से अनुरोध है की नियम बनाये तो सभी के लिए सामान बांये

1 0 Dear Sir,
When doing train ticket reservation from Rajendra Nagar, Indore reservation counter, I had to do payment by cash. No card payment is possible for train ticket reservation from Railway reservation counter. Why payment by debit card is not allowed?

1 0 respected sir,
i think govt health system needs to change
as  specialist doctors are not ready to work in govt system because of only mismanagement.
doctors in govt hospital  are told to work other than their specialty no fix duty hours  hence they are leaving as there is wastage of their knowledge .
specialist doctor ready to work if there is proper management of their work .
please do needful

2 0 Respected sir
Corruption is major issue in our country and it will not be end until we have not taken a strong action against those who are involved in corruption.......
My suggestion is government has to pass a notification that if any bureaucrats found guilty he should be restricted from his post and non of his family member can join any government office in his whole life and also he should not eligible for government benefit as like pension.

0 0 Govt can open kiosks like STD booths to assist digitally illiterate people to make e transactions. License may be given to trained unemployed youth.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Demonetization is the best decision to remove black money & I hope every educated citizen will follow this but in small towns or in villages the people who don't have smart phones or digital knowledge are suffering due to this or using cashless while some people may misuse their bank accounts.The problem & condition of those poors is critical and miserable.For this there should be a team of volunteers in each area to give practical knowledge of using smart phones for cashless payments

0 0 9)डिजिटल भुगतान मे कई फायदे |बचेगा समय और आकर्षक छूट से होगा फायदा ||
10)ऑनलाइन रेल टिकेट बुक कराइये |१० लाख के बिमें का लाभ पाइये ||
11)सरकार का प्रयास | डिजिटल भुगतान की सुविधा हो सबके पास ||
12)डिजिटल भुगतान  सबके लिए लाभकारी|डिजिटल पेमेंट राष्ट्र के लिए हितकारी ||
13)इ बैलेंस  की सुविधा का करो चयन |हर तरह के पेमेंट करना आपके लिए होगा आसान |
14)जब सबकी होगी जनभागीदारी|डिजिटल भुगतान प्रणाली सबके लिए कल्याणकारी|
15)डिजिटल लेन देन होने लगेगा आर पर|तब कालाधन और भ्रष्टाचार री हो जायेगा तार

0 0 1)ऑनलाइन पेमेंट  करना आसान | डिजिटल पेमेंट में नही होता समय का नुकसान |
2)सरल सुरक्षित आसान | डिजिटल पेमेंट करना आसान |
3)डिजिटल बनिए सुरक्षित रहिये
4)LIC  किस्त ऑनलाइन भरिये | १०% तक की बम्पर छूट पाइये ||
5)ऑनलाइन भुगतान करो |धन व समय बचाओ ||
6)आसान सुरक्षित सुविधाजनक |डिजिटल पेमेंट करना लाभदायक ||
7)डिजिटल पेमेंट के वास्ते |सुरक्षित भुगतान के रास्ते ||
8)ऑनलाइन भुगतान का हिस्सा बनिए |सुरक्षित इकॉनमी मई भागीदार बनिए
डिजिटल भुगतान मे कई फायदे |बचेगा समय और आकर्षक छूट से होगा फायदा

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat December 2016, I want to suggest that, the great scheme of demonatisation by hon. PM, the appeal to be made to the common people to declare the amount deposited in the accounts on behalf of other person, One help line no. should be given to people in which the declaration can be made, further, the person who declare above, amount deposited will be owned by them, the amount of tax 49.90% will be deducted and bond of 25% and remaining 25% given to him on spot,best wishes

0 0 Dear PM,
It deserves to give great credit to the government of Tamil Nadu, the people and various agencies who have been able to ward off a great humanitarian problem by managing to reduce fatal casualties due to cyclone Vardha. The disaster preparedness of our country has been improving tremendously.

1 0 Dear modi sir,
       Mein 10th class ka student hun.Mein apko bolna chahta hun hum high school me bachon ko smart technology me barein mein kafi had tak jante he in.Jo offices ,daftar bagera Jo bhi jisme bhi log jyada nahin jante digitization ya phir kaise online money transaction karein unhe hum WO sikha sakenge ye mera request hein Ki aisa koi plan rakha jae aur humare school ko iske barein mein ek abhiyan suru karne Ki prerna dena chaiye

1 0 Modi Ji, please end the SC/ST Reservations by end of your 5-year term. it's been so long and still they are backward community. many privileged people are taking the benefits of that. It should be jobs for the Deserved and not Reserved. govt is creating a bridge between people by providing this perks to some communities. some laws favor the sc's while police cases etc. this should be abolished. we should believe in unity and diversity.

0 0 I am going to start some tag line please don’t see our “DIS” ability see only our solid potential different “ABILITY” in us. We don’t want any mercy hand from you people but we want your encouraging cooperative hand to us. My humble request to read pdf I have attached about Divyang persons heart full some words to our PM Mr Modiji about this month Mann Ki Baat for December 2016.

0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी
मेरा आप से यही सुझाव हैकि आप अपने देश में इतने फार्मासिस्ट की पढाई कर के नवजवान पड़े है आप उनका कुछ तो उपयोग करे अगर हर 4 से 5 गांव के बीच में एक फार्मासिस्ट नवजवान को नियुक्त करते है तो देश में चिकित्सा का भी बाढ़ आजायेगी और लोगो की खुशियां भी

0 0 Respected PM ji
I would like to share my experience on Corruption free society. By cutting down the means corruption never ends. After remonetisation, officials are still asking for bribes. If anyone follows the channel of complaint then officials pay the bribes to their Sr Officials and at end who suffers ? Common man. I had experience of defence life for 20 odd years, I personally think corruption in society never  finish until unless punishing measures are bold and transparent.whom to Trust?

0 0 dear sir,
petrol pumps and transport agencies have played a significant role in demonetisation case there are many who want to tell u realties but the corrupted media works for trp. its up to u what u want to make this contry.people have lot of hope to you. moreover just making a ban will end black money in india it is generated daily.a worker is not payed full wages. Govt schools, Hospitals are sinking lot of govt money but output nothing.Population control is no more targeted in your govt.

1 0 Respected Mr Modi Ji, please bring some strict rules and regulations during assembly meeting in both the houses all over the country. our leaders do not allow the other parties to speak and our hard earned money is wasted. as winter session was of total waste with crores of rupees spent on those sessions. Mr Vajpayee also once said in one video that our leaders should be sensible and talk when they are allowed to without causing any disturbance. what west thinks of our culture.

1 0 Namasthe modiji,*we could like to know about the steps that could be taken by the present anti blackmoney govt.against VIJAY MALLYA and LALITH MODI.
*We want the govt. to make all the payments to govt offices like electricity,water,etc. be made cashless.
*We want modiji to discuss regarding what will happen to the deposits made in the name of housewives by the  hard earned money of their husbands and what they have saved and have deposited in the banks by making many sacrifices.

0 0 सेवा मे,                                                    श्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी।                                      प्रधानमंत्री भारत ।                                                                                        महोदय,निवेदन इस प्रकार है की पेरॉलम्पिक कमेटी का गठन उत्तर प्रदेश मे नही है।जिसकी वजह से मेरठ के साथ साथ उत्तर प्रदेश के दिव्यांगों को सुविधा नही मिल पा रही है।

0 0 Dear Sir,
The absolute exemption of STs from Income Tax is a bane for our country. ST comprise a significant chunk of our population. Exemption can be given but income declaration must be made mandatory for all alike. Here are my suggestions:
1. Income Declaration must for all.
2. Relaxed/nominal tax of 1 to 5% may be imposed on income below a certain slab.
3. Those ST with above Rs20 lac anually does not need any exemption.
4. All declarations including assets must be verified by 3rd party

0 0 dear sir,
to stop corruption i request you to pass a rule that any person can have only one account. as it will be easy for goverment also to track.if a person deposit all money in one bank than its good.if some one is not satisfied with bank services he can change his bank like a person wish to choose mobile or internet operator.

0 0 dear sir, i just want to tell u one thing plz dont forgive loans of any one as every one start demanding and it is sending a negative image of govt. rather my suggestion is if govt forgive somebody loan, govt should purchase some shares of company by that that company owner also keeps working and govt gots rich.

0 0 Dear Sir,
We need to know by when new maternity   act 1961 would be implemented in pvt companies / Corporates. As of now it is 12 weeks only where as new guidelines has already been passed in Lok Sabha. Request if we have an fresh update on this.         Regards,                            Raman Katyal

0 0 Please Modiji please I want jallikattu to happen atleast in 2017 pongal it's in your hands it's my humble request.

0 0 Namste modi ji
sabse pahle to mai aapka aasirwaad chahta hun, or aapse sirf yahi gujaris karna chahta hun ki jis tarah se aap imaandari se kaam kr rhe hai, usi tarah se apni party k longo ko bhi sahi raaste pr chalaye , because in this time your party leader are demolishing your image , creating such wrong activity like smuggled banned note. and telling wrong world.

1 1 Sir suggest
1 As per your latest data 100 crore people have Aadhar card.
2:Rather than giving cheque book to people you should give them barcode stickers linked to aadhar card which in turn will be linked to SB & CA. Whoever does any transaction should stick barcode sticker on the bill or amount. Which will be transfered concerned persons adhar card linked account. These stickers can carry even currency value. I want to write more in detail but because of word restriction I can't.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Our government is trying hard to raise this point of giving practical (Pro industry) knowledge in higher education so that student graduating from universities and institutions have skills to compete in the world.
Indian universities and institutes have no teachers with industry background. There is no clause in UGC which lets industry professional to join academia.Professionals,leaving fat salary jobs for academia should be given attractive package and exemption from PHD.

1 0 हम कम सीसी मे स्ंवयचलीत दोपहीया वाहन का निर्माण करे उसमे उसका वजन कम रखे एवं उसका वेग अगर ३०/४० किमी तक सीमित करे ओर उसे १२साल से १६ साल तक के बच्चों के उपयोग योग्य बनाये तो उससे सभी को फायदा होगा
१ उसमे लागत एवं तकनीक कारखाने बनेंगे २ उससे रोजगार भी बढेगा ३ बेरोजगारी कम होगी ४ कोशल विकास मे सहायक होगा और उससे भी रोजगार बढेगा ५ बच्चो को वह वाहन सिखाने पडेंगे जिससे युवा लोगों को रोजगार की संभावना बढेगी ६ घरवालों को सुविधा रहेगी ७ सरकार को राजस्व मिलेगा और देश को तरक्की की और उन्नति होगी

0 0 Hon 'ble PM Sir! Namastey. 1. Please pay salary/honorarium /allowances to people representatives on basis of parliament quality working hours. 2. Please make a plan to purchase garbage from people under swach bharat. 3. Use voluntary organizations to give wide publicity on number of central government schemes please.

1 0 मा प्रधानमंत्रीजी सादर प्रणाम
जब भी मे शहरों मे यातायात देखता हूँ तो वहाँ पर बच्चों के लिए सायकल चलाने के लिए कोई स्थान नही है दो ओर चार पहियों वाहनों की वजहसे सायकल के लिए जगह नही रही
मजबूरन माँ या पिता को बच्चों को ट्यूशन या स्कूल छोड़ने जाना पड़ता है अगर दोनों काम करते है तो ओर मुश्किल हो जाता है
सुझाव यह है की अगर हम कम सीसी मे स्ंवयचलीत दोपहीया वाहन का निर्माण करे उसमे उसका वजन कम रखे एवं उसका वेग अगर ३०/४० किमी तक सीमित करे ओर उसे १२साल से १६ साल तक के बच्चों के उपयोग योग्य बनाये तो

1 0 it can be in form of capsule cone and caps in which solid
Liquid or semi liquid food can be serve and after that eat cup cone or plate will automatically reduce garbage again it will keep place clean also reduce water consumption require for cleanness of plates dishes cups you can serve anything from tea to lunch from dhokla to idly phapda to roti means 50% wastage will reduce Benefit-1. Reduce water consumption 2.Increase cleanness 3. Increase Employment 4.Increases skill 5. New technology

0 0 Dear sir,
I requested to you please forget the KCC loan for those farmers who cross the 60 + his age and they don't have any other sources for the money .
Thank you.

1 0 One view on cleanness as in railway bus restaurant hotel and marriage use eatable plates cups for lunch dinner as well for tea coffee which will reduce garbage in large quantity as well involve food technologist to invent the plates cups glass from food grains to help to increase employment make in India and cleanness drive at glance will help to reduce garbage drastically will help to reduce diseases and man power for cleanses it can be in form of capsule cone and caps in which solid

0 0 Maharaj,
Mai bhrastachar ke bare me kuch kahna hai. hamare desh ke sabhi kampani ke kam ko sarkari web site se jor dena chahie. compani ke sabhi dely ka kam on line connect kar dena chahiye taki unke production ke bare me pata chale aur profit ke bare me bhi pata chale. taki tax ke bare me anuman kiya ja sake.

0 0 पेट्रोल पंम्प पर कार्ड से पेट्रोल डालने पर एक या दो रुपये ज्यादा देकर बीमा मिल जाए तो सडक पर राहगीर को सुरक्षा प्रदान हागी और पेट्रोल कार्ड से डालने का लोग सोचने लगेंगे.

0 0 Dear PM,
There is an urgent need to pay attention towards our soldiers.
We should provide solution to each and every problem they face.
One of the major problems is protecting of our soldiers' lives.
We should protect our soldiers from terror attacks.
Bullet-proof jackets must be provided to each and every soldier.
Only compensation is not sufficient.
Prevention of soldiers from death is strongly recommended.
Thus, each and every soldier must be accompanied with bullet-proof jacket.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Please something do for the employee in private sector. In private sector we got minimum salary that is 8 thousands to 15 thousands. As you deside about PF that is minimum limit is fixed, as just like please you order to private company to fix the salary minimum 15 thousands.
Thks

0 0 Dear Hon. PM, Narendra Modiji
Many talented OBC students are facing a serious problem due to their caste. They can't apply for govt. jobs due to high application fees.
Conversely, SC/ST candidates pay less or no fees for the govt. exams as compared to OBC category candidates. It is totally injustice for OBC candidates.
I will request you to treat everyone as equal with no caste difference.
Thank you very much!
Jai Hind!

0 0 Man ki Baat suggestions:
1. Skilled india initiatives launched this month, I would suggest PM to talk about his vision and expectation from pubic to utilize this initiative.
2. Entrepreneurs challenges in rural or sub urban areas, gov initiative to promote entrepreneurs and job creation.

0 0 Dear Modiji & Team, I am sure that removing off reservation in India is very very difficult . To start removing this reservation, Those castes are fighting against for reservation in govt job/sector, each person should serve in Military and spend minimum 2-3 years. Once he/she served, eligible for govt Job in all the sector. Most of the educated or good people are not able serve due to reservation and few people making money by using in the form of Bribe.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I want to tell you about swachh bharat abhiyan. Sir, please focus on recycle all the wasted material. Just like plastic, paper and food material which is generally wasted material.
Some safai  karmachari not reached on the spot. On the some spot not show the dustbins.

0 0 To Save Girl & also avoid false fabricated cases by corrupt officer
Centralized Pregnancy Monitoring Software
All Pregnancy registration must be compulsory by Asha workers, first time visited doctors, even lab technician or medical stores.
Entry end result of all Pregnancy should also be compulsory even those terminated.
For 2nd trimester Pregnancy procedure & USG there must be special Dept in all govt hosp & allowed there only.
I've detail esp for software
DrRam Kumar
Surgeon
9871003596

0 0 To Save Girl & also avoid false fabricated cases by corrupt officer
Centralized Pregnancy Monitoring Software
All Pregnancy registration must be compulsory by Asha workers, first time visited doctors, even lab technician or medical stores.
Entry end result of all Pregnancy should also be compulsory even those terminated.
For 2nd trimester Pregnancy procedure & USG there must be special Dept in all govt hosp & allowed there only.So girl ratio will not be disturb.I've detail esp for software

0 0 To Save Girl & also avoid false fabricated cases by corrupt officer
Centralized Pregnancy Monitoring Software
All Pregnancy registration must be compulsory by Asha workers, first time visited doctors, even lab technician or medical stores.
Entry end result of all Pregnancy should also be compulsory even those terminated.
For 2nd trimester Pregnancy procedure & USG there must be special Dept in all govt hosp & allowed there only.So girl ratio will not be disturb.I've detail esp for soft

0 0 Finance Budget suggestion.

0 0 For Natural Girls Ratio
There should be
Centralized Pregnancy Monitoring Software
All Pregnancy registration must be compulsory by Asha workers, first time visited doctors, even lab technician or medical stores.
End result of all Pregnancy should also be compulsory even those terminated naturally or accidentally.
For 2nd trimester Pregnancy procedure & USG there must be special Dept in all govt hosp to allowed there only. So nobody will disturb.
I'll explain in detail about software.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
मैं आपसे विनम्र निवेदन करता हु की सर आप किसानों को ब्याज मुक्त ऋण उपलब्ध कराये।और अब तक का ब्याज माफ़ करें।
जो किसान समय (वार्षिक) ऋण चुकाते है उनपर 0% ब्याज लगना चाहिए। अगर समय से न चुका पाये तो यह भी देखा जाना चाहिए कही किसान की फसल प्राकृतिक आपदा से ख़राब तो नहीं हो गई। अगर फसल वास्तव में ख़राब हो गई तो उससे ब्याज नहीं लिया जाना चाहिए। जो सबकुछ सामान्य होने के बाद भी समय से न चुकाये उससे वाजिब ब्याज वसूला जाना चाहिए। और यह छोटे किसानों के लिए होना चाहिए।
धन्यवाद

0 0 Dear PM ji, My suggestion for few categories
*Young generation : Education *Farmers : ROI (IOT) *Old : Free Health care and medicine

0 0 Respected Sir,
I've some questions related to demonetisation in India. Your step towards the cashless India required some prerequisites, like electricity all over India, stable internet connection all over India, enough education and related items related to online transactions. But in our present time the education and economy of India is not in that line. To success of this, it is required to educate all over India and provide electricity all over India and provide internet at low rate.

0 0 Resp Prime minister,
Pranam.
Herewith attaching file regarding taxation.
This is a sincere request to go through.
Thanking you with regards,
Dr Shantanu G Kulkarni

0 0 PM told on 15th Aug "we have implemented 6 week maternity leave for woman".Which is completly wrong.Bill has passed in last day in RS in monsoon ssn(Govt is least interested about woman benefit!?) And due to inefficiency could not pass in LS(cant blame oposition as last day LS worked,few bill passed not this one).As per info PMO has rejected plea for ordinance.If you teally honour indian woman can you pls declare the effectivenes of this from 1st january as new year gift nd justify your word

0 0 Respected sir
Maan ki baat is proceed in a respective units of
time.the discussion about many schemes and
social dimension is a best part of this elementary units.Then the delivery is overcome in an order.this demonetization is a primary step of this decision and go away in a forward
path  of development.the second factor is constitutional value of any institution joined in a
parallel way.then this country complete a circular pattern of recognizing value and fulfilled in a nation spirit.

1 0 Resd/Sir,
My request you to have drinking water facility in each of compartments or 2-3 points in each of the train and should work by using Barcode facility. If train tickets have Barcode and each ticket should eligible for 300-500ml will help us  for long journey people. If its charged very nominal price also fine and will help to aged people and in emergency situation. Now a days drinking water became very costly and not every person have to buy mineral water due to money,quality,taste etc.

1 0 The process of getting government job is difficult
>  less  cut off marks for  some categories and high cut off marks for some categories
this brings inequality in selection.
i hate this  type of inequality.
>  documents to be submitted for joining govt jobs.  caste certificate is mandatory for some government jobs. it has to be eliminated.
> government job exams are so irrelevant to the nature of work    OR  the we do  after getting appointed

1 0 Respected Sir,
A parliamentary panel has recommended revamping existing schemes for persons with disabilities and formulation of new ones to cover more homeless and destitute PWDs.
It has recommended that the Department of Empowerment of PWD Persons in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment formulate a national policy for PWDs on the lines of the National Policy for Older Persons.
Please direct the concerning ministry and departments to act upon the recommendations expeditiously.

1 0 Sir,I am sending some of my opinion to make my country totally cashless.
1.Electric Supply to all over my country.
2.Free internet connection to all over my country.
3.Continue offer for users of online marketing.
4.Compulsory subject in schools on digital marketing.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Kindly consider our ideas in Mann ki Baat and Digital Finance Program.

1 0 PURCHASED PETROL FROM HINDUSTAN PETROLUIM OUTLET FROM S K PETROL STATION,PATNA FOR RS 2290/-
BUT THE AMOUNT WAS DEBITED FROM MY UCO BANK ACCOUNT RS 2355/-. THEREFORE RS 65/- WAS DEBITED MORE.
 THIS IS IN CONTRAVANTION OF OUR PM'S WISH. I HAVE KEPT THE RECEIPT AND SMS FROM THE BANK FOR THE RECORD IF YOU NEED.

2 0 #MyGov #MannKiBaat #PMonRadio Sir, pl consider advising all banks, private or PSUs, to link all government agencies or departments including electricity, insurance, all Schools & Colleges for admission & monthly fees, Metro, Toll Smart cards, Gas, courts' & lawyers' fees, Registry, Municipal Corporations, DTH etc.. Middle class would be immediate beneficiary of it. Right now, we're solely dependent on digital Wallets.

2 0 Hello Modi ji
I am looking out  for  a  government
1.  where
there  would be no  reservation  on the  basis of caste categories.
All  should be treated  equally
2.  Government  exams  are  irrelevant to  the  work  we  are  going to do  after  getting  appointment
so  the  exams  covers  the  subjects  which  are  irrelevant to   the  work.
Getting  government job is become tough process.
I hope  Modi ji will  do  some changes  to these  things.
Thank you Modiji
Jai hind

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ,
" मनकी बात" के मध्यम  से  आप उत्तर प्रदेश के लोगों को आशवष्त करे की हर परिबार को ऐक सरकारी नौकरी दी जाएगी हो जातपात से मुक्त होगी , आज स्थिति ये है कि किसी परिबार के सारे के सारे  सरकारी नौकरी मे है वही  हज़ारो परीबार ऐसे होंगे जो शिकक्षित होने पर भी नौकरी से महरूम है  इसमे आप चाहे तो महिलाओ को प्राथिमिकता  दे सकते है
-जगमोहन मिश्रा -923/२, मानस नगर , कानपुर रोड , लखनऊ-उ.प्र.

0 0 All western counties have advanced since corruption & misappropriation of funds are low. More funds goes for country development.India can also become advanced like western counties if we follow zero tolerance policy on corruption & misappropriation of funds. What is lacking is govt willpower for obvious reasons.Let us use the demonotization as a new path for India's growth

0 0 मैं एक 32 वर्षीय दिव्यांग हूँ मेरे लिए रेल्वे से सफर करना(सामान्य कोच) लगभग असंभव ही हो गया है,क्योंकि कोच संकरे होने की वजह से व्हील चेयर अंदर नही जा पाती।
1.  नये कोच का निर्माण करते समय इस बात का ध्यान रखा जाना चाहिए कि उनके दरवाजे इतने चौड़े हों के व्हील चेयर भीतर जा सके।
2. देश भर के रेल्वे प्लेटफार्म पर हवाई अड्डे पर उपलब्ध व्हील चेयर की तरह  व्हील चेयर उपलब्ध करवाई जाए क्योंकि एकदम से प्रत्येक कोच में बदलाव करना संभव नही होगा।
3. हर छोटे से छोटे शहर में भी रैंप की व्यवस्था की जाए।

0 0 All people are aware of various corruption happening except the govt.How come?If govt is serious, most of the corrupt persons can be caught in no time. Any licence,any approvals,any action involving govt authorities whether state or centre does not happen without corruption.So reliable & committed vigilance personnel can  easily catch the corrupt.

0 0 Modiji please share your inputs on SBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters, including Vijay Mallya’s defunct airlines
Why bank who are so cruel on middle class and lower middle class loan who takes bank loans for their dream homes.Why they are exempted??
Rich and poor should be on the same balance of justice.
On judiciary as well people are loosing faith as Salman Khan,Jayalalitha were released nor arrested showing some silly reasons.Please share on this during your talk

2 0 Advantages:-
1. pollution & dust & dirt free ground level.
2. can effectively work on decreasing diseases & flu which appears due to dust, dirt & smoke pollution.
3.easily detectable from far if the trucks have a certain height of exhaust (silencer) which will show if the smoke is very black and is unacceptable by the law.
4.pollution will go directly into the air.
5. the height of exhaust should not create problems for barrack gates or railway crossings etc.
Dhiren Patel.
09724826500.

1 0 Respected Sir,
I have Some of the innovative ideas for #mygov and #Mannkibaat to share....
1) There should be 10% share of all of the movies revenue i.e. Box Office Collection should be distributed to the poors,
2) There should be Solar Paneled Roofs on the Railway Coaches and Public Transport Vehicle that will be used as an Clean Energy,
3) TRAI should ban the Roaming in all of states of India for all mobile operators...
Thank You
Stay tuned for more ideas....:)

1 0 Sir please include ncc as compulsory education in school curriculum so that national character of citizens build and love for nation develop. Thanks

2 0 Dear sir,
All government land registration, transport like bus, railway ticketing, allow ATM card swipeing for collect tickets.. in government sector implement cashless transection..

1 0 The Govt should make some measure and rules for the companies of makers of heavy vehicles likes trucks, buses, etc for the pollution emission coming out from it directly in contact with the people on road which is usually faced down or backwards. the makers should increase the size of exhaust (silencer) at the top of the engine cabin like other foreign countries do have.
i will give my advantages for the same in a next message.
to be continued...

1 0 When a lawbreaker is caught red handed doing any illlegal activity which invites very strict punishment, then he should be convicted immediately. His face should be shown to the public. In rape, acid throwing cases and other violences against girls, children and aged women, the humilated victims or her relatives should be given one chance to bash up the culprit publicly. This will convey a  positive message to the society and any person  will think twice before indulging in such activities.

0 0 Suggestion to curb Black Money and corruption:
Please limit cash spending upto Rs.5000 only in cash.
Above Rs.5000 all spending should be made mandatorily by digital mode. All business firms should be restricted with cash receipts only upto Rs.5000 per invoice. All properties and assets should be mandatorily purchased by Digital mode. Ex: Land, Flat, House, Gold, etc. This would mean that black money cannot be used to buy anything more than Rs.5000. Control cash spending is the only solution.

0 0 दिव्यांग के लिए लाया गया विधेयक ऐतिहासिक है पर क्या उसे ट्राई साइकिल देकर उसकी विकलांगता का मजाक नही बना रहे है
ये सब देने से क्या इनकी दिव्यांगता कम हो जायेगी क्या वो सामान्य जीवन जी सकते है?
दिव्यांग को चाहिए सिर्फ शिक्षा
क्योंकि शिक्षा मिलने से दिव्यांग को अपनी विकलांगता का एहसास नही होगा
इसके लिए सर्वप्रथम एक ऐसी व्यवस्था लागू करनी होगी जिससे की दिव्यांग एक जगह से ही सभी सुविधाओं का लाभ उठा सके
दिव्यांगो के लिए ऐसी विश्वविद्यालय की स्थापना की जाये,जहाँ BA, MA की पढ़ाई से अलावा शोध भी हो

0 0 Govt should open a secured website where people can feed details of all corrupt persons & details of corruption indulged by them. The govt should acknowledge each input fed by the people & then also communicate back action taken by them on probing the input & backup action taken by them. Govt should come out with a strong & effective law for punishing corrupt persons

0 0 The major problem  impeding India's growth is corruption & misappropriation of funds by politicians & bureaucrats at all levels & in all public departments.Since very few get caught & get punished majority are not worried in corruption.This leads to huge black money generation. While demonetization is an effective & roundabout way of tackling black money, the direct way consists of catching & punishing offenders .Govt should open a website for people to feed details of corrupt persons

0 0 POPULATION CONTROL.
1) Honorariums to the mothers who have not more than two children.
2) Honorariums should not be less than Rs3000
3) the mother will get the honorariums till her second child reach 18
4) they will be recruited for developing society of
5) They will observe the public works around their inhabitation
6) without their clearance no bill will be passed
7) religion, caste, will be no bar
8) they will help the women for education
9) they will observe the activities of ICDS

0 0 Dear sir kindly add language selection option in *99# service as most of the targated people are unable to understand English which is the only available language.we should add a language selection menu so that more and more people can get benefitted using their own languages and also feel confident using this service for banking transaction.

0 0 Dear Sir..  Please do create and well advertise the email/phone numbers where the common man can report anyone who is generating unaccounted cash. People can report this anonymously. Having common man on board, who is often forced to pay in cash, will be a game changer for future. ( PG hostels and rooms around education hubs, who provide for short stays like few weeks coaching, internships etc remain such hubs of generating unaccounted cash). Accountability should be fixed in system as well.

0 0 Digital E-STICK,digi techno govt schools,rail GANGA schemes,village development centers,bhandaara for old age persons,

0 0 Hello Mr. Prime Minister, Wish you Very Good Health!
I am an IT Engineer and I receive Sodexo Coupons of INR 2200 each month, for TAX rebate purposes. Can this be possible that instead of these Sodexo Coupons, I get INR 2200 of PayTM money with the same TAX rebate benefit.
Thank You.

0 0 Dear sir,
please make all ATM/credit cards etc.. of number based PIN maintaining is difficult.  difficult for  operate illiterates.Difficult to control hackers. so we try to adopt biometric pin system with existed cards may be more safe from hackers and it is easy to operate the illiterates. we have already aadhar registration of 2-eye and 10-fingers. i think it is easy to change number based ATM card pin to ATM card with fingerprinting / iris scan pin. i hope it may work.. thanking you sir..

4 0 Respected sir
Please find attached file for my views

0 0 Dear Shri Narendra Modiji(Prime Minister of India)
 We would like to request on behalf of Epf employee do no reduce Epf Interest Rates.
Because all is depending on pension scheme not any more invest in future.Please consider

0 0 Sir there is too much major issue of un employment in our country.
As per labour act 8 working hrs are mandatory.I suggest if it will reduce to 6 hrs
Everyone will get job & the unemployment problem can be solve

0 0 Correction: honorariums to those all mothers who have child 0 to 10 years. Please do something for Controlling POPULATION.

0 0 Sir,
1.Adhar Card will be much safer using for on line marketing because There is no pin code required to enter, other than thumb impression to conform transaction, even no hacker will do any things or crack this.
2.	Railway ticketing smart card could be design and introduce to do the shopping all over India like VISA and debit card

0 0 Passport is best identity card,everybody can work for each other from all over world. Religion of humanity can be served more efficiently. We know each other means we will serve each other. Regards, Pradeep Kumar,Sikar

1 0 all Urban,Rural citizens having mobile linked Bank A/C should use USSD,UPI ,digital payments for Zero Q at Bank & ATM ; government provided facility, please stop self  harassment ; and free all 1,2,5,10,20,50,100 rupee currency be used by uneducated ,non facilitated citizens.   Honest people are doing well.

0 0 The mothers who will come under CONTROL POPULATION AND CORRUPTION scheme they will be recruited for observing all the public works around their society. Without their clearance no bill will be passed. They will arrange workshop for the women weekly in community hall. Reward and power. NO LAW CAN CONTROL POPULATION. OUR RELIGIOUS THINKING WILL RESIST.

1 0 Sir, Required ur comment sometime for encourage the people of this Forum----we canot get any feedback for betterment

0 0 Dear sir I would like to suggest that paise in the sense coins from 10 to 50 Fisicaly not available  in market but gov when hike the price of petrol 2.21,Diesel rs 1.79
How it possible so please cancel these paise

0 0 Dear PM ji, agar aap garibo ko seeshe labh dena chahte hai to unko bina biyaj(rate) ke lone de higher education ke liye education lone ko rate free kar dejeye.thankyou sir

0 0 #MannKiBaat Traffic is a big concern; with better planning, it can dramatically reduce number of road accidents.

0 0 Modi tata (Tata means gradfater in Kannada), Most of my journies are in train, Observed that locally collected Garbage and wastes are dumped near railway tracks outside cites. Due to this entire city will looks unhealthy and not to stay. Could you please take some action, if local government/panchyat/rurual/village managements/concerned departments are not taking action to clean and those cities will not get benefited from Central govt benefits.

0 0 Sir, please speak about 'Giving way to ambulances and other emergency vehicles on the road'. During the commonwealth games, rightmost lane was reserved for CWG vehicles. If that can happen, why not this. We lose many lives due to this. Please promote 'RIGHT LANE LIFE LANE'. Thank You. Pranava Priya 9717273388.

0 0 This is to bring to your notice about malpractices and social maladies in NGOs. The CSOs and NGOs are the direct ambassadors of the people. They are critical agents, as being a liaison between the Government and the people, and hence should refrain from any activity that shall infringe national unity and integrity. In such instances, official interference to restrain illegal activities may have to be resorted with. Therefore, the NGOs have to be regulated and regularised so as to ensure national

0 0 mat be it should help to reduce rail accident

1 0 I am working on new three wheel system at the place of 1 wheel
Two small wheels and one large wheel are component of this system. Large wheel on which trains run are supported by two small wheels by side to side so, they add stability to the main wheel.they will be self-adjustable at the curve or turning point
Two support wheels provide support to the main wheel at turning at high speed.
main wheel hold tracks tightly and doesn't go off the track even at high speed.

0 0 Population control is not a challenge anymore. With few steps of central Govt can control population. WE HELP INDIA TO CONTROL POPULATION AND CORRUPTION scheme. Under this scheme the mothers who have TWO or less child can enlist their names under this scheme. An honorariums of not less than Rs3000 will be given to those mothers who have TWO or less child. For all those mothers whose younger child is not less than 10 years. They will arrange workshop to educate women. And power and control over,,

0 0 #MyGov Sir, I'm a R&D Leader by profession, a patentee and a sociopreneur. Would be honored if my skills could be considered useful for your strategic planning team. Jai Hind!

0 0 Respected Pradhan Mantriji, hamara desh America jaisa ho jana chahiye, Vision 2020 by Hon'ble Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalamji, how can we achieve his vision and your vision, those who read this post and who are interested may please kindly post their steps to acheieve this vision.Thanks.Warm Regards.

0 0 Modi Tata(Tata means in Kannada Grandfater),
I have observed locally collected Garbage and waste will be dumped near by railway tracks which is outside of the cities. Due to this, cities looks very poor/bad and unhealthy air is forming around the city. Could you please share/action, If local management/government/panchyat/rurual/village governments are not actioning/clearing will get punished and not getting any benefits from central government. During night garbage are buried with fire.

0 0 we all know that railway is lifeline of India.  the level of railway safety is  gradually declining with the increase in rail accident. that's why i wrote to pm a sort note describing how to decrease rail accident.science will help us to get out of this problem.

1 0 One of the fastest ways to enable people to adopt digital transactions would be Aadhar Enabled Payment System (AEPS) as it requires only fingerprint for authentication based on Aadhar Number.This will eliminate identity theft, will avoid ordinary persons falling into trap of scamsters using social engineering techniques to steal card related information, avoid card skimming and cloning and most importantly will facilitate the transactions at bare minimum cost. No need for Debit Cards.

0 0 I am shrinivas v deshpande. complaint dated: 10/12/2016. Ek637545237IN..Karnataka hubli-580025. Navanagar
police comissioner is not giving any response and security to my daughter.

0 0 Sir,
As we know so much of corruption is going in government sector like revenue and MRO office and in other areas if is you take a bill which will take stringent action against them the successors won't get that idea of corruption ever again.Our dream that is transparency will come possible if this happens and that debate on election system also will work for us bcz it will reduce the cost of elections and improves reforms

0 0 R/sir
 I appreciate your step of demonetization as i have suggested on oct program. But you ara misguided by your advisers to crub its impact by printing new notes of 2000. Which have failed your this step. There are so many other mode of payments i.e chaqe payment, account to account transfer and other recommended by you after demonetization.

0 0 Sir
Please make a separate portal for swatch bharat .Ask People to be part by enroll in abhiyan as many it can above 15 age.
They will get a online registration card for this abhiyan.
Now they all people are allowed to take penalty of Rs 20/- if anyone caught being area polluted.
It is also necessary that they (card holder) will get full support from all government authorities to do so. Also poeple surrounding him will also support him to charge penalty from defaulters.
Regards

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Shree Modiji,
(Ref. Maan Ki Baat Nov 2016) Inspired by your Clarion call on black money, counterfeit notes, Kaladhan etc.. students of SBNP International School Conceived a film "The Black Hole" we KBPPL supported & guided creatively & technically in the complete process. Do visit the youtube link and share your valuable comments. https://youtu.be/Ezklb5F2bfk

0 0 I fully endorse the demonetisation move and to a great extent even the implementation given the mammoth task undertaken with innumerable uncertainties and innovative means of beating the system with the typical Indian brilliance.
Less cash economy is a brilliant attempt and we all support and will promote it wholeheartedly.
MAKE IT LESS CASH ECONOMY AND A CASHLESS POLITICAL FUNDING ECONOMY which only will credibility.  What you do speaks so loudly that what you say we cant hear!

0 0 500 and 1000 ke not band karne ke liye thankyou

2 0 i have sent my views on railway development. but it seems like that nobody cares .
i wrote to prime minister on the topic related to the rail accident.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Shri Modiji, Humble Namaskar. Following is a sample Wellness Report i recently compiled showing ranks of India in key welfare and justice areas. Perhaps a better India Wellness Report can be prepared from sample on my website at http://bharathkumark.simplesite.com/425348211 for evaluating in Parliament in regular intervals. Thanking You
Bharath Kumar K.
Chennai
Jai Hind

0 0 Dear Sir,
What if someone see that someone is changing other's money & develring a huge amount of money? where to complain, whom to complain? If give this information to any police man then that police man take commission & ignore that money transffering, then?

0 0 Digitization - We should target the aware set of people who are anyone up to 45 years living in urban, semi urban, small towns, and then connected rural areas. That leaves very miniscule section of people who are old, really unaware (not uneducated) living really remote areas without any banking or connectivity. That section of people can continue to do cash transaction. That anyway would be very small and hence not taxable technically/practically. Thanks.

0 0 Sir ji namaskar I have a great idea of socioeconomic revolution which is a business idea.however I don't have knowledge of business plan writing neither I have enough money to pay for it and implement.so my request and suggestion to you.like me there are many amateur entrepreneurs in India please provide free mentoring services and funding for such amazing great idea.for my idea to present to you please give me some way to reach you

0 0 Dear PM,
Please stop doing these poor activities like swach bharat abhiyan, also you are charging to all common man against it which is of no use.
You own system need swach (mostly government system).
Please read this.
http://www.bhaskar.com/news/UP-LUCK-newborn-baby-died-in-mothers-lap-new...

0 0 SIR,
solar system price in india KAM KR

0 0 प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
सादर नमस्कार,
आपके कुशल नेतृत्व में देश आगे बढ़ रहा हे पर सरकारी मशीनरी आज भी लापरवाह हे और गैर जिम्मेदार हे, जबकि देश के बजट का एक बहुत बड़ा भाग इन लोगों को वेतन और अन्य सुविधाएँ देने में हो रहा हे. अब वक्त आ गया हे जब जवाबदारी का कानून बनाया जाए और हर कर्मचारी को इसके अधीन लाए जाए,हर काम की समय सीमा तय और जनता को बे-वजह परेशां करने वाले लोगों को कार्यवाही कर सीधे घर बिठाया जाए .
धन्यवाद  !
महेंद्र सिंह गेहलोत
इंदौर रोड बेटमा जिला इंदौर

0 0 Farming as an industry

0 0 Respected Modi Sir,
I appreciate your work and initiatives however i would to divert you to thousand of people who are working so far from his/her hometown and want to participate in voting which is individual right. Every-time we are not participating and our vote is getting waste.
Requesting you to please launch some application or other system so that we can also give our valuable vote to select the best candidate/party.
Thanks and Regards
INDIAN

0 0 Respected Sir,
We are working in IIT Roorkee. I want to request that in Official Account of any Institute have saving account and as per RBI guidelines in saving account only a person can get Rs 24000/ only. But in this regard I want to request that there must be not limitation in the Official Account. In the personal Account is is ok. it is our humbly request that please look into this matter.
With regards,
DKUpadhya

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
I Think it is high time to have a change in traffic regulations,private contractors are hired to tow the vehicles,who tow the vehicles even when it is parked in legitimate places which dont say it is no parking zone,these people damage the vehicles and citizens are told to speak directly to these contractors related to damages. And the way we the citizens are mistreated is different story alltogether.
Common people are impacted by this daily.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Sir,IGNOU is offering Elementry and Secondary leval teachers' training.The training is for teachers who are in service.But it is noticiable that teachers,who are in service in Public and Private schools are unable to get teaching certificates.The authorities of schools do not take interest in providing certificates.Then IGnou should set other crateria.

0 0 sir your step towards demonitization is good.but sir for cashless & digital india we youngs need accessories like laptop ,android mobile for our study .every person not higer this due to economacally weakness.so sir I kindly request to gov takes step towards this for bright future of India.I am student of engineering & their are more student like me need your help. use a corrupt money for student to makes them white . jay hind

0 0 Dear PM Modiji,
You love all and the best PM.Please give me chance in your team for my total involvement to support your movement. I am experienced in many business fields and also licensed civil engineer will be helpful for best cities planning ring roads/metro etc.I am having mastery in land acquisition for fast growth.
I am hard working,believing in humanity. I suffered badly in land business due to revenue dept & our judiciary system.Change in laws/systems is must.Waiting for reply.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Your dream for a cash less society is very very good. But in my opinion to make it a success we have to make every Indian educated to a minimum level so that they can handle the mobile. New procedure should be taken so that illiterate people can get the benefits of cash less society.
Yours,
Asit Kumar Aich

0 0 Modi ji please take One stood dicision in the matter of Pakistani Hindus,In Pak Minority Hindus are dying because of torture given by Pakistani people/gov.Thousands of people are already killed&Sexualy harrassed but no Indian gov was taken proper action,In Pak  thousands of Hindus are waiting for Indias visa,please take care of this ji,Pak Hindus are waiting for your help,they are waiting to come back to their motherland.This is  my humble request,I hope you will take care of this
Thankyou

0 0 train pe aap atm ya fir har boggy pe aap swipe machine provide kariye.......

1 0 Respected Sir,
We respect your vision. Every step towards betterment of India is good. What you have done that is good for the country, so never get disheartened if any mission is failed. It may fail because of corrupt persons but not for your steps. Tomorrow will be yours, I am sure.
Yours,
Asit Kumar Aich

1 0 respected Sri Modiji, recently Chief Justice of India has shown concern over people waiting in long queue for depositing / changing currency notes. i would request you to ask chief Justice of India what steps he has taken to shorten the queue in court where poor people are waiting for thirty to forty years to get judgement(not justice). if cap is put on adjournment i am sure there will be sixty percent improvement. in the present situation the litighant looses his health as well as wealth.

0 0 modiji...jyada kuch nahi kehna ujhe...bas kabhi bhi jarurt ho to ek bar iss chote bahadur bacche ko bhi yaad kariyga....desh ke sewa ke lie ye hamesa ready hai...

0 0 Dear Mr. Prime minister Ji,
This is Balaji from Chennai. I am writing this suggestion on behalf of Digital India.
I am working in a private concern. Since you are trying to make all the  cash transaction as cash less why the All the Sales Tax check post of State entry can be made as cash less Check post. Which will give a clear income to the government. There will not be any manipulation on the check post. Hope you will look into that.
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely
E.S.Balaji

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Modiji,
I wish to congratulate you for demonitization. It encourages me as a citizen to know that a person capable of  taking strong decision to address India's perennial issues is leading us.
I urge you to make the option of Digital Voting available by 2019. We currently have appx 65% voters voting in elections. Digital Voting can increase voting to over 90%. It also lowers the hurdle for the young first time voters to vote, improving their say in politics and policies

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, 
My word in the attachment says it all.
Thanking you.
Deepika Saboo.

0 0 cashless india karne ke lie modiji apko all
india wifi free karni hogi....

0 0 Sir,
Quality Agency for Small Business only
In Our Country there are large number of small manufactures in villages,small towns but are not aware of Quality standard, and there is no such agency to recognize these small manufactures , can a new line of agency be created who will give certification to these small manufacturers(carpenter, tin box maker, shoe maker etc ) It might help them to get higher price of their product and they will be able to compete higher.

1 0 Dear Sir,
We JCI Jagdalpur City is a NPO working towards the sustainable development of people in Bastar region. As an initiative we organized an event "ROJGAR SAATHI" to provide job opportunities to the people of remote villages and minority community in Bastar. We had taken more than 300 interviews and out of which 259 people got jobs. This was an outstanding effort to fight against the Naxalites and unemployment of this region.
Here below is the detail of the event.
#Mannkibaat

1 0 apka note bandi ka decission bahut sahi hai.thodi dikaat aa rhi hai lekin future pe sab thik hoga..lekin note bandi ke sat sat ky aap ladki ke rape bandi ke lie kuch nahi kar sakte?aaye din naye naye rape case dikhne ko milte hai.ladki aazad ho kar bhi aazad nahi hai.unki aazadi ke lie apki kadam aage badhaeye.
har rapist se mere taraf se sirf 2 line....
balatkaar nahi karne se maardgani kam nahi hogi
ladki ko bhi aazadi se jine do wo bhi ladko se kam nahi hogi....

0 0 Online Cash deposit in SUKANYA SAMRIDHI YOJANA Should be implemented as like every bank account deposit. RAKESH KUMAR PANDA, KENDRAPARA, ODISHA.

0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir,First of all a very big thank u for the efforts of curbing blackmoney & digital India initiative. Can there be any amendment in Motor Vehicle Act? Diff states has their own MV Act imposed. In case of transfer of a pvt 4W from one state to another, the owner has to pay for change in registration & road tax which was already paid in the original state of regn. Though provision to claim the balance tax amnt is available,but one regn for one India will streamline many issues we face.

0 0 Concern: Submit Self-Attested Xerox Copies of PAN, Aadhar etc. at various offices.
Suggestion: Request you to explore and consider developing a Digital Platform wherein such Documents can be made available in E-Form to the respective offices.

0 0 PRIME MINISTER Mr. Narendra Modi
sir,
I want to state that I am poor student preparing for JEE. The common problem which we students face is the fees of entrance exams as these are not affordable also there are several poor children unfortunately belongs to general category are unable to fill-up the forms. So, If you focus on this issue like several poor children will thankful to you.
Yours' Obediently
Abhimanyu
OUAT-Rs.1000
JEE MAIN-Rs.1000
AIPMT-Rs.1600
JEE ADV-Rs2400
BITSAT-Rs.2000

1 0 Respected sir whole nation is proud to have you as our beloved PM in this war against corruption and black money. Sir for bigger cause of less cash economy I would like to put my suggestion for your kind consideration and if useful in your views then please introduce the batua account with limit of rs 30000 per month and full guarantee of refund in case of any fraud by the bank with out involvement of police with in ten days. Sir the brief details are attached Regards. Raghubir Singh

0 0 In continuation with previous mail, for SUKANYA SAMRIDHI YOJANA, Online payment should be declared by the Govt. otherwise Like me every one will take leave from office in every deposit. Waiting your kind step. RAKESH KUMAR PANDA, 9438068117

0 0 Sir,
I have opened the Sukanya samridhi account in PNB,Mohanadi vihar, cuttack before 5 months,but till date passbook has not supplied yet. I am in cloud that whether my cash is being deposited in SSA or not. What to do? The bank staff are saying that when the passbook will be received by the bank, after that, the same will be given. In trust on you I have deposited, what to do next??? rakesh.gmel@gmail.com.

0 0 Respected PM,During yr recent Kanpur rally ,you have deliberated on the point of holding a single election covering Lok Shabha,State Assemblies & local body like municipal,panchayat elections.This is indeed a very good move to curb wastage of public money which can otherwise be utilized for other good projects for the poor of the country.As a move towards a cashless economy which curbs Black Money and corruption,you may please enact law that all funding of the Political parties must be online.

1 0 Honourable Prime Minister Sir,
Now attack on real estate & land sir,coz black money invested in land and real estate now normal flat price is above 40 lakhs who can bare ,enquire all the bunglows and flat who's price above 70 lakhs

0 0 just talk about pacl group scam. biggest scam of pearls group .because many people are awaiting for money

0 0 Make cashless payment option available at all tollgates across India's National Highways and Roadways. There was never a better time to achieve this than now. Pay before the journey or near the source (toll gates) via. mobile payments and other online methods, which get acknowledged by an SMS to the payee from a central server. It would ease the traffic congestion. Citizens want to feel like living in a developed nation. We are, but we are not made to through many archaic habits and practices!

0 0 I give make few suggestion please be accepted thanking you

0 0 Master route plan for forest route maps with techno advance plan. Master swatcha schemes and design a vehicle for swatcha Bharat with techno based and using natural power usage

0 0 Sir,demonetization has had no effect on the might and the corrupt as most of them are associated with political parties and have been effectively using the donation cap of  less than ₹20000 available to parties to show their money as donation in units of less than 20k in the party's bank a/c's in return for a cut.Sir why only as usual only the poor and the common man have to suffer in demonitization? Was this loophole specifically left out to convert the holdings of rich and corrupt?

0 0 Honorable PM sir
firstly congrats you for Demonetization
after that I want to share ideas regarding Digital payments
i want to tell you sir make a rule  strictly for some places where cash are not accepted only digital payament are allowed
1-petrol pump
2-toll tax
3-All type doctor(government and privet)
4-school fee especially for public school and universities campus
5-railways window ticket
6-bus ticket
7-registered medical shop
8- electric bill
above 5000 cash are not allowed

0 0 Continuing to my previous submission:
I bought sweets in lucknow from Gayatri sweets, Rajajipuram Lucknow(near old tempo stand).It costs me 740 rs. I asked him to swipe debit card instead of cash. Then he told me it will charge me 797 rs in case of card payment. These kind of act of shopkeepers are surely hiccups to the cashless economy. I mentioned shop name deliberately so that if officials want they can check. I just want you to think on these scenarios as well.

0 0 Hi Sir,
I am fully supporting demonitization of currency and going for cashless economy but I just want you to pay attention on ground level. I am ready to pay cashless every where but our shopkeepers are not willing to have the swipe machines or e-wallet. So we are compelled to give cash. Let me tell you one incident.

0 0 Respected PM , recently chief Justice of india has shown concern about the long queue at the bank for depositing/changing currency note. on behalf of millions of litigants i would like to ask CJI what steps he has taken to reduce the queue in the court of the people who make round of the court for thirty to forty years to get judgement. if the court check the adjournments, only this will save a lot of time resource and money of both the government, court and the litigants.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार !
१.निजी विद्यालयों में पढ़ाने वाले शिक्षकों के स्तिथि पर विचार करें और उनके लिए भी कोई योजना लायें |
या शिक्षकों को ऐसे अवसर प्रदान करवाएं जिससे वो अपनी कुशलता का परिचय दे सकें|
२.सरकारी कर्मचारियों एवं अफसरों को यह अनिवार्य किया जाए की वो अपने बच्चों को सरकारी संस्थानों में ही पढ़ायें इससे सरकारी विद्यालयों एवं उच्च संस्थानों की गुणवत्ता सुधर जायेगी |अन्यथा उन्हें टैक्स में छूट न मिले और न ही योजनाओं का लाभ मिले |

2 0 Honourable Prime Minister Sir,
We know that each currency note has a span of life approx. 2-3 years if it is in constant circulation.
My idea is to PRINT AN EXPIRY DATE on each curreny note.
For example:
A 2000 Rupee note printed at mint on 1/1/2017 has an expiry date of 31/12/2019 printed on it.
All expired notes can only be deposited in bank account or exchanged over bank counter.
At any point of time no currency with validity more than 2 years will be in circulation.
Thank You

0 0 Its so disturbing that the education in our country has become a business. I will give 2 suggestions:
1. Regulate the fee structure of private schools.
2. Provide free education till class 12th, the government established many colleges but each year there are lot of vacancies in those colleges so instead of establishing new colleges , provide free education, as in US 87% of the students study in public schools established by government which is free.

0 0 Dear Narendra Modiji,I admire the changes being set into motion by you ,your government. I will appreciate if you can take up the issue of environment next and make the tree planting, growing as compulsory task for citizens,municipal authorities of all states. There is ever increasing pollution now in villages also because of less trees and I find it ironic that now air purifiers are available in stores.Would it be not wiser to have more trees and natural purified air than gadgets.Best Wishes.

0 0 Sir, The demand for bribes in local government offices has not waned even an iota?? Corruption is just so pervasive in this society. Please don't give any relaxations on any more deposits or amnesty schemes. These bribes I am sure are the biggest contributors to the black money issues we face today.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, I Hope no POSITIVE RESPONSE CAN BE EXPECTED FROM THIS GRIEVANCE. But its my duty and my democratic rights to oppose the system which puts me into trouble. Is demonetization the only way to cease black money? This plan is planned mistake. 70% percentage of poor people are the one and only sufferers of this demonetization while the black money holders are enjoying all their black money in a very planned manner.Hats off to your plan -FROM A VICTIM OF DEMONETIZATION

0 0 Pls Talk about one election one nation concept and powers of states remain the same.
what changes would be there

0 0 Resp. Sir
I appreciate your Aim and vision to make our country and it's people Healthy, Wealthy and Wise.I received a call from mobile number 9708151529 and saying my debit card is block.I told them not to call.They threaten me for my life and family & calling me continuously.This blog is not about complaint but to share the views as not only me but lot of people are harassed.Even the senior citizens and villagers too.I am educating people but please speak on this.Ur 1 word matters most to us.

0 0 Hon. Prime Minister Sir,
My suggestion is for usage of Flowers while receiving VIPs & dignitaries. It's pure wastage of Flower & Money.Instead of usage of Flowers we can use Book/Plant. Book is very useful to person as well one can give that book to others after read it also plant is better option, we can give message for Go Green concept & to do more plantation in order to reduce Global Warming.also i pleased to inform you that we take an initiative to promote Digital India,PFA.

0 0 Demonetization is great initiative for developed my country . Now action should be start on
1.Benami sampati . It is also in very large manner.
2. Old high denomination notes must be stopped in depositing into Bank. as more time has been given for depositing the money into bank.  Now It should be deposit only in RBI with full transactions details. ie from Whom & what is transactions for receipt.
3. One suggestion also for consultant fees of Doctors. It should be minimum.

0 0 my college name  sati college vidisha (m.P.)
student ke sath bahut glt behave kiya jata hai hamesha darya jata hai aur kuchhh bol do exam me fail kr dete hai

0 0 Sir, Kindly request your(my) government to initiate and organize high-level study groups to thoroughly understand the total organic revolution that had silently happened in Cuba in the last few decades. How the Cuban agro economy has completely turned into a useful, inspirational, and economically viable contributor to not only the people of that country, but also to the environment, reduced pollution, increased water table (most important) levels, desalinated soil, less dependent on costly oils

0 0 #AIR #MyGov #Taxlesseconomy or #Taxminimumeconomy individuals need to go based on transactions values amount need to charge and that amount is huge income India get surly.
#HealthOfCommonMan need to concentrate
#Youngster need to recognise r bring to politically as well as government projects more.
#RiverNeedToJoin
#WealthOfOurCountry Agriculture&Textiles need to go advanced levels.
#Railwaystobedigital

0 0 i want  to discusse my college
i have a problem to my clg

0 0 Despite your best efforts and efforts by print media, information dissemination about the many governmental works have not reached the last man/woman/child in India. Like, nobody knows how much it costs to operate a lowest-cost train on tracks, what is the cost of a single coach, various options that govt. looks at etc. All that a poorest daily wager who travels to a town or city to work knows is that the govt is increasing the ticket cost every now and then. Your MKB is yet to reach the lastman

0 0 With the grace of Bhagwan Sri Sathya Sai Baba, a unique, indegenously developed, OTTET eHealth & Telemedicine program, fulfilling Social Responsibility with employment generation. Scope of providing evidence based healthcare at the doorstep of villages with no CAPEX to Govt. Presently, model has been accepted by MoHFW under National Telemedicine Network.
Aim: To augment existing rural healthcare. Provides cashless services with EHR linked with Aadhar. Need support for speedy implementation.

0 0 Modi g ye mera no . Hai

0 0 Plz mujhe apse Baat  karni hai help me

0 0 Respected PM Modi Ji,Sir,w hile the common man of the country face sanctions as to withdrawal and deposit if his hard-earned money. Political parties are allowed no such caps and sanctions. There us no limit on the funds being spent by political parties. Sir when you had announced demonetization you should have also announced sanctions on the deposits in the bank a/cofpoliticalparties. The donation limit of less than ₹20k has been used by black money holders to convert their money to white frely

0 0 Sir, Our police force is a spent force in every state that I have lived or worked in. As a nation we need to inspire better quality people to join police and armed forces, where corruption is a big "no, no, no." That is not how it currently is. Everybody knows, if they pay some organized group of corrupt officials and get a constable post, eventually they can recover that money through dishonest and unethical means. Nation is slowly turning soul-less! Inspire young minds through your Man Ki Baat

0 0 Sir,
Your gov has been taking the country to new heights.Lot of work still needs to be done. We all are with you.
My mother has been receiving family pension of Rs 320/- per month.My father worked in BCCL, a subsidiary of Coal India Ltd. Is it justified?Hope you will take cognizance of it.
Hoping the very best from you for the common man.
Thanking you,
Sanjay Kumar Sapra

0 0 Hon.PM , Imagine a poor person Who owns a empire through Inheritance  through his  IAS and IPS parents so everything is NAMI nothing Benami both expired , Now will he /she answerable to LAW/ Govt. Similarly many mafia DONS/ cheats who snatched wealth from innocent and POLICE AND JUDICIARY HELPED them a lot ? Why No search on Retired JUDGES Chk with Prashant Bhushan alike.

0 0 Ji I given suggestion years back in this site for #Emoney now U call #cashless but whole India moving towards but didn't highlight #Factofindian
Anyhow my country moving towards my idea happy.#Taxlesseconomy or #Taxminimumeconomy individuals need to go.
#HealthOfCommonMan need to concentrate
#Youngster need to recognise r bring to politically as well as government projects more.
#RiverNeedToJoin
#WealthOfOurCountry Agriculture&Textiles need to go advanced levels.
#Railwaystobedigital

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
अगर देश से हमेशा के लिए भ्रष्ट्राचार और अपराध को खत्म करना चाहते हैं या न्यूनतम/निम्नतम स्तर तक लाना चाहते हैं तो देश के सभी नेताओं के POWER और PAISE पर लगाम लगाइए। भ्रष्ट्राचार और अपराध अपने-आप कम हो जाएगा। कोई भी नेता को कोई दूसरा पद जैसे Chairman, Director etc. नही दिया जाय। हर जगह Co-operative बैंक का Chairman, Housing Board का Director और बहुत सारे बड़े पद नेताओं या उनके रिस्तेदारों को दिया जाता हैं, क्यो? देश मे बहुत से काबिल लोग हैं इनसे अच्छे कार्य कर सकते हैं।

2 0 Respected PM Sir,
                  Am vimalraj. Iam a middle class family man. Am one of the your well wisher. From 8th Nov. i faced so many financial problems. If am pay my House rent and chit amount thru IMPS(Immediate payment service)i lost rupees 5.76 per transaction. if i use this IMPS facility for 10 times in a month then i lost rupees 57.60. this amount is my 2 days vegetable purchase amount. so kindly don't put IMPS charges for upto Rs.5000.00 transaction. Am attach my Bank Report

1 0 *विषय- भारत में संवैधानिक आरक्षण को  पालन सुनिश्चित कराये जाने  एवं पदोन्नति में आरक्षण हेतु 117वें संबिधान संशोधन बिल पारित किये जाने विषयक |

0 0 OUR F.M. –FOR ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT NEED  MORE  SMALL TAX PAYER.
MY OPENION IS –IF CALCULATE THAT MINIMUM LABOUR WAGES IS RS.270
THEN RS. 270 X 365 DAYS = RS.98550 INCOME PER YEAR SO, MINIMUM INCOME
OF ONE  INDIAN RESIDENT RS,67.50 PER DAY (ACCORDING TO 4 PERSONS ONE FAMILY)
TAX STRUCTURE GIVEN BELOW ACCORDING TO MY OPENION:
PLEASE SEE IMAGE

0 0 Respected Sir,
I first off all thank you and uphold pride in your bold step taken for demonetization of Rs. 500 & 1000 notes and introduction of new notes in place. I further congratulate you for dynamic & responsive actions taken post 8th November to curb the bypass ways of hoarders of black money. I vow myself to stand like a rock behind you irrespective of many deflective strategies working around day in and out through printed and virtual world.
With best Regards,
Sanjay Gosavi

0 0 आदरणीय महोदय,
भारतीय संसद को राष्ट्र द्रोह का दंड—म्रत्यु दंड या देश निकाला कानून पारित करने कि आवश्यकता
तिरंगे को फाडना, भारत मुर्दा बाद बोलना, देश का टुकड़े करने कि बात करना, देश कि प्रभुसत्ता का उलंघन करना, राष्ट्र द्रोह मन जाय.
पाकिस्तान जिन्दावाद बोलने कि सजा १० वर्ष या राजनैतिक अधिकारों कि समाप्ति कि जाय.
शचीन्द्र कुमार दुबे ...अध्यक्ष, जन विकाश पार्टी

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir,
My simple & only one suggestion is for usage of Flowers while receiving VIPs and dignitaries by authority. It is pure wastage of Flower & Money of our country. i suggest that instead of usage of Flowers we can use Book or Plant. Book is very useful to person as well one can give that book to others after read it also plant is also better option, we can give message for Go Green concept and to do more plantation in order to reduce Global Warming.

0 0 respected PM Sir,First of all hearty congratulations for the clean up process,really and sincerely appreciate ur efforts.PUBLIC GREIVANCES ,needs tone up ,if some complaint is made against any corrupt officer ,the process shouldnot be evolved round the same officer,some other agency should probe for the fairness.What we observe that comments are obtained either from the same officer or someone junior to him,this should stop.
Today PM portal was not working,I Called PMO,NO RESPONSE FROM EVEN PMO

0 0 Respected PM Modi Sir,while you push for the country to go cashless,which in my opinion is a welcome move. Why don't you start off by making the transactions of your party cashless and displaying all these transactions on your party portal. This will make other parties follow suit. Plus this will help the common man get rid of the notion of widespread corruption in political partied

0 0 Bharat men Bahumukhi badlab ka sahaj aur satik samarthak hoon. Demonetizati9n ke effect rup men vegetables sasti ho gayi hai ..ye hum upbhokta ke liye achi hai prantu bharat ke krishak jo paida karte hain unke liye mulya men ati tibra girabat thodi dukhad mehsoos hoti hai.agar krishi utpad ke pehle demonetizati9n ka prabhav hospital/doctors consultati9n fee medicines etc sare upchar ke mulya men girabat krishi se pehle hoti to hum sabhi chinta muqkt jeevan ka ek mazboot karan banta. Jai Bharti.

0 0 Dear Prime minister, My suggestions to unearth the nexus of officer in depositing/exchanging the black money into reserve bank and corrective measures are attached with this submissions.

0 0 Shri Modi Sir,
I am very much impressed with your ideas and bold step taken by you recently. You have very good vision.
My only concern on cashless system is that you need to educate people how to control spending on Cards. As you know people will not know how much they spent during the month and when they receive their monthly bill, they might have over spent than their income as happens in western world.
This is very important to provide knowledge and education to general pubic.Thanks.

0 0 Sir, Why Public sector companies are not as efficient as private sector companies are.

0 0 एक असा कायदा केला पाहिजे

0 0 VILLAGE DEVELOPMENT CENTERS with master techno and agriculture implement plans anganvadi reformed asBAALA BHANDARA or SHISHU BHANDARA with modern digital tech with special modern and natural power utilization in all aspects and modern nutrition supplement online news facilities.same with modern high tech govt school plans included SHIKSHANA VIKASA PLAN. And RAIL  GANGA plan.and digital and electronic road and rail sign boards operate effectively in night and using natural power. Weather coats im

0 0 Prison rehabilitation master plan special techniques yoga.meditation.librarys etc etc with regular health checks...and also for old age persons VRUDDA DHAAMA schemes

0 0 PM Sir,
Its hightime now to focus on cashless idea and implement it via *99# mainly because all other mediums require Internet or smartphone or pos machines.
*99# works even on basic mobile with no Internet connectivity. Please make this service for free for lifetime to boost cashless economy. 
But sadly very low transactions are  happening via *99# due to less campaigning.
Please promote *99# as much as you promoted Swach Bharat Abhiyaan or even more because this is the only solution.

0 0 NAMASKRA,
let's start from village where 1)no atm r bank facility start temporary mobile banking for remote villages by a group of bankers with all system incorporated with safety to exchange or to get money within short period in hobli r places near to many villages.
2) IMPLEMENT A SWATCHA BHARATH RUPAYA where there from9th November those are all played neat black and white game play with masks they can give paisa to paisa for there

0 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to bring your attention to the child kidnapping.Everyday we see posts in social media of child being kidnapped,or post of lady with some baby begging and people asking to share the message until the child reaches it's parents.how many are reaching back to parents.I do not know if this topic makes any relevance but i hope it should be addressed for the kids/babies who are away from their parents.How can we protect the children from being kidnapped ?

0 0 Respected Sir,
The steps taken for eliminating black currencies was good but
Since there was black currencies are there for very long time, it has created black economy inside INDIA.
For example if a private financier had given 20lakhs finance for 10 people before a year for 20% interest.
The person who got that money has to do a white business to make black money for financier. please give a solution for this sir

0 0 Dear PM,
Please find my inputs.

1 0 Respected PM Modi ji,
Please try to stop this,
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 here children with no reservations every one get same service here.
6) lets put step towards basic foundation strong and all equipped with modern and unique digital plans and basically it start in one optional place and transmitted,
7)GNANA SHAKTI Kendra dream knowledge centers initiated with eco friendly places

0 0 environment friendly place with pick drop transport facility.
4)digital schools library, sports,all cultural, and special techniques and intraction, hostel, food, yoga,many modern initiatives,
5)and this future govt schools with all modern and eco friendly and maximum utilization of natural resources and children's here with no reservation every one is same and staffs and all employees working with equality of service no partiality r high low strategy created nothing will accept here children

0 0 RESPECTED Modiji, Namaskar. your Govt is doing some measure steps for DIBYANGA children. One this I would like to suggest you to Include TREATMENT of AUTIISM/ Mental RETARDATION IN HEALTH INSURANCE. This will Help some children to get cured by the advance technology coming to Medical System. Recently I had done STEMCELLS of My SON AYUSHMAN at MUMBAI Neurogen. But the Claim is rejected by the INSURANCE Company.
I had spend 5lk & claim was made for 1 Lakh within my Limit. PL HELP ME.

0 0 Namaskaaragalu,
1)let's start from anganvadi baal-vihara, modernize baal-vihara and let's compete with infrastructure staff for this all with special training and special facility's given with transport and safety for kids and staff,
2)with present scenario every one thinks private school is best for our child like let's boost our govt schools with modern facility's
3)initially 5schools  children and teaching facaultys under one roof near by village schools merged in one hobli place r enviro

0 0 Not only the Bank employees have their own networks at higher levels has become a huge hurdle in dispersing the available lower denom. notes, even the ATM security folks in some places are really corrupt. They make sure to tell the public that there is no money in the ATM, but secretly call some people, young boys, and get the benefits reach to a section of the society. I don't know if that is favoritism card that they play or they do it for a commission. Happens in isolated ATMs, away from bank

1 0 1. Remove all the transaction charges on cashless payments. Like Fuel surcharge, NEFT          surcharge, or any other transaction charges.
2. Give more rebates/offers on cashless transactions to promote people.
3. Declare a limit on monthly cash withdrawal / add transaction surcharge on cash withdrawal after a limit.

1 0 Dear Modi ji,                           A cashless transaction is welcomed by our people but many of the people in rural areas did not have sufficient knowledge with cashless transaction how to do, so a way of reaching this to all people the idea which govt has to arrange two person or volunteers who has knowledge about this cashless transactions, that person has to give demo or seminar about cashless transaction for a people in that village, by following this we can achieve Digital India

0 0 Mr. PM have to implement the Automatic toll booth or barrier systems like in Dubai RTA, they call it as Salik, meaning open or clear, is Dubai’s road toll system that operates without toll booths or barriers, free flowing system, so you don’t need to stop our vehicles at any point on any state highway and manually. you can travel freely. No need of cash. If you want to use highways, you need to attach a Stricker tag to your vehicle windsheild Our scanning technology automatically identify it.

0 0 Prime Minister ji:
I have a few thoughts to share:
a.	The budget exercise has started: can the basic exemption limit for individual taxpayers be raised to Rs.8 lakhs.
b.	Please consider allowing more savings to save on tax.
c.	Now that all payments are being made online, even the toll tax being paid be made online. A transporter of goods by road decides on the route at the beginning. When the route is certain, the total toll tax can be paid online.Suppression of receipts can be stopped.

0 0 May I earnestly request Prime Minister to tighten the rules of selection parameters of the teachers and counsellors. Future of India rest in the hands of teachers. But teaching unfortunately remains an underpaid and optional career. At central level ministry of HRD must instruct all universities and colleges to hire educated and well informed teachers and pay them well. Progressive future means students of today. Well shaped will be India if hands (teachers) will shape them.

0 0 Dear PM, State governments, local bodies, and corporations must be a proportionate participant in disaster and relief contributions. Create a central fund keeping agency in line with the latest scientific predictions about possible future natural disasters. They should stop depending on numerical (exponentially large) announcements appearing in the news headlines on amount of fund demanded by the CM as a central aid during a cyclone, drought, quake, or floods. Decentralized, independent economy!

0 0 Res PM Sh  Modi Ji
 i would like to congratulate you on demonetisation issue . people are thanking you for this move . as you are aware that bank employees/officers always  worked day and night on your call for the success of various social welfare schemes along with present demonetisation issue.  now we request you to  pl suitably amend payment of gratuity act for the benefit of bank employees/officers .as we know that emp. of central govt. /rbi are already covered.
with regards,

0 0 Respected Sir,
Please find contribution for Maan Ki Baat

0 0 MR. P.M. SIR,
GANGA RIVER will be clean IF
After successful surgical strike on BLACK MONEY, This is the time of SWACHH BHARAT ABHIYAAN MISHAN to PUT A BAN ON PLASTIC HAND BAGS.
Daily use of plastic bags in India is approximately 1+ crore.
This PLASTIC BAGS are not re-used by Customer/People. They use this bags for filling garbage collected in their home.
Life of a simple plastic bag is more than 100 years.
GANGA RIVER will be clean if we place ban on plastic bags.

0 0 श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी
माननीय प्रधान मंत्री
भारत सरकार 
विषय: किसानो के निमित्त आर्थिक सहायता हेतु विनय पत्र
(मासिक खर्च रुपया 15 लाख. एक वर्ष का खर्च रुपया 1, 8000000 मात्र.)
सन्दर्भ: जिले के किसानो के प्रति, भ्रस्टाचार उन्मूलन, जागृति, निष्पक्षीय प्रशाश्नात्मक प्रणाली का सकारात्मक प्रयोग
विस्तृत जानकारी संलग्न है.
शचीन्द्र कुमार दुबे

0 0 Don't Know How To Use PayTm ?? Don't Worry Watch this & also know what is a cashless economy. !!!

0 0 श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी
माननीय प्रधान मंत्री, भारत सरकार
विषय: किसानो के निमित्त आर्थिक सहायता हेतु विनय पत्र
(मासिक खर्च रुपया 15 लाख. एक वर्ष का खर्च रुपया 1, 8000000 मात्र.)
सन्दर्भ: जिले के किसानो के प्रति, भ्रस्टाचार उन्मूलन, जागृति, निष्पक्षीय प्रशाश्नात्मक प्रणाली का सकारात्मक प्रयोग
आदरणीय महोदय,
मै आपको संपर्क करते हुए हर्षित हो रहा हूँ, कि वर्ष 1984-2092 तक विभीन्न प्रकाशनों में विज्ञापन का कार्य (मुंबई) किया था. तत्पश्चात, वर्ष 93-2008 तक मुंबई के अंदर  प्रकाशक/ संप

0 0 Shri PM
YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO FULFIL YOUR PROMISES FOR WANT OF RAJYA SABHA MAJORITY IT CAN BE ACHIEVED ONLY BY GETTING MORE SEATS IN THE PRESENT 5 STATES ELECTION
SINCE LOT OF BLACK MONEY HAS BEEN RECOVERED YOU SHOULD REMIT ATLEAST 2 TO 3 LACS ON ALL JHANDHAN A/C WHICH WILL REAP ENOUGH BENEFITS UPTO 2019

0 0 Now sai many bank accounts to be scrutinized.
Govt can bring a new system on the pattern of TDs
Where bank can act as ito and asses the genuine ness of money deposited
And year end they should be asked to file their return which can be
Checked by ito
This way work will be decentralised
And public will meet more acceptable officer.
It will ensure each and every account checked and violators can be referred to ito or ed as the case may be

0 0 Mr. P.M.
According to a survey India stands on 114th rank in terms of internet speed in the world. Sir you show us the dream of cashless economy or rather less cash economy but for that there should be fast internet. Please do something for the internet speed sir. Here people recharge for 4G internet but don't get the speed of even 2G internet. Please see to this matter sir. We would like to hear you on this in next #MannKiBaat .  #PMonRadio #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Mr. P.M.
Sir I just have two points to say. First is, one day I read on the internet that in Switzerland cash transaction over 1 lakh swiss franc is illegal so the only option of doing transactions above 1 lakh swiss franc is either digital payment or through cards. I as a youth of this country would like to have this thing in my India also.
My second point is that for setting limit on cash transactions all Indians MUST have internet access and that too a fast internet.

0 0 Respected PM
I like to say that there is no need to change the "TAX SLAB" rather Provide "TAX security to all tax payer".
Here with file attached which was attached previously.

0 0 Surgical Time bound strike on pending suits older than 10 years to implement future strike on "BENAMI PROPERTIES" a success.

1 0 Dear PM Modiji,
Please think about Senior Citizens and don't reduce Bank Deposit interest rates.
There are many Senior Citizens who are not Government employees and they don't get Pension.
Reducing PPF rates and Bank Deposit rates is adversely affecting many citizens of India.
Please stop reducing PPF rates and Bank Deposit rates.
Otherwise people will vote for Congress and Congress will win the next election.
Please think about common man and our expectations from you.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
We should create a major plan for "SHIKSHIT BHARAT"
India is one of the most populous country in the world. Population growth only be fruitful, if India puts in place measures to provide its citizens with social, educational and economic needs. Otherwise poverty rates which are already high will increase with this population and drag the economic growth rate of the country.
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 All government servant ands employee has salary limitation and salary on working time with time attendance systems and all government branches must be installed time attendance systems with lan connectivity with servers and all employment monthly attendance should be check in Delhi all time attendance systems connected with Delhi servers to check all employment is working or not working and time

0 0 “ VANDE MATRAM”
Respected PM Sir,
We Proud as a Gujarati as Well as Indian and Salute Sir For Bold & Dynamic decision of  DEMONETIZATION For Nation & even Common People.
Sir, every Indian hopes and humble request to take and announce Attached Steps For  Welcome 2017.
1)	Start Cash less Transaction with BJP Party Fund and Set example For every Indian.
2)	Announce Time bound action Plan For NPA Account holder.
3)	Increase F.D. Interest Rate For Senior Citizen.

0 0 As stated earlier,following suggestions for surgical strike against pendency of cases in courts.Please train all Jr.advocates in mediation,amend CPC to make mediation pre-requisite prior filing civil case.Coordinating with Honourable courts,please allot pending cases to each advocate,with priority to Juniors for mediation with a fixed fee schedule.If the parties settle voluntarily,the mediator can authenticate parties agreement to become binding settlement per Arbitration&Conciliation Act 2015

0 0 Pranam Modiji.. The decision of demonitisation and subsequent measures taken by the govt. to root out black money and corruption from the system are widely and truly welcomed by all sincere and hard working people.Three cheers to your relentless efforts in this direction. Dear sir would you please address the following issues:1) say no to the use of plastic bottles used for serving drinking water during meetings and in railways..2) protecting,encouraging sincere,hardworking noncorruput beaurocr

0 0 Dear PM Modi ji, My request is to mark 08 Nov as the "BankStaff Day.' It is an appropriate way of thanking million of bank staff for their contributions during such a historical event.  Banks can celebrate this day by honouring & acknowledging contributions of their respective staff members. A National award, on the lines of Best Teacher Award, can be instituted to recognise hardworking, honesty, dedication financial specialists as they are key to our country's financial health.

0 0 सम्मानीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी इस बार मन की बात में कुछ एसे विचार आप रखे जिस से पुरे देश की महिलाओ को सम्मान एवं मान  मिल सके  हमारे देश में जहा बहुत बड़ी जनसँख्या में लोग रहते हे और आज मेरा विचार हे की सूद खोरी एवं बहुत ज्यादा ब्याज से पेसे लेकर जिन के घर तबाह हो गए उन्हें न्याय मिल सके आज बी बैंक आसानी से लोन नहीं देती हर किसी को आपका it return,turnover या कितना कमाते हो उस के अनुसार बैंक से लोन मिलता हे नहीं तो नहीं मिल पाता एसे में कोई महिला उद्यमी के लिए काम शुरू करना बहुत मुस्किल होता हे

0 0 Dear Sir,
I want to direct your attention to a region - Khora Colony. It's in UP,adjacent to Delhi Border near Mayur Vihar.It's a vast colony without waste disposal & drainage system. People are forced to drink this water as it comes back up through borewell water supply.Please Help!

0 0 All India need one website to connect all government website  and all state website  so all government branches to connected only one website to easy remember and make easy work to the all Indian people

0 0 Sir,Please reset the banking systems. It has created Vijay Malya and many lacs of people like him. Also failed your denomination scheme to kept corrupted people. Please change the RBI guideline. Otherwise people like me hate to go to the bank. Banking staff going on strikes, 3/4 days holiday, 5 hours of banking timings etc are creating negative impact. Why my money holder is not working 24 hours like hospital ? why not giving finance to needy people ? why torching investors. sir do the needful

0 0 Hon. Prime Minster of India, Shri. Narendra Modiji,EPFO had issued Circular No."Pension.I/7(1)96/Forms/7429 dt 24June2016", but Form 10D UAN is still not available online on EPFO website or at PF offices. Senior citizens like my dad find it difficult for paper work formalities at PF office. Concept like UAN forms is a step towards makeover of EPFO serving the nation only through online services. This is possible only because of you sir. We wish all the services of EPFO turn online. Jai Hind !

0 0 All small city road does not remain in long period so work is not good so government must be check road and take sample to laboratory so work must be develop good

0 0 congratulations for giving so much trust for swachbharat,why not we arrange dust fixed bins for every 100m so that people will be habituated to use them without any lazyness

0 0 महोदय, 100 रुपये से अधिक के डिजिटल पेमेंट लेने से इंकार करने पर दंड का प्रावधान होना चाहिए.

0 0 Reservation systems  must be remove to for all people to develop  india

0 1 माननीय  प्रधानमन्त्री जी महोदय मेरा सोच यह हे कि।हमारा भारत मे जितना भी पुलिस और फरेस्ट का लोग गाडी पकडकर  रखता हे चाहे वो बस हो  चाहे वो ट्रक हो।ये गाडी 50 साल से भी ज्यादा सडाकर रखता हे।इन गाडी को जल्दी से जल्दी बेच कर इस पैसा को सरकार किसी योजना मे लगा दे तो। भारत मे गरिबि भी दुर होगा और भारत swatcha भी रहेगा।

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
U r dng very well work for our country growth.i appreciate ur work procedure..I want to suggest u one more thing which is most important for the growth of our country..As per my opinion,reservations to all categories based on casteism should be banned in India properly.and reservation should be provided on the economic basis... Because now a days , reserved category candidates having 50℅ marks is selected for officers post and a candidate having 80℅or more will not get any job

0 0 All people have common civil code and  common law to develop india

0 0 Electrician should have shop and office and all electrical tools meter and knowledge for working and they must have government certificate to all electrical small and big contractor

0 0 Most of carpenter has no work place and they given down money to reputed contractor and
Many time mobile switch off and client can not be contacted to contractor so certificate and work place is must for carpenters and fabricator  and contractor
Government should give certificate to contractor who has land to work shop and shop and with
All carpentry machine

0 0 (17)	All carpenter must have mini shop or working place that can be contact easily so government give certificate who has place to work otherwise government should not provide to certificate

0 0 All carpenter and mistry and fabricators and all contractor must be register in government and government should be give certificate to the all contractor with grade systems

0 0 All production company must me batch number

0 0 All bank account holder must have credit card and debit card , bank has to give compulsory give card with new opening account

0 0 Honorable PM Sir,
Its a request that when everything in India is going digital, than please start this facility with Indian Postal department also so that payment of premium of Insurance etc can be done without cash through online payment.

0 0 Respected PM,
Jobs Creation for people of Bharat. 
Jobs are limited and organization can't employee more people in the current shifts schedule.
Many of the organizations are working around O clock with 3 shifts working, each shift of 8 hrs. If we reduce the time of shifts to 6 hrs then we can accommodate one more shifts in a day.
Normally in 8 hrs shifts, people have there lunch/ tea etc. in 6 hrs shift only tea will be served once.
There is 25% increase from current.
8435320948

0 0 Vahical must not be purchase with   cash

0 0 And all electronis itesm cost above 1000 rs can be purchase with cheque and card payment

0 0 Dear PM sir, I would like to know what are actions taken against those banking officials who are accused of money laundering of the new notes..I would suggest to make a task force to oversee the auditing of all regional offices of RBI...what are the amounts of money deposited in new denominations and how much is transferred to different banks..Because there are news of involvement of corrupt RBI officals of regional branches helping black money holders to become clean.

0 0 All vehicles number plate must be come with new vahical so rto time not waste

0 0 All vehicals must be register with pan card and income tax

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान मंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी नमस्कार,
आप डिजिटल इंडिया के थ्रू भारत को नई ऊंचाइयों तक ले जाना चाहते हैं आपकी यह सोच बहुत अच्छी हैं मैं 100% आपकी बात से सहमत हूँ। क्योंकि मैं यह जनता हूँ की डिजिटिलाइजेशन होने से सभी तरहं के CORRUPTION और CRIME को 99.99% कंट्रोल किया जा सकता है। आपका यह सपना टैकनोलजी चोरों और टैकनोलजी कोपीपेस्ट करने वाले के सहारे कभी पूरा नही हो सकता, बल्कि आपको जल्द ही इसका ख़मयाज़ा भुगतना पढ़ सकता है।
प्रधान मंत्री जी मैं आपको एक बार फिर से टैकनोलजी चोरों से सावधान.

0 0 All office trademark,register, patent, and copyright in one place and and same size A4

0 0 Our beloved PM Modiji,
Near Mysore all the agricultural lands are converted to sites, please stop this process otherwise Cleanest and greenest city will lost its feature and future within 2 or 3 years. please provide some guidence and support for agriculture by creating cannals to the dry lands where the do agriculture in rainy season. which will help to formers to survive in their own land instead of migrating to cities. Former's do not want to migrate to cities but now it is inevitable for th

0 0 In India architect has to register coa area and civil engineer register to their nagarpalika or corporation , all engineer architect  must be on register in one place

0 0 In china has two language use (English and chines)
So can we use 2 language use in all India that can be easy to all people
(English and hindi)
	 All government paper and document and all size same A4 size and all form and all document has 2 language English and hindi only for easy for all India

0 0 Dear Sir
If possible then plz talk on cashless economy. Also I have one problem regarding online payment. Each government company like BPCL,HPCL, Indian rail or on petrol pump taking extra charges as "TRANSACTION FESS". This charges cut from our bank account.So kindly focus on this points.

0 0 All bill size must be same A4 size  for all traders for easy to maintain in file  for all people

0 0 All certificate like trademark, register, and copyright all type is certificate size be same as A4 print size all size is not same right now..

0 0 Respected Sir,Following suggestion for surgical strike against unemployment.In government   procurement Tenders and schemes like Skill India, Digital India,please put condition to give priority to unemployed and remove qualifying criteria like turn over,incorporation as company etc.Please give preference in PMKVY Training centres/inspection Team/assessors to unemployed&exclude corporates.Use unemployed for digital literacy.Dont give consultant jobs for 65+.Deploy unemployed in road projects etc.

0 0 (03)	All car and bike and all vehicles must be installed gps tracking device is compulsory
If anybody can buy 50000 rs bike or scooter so they can buy 2500 rs cost gps systems

0 0 (02)	All toll tax booth payment auto debited by rfid card systems for all cars
If anybody can buy 350000 rs cars so they can by card instrument for auto debit systems?

0 0 (01)	 All school fees must be payment by card or online or cheque payment
All school must be with projector systems low cost project price 2500 rs mini projector all school can afford this cost or above cost

0 0 in the google map. Our Cultural monuments are also precious.

0 0 Respected Sir,in my view your demonetization exercise was a failure and causonly hardships to common man while all the local gundas and local state leaders who are associated with political parties effectively converted their black money into white by using the ₹20000 donation non-disclosure limit available to political parties.Sir we all know that most of black money in India is held by politicians(most of whom are corrupt). Why this preferential treatment to parties and hardship to common man?

0 0 within calshless scheme why don't
 government add gas cylinder refill process. by paying through online portal or point of sale machine one get 10 percent discout.

0 0 Our Dearest PM Narendra Modiji,
My observation in Google map is that, if you search for "Mysore" page will show the land mark of St. Philomina church but Mysore Palace is not at all there untill you zoom for 3 to 4 times. By this all the tourists who wants to know the tourists spots will get a hit back saying only Church is available every where. (First impression is the best impression) so i would like to request you to ensure all local buildings land marks should be highlighted.

0 0 sir giving details on making Delhi pollution free.
just a starting...

0 0 please look into the increasing pollution.
traffic on road is increasing. public transports not good enough. Metro, feeder buses, buses low floor should be more channelized. areas with heavy traffic load to be focused and planned accordingly. schools to use buses only.
people should be made Eco-friendly, they should be given more ideas to grow trees/plants on roof tops so that at least roofs are green.
these things to be on focus sir before it is too late.

0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी आपसे प्रेरणा लेकर हमारी  गुरव समाज अपनी संस्कृति और बोली को सहेजने के लिए डिजिटल मिडिया का उपयोग कर के गुरव ग्रन्थ का निर्माण कर रही है और कैशे लेश तरीका का उपयोग कर के उसके लिए सहयोग राशि एकत्र कर रही है

0 0 i think sir you should discuss the ROLE OF STUDENTS IN NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT as India is LARGEST YOUTH country in the whole world. If a only 10% of total youth joins our defense forces we will be strongest country in the whole world. We would have to less dependent on Other countries especially for DEFENSE.

1 0 Sir I am not give any advice because you are more sensors and more knowledge but there is a some problem in India ... All people always talk about cashless policy I am not give any importance because after some months it's normal .. when people know about benefits of cashless .. but there is some problem like internet speed then network. It is the main problem ....plz solve it either no. Problem at all some people always problem no. One solve the problem of these people so only do u r work

0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी आपसे प्रेरणा लेकर हमारी  गुरव समाज अपनी संस्कृति और बोली को सहेजने के लिए डिजिटल मिडिया का उपयोग कर के गुरव ग्रन्थ का निर्माण कर रही है और कैशे लेश तरीका का उपयोग कर के उसके लिए सहयोग राशि एकत्र कर रही है

1 0 Honorable PM sir,
BPL Suchi Ka Sarve Kare kyoki Jo BPL Ke layak The Wo BPL H Nhi Or Jo Bhut Rupay Wale H Wo BPL Me h

0 0 dear pm narendra modi saheb,mera suggetion hai ki har gram panchayat me VLE(computer operator)hai to usko banking system or digital payments ki kamgiri me VLE ko compalsory work ka order dena chahiye,ME BHI VLE HU,MERA PURA SUPPORT HAI
JAY HIND

0 0 Respected PM sir,
My son is studying in JNV School in Bhagaluru which is in Bangalore urban area in 6th std,There are many basic things are missing to our kids like, Water,Staff for teaching, Music and dance teacher,from last 6 month No science teacher, Above all there is one NGO called Dahkshina using all the felicities provided to our kids, which is making trouble to our kids like water shortage,Cleanness of the dormitory, Less Manpower and more work for cooking staff,

0 0 लोगों को सिर्फ मोटीवेट करें व् अपने आप इस कार्यक्रम से जुड़ने दें..इसमें थोडा वक़्त लगेगा... दवाब डालना ठीक नहीं है...

2 0 Respected Pm Modi ji,While the common man stands in line to deposit and withdraw his hard earned money, for which he has to give id proof,It pains as well as angers me to a great extent, that,Why are political parties like yours allowed not to give details of cash donations of up to ₹20000. This limit can be effectively used and in my view has been used by most politicians to convert their black holdings into white and this is a big loophole.

0 0 इनकम टैक्स स्लैब में सरकारी कर्मचारी को ४लाख रूपये तक छुट मिले जबकि व्यापरी वर्ग को ५-६ लाख तक की छुट मिले क्योंकि वे ज्यादा काम करते हैं.. दुसरे, आपके कैशलेस कार्यक्रम को लोग गलत तरीके से लागु करवाने के लिए गलत दवाब बना रहे हैं.जैसे आई पी यूनिवर्सिटी दिल्ली ने एक फरमान निकला है जिसके अन्दर सभी कॉलेजों को २५ दिसम्बर तक १०० पर्तिशत कैशलेस होना है.यह गलत है.पूरी तरह कैशलेस होना वह भी इतने कम समय में ठीक नहीं है.कहीं इसका हाल वैसा ही न हो जैसा संजय गाँधी के नसबंदी कार्यक्रम का हुआ था.इसे रोकें.

0 0 Respected Honorable PM Modiji,
After 6 decades of Independence Nation as seen the massive master stroke of demonetization to curb the balck money.Similarly we need one more master stroke on the land mafia.There are lots of people still dreaming of owning there own home.Richer are becoming richer and poor are still poor.

0 0 Dear PM Shri Narendra Modi ji
In case of corruption in government departments where the employee is to be served “Suspension Notice” the wording should be replaced with “Imminent / Likely Termination Notice”. The change in terminology will make tremendous impact psychologically / socially. It should be served by the authority one step higher than the immediate Boss. The responsibility to prove innocence should lie with the employee also.

0 0 pm gi im shifted from vodafone to BSNL AFTER UR CALL MAKE IN INDIA N MADE IN INDIA BUT THERE ARE MANY INTERUPTIONS NETWORK. PLEASE MILITARY DESCIPLINE IN SCHOOLS IS THE NEED OF HOUR TO SEE VIBRANT INDIA

0 0 Cashless Economy - Cashless India -Great Work !! 
We are targeting cashless economy in full force. Even , every one can see , drastic increase of Debit/Credit cards in most of POS(point of sale) .
Why can we promote RuPay Cards for these transactions instead of foreign vendors(Visa/Master Card) . Kindly instruct Banks to issue RuPay cards retrospectively . 
Another Make in India Initiative . 
Thanks .
Regards,
Rakesh

0 0 Honorable PM sir,
Even after GoI and you in your personal capacity holding the office of the PM had several times made request to the suffering common man to start using cashless payment options, Banks have not stopped deducting charges for ATM card swipes and transactions. To encourage cashless payment options, the transactional charges on all cards and online fund transfers must be brought to zero with immediate effect through a GoI or RBI order. This would certainly get you more mileage!

0 0 Dear PM
The biggest hurdle to your dream of providing housing for all is the lack of participation by those who need the house. You need to empower poor staying in slums run by land mafias in the cities and tribals who live on forest or govt lands. I suggest that like Vinoba Bhave you declare that any poor or tribal staying fir more than 10 years in such houses become the owner of land occupied. Once this is done govt can use this land value to empower them to build their homes.

0 0 RESPECTED PRADHANMANTRI JI, YU HAVE TAKEN VERY GOOD DECISION FOR CURRENCY CONTROL AND STOP BLACK MONEY. NOW I REQUEST YOU TO PLEASE LIBERAL DEPARTMENT PROCEDURE SO A COMMON MAN CAN DO PROPER BUSINESS WITH FULL INTEGRITY. TODAY IS VERY CRITICAL POSITION TO COMPLETE GOVERNEMTN PROCEDURE FOR START A BUSINESS. EARLIER STATE ROC WILL HANDLE THE INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANY PROCEDURE BUT NOW ONLY IN DELHI MCA OFFICER WILL DOING THIS WORK. DETAILS ATTACHED WITH FILE ENCLOSED.

0 0 #MannkiBaat
Sir,
Yesterday my birthday,
I went goverment school and poor,not fatherand mother student's gave pencils.student's very haapy.
My self proud.
I said you futher india and clean india.
Every year my birth celebration with poor people.
Mare deshvasi ko sandesha he ki aap bhi ase tarike se aap na birthday celebration kari ye..jay hind

1 0 Respected PM Sri Modi Ji,
Indian Post & Telegraph dept has reach across India, for all paytm kind of transaction Govt can use the existing set up of this dept to issue city wise / village wise/ kasba wise cards to every one at almost no additional cost. Most Indian citizen spending below certain amount should get this free.
Faith of people on this dept will help them preload the INDIAN POST  CASH CARD
Thank you Sir,

0 0 I Am Deependra(Mo.8741051080)
Sir Me Central Bank Of India Branch Degana dist Nagaur Rajasthan 341503 Me Business Correspondents Agent Ka Job Kr Rha tha lekin Hmare Ko Abhi Hta Diya h Jisse Mere Village (1500 Account)old pension,Handicap And Other Bank Account Wale Preshan Ho Gye. Iski Regional Office Jaipur se Ptta Kro Ki kyo Htaye h 2 years Se me kam kr rha tha or Degana Area Ke Logo Ko Bank Ki Hr Trh Ki Jankari Deta Tha lekin Kya Ptta Kis wjah Se Hta Diya.

0 0 Respected PM, while people in general are being taught to be honest and pay their taxes for national upliftment, it is sad to note that the law makers, parliamentarians are not taxed. They too are getting salaries like all employees, why shouldn't they be taxed too. I request a provision be incorporated in the budget whereby MPs and MLAs should be subject to same Tax rules as general public. Why preferential treatment to the elected leaders.

0 0 Dear Sir
It very important to educate people in  rural and village on E-payment system in this high time. Because majority of the  people seeking for personal assistance in cashless methods.I suggest that kindly take immediate help of the schools and colleges  to educates people in rural and villages.  we have done same in the villages. we got satisfactory results with help of Engineering students.

2 0 dear pm,
20-12-16----CASH PROBLEM STILL NOT SOLVED N CHENNAI & ACROSS TAMILNADU..WE ARE GETTING ONLY RS2000  NOTES--BJP S LOSING ITS FACE & POPULARITY S GOING UP--PEOPLE ARE FED UP WITH YOUR GOVT

0 0 Sir, i have thought and compiled an unusual idea called "Integrated Rural Development Plan (IRDA)" for over all development of rural India. It is simply an integration between various center & state agencies to execute the schemes in synchronized manner. This may be turn around the lifestyle of people living in rural part of country. This may be started with pilot project for atleast 01 district of any state. The output of the integration will be in the form of various benefits as  enclosed.

0 0 Dear PM, during the Demonetisation drive, it was frequently observed that bankers provided preferential treatment to some of their customers, while general public was being paid a meagre sum of Rs.4000 only. I request an audit be conducted of all bank branches to check occurrence of such preferential treatment by some bankers. This will be a big boost to honest bankers round the country and a deterrent to dishonest cabal.

0 0 Online transaction and digital India
The following attached PDF presents the reality and unwillingness of rural and some urban people to use online mode of transaction and the advantage of demonetization.
I have presented some solution for this, which may be useful for the implementation and may change the mindset of people also attract people to go online

0 0 Dear Sir, please announce that, your party will stop this Flex political advertisements, flags, etc. not even one banner used by BJP, please this new revolution u start sir, pleaseee I beg with folded hands

1 0 People will prefer to with cash tranction if charges on digital transactions continues. PM, requesting you to remove all kind of charges from digital payments

0 0 Dear PM, umpteen number of times it is found that the traders are unwilling to accept digital payment,which compels customer to pay in cash. I suggest it should be made incumbent upon the traders to have digital payment instruments installed at their places so that people are not put to hardship. Further, all charges on Digital payment platforms in whatever form must be dispensed with, that will be the biggest incentive for the people.

0 0 respected sir , i am from karnataka state , my name is nataraj , my mobile no is 9845066153
i am doing business i am not getting payment in time with my client , so i cant able to pay tax in time , i am boring money form my friend and relevates to pay tax , is any rule can be applied so i are we get payment in time ,  if u make any rule so most of youth will be self employed , they get trust that they will get payment ,
regards
nataraj

0 0 Dear sir, please this be the new mantra

1 0 In order to boost cashless transactions, govt needs to remove all charges from digital transactions (netr, rtgs, fuel charges..etc)

0 0 Dear Mr PM,
Jaypee Kosmos project - Sector 128 Noida - launched 2008, > 15000 buyers. After 7 years of investment nothing given by court or builder. "KOSMOS UNITED HOME BUYERS WELFARE ASSOCIATION" - of buyers filed case number: CC/1697/2016 on 10/10/2016 in Justice V.K.Jain's court in NCDRC. First hearing on 20/11/2016-judged disappeared from the court, informed judge went on leave - come back on 20/12/2016. On 20/12/2016 judge told,do not believe assoc is voluntary dismiss. Common man suffers.

0 0 Dear Mr PM,
Jaypee Kosmos project - Sector 128 Noida - launched 2008, > 15000 buyers. After 7 years of investment nothing given by court or builder. "KOSMOS UNITED HOME BUYERS WELFARE ASSOCIATION" - of buyers filed case number: CC/1697/2016 on 10/10/2016 in Justice V.K.Jain's court in NCDRC. First hearing on 20/11/2016-judged disappeared from the court, informed judge went on leave - come back on 20/12/2016. On 20/12/2016 judge told,do not believe assoc is voluntary dismiss. Common man suffers.

0 0 Dear Mr PM,
Jaypee Kosmos project - Sector 128 Noida - launched 2008, > 15000 buyers. After 7 years of investment nothing given by court or builder. "KOSMOS UNITED HOME BUYERS WELFARE ASSOCIATION" - of buyers filed case number: CC/1697/2016 on 10/10/2016 in Justice V.K.Jain's court in NCDRC. First hearing on 20/11/2016-judged disappeared from the court, informed judge went on leave - come back on 20/12/2016. On 20/12/2016 judge told,do not believe assoc is voluntary dismiss. Common man suffers.

0 0 Dear Mr PM,
Jaypee Kosmos project - Sector 128 Noida - launched 2008, > 15000 buyers. After 7 years of investment nothing given by court or builder. "KOSMOS UNITED HOME BUYERS WELFARE ASSOCIATION" - of buyers filed case number: CC/1697/2016 on 10/10/2016 in Justice V.K.Jain's court in NCDRC. First hearing on 20/11/2016-judged disappeared from the court, informed judge went on leave - come back on 20/12/2016. On 20/12/2016 judge told,do not believe assoc is voluntary dismiss. Common man suffers.

0 0 Respected Sir, I (from Gujarat, place Kalol-382721) request you to arrange to pass-on the instruction to concerned central dept./person who is associated with Swachhata Abhiyan in Gujarat in Kalol-382721(located in the Gandhinagar District, Gujarat). Since I numerous times complaint with request(in writing) to Kalol Nagar Palika about changing of huge waste location which is presently dumped at Kalol Civil Hospital compound wall located in the Kalol main road.But no action taken since long back.

0 0 Dear sir please to improved the life of 500 million people, the NGOs to be supported, please pass this bill

1 0 Promote people to notify black money info the income tax department using a toll free number & blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.in. Assure the people about that
1.	Individual identity will be protected.
2.	Request the back staff and assure them on protection against scrutiny/identity to reveal the info about illegal transactions. Best place to start and eliminate the black money circulation.
3.	Promote UPI transactions

0 0 respected PM, after successful demonetization now,1- start surgical strike on BENAMI ,so that every Indian of this country has his own shelter on his head.2-stricter laws and punishment for corrupted, so that others will not follow.3-remove beggary from entire India. 4- goondas ,corrupted , illiterate politicians cannot be given chance to contest election or lead people.5-introduce single government app for reporting any wrong doings of society and actions taken immediately by the government.

0 0 Dear Sir, please it is high time we passed the Land Conservation Bill, fixing permanently land for agri, forests, development, etc.

0 0 Dear PM. Our cashless economy is dominated by VISA, MasterCard and DINERS EXPRESS. All of them skim off about 2 % of the transaction value for every transaction made. All this money goes abroad. Now that the Government of India is rightly pushing the country towards a less cash economy, it is imperative to have cards wherein, the commission remains in India and not more than 0.25 % of the transaction value is skimmed off by the card and card service provider. There could be a minimum charge

1 0 Sir Introduce a RTC(Road trasportation Card) debit card and its specified POS machines through out the country which should aplicable to all state rtc departments to encourage cashless transaction and to reduce the currency change scarcity in RTC buses for example if i have this RTC card i simply get on the bus and i give my card to cunductor,if i go to onther state the same card should applicable in that state also.

0 0 Deependra(Mo.8741051080)
Sir Me Central Bank Of India Branch Degana Me Business Correspondent Agent Ka Job kr rha Lekin Hmare ko Hta Diya
Regional office Jaipur Me Bat Krke Iska Ptta Kre Jisse Mere Village (1500 Account)Walo Ke old pension,HANDICAP Pension Other Bank costamar Ko Suvidha De Sku

0 0 ಮಾನ್ಯ ಗೌರವಾನ್ವಿತ  ಪ್ರಧಾನಿಯಾದ  ಶ್ರೀ. ನರೇಂದ್ರ ಮೋದಿಜೀಯವರಿಗೆ ನಮಸ್ಕಾರಗಳು…
          ತಾವು ಭ್ರಷ್ಟಾಚಾರ ಮತ್ತು ಖೋಟಾ ನೋಟುಗಳ ಹಾವಳಿಗೆ ಕಡಿವಾಣ ಹಾಕಬೇಕೆಂದು  ನಗದು ರಹಿತ (Cash less) ವಹಿವಾಟಿಗೆ ಪ್ರೋತ್ಸಾಹ ನೀಡುತ್ತಿದ್ದಿರಿ. ಇದು ತುಂಬ ಉತ್ತಮ ಬೆಳವಣಿಗೆ. ಆದರೆ POS Machin ಗೆ ಅಧಿಕ ಬೆಲೆ ಇರುವುದರಿಂದ ಹೆಚ್ಚಿನ ಅಂಗಡಿಯವರು ಅಳವಡಿಸಿಕೊಳ್ಳಲು ಮನಸ್ಸು ಮಾಡುತ್ತಿಲ್ಲ, ಆದ್ದರಿಂದ ತಾವು  ಎಲ್ಲಾ ಅಂಗಡಿಗಳಿಗೆ POS Machin  ಉಚಿತವಾಗಿ ಅಥವಾ ಅತೀ ಕಡಿಮೆ ದರದಲ್ಲಿ ಓದಗಿಸುವುದರೊಂದಿಗೆ ಇದರ ಬಗ್ಗೆ ಅಂಗಡಿ ಮಾಲಿಕರಿಗೆ ತರಬೇತಿ ನೀಡಲು ಕ್ರಮಕೈಗೊಳ್ಳಬೇಕೆಂದು ವಿನಂತಿಸುತ್ತೇನೆ.

0 0 Dear Mr PM,
Jaypee Kosmos project - Sector 128 Noida - launched 2008, > 15000 buyers. After 7 years of investment nothing given by court or builder. "KOSMOS UNITED HOME BUYERS WELFARE ASSOCIATION" - of buyers filed case number: CC/1697/2016 on 10/10/2016 in Justice V.K.Jain's court in NCDRC. First hearing on 20/11/2016-judged disappeared from the court, informed judge went on leave - come back on 20/12/2016. On 20/12/2016 judge told,do not believe assoc is voluntary dismiss. Common man suffers.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Please check the attachment & consider my inputs.
Jai Hind!

0 0 Dear Sir
On demonetisation,
1) Please publish a booklet in every regional language from every bank to explain to the customers how to transact using online methods and thorugh mobile. Please try to illustrate it with animated pictures. Also booklets can also be released with every newspaper and magazine. Also describe the benefits of this to the people personally and to the country eventually. #MannKiBaat #DemonetisationIdeas

0 0 Sir;our country is the country where more than 65% of population are youth.... But as we can see because of lack of guidance and introduction of new idea.. they are
Unable to utilise and identify their potential.. Which effect our growth rate...
 Youth if didn't get into the traditional jobs or institute ;he doesn't know the other way of development..
Schemes should be made which introduce different idea on the ground level so that we can utilise maximum of our youth for transforming india

0 0 TO CONTROL INFLATION STRICTLY IMPLEMENT STOCK LIMITS ON ALL ESSENTIAL COMMODITIES

0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी आपसे प्रेरणा लेकर हमारी गुरव समाज अपनी संस्कृति और बोली को सहेजने के लिए डिजिटल मिडिया का उपयोग कर के गुरव ग्रन्थ का निर्माण कर रही है और कैशे लेश तरीका का उपयोग कर के उसके लिए सहयोग राशि एकत्र कर रही है

0 0 Good Afternoon PM sir. my name is M. Shivprakash, i have a suggestion on Demonetization. Well the move to scrap 1000 and 500 rs was very good venture, but people are facing issues with it. i have a humble request please think it over and try to printout and distribute the notes of denomination of 200 and 300 rupees. We know that you have asked for 50 days and we are ready to give you more days as well but please think over of the suggestion which i have given. Thank you

0 0 Respected sir,
As i heard today that while travelling in train there are some difficulties like small shopkeepers does not have machines. So, in that case how one can manage without eating refreshments or  reading newspaper.Finally, if we want to make cashless india then banks came forward to help us as well as small shopkepers.

1 0 Good Morning MyGov team,
Please find the attachment of poem new initiative for cashless society and digitization of cash.
If any mistake please forgive me.
thank you so much

0 0 sir your recent announcement for rs 2 crores turnover six percent to be maintained never possible in agriculture sector please do make the exemption who are trading in agriculture sector make all government transactions digitally above rs 19000 even the state government should srictly follow the norms

0 0 Dear Sir,
I have Written Poem on "Demonetization" kindly include the same in our Mann ki Baat Progm.  With Kind Regards, Nilesh Sonawane, Nashik , Maharashtra.

0 0 PUBLIC TRANSPORT SYSTEM
Is it not the right time now (when our country is one of the fist to accept the Paris Protocol on pollution), in the interest of avoiding the grave negatives of increased use of personal vehicles, to have a serious introspection by the government on having a very effective public transport system and encourage the people to use the same more often? If possible, public transport shall be made almost free. To compensate, the personal vehicles shall be taxed heavily.

0 0 when going to save our Army man lives. when going to built the permanent compound wall in our Border. Make automatic camera with fire gun to secure our borders. the wall should be height and unreachable kindly check with Afghan NATO Army Base wall they fighting inside the place of talibans. why we cannot built like that walls. it's one time investment. think about it

0 0 Dear sir our railway stations must be devoloped as like airports all railway stations in India should be clean and hygienic also all railway tracks should have iron fencing on both sides,all trains should have automatic open and closing doors,all passengers should be given special card which should be used to take tickets,even small railway station should be developed as like all stations also security systems should be made compulsory.

1 0 Eventhough there is RTE ruling and implementation, several schools refuse to offer seats under RTE. Even as the process of online allotments of reserved quota RTE seats is in a quandary, those who have been allotted seats are being denied admission by a number of schools in the city in Bangalore on various grounds.This is nothing but a negligence on the part of the state government for not taking in to the proper consideration and strict implementation of the RTE.EWS childs are denied rights to

0 0 The Government should bring the project to allow tapping of Neera, sweet sap from coconut trees, which will be helpful to coconut growers.  In the view of farmers the government should think to setup of Neera Board in each state to regulate the scheme.  As this can be regulated by way of close monitoring of demand and supply of Neera as a nutritious soft drink.  It is not only about tapping Neera but also processing byproducts like palm syrup, Jaggery and Sugar.

0 0 In some of the metro city’s including Bangalore is increasingly becoming infamous for it shoddy infrastructure & poor road safety measure. There are stretches/junctions in Bangalore where pedestrian deaths are frequent and road that need attention. In Sec. 22 of KMC Act 1976, the Corporation is duty bound to design, build & maintain Roads, pavements, streetlights & pedestrian crossings. But these are poor & abysmal.

0 0 Most of them are not happy with this budget,increasing service tax means that everything will become expensive,like cost of food in restaurants,cost of packaged drinking water,etc.Budget favours big Industrialists & Corporate houses.Agriculture & Rural Development sectors have been ignored.Curtailing of subsidies for the social sector is an attack on the poor.Gap between rich & poor will be widened.

0 0 Technology is replacing low skilled jobs in our country & education has become barrier for the middleclass involved in routine activities to take up high skilled jobs.We prefer a more gentle approach to tackle inflation with a lot more state participation & intervention,increase productivity by creating a unified market,reducing the barriers to population & capital movement.

0 0 Also the suffering of animals both domestic, wild, street animals can never help in giving us peace or harmony . The trees and the  birds all contribute in helping us enjoy peace and health because they send positive vibrations and form the  complete chain for our survival.These factors have to be thought out in any planned development.  Strife and violent areas have seen the destruction of nature in its entirety.In our progress and thrusts we need to focus on taking along nature with us

0 0 The self cheque fiasco.
daily workers which are in non organised sector, painters, carpenters etc. are trying get around the system by not opening their bank account and taking a self cheque to maintain cash traxn and thus not coming to formal banking sector.
I suggest that gov should bring a banking rule so that a cheque drawn on self should be aadhar validated.person who is depositing cheque must present his aadhar number and when biometric data is validated at bank then cash can be given

0 0 Sir please tell the benefit of demonetisation to the people in simple language and ensure them that all money hiding in wrong place is now come to the banking channel and now you earn the interest on your money. Sir please don't circulate more money not one third ( 5 lac crore) in the system and credit card transaction charges should be.5% maximum to encourage digital transaction. Please impose transaction tax and give some relief in income tax because not body mind business transaction fee.

1 0 Respected PM,India based job outsourcing companies have been doing too many malpractices.Especially in contract employments.These companies enjoy many exceptions in labour laws and others mainly for ease of doing business & innovations.Not for doing corporate crimes & spoiling lives.If a 6 month contract job in a job outsourcing company can spoil great future possibilities of trillion dollar businesses and thousands of jobs, that is really worst.Really disappointing,demotivating & frustrating.

0 0 After 15 years the GOI addressing the ills of the health sector which is crying for attention.The national & state health insurance schemes should be aligned in to a single insurance schemes & a single fund pool reducing fragmentation.The first is to increase the health budget and the expenditure.Awareness & campaign on various health issues is a must,& introduce low cost housing measures supplemented by an exponential increase in allocation for social development

0 0 Government should spell out a vision to educate the youth of the country,provide affordable healthcare & introduce low cost housing measures supplemented by an exponential increase in allocation for social development. Improve transparency & accountability for common man. As countries become rich,government finances & policies warrant closer scrutiny.

0 0 Pranams PMji
 The pollution  from harsh  detergents, soaps fertilizers, pesticides, medicines, waste(batteries,plastic,heavymetals ...)  littering the countryside everywhere , all these are joining our water sources from where we get our potable drinking water. Also the  all this is also poisoning our soils . Now we never to get see ants or small creatures which were in abundance in the soil 30 years back . This gives an indication of the  health of our soil and the type of food grown.

0 0 Espionage is undertaken by low level people for a few thousands & seemed to have looked for some specific files.It definitely indicates that senior peoples within the government & in these reported companies may be involved.Clandestine activities may have not only adversely affects the country’s economy but perhaps even seriously compromise the country’s security.

0 0 Dear sir, Digital India ke liye new generation ko aange aana hoga aur wo log aa bhi rahe hain. Gaun aur dehat me aap apne volunteers ko bhej kar digital india aur cashless lenden ke barein me prerit karen. Aapne jaise ek pahal start ki thi ko desh ki janta jhadu lekar safai kare aur logo ne start bhi kar diya tha vaise hi aap logo se appel kare ki wo cashless lenden hi karenge aur minimum 10 logo ko cashless lenden ke liye jagruk karenge. Mian apne dhudhwale , room rent , maid ko casless payment

0 0 The Budgets should be focused on economic weaker sections to the social security schemes.  Preference has to be given mainly to health, water resources, agriculture, education, energy, social welfare, etc.  Today most of the EWS families are not benefiting with these schemes & this has been adopted by some APL families. Then what is the useful of the presenting budget for weaker sections without implementing properly.

0 0 Several people purchase immovable properties from trusted one or agent/broker/real estaters by spending their life savings, later discover it has illegal. In order to protect government lands from encroachment and illegal use proper fencing of the government property will go in the long way without giving room for fencing by unauthorized persons.

0 0 Implement Beti Bachao,Beti Padao scheme effectively.The fact that a new scheme has been thought of to prevent the killing of girls in the womb or soon after they are born, shows that earlier programmes have not been very successful.This financial schemes will benefit girl children to provide an incentive to bring up and educate girls in some cases and financially support them.The dowry system has created a bias against girls.

0 0 Dear prime minister, The black money develops from corruption and the root cause for corruption starts from government organization itself. I have to pay bribe for new water connection or EB connection to get my work done faster. Please encourage them for incentive to finish public tasks fast. I hope this may eliminate root for bribe for both public and Government elements, Ultimately It could be a step towards stopping  birth of black money.

0 0 I believe that true test of good governance means effectively guaranteeing certain rights, which among others include the right to health.For a reality there is crying need for the government to create necessary infrastructure to provide proper & adequate health care facilities for all particularly for the people belonging to the vulnerable sections of our society as a constitutional fundamental right. It is essential for health of the poor for upholding their human dignity.

0 0 when india 1 Rupee = 1 US doller..? its 2020 or 2030 or 2050 or 2500..?

0 0 The blasts at Hyderabad by Indian Mujahideen are still haunted by physical pain and mental agony.The NIA special court verdict comes as a solace to the common Indian and sends this a strong message against terrorism and Organized Crimes.The death penalty of yasin bhatkal and 4 others would go a long way as a deterrent against terrorism.No remorse should not be shown to these type of terrorists.They cause threat & damage to national Security & interest of the country.Show no leniency to them.

1 0 Modi Sir,
I want to address one issue which my wife Mrs. Swastika Deb Dey shared with me yesterday. The issue is as below
Father and Mother of an unmarried  women are covered under Corporate or official Medical insurance facility of a working lady but while she got married the same facility does not apply to them. After marriage  the  medical facility only apply to her husband and children.
Question here is what the  parents do then those who have only one working/earning gilr chiid.

0 0 Respected sir,
    Plz increase the number of govt. hospitals in rural areas which will leads to increase the pharmacies and poor people can easily facilated to solve health related issue.in low costs.
Jai hind..

0 0 Not only modiji but we the people of BHARAT have responsibility as well. PLEASE tell people about their responsibility.eg. we can collect a group of people to teach them digital methods of payment.

0 0 Dear PM Modi sir ,The whole country is looking the benefits after demonetization. The farmer could get relaxation in his loan? They will get the suitable rate for their crops and for that government has to purchase products from farmers directly not from agents.The small industries are also looking to the government for transparent system for their product purchasing. The all tax payers are expecting the tax slab relaxation upto 5 lacs. Please discuss about the relation ship with Russia. JaiHind

0 0 Sir, It is good to go with cashless system, But the other side we should have a proper regulation about the charges, charge by the Bank. My Bank never charge me for Net banking(NEFT) transaction earlier , But from past 1 month we suddenly start charging for all NEFT Trascation Even for Rs.100/-. Reduce the Transaction charges for Card Swipe to Lowest Limit, So that people will benefit and happy to use POS system.Make NEFT Free for Amount Upto 3 Lakhs, So that small business can benefit.

1 0 There should be demarcation of boundaries between cooperative banks and commercial
 banks in India both working under RBI whereas commercial banks started lending medium and long term term loans and housing loans which unbalanced portfolio of time and demand deposits often necessciting capital restructuring lose profitability in long run the discussion point is why commercial banks lend more than 3 years term even with refinancing from term lending institutions why cooperative banks not allowed

0 0 आदेनीय मोदी जी सादर नमस्कार  नोटबंदी के बहुत ही उत्तम फैसले जो जनता को कष्ट हुआ है उसे समाप्त करने के लिए राजनेतिक पार्टी के चदे पर अंकुश की घोषणा एवं कुछ बड़ी मछलिया जो पकड़ी जा चुकी है उनके नाम की घोषणा क्र देंगे तो आपकी जय जय कार होगी . क्योकि बहुत बड़ी जनता आपको आने वाले १५ सालो तक प्रधानमंत्री देखना चाहती है लेकिन जनता तो जनता है बहुत जल्दी बहक जाती है . आपकी पेसेंस को प्रणाम

0 0 Dear Prime Minister, please set a limit on the cash that can be held by individuals. This would stop hoarding of cash. With the available options for digital and check payments, there is not reason for someone to hold cash in high value.
Also, please reduce the taxes on petroleum. When the oil prices went down, the taxes were increased and was mentioned that the same funds will be used to keep prices stable when crude prices increase. Please control oil prices. We can't afford them now.

1 0 Respected PM,India based job outsourcing companies like Cognizant Technology Solutions have been doing too many malpractices.Especially in contract employments.Hiring the prey as contractor.Steal his knowledge & ideas.Then start the harassment & throw him out of the company as dead or half alive.This business model is cheating & robbery only.Many of the supervisors & managers in these companies are real criminals.This must be stopped immediately for a reliable growth of India & the world.

0 0 R/Sir,
A few points for consideration listed in attached doc

0 0 Dear PM sir,
जय भारत.
Firstly i would take this opportunity to thank you so much for all your efforts to make India shining and we all are proud of you. We are fortunate to have a PM like you,we just wanted to inform you that We have launched www.sahinivesh.com website after getting inspired from your Demonetization & cash-less India program on the theme "आओ सिखाये एक नया भारत बनाये". this website was launched at 8 PM on 18th Dec 16. we want to say "डरने की है क्या बात, जब PM मोदी सर है साथ".

0 0 आजकल वित्त मंत्री बजट पर सबसे सुझाव मांग रहे है, मेरा सुझाव व्यापारी वर्ग की तरफ से है कि व्यापारी वर्ग जो भी इनकम टैक्स एवम GST जमा कराए उसका 10% सरकार उस व्यापारी के अलग खाते में जमा करदे, जैसे PF में जमा होता है ,तथा उस पर ब्याज भी मिलता रहे ताकि जब व्यापारी अपने वृद्ध अवस्था या अन्य किसी कारणवश व्यापर ना कर पाए; तो उसको वो पैसा ब्याज सहित उसको मिल जाये .

0 0 Dear PM sir,
जय भारत.
Firstly i would take this opportunity to thank you so much for all your efforts to make India shining and we all are proud of you. We are fortunate to have a PM like you,we just wanted to inform you that We have launched www.minedentist.com website after getting inspired from your Digital health program on the theme "आओ सिखाये एक नया भारत बनाये".

1 0 आयकर की सीमा बढ़ाने की बात हो रही है, आयकर की सीमा बिलकुल नहीं बढ़ानी चाहिए बल्कि आयकर की दरे कम करे और प्रथम स्लैब को 10% से घटाकर 5% करे और ऊपर की दरे भी इसी अनुसार घटाए. ताकि अधिक से अधिक लोग आयकर से जुड़े यदि आयकर की सीमा बढाई गई तो लाखो लोग टैक्स से बहार हो जायेंगे, चाहे थोडा ले लेकिन अधिक लोगो को जोड़े लोगो में जागरूकता आएगी. गाढी कमाई से जब देश को देंगे तो सरकार से सवाल पूछने की हिम्मत और अपने दिए पैसों की बर्बादी पर आवाज उठाने, अंकुश लगाने का हौसला भी आएगा।

0 0 For catching the corruption on demobilisation , since police had caught so many defaulters during last few days , the enquiry should be on a fast track and the last culprit should be traced that will help you to find the other defaults done by that person and the entire racket would be caught , since all the new currency was coming from banking so it is clear that the some bankers are involve and easy way to trace them is reaching to the trail

0 0 Sir,
During the Christmas and New Year celebration season a lot of people go to the sweet shops and bakeries.  But these retail outlets are not receiving payments in digital mode.  If you ask these vendors specifically to switch over to the digital mode, a lot of citizens will benefit.
We are becoming a nation of diabetics.  So it is good if these sweet shops and bakeries pay taxes to offset the social burden due to the increase of diabetes.  I am writing his from Tiruchirapalli, Tamilnadu.

0 0 Dear PM, humble suggestion. Today, a pensioner gets benefits when he crosses 80,90,100 ie when he completes 80,90,100 ie when enters 81,91,101 instead of that aged should get that benefit when he enters 80,90 and 100 ie running 80,90 and 100. it will be a marvelous, majestic new year gift to elders. hence this prayer. Vasantrao sudke Guruji parbhani, Maharashtra

0 0 sir during cashless economy at times of natural calamities is very difficult many places cards may not be accepted you have to find ways to tackle these kinds of problem during cyclones and heavy rainfall

2 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,सादर नमस्कार॑,मैं आपका ध्यान देश में जर्जर हो चुकी चिकत्सा व्यवस्था की और दिलाना चाहता हूँ I सरकारी और प्राइवेट ईलाज में बड़ा फर्क दिखता है,जब कोई राजनेता अथवा विख्यात व्यक्ति प्राइवेट अस्पताल में ईलाज करवाता है I लेकिन देश की गरीब जनता सरकारी अस्पतालों में ईलाज के अभाव में तिल-तिल मरती है I आपसे अनुरोध है कि सरकारी अस्पतालों में बेहतर डॉक्टर और उपकरण उपलब्ध करवाने की योजना बनाएं I बेशक यह स्टेट्स का मेटर है लेकिन यह दुर्दशा अखिल भारतीय स्तर पर है I आपका-सुरेंदर सिंह बागी

0 0 Sir,
I want to share an idea to secure the life of female,that we should make a compulsory that all female candidates who are doing study have complete the courses of marsal arts ,that will ultimate secure there life for future and this idea will lead to enhance the job opportunities in schools and colleges etc.... That will ultimately
 solve the problem to certain level upto an extent,so sir I hope you will implement this idea for females..

0 0 Honable pm sir
To catch corrupt bank staff
1:upload all transaction details 8nov to 30dec
2:Advertise wherein people can see and complain if their id proof miused

2 0 Dear Honorable PMji, I think now its time to draw attention towards govt employees (Council, Corporation, PWD, Police, Collectorate Office & many more) & their method of working. Every common man of the nation is having very good experience of their corrupt behavior.We r common man, so how can we raise our point without any strong proof as we r living in d country of "Andhaa Kanoon". If dis govt employee do their duty with dignity den nobody need to get scared. So plz address to them dis tym.

2 0 IDEA OF UNINTERRUPTED CASHLESS ECONOMY EVEN DURING NATURAL CALAMITY 
SIR first i appreciate ideas of cashless economy but at time of cyclone like varda in chennnai where trees fell and mobile towers were lost signals how could cashless economy will help people ? how could they use netbanking and oter mobile apps ?
hence free wifi connection should be provided so that all people can use mobile shopping even in case of natural calamity.wifi should be provided during times of natural calamity

0 3 To promote digital india let you start campaign selfie with debit/credit cards and request all youth to make this selfie their profile pics in all accounts like whatsapp, Facebook, Twitter and update all of them status with tag line digital india tabhi badhega india

0 0 Sir,
I am PSU employee . I am very torched with your demonetization & digital India initiative. Its a major step towards Black money eradication. I have following suggestion to boots and insentience the digital payments:-
1) all the digital expenditure should be reflected in for 26 AS of income tax and 5% income tax rebut can be give for the digital expenditure up to 5 Lacs in a year.
2) All the PSU bank debit card to be replaced with Ru pay debit card with nil transaction charges.

0 0 start adhaar based railway ticket cheking
this will be prevent froud in rail ticket

0 0 6.	Illegal money makes people corrupt. It creates and gives scope to become goons. It guides people in destructive way.
7.	Black money will not bring peace and harmony in self, family and also in the society.

0 0 Honorable PM Sir,After cashless situation may be crucial regarding employment/ Rozgar....so we have to allow maximum loan to people for upgrading Economy-----there will be chaos..please treat on priority basis to cover up

0 0 I am kamal & Handicapped person. I want that your government, All Handicapped, provide government job & Home because handicapped person every time physically & mantely  torcher, by any person in private job and Handicapped buses pass allow in ALL India in every state, Handicapped person belong to any state In this time not allow buses pass other state, only Residence state. You are appointed Handicapped in Railway Every Station as a Inquiry officer in inquiry window in station Thus all H.P. Arr.

0 0 5.	As people are getting illegal money. So they spend that amount in unethical way. Ex. Suppose the income of person ‘A’ is 300 per day. If he is getting 350 in any day without any extra effort (i.e. by cheating), he will think I will not keep this money, I will spend this amount for my enjoyment like drinking liquor, smoking, betting, or spending on the activity, which will harm/disturb others.

0 0 4.	No school or college can charge more fee/management fee from the student, because they will be caught in the hand of IT department.

0 0 Advantages of Demonetization:
1.	No public servant can ask bribe as the money have to be transfer only to their accounts and it will be on record.
2.	In medical doctors can’t ask for money for the treatment they provide. Because the money can only be transferred to their account
3.	In medical store, the essential medicines are charged more when it is in need. It will not happen.

1 2 पुरे भारत में प्रोपेर्टी की कीमत (नगर पालिका गाइड लाइन )डबल कर दी जाये ,और रजिस्ट्री चार्ज को आधा(६% की जगह ३%) कर दिया जाय !
संपत्तिकर को भी रेशो मिलकर कम कर दिया जाये (उदारण -१०,५०,०००.की सम्पति का  रजिस्ट्री चार्ज ६% से है ६३०००.०० है
अगर इसे नई गाइड लाइन कीमत से देखे तो १०५००००*२=२१००००० होगी और राजिस्ट्री खर्च होगा २१००००० का ३ % =६३०००.००
इससे बड़ी मात्रा में ब्लैक मनी कम होगी ! आम  जनता को कोई फर्क भी नहीं पड़ेगा ! मॉर्केट से ब्लैक मनी पूरी तरह से कम होगी !

1 0 Black Money, Political parties and common man

1 0 Sir.... you should address the peple of the nation about the pros of your demonetisation decision how it is benificial for the country and that the shortage of the currency will be over soon and it will help us a lot....... it was the bes decision you have made to shut the mouths of black money holders....

1 0 Bhatat mata ki jai! Sir very good morning First of all we are with you on demonetization I want to share an idea to make our cashless programme in subject to reach maximum people in rular area
Sir as we can see District Banks in our country are available in each and every village of nation so my idea is that is it possible state bank to takeover that each and every district bank so SBI will get readymade platform of all district banks and by doing this we can reach up to the last person.

1 0 DEAR sir,
 i want to draw your attention to food related issue chemicals pesticides etc used in production of vegetables fruits are damaging the public health leading to dangerous diseases so something needs to be done  to arrest the health damage

2 0 Sir Digital transaction are gud,but there are fraud company like Paytm for example i paid bsnl landline bill of Rs-5200 bal was deducted by bank, but on bsnl site they didnt receive payment confirmation.When i called paytm customer care no-7896901418 they listend my problem & hv cut the phone & again i tried call they didint receive.If we go to paytm site & see comment there are 99% complain deducted from bank account,but trancation amt not reflected.Sir plz take action against these fraund co.

0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister,
Regarding your move towards banning black money has to be appreciated enormously. And we the citizens going through difficulties is like 'We Fighting the War Against Corruption' and we are happy to be a part of it. You made us feel like 'The Military Forces' Fighting 'The Enemies' within the country, who are cheating the Government. Hats off to you, Sir.

0 0 Honourable PM Modi Ji , I am just a student and have not so much to suggest any brilliant idea but I want to draw your attention towards the major issue of West Bengal.Recently there has been a number of riots in the outskirts of city.Communal violence has become a great problem there. The condition is even worst than Jammu and Kashmir . but unfortunately police and government there is doing nothing. So l heartly request you to raise this topic to provide Hindu Indians protection and security.

1 0 Maninaya PradhanMantri Ji bahut dukhi ke sath kehna pad rha h ki sirf sawach bharat se
kam nhi chalega hmare desh mai bahut sare yuwak keede ghum rhe h unhe v saf krna h.Mere city Ranchi mai 18-12-2016 ko kuch yuwak logo ne ghar m ghus kar ek 19 saal ki ladki
ka rape kiya or usse jala diya.Ye nyi bat nhi h desh m aaye din
ye hadsha ho rha h.To mai apse nivedan krta hu ki pure desh mai CCTV lagaya jay or en kukarmiyoon ko instant kadi se kadi saza di jay jise ye kukarm krne wale soche hi na.

0 0 Modi ji Aap apne bhashan me uttrakhand k bare me b kuch jarur kahe yaha garhwal se rapidly migration ho raha h plz isk liye aap logo se appeal kre modi ji gaon din pratidin khali hote ja rahe h plz modi ji iske bare me jarur kuch kariye  tourism k liye garhwal me bahut kuch h bas usko badhawa dene k liye logo ko yaha se Jane se rokne ki koshish krni hogi dhanyawad

1 0 Sir i am Randeep singh from vpo-amritpur khurd Karnal Haryana. My concern is that MRP written on a product should be helpful for a customer to purchase. But nowa days it is to make fool a customer. For eg. if you see the price written on pesticides and vety. medicines. A mrp 550 medicine is sold in 150 then what is logic of mrp. unknown public can be cheated.it needs a surgical strike.

1 0 Sir, I have got an idea that can keep the GDP at more than 10 per cent for a decade constantly besides providing a lot of job opportunities in villages. You will get support from every citizen irrespective of region, caste and religion with the idea. I would like to explain it to you. How can I get the chance?

3 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister. Sir, I have a suggestion. Why not we make 'VAAN MAHA UTSAV' a national festival. As today's pollution is getting higher and higher, I strongly believe that this is also a need of the hour. Organisation planting trees will not be enough. Every Citizen should "Plant A Tree A Year". And I am sure everyone will come forward. We have to bring it into practice and the government should promote this festival by supplying saplings, identifying place to plant the tree etc.

0 0 Dear modi ji note bane krk apne desh ko nayi aur kargar disha de di h aap Jo b kr rahe ho wo national interest me h modi ji apne sabhhi ko cashless hone ko kaha h mai chahta hu ki village areas me logo ko cashless hone k liye unko samjhana padega kyo n aap iske liye gaon me rah rahe berojgaro ko iski job de de taki hum cashless jagrukta ko gaon gaon jakar logo ko samjhaye is se rojgaar b Milena aur log cashless b banenge mai b ke berojgar hu mai b is se judkar rojgaar Panama chahta hu thnx pm ji

1 0 Namastae Modiji, Most of the world countries respect India on the basis of values. but today we are forgetting our values especially the respect which given to our parents. Most of the children when they grow up they are not ready to protect and love them .Parents are living gods so I have humble request that Modiji must talk on this topic. women development is another important matter I know well that government gave proper focus to this subject .Each family should consider the women society  .

0 0 I am expecting in your action  more & more against corruption .all political party members .Bank officer,government officer. Educational institute chairmen ,directors.   How is possible new 2000 rupees more and more have them ,Mr. Samy  is told your action is leak before . I can not believe him , we are all believe you . Your the write person of our country  ,I like your  DO or DIE policy. what country do for you  what do to the Country -(John Cannedy) that is my Policy.

2 0 Since November 8th, 2016 none of the politicians, PSU managers, Bank managers,Govt.servents is touched. This has emboldened even Mr. Rahul  Gandhi to throw personal corruption charges against the PM. Everybody knows that Black money in INDIA is available mostly with politicians, Officers and Bank Managers. If they are not touched, Demonitisation will be a huge failure and that will be a very CRUEL END to this drive.

0 0 PM had chosen anti-corruption as the platform in the last general election to project him as an alternative and effective leader. People had given a massive mandate in his favour.
IT raids across the country has got some small fish in the net. But no political party or political personality is touched.  If you want to eliminate corruption the root cause is the CORRUPT POLITICIANS and the CORRUPT officers in State and Central Govt.

0 0 First, all the regd. Political parties must submit their accounts by December31st.  When PM can ask the Indian citizen to switch over to digital way, as a citizen I am asking the PM to make sure all the political parties are not corrupt. All the political parties or personalities must receive donations in a digital way or by cheque. The Govt must display it online. This will eliminate corruption from the political circle.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
Regarding demonetization there is fear in shopkeepers for doing business
Kindly do the following
1.Launch a govt app like paytm for their confidence on e-wallet with no upper cap.
2.Give free POS machine for 0% transaction as the card transaction will fetch sales and income tax.
3.Give some discount to consumer as well to promote cash less
4.Mandatory the bill of the sale
5.Ask the wholesaler to accept E-payment right now they are asking cash
Thanks

0 0 Respected sir....
      Mai ek maharastra ke rural area se belong karata hu.jahape notebandi ke bad me bujurg lok line me ghanto khade rahke 2000 rs milata hai ya kabhikabhi milta bhi nhi.lakin hanare govt bank vale bhailok ander se pahchanvalo ko 20000 tak dete hai.plz check footages of cc tv lokated in rural areas bank.and do somthing for that.
Jai Hind.......

0 0 Jai Hind Sir, As per your idia regarding case less transaction,I got happy and I start to teach My family how to use Cards and Phone to pay bill and etc. But now I am facing problem with fuel surcharge and extra money is start to debit from my Account after 2-4 days.During Demonetization we cant get case to keep with us and I use card for petrol & 2.5+ % is extra debit by Govt.(as bank told). I am Photographer so I often travel far.I think remove surcharge from card payment to improve case less.

0 0 PM Sir, if luxary private hospitals/school/college can be built in India, why Govt can't improve infrastructure of Govt hospitals/schools/colleges. It must be. Donations in school/colleges should be BANNED. Fee should be reasonable and only through E-payment. All state ministers should be answerable for pathetic condition of Govt school/college/hospitals. Required Tollfree number and website where we can put information about corruption.

0 0 PM Sir, Congratulation for taking bold step of demonitisation. Now, Its need of time to make a rule of "One Family One Govt Job including politics". All free facilities to politicians must be withdrawn. politicians are also govt employee and there business must be takeover by govt of India. Millions tons of grains are being waste due to lack of facilities. Ek Ek dana bahumulya hai.

0 0 Namaskar sir,
Aaj mai ek bahut ghambir baat pe aapse charcha karna chahta hu.sir agar iss desh ka aam nagrik koi galti kare to usse ya to saja bhukatna hota hai ya phir fine dena hota.Jis tarah is bar sansad me koi kam kaj nahi hua kuch party ke logo ke wajah se jinhone janbhuj kar sansad me disturbance kiya .kya inke liye koi kanun nahi hona chahiye Ka??? Kyunki jaha tak mujhe pata hai sansad ka ek din ka kharcha 9 crore ke lam Sam hota hai.Isliye sir ek kade kanun banne chahiye in logo ke lie

0 0 Dear Mr Modi
If you eradicate alcohol, cigarettes etc, even crime rates will come down substantially. Also, the productivity of people will increase with less intoxification of their bodies and better utilisation of funds in their lives. 
You can call this project NASHA MUKTI ABHIYAN and start implementation in Delhi/NCR and major metros. Then implement in 2nd tier cities, towns and villages.
This will be a sure cleansing drive and straighten out people at large

0 0 Sir,
Getting info from Govt. Offices is a herculean task. I would suggest to launch a National toll free number where aadhar no of citizen would b asked and after fetching the info, the executive would inform citizen about the schemes/benefits for which he/she is eligible for, on both the National and state level. This would save the citizens from running across the Govt. Offices for getting information. The citizens can get all the info on a call to the toll free number.#MannKiBaat

0 0 Dear Mr Modi
Like Black Note bandi please implement NASHA bandi in India. Ban alcohol, cigarettes, ghutka etc. 
Launch Project NASHA MUKTI and then see how the environment becomes swach and people become more productive.

0 0 Sir,
Recently government  announced some lottery dips to encourage on line transactions. Very nice. In addition to that government has to announce insurance cover to loss of money during online transactions due to cyber attacks and similar such malpractices.so that people will come forward without any hesitation Cash less economy will be boosted

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री महोदय नोटबंदी के बाद आमजन अपने बैंक खाते के दुरूपयोग को ले कर हमेशा डरे रहते हैं। इस  मामले में मेरा सुझाव है कि कोई इस प्रकार की ऑनलाइन व्यवस्था हो की यह कोई आदमी स्वयं पता कर सके कि उसके PAN और आधार से कितने खाते हैं। आयकर विभाग या RBI के वेबसाइट पर यह व्यवस्था की जा सकती है।

0 0 Dear PM,
Till date you have focused on many  things but one thing I want to suggest is do something againest rapeist. Make such laws that no one will even dare to do this.
thank you

0 0 After demonetization many persons in various fields of activity are doing very good job to unearth new money that went out of circulation.It would be very appropriate to salute their work by introducing "honesty awards" in various categories and levels of achievements.this  can be made later as a regular feature of our democratic en devour so that honest people would get encouraged and may keep all others away from corruption.

1 0 सेवा मे,
               माननीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय जी,
सविनय निवेदन है कि संविदा,उपनल,अतिथि आदि आउटसोर्स जैसी व्यवस्था जिसमें योग्यता को नजरअंदाज कर सिर्फ सिफारिशों एवं रिश्वत को अहमियत दी जाती है। हम जैसे बेरोजगारो को हताशा एवं निराशा का सामना करना पड़ता है यह तक की प्रत्येक वर्ष इस व्यवस्था के कारण कई बेरोजगारर आत्महत्या भी कर लेते है।
    अतः महोदय से निवेदन है कि इस विषय पर अपने विचार प्रकट करने की महति कृपा करेंगे, देश के लाखों युवा बेरोजगार एवं में आपकी आभारी रहुँगी। धन्यवाद

0 0 Dear PM Narendra Modi Ji,
Sir, Good Morning and have a nice day, lets welcome 2017, a year of development,request your good selves to address on standard of food quality, hope we can expect good food for cheap price in India, Regarding Rules & Regulation, you do have to speak on this well as, as said Terrorism is not good for our country especially India...we do have to do lot to promote good values of our India and encourage people to participate in mass movements to eradicate all evils..

0 0 Dear Respected Sir , We really thankfull to you for taking the necessary steps to dig out the black money and forwarding it for the poor people development . I also want to put your eyes on a problem which people are facing , these are Bank EMI , Bad Credit card loans .Every youngster is struggling to clearing off there EMI's & Bad credit cards ,Personal loan but due to high interest rates they always be paying interest and same process is last for decades or more.i hope you understand my point.

0 0 To
The Prime Minister of India,
I would like to express my interest in concept of digital cash system promoted by central government. One concern I felt is, the commons going to grocery or fish market find it difficult to attain the maximum of digital money advantage. More over a bank account or banking mechanism, like conventional currency there should be a unique mechanism like an RBI enabled wallet system by RBI which is secure and hacker proof to do all transactions. An RBI eWallet.

0 0 Please do surgical strike on black money with political parties
Curbing black money
1. Scrutinize money donated to political party from 8th nov onwards . Penal tax of 300 % if found guilty
2.Remove section 13A ,disclose income from source even if it is 1 rupee. Pan card ,aadhaar card mandatory for donars .
3.No secret donations allowed
4. Bring political parties under tax .
5. They are doing nothing good to infra, people,welfare instead taking money to give tickets
Thanks #blackmoney

0 0 Sir..I have some ideas for world changeing from india..first step economical ur denomination idea best result in future..
Sir..2 idea for besteducation free for all the citizens.
Sir...3 idea for health free for all the citizens..theesi are primary needs of human Souls..
Then after alltymate evaluation from india every body importance for soulscience it's very very important our world...

1 0 Honable prime minister sir,
I am b.v.narsimha rao
OME INTENTION ONE INITIATION TO NATION CYCYLE YATRA FROM HYDERABAD TO SABARKATHA GUJARAT 1500 K M..
DAY 10TH IN NASHIK.. REPORTS OF MY PROMOTION AND SPREADING AWARENESS OF CASHLESS ECONOMY IM VILLAGES , SCHOOLS,BANKS,COMES UNDER RURAL AREA
.TEACHED THEM MOBILE BANKING...
REQUESTING ALL YOUTH TO DO IT WITH ONE INTENTION ONE INITIATION TO NATION.. CAMPAIGN..AND TAKE AN ACTIVE PART IN TRANSFORMATION..GO CASHLESS GO MOBILE BANKING.JAIHIND

3 0 आओ मिलकर नया भारत बनायें,
स्वच्छ भारत के साथ, डिजिटल भारत बनायें, 
भ्रष्टाचार, कालाधन से स्वच्छ होकर,
डिजिटल लेन देन को आगे बढ़ाएं |
कैश लेस न सही,
कम से कम लेस कैश को तो अपनाएं,
देश की आज़ादी में न दे पाये योगदान,
तो कोई बात नहीं,
नया भारत बनाने में तो अपना योगदान बढ़ाएं |
ये न सोचो पल भर में सब कुछ बदल जायेगा,
पर खुद से तो शुरुवात करो, देखना सारा देश बदल जायेगा,
आओ मिलकर लेस कैश अपनाएं
स्वच्छ भारत के साथ डिजिटल भारत बनायें || 
संदीप सैनी

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/helptroublepublicplaces/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/Traffics.problems.solutions.cities.nidhi.bandil...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/pollution.control.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?ref=boo...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/income.tax.black.money.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?re...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/terrorism.indian.people.response/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/human.organ.donation.sale.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/capital.punishment.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?ref=bo...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/government.services.reservations.nidhi.bandil.a...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/children.nature.crimes.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?re...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/hindus.cast.structure.causes.eradication.nidhi....

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/corruption.government.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?ref...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/dowry.women.property.rights.nidhi.bandil.agarwa...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/rich.poor.india.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?ref=bookm...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/rapes.women.india.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?ref=boo...

1 1 Sir recently petrol & diesel prices hiked by petrol 2.21 &diesel by 1.79.
When there's paise are not available at all
Why there's paise are considered
Can this paise cancelled
I suggest to cancel this paise on paper

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/rent.control.act.housing.problem/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/self.defense.lady.man/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/science.winner/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/inflation.causes.treatments/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/ProstitutionWomenMen-389255811230746/?ref=bookm...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/ScienceYoga-509161289236107/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/SurrogacyIndia-543314212524793/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/HealthByDrBandilKK/?ref=bookmarks

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/FollowingElectoralReformsIndiaNeedsUrgently/?re...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/Empower-Women-474623409297072/?ref=bookmarks

2 0 Respected sir,
              This time before new year, please speak about curse of our society. That's CASTE SYSTEM. Now, This system should be root out of our society.
Another thing z corruption...!!!
Strong action needed against corrupt persons. Specially those who r in authority (Beaurocrate & Professionals )..

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/Population-Control-Indian-Government-4792923521...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/mdical.profession.regulation.nidhi.bandil.agarw...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/wages.poorest.poor.nidhi.bandil.agarwal/?ref=bo...

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/Dr.Bandil.K.K/posts/10211393827189530

0 0 Drinking tea with the help of thermo paper glass will be of greater advantages.plze sir kindly grant my suggestion.

1 0 i want to make a humble request to modi sir please make some policy so that our farmers who are producing food for country and feeding 125 crore indians should be paid high wages as the govt employees are being paid as he is the govt employee he is giving their produced crop to govt for the country and he should be given full compensation if their crops damaged.
sir please save our farmers from committing suicide as if it will not stopped then in coming future who will produce food for us?

0 1 Sir pranam.sir you r thinking for everyone but why are you not banning plastic glass.which leads to cancer.which people r using to eat tea which leads to cancer.
They have a great need of that

1 1 I think the situation has to be change farmers should also be considered as the government workers and they should also be paid high in response to their crop.
Why the person who produce food for us is poor? 
why the situation has came that person has to suicide?
is it not our responsibility every citizens responsibility to look after our farmers who manage food for us?

1 1 sir as our brave soldiers are protecting us day and night in the same way farmers give us food by working day and night in every season.
As we are giving respect to our soldiers why not we should give the same respect to our farmers.
As the whole country unites and mourn for a soldier who gave his life for our country protection why not every citizen unites in the suicide of farmers due to high debt and less payment to his crop.

1 1 Respect PM,
Our country is suffering from one of the most dangerous thing which all type of people consume is Tobacco.It is the main reason for Diseases like cancer.People also split on public places like road ,footpath etc. And make the road dirty.Sir as a citizen of the country I Sujest to do surgical strike On Tobacco.Make Tobacco ban in India.I and maost people of the country will be thankful to you.

0 1 Sir my suggestion for my country is that govt can banned liquor in all over india. Now youth are habitually drinking liquor and is the only cause of domestic violence. Sir I know our country getting so much revenue from liquor but at the same time loosing our manpower. If we banned liquor then this manpower can be utilize in other section. Every mother, wife and sister of habitual drinker give u blessings who is victim of domestic violence. Sir need to one more surgical strike in liquor section

0 1 I am a student in class 11 sir. I personally feel that drastic changes are required against schools and colleges that take tons of money in the name of fees and donations. My parents are having a hard time. And its not only me but there are many who wish to see a change.

0 2 Sir, The labour market in the economy is very imperfect and uncertain,specially for educated youth trying in government services.Candidates who have taken more than 21 interviews for government services (including several civil services at UPSC/UPPSC/OTHER STATES BOARD & COMMISSIONS ) did not have any job till date. Thanks.

0 0 Modi sir if agar koi department corrupted hai to inme sabse pehla Naam RTO office uske Baad registry office, BDO office hai sir please hr department me  vacancy alag se honi chaiye jinka work only survey ho and every survey has recorded for example if pension is distributed to anyone then officer send to survey should not be from Development office because in development office on the name of survey money is taken.

1 0 Sir,
First you do it political surgical strike how it possible 1)liquor(brandy, whiskey, beer) please online(amazon, flipkart, snapdeal, etc) 2) medicines (tablets, tonics, injections) Please online(amazon, flipkart, snapdela, etc)

1 0 Modi sir AAP India ko less cash and corruption free Krna chahte hai bahut achi thinking hai lekin yh tabhi possible hai jab all government offices are digital and all fees and chalan, penalty, court fees are cash less mean f3s deposited in government offices online to subjected department's government account and all offices are CCTV camera detected Jude hi at jiski nigrani headquarters Kare like bank.best example is bank in which all work is completely smooth deposit and withdrawal

1 0 Hello Sir
Thanks all
I want good development in all areas, like agriculture, urban sector, financial, jobs, roads, police department, education, vigilance, power, and Industrial fields . Your development work better.
Your faithfully
Deepnarayan Choubey
Mobile no. 8826901679

0 1 I want EC to postpone announcement of elections to 26 Dec 2016;
All villages be connected by 5 Mtr roads. All Taluks connected by 10 Mtr roads. All districts connected by 15 mtr double roads.
All citiezens to get AADHAR card all citezens to open a bank/post office a/c using this Aadhar card. All villages to have post offices /act as mini banks.
All bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme having less than Rs.1000/- from 01 Nov 2016 to 25 Dec be given Rs.1000/-

3 1 ५० दिन की मुहलत में ईमानदार जनता को दुःख ,पीड़ा ,मरण मिला ;लेकिन बैंकिंग व्यवस्थापन की पूरी सच्चाई सामने आगई  की ,बैंकिंग व्यवस्थापन और बैमानोके भीच रिस्ते हैं और बैन्किंग व्यवस्था में बेईमान नेताओं  की क्या पैठ है ? खुदके काले  धनको पिछेके रस्ते बदललिया और ईमानदार जनताको भूका -प्यासा ,एटीएम -बैन्को के क़तर में खड़ा करके मरवाया!जनता और मोदी सरकार के साथ बैंकिंग व्यवस्थापन ने दूसरीबार गद्दारी कर क्रन्तिकारी निर्णय को असफल बनाने की पुरे जोरोसे सभी तरीके अपनाये ; लेकिन जनता सरकार के साथ होने

2 0 I have few ideas to share
1. Please give example of developing country Kenya who have successfully implented cashless transactions in their daily life.If they can do it, we surely can.
2.Compare this struggle for corruption free India to our 1947 stuggle for independence.Bengalis,Gujaratis snd other Indians sacrificed their time, money, comfort and life then and will do so again for a corruption free India.
3.Make elections transparent and corruption free.ĺf corruption occurs at elections, th

1 0 Sir,
"BASIC NEEDS" refers to the fundamental requirements that serve as the foundation for survival. Access to the BASIC NEEDS of life, including shelter, food, and clothing is necessary to the development of a strong community.
If MONEY is lost nothing is LOST
If HEALTH is lost something is LOST
And once the CHARACTER is lost everything is LOST
TRUE living & care for each other we make INDIA STRONG!
We stand united in rain and shine for our Soldiers (ARMY, NAVY & AIRFORCE)
**INDIAN**

0 0 Respected sir the connectivity to the home village of national flag designer (pingali venkayya from Bhtlapenumarru) is in a the worst condition like there is a saying if you take a pregnant woman through that road she Will deliver the child on the road itself, I request you to look into the issues as it's crop harvesting time and middle man are offering very low price for paddy and small farmers cannot wait for long time to repay loans or being offered old currency Please take steps to resolve.

0 0 Sir pleased with how you handled demonetization, one cannot have success over the night it takes time, I didn't understand what is the use of Shivaji memorial being built in sea with a cost of Rs3600 crore, with that we can enlighten many lives of Mumbai slum area. One more thing is I request you to wish the country people on Christmas Eve not a particular religion as all people are celebrating irrespective of religion or caste. And please construct rural areas roads and hospitals and schools

0 0 Dear Sir,
Instead of doing raid, finding black money holders. We can ask the banks to do internal audit and find the culprits whoever changed huge money through banks. If the banks didnt find it and later if the government found any malpractices then make the banks to pay huge penalty/upto cancelling their license. This will reduce our work to find the culprits in the system and find the huge transactions where the new currency was misused.

2 0 सर जी आपने ऑनलाइन शोपिंग की बात तो की हे पर अभी भी 60 % से ज्यादा दुकानों में swap मशीन नहीं हे,
मेने जब दुकानदार से पूछा तो उसने बताया के बैंक से ही मशीन नहीं आ रही हे और जब में दूसरी दुकान पे गया तो वहा मशीन थी पर दुकानदार ने कहा के कार्ड swap करने पर 2.5% extra charge लगेगा,तो मेने उससे ये भी कहा RBI का ऐसा कोई रूल नहीं हे तो इस्पे उसने कहा की मुझसे बैंक लेगी तो में तो आप से ही लूँगा तो कृपया ऑनलाइन शोपिंग या कार्ड swap पर extra चार्ज न हो ऐसी ववस्था करे
जय हिन्द

1 0 सर आपसे विनती हे की जो लोग छोटा उद्योग करते हे जैसे की भाजी वाले,नास्ता वाले या दूध वाले इन लोगो के लिए मुफ्त swap मशीन की योजना शुरू करे क्यूकी सबसे ज्यादा नकद पैसे यही देने पड़ते हे

2 0 परिवरत जो आपने किया हे वोह देश के विकास के लिए जरुरी हे
परिवर्तन विकास जी पहेली सीढ़ी हे,
देश की प्रगती के लिए परिवर्तन बहुत जरुरी हे

1 0 Sir,
I truly believe you are THE ONE for TRUTH. Every will win ever Indian heart. If you pledge to bring the TRUTH behind the death of Honorable Chief Minister Madam J Jayalalithaa.
सत्यमेव जयते नानृतं
सत्येन पन्था विततो देवयानः ।
येनाक्रमन्त्यृषयो ह्याप्तकामा
यत्र तत् सत्यस्य परमं
Truth alone triumphs; not falsehood.
Through truth the divine path is spread out
by which the sages whose desires have been completely fulfilled, reach
where that supreme treasure of Truth Resides

1 0 Sir, Please save AGRICULTURAL LANDS in INDIA. Since my schooling I was taught that AGRICULTURE is backbone to INDIA and I truly believe that it is MUST for our growing population. PLEASE STOP conversion of AGRICULTURAL LANDS for RESIDENTIAL usage.
Yours Truly,
(INDIAN)
Venkat NR

0 0 (W/o investment service for public)
Plz do 1 hospital (clinic type) in every 2nd grampanchayat. In every grampanchayat 2-3 crorepati r there want to establish their name. Give them govt land to build 300-400 sq ft for hospital & let them to keep their name like Anjali mahapatro hospital, Rajpur & can recommend all 3 staffs(Dr,Peon,Pharmacist)
People r mad for name. Plz do it…Plz plz plz plz….

0 0 (W/o investment service for public)
Plz do 1 hospital (clinic type) in every 2nd grampanchayat. In every grampanchayat 2-3 crorepati r there want to establish their name. Give them govt land to build 300-400 sq ft for hospital & let them to keep their name like Anjali mahapatro hospital, Rajpur & can recommend all 3 staffs(Dr,Peon,Pharmacist)
People r mad for name. Plz do it…Plz plz plz plz….

0 0 To boost export:
Break people’s perception that “investment for export is very high”.
•	Add 2 optional EXIM paper in graduation & invite old MBA graduates
Ask people to select 1 Sector (Eg-Pharma) & 1 nation(Eg-Nigeria)
Paper-1- EXIM fundamentals
Paper-2- FAQs (Ask exporters some FAQs-Realist-Direct to point)
How u got pharma parties 4m Nigeria? How u collect order? How u get payment 4m Nigeria? How u send goods 2 Nigeria? In which paper/web/journal u promote your co. in Nigeria? Explain

0 0 To boost export:
(Don’t assemble. trader’s word r realistic & productive than diplomatic or bookish or assembled words)
•	PLZ Make TAX FREE flight ticket to that nation (NIGERIA) Emotion ll develop
•	Select 100 schools & teach one non-English foreign language as their 3rd language.
•	Promote “RESEARCH IN INDIA” along with make in India. Invite 5000 company for research in India

0 0 Respected Sir, Kindly make ease of doing business atmosphere in India as many foreign companies n representative want to open business in India but are afraid of the corruption and difficult documentation process. We are going to face huge unemployment in coming days. Problem is with only lower middle income group, rich has money to eat..remove the huge taxes on restaurants/ MNC fast foods which is borne by the indian citizens. Corruption has not come down from birth to death certificate 4 info

0 0 Sir I am bablu kumar from begusarai Bihar,i just want to suggest on the clean India and electrified India.plz watch PDF.tnks

0 0 great time
no. of tubewells are increasing and that of lakes are decreasing which cause so extinction of ground water which very hazardious for us so UNLIKE MAKING PARKS IN COLONIES MUNICIPAL CORPORATION SHOULD MAKE SMALL COVERED PONDS IN A LOCALITY to improve ground water level and this is the time to do PLANNING..!
Thank you and gratitude

0 0 Well. let me send one more seed inside wind turbulence...
Here is my design conception, a challenge to your mind vision:
http://avalanchedrive.com
ANY discussion will be faced and responded to my email.
Best regards to your intelligence view!

1 0 namasthe sir,
I am a normal home maker in India.
Sir I'm really very proud of you sir.
I would like to join you in the welfare of our country. My idea is for women in our country. We can make karathe and some other self defense classes for girls in schools all over india. Thank you sir...

0 0 sir, i know ur govt has drafted a good IPR but sir i just want to tell u something which will give our country on other level that is petty patent. which means small patent which help our poor innovators. For example have u seen a richsahw which carried a scooter motor in thier this what we call 'jugad'. This jugad has not any patent and every one just use this jugad in thier own particular shop. As u know sir till 90s China was very poor than us but due to this patty patent theory they will now

0 0 Respected Sir
For our accepted good ideas there should be acknowledgement either by SMS or email, so I'll feel a part of our good governance.
Thanks
Dr Ram Kumar Sharma
Surgeon
Delhi
9871003586
doctor_ram@yahoo.co.in

0 0 Sir today's news tells about cash crunch hitting 20 trillion rupees worth trafficking industry in India , it is a shame on us that the governments till now has made this to grow to such an extent please make some laws to curb this. If this is not possible atleast make voluntary prostitution legal so that the illegal part can be dealt with more strictly and the unfortunate ones engaged in this business already have a proper grievance and redressal mechanism

0 0 Sir, I am writing about the Beti bachao program , it is not only the betis who are given proper care and education , but govt should create more strict mechanisms for punishing those people who engage in sexual crimes against small children. Girls from the age of 2 are getting raped in our country which is a very pathetic situation there should be proper awareness in the damage being done to the little girls and strict laws to tackle this menace and stop trafficking of girls

0 0 To Achieve Natural Girls Ratio and to prevent false fabricated PC-PNDT Cases by Corruption govt officer(DAA).
I have file of suggestions to achieve our goal without undue harm to our innocent honest doctors also.
Give some promotion for future to parents of a girl child.

0 0 Jai hind,ek chhota sa idea shair ker rha hu pta nahi koi ye padta b hoga. ok hamare desh me rural post office ke bare me inhe b digital kar dena chahiye inke pass b plastic card(ATMcard)ho,Yaha b ATM machine ho sirf passbook hi nahi.Gov.achchhe Se janti hai apke pas aankde(data)hai ki post office India ke sabhi village Se juda hua hai..30 salo Se to mai dekh sun raha hu enki halat vahi ki vahi ...Etna bada network aur 100% use nahi hota enhe digital kerna chahiye kyoki ganve me log inse sidhe...

0 0 Verify if there is a danger in near future that if technology is used to the advantage of reducing costs to reduce manpower in Manufacturing and service sector, India could lose million jobs in coming decade. We need to our human resources to be kept employed. So find such risky areas, where technology can cause perils. But at same time see for new ways for creating jobs with unique solutions to unique social, environmental, daily problems with larger scalability.

0 0 respected sir .... I have a suggestion for u as in china children how are missing ...and there complaint are recorded in police station or other government office or ngo then we paste children photos in packings of items, food item and necessary daily need this will surely help one to reach there home. and sir this is the humble request to u that if we want that our country progrees and new technologies are invented than pls pls change the education pattern of technical courses

0 0 respected PM modi ji
1. my suggestion for man ki baat is, as i am belongs to scheduled caste, and i know that there are different-different types of scholarship given by state and central govt individually.therefore is is very confusion regarding scholarship notification at different dates by offline manner. so i want to give you a suggestion that please make a official govt website for all types of scholarships and all process should be online.
2. www.mygov.in is very slow to operate.

0 0 Money Should be Deposited in Bank Accounts because in Future, Money Transfers Should not be Done in Cash Transactions. Only Card Payment Should be Done in Every Small Shops in Every Village on Any Small Total Balance of Amount. For this, Shop Owners/Runners Should Maintain Multiple Swiping Machines.

0 0 शौचालय बनवाबा
शौचालय बनवाबा भाई  शौचालय बनवाबा।
अपने घर के बड़मंशी का बहिरे न बगवाबा। ।
                                हमरी  बहिनी बिटिया बहुअय बपुरी जांय बगारे।
                                यहैं तकै झुकमुक ब्यारा का वहै उचै भिनसारे। ।
                                घर के मरजादा का भाई अब न यतर सताबा।
                                शौचालय बनवाबा भाई  शौचालय बनवाबा। । 
फिरंय लुकाये लोटिया बपुरी  मन मा डेरातीं आप।
निगडउरे मा बीछी चाबै चाह खाय ले सांप। ।
kavi hemr

0 0 Sir, India's main weak point is higher studies compared to reputed universities of World. These can be done to make India number one:
1.Stressing on less congested classroom environment with good teacher to student number ratio.
2.Encouraging out of box independent thinking linking with real world.
3.Studying should be kind of searching(Khoj) for knowledge and solutions.
4.Promoting research in non IIT institutions.
5.Encouraging private managements to give up profit motive in Education.

0 0 mahoday ji ek bhrashtachar gaon me bhi pal raha hai vh hai BPL KA aap patwaari ko Rs500/de kar garibi rekha ka ration card banba sakte hai jisse jo vastvik garib hai unki pah chaan nhi ho paa rhi hai jabki aaj ke din garib kul 30% hi hai
gareebi rekha desh ko gumraah kar rhi hai  jiska asar hamare vikas kary pr pad rha hai
 jb hamari mashinry hi makkar hai to hm kise dosh den
ek bhartiy naagrik-hemraj hans maihar mp

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister,
Shri Narendra Modi
People don't like to travel by train due to untidiness of washroom, uncleanness of compartment and lots of disturbance from Beggars, transgenders and Snacks seller. For That here are some suggestion put some air freshener in the water tank which is used in the train & put a green mat in the compartment so that it will look good.Put a donation box in every compartment for beggars and all.Here is a sample blueprint of the same.
Shantanu Agrawal

1 0 Sirji,
Please build hospitals for senior citizens in every constituency. After 60 yrs they suffered in mainly caugh,suger,pressure,heart and kidney problem. If in these hospitals these treatment available then they realy survive. Because senior citizens income is not so good but medical treatment is very costly. Doctor and hospitals are now robbed patient party. Think about it.
Thanking you,
Narendra Pal

0 0 Money Should be Deposited into their Own Bank Accounts in Life Time. Income Tax Ride Should be Done on Everyone. Black Money Holders will be Arrested. NO Q's at Banks/ATM's for Cash withdrawal.

0 0 Sir, your life is a living sacrifice for sake of many in Country.  It is said that as in Buddha's chronicles, 'Mara, the evil one' causes suffering to lives of living beings through:
1. Sensual Pleasures
2. Discontent
3. Hunger & thirst
4. Laziness
5. Greed and desire
6. Fear
7. Doubting
8. Conceit,ingratitude
9. Desiring Gains, honors, fame
10. Discrediting others of their rightful importance
  You are inspiring younger generation overcoming all these. Thanks for becoming PM.

1 0 संसद का एक मिनट देश के १३० करोड़ लोगों की १ मिनट के बराबर है इसके लिए समय का नियम बनाने से भविष्य में कभी भी कोई नुकसान नहीं होगा संसद का कार्य भी सही चलेगा संसद में किसी भी मुद्दे पर पक्ष और विपक्ष को बराबर समय मिले फिर कोई बीच में बोलता है तो उसपे तुरंत एक्शन ली जाए या फिर सभापति के दो बार कहने पर न मने तो तीसरी बार एक्शन लिया जाए

0 0 Can highly sensitive robots can be posted at border to deal with terrorists where there is high risk of losing our soldiers so that we can decrease loss and their brain can be used for major works.

2 0 Sir
I'm an excise Inspector. Today I felt helpless when I saw an auto driver fighting with a family. Police was not near to the scene. The auto driver was aware of this fact.I tried to help them. But the auto driver misbehaved with me.  That time I felt if some power was given to us I would have done something. I therefore request you to consider this and every uniformed officer should given some power.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully
Ajay Sahu

0 0 Please Provide Multiple Swiping Machines to all Small & Big Shops & Payment (even for small Amount) through all Cards (like ATM Cards, Debit Cards, Visa Master Cards, etc.) within the Duration of One Month by Sending Some People (Any Job Holders) to all Places to Distribute Swiping Machines for Marketers (Shop Holders/Runners) & also Debit Cards to all Account Holders. So that, NO Need to Use Money by Hand to Hand. NO Hand Payment. If You can do this, So many People can Feel Better.

0 0 Promotion cashless transection is the ultimate decision to make corruption free India.
I was the first person to start suggestions for cashless transection on MyGov site from 2014.
I am teaching who is coming in my contact even as my parents about cashless transection and if all younger population of India will educate near by people then India will be definitely corruption free country.
Sir I am some files of suggestions to generate interest for cashless and to pay actual tax with own will.

1 0 आज अंग्रेजी भाषा की वजह से ही $ वर्ल्ड में टॉप बन गयी सिर्फ भाषा की वजह से उन्होंने ऐसा क्या किया अंग्रेजी से ...हम चाहे तो हम भी अपनी भाषा को इतना पोपुलर करवा दे ताकि कोई भी MOU/DEALING,BUSINESS/ ETC.कुछ भी हो सब इसमें क्यूंकि हम में वो ताकत है जो अंग्रेजी में थी तब रुपया बढेगा और फिर देश .....

0 0 Sir, i am sharvan kumar. Sir we youth support you for every decision...today we need your help regarding fraud in ssc cgl 2016  mains exam ...we have proof but nobody listen us plz consider our problem...take action against culprit and who support them...

1 0 Sir namasty,
     Ham aap kuch problem shair karna chahty hai vh hai pratiyogi pariksha ki suchita ko lekr aksar prasnchinh lgta rahta hai aur jo kadi mehnt krny wale pratiyogi hai unka mehnt bekar ho jata hai ar parikcha koi wajood hi nhi rhta.ath aap vinmr nivedn hai ki kripa krky es bary kuch sochy ar kuch aisa kry ki jissy nakl maphia peperout maphia aadi aadi ka kala karobar bnd ho saky ar real pratiygi ko awsr mily bahut kripa hogi
Prep.chatra shyam pandey sohna s.nagar up

0 0 When any business won't accept cash then automatically people would have to come to digitization. This would not stop employee exploitation but also bring under Healthcare, pension and other benefits for lower grade employees. If trading business would become cashless automatically people have to open bank accounts and has to transact through that. Holding cash would be day of the past if all facilities and luxuries have to purchased through e-payment and automatically will end corruption

0 0 १-भारत एक हिंदी प्रधान देश है और संसद में हिंदी अनिवार्य होनी चाहिए क्यूंकि संसद एक मंदिर है पूरे देश का और उसको चलानेवाले सभी देवतातुल्य है क्यूंकि यहीं से सब कुछ पूरे भारत का निर्भर करता है और वहां की बातें सबको समझ आनी  चाहिए २-सभी सदस्यों को टाइम लिमिट देकर बोलने का मौका मिले और ऐसा नियम ही बने और सभापति की बात न मानने वाले वाले पर तुरंत एक्शन ली जाये क्यूंकि 5वी कक्षा के बच्चे भी अध्यापक के २ बार बोलने पर चुप हो जाते है यहाँ भी अगर कोई चुप नहीं हो तो एक्शन लो
जय हिन्द जय भारत

0 0 Please stop corruption in ssc cgl exams...tier2 exam is not conducted properly..re-conduct for pan India with good software and put ssc official at each exam center

0 0 People who are having these luxury items or facilities are not illiterate and must be from literate families. Lets  make retail/hotel/education/hospital/Auto/Travel etc industries to be cashless and those want to have these should make payment through cards, cheques, or credit cards. when they cannot declare their income in taxes than they will not be able to use it for any means as the payment for all luxury items/facilities through card means. Automatically every industry would get fairer

0 0 My Dear PM,
We are in the urge of taking India to a new level by promoting the use of technology which is required to compete with rest of the world.When 6 year old child spent 7 hours of time in school, with 7 subjects and 2 hours of homework,we are responsible for burning out the childhood life of millions of children specially in metro cities in so called age of competition.I have a humble request to limit school time to 5 hrs max for primary(1 to 4) and will CV Raman,Homi Bhabha from school

0 0 The Honorable Prime minister, now small farmers are in big trouble because they dont  know banking, under 25000 payment should be paid in cash for his craft,

0 0 Digitization and demonetization which has just begun is good thing but the black money hoarder has always and would find a way out. If we work other way round and implement the same policy black money holders and tax evaders would come out themselves eventually. We can work other way round and make digital for all luxurious life facilities and what ever the spending has to be done should be way of cheque or Cards.Make each business cashless on across industries that they have to pay by cards/chs

0 0 IAM HAVING IDEAS TO MAKE OUR TRAINS SUPER FAST BY FIXING SMALL WINDMILLS ON THEM.NOW IN SOME WORKSHOPS GOT ELECTRICITY CONVERTER.IF WE FIX MANY SMALL WINDMILLS ON THEM BY THE TRAIN SPEED WE CAN HARNESS MORE ELECTRICITY SO THE TAIN DONT WANT ANY FUELS IT WILL SUPERFAST THEN METRO TRAIN

0 0 SAI AAP KA NIRDAY BAHUT ACCHA THA PAR AAP KE NIRDAY SE MUJE BAHUT NUKSAN HO GAYA HA KUKI ME HAMESHA pos POINT KE LIYE HI ONLINE SHOPING KARTA THA AUR DOSTO SE KARWATA THA PAR AB WO MILNA BAND HO GAYA TO KYA FAYDA

0 0 मेरा सुझाव हे की ।इस बार रोजगार सृजन पे यानि की रोजगार कैसे  बराया जा सकता है ।सहरी और ग्रामीण इलाकों में रहने वाले बेरोजगार लोग कैसे अपने स्किल को बरा सकते है।

0 0 The Honorable Prime minister, gov trying to stop put black money in gold but i think gov. will be fail in because gold smuglling till continue, remove import duty on gold see the magic.

1 0 As of now now very few percent are paying taxes, mainly employees. Remaining ppl are escaping

1 0 Respected PM, Why can't exposed Black Money Holders Names the objective of demonetization is to set good examples on action on corruption , as in current situation only common men suffering by standing in queue for their hard money whereas this all corrupt are still enjoying to convert their black money in new currency, not sure what's stopping to take action and exposed their names and identity in media, I m sure this will really boost common men's trust on government

0 0 काली रात बीती देखो प्रातः की किरण।
पहली बार हुआ हिंदुस्तान में विमुद्रिकरण।।
बिगड़ गया कालेधन वालों का समीकरण।
देखो हिंदुस्तान में आ रही विकास की किरण।।
अब दहेज रूपी दानव का होगा हरण।
होगा सवा सौ करोड़ लोगों का समृद्धिकरण।।

0 0 Please aware people to save food. Some of us have the bad habit to take much in our plates and leave most of it uneaten. Those in semi-urban/rural area can grow fruits and vegetables in their yards. People should prefer home grown or home cooked food in their diet. Eating excess of oily, acidic, bad foods and junk foods can harm our health. Several diseases related to heart, kidney, stomach and brain are due to the bad food habits and treatment are expensive. So advise people to save food.

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Why black money is more in India?
Because of the highest taxes the govt collects.
The main root cause is highest slabs
Suggest to revive all the tax slabs and make three slabs across.
The first slab for poor people is 0%
The second slab for medium is 5% and
Third slab for rich is 10%
Under no circumstances the slab should not cross beyond 10%
If you implement this 80-90% Indians will pay taxes.

1 0 श्रीमान प्रधानमंत्री जी आपसे एक विनती है
जब से सारे प्रतियोगी परीक्षा ऑनलाइन होने लगे है
उनके शुल्क राशि में भारी बढ़ोतरी हुई है
इसपर कोई लगाम नही लगायी जाती
मैं एक विद्यार्थी हूँ
कुछ परीक्षाए इसलिए नही दे पाता क्योकि पैसे नही होते उसके फॉर्म भरने के लिए
अतः आपसे नम्र निवेदन है की इसपे कुछ कदम उठाये
बड़ी कृपा होगी

0 0 आदरणीय  प्रधान मंत्री  जी एक भारत  श्रेष्ठ भारत  योजना की तरह २५ दिसम्बर  को " एक नयी  पहल  "  लांच  की जाये Official Recognition of values ह्यूमन वैल्यूज का सम्मान आपके घर जो  हर सरकारी  विभाग , बैंक , कारपोरेशन  के कर्मचारियों  एवं  चुने  हुए नेताओं  लिए  अनिवार्य  हो  विभाग  के  उच्च अधिकारी  ईमानदार  , कर्मठ  कर्मचारियों  / अधिकारियों ,  पार्टी कार्य कर्ताओं का  सम्मान  २५  दिसम्बर  को  उन्ही   के  घर  पर  सूचना  दे कर ( Santa Claus  Gifts) द्वारा किया जायेगा
U deserve जीयो  सम्मान  के  साथ

0 0 The Honorable Prime minister,
I would like to share the below topics for the programme,
1.Demonetization and how a common man can be relieved in short time and way forward.
2.Job opportunities for Non IT engineers(eg.civil, electrical, mechanical etc)due to digitalization.
3.School and college education pattern should change so as to produce skilled and industry ready graduates.
4.Ease, more awareness and support from bank for start up business.
Jai hind
Maulick davey

0 0 Respected Sir, I have written poem on GST kindly include the same in our Mann ki Baat.. With Kind regards, Nilesh sonawane, Nashik, Maharashtra

0 0 Respected PM sir,
Plz introduce double decker chair car trains for 300-500km distance journey with little higher speed. Which can save time and accommodate more people with small technical changes.

0 0 Sir
I request  respected pm should gve funds to those people whose accounts deposits are nt changed in this specified period these are real people ths information will be lesson for jan dhan people also

1 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, I have a thought on the Rain Water Harvesting, may be this could have been published by others, if not i would like to share.
We can Preserve or Save the Rain Water flowing from a building terrace with a connected Pipes controlled to Small Tank, from the small tank we can make 3 options like 1 - a Line connected to a sump to store. 2 -  a line for Bore-well if exist. 3 - a line for Rain Water Harvesting Pit ( A pit loaded with sand)
This will improve the ground water

0 0 Subject: Nationalization of Agriculture (Small and Marginal land holding Farmers)
Respected Sir,
I want share one idea with you.  You already have taken a very bold step which already has made us proud. As the Govt is very much supportive to agriculture and pro-poor it will be one more drastic step to nationalize agriculture (while the possession of land will be with the farmers) taking into account only the small and marginal land holding farmers. #MannKiBaat,

0 0 Respected PM sir,
Plz make it compulsory to every registered trader, manufacturer & agency should adopt cashless billing.

0 0 Thank you Modiji for making the idea of a new India possible. Please try to control benami ownership by asking for a declaration in income tax returns that the assessee does not own benami property. If found otherwise let them surrender it to the state or face a hefty fine. JAI HIND

1 0 Respected Modi ji
I whole heartedly welcome your strong step of demonetization towards corruption free India.
Unless the government make the cashless transactions compulsory  it will not give real  results.
In many retail shops incl. Medical shops they are not accepting cards for less amounts . This acts as a hindrance for go cashless concept.
So take necessary actions to avoid these problems in the future.
Hope your reply.

0 0 Dear All . There Should be 80rs currency Note in Markit (new segment).  By this Most of the Small size businesses can Trade easily.

1 0 Sir people will be able to go cashless. But the govt first should take proper steps ..to implement. Should provide a good data speeds to go online and finish the process. There are many areas where there is network problem.
Today India can go with less cash but if proper steps are taken then India can be cashless.
Thank you

1 0 Sir I have a view on control of Black Money. The highest denomination (say 500) notes must have a expiry date of say two or three years. By this way the note cannot lie in lockers & will come back to bank & no one can hide it from the IT dept. Also fake currency will never spread & plague the economy.Only catch? technique to change the expiry date & reuse. For this my idea is something like a advanced metal stamping on note which RBI can change and reuse the note & metal both.

0 0 Desh me Police Personnel Dwara Desh ke Sabhya Nagriko par Ashabhya Bhasha (Tu, Ta, Re, Be) ka prayog asawendhanik karne ka bill aana chaiye.
Police walo ki Asbhya Jabaan me Surgical Strike ki Jaroorat Hai.
Nivedak -
Sammanjanak Zindagi Ki Pyasi Sabhya Bhartiya Janta

0 0 Respected Sir, I take your DEMONETIZATION and your PUSH for CASHLESS economy very positive. But unless you make it compulsory for LPG Cylinder Provider, NEWS PAPER VENDORS, MILK Vendors, Petro Stations, Laundry Business including Unorganised doing only IRoning, Auto Rickshaws, INTER and INTRA STATE Buses, to be Only CASHLESS, this problem then only will get solved else not. Request you to take some steps towards this.

0 0 प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
 इस बार  आप  मन की बात मै स्कूल में  हो रही   रॅगिंग(ranging) के बारे मै बोले और उस पर सरकार की राय बताई ये

0 0 Date : 01 January 2017 Sunday ,time: around 7 am
I am drinking kadak chai in my home n I pick up the newspaper and see following headline "BJP becomes first party in India which will accept all its funding;whether it is ten rupees or two thousand crore; only n only thru digital mode of payment" what a Kadak chai it will be for all the other parties on the first day of new year n ahead of UP,Punjab Polls.Sir,I believe only your good self has the stature to make such bold move. Swatchh Bharat!

0 0 Cash crunch has made many people go for cashless (digi-cash). There seems to be a benefit in adversity also.
Governments idea of printing lesser notes in future has its own merits.
There also needs to be a mechanism of gradual withdrawal of printed cash from the market and going gradually towards cashless.

0 0 Modi Ji, I am a software engineer with about 25 years of experience. I have an idea which would improve our Light Combat Aircraft which would result in improved handling of the aircraft under high G conditions faced by our pilots when they face air combat. It would also help in reducing the cockpit size and improve the seating position of the pilot such that higher Gs will be tolerated by the pilot, thus improving pilot performance in combat. Who do I share the details of this idea with?

0 0 HON'BLE SIR
ONLINE PMO COMPLAINT BEING REMOVED AND IT DOES NOT EXIST AT THE WEBSITE OF http://pgportal.gov.in/
ATTACHED THE RECEIVING COPY OF PMO Complaint no PMOPG/E/2016/0583926 dated 16.12.16
PEOPLE APPROACH TO PMO AS A LAST RESORT THROUGH ONLINE ARRANGEMENT
HOWEVER SOME FORCES ARE TRYING TO FAIL THE DIGITAL INDIA DRIVE

0 0 sir i am a student who appeared for ssc cgl tier2 on 30 nov 2016.SSC failed to conduct the exam.There were server issue,mass cheating,mismanagement and difference between no of question we attempted and submitted.When officers are recruited through this dishonest means,how can we make our dream INDIA.Genuine students tried to contact you and your ministry but didn't get any reply.I request you to intervene into this matter and also provide your precious suggestion on it in maann ki baat.

0 0 1.Abandon barat and  dancinng on roads especially in cities which cause traffic problems and even death of a patient if ambulance trapped in.
Dancing only at venue of marriage in campus.
2.save paper especially by pharma companies who use enormous paper to make display of products in  doctors chamber.instead use digital means.also waste paper in packing of drugs for physician's sample. Physician's sample to be aboished,and  to be directly given to the needy .

0 0 Sir,
My concern is regarding voting system of india. Sir i am doing job in Rajasthan however my home state is west bengal so it is not possible to go every time for Bidhansabha/loksabha vote.
So sir i am requesting u to change the voting system of india, connect the voting process with adhar card. If any one is out of home state so that he can vote using his adhar card from anywhere of india. This process also improve percentage of voter and fraud case in voting system.

0 0 Dear Sir,
For spreading awareness on Digital payments and transactions, Government can use the services of registered NGOs since they are large in number and can reach out to public faster. As per data, there are 31 lac NGOs , but all Indian population can be contacted in 1 mo,th , even if only 50% of NGOs are genuine and can reach out ( @ 5 volunteers per NGo and 10 contacts a day per volunteer) , 
Regards,
Sridhar

0 0 DearSir,
I suggest we should discuss about our Police role, sacrifices, their day to day routine, festival celebration by their families without main Karta at home, and Not all police are Bad or currept.
Also we should sift from panalties for rule braking by cash collection to card payments or chalan to pay latter. This option of casless Payment also help to Boost confidence of people and any wrong cash cillection can be pannalised.
This will also help to streamline traffic rules enforcement.

0 0 Speak about reducing inspector raj, start entry and voting contest on mygov for areas where inspector raj can be reduced by improving language in law and reducing ambiguity. Eg. http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/bizarre-garme...?

0 0 Sir lakshya aur imandar se koi bhi inshan manjil pakar sakta hai ishi disha me Yuva ko prerit karna hoga tabhi desh aage badhega har yuva ko apne kaam ke yogata se protsahit karna hoga isme gov ko kuchh saral karna hoga

0 0 Sir, Please address children to go cashless and to persuade their parents also to go cashless. Just as incentives are announced for general public and businessmen to go cashless, announce similar one's to children as well. 
Let children insist on their pocket money be paid in Digi-cash.
Children can do a better job in making their entire family go cashless.

0 0 People fear to use wallet like paytm particularly lower class people, why govt. not step in to provide wallet.

0 0 NAMO PM OF INDIA SHOULD TALK ABOUT SOLDIERS , THOSE SACRIFIED THEIR LIFE IN TERRORIST ATTACK OF J&K .

0 0 I used to be a big supporter of you since 2007. But I am sorry to inform you that the moment you decided to exempt the political parties of India from the effect of demonetization, I got severely disappointed with you. I am feeling like that the whole nation is cheated. Every single person who stood in support of this great move got betrayed. I would continue to believe this until you disclose true motive of making such an announcement when the nation has suffered a lot hoping for a new begining

0 0 Dear Sir,
Chennai public showed tremendous resolve in volunteering to support the authorities during after Cyclone Vardah devastated Chennai. Despite their own inconvenience and without waiting for authorities, local public came forward to remove uprooted trees , objects on road , clearing traffic and offering their homes for shelter to displaced slum dwellers. Youth were in the forefront . 
Request you to mention this in your speech. This will motivate the public.
Regards,
Sridhar

0 0 One of the biggest asset we have in our country is our young population and our one biggest earning of foreign exchange comes from Remittances from our Indian population working abroad.
Your vision of skill development is a one of the most important step to develop our country by training our youth which will yield rich dividends in future. If we can add learning foreign language along with skill development e.g., Japanese language with Nursing Degree to help export of talent to earn FOREX.

0 0 union budget 2017

0 0 हरेक केंद्र में 8 कंप्यूटर हैं. कमरे की व्यवस्था गाँव के निवासी निशुल्क करते हैं. स्थापना का खर्च मित्र दान से (हरेक केंद्र का नाम दान-दाता के नाम पर रखा जाता है). मानदेय व्यवस्था अपनी पेंशन से करते हैं. 60 दिन का एक कोर्स तैयार किया है. गाँव की बालिका/महिला को प्रशिक्षित करके संचालिका के रूप में तैनात किया जाता है.

0 0 Ideas for Mann Ki Baat
Revolution In Taxation
Sir please speak on complex taxation system of india and process to make it simple your views on Bank Transaction tax its merit demerits and abolishment of Income tax. Urge people to pay tax and part of system so that government will get revenue. Please share the advantages of demonitization and give hint to public of your future projects so that they will have confidence in government and will not feel that demonitization is a failure.

0 0 HON'BLE SIR,
DIGITAL INDIA DRIVE HAS BEEN FAILED BY THE BAD ELEMENTS OF STATE APPARATUS
ALL ONLINE COMPLAINTS DO NOT EXIST AT THE WEBSITE OF http://pgportal.gov.in/
PMO Complaint no PMOPG/E/2016/0567078 dated 10.12.16
PMO Complaint no PMOPG/E/2016/0572533 dated 12.12.16
PMO Complaint no PMOPG/E/2016/0577788 dated 13.12.16
PMO Complaint no PMOPG/E/2016/0583926 dated 16.12.16 
FIND ATTACHED THE RECEIVING COPIES AGAINST ALL FOUR COMPLAINTS
PEOPLE CONTACT TO PMO AS A LAST RESORT

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 स्वान्तः-सुखाय इसे कर रहे डॉ. किरण शंकर मल्लिक भारत सरकार में संयुक्त सचिव के पद से रिटायर होने के बाद लगभग 7 साल पहले अल्मोड़ा आये. समीप कसारदेवी में गाँव के किराये के घर में रहने लगे, जहाँ से हिमालय-दर्शन अद्भुत होता है और स्वामी विवेकानंद यहाँ निवास कर चुके हैं. ग्रामीण बच्चों को आते-जाते उनके लैपटॉप को देखकर जिज्ञासा होती थी. तब उनके मन में इन बच्चों के लिए कंप्यूटर साक्षरता शुरू करने विचार आया. 1-2 पुराने कंप्यूटर से शुरुआत हुई. आज 5 दूरस्थ गांवों में वे कंप्यूटर साक्षरता केंद्र चल रहे हैं.

0 0 the students who get below 60% in Engg. is not geting any chance to join indian armed forces jobs. why? if they have strong desire to join indian army but they not have chance to prove himself coz he has not geting 60%. but from north south side students have lots of marks up to 90% but maharashtrian candidate not. so my qun is if thier is write in the constituion for all but still we having desir to join army but just becoze our rduclas education sistem we not get anychance . we are jobless

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges *****

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Sir
My View
1) Free All Debit & Credit Card Transaction
2) Charge who will to Withdraw CASH
3) Per Note 500 & 1000 Above must Charges 50
4) All India 1 Charge for Electricity
5) Centralized Structure for Electricity Board &
Min Charges
6) Electricity Office don't have Debit card Machine
Please Install
7) Insurance Policy for All Farmers, Agri Insurance
*****8) Life & General & Health Insurance Compulsory by Government with Min Charges ***

0 0 Carry on dear sir g...
U r the best person of our country
 N plastic money is the best example for recovering tax n against black money

0 0 Sir please do some thing some  for job seekers we have been waiting for last 2.5 years but still you have not fullfilled your poll promise we are running our of time.Do something against reservation otherwise after decade or two you will have to give reservation for general if not atleast increase age limt for general this will also gibe some relief to us.Thanks hoping positively.

0 0 Hi
My Suggestion
1)All Rail Ticket must Capture ID Proof (no Ticket without ID)
2) Ticket Should Show Each Charges
3) Tickets according to Facilities Required
4) TC to Punch All Reservation Online*****
5) General Tickets Restriction accordingly to Trains
6) Easy Access to 139
7) All Station include Ticket Booking must use Debits or Credit Card Machines include TC Receipt Online
8) Avoid or No Cash Transaction in Railways including Labour Payments
9)SMS Facility of Train Arrival

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat december 2016, I want to suggest that, to appeal the public to use the banking channel for various payment and transactions, further, one of the benifit of demonatisation, the movement of cash and black money made easy to identify and scrutinised,which will increase in taxation income,further, quick benifit to common people,the prise of vegetables and groceries are less than earlier, the mediater/broker/stockist's cheating stopped, and direct sales by agri.,best wishes

0 0 Respected sir, First accept my regards. I am sending a photocopy of an article published in "The Hindu", 18-12-16 ;"A good Samaritan who also deliver letters." I suggest that Sincerity is to be rewarded. Mr.D.sivan should be properly rewarded for his sincere & humble services at least at the fag end of his service in the postal department....M.V.Apparao, Hyderabad

0 0 Sir please do NOT raise the exemption limit in this budget. Everybody regardless of annual income and gender must pay tax. At least a minimum amount of Rs. 1000 or say even Rs. 100 must be paid by citizens to Government. That way People feel proud of themselves. This has a long term positive impact personally and nationally . Everybody would feel good to help other poor people who are unable to live a respectable living. But These poor are doing maximum manual work to support country. Thanks.

0 0 Respected Sir,
i) Please talk about non-functioning of parliament. I do understand its a sensitive issue and we need a forum with other parties, but as a leader we want to hear from you what steps you have planned to prevent this happening in future.
 Please encourage people to talk to their MP's to prevent this from happening.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I seen many times that Drink (Sarab) is very danger to all of peoples. so I submit full suggestion submit in my PDF file in Hindi.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I seen many times that Drink (Sarab) is very danger to all of peoples. so I submit full suggestion submit in my PDF file in Hindi.

0 0 Sir,
 Thank you for the bold decision of Demonetization. Now India became fifth largest economy surpassing UK. It is great moment and happy coincidence in your regime. I have some suggestions. 1. Built schools at least 5 numbers in each district 2. Built at least one hospital in each district. This can be grouped and later converted into Medical colleges.
These steps will create a permanent impression in the minds of people who faced inconvenience due to demonetization and will be happy of DM.

0 0 Respectable prime minister,
                      In order to control pollution as well as global warming,we have to try to grow tree.but in urban areas there is a possible of insufficient spaceto grow trees so up to i heated that the plant  "Tulsi" is the best plant to absorb co2 and other harmful gases,and it generates O2.so kindly advice our citizens to try to grow "Tulsi ". 16 Tulsi is equal to a tree .

0 0 He operates in one of the 1,54,000 post-offices, 90% of which are in rural villages, many having no lead-roads even.   Rain or shine, he trudges along, carrying money, other valuables, letters containing messages - some cheering, some disappointing.   For a 50 pasa card posted from Palghat in Kerala to, say, someone in a tea-estate in  Dibrugarh or someone inthe maoist-infested Jharkand forests, he locates the addressee and delivers it.   If he fails for any reason, he must either re-direct it

0 0 केंद्र व् राज्य सरकार सिक्षको को जितना आकर्षक वेतन दे रही है सिक्षक उतनी बढ़िया शिक्षा न देकर के राष्ट्र निर्माण से भाग रहे है , इस दिशा में भी ध्यान दिया जाने की आवश्यकता है जिससे की राष्ट्र का मजबूत निर्माण हो सके /
                                                  धन्यवाद् /

0 0 Respected Sir, I-T raids and seizing of money and gold is trending in news now.point is that I-t are seizing unaccounted money of new 2000notes in large values. How they are getting these much of new noteswhile there is limitof taking money from bank. its clear that bank officials are involved in this.without their involvement it is impossible. every bank branches in country should be checked and proper punishmentis must for them.
#Mannkibaat
#Demonetisation

0 0 Sir I request all MPs and MLAs to go through some mandatory training program in every calendar year. This is like what we have in our professional organizations. I request micro and macro finance, environment, social, cultural training programs be conducted for all our leaders. Training intervention always improve productivity and outlook every individual in a very positive way. Thank you all.

0 0 I wish you would mention in the  'Man ki baat' programme  OUR VILLAGE POSTMAN.   The most alive link with Indians - all 125 crores of them - he knows the heads of families by name and looks, can identify everyone of them authentically.   He trusts them, and, is trusted in return, wholly.   The  link between them needs to be seen to be believed.
He operates in one of the 1,54,000 post-offices, 90% of which are in rural villages, many having no lead-roads even. Rain or shine, he trudges along

0 0 Current Demonetization and Digital transaction drive should be complemented with Gold Monetization scheme. GOLD monetization would be one big thing if supported properly by Government. In one shot (very quickly) we have to come back stronger. 
Dear Sir, many Thanks for all that is done in interest of country. Here are my more suggestions - as a follow up to my last posted suggestions. Request you spend 5 more minutes in the attached PDF document. Thank you our PM and Finance minister.

1 0 Sir,
Please find my below points
1)Education should be common for all.There should be only one type of schools/colleges i.e. all public.If private then same fees structure as public.
2)Hospitals should be common for all.Same as education.Medicines should be cheap..
3)IT is excellent in India but still we are lacking in mechanical ,electrical and electronics that's why non IT engineers are moving in IT.
4)All should have health insurance and system should be ease so every one can avail.

0 0 Skill development to leaders are necessary    like multi skill to achieve their target in specified lead time ..   sir every day is new day and new challenge  upgrading  knowledge ,and situations handling skill is need in my opinion

0 0 केंद्र सरकार देश की प्रगति के लिए नोतेबंदी की ही तरह जनसंख्या नियंत्रण पर भी कारगर योजना बनाये जिसका लाभ आने वाली पीढ़ी को भी मिल सके /

0 0 Please rationalise tax structures. The taxes are very high and are incentive for tax evasion.
Secondly the limit for I-T for individuals should be increased to atleast 5L - 0%, 5-15L -10%, 15-30L - 20% and above 25% max. There will be sea change in mentality. Make harsh provision for evaders.
The argument that the rates are at par with other advanced country is not good. The population for others is not same as ours. Incomes are not same. Hence this is not good comparision.

0 0 Respected sir,
I wish you share some memorable moments that you had with our late Honourable Chief Minister Jayalalithaa mam. I also wish that you give some comforting words to us, who are recovering from the impact of her untimely death and Cyclone "Vardah"! 
I would like to inform you that we fully support your decision to Demonetise 500s and 1000s despite the odds.
Jai Hind! 
Regards,
Ashwin Gandhi
Chennai

0 0 Respected Modiji, Please take steps for making salary payments only in direct bank transactions for all workers.It will support your vision of digital india and it will be high benefit for workers as they can get correct wages and salaries.It will promote high transparency.
#Mannkibaat
#DigitalIndia

0 0 Sir
1. Kindly arrange to open a website, where citizens can upload their complaints about corruption, with photos/videos and documents for evidence.
2. Kindly order to link Aadhar number with the Property tax receipts. Now people have lot of properties in their names in different places, and pay no income tax.
If the property tax is not accepted without Aadhar number/link they compulsorily give the Aadhar number and pay. Then the total property one person have can be found and

0 0 i would request all concerned to look at  Small scale industry in manufacturing sector is really facing lot of challenge - In pune and surrounding many many small and medium industry is struggling to retain its position But several industry are un able to sustain
in consistency in work flow - financial problems - shortage of skilled man power- poor infrastructure - lack of marketing resources- very high cost of inputs etc
many industry are technically competent

0 0 1.Government should ensure that there is a bank in every 30Km radius of the town, village in the country. A map showing the present banks branches should be put in public domain. The new addition targets should be set in. Banks should be given income tax exemption for opening branches in rural areas. Banks not participating should not be given share in tax collection business.
A daily chart like the rural electrification should be made and updated on daily basis.

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
Aap to jaante hi hain ki desh bhar ki janta kuch paison ke liye ATM aur banks ke chakkar kaat rahi hai jabki ek bahut bada tabka aisa bhi hai jo ki bank se saanthganth kar apne black money to white kar chuka hai.Mera suggestion ye hai ki ab kyonki zyadatar corrupt logon ne apni black money ko white kar liya hai ya karne wale hain ,aap 2000 ka note agar band karte hain to phir un sab logon ko ek baar phir banks ke pass aana hoga aur is baar ap unko pakar sakte hain. Jai Hind

0 0 All type of revenues/penalties (e.g. violation of traffic rule etc.) required to pay through electronic media. All type applications (e.g. Driving license, Housing plan, etc.) are to be on line and any further correspondences are to be on line only and to be completed within a  fixed period.

0 0 Sir
1. There should be limitation on cash in hand with an individual and business entity. Say 25000 for individuals and Rs.1 Lakh for businessess.
2. Sales by a manufacturing, wholesalers and tradering concerns should be through banking channels only. No cash sales allowed. This can be slowly brought in for retailers of Industry like Automobiles, cement, steel etc.

0 0 Respected Modiji, Every educational institutions are taking donations as admission fees for LKG students to Degree students or other upper educational courses. it ranges from 30k to 90k. Sir,Please take some steps to stop this looting. Every fees should be accepted by e transaction compulsory.
#Mannkibaat #DigitalIndia

0 0 Respected Sir,
My family supports digitisation.
We live in Pune. After demonetization my father RG Kulkarni (age 87) who is having disability on his left eye and also in right leg, went to his bank, collected new debit card for himself.
Then went alone to a shop and made his first purchase of Rs. 230 using this new debit card.
And in the evening told us this inspiring story.
Truly inspired citizen !!

0 0 interest rates are different from one another  income tax department. judiciary department,day today affairs. all pertains to finance department . so you should make necessary steps

0 0 How about a SMS based announcements for employment opportunities which are under Govt schemes like under NREGA? Or even which are under skill development programs.
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov #NREGA #SkillIndia

0 0 Respected Sir,Appreciate if you could delete Section 13A and 12A of Income Tax.Further inform any donation to political parties and all payments to Trust exempted by Income Tax provisions, have to be necessarily made by electronic mode, to qualify for Income Tax exemptions, cash transactions to be subjected to Income Tax.No more donation to political parties without receipts,even for one rupee donation,payment should be through electronic mode&All political parties to declare value of realestate

0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister, 
I have given my suggestions on the enclosed PDF document. Please have a look! & I hope it helps.  
With Warm Regards
Sai Prahlad K
Jai Hind!
PS
sent a similar document through RepublicIndia website couple of days back.

0 0 Respected Sir,
We support the Demonetization decision. This will create level playing ground for the Taxpayers VS Non tax payers, who wins using BLACK money power!!
For this ;
Punish who finds guilty, and gift those who help
Give bonus to all bank employees who worked hard.
For security reason ask people to use original softwares and antivirus
People to circulate money in market not to store it
Deploy temp workforce in banks to help and educate account holders on digitisation

0 0 The recent communal clashes in Dhulagarh, West Bengal has been connivingly side-lined by the local State Govt. Surprisingly, no official news in the local print-media. Similar such clashes had taken place during Dussehra this year, but same was side-lined even then. Raking such issues openly infuse tension, but the ulterior motive of local State Govt.should be brought to the notice. If State Police is so efficient, why such incidents are repeatedly occurring ? Is the Police purposely kept out ?

0 0 Dear Sir,#Discipline The most needed of a good Country.
Discipline is one that everyone should have,It is very difficult to change people mostly adult one compare to children,My small suggestion is to include Discipline as subject to all the student in our nation so that it teaches them moral,ethics,honest,loyal and punctuality.Give more importance to this subject and no would move to next standard until unless they pass this subject.

0 0 bhout kuch hai kahne ko par kaha se suwat karo samaj nahi aata

0 0 अच्छा निर्णय है लेकिन बार बार अचानक से नई नई शर्ते जिस तरह रिज़र्व बैंक द्वारा जोड़ी जा रही है उससे आम नागरिक भविष्य में  बैंक में अपना ईमानदारी से कमाया रुपया रखने में भी हिचकिचाएगा

1 0 आदरनीय महोदय,सर्वप्रथम इतने कठोर निर्णय के लिए आपका हार्दिक अभिनन्दन,हालांकि इससे बहुत पीड़ा आमआदमी को हो रही है लोग अपना काम छोड़कर बैंक की लाईन  में लगे हैं,मेरा आपसे अनुरोध है आप सबसे पहले उन गरीब लोगों का अभिनन्दन करेंगे जो अपना काम छोड़कर बैंक की लाईन में लगे हैं,और उन पुलिस कर्मियों और बैंक कर्मियों को कड़ा सन्देश देंगे जो उन लोगों पर बल प्रयोग कर रहे हैं इससे लोगों को कुछ राहत महसूस होगी की आपको हम सबके के प्रति गहरी संवेदना है,दूसरा यह सुनिच्षित किया जाये की बईमान बचने न पायें

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister,
We have immense pleasure in informing our activities for the blind.The National Service Scheme Volunteers Sri. C. Achutha Menon Govt. College, Thrissur, Kerala, have formed VOICE/SCRIBE/COMPANION BANK FOR THE BLIND. Kindly make a mention about our activities in your radio programme so that it will be an eye-opener to the NSS volunteers of the country.
Thank you
Yours faithfully,
Dr. Sijo Varghese C. NSS Programme Officer of the College

0 0 Dear P.M., like me, I think lakhs of common people wants to know regarding 'exemption of IT for political parties'. Recently, I saw in all tv channel discussions, that any party men is not opposed the decision.  Dear P.M. We are ready to sacrifice and face all difficulties due to demonetisation. But these types of decisions we can't accept.  Please clarify.

0 0 kya shop par kaam karne walo ke lay kuch hoga

0 0 Respected Sir,
I whole heartedly Appreciate the Demonetisation Move.
However the Punishment for black money hoarders is not sufficient.People are finding loopholes to convert into white.Can we check the list of highend costly purchases from Nov 8 till now which can include land,Cars,investment bonds and also political party funds should also be scrutinized.
Please also take steps to stop Donations in Schools/Colleges and fixup some nominal amount which doesn't burden the people

1 0 Sir,i am following your cashless society yojana, but when my father swipe debit card first time at petrol pump for rs.100,instead of discount my father was charge rs.113 as TAX or CHARGES! my 2  suggestion is there for making progress in cashless society,one is that to remove tax on cash-less payment OR make a cashless week and in that week tax or charges must not apply in cash-less payment.i hope sir that this suggestion you will pass to every parliament members and to every Indianpeople.Thanks

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am in favor of your bold decision..
After demonetization & recovering lot of money & taxes now I would request you to pls. speak on following –
1.How you are going to increase jobs at all leaves in all sectors.
2.Do you have any plan to start high quality research & development centers.
3.Is your government working on adding more crops & fruits in MSP list .
Thank you
Devidas Pawar
Nashik, Maharashtra
840887793

0 0 May be something should be said about the policies to back this demonetization step as people are waiting for everything to be normal till 31st December but it cannot be so as it is the big step and won't be just sufficient by itself. It will need all the support of future policies and presently the situation will take some time to improve but common man has his limits and beyond that they should get some other hope to support this hope.

1 0 Respected Sir,
We are with Digital India, to make it successful, engage our government employees to educate our rural people. Because they are not aware of this digital India programe.

0 1 BANK KI POOR INTERNET LINK HAR HAMESA FAIL (bsnl 4g nhi 5g ) speed  deni padegi jab aaj mai bank me gya tha  bar bar link fail  har adhe ghnte me kya bsnl hi internet porvidin why not  othe like other   airtel and relince as like big ITcompanies.
or ek bat sir ham log jab line me khre hote hi hours hours khada rhana padta par bade jan phachan ke logoko side ane kaa alowing kar dete kitne bhi bolte jyoo side se koi nhi lage please but side kam karne bale deri se akar phle kara lete. #poorsystem

0 0 sir,we are following what you asked up to now.we do in future too.we want #ElectionReforms now.we expecting this from you.their should be accountability on #funds.
system shouldn't like #jantaVsneta ,it should be like #jantaIsneta.

1 0 Dear Modi ji thanks for note banned of 500 and 1000. That is big decision to change our INDIA  and we always support you but now a days some bank officer include RBI are not doing their work properly that is why we are facing many problems specially cash so we request to you and your govt please take a strict action against bank officers and bank and also strict against AXIS BANK.
Thankyou

0 0 price of agriculture produce control possible only if data of farmers sale is recorded at Mandi on card with payment details.presently FARMERS sell at 10,same  marketed at 50.INSTEAD OF BLANK TAX exemption why not allow tax exemption to those Mandi who have cold storage/zero wastage/Keep data of sale & service to increase output.FOR wholesaler no tax at certain level of percentage profit,but beyond percentage same he need to share to Mandi & respective farmers,market rates nobody of retails

0 1 अबकी बार यह गलती जो हमने करी हैं वो हम दोहराएगे  नहीं अबकी बार मोदी सरकार नहीं रहेगी अबकी बार कोई और सरकार

0 1 क्यों हमारा समय ख़राब कर रहे हो हमारा समय कीमती हैं हमारे बच्चे और परिवार के लिए और देश के लिए काम करने दो ये आप लोग एक बात करो एक नियम नक्की करो हिजड़ो की तरह रोज रोज नियमो न बदलो

0 0 ARMY KE LIYA SPECIAL METAL KI DRESS HO TAKI GOLI KI BHI EFFECT NA HO IT IS POSSIBLE PLEASE CONSULT YOUR MOST THINKAR TEAM

0 0 Respected Sri PM Sri Modiji,my submissions are:1.Agriculture and the Farmer.Please ensure the poor farmer lives happily ,producing food for the millions.He ha sgot allrights ,more than anybody else,to live his life happily.Secondly.please open National Agri Universities and Research Centers in all states along with Cold storage warehouses for storingsurplus produce safely.Thirdly ban all types advertisements by individuals, private bodies,political parties etc defacing the walls of buildings etc

0 0 Respected Sri PM Sri Modiji,my submissions are:1.Agriculture and the Farmer.Please ensure the poor farmer lives happily ,producing food for the millions.He ha sgot allrights ,more than anybody else,to live his life happily.Secondly.please open National Agri Universities and Research Centers in all states along with Cold storage warehouses for storingsurplus produce safely.Thirdly ban all types advertisements by individuals, private bodies,political parties etc defacing the walls of buildings etc

0 0 1. ON WHATAPP MESSAGE INDIAN NEED RESERVATION AMERICA NEED TALENT PLEASE AAP IS PER DHAN DEY 5-10% WALA DR. 90% WALA SWIPPER OR PEON WHY

0 0 Modi sir, aap is bar mann ki bat me dukandaro ke liye digitization anivarya karne ke liye jarur  jor dena. Kyoki sir public to digital ho rhi ho rhi h lekin dukandar digitization k liye ya to taiyar nhi h ya wo digital hona nhi chahte isliye meri ek vinti h ki aap dukandaro k liye digitization jarur anivarya kar dena. Public ko digital banane me hamari puri kosis h. aaj tak mene 15 privaro ko digital bana kar mene bhi kuch desh ke hit me kam krne ki kosis ki. Bas aapka aashirvad chaiye.

0 0 1. FOR SUNDER BHART PLEASE DO NOT WASTE MONEY,  ONLY BAN ON POLY BAGS MORE THAN 80% SAFAI IT SELF . BAN ON POLY BAGS ZERO LEVEL TO HIGH LEVEL TOWN WITH HAVE PENALTY AS LIKE AS  NOTE BANDI.
2. BHART KI PROGRESS ME BIG PROJECT LIKE SAMBHAR SALT GIVT TO PRIVAT SECTOR, IN THE TIME OF ENGLISH MAN SAMBHAR PROGRESS MUCH BETTER THAN TODAY WHY.

0 0 Dear PM,
Please Start "Farmers Welfare Fund",Please innounce below idea.
IDEA- All the multinational and well known companies has Corporate Social responsibility Initiatives by which govt can tie up with many Indian companies to set contribution for "Farmers Welfare fund". So by just asking Re. 1/- from each employee salary working in such companies we can have much amount generated which can be used for welfare of farmers, Government of malaysia already has such "small farmers welfare funds".

0 0 Respected Hon'ble PM.
Money looting at high way toll plaza. Why I stating this, I am resident of Davanagere and frequently travelling to Chitradurga and Bangalore. While travelling we have to cross one toll plaza At HEBBALU (25 Kms from Davanagere and limit ends  at chitradurga). Before demonetisation they collecting Rs.35 for single trip. On 14th Dec 2016 They collected Rs.75 for single trip. When I enquired They said that NHAI authorities given permission to collect money as above.Look sir.

1 0 I like PM's move of banning old notes, but a step is missing.....
Banning will not stop curruption...
Why don't we decide a validity for new notes like, 10 years , so that everybody will be forced to either spend it or deposit it in banks.....
After 10 years those notes can be renewed too by a special seal Mark by RBI for another 10 years,by this notes can be reused....
This will also increase the demand for cashless transactions....

0 0 I am a common middle class citizen and an active follower of current events. I applaud the honorable PM for his bold decision of demonetization. But at the same time I am really worried to see the plight of the small business man and poor and even the middle class who are still not able to draw the amount fixed by the government and they are going to the Banks on daily basis putting aside all their personal chorus. But huge amounts of new notes have been cornered by a few

1 0 Now need of electoral reform after demonization. Because it is root of all corruption. All political parties should be covered under Right to Information Act(RTI) 2005. Recommendations of Election Commission should be implemented as early as possible. Salary of all parliamentarian should be deducted if parliament session is impeded because it is money of common people.

0 0 Dear sir
Main nagrik hone ke Karan APKO avgat kra raha hu ki SBI Padrauna city branch code-11828
Janata ko preshan KRNE or note bandi main or TANAO paida KRNE ka Karyn kr Rahi h..
Bank Mai aaj mere dwara Jo paisa le gye the wah bank band hone ke Karan nhi jama hi Saka.. bank stop SE baat KRNE PE paisa nhi jama hoga kr me phone disconnected kr diya Gya..
Agr JB wapari logo ka paisa bank lega hi nhi to payment KRNE main preshani hogi...
Koi bhi singal wafari ka paisa bank agr jama krti h

0 0 Respected Hon'ble PM Sir, A profound thanks for your bold and best decision and my suggest at this moment is to freeze the limit of withdrawal from account which are in doubt to a certain amount till the scrutiny is not over.  with regards S Dasgupta

0 0 Sir, please fix minimum (Farmer gets) and maximum rate (Selling rate in shop)for food items. So that each farmer and consumer will be benefited. Today farmer gets 12 Rs for 1 KG of carrot, but same(1 KG) is sold for Rs 50 in shops. Rs 38 goes to middle man.

0 0 Dear Sir,
 I am training students under NDLM since March 2016 at my center as well as at remote areas and found improvement in them regarding Digital Literacy, but there are Two level in NDLM , both should be completed one after another. Another Digital payment syllabus should be added In it because when we organize camp of DFIAA for only 2-3 hours it is not enough to make people learn about EPS. So, initially NDLM should enroll and train them for at least 10 days.

0 0 In Chennai, when Cyclone vardah hit, the people were badly affected, since there was no network for cards neither people had cash in their hands to spend. Kindly let us know how demonetization helps in such drastic situations. We could not see any measure from the Central Government announcing any relief for the people in and around the districts where the cyclone hit and this could happen in any place for that matter. Kindly help.

1 0 Availability of Land for Fruit cultivation
1. In my state i.e. Maharashtra, we see so many hills. Many of the hills do not have a single tree on it. Two side of roads, state/national highway.
-	If we make them available to the organized sectors (Private sector) for Tree plantation or Fruit plantation. May be on leas/contract.
-	Maximum available area can be used for this purpose.
-	This will increase the forest size,increase the rain percentage,for tourism.set up food processing units

0 0 PCMAC (Protecting Common Man Against Corruption)
I have attached a set of actions which we can take to radically defeat the menace of corruption which is the NO.1 Enemy of this country!
And thanks to the current government who has the willingness and more importantly the courage to fight corruption!!! Thankyou.

0 0 Sir,First upon congratulating for you brave decision and we all wish you to go further in any extent to stop
This dirty corruption from all the part in India.
And it my humble request that if possible some way you can provide some toll free numbers by state wise where people can contact govt officials directly without any influence of others will make things more better I guess.This a best movement ever seen in Indian political history.I wish you all success for your future desicions Jai hind

0 0 To complete the opera of bringing the people of all walks of life, specially poorest, in mainstream,after demonetization process the second one could be, perhaps first nation to have courage to do,in the line with the former, that of obliging every citizen above 18 years to file the income tax return even in the presence of zero rupee income in return to have all entitled welfare by the same. This will certainly make them feel proud being  the part of a world fastest growing economy.

1 0 Dear sir, I am from rural area. Transactions using *99# is beautiful system designed for rural area which does not need smart phone, net pack. But unfortunately their is no awareness. No bank people support as they are habitual of popular methods like net/mobile banking, wallets, apps, POS&cards. Request stress its usefulness for rural and request all MPs, MLAs, Public servants, Teachers to make at least one transaction using *99#. I am confident we can achieve goal of cashless.

0 0 Honourable PM Sir,
Myself and most of the educated people are strongly supporting the Demonitisation . At the same time all are getting upset(on watching media) as the Crores of new notes being caught by IT dept at the time of raids. There must be some action on this. I suggest some punishment like Diplay thier names on seperate website or posters in their area.

0 0 Need you help Modiji. Please ready my attachment, it will have a very positive impact n how business will be done in India and no one will cheat using help of our Legal system

0 0 कृपया विचार करें #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Heartiest welcome PM, we will support your operation against corruption. All over the world, India is using vehicles by using Petrol/Diesel. We are using much of these resources. So that, we spend much amount for that. Can you replace Petrol/Diesel for vehicles in some other way, so that we can improve our Indian economy. We should not beg from Gulf countries. We have a lot of talented Mechanical Engineers. Why dont you support to invent and implement some other resources to run the vehicles?

1 0 Hon. Pradhan Mantri Ji
In your upcoming 'Mann ki Baat' please announce some steps to make card payments lucrative for both giver and taker. Currently 2% is being charged for all card payments to the receiver, so shopkeepers are not willing to take payments by card. Please encourage shopkeepers to accept card payments and make card payments cheaper than or at par with cash.

0 0 kisan credit cards do farmers opt for this. any bank or farmers promote this. in my survey many are misusing this system

0 0 श्रीमान जी रेलवे में ठेकेदारी प्रथा बंद कर देनी चाहिए  जिससे दलाली कम हो जायेगी और काम भी अच्छा होगा । जिससे दुर्घटनाओ का औसत कम हो जायेगा ।और रोजगार के अवसर भी प्राप्त होंगे ।।।।।।

0 0 Hello Sir, This is to request you about digitalization. I am very glad that govt. is taking all possible initiatives towards digitalization of all offices and services and launching new applications but these applications are seems to be available only on android platforms it needs to be launched and made available on other platforms too like Microsoft so that everyone can help from this
Microsoft has launched new concept UWP which can help all users. Thanks for considering the request.

0 0 RESPECTED SIR, The comment of your govt. To work for the poor inspires me a lot. One of the field where corruption is prevailling is food sector. The poor did not get there share of ration like rice, kesosine, etc as they are sold in black market by middle mans and other in the system.I have a very effective idea to solve it. Ration Passbook. Just like bank
Every month the passbook will be updated with the amount and quality of ration and  the book holder should get so that he cant be cheated.

0 0 sir,I am 19 years old and I am your firm believer. I really appreciate the new demonetization policy.It will surely help to cease Black money trade.But sir there is another avoided issue which should be discussed."Caste based Reservations".Is this fair? No sir.Why can't we have "RESERVATION ON ECONOMIC BASIS".A general category student can be from a poor family.This will not only eliminate caste discrimination but also those who are really needy will be able to get help from the govt.

0 0 Sir this the problem of every common peopeof karnataka means not well educated. most state running banks have lack of communication.the employees of these banks banks don't have least knowledge in kannada ie local language.common people are facing so many difficulties while availing bank services please recruit only those who know local language or after appointment give them local language training otherwise financial iclusion can't happen this region.Digital literacy without communication cant

0 0 https://youtu.be/ocXsouMf2fw

0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Considering that your #MaanKiBaat address on December 25 would coincide with #GoodGovernanceDay, could you please outline the additional steps that your Government is planning to promote the 'minimum government-maximum governance' theme? Also, it would be good if you could outline whether the Government has any plans to step up #financialliteracy at the #school level in the wake of the #demonetization initiative? #PMonRadio #MaanKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Namaskar sir

0 0 Sir
please ban plastic bags and punish selling and using,  show the effects in cinema halls
KNRAO

0 0 Sir,
Ihave been filling petrol at HP petrol Pump for many years. For last three consecutive times durng this month, when I fill petrol at Tilak Road Petrol Pump, Pune, using my petro card, after I fill the petrol I am told that petro card can not be swiped as machine is out of order . I request you to look in to the matter and take necessary action.

1 0 Thank you for trying to give us a new INDIA.Sir now do something for controlling fees structure of pvt.medical colleges.We middle class parents find it hard to send our children for medical education in pvt college other than govt college.Many middle class children who qualify entrance exam but fail to get govt college because of less medical seats in govt medical colleges and due to reservation.Please find out a way for this problem.

0 0 Sir,
To end corruption and black money, please direct all the citizen of India to declare their asset and liability along with gross annual income.This should be considered as an affidavit  by the individual and directly connected to their  AADHAR number. Once submitted, it should not be permitted to be altered before a specific period. If this system of self declaration of income and asset is introduced, the benefits are manifold for the government.

0 0 मोदी जी । आपने नेताओ के Accounts की जाँच ना करवाने का जो निर्णय लिया है। उस से आपकी छवि धुमिल हुई है। हम आपसे बहुत प्यार करते है , परन्तु इस बार आपकी ये बात कुछ अच्छी नही लगी। plz अपने आप को और नेताओं जैसा कभी मत बन ने देना

0 0 Sir, you need to deliver strong speech to retail seller/shopper, who are not willing to get paid by card or online transaction at the same time not giving bills. Common People who wish to pay by card/online transaction compelled to pay by cash at these shops. The main culprit is  medicine shop and grocery shop. We common people save cash for vegetable market or street vendor, but aforesaid looter (Medicine & Grocery shop) took most of cash.#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 disparity of salary of bank officials though they are working for 10 hrs to 12 hrs daily in private banks.

0 0 Free Loan Scheme should be Launched to Ensure Loan to Every Citizen to Setup their own Business

1 0 Why do not we make cashless economy a mass movement. Presently, everyone is aware about cashless economy even a small vendor. Recently Government announced to reward  1000 rupees for using debit card as cash. It is beneficial to 15000 persons everyday. In my point of view, our govt should increase number by 100 times so that it is available to everyone.
2) My 2nd suggestion is those who have used credit/ debit card for first time after 8 november for online transaction, they must be rewarded.

0 0 Hi Sir,
    Its the time we work on bringing accountability transparency and efficiency into the system  be it the governed or the governing, This is the need if we want to  developed India. What I mean by this is we keep on hearing and seeing a lot from you , our FM , defence minister and a few more. However we rarely see anything from our respected MLA's / MP's, their deeds/initiatives how they added value to their constituency/nation. Can we have some initiative from you on this front.

0 0 Dear PM Modi ji
First I would like to thank you for courageous step of Demonetization.Now we(people) feel that there is PM in India who can take decisions when it requires and we are proud on it.One thing you mention in coming Man Ki Baat about people(which are less in numbers) standing in queue for cash criticizing your decision.And Sir please come up with a bill regarding NO WORK NO SALARY for MPs of PARLIAMENT as it would teach some lessons to those MPs who only wants to create ruckus.

0 0 PMji i think your party leaders are not educating the public about the benefits of going digital payment way.  Your finance advisors must give them all the data on the current situation of low tax collections and how this forces govt to borrow money year after year and the effects such a policy has on the finances of the country.  your pary members are not aware of the advantages of digital payment and hence they are always defensive when someone attacks demonetisation.

0 0 Sir,It is a privilege to give views of national importance directly.
May I suggest you the following points for betterment cultural India
India is always got addition to cover cultural Interests
Hence Please keep your kind attention to the legend Shankardeva in Assam.
Which will be benefited to overpower the national integration.So bring notice to the people for the house namely "Namghar". As in my village want to establish a namghar, but due to financial problem we could not.Ple

0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister,
In addition to demonetization, the govt should review Income Tax reduction drastically ;
1. 10% flat on all salaried class with 5% on factory worker, Peons & sweepers.
2. Discontinue all short of exemptions.
3. Self employed (all category), Rural 5% and Urban 10%.
4. Capital Gain Tax be reduced to 10% (Short terms/Long terms)
5. Modvat in stamp duty for property.
There will be win win situation for public with no Revenue loss.

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,
अगर आप वास्तव मै Digital Payments की शुरूआत कराना चहाते है तो आपको transaction charges remove कराने होगे SBI ने फिर से 13/12/16 से रू 11.50 per transaction charge a/c से काट्ना शुरू कर दिया है तथा Internet भी पूरे भारत मै free कराना होगा

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, Given your Government's whole-hearted commitment to promote a quicker and more inclusive growth that benefits all sections of the population, could you please let us know what steps the Government is taking to meet the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)? It would be good if all Ministries could tailor their policies and initiatives keeping the SDGs in mind, with the NITI Aayog acting as a facilitator in the process. #PMonRadio #MaanKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 Dear PM, for the upcoming Mann Ki Baat, i suggest you speak about the small number of tax payers and how this affects development of country and results in huge debts.  I understand only about 1% of the population is paying tax in india where as it more than 50% in the US! Pl share data with the public and show them how digital payment will help in generating more income for the govt and hence more development.  this must be spoken by all your party people in public meetings.

0 0 Sir, old Bank Notes deposited with RBI has to be checked before Crusing/destroing them to identify/ Mitigate the Risk of Exchange of Fake Notes with Origional Notes while they were in store house of Banks/ currency chest.

0 0 The next wave should be to make India pollution free by reducing the use of petrol at least by 15%. This can be achieved by using Bi-cycle or two wheeler or sparing use of 4 wheeler or public transport or by sharing the vehicle at least once in a week.

0 0 Dear pm think about those people none cash change all time cashless people?

0 0 Modi ji Think about them parent Them have only daughters none son

0 0 Please consider to replace attestation of documents by third persons by self attestation or by process of digital submission/verification of documents. For details, read the attached PDF.

0 0 About cash withdrawal tax(CWT)
Now that almost  80 % of cash money is likely  to come back in banks, digitization needs to be  promoted ( as already is being done by various means and schemes). At the same time, cash transaction needs to be discouraged by levying cash withdrawal tax ( details attached)

0 0 Only few cabinet ministers and spokespersons openly defending demonetisation why not ABVP, BJYM, BMS and other organisation came out openly so far , News channels spreading wrong information throughout, at least counter that by supporters organisation.

0 0 Dear PM ji, congrates for taking risky decisions in the interest of NATION.
Regarding non payment of tax from shopkeepers of town and cities.
1. Please make their registration compulsory from district vikas Bhawan or on line.
2. The municipality should furnish information about their financial status through necessary documentation bank papers etc.
3. The license must be renewed every year and must complete tax payment etc
4. License is given after checking financial capabilities
reg

0 0 Hi Sir,
    We have seen many initiatives of trapping the black money and increasing the gov revenue. However would like to see some initiatives which bring in transparency and efficiency in utilization of these funds. Request you to please bring in some initiatives which transform "MyGov" to "My Dream Gov" and bring cheer.

0 0 National  scholarship  is being  awarded  to students ( currently studying ) who secured  excellent  percentage . If there  is any  scheme  for students who   secured  excellent  marks in the past but yet not recognized  or not availed  any benefit under any scholarship scheme .They may be guided properly

0 0 Hello Modi sir,
This is with regards to our Army serving our mother land.
Sir tell me, are the Army just born to get killed.When will life be valued in India.We heard you provided bullet proof jackets.But in a danger state like Kashmir, on duty, the army soldiers gets killed.They have no helmets,no bullet proof jackets.That's all, that is the value of life of our Jawans.
Please this is utmost important than anything right now for our Jawans do this plsssss.
Regards,
All Indian Citizens

0 0 Request to work through telecom Companies to provide free internet for cash less economy

0 0 Dear sir, i would like you to discuss on increasing Rape incidents, i was shocked to see that more than 35000 rapes happened in 2015, which is shameful to a country like us where we respect women.

0 0 Dear PM,
Why not Pharma companies emboss the expiry date on the tablets itself.. to avoid people who correct those expiry date which are printed outside?? on tablets it can be embossed and on capsules it can be printed with food grade ink...

0 0 महोदय,
सादर नमस्कार..!
मान्यवर जिस तरह से नोटबंदी कर कालेधन और भ्रष्टाचार को समाप्त करने का संकल्प को साकार रूप प्रदान किये वैसे ही हमारे भारतवर्ष में नशा, शराब तथा जहिरिले नशायुक्त सामग्री पर भी बैन लगा कर भारत के करोड़ों नागरिको का घर परिवार को नष्ट होने से बचाया जा सकता है| और "बेटी बचाओ-बेटी पढाओ" के सपनों को साकार किया जा सकता है|
मेरा एक नारा बेटी बचाओ पर है "  "बेटी बचाओ-बेटी पढाओ", "नशा मुक्त भारत बनाओ..!"
धन्यवाद..!

0 0 Sir I request you to solve the cash problem of karnataka espeically mysore

0 0 सिस्टम सुधरेगाजब अनुपालन आम लोग सुनिश्चित करेंगे न कि सरकारी झूठी अंडरटेकिंगकन्फर्मेशन रिपोर्ट(जैसा अख़बारों से मालूम पड़ा)हरशहरमें टी वी लाइव प्रसारण सहित अनिवार्य मीटिंग की घोषणा की जाये हरमाह आम लोगों के साथ प्रश्नोत्तर मीटिंग जिसमे हर विभाग/मंत्रालय का प्रतिनिधि मौजूद रहेआम लोगयुवा,वरिष्ठ नागरिक प्रश्न पूछेगें व् जवाब/समाधान पाएंगे हर मोहल्ले से दो सारथी वास्तविक(फ़ोनयाव्यक्तिशः)आमंत्रित किये जाने की व्यस्थाहो जो GOVT से प्राधिकृत हों मोबाइल कॅश लेस्सएप्प ह्यूमनवैल्यूजपरिपालना हेतु SAVE COUNTRY

0 0 Transparency in funds released by Central government during various calamities.
Dear Sir, every time there is a calamity like Cyclone effect in Chennai this year, Chennai flooding last year or drought money state governments take.
Is there a transparency of the flow of the money? Where does this money go?
I have not seen a single common man getting any benefit from the funds central government has released, then why is this money released and where does it get used?

0 0 Respected PM sir, we always wanted to get best people in each industry like Masters and Phd holders have more value in their field.
Can India have one such system for all Public servant to adopt a method or process where in minimum qualification / experience is required to become a corporator, then become a Mayor, then to be a MLA or MLC then to MP and Minister in each specilizaiton instead of present system.
If this is adopted, definitely India will be a country to live.
Srinivas Harnoor

0 0 Employment related procedure of Janganana :
Janganana may be conducted through sabhasad/parshad/pradhan by utilising the services of their areas unemployed graduates by selection through merit as well as all section's unemployed youth in same proportion.Till date government teachers are being utilised for this purpose by paying extra stiffened in addition to salary beside this the education of children suffers a lot.By using this idea Janganana will be exact because the area will be known.

0 0 I am G.Jaya from Thiruvananthapuram. Now that India has has embarked on an ambitious project to create a cashless economy,i wish to offer my humble suggestions which can be implemented only with strict guidelines from the higher level.As you may be aware our senior citizens are facing a number of problems to go digital,we can definitely use the services of Asha health workers to guide and assist our senior citizens most of whom are confined to the four walls of  their houses. Services of volunte

0 0 Please explain to the citizens at large about how much is the money available for welfare schemes. The number is 4.20 lac crores to 4.80 lakh crore. Then explain why it has been stagnant for many years because of the parallel economy. Also inform the citizens that you cannot be raising taxes endlessly . So the only way to increase the kitty is to increase the number of people paying taxes. By demonetisation we will have traders and merchants and small business to come to mainstream.

2 0 PM Sir,in UK-Germany, prepaid mobile users, can recharge TALK TIME and INTERNET separately (true in India as well), BUT THE MAIN DIFFERENCE IS, THEY DO NOT DEDUCT AMOUNT FROM TALK TIME WHEN THE INTERNET BALANCE IS OVER. instead they send SMS and disconnect the Internet Services. The Internet service can be easily continued by replying to that SMS as YorN. Where as in India, all the Telecom companies, DIRECTLY DEDUCT MONEY from TALK TIME BALANCE and hence People are hesitant to use INTERNET DATA.

0 0 महोदय,
अपना भारतवर्ष अभी झेल रहे कालाधन एवमं सरकारी अनुदान के लिऐ मैं मेरी राय सादर कर रहा हूँ. कृपया संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का अवलोकन किजीऐ...
धन्यवाद !
राजेश नृपनारायण
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Dear Sir, I have 2 humble request before you;
Kindly increase the number of High Schools (class 8th to 10th). In most of the Districts of the country if 30,000 children admit to class 1 in an academic year only 15,000 children reaches to class 10, the droop out mainly because of lack of High Schools
And make it free and compulsory and Education should be fundamental right of every child up to the age of 18 (now it is only 6 to 14 years as per Section. 21 (A) of constitution.

0 0 Dear PM,
It was great step taken by you. Sir I think govt.Should focus on the medicine field where the margins of benifit is upto 50% of the actual mrp which is giving a chance to medical store person to give commission to doctor which is creating huge black money.I think government should fix the margin of benifit in medicine so that the rate could be lowered and some step to stop commission in medical sector.
Sir please I hope you will do something in this sector to help poor. Vande matram

0 0 For attaining less cash situation, all mobile operators should provide small data per day say 20mb/day to all users at 3G speeds to enable all poor people to utilize online payment methods. Right now even the minimum packs offered by mobile operators at reasonable speeds is not affordable by poor section of our society.

0 0 There was no management and cases of group solving in SSC CGL TIER 2 examination which was conducted on 30 and 1 december 2016.

0 0 Dear PM
In our country recruitments to different institutes, departments etc are done by these respective institutes & departments themself, based on their eligibility criterias, standards, terms & conditions. Huge concentration of decision making, lack of transparency & fairness has led to trust deficit in the public.
We already have SSC & UPSC for different recruitments, who have credibility and manpower to recruit staff & officers. These commissions can be entrusted for these recruitments.

0 0 #MannKiBaat #MyGov
प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार और नववर्ष की बहुत-बहुत शुभकामनाएँ!
सर कैशलेश व्यवस्था के लिए मेरा सुझाव यह है कि स्कुलो के नए सत्र (1 APRIL, 2017) के पाठ्यक्रम मे कैशलेश व्यवस्था के अध्ययन की सामग्री को शामिल किया जाए। ताकि भारत के भविष्य बच्चे भी इसके प्रति रुचि रखना शुरु कर दे।
राजेश कुमार चौहान
जालंधर

0 0 Sir,
My Suggestion for go digital & how to control flow of cash & many transaction via Online
One Rule For All Govt Employees They can Withdraw there salary in Cash 50% Only From There Bank A/C & Other 50% They can use only for Online Transaction or With Digital Currency.
Thank you

0 0 There was no management and cases of group solving in SSC CGL TIER 2 examination which was conducted on 30 and 1 december 2016. This may cause frustration to the genuine students who have worked hard as the cutoff will alter due to group solving. Also there are unreported cases. So there is a dire need to CANCEL TIER 2 PAPERS and RECONDUCT ssc cgl TIER 2 so the student community can pose faith in the entire system and the democracy of india.

0 0 आखिर लोग रुपयों को तिजोरी में क्यों रखते हैं.. सिर्फ इसलिए कि उन्हे इनकम टौक्स न देना पड़े. इमकम टौक्स काले धन का सबसे बड़ा स्रोत बन गया है. वैसे भी यह गलत है क्योंकि अगर किसी की नौकरी जाती रही तो वह कैसे आयकर दे पाएगा. और अगर नहीं देता है तो जगहंसाई होती है और उसका स्टेटस भी गिरता है. इसलिए ज़रूरत है ऐसे सिस्टम की जहां आयकर न हो बल्कि सरकार किसी अन्य तरीके से Direct Tax का कलेक्शन कर ले. गंभीरता से विचार करें.

0 0 हर गांव में बिजली पहुंचाई है, हर गांव में पानी पहुंचाया है अब ज़रूरत है हर गांव और छोटे शहरों में बैंकों की शाखाएं पहुंचाई जाएं. न केवल सरकारी बैंक बल्कि प्राइवेट बैंकों को भी गांव और छोटे शहरों में जाने को कहा जा सकता है. इससे न सिर्फ लोगों को फायदा होगा, बैंकों को भी धन मिलेगा और गांवों का स्तर ऊपर उठेगा.

0 0 Most Respected Sir and Hon'ble Prime Minister,
With reference to the letter attached below, I would like to grab your attention to save an ever dying ecosystem which is a largest fresh water ox-bow lake and a bird sanctuary "Kavar Bird Sanctury" in Begusarai, Bihar.
Please find attachment with the purpose of including this topic in your upcoming "Mann Ki Baat".
Best regards
Anuj Ranjan

0 0 Sir,  May please let me know how much a householder has to pay to get toilet under Swachh Bharat Mission?

0 0 To discourage cash transactions all land registration, car purchasing, gold buying etc should be done only through credit/debit cards. Train tickets should be booked through cards only, no cash at all. Any other transaction above Rs 50 thousand to be accepted only through cards in govt or private places. Think about common payment cards-- recharge them from your account and spend anywhere, anytime. ATM credit card mandatory for all a/c holders.

0 0 Sir,
In Primary schools can't Maths,Science,Geography,Civics subjects be uniform in the country? Language and History can be regional? Pls. talk on primary education

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
It is a privilege to give views of national importance directly.
May I suggest you the following points for betterment of education/digital India.
All schools should be made responsible to open Bank accounts and Aadhar Cards of children before passing 10th class(This will help in including them in Digital India drive & encourage saving) and Voter ID before passing 12th class.

0 0 आम आदमी को 2 हज़ार जैसे बड़े नोटों की ज़रूरत नहीं, उनके लिए छोटे नोट ही काफी हैं. बड़े नोटों का इस्तेमाल सिर्फ बड़े कामों के लिए हो जैसे शादी, गहना, मकान, कार आदि. इसलिए आम आदमी में ये कम से कम बांटे जाएं. जब दो रुपए का नोट होता है तो 200 का क्यों नहीं. बहुत से दुकानदार बैंक की स्वाइप मशीन नहीं रख रहे इसलिए ज़रूरी किया जाए कि हर व्यापारी का बैंक खाता हो और वहां की कार्ड मशीन लेनी पड़ेगी. नोट बदली का कार्यक्रम भी ग़लत था जिसके कारण दलालाों ने गली मोहल्ले वालों तक के काले धन को सफेद कर दिया.

0 0 My intention is not to complain but to highlight the reality.
Lets hope you appreciate the same and improve things at the ground level. If you still need my point to point information then I would be glad to share the same. I am also willing to work for the bringing a change in whatever way I can.
Lets build smart cities which will become examples to the rest of the world and not copy others.
Namaskar

0 0 #Demonitization. Please appeal to landlords, merchants, shopkeepers, Travel agencies, Dairy/Milk agencies, Hotels to accept wallet / POS card transactions.. #Impose large level business/shop to must use of PoS...

0 0 Respected PM Sir, In Germany,UK etc prepaid mobile user can recharge TALK TIME and INTERNET separately (true in India as well), BUT THE MAIN DIFFERENCE IS, THEY DO NOT DEDUCT AMOUNT FROM TALK TIME WHEN THE INTERNET BALANCE IS OVER. instead they send SMS and disconnect the Internet Services. The Internet service can be easily continued by replying to that SMS as Y or N. Where as in India, all the Telecom companies, DIRECTLY DEDUCT MONEY from TALK TIME BALANCE and hence people hesitate to use NET.

1 0 It will be good for all of us, if Narendra Modi Ji announce some wonderful scheme for Tree Plantation, like Swachh Bharat . It could be "Harit Bharat" or "Vrikshaaropan"

0 0 I have written to many a times but have not got any reply which is very astonishing.
Smart city needs smart thinking,mindset,planning,infrastructure,sustainability and no corruption. Work from the grass-root level is required which is missing. I really feel that you should come here disguised and spend a few days as a common man to see all this and i am sure it will help you.
I hope you will do something for a better governed India and we are with you always.

1 0 सरकारी दफ्तर में कार्य का समय क्यों न बढ़ाया जाए? आज सरकारी दफ्तर और मंत्रालय करीब 12 से 16 घंटे प्रतिदिन बंद रहते हैं. इसके अलावा सप्ताह में दो दिन जो अवकाश भी रहता है. क्या इस तरह तरक्की हो पाएगी? सरकार को मंथन करना चाहिए कि दफ्तरों-मंत्रालयों में दो शिफ्टों में काम हो--एक सुबह 8 बजे से शाम 4 बजे तक और दूसरा दोपहर 2 से रात्रि 10 बजे तक. यानि 8-8 घंटे की दो शिफ्टें. इससे रोज़गार भी बढ़ेगा और सरकार की कार्यक्षमता भी. सड़कों पर जाम से छुटकारा मिल सकता है. वैसे भी रात भर बिजली तो जलती ही रहती है.

0 0 Mananeeya Pradhanmantri jee,
   (1) sarvpratham aapko cashless economy ki sahasik suruat ke liye koti koti dhanyawad. Main aapka dhyan  Bhartiya railway ki taraf aakrist karna chahta hun meri aapse yah shikayat hai ki bhartiya rail men passanger trains men shauchalaya ki suvidha nahi hai. local train men sauchalay ki suvidha nahi hone se mahilaon ko atyadhik pareshani ka samana karna padta hai.(2) cashless len-den ki suvidha pratyek railway station ke ticket booking counter par honi chahiye.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Kindly look in to the following pft file attached. I could not text here because of the limited number of characters

0 0 Respected PM, I would like you to initiate the change of pricing policy of Indian people towards foreign tourist. In my near by vicinity theres an ancient buddhist cave, whose entry fee for Indians is Rs.5 but for foreign tourist it is Rs.100. This is not fair. We assume that all the foreign tourist are millionaires. But infact they too save alot of money just to visit & see Indian culture and for that we are punishing them. If our currency is cheap let foreign tourist enjoy our low cost tourism

2 0 Reespected PM sir,
I want to drag your attention towards the complicated PASSPORT process. I appreciate the services and the good approach of the staff at PSKs. They are literally too good at service. The department is performing well over a period of time.
I have attached the brief concern of the process. I request you to go through it.
Jai Hind.
Thank you,
-Indrajeet.

0 0 https://m.facebook.com/groups/702202469880089?view=permalink&id=95597516...

0 0 Namaskar Modi ji aap kaun Mera Pranam tamare cash badha Kari eno vadho nai pan 2000 ni note nati  kadhava jv ena lidhe pachi black money generate these 500 ni j & 100ni note print karva jv  hati pan j Thai gayu e Thai gayu have tamare Jo corruption & black money dur  karvi  hoy to next Aug ma pachi 2000ni note badha Kari dejo pachi 500 ni next Jan 2018

0 0 Regarding Black money, the state of Maharashtra and Gujrat have the highest money hoarders but very few have come to the lime light by Authorities. Isn't it surprising.
Please stop your party men from wasting Taxpayers money to please you as it hurts on top of wastage of 160+CR for a shameful parliament session.
Your Mann Ki Baat is excellent but we also have Dukhi Maan Ki Baat which you must consider and take proper action.
Please do something.

0 0 Dear PM I am CA by profession.I want to share my view on cashless transactions. I have an view why we don't make free all the mobile banking and payment e wallet from Internet connectivity. This will encourage all of us to make transaction cashless because neither they have to recharge for internet nor they need to pay of net. Unless our internet is chargeable it will restrict large mass of population to make cashless transaction.

0 0 The state electricity is surcharging 0.7% extra for online payments of electricity bills whereas you are trying to convince people to go digital also big announcements from NITI ayog.
WHY?Since your last 2 visits to the city saw a overnight beautification to please you and forgotten the moment you left. this happened again the second time you visited and has started for your visit on Saturday/ Sunday.All this work costs money and doing it over and over again is foolish, to please the PM.WHY?

0 0 Respected my Pm
Please go on with" one child all fecility" to stop poverty cycle ,stop unwanted population growth of any community.It should count above 5 year live child.
After one child no gov hospital,school,or any scholarship fecility.
after 2nd child no voter or adhar fecility.Please consider this.

0 0 Respected PM
We strongly support you actions against black money/demonetisation/digtaldhan etc.
My suggestions:
1.Govt departments are hiring manpower through contracts,but contractors actually don't pay the full amount as per minimum wage policy but they get sign from employee on full amount.Govt departments should ensure that all contractors pay salary to their staff through bank only .This condition should be part of the contracts signed by departments

0 0 My suggestions
1) please take back higher value currency slowly.
2) keep record of cash withdrawal from the account along with the cash deposite also. because withdrawal cash is the first step to generate the black money.
3) For each kind of industry (Small, medium or micro) make workers payment compulsory by electronic or cheque mode. (for that laws regarding other liabilities of payee should be revised so they feel easy to divert on this mode).
4) Make Addhar card or Pancard compulsry

0 0 Namaskar ModiJi, You must be aware that the state of Maharashtra is under high dept for many years. WHY? It has the largest Industries, Highest tax payers and so on but still the Municipal corporations don't have money to buy public transport buses.What an irony.The elected government representatives are already rich and keep becoming richer every year. WHY?
Please do something soon.

0 0 मेरा देश बदल रहा है आगे बढ़ रहा है तो देश का कानून क्यो नही बदल रहा हैं ? एक ऐसे कानून की जरूरत हैं जिससे देश के संसद में कोई बलात्कारी, चोर, डकैत, हत्यारा, घोटालाबाज़ करने वाले कभी भी ऐसे पवित्र जगह पर न पहुचे। उन्हे कानून का डर हो न कि वे कानून अपनी जेब मे लेकर चले। इनको दंडित करने का ऐसे प्रावधान हो जिससे उन्हे 1 साल के अन्दर सजा मिल सके न कि कानून कि खामियो के बल पर बाहर घूमते रहे। साथ ही हर ब्यक्ति के लिए वास्तव मे एक ही कानून हो न कि गरीब के लिए अलग ओर नेता, अमीर के लिए अलग जैसा कि अभी हैं।

0 0 Dear Sir,
Brave step of demonetization, but government needs to do more. As in todays scenario common men has suffered a lot due to demonetization and actual culprits had felt almost no worry. We are sure that their black money is not going to be safe, because of genuine work of government and their enforcement departments. All the government departments are also working with full efficiency. But still to achieve more to find and penalize all the culprits .

0 0 Swachh bharat: Bring second phase by introducing schemes which allow public to clean public places.Whoever has interest can get groom stick,cleaning tools From respective in charges in each public places like hospital,railway station,bus stand,roads,public schools etc.Their names & pics can be posted for one month to encourage.Also website to displays their service for life time.Persons accommodating patient who stays long in govt hospital should compulsory involve in cleaning hospital premises.

0 0 Good afternoon sir ... this is regarding demonetization .. Suggestions :
If possible stop publishing 2000 notes as it is difficult to use them and secondly have a series for the notes so that you can keep a check on fake currency . Let no new notes be printed

0 0 namaskar sir demonetization is a good step I appreciate it but all the department of central/state government is full of corrupted person I request to you please take proper action on these corrupted officer who do not think about our nation.I also requested to you over national economy depend on highways most of goods carried traveled through highways after passing 41st day to demonetization still over highway/ tool post are not to be digitize please take a look on this

0 0 Modi Ji, Namaskar.
Very sorry state of Pune makes me feel hurt as you are trying your level best to do whatever possible, but I feel the BJP government is not on the same page as you or are incapable. There is no way to judge their contribution after the election. We need monitors to look into their daily works and give them a target which if not achieved they should be disqualified.
Some corporate hire and fire policies should be adopted for the elected government candidates. Please note.

0 0 Less Cash Campaign and Banking Fraud 
> Why are public sector banks changing a fee when I am transferring funds from one account to other ? Is this not counter intuitive. 
Alternatively, If I were to go down to the bank's branch, take out cash and deposit in other account, I wouldn't incur any charges.
At the same time why I am paying banks a hefty differential between Repo Rates and meagre Saving Rate ? Wasn't the whole purpose of differential to enable banking ? This is SICK.

0 0 Dear Modi ji, I strongly support for the children in the streets those who are abandoned, beggars etc. you must have to start an organised institution for the street children. kindly make a change in young children life and be proud to enhance the future leaders.

0 0 Regarding cashless and online transactions the whole support system is very weak. heavy power cuts in major areas( sometimes for more than 8 hours), weak expensive internet connections, weak and expensive mobile data services, basic infrastructure of Govt. departments, bad roads, unauthorized dwellings, pollution causing vehicles are at its peak.
Very sorry state of the so called IT Hub.
Please do something.

1 0 Dear PM sir
population ko lekar koi opinion dena bahot zaroori h aap is point pr bhi desh ki janta ko Kuch zaroor bole .swatch bharat mission me ye primary role play h ...agr population control nhi hogi to desh develop kabhi nhi hoga har facility har system fail h population ke aage jiska nuksan sirf janta ko h ...plz swatch bharat mission ke liye mann ki  baat me Kuch vishesh zaroor kahe. ...desh ka PM bolega to janta zaroor soche gi ..jai hind jai bharat

1 0 Prime Minister Sir please remove the COLUMN for CASTE from all the application forms, certificates, lists, census, APL/BPL, et., so that we can make a decent beginning with a lasting effect. It will work like demonetization which is a bold step but people have accepted it even with all the ill effects. We want a CASTE FREE India.

0 0 Demonetization is very good but not well implemented and executed.
Pune's Smart City Project is very difficult to achieve. Inaugurating the metro is not a solution. The city really needs to change and The BJP government needs to emphasize on basic infrastructure and educate the public to become smart citizens first. Corruption, law and order, roads, pollution is at its highest level here. Black money is holders and politicians have the final say in all aspects. please do something.

1 0 Please think if there is any possibility of giving some pension to small farmers.
Sir Demonstration give BJP big boost & we all were happy however now things are getting reversed and peoples are distracting from BJP so try to convince them else it will be the big lose in UP election and I really want to see BJP winning that the reason I'm writing to you.Sir Looks like your party workers are not giving the right details as now people mind are changing which is bad news.

0 0 Good Daftarnoon PM sir...respected pm sir ..sir apki black money ke kilaaf jang me hum aapke sath haa hum greeb logo koi atraaj nahi haa sir bs takleef un logo ko ha jine dilo me bayimani haa ma ik chaye vala ka betha hun....sir i will soo pf Demonetization is good step and to make it the best government have to take a step like Teaching everyone how to do online transactions through e wallets and implementing cashless benefits either by plastic money or by mobile banking. Very few people knows

0 0 good job sir

0 0 Sir, this is regarding Demonotization
the entire hardwork you are doing for making country prosperous will be zero if ur are attending to woes that are created by demonitization to common people. there are huge lines still in all the ATMs of all banks and they i can see people becoimng impatient.
its already 40 days from the date u have implemented the demonotization, but still lot of prblems to common people. sir iam great supporter and admirer of ur hard work and style of work.

0 0 Sir, In continuation to my earlier posts if these employees are taken into the pay roll then  they can really have a good life. As at present they are grossly underpaid. request you to look into the matter. There are many employees who are workign more than 10 yrs and no promotion nothing only with a meagre Rs 800 per year increment. Pls ponder on this. How can they strive in the high inflation economy with such a less pay packet ? PLS HELP THESE HAPLESS.

0 0 Respected PM ji
PMNY ke antargat kuch log online form bharva kar le rahe hai lekin is form ka vo Rs.50/- le rahe hai. Hame jaana hai ke is yojana ke form bharne keliye paisa dena hai ya nahi? Logonko is yojan ke baare mai puri jaankari na ho ne se kuch log is ka galat tarike se laabh na uthaye esliye.

0 0 Respected PM Sir, Request you to do something about the contractual / outsourced employees employed in various PSU's in the country. their salary is very less, they are underpaid in contrast to the regular employees working in the same grade. There is no future of promotion. They are treated in an undignified manner all the time as they are outsourced and contractual.  Can you pls frame a rule that these kind of employees who are workign in a PSU more than 5 yrs should be taken into the pay roll

1 0 sir,
Demonetization is good step and to make it the best government have to take a step like Teaching everyone how to  do online transactions  through e wallets and implementing cashless benefits either by plastic money or by mobile banking. Very few people knows using all this. try to show as much as possible informative advertisements related to teaching of using plastic money in regular use.conduct classes just bye gathering people and teach by presentations.

0 0 Respected PM Sir, Can you plsdo something for the senior citizens who are not haviing mediclaim policy. Actually there are many citizen who are devoid of all the information regarding the mediclaims. At present when they have grown old i.e more thatn 60 yrs they are suffering from various ailments. It becomes very difficutlt for citizens who are not touched by the mediclaim policy? Request you to frame certain laws / amend the insurance laws which bar them to start a policy.

0 0 Ask people of Maharashtra, Uttar pradesh and karnataka for Adoption of drip irrigation System in sugarcane cultivation
It is technically feasible, economically viable & beneficial in many ways:
Higher water application uniformity
Deceased energy costs due to reduced pumping time to irrigate a given design area
Saving in water up to 45-50% contributing to higher water use efficiency
Saving in fertilizer 25-30% due to improved fertilizer use
It will help in declining ground water level

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Need implementation strong discipline rules in the manufacturing industries of India for take necessary actions to trouble shooters of workers/employees. Some workers are not working properly then hard workers disupointed and production targets no reach in time. In the  Present management can no take able necessary actions on trouble shooters of workers due to they have unions presser

0 0 hello sir,
you are doing very good job.
i m thought about crime stop .
please if can you all mobile number do kyc/link with adhar card.....
can you maximum stop crime with this step...

0 0 Respected PM ji, We work with domestic workers. We feel this segment needs urgent help. These are the real working women, but still the most exploited segment by employers. We will be a real developed nation the day we are unable to afford domestic helpers as easily as we can today. Can we do something to ensure that they get: 1. At least the minimum wages 2. Paid into their banks, on time 3. Some contribution from employers into pension account. This will also ensure their financial inclusion

1 0 SUGGESTION FOR #Budget2017:
#MoveAhead
1st STEP: Make Mandatory for all the PAN Card.
2nd STEP: MAKE FREE ACCOUNTING MANAGEMENT Softwares for Small Businesses with inclusion of POS Facility at the charge of INR 330 (1 Rupee a day, Assuming 330 working Days)
3rd STEP: Free Tax Return filing Service Centers area wise in Every City so that to employee so many unemployed students & Giving free Consultancy Facilitation to Citizens. It is Important that ITR should be Super Small & Easy.

0 0 आजकल वित्त मंत्री बजट पर सबसे सुझाव मांग रहे है, मेरा सुझाव व्यापारी वर्ग की तरफ से है कि व्यापारी वर्ग जो भी इनकम टैक्स एवम GST जमा कराए उसका 10% सरकार उस व्यापारी के अलग खाते में जमा करदे, जैसे PF में जमा होता है ,तथा उस पर ब्याज भी मिलता रहे ताकि जब व्यापारी अपने वृद्ध अवस्था या अन्य किसी कारणवश व्यापर ना कर पाए; तो उसको वो पैसा ब्याज सहित उसको मिल जाये . धन्यवाद

1 0 विषय :- नोटबंदी

0 0 Dear Sir,
Namaste,
Hope the attached pdf file will help for the future.
Choice is yours.
Thanking you,
TDN Murthy, Bangalore

0 0 Dear Respected PM sir,
If Can Give ayurvedic plants to all families of throw out India on subsidy basis/free.  And give this plants seeds to farmers .Then ayurvedic plants/cultivation percentage will improve in India and citizens diseasees will cure with natural midesens of ayurvedic plants.

0 0 Dear Respected PM sir,
Now some very poor persons are turning to  begging side. Due to they are no have any background support from any one
If can giving proper vocational skill training to them. Then in they have life will become big change and we will strengthening to make in india.

0 0 Dear Respected PM sir,
Pass a bill to all very small and big merchants  for take swipe machines from bankers for improve digital transactions and become proper accountability from businesses of merchants and buyers.

0 0 See attachment

0 0 Dear Respected PM sir,
Pllease Send digital transaction app link to who's can no have it type of app in they have cell phones for improve Digi dhan transactions massively.

0 0 Dear Sir, Request you to make standardization in fees of doctors in all private hospitals as per their specialization. There are huge difference in fees they are charging to patients. Also fee standardization needed for all medical treatments.
Regards, Umesh Kadam, Pune

1 0 जो भी नेता राज्यसभा, विधानसभा और लोकसभा मे चुन कर आता है उनको घर, गाड़ी, नौकर, सुरक्षा, उनके और उनके परिजनों, दोस्तों को अंगिनित बार 1 क्लास मे रेलयात्रा कि छूट, साथ मे फ्री हवाई यात्रा सरकार देती हैं फिर भी कोई नेता कैंटीन सब्सिडि नहीं छोरता, उन्हे आयकर नही लगता। क्या कोई भी नेता फ्री में मिलने वाली सुविधाओं को देश और देश कि जानता के लिए  छोरने के लिए तैयार हैं? शायद कोई नही। प्रधानमंत्री जी से अनुरोध है कि subsidized सुविधाओं को खत्म करे। जब देश की जानता सब्सिडि छोर सकती हैं तब नेता क्यों नही।

2 0 Respected P.M. Uncle,
                      Our nation is now undergoing a startup boom every boy and girl wants to set up his/her startup so I am also establishing a musical startup Raghav Tune at https://goo.gl/yYvCjV and software startup Raghav Software Industries at https://goo.gl/R9rqGi so I hope that you will support and encourage me.
                                  Raghav Johri
                                  Class 11th
                                  Age 14

0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister. Sir, I have a suggestion. Why not we make 'VAAN MAHA UTSAV' a national festival. As today's pollution is getting higher and higher, I strongly believe that this is also a need of the hour. Organisation planting trees will not be enough. Every Citizen should "Plant A Tree A Year". And I am sure everyone will come forward. We have to bring it into practice and the government should promote this festival by supplying saplings, identifying place to plant the tree etc.

0 0 Hello sir, Just wanted to ask have you plan anything for safety of Animals as well. Today in my area they catch all the innocent dogs blaming them that one of the dog bite the Branch head. Suddenly I realised that how quick action is taken when any harm happens to any politician. All those dogs were crying to come out. Is this fare for them? Just because they can't talk we torture them. The real animals the culprits who actually Abuse women, people who actually harm others are freely roaming.

1 0 After demonetization, government speaking about cashless system but most of our citizens from villages and also from cities are less educated and illiterate, so chances of fraud cases is more as they may get cheated by any person. Also there may be chances of cyber attack. so discuss this topic. Publicity of electoral candidate should be done by election commission with the help of media. Arrange debates and give account of all candidate. This reduce black money of parties and election fund.

1 0 Man ki baat me sikcha aur swasth free karne ki baat karein aur logon KO ek bara tohfa dein . aur virodhiyon par varshein

1 0 Dear PM JI I request you to plz take a look on the caste problem in the small towns and villages.I know that morden cities are not suffering from this problem but in the small town this is still a big problem.i wish u must look at this problem because this problem is also a major issue which effect our country.people of small town are not much educated their thoughts are limited and they don't want to change them.I wish u must take action against this problem.it will be beneficial for our societ

0 0 PLEASE GIVE INSTRUCTIONS TO TOP MANAGEMENT OF ALL THE BANKS PRIVATE OR PUBLIC TO GET THEIR ALL BRANCHES AUDITED IMMEDIATELY, VIDEO RECORDING & OLD NOTE OF 500 & 1000 EXCHANGE, DEPOSITS, WITHDRAWAL AND COME UP WITH ANY IRREGULARITY DONE, AND TO NOTIFYING RBI, MINISTRY OF FINANCE & ACTION TAKEN REPORT IMMEDIATELY. IF & OTHERWISE ANY IRREGULARITY FOUND IN GOVT. INVESTIGATION FACE SEVERE PUNISHMENT : FINANCIAL PENALTY, IMPRISONMENT, EVEN CANCELLATION OF BANKING LICENSE

1 0 Honourable PM Modiji,I am writing to you with this hope that only you can address this problem which helps many women like me. I am working in private company in Mumbai. With the grace of God, I blessed with baby in September 2016. I am waiting for new maternity policy to pass in parliament so I can get six months’ time to take care of new born child. But looking present condition of Parliament session I lost my hope. I am not financially capable to go for leave without pay for next three months

1 0 Sir, i would like you to clear the differences for our national sports #Hockey as it was very disheartening to see players getting 50,000 only as reward.The kind of enthusiasm they were having, it would help them to nurture their future capabilities.The truthiness of their extra-ordinary efforts in these high enduring games can't be ignored. Sometimes, monetary terms matters the most. I am only a volunteer not a hockey player. #RevampIndianSports #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

1 0 stop taking old currency through bank instead of that , make an seprate  arrangement separate  district wise setup comprise of income tax official, charted accountant and cyber expert .2lackh crore currency has to be deposited if you allow bank corruption will be there .focus on  money disburse of account holder it will decease  large ques in front of bank

3 0 काले धन को खत्म करने के लिए नोटबंदी का उठाया गया कदम बहुत अच्छा हैं लिकिन देश का हर व्यक्ति जानता हैं कि देश का अधिकतम काला धन राजनीतिक पार्टियों और नेताओं के पास हैं। अगर वास्तव मे काला धन समाप्त करना हैं देश को समृद्ध करना हैं तो राजनीतिक पार्टियों को आरटीआई के अंतर्गत लाना चाहिए या उनको मिलने वाले चंदों को सार्वजनिक करना चाहिए साथ ही राजनेताओं से पूछना चाहिए और उनकी जांच होनी चाहिए कि उनके सगे संबंधियों के पास इतनी कम समय मे इतना धन कहा से आया। राजनीतिक पार्टियों पर निगरानी से देश का भला होगा

0 0 Downfall of vacancies in govt. Sector specially in ssc

2 0 Sir, i would request you to highlight the issues of pollution to common citizen.  How our growing demand is increasung threat to our life by water & air pollution.  We can protect ourselves from upcoiming problems by changing our lifestyles and following more of natural way of living. We can control pollution by way of citizen participation as like swatch bharat.

2 0 Dear Sir . Good Afternoon ! This is my very first post on your blog. so please acknowledge so that i keep posting in future. My concern is about to waive off all extra charges on credit/debit card . This is limitation of make digital india. Also make mandatory to have POS machine who have current account. then must be tally against POS sale and Cash Sale against big dealer . Really Salute to you .

0 0 I appreciate your efforts what you are doing for our Country. You have taken a very right step against the black money.I want to suggest one more thing that please take a step against corruption. Thank you

2 0 Sir.
Many elderly cannot afford to travel by air every time. For elderly,who would like to freely travel by rail,the biggest hurdle is the gap between the Platform height and the Rail coach.
Many times, an overnight journey cannot be made by the elderly simply because of this small barrier of getting into a train with dignity.
Solutions present themselves:
1. Folding ramps (like airport coaches)
2. Long term: match the platform and rail height.
The elderly will bless you.
JaiHind!

0 0 Demonetization is good step but there is a lapse in reaching cash to most common people. Some Bankers and money exchangers are responsible for this chaos. Police is nabbing such fraudsters, RBI people are also being nabbed, still cash notes are leaking from system process.
There is another major loop hole also, ATM cash van people can also change the notes with fake notes ON THEIR WAY to ATM, so fake currency reach to people who will be totally unaware and bank will also not be aware of this

0 0 pm modi ji .. 1 iam happy  you have done too good against black money even when i stand hour on atm  .2.pls check actor and actress salary strictly 3.pls instead of catching 2000notes .. ban and say 2000 note will not acceptable after 31 dec. 4. CHECK ALL PROFITABLE DEMAT ACCOUNT AND DEDUCT THE TAX WHEN MONEY PROFIT AMOUNT COME TO THE BANK FROM DEMAT SO WE CANN0T GO BEHAIND THE AUDITORS

0 0 Sir, In Kerala State, the Kerala State Anti Corruption Bureau started two Mobile Apps for eradicating the Corruption from Kerala

1 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to include the topic how The Make in India and Govt. cashless initiative can make the life of citizen very easy. For e.g. 
a. Under Make In India, how government is promoting and giving incentive's  the production of Machines (NFC touch Enabled, Card Input, Biometric etc)
b. How Government is granting funds unde various schemes for the cashless transaction in urban and rural areas
c. How it can make life easier for the citizens for e.g cashless travel in city

0 0 Respected Sir,
I would like to share some ideas that I have in mind which I believe can help in the development of India and the betterment of all Indians.
First of all, controlling the population explosion is one of the first step in the process of development.  This will lead to less exploitation of our natural resources and also help in raising healthy individuals; also this will decrease the burdens on mothers both physically and mentally and help her to raise a healthy family.

0 0 Please pass maternity leave bill in lok sabha by dec 2016. My organisation will update maternity leave once it is made compulsory.
Thanks
Pooja Dhawan Mehta

0 0 i request PM to stop taking old currency 500 and 1000 because 2 2 lakhs currency which has to be deposit all are black money .if you give chance to bank they will manipulate system and help black money holders instead you start district wise offices to collect money and ask there source , organisation compromise of one official from income tax official ,charted accountan,cyber expert.collected account must be placed in separat account till the settlement of source.this will stop the corruptio

0 0 Respected PM Ji, Good Morning. Many of the ATMs are in closed condition because banks are not want to load in ATM because many bank managers give the new currency to their bulk amount customers so common men are not to get money for their basic activities. Actually your Aim is right but middle class and poor peoples are suffering in ATM's. Please Help at least 2000 or 500 Rupees (withdraw 5x 100) in All ATM'S. I am fully supported your Scheme. Today i am also suffered due to closure of ATM's

0 0 To implement cashless transactions
1) All shops should have POS swipe machines.
For the existing/new shops they should register/report to the government within the limited
period that they have swipe machine in their shop (If internet facility available in the place).
So that majority of the shops in India will have POS swipe machines.
2) If there is common Mobile application in country for transaction
it will be so helpful to the people for cashless transaction.

1 0 Honorable Sir,
 I hope some tips to be at first cashless at following areas those created black money
1.Doctors & Nursing Homes
2.Private Schools & Collages
3.Rental Rooms & Money transfer during Sales of Lands & Buildings.
   Need to be those filed should be cashless

0 0 Respected sir,
As you known that 40 days are over but there is no change in situation. over 100 people died by standing in line. Even bank managers are involved in converting black money. Terorism are loooting banks for there financial purposes.Even still more people are using fake currency of 2000.Corruption is still on its head.Even rbi employss are involves in converting black money.Finally do you think that all thes steps shouls prove more beneficial.

0 0 Dear modi g
Kb tak m aapne bhaiyon ko shaheed hote dekhte rahenge..
thanks

2 0 I have developed an idea to embed UPI type application in feature phones from consumer angle. The major hurdle in making India into a digital economy is lack of a convenient and secure banking feature in feature phones. This idea will clear the hurdle. National Payments Corporation of India technocrats need to study this report and confirm the feasibility. If they develop a standard protocol, mobile manufacturers will come forward to embed the feature in feature phones. Pl instruct them.

0 0 आदरणीय नरेंद्र मोदी जी
अपने नोट बंदी का जो फैसला लिया है वो देश के हित के लिए क्रन्तिकारी फैसला है और में इसका तहोदिल से इसका स्वागत करता हु और अपने एक और नयी क्रांति जो की कैशलैस का फैसला भी काफी अच्छा लगा और में रोज़ 10 नए लोगो को ऑनलाइन कॅश के बारे में बताता हूं पहले हमें घर पे कोई पूछता भी नहीं था कोई निक्कमा बोलता कोई क्या बोलता लेकिन आज हर कोई अपने पास बुलाता है और पूछता है के ये ऑनलाइन पेमंट कैसे करते है सही बोलू तो आपके कारण मुझे अब काफी मान सम्मान मिलता है और मैं अब पूरा पेमेंट भी ऑनला

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir,
I am a small Travel Agent. I book rail and air tickets for clients. For railways tickets we are entitled to a service charge of Rs.20 for sleeper and Rs.40 for Ac tickets. I want to go cashless but please help. If a Sleeper class ticket is booked worth Rs.1000/- and a credit card is swiped on a POS machine we need to pay 2% bank charges which amounts to Rs.20. Please advise what I am going to earn in such a case. The swipe machine charges 3000-5000 plus monthly 300-400

0 0 Modi government has done so many things for farmers.Modi government has dared to levy kishan krishi cess to all non farmers for the benefit of the farmers.subsidised seeds, subsidised fertiliser,subsidised crop insurance. The result of krishi kalyan cess will be seen in near future.

0 0 Unfortunately, the twist given by some news agencies/sections of the Media,on the issue of IT exemption to political parties as per sec 13A of the ITax act has caused widespread misgivings even in the minds of some staunch supporters and the common citizenry.A false notion of immunity to political parties (and thus to politicians also) in converting their old 500 &1k notes, without any limit has been created. This has impacted the public opinion on supporting the demonetization move adversly.

0 1 GM PM!
1.THANKS TO CITIZENS, POLICE, BANKERS FOR PATIENCE (VENEZUELA NOT SUCCEEDED, BUT WE DID).
2. I BELIEVE FAMILY WOULD LIKE TO LISTEN NAME OF MARTYRS FROM YOUR MOUTH, WHICH WILL BE DEFINITELY BE A HONOR TO THEM.
3. WE CITIZEN NEED COMMITMENT FROM YOU SO THAT WE TRUST ON GOVERNMENT AGENCIES MORE FOR: A) OUR LESS SOLIDER WOULD DIE. B) THOSE WITH 2000 AND 500 NEW CURRENCY BLACK MONEY HOLDING WILL GO TO JAIL VERY SOON. C) THOSE WHO PLAYED FOUL IN DEMONETIZATION WILL GO JAIL. 
JAI HIND.

0 0 We are medium TET qualified candidates of Assam Lower Primary eagerly waiting for job since 2014 under SSA.We do not have professional qualification (Diploma in elementary education).But with effect from 01.04.2015 this professional qualification became mandatory for the recruitment of Assistant Teacher of Lower Primary Schools of Assam under SSA.sir, RTE Act 2009, Amendment for the recruitment of Lower Primary Teacher in Assam is very much essential.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I feel that to arouse a sense of patriotism and love for the country and country people, every Indian should compulsorily serve in the military for some minimum period (say 3 to 5 years). This, I feel will go a long way in rooting out corruption. Few years back, I had an opportunity of talking to some foreign people. I had asked them the strength of their military. I was amazed to hear that they proudly quoted the whole population of their country as their military!

0 0 Hello modiji, many of the ATMs in closed condition because banks are not want to load in ATM because many bank managers give the new currency to their bulk amount customers so commonmen are not to get money for their basic activities. Actually your aim is right but field action doesnot give good result to middle class and poor. Exchanging money through bank is not right way , when implement time you might announce bank only for deposit the money, and withdraw only by ATM .

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Shri. Narendra Modiji, It is great to see that our country is in the path of prosperity under your leadership. We wish that there are more leaders like you in every state to execute the plans that you have for our country.  My humble request to you is that you set up a team of future leaders, who will be mentored and nurtured under your guidance, So that they will be instrumental in implementing the vision that you have for our country.

0 0 Respected sir, We are medium TET qualified candidates of Lower Primary eagerly waiting for job since 2014 under SSA.We do not have professional qualification (Diploma in elementary education).But with effect from 01.04.2015 this professional qualification became mandatory for the recruitment of Assistant Teacher of Lower Primary Schools of Assam under SSA. Recently Central Advisory Board of Education also advised the MHRD to extend the relaxation of this Professional qualification by Amendment i

0 0 मोदी जी, नमस्कार। आपका विमुद्रिकर्ण का फ़ैसला हम युवाओं के लिए आशा का किरण है। मौक़ा मिले तो हम सभी प्रकार की नक़द से छुटकारा पाना चाहते है। में सरकार श्री से अनुरोध करना चाहता हूँ की आप भुगतान के स्वरूप को ज़्यादा सरल वह सुरक्षित बनाने की और प्रयास करे। चेक/डीडी से लेनदेन काफ़ी पुराना व समय लेने वाला है। अगर कोई व्यक्ति ऑनलाइन भुगतान करना चाहे तो केवल धारक के नाम, खाता संख्या, IFSC कोड से तुरंत भुगतान सम्भव हो सके। हाल की व्यवस्था काफ़ी जटिल व कठिन है।
नक़द रहित भुगतान, मुमकिन है।
जय हिंद।

0 0 We can create jobs in line with less cash India by recruiting digital India volunteers more than 10 lakhs positions all over India. This will not be financial overhead as the increase in bank transaction will increase bank transaction tax which in turn will be deposits in govt treasury. A group of volunteers can help about 5to 10 villages to go digital helping government to deploy all the schemes.

0 0 Paramilitary forces pension not allowed but sir pension is very important for ex servicmen please sir 2004 stop pension sir please and give pension I request sir

0 0 Respected primeminister
          As the cashless moment is going on in india its nice thing for country but some points i have to mention here is that
1) IF i choose to pay with my debit card for grocery bills the local shopkeeper of my area charge me 1% extra on my debit card payment then what is use of going cashless by me
2) On petrol also bank takes some surcharge on my bills paid with debit card which is more then  0.75% incentive given by government

0 0 Old men No daughter no boy he is poor person please give a pension for very old men he not work.

1 1 GO DIGITAL INDIA

0 0 Paperless academic history and admission to school/college : https://lazyengineerblog.wordpress.com/2016/12/17/digitization-of-educat... 
Dissolving caste based reservation : https://lazyengineerblog.wordpress.com/2016/12/18/dissolving-caste-based...
Building ecosystem of sports in india :
https://lazyengineerblog.wordpress.com/2016/11/20/building-ecosystem-of-...

0 0 Mobile Message Money (without Smartphones)
The M-Pesa experience (mb-msg money transfers dialling *400#) in Kenya can still be emulated in India if decentralized initiatives, at state or district level, are taken. The Banks, Mb-Service Providers and local responsible agents (ASHA, Anganwadi, Teachers, Panchayat officials, etc.) can be intertwined easily to make MOBILE BANKING a mass movement and a reality within a yr, with proper planning and recruiting efficient (+honest) individuals.
JaiHind

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ,
जिस दिन यह मन की बात होगी उस दिन संसार  भगवान यीशु का जन्मदिन मनाता है जिन्होंने मानवता के उत्थान के लिए काँटों का ताज पहना और 5  जनवरी को हम उन महान गुरु का 350 वां  गुरुपर्व मनाने जा रहे हैं जिन्होंने सरबंस क़ुर्बान कर माछीवाड़ा के जंगलों में मित्तर प्यारे को हाल बताते हुए अपने लिए मखमल के ओढण  की जगह शूलों की सेज चुनी। पीर-पैगम्बरों , महान गुरुयों नें अपना उदाहरण दे कर हमे बताया है की युग-परिवर्तन की राह काँटों के जंगल से हो कर गुज़रती है।

0 0 Hi, I am Pinakesh Banerjee, I support demonetization, but after more than a month also its extreme disorganized and chaos in the banks better the RBI, individual banks and the government do something to solve the situation or it will really be an albatross around the neck for the government !!!!!!! I am a big supporter of you Modiji, I believe in democracy but tell me if you fail who is our next choose for PM. Please salvage this situation the banks have to have to have less denomination notes..

0 0 Hello sir,I'm Subarna Goswami an SSC aspirant.Cleared CGL tier1'16 and also appeared in tier2.Now concern is that there are lots of mismanagement happend during tier2 due to which exam at 14 centres got cancelled.But not only these centres almost all other centres faced lots of difficulties.Attemted questions were not getting marked.Total attemt shown was less than original and seat allocation was not according to admit and cheating in some centres got viral. Sir we want fair reexam.Pls help us.

0 0 नमस्ते PM अंकल ,
'मन की बात' के माध्यम से मेरा यह सलाह है कि 'ATM' ऑफिस के भीड़ को कम करने के लिए क्यों न 'मोबाइल ATM' की शुरूआत किया जाय , यह ATM एक बस में फिट रहेगा, जिसमें कुछ गार्ड भी रहेंगे और हर डिस्ट्रिक्ट में "1 या 2" 'mobile ATM' रहना चाहिए और हर सप्ताह यह उस जिले के हर एक गाँव में ले जाया जाय ।
ताकि आम जनता को दिक्कत कम हो !
धन्यवाद ।

2 0 m pm g se ek baat khna chahta hu ki MLA,MP ki salary pr income tax kyu ni h kiya ye log india se ni h kiya aam aadmi ko income tax dena ka rights h.
thanks
Deepankur Agarwal

0 0 Go Digital

0 0 Dear sir,
Subodh Yadav is one of the prominent and honest IAS office I have seen, He was reforming in Bangalore Waste Management process, due to lobby he transferred to KPSC, Karnataka. In KPSC also he initiated many changes and was planning implement transparency all over. Now we got again shocking news that he is transferring from  there as well and from media got to know that he is heading towards Center since he fed up with the state decisions. Please have him in the right place.

1 1 dear prime minister g
aaj demonetization ke bad ek vakya aapse share karna chahta hu. m lagbhag 17 year ka hunga tb ki baat h mera bank m new account open hua tha. or uske baad mujhe atm mila jo ki mere frds m ni tha to m hr week m 100 ya 200 rupe nikalta tha to ek din mera dost bola ki tu hr week 100-200 nikalne ke liye ATM ka use kiyo krta h pr tb mere pass answer ni tha pr ab m khta hu ki ye tha raaj bade note kaam ke nhi hote h chote note hi kaam aate h. very good idea sir notebandi. thanks

0 0 सबसे दुखदाई बात है की मृतक किसानों के परिजनों को आर्थिक सहायता न तो जिला प्रशासन ने  दिया  और न ही राज्य सरकार ने।  सिर्फ दो मृतक किसान के परिजनों को दो - दो लाख रूपए की आर्थिक सहायता दी गई है। कई मृतक किसान के परिजनों ने कर्ज लेकर अंतिम संस्कार किया है।   ऐसी पीड़ादायक घटना दुबारा न घटित हो इसके लिए आप का सन्देश अत्यंत आवश्यक है और    मृतक किसानों के परिजनों को जल्द से जल्द सहायता राशि दी जाये जिससे उनकी असहनीय पीड़ा को  सहन करने में आत्मबल मिल सके। रीतेश तिवारी पत्रकार, दुर्ग

0 0 Sir, 
India need a faster judiciary system. Justice delayed is justice denied. Please work towards more courts and more judges. Please work with supreme court to break the logjam for Indian Judiciary Services.
Although I live in USA for work my heart still beats for India. I have very high hope on you Sir.
Please work to reduce crores of pending cases. It will strengthen the democracy and restore people's faith on the system.
Thank you,
Subhasish

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी प्रणाम 
आप से निवेदन है की आने वाली मन की बात एपिसोड में आप छत्तीसगढ़ के किसानों के बारे में एक मिनट का सन्देश और निर्देश जरूर दे। माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी  छत्तीसगढ़ में पिछले तीन सालो में पूरे प्रदेश में ३०९ किसानों ने आत्महत्या कर अपनी जीवनलीला समाप्त कर ली है। आत्महत्या करने की मुख्य वजह पानी के अभाव में फसल बर्बाद होना है।  छत्तीसगढ़ सरकार ने स्वयं माना है की ३०९ किसानों ने आत्महत्या की है।

0 0 I have added some of my suggestion for cashless India. I am sure you will look in to it. I hope some of these gets implemented. I sincerely hope the exercise of Demonetization is not ended up with political gains only.

0 0 Respected modi ji.
Maine aapko mail bi kiya h r Twitter pr tag bi kiya h SSC CGL ke paper me hue gadbadi k sambandh me. Sir plz ssc me hue scam ko apne best of knowledge me le . U r our last hope sir.

0 0 इस सम्बन्ध में मैं बता दूँ, फेसबुक से कोई हैकर किसी अकाउंटधारक के नाम,जन्मतिथि, पिता का नाम सहित कई जानकारी निकाल कर किसी के भी अकाउंट में सेंध लगा सकते हैं । लड़ने की कलाबाजियों से बेखबर 'जन-धन खाताधारक' को ऐसे में ग्रहण लग सकता है । मेरा सलाह है, क्यों न बैंक पासबुक में एक यूनिक कोड दिया जाय, जो कि अकाउंट नंबर से भिन्न हो और जो सिर्फ खाताधारक को ही मालूम हो !

0 0 sir
though iam a house wife i fallow u and appreciate your ideas one thing is very painful is opposition cheap tactics sir please think about human psycology. we feel secured when we have atleast 10 rupee coin in hand your digitalisation is ok but still we need immediate money by hand this is what we observe especially old people please see that oldd people get their money in lower denominators  inhaand this is my request

0 0 आदरणीय PM अंकल,
सादर नमन् !
बैंकिंग सेक्टर वालों के लिए आपके माध्यम से मेरा कुछ सलाह है,जब हम किसी बैंक के 'कस्टमर केयर' से बात करते हैं तो पहले वे हमारे अकाउंट नंबर, जन्मतिथि,पिता का नाम इत्यादि के बारे में जानकारी लेते हैं । फिर तब वे हमारे अकाउंट-सम्बन्धी परेशानी को बताते हैं, यथा:- अकाउंट में कितने रुपये हैं,अकाउंट खुली है,बंद या फ्रीज़ इत्यादि ।
चूँकि आज का युग खुली-स्पर्द्धा 'सोशल मीडिया' का है और आपने भी 'मन की बात' में 'कैशलेस सोसाइटी' के बारे में कहा है । क्रमशः

0 0 To discourage cash transaction some charge for a payment above certain amount may be charged as printing of currency notes bears cost.

0 0 Everyone including media advocates use of cashless transactions; nobody describes step wise procedures how to procure instrument and use it. Kindly tell media / banks to publish use of various instruments in detail

0 0 Shri. Modi Ji, Please enforce the application processes of all citizen services should capture the basic Citizen information from only through the AADHAAR data, ie Full Name, Date of Birth, Father Name, Mother Name, Sex, Address .. The service provider should not capture this data individually,  they should compulsorily capture data from the UIDAI AADHAAR data base and use the same to populate in their application process..Please make sure that this is enforced. It will ease the process.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I want you to talk about the VIP culture prevalent in our society wherin public representatives and other people holding responsible positions in the government who carry armed gunmen and escort gypsies and hence cause immense burden on public exchequer. This needs to be discouraged.

0 0 Dear sir, just as subsidy on lpg is not given to total family income of ₹10lakhs and above,members of those families who have deposited ₹2.5 laks after 08.11.16 should be taxed individually or head of the family be taxed wherever the total is ₹10 lakh.otherwise, those with annual income of ₹2.5 lakh (other than salaried and agricultural class) like hoteliers, doctors, saloon owner etc who has also converted their black money will be spared compared to salaried class who get salry after TDS.

0 0 Please make *99# toll-free.

0 0 Hi Prime Minister Modiji, Before this year ends, I really look forward to get the Maternity Amendment Bill 2016 to be passed. It is in your hands and you are the only one that can make this happen. I request you to be get this passed before the year ends. We have been waiting since August 2016 to get this implemented. Please do not make us wait any further. You encourage women to stand up and fend for themselves. This will be one big step towards women empowerment and is very much needed today.

0 0 dear sir,
demonetization is best step. i have some suggestion i have some suggestion regarding cash supply problem. can we put these cash (collected by CBI, police and other agency) in atm. because in this time our people needs this money. atm is best place for this money not agency store.

0 0 Sir,I want to say about the library in villages . So that in free time young of village can know what happens near around . Youngsters can read newspaper and know about latest technology.Because sir books are true friends. please give suggestions on this in Mann Ki Baat

0 0 Due to low interest rates in banks Senior citizens w.o. pension, especially the octogenarians and nonagenarian are now in distressed condition. Interest rates in Senior Citizen Savings Scheme (SCSS) should be on age basis. For ages between 60 to 69 may be @12%, 70 to 79 @13%, 80 to 84 @14%, 85 to 89 @15%, 90 to 95 @16% with 10% bonus on maturity. Since people above 80 years is only around 80 lakhs, the financial burden will not be much, but for all people at fag end of life may get some relief

0 0 mananiya pradhanmantriji sadar naman
I want put the following line for Swaccha Bharat aviyan ,we know that December & January is the pick season for Picnic & all Eco tourism spots will be grossly polluted by used plastics ,etc which will be ultimately harmful for mother nature & the natural beauty of that place ,So i urge all through you sir, to observe a Swachhata drive  during our picnic in that spot like what we celebrate dance,song,sports etc ,Swachha picnic should our motto

0 0 Sir aapka Demonetization ka faisla bht hi accha hai.. we all Indians with you.. But sir Black money ko bht logo ne white kiya Social Trade aur Web work company ke dwara .. kyunki ismain 57000 ki figure main log paisa lagate hai.. aur company usko bina kisi proper kaam ke har mahine 22500 de rahi hai.. wo bhj poore 12 month mean 270000, pls aap RBI se is tarah ki companies ki jaanch karayen ... jis se ke Black money ko white karne ka network khatam ho.. Jai Hind.

0 0 To change our society first we need to change the system of education, Many universities do not have changed their syllabus for long times. for example, "University of kota, rajasthan" does not change their BCA syllabus after many years.

0 0 Topic can be "Impact of Movies on Society". Movies largely impact the society. Fashion trends, conversations easily are influenced by movies. Similarly, if the movies are showing methods of teasing or harassing women, what sort of good are they doing to the society? That becomes the root for youth (especially uneducated) to do so in their real lives and take wrong directions.

0 0 I believe sooner or later Indians have to accept that digital payments will be the way of life not cash . Indians have to accept this fact . So the PM should appeal youth both rural and urban to help and teach others to use USSD,wallets , adhar payment etc as a voluntary social service . If each person helps 10 persons to go digital the goal of the goby will be achieved

0 0 Sir we all know common man usually afraid of deptt involved in any activity
But as the advocates, CA's and concerned mediators have nexus with the officers they promote corruption by offering them ways to save money by not paying tax
Pleae made some laws that if any client found guilty of tax evasion then his CA, advocate will also be responsible and penalised
Same is the case in juridictionc
And I can make sure that in 90% of case these advocates&CA knows the truth.

0 0 I think the idea of cashless society is very good as long INTERNET works all the time with good speed and local government does not shutdown internet for public. Eventually India can reduce corruption and black money.

0 0 Develop Every City As Smart City Bring Huge Investementy in Infrastructure & Manufacturing Speedy Up all Imvestement & Infrastructure Process's

1 1 Free Food & Free Loan Should be Insured to Every Citizen of India for Growth

0 0 Without education we can't make strong growth
Education is indirectly a way of healthy growth
So much curruption ...So cash less is too gud for education system 
Still we are facing curruption so still we have to find more ways like CCTV IN ALL SCHOOL AND COLLEGE ...
AND  CCTV DIRECTLY CONNECT admin of  STATE
But one more thing is different different education system in different cities and states...We have to make one country one university.Same pattern for all

0 0 sir, till date so many leaders came so many progrommes schemes introduced brought many systems from independence onwards but there is no clarity or transparency how india is moving. as a citizen of india i am requesting you to do only two things properly 1) make all existing systems simple clear transparent to public. 2)make road map for all problems india facing and how we are going to solve them ,make vision , mission keep targets make % of acheivement to public. we all supprot u .

0 0 No parent or college never encourage students to become the pm or president of India . Let's create a dream for our child to become the pm or president of India.please ignite their mind. Don't stop their mind by giving a target become a engineer or doctor
We need youngest pm and president. Let's join hands let's encourage younger politicians. I have no children otherwise I will do the same .one day I will establish INDIAN POLITICIAL SCHOOL with the help of modiji. I hope modiji will fulfill it

0 0 we have to have a department in each state to make a better village. the department can work with local fund / donation / Government funds. there should be a website for this organization and we can donate money on these websites
governemt can make an organization who can take care old age and orphane children. people can donate money on these websites.
existing old age house and orphane children organization can merge with this organization

0 0 सर नमस्कार, शिक्षा और स्वार्थ ये दोनो का हमारे देश में माहोल बहुत बिगड़ा और उनकी मनमर्ज़ी का हे, जिनके स्कूल और हॉस्पिटल हे, में ये नहि कहता की सभी एसे हे पर बहुत एसे हे, इन दोनो संस्थाओं को आप की मन की बात की अति आवयकता ह, धन्यवाद 🙏

0 0 Good morning sir
I want to say about the importance of moral education in today's life.Today we are doing everything for our better tomorrow.But it will not be helpful if we don't get moral,responsible citizen.
Our teachers always give us moral education but that is not in a regular basis.I want to say mostly in schools if they can,manage a specific time(after prayer or a class) to give a moral lesson daily(story,biography,sharing any views).That will be very much handy to make a strong nation

0 0 1. Pension for an old age people ( 3000 RS / Month ).
2. EI ( Employment insurance )
3. Pension for a person who contribute on Government Pension plan.

0 0 Try to solve already persisting crisis in Railways:1) Transgenders are common threat to passengers in Bangalore trains, forcibly collecting money.2) Workers employed by railways keep on shouting nonstop to sell goods inside trains, makes journey uncomfortable.3)Local goons making living, by alloting empty seat for money, bribing from innocent passengers.

0 0 1. Mandatory education in schoolon personal hygiene, Traffic rules( with in school traffic light) and how to treat senior citizens and disable.
2. Makes general road safety parameters( coloring of speed breakers etc)and earthquake resistant house design to public so that people can make use of it.
3.  Incentives to builder for ecofriendly buildings.
4.Mandatory CCTv in Kindergartens

1 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी नमस्कार, आपके माध्यम से मेरा एक सुझाव है, आज हम तेज़ी से कैशलेस एकानोमी की तरफ जा रहे है, ऐसे में जब घर पर एलपीजी सिलेंडर ले के जब डेलिवरी बॉय आता तो कैश मांगता है,मेरा मानना है क्या हम बुकिंग करते वक़्त भुगतान ऑनलाइन नहीं कर सकते या फिर वो pos मशीन साथ लाये या कोई दुसरे degital तरीको से पेमेंट ले। अगर ऐसी कोई व्यवस्था हो जाती है तो गृहणियो समेत सबको सहूलियत होगी।
धन्यवाद

0 0 I have great ideas about this INDIAN SCHOOL OF POLITICS. I have a detailed report over this. All spiritual intuition producing only spiritual leaders they are only developing their organisation. So now we  need spiritual political leaders for future India. Sir ,give me a chance I will show how it will work. It may not give instant results but in future. Only you can do this coz your not selfish.hope you may look forward in this regard

0 0 Sir,this time it is the birthday of Pt. Madanmohan Malaviya on 25. So I request you to make the country aware of his sacrifices.
I would also like to hear from you that to what extent #demonetisation has been effective according to you & how much black money has been recovered.
Thanks to government for celebrating #RashtriyaSanskritiMahotsav in Varanasi. #MannKiBaat

0 0 make cumpolsory that every employee should take pledge at the starting of their dayswork at office where pledge says he will work for national growth and respect

0 0 Try to solve existing crisis:
1) Trains making unnecessary halts in between railway stations, more than 10 times before reaching destination.
2) Train toilets are horrible, waste disposed then n there in railway station itself.
3)Train seats are uncomfortable, no flexible seats for long journey.

0 0 Sir,goodmornig.
Your the hope of India .it's time India need more and more MODIs.its time for establishing INDIAN POLITICIAL SCHOOL.after you who lead the country . Now we need more leaders like you. No school or intuition are constraining in this regard. After all terrorists conducting training champion why don't we establish a school in such way to bring honest leaders for future of our country. We have sainkschool,business school engineering colleges medical colleges but no political school

1 0 Shri Modi Ji ko Pranaam,
I want to say about Lighting Industries Based on LED Product, They are manufacturing LED Product having Registration Number from BIS, so please Issue the letter to BIS for minimum tow technical check Visit in the Industries for Maintaining the Quality of Product

1 0 Regarding your Digital India initiative, it is a fantastic approach....but on other hand we need to improve our forensic investigation skills to prevent crime. Thinking about Cashless transaction, I feel like there are more chances for hackers to enter banking servers to transfer black money digitally. This will bring pain for us to prove that its black money.

1 0 In legal system the rape case of suspects if proven with DNA evidence no matter if he/she is under 18 or 16 ... if he can rape he should be hanged immediately. Not to safe guard in VIP cell and spending public tax for investigation and atlast giving bail.

1 0 Forensic Investigation on cases - Sir we have to bring forensic investigation of private forensic experts also into the legal system since they are also having knowledge, one hand we have hand few of forensic experts in Government central and state labs and other hand we have private forensic experts waiting for opportunity from Government law enforcement agencies. Private forensic experts should be deployed with Government agencies in assisting the case.

1 0 देशके वर्तमान हालात को त्वरित सामांन्य बनानेकेलिए लिए हम कम से कम समाये में स्थाई समाधान देसकते है. मुझे लगता हैकि ,हम अगर पेपर करंसी को नोरमित ( प्रिंट ) हिनाकारे  जो उद्देश्य भी है ?
हम शीधे -शीधे पेपर कैरेंसीको ,प्रीपेड -रिचार्जेबल कार्ड में रिप्लेस करे ; देशके सभी शहरके के नागरिक राष्ट्रीय प्रीपेड -रिचार्जेबल कार्ड का ही उपयोग करेंगे और ग्रामीण में रहत के लिए उपलभ्द  शिक्के और १,२,५,१०,२०,५०,१०,के नोट कोही प्रयोग में लाएंगे तो,ईस बड़ी लगने वाली समस्सया का समाधान निकलेगा;शहरमें सभी

0 0 @Bharatnet.  Very good Morning Hon. PM Modi Sir..To speed up Digital India Mission it is requested to appeal to farmers and state PWD Authorities (Roads ) to co- operate for laying optical fibre cables for making Grampanchyats online.Only cause behind delay of rural digitization is vested interest of PWD Road authorities.It is requested to appeal state PWD authorities to co-operate and not create intentional hindrances to Bharatnet programme of govt.of India.----Er.Ganesh Borse,BSNL Jalgaon MH

0 0 Namaskar Narendra Modiji, We are really proud to have as our prime minister. We admire the sincere efforts in you to eliminate corruption.  I request you to provide some data to public on the efforts made sofar, number of people caught, amount of money recovered from them during demonetization IT raids, also your further plans to catch hold of high and mighty so that the opportunities in India are equal  to all. A show case of how poorest people can sell their products using cashless mode helps.

3 0 Dear PM/DigitalIndiaTeam,
This my unique IDEA. I have many things in detail. I will share it securely to you if it will recognize by you. I am a Network Engineer by profession.
IDEA Brief:: To maintain all kinds of information of a citizen of India in a single unique Digital ID Card (DID). Aadhar card is just a wastage. Just combine all these, like PAN, VoterId, DL, etc into a one digital card. All kinds of information of a citizen means "everything". Need to plant a big database server.

0 0 sir  SSC board candidates k saath khel rha h inse exam conduct nhi ho rha thik or accept bhi nhi karta.  cgl Tier 2 ka exam hua h usme server problem and mismanagement hui h bahut jyada kuch centre to unhone paper wale din cancel kar diye but baki centre ka kya kiya kuch nhi.  koi sunta nhi h board me. genuine candidate suffer kar rha h. cheating case bhi jyada ho rhe h plz sir kuch sochiye iss bare m we are suffering alot

1 0 Modi ji please take action against doctors who charges heavy money to people. They deliberately charge them heavy money like eg unnecessary keeping in ICU, keeping on ventilator although patient is dead, Doing unnecessary tests. These should be independent audit of random files of the doctors how they charged, patient interviews. This is a big scam plz take care

0 0 Castration of rapists. Whoever opposes means they have molested someone.
Electrification of all "possible" roadside "urinals".
Traffic cameras and automated ticketing system for any vehicle that stop anywhere it wishes.
Better quality trucks and other transport vehicles. Stringent passenger and load bearing driver licences.
Shut down "theka desi sharab" shops. It is not an industry that is assisting India in moving forward from any angle.

0 0 Please ask Indians to Reuse and Recycle. Especially plastic items and paper.

0 0 Mr.PRIME MINISTER. We need to discuss and address the ground level steps needed to make demonitisation successful in villages and small towns.plan a one day campaign where all teachers and higher standard students of villages will learn using UPI and E-wallet in schools and small plays in villages on how to use digital options like e-wallet.JAI HIND.

0 0 Set architectural standards. It is all good for tall buildings and such but we need to set some standards for housing sector as well.
Proper maintenance standards for pop-up shopping complexes as safety becomes a major concern.
Recycling will pave the way for India given that we are taxing our natural resources due to the population and major lack of education and lack of responsibility. Be it recycling water, paper waste, etc.

0 0 Start 1 child policy.
Municipal waste collection to be availabe/efficient. None that I have seen in Dehradun or Gaziabad for example.
Ensure proper signals, road demarcation, no parking on roads.
Better fitness levels for police; to be tested every 2 months till we reach our standard.
Education standard for police and of course people keen to bundle into the parliament.
Wish opposition wld work for the nation rather than their own agendas till the next election.

0 0 देश आज बेरोजगारी की समस्या को झेल रहा है सर
मैं आँखों से विकलांग हूँ और सामान्य कैटोगरी से आता हूँ,और जहाँ भी जाता हूँ कोई ना कोई दंश मुझे झेलना पड़ता है
संसद द्वारा पारित दिव्यांग विधेयक बहुत ही सराहनीय कदम है
पर ये कैसे सुनिश्चित होगा कि इससे हम लोगों की कठिनाइयां कम होगी
क्योंकि जब तक लालफीताशाही हर जगह बरक़रार है विकलांगों को परेशानी जारी रहेगी
इसलिय एक ऐसा सरकारी तंत्र बनाया जाय जिससे की दिव्यांगों को किसी भी समस्या से निपटारा पाने के लिए किसी एक ऑफिस के ही चक्कर लगाना पड़े
Thank #MyGov

0 0 "एक कदम से लाखों रोजगार के साथ कैशलेस ग्रामीण भारत निर्माण"
आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,
ग्रामीण भारत को डिजिटल भुगतान व्यवस्था से जोडनें के लिये दो कार्य एक साथ शुरू करने की आवश्यकता है।
1.ग्रामीण क्षेत्र की दुकानों आदि पर आधार आधारित भुगतान मशीन उपलब्ध करवाने अदि कार्य में लाखों युवाओं को रोजगार दिया जा सकता है।
2. किसानों को अपने सभी कृषि उत्पादों का भुगतान सीधे उनके बैंक खाते में मिले, इसके लिए सभी कृषि मंडियों में व्यापारियों द्वारा डिजिटल भुगतान अनिवार्य। अधिक जानकारी पीडीऍफ़ फाइल में...

1 0 Dear sir
Please announce strict rules for below
1.All vehicles should maintain lane while driving
2.People to follow traffic rules as mandatory
3.Respect pedestrian
etc...

0 0 Want to replace Rs 1 crore cash with new notes? These 'change' agents can do it in 1-hour http://ecoti.in/0-n6Xa via @economictimes - this article came in economic times.
It is high time to stop these kind of malpractices as the deadline of 30th Dec is approaching fast. Mr. Prime Minister Ji plz do something to stop. Save our nation from these criminals...

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am in favour of demonetization steps being taken by Govt.In this regard I would like to give some suggestions:
a) Cash withdrawl limit from the banks to be fixed as low as possible i.e. Rs 2000/- only in a day so that public may adopt online system of payment.
b) Limit for keeping of cash in a house be fixed as low as possible i.e. Rs 20000/- only
c) Training for employees for cashless transaction may be arranged and mobile set with loaded feature be provided at home branch

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Modi Ji,  After Demonetisation, govt wants all citizens to use digital payment in day to day life, then likewise, people also expect all political parties to accept all donations through digital mode only. Regds.

1 0 Respected Prime Minister Modi Ji, नोटबदीं के बाद जैसे सरकार चाहती है सब डिजिटल का प्रयोग करें वैसे लोग भी आशा करते हैं कि सब राजनीतिक दल चंदा डिजिटल से लें

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
              I want to bring this into your attention, main problem of today in villages and in urban areas too is of education. Its the vaccination every citizen of India has the right upon. The main problem in education sector is regarding good teachers. I request you to please plan to give every teacher House for free as a motivation for the educated and deserving youth to migrate to that sector. That will be best gift for generations to come.
Regards
A Fellow Indian

0 0 Modi ji please give telephone number to give info for people having black money. Also with every service plz add a customer service number as we have in Canada. These customer service people should solve the complaint of consumer right there. Every department of govt should have customer service number

0 0 Modi ji please do something for professional who want to accept cash only. They have number 2 receipts. Please make a law that everybody who is receiving cash must give receipt to the other person. Proper valid receipt stamped by authority

0 0 Modi ji please do something to change Money of NRI. Since some of my friends have some cash in 500 and 1000 rupees. Plz let me knw where they can deposit that cash.

0 0 Please catch politician like Rahul Gandhi, Lalu Yadav, Mulayam Yadav, Kejriwal and Robert Vadra who have done messive Corruption and benamy property. We are very hurt that These people are insulting our great and beloved Prime Minister every day. Modi Ji please do something. Not even a single big corrupt peolitican has gone to Jail in ur tenure. Modi ji plz do something its high time.

0 0 Dear Modi Ji Some Bank People are involved in doing black money white. Dear Sir they are destroying ur reputation because gen public is not getting cash but they are giving to black money people by getting commission. Gorakh dhanda by some bank employee is in full Swing

0 0 Dear Sir,Those who have put their black money in to the banking system by misusing the Jandhan accounts of poor people should not be spared.They should not be allowed to withdraw that amount and give back to the black money owners,the persons behind the scene who have misused the facility to convert their black money to white!
separating genuine cases is difficult! Withdrawals under these accounts must be subject to strict scrutiny.Again bank managers will help them.br

0 0 Doctors, pvt hospitals, clinics still insisting CASH ONLY, not ready to accept card payment. This is really big hurdle. Some medical shops accepting card, but most of the them not. Have to find way for cashless treatment with private Doctors/hospitals. Huge un-accounted money being collected by Doctors/Hospitals, no receipt is given to patients. All the professionals were having no.2 fake accounts/receipts.

0 0 Am an NRI living in chennai, went to BOI branch, it was displayed only Rs.2000/- can be withdrawn from my account. I couldn't understand the logic behind the explanation given by bank manager, but BOB in the same area were giving Rs.24000/-, where is the mistake, really disgusting, during recent cyclone the sufferings gone up, no power, no internet, POS not working, no cash in bank/ATM. Plz address the issue asap.

0 0 Post demonetization, only public standing in the bank/ATM queues, couldn't see any single business man or politician(even a ward member) standing in the long queues. There were so many incidents across our country, these so called powerful person (politician/businessman) being serviced by Bank officials by going to their place to give new currency to exchange with old currency,making huge profits by way of commission with brokers. How to solve this problem??? when the public sufferings will end

0 0 well educated people in India. Only thing require for employer when they hire new employee.
3 month of customer care training. How to deal with real customer when they step on to your counter. How to talk. No chair for employee. Both customer and employee are on their feet.One window service. Finish all customer work on same window.you can not send customer to oher window. employee has to go and help customer.

0 0 danish ali
mohlla-islam nagar
naugawan sadat distt-amroha

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ,में आपको एक सुझाव देना चाहता हु बहुत   सी जो फैक्टरी बंद पड़ी हे इनको चालू कराया जाये जैसे हमारे जिले में सूत मिल बंद पड़ा हे अगर यह मिल चालू हो जाता हे इसमें नई भर्ती करा कर बहुत से नोजवानो को रोज़गार से जोड़ा जा सकता हे सर आपके पास अब  पैसा भी बहुत आ गया हे पैसे की कोई कमी नही हे  क्योंकि ऐसी ही जाने कितनी फैक्ट्री पुरे देश में बंद पड़ी हे अगर हम उन्हें चालू कराये तो लाखो नोजवानो को रोजगार दे सकते हे अगर मेरा सुझाव अच्छा हे तो प्रधानमंत्री  सर जरूर मनन की बात में सामिल करे आ

0 0 हर खरीद , बिल  भुगतान  के  डिजिटल  कैश लेस्स  प्रैक्टिकल  तरीके  अपना कर प्रोत्साहन  के तौर  पर खुशी  फ़ैलाने की पहली  खेप सौगात  २५  दिसम्बर  गिफ्ट्स  की आप (मोदी जी) को  बधाई  ( सवा सो करोड़  आम जनता  को बधाई ) बच्चन  जी  के कौन  बनेगा  करोडपती  में  कुछ  लोगों  को  ही  करोड़  रुपये  का इनाम  मिला  जब की जन धन  के  डिजिटल (कैश लेस्स भुगतान) उपयोग करने वाले असंख्य लोगों  को  इनाम  मिलने  जा रहा है फाइनल  राशि की भी घोषणा  की  जाये धन्यवाद्
Happy New Year 2017 Change Capitals of some States

1 0 I want to give you an idea to improve the education system. This is very bold idea as it will be a very tough decision to take. Please make a law that every LS & RS MP, ALL MLA's, STATE/CENTRAL MINISTERS, CHEIF MINISTERS,  CENTRAL/STATE/LOCAL GOVT EMPLOYEE,GRAM PANCHAYAT, BEAUROCRATS, ANYBODY WHO WANT TO CONTEST ANY ELECTION IN INDIA,SPORTMEN  INCLUDING CRICKETERS, IF POSSIBLE CELEBRITIES AND BUSINESSMEN will admit their children in a public school rather than any Private or International school

0 0 मेरा नाम मनीष कुमार, पिता श्री सुरेंद्र कुमार और मैं आरा, जिला भोजपुर, बिहार का रहने वाला हूँ और मैंने अपने मन की बात इस कमेंट के सांथ संलग्न पीडीऍफ़ में लिखा है. और मुझे आशा है की मेरे मन की बात आपके मन तक जरूर पहुंचेंगी

0 0 प्रधानमन्त्री जी,
साल 2016 का यॆ आखिरी मन की बात कार्यक्रम हॊगा, अत: आपसॆ निवॆदन है कि आप सन्छिप्त मै सरकार द्वारा शुरु कियॆ गयॆ विभिन्न कार्यक्रमॊ की यथा स्थिति कॆ बारॆ मै अवगत करायॆ, जिससॆ कि सब नागरिकॊ कॊ सही सही जानकारी मिलॆ. क्यून्की शॊशल मीडिया पर इस बारॆ मै काफी दुस्प्रचार फैला हुआ है. नकारात्मक ऊर्जा कॊ हटाकर नयॆ वर्ष  2017 मै सकार्त्मक ऊर्जा का प्रवाह करना अति आवश्यक है | धन्यवाद |

0 0 उस  व्यक्ति  को  जो  डिजिटल लेन   देन ( बिना कैश ) सिखा  कर  पीसी , लेपटॉप  विडियो  के प्रैक्टिकल  उपयोग  सीखने  वाले  के  हाथों  से   करवा के  अक्षम   लोगो को   सामर्थ्यवान  बना  रहा  है यहाँ  तक तो  सही  है उसे  "उन्नति  की  कहानी " का विडियो पोस्ट  करना  पड़ेगा (self  praise is no  recommendation )  उनके   सेल्फ  रेस्पेक्ट  का ध्यान  रख /अन्य धोखेबाजों से भी  बचा जा  सकता है  हर मोहल्ले से सरकार दो   जानो का  चयन करे जिन पर  विश्वास  हो  , ईमानदार हों , सरकार Guptchar द्वारा  आमंत्रित SARATHE

1 0 सेवा में ,
  माननीय प्रधानमंत्री
  श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी
  नई दिल्ली  भारत
विषय -न्याय व्यवस्था को सुधारने हेतु अति महत्वपूर्ण सुझाव |
महोदय,
सविनय निवेदन यह है कि मेरा नाम -स्नेह श्री  पिता -श्री संजय कुमार निवासी -मकान नंबर -254 ए .पी कालोनी थाना -रामपुर जिला-गया बिहार का निवासी हूँ  महोदय मैं आपको न्याय व्यवस्था को सुधारने  हेतु कुछ अति महत्वपूर्ण सुझाव देना चाहता हूँ ,महोदय सिर्फ हमारा  भारत महान लिख देने से हमारा भारत महान नहीं होगा इसके लिए जरूरत है कुछ सख्त कदम उठाने #Mygov #AIR

0 0 Jai Hind Jai Bharat Jai jai JAWAN Jai KISSAN.
Hon'ble PM Modi ji
I have maan ki baat when every soldier of National is to शहीद I feel we are doing something wrong . Please do it correct.
Pm ji I have an idea to resolved the  problem of border .
To talk and talk and again talk until this matter is and resolved . जब तक कोई हल नहीं निकलता तब तक बैठक हो रहे चाहे day ho ja night meet is to move on until some good decision is come
Jai Hind Jai Bharat

0 0 Dear Sir,
Please consider to stop power cuts in evening Peak hours  6:30 to  8:30 across India,  to help students and common people.
Thanking You.
On behalf of  all needy bharathiya  .
Vande Mataram
@BengaluraDeepa

0 0 Sir thanks for talking this bold decision,
Sir first prepared  all gov  account & all grampanchayat  ,muncy party account are digitally payment accept.
And advise all dist - to open one app and share  improment for city & disscion for people for problem .
One nation TV channels  to promote to how to make digital payment & security.
                                                           Thank you sir
                                             (I am proud of Indian)

0 0 sir,we all know now a days India continuously protesting against terrorism and the promoters of terrorism.As it is 'mann ki baat',not any international summit,I request to our honourable PM to concentrate more on the achievements of fight against corruption,poverty alleviation and transparent governance rather than terrorism.We,the people of India,really really feel proud and encourage us to give more effort in our work by seeing prosperity and reform of our great country. Jai Hind.

0 0 Please share your views on Political Party funding... It has become back door for black money

1 0 nationalize all Charitable Trusts.

0 0 mangroves are destroyed, every inch of land is encroached, Govt land is encroached, and thousands of illegal structures are being built in Mumbai and across India. Then files go missing . Land ownership details are changed in the Govt offices, plans are changed . Govt must nationalize every such building , records of which are missing from Municipality offices . All assets attached, pensions stopped of all Govt officers during whose tenure such illegalities happened and until records recovered.

0 0 Include digital transction study with profit and loss and security in the syllabus of school students to college students of all stream .also modi sir please says to abvp and bjym to made this movement like indian freedom movement so that your party will be called most progressive party in India .digital India is future with or without help of gov then why not bjp take this credit by using educate to their all worker .sir increase the smart phone density in India bcoz you won by youth

0 0 Sir,first of all ,thanks a lot for steps taken by our government to make india corruption free.there is no confusion in saying that india is progressing day by day.and month before demonetisation I went bank to withdraw money. I was last person in queue, after few minutes a man came and went directly to counter and took money .I asked whether there is any special rule for such person.bank employ told me not to argue and simply stand in queue. Sir,how we can fight such mentality?

1 0 This web initiative can be accessed by any enemy by just creating a login id and read all inputs. must have some policy so that access can be linked only through adhaar card . Many of the information available online can easily be accessed by enemies to misuse . details of army officers,police personenels, RTI information on SIC and CIC and respective Govt agencies can be misused by enemies.

1 0 1.  क्या passport verification के लिए थाना मे इसके कोइ भुगतान करता परता है ?
2. अगर नहि भुगतान करनी परती है तो जबरदस्ती क्यो मंगता है ?
3. और रुपया नही देने से बोलते है(पोलिस वाल) कि आपकी को यह काम नही होगा और आपको अनेक कार्यालय        दुड़ौउंगा |यह system कब तक चलेगी?
4.एक गरीब छात्र इसको कैसे झेलेगा?
                                             हरे राम राय

1 0 AMERICA use a very big team of canines inthe army. Indian army must have at least 50000 canines as they are useful in every way from protection to raising alarm . Every army camp, checkpost must be guarded with Canines. Please search google on how Canines are useful with army and with soldiers.

1 0 COCOA production is very less as comapared to demand. So many companies use artificial colours and flavors and sell carcinogen in the name of chocolates. BANN all food products which do not have any nutrients and make use of artificial colors and flavors.

0 0 Cash payment on billed amount should be baared beyond 10 k , as it is going to consume huge mony to people and now no one is in mood to send mony back to market as it will slowly convert in to blank , plz look into . Again m saying outsoure it to third paey in shedo of rbi .also there are so many Departments enjoying work is stopped . Use them for smooth functioning.

0 0 stop every food stalls on he road as they make roads dirty. create time zone for hawking and let them sell for whole night but not occupying streets and roads during peak hours.people shall enjoy shopping during night.make registration compulsory for hawking

1 0 repair the damage caused due to demonetization with a revolutionary manufacturing, job creating idea . Poor and middle class are most affected . Give free education to create an army of engineers, doctors and professionals with a time bound longer term internship to compensate for the free education and then only Honor with degree . MSME charges of Rs7500 for a 2 day workshop is just nonsense.Make it free and let whole of India learn and contribute in national growth.Everyone will find work.

0 0 Cont. from my previous post: All factories,distributors,dealers,whole sellers and retailers should generate online bills on the NIC portal & digital payment made by customer should also be routed through the NIC portal sothat not a single penny can be concealed from the Govt. The cash transactions should be made zero & nothing less than zero because if cash is allowed even on small scale, black money hoarders would find way out to pile up black money again. Only solution is going 100% digital.

0 0 Dear Sir , a simple method we use in our office when it comes to monitring .
If things are fare so it should be public , when lacks of people will have entire mony transition data so there will not be a single case of miss . Might government is missing henve new notes are being recovered in crores . Its a nigative impact on this amazing drive .
Even SC has questioned central govt.
Plz have double check on banks as now only banks has money .do outsoure their transactions to good brands

0 0 Make use of Computer Technology for manufacturing . If I am travelling in a long distance train or bus or standing in a queue, I can login to a particular manufacturing infra of a company and use my gadget to command and manufacture a product of that company.Labor cost will come down,good use of time, employment generation.Can command and control any computerised machines from anywhere and earn.

0 0 My stones towards you are in the form of building up toilets, providing 24*7 electricity, LPG connection, employment sir.. Let the height of your success stairs reach still higher with my stones sir..you are the hope for us.. Jai hind

1 0 Create an Electronic Hub and invite each and every Electronics engineers of India to become privilege member . Students must join and bring one electronic device available in market to be donated to the Electronics Club of India which shall assist in providing training on the Technology of the product with all details .Say for example, 50000 Electronic engineers join and bring for example 3000 different product which can be used for mass research and their benefit.

1 0 Every factory,distributor,dealer,whole seller and retailer should be assigned space in the NIC platform sothat each and every despatch of any consignment alongwith their value from factory to distributor, distributor to dealer, dealer to whole seller & whole seller to retailer and every sale from any sale point must be recorded online in the NIC portal sothat there is 100% transparency in all business dealings. By doing so, nobody would be able to hide actual turnover & cann't evade taxes.

0 0 Hello Narendra Uncle,
We have to convince Indian people about the below question
Why after 39 days of people are not getting money from ATM & Bank
-Banks & ATM can give you more money but if we have cash on hand we will never see towards Cashless economy. An opportunity to everyone thought about cashless.
-If the ATM & Bank will provide more money. People those have deposited Black money in Jan-Dhan account will get withdrawal in a week and things will back in the same situation
Ravindra

1 0 Putting an expiry date on High Denomenation Currency note will stop from hoarding and getting stocked in lockers and cashboxes .

1 0 School me 8th standerd ke bad sare admission ki processes me card ka istamal ho sakta he aur ye idea her collage me impliment ho sakta he aur ye student ko future me kam aa sakta he or ve online payment mode jaldi accept kar sakte he.

0 0 Sir I have followed almost all of your speeches.. In one speech you will tell criticism is must in democracy but not the accusation without any proof with hidden agenda.. You also said when someone throws stone at you, you will build up stairs with those stones and reach new heights of success... Take up the stones thrown at you by the opposition as building blocks of your stairs sir.. Make our country a Viswa guru once again sir..

0 0 Sir,I support Demonetization & move to curb black money's.also so many defaulters are trapped By IT,IB,police.so it is proved that they've managed to get exchange by some means... So after or before 30 Dec pls put limit on Cash transaction up to Rs.10,000...also make it illegal & offensive to holding a cash above certain limit say Rs.50000 ..it will helps to resolve cash Chaos.
Include school, college students to  spread digital cashlesss movement.
Also device a More secure & easy payment way.

0 0 पहले जो लिखा था उसमे गलती हो गयी है मेरे कहने का मतलब जो इन लोगो का पैसा अपने पास दबा के बैठे है  हजारो करोड़ रुपये

0 0 एक प्रहार जो गरीब किसान मजदूरों को लूटे है

0 0 Ask house owners to report their rent income within 100 days, then give incentive to tenants(Along with right to stay in same property for at least for some duration to ensure that they will not come to street) to disclose owners who are not willing share pan details. Government can easily keep record from PAN.If house owner caught, straightway take over that property and rent it for government revenue.Real estate should not be second income source with no taxes as it is now in many cases.

0 0 Sir happy with what you are doing for India but people are outsmart and usual ways won't work to reduce black money. In real estate sector money is tend to become black because of difference between market price and registered prize . If can auction the registered prize for a fortnight then we will get the actual prize and govt will get actual tax and capital gain tax and less black money making. It's an idea sir ji.

0 0 the most frequent listeners of your program is The Great Indian Army and Soldiers. So I think you Should take a stand and air your voice against those politicians who are politicizing Army Like our CM Smt.Mamata Bannerjee. And Secondly you should spoke up against those bank employees doing black to white for percentage.Third, you should give a thanks giving speech for the common people of india who are supporting you and remembering you that you are not alone or one. Jay hind

0 0 अगर एक प्रहार और हो जाये इन लोगो पर जो गरीब मजदूर किसान और खासकर वो लोग जिनका बेंक मे एकाउंट नही है और जिनका नही था ............नम्बर.9839985590

0 0 Maximum amount of black money is generated in the businesses be small or big due to lack of any monitoring mechanism by the Govt. I have an idea by which the generation of this large black money can be brought to almost zero. The Govt. agency such as NIC can be entrusted by this job. The NIC should act as a centralised data/ information repository and it must be mandatory for all factories, distributor, dealers, whole sellers and retailers to get registered with it (please see my next post)

0 0 Migrant workers deaths .. One Migrant worker from West champaran was working in one of the oil mil for 8000rs per month in raichur sir.. A lorry went over him in night as he was sleeping outside because of poor accommodation facilities provided to him.. After 4 days their parents came from bihar.. We conducted postmortem.. They couldn't take his body back to bihar bcoz they didn't have money.. His brother was ur fan sir.. I asked him about state election.. He said modiji will do good for us..

1 0 Respected PM,
In our country there is lot of Benami account in bank  they help of Bank manger all black money deposit in Bank. Kindly request to you make rule to withdraw money from bank account. account holder physical present with alteat  one ID proof. This id proof attached with bank account

0 0 Sir Unless all INDIANS shall not understand the value of PATRIOTISM your programs shall never. Be  effective

0 0 Now coming death due to fire accidents sir.. You always remember mothers and sisters in your speeches sir.. But these poor mothers and sisters are dying because of kerosene stove burst accidents sir.. Speed up your pradanmantri ujjwala yojana sir.. Save these poor life's sir..

0 0 Dear Sir,
Last month i went Uttar Pradesh district Mau, Chirayakot bazaar, where i ask to people whome they would give vote in next election in UP, most of them are replied Modi / BJP govt is good but they would like to vote for SP/BSP, I asked why? The common answer is that they want to current situation in UP as it is as they got electricity without "METER" (fixed monthly rent) in it they consumed AC, Heater, Gyser, Washing Machine, Fridge, Fan Lights, UPS, all of it 250rs/month/house.

0 0 Sir I can't tell you exactly how many deaths occurring indirectly because of lack of electricity.. I'll tell you one case sir.. A small kid was biten by snake as she was sleeping with their parents outside her home as their was no electricity.. Who has to be blamed for this sir? Speed up your process of providing 24 *7 power supply sir.. All the best sir.. Jai hind

0 0 Builder has delayed the delivery and we have been living in rented apartment, we are paying not only rent but loan to bank,also Builder buyer agreement is only one sided which favors only builder. This all happened due to no presence of law or real estate authority.
We know that this happened due to negligence of UPA party which was full of corrupt people but now what do we do. why not make law and punish these builders. Please save common man.
Thanks
Law abiding Citizen

0 0 Honourable P.M
 Become a youth of this country i want to give education in rural areas but the thing is I have to clear the B.ED exam.Sir is it so necessary if i give education in rural areas i have to pass the B.ED exam first with investing Rs 2 lakh in 2 years.If a person is willing to give education for real purpose he may refuse to give because of this bar.Sir pleaese keep eye on this issue.Thank you.

0 0 I recently visited India NCR area.
I saw a lot of traffic problems because of standing vehicles on roads.
One area where Government can easily remove the vehicles are  near police stations
where there are a lot of vehicles lying either accidents involved or stolen one.
put them in some storage instead of on roads. This is will ease traffic congestion.
Traffic congestion is costing India fuel cost, time wastage and health hazards.

0 0 Because of this demonetization, real estate market has dipped down further. Instead of keeping money . Instead of keeping money in bank, we thought it’s better for our country to bring that money out in market so economy cycle wouldn’t stop but I guess that was our mistake, if we had kept that money in bank, we could have gotten 7 % interest but investing that money in real estate proved us wrong and we lost it completely.

0 0 As we all know we try every year for Olympic games but we could not get sucess as we think amount which we give to some winners which if we expanses for games  training field hten we can prepared many golden players.For olympic and enemployment  we begins this practic from childhood education patern changed and its related to employment then our next generation learn and they will start their own jobs.Education which we takes finally for earning money not for knowledge so its start from begning.

0 0 We support you in your crusade against corruption but if You could have sent jail to those people who are corrupt and big shots that would have been better lesson for common man, anyway we are common
People who work endless hours to support not only our own family but big corrupt people too. Where did Janardan Reddy got 500 crores to spend on his daughter’s wedding, there are endless examples.
Because of this demonetization, real estate market has dipped down, we lost ...why

1 0 Dear Sir,
For effective digitization,Please make a rule to all transaction more than 10,000 rs should be in digital mode or cashless,

0 0 Respected Sir, My views on Black money and demonetization in Hindu Post https://www.hindupost.in/economy/black-money-neighbours-envy-owners-pride/

0 0 for due to shortage of man power in banks for cash transcation so we suggest please depute retired person in banks and RBI .A person retired from bank can handle the RBI jobs as well as due to shortage man power in education can fill with retired person they have good experician and knowledge pay on him on daily basis.If you just say india need your exp they will came forward and share exp in all field like medical,education,banking sector,police.

0 0 Sir I am doing my post graduation in forensic Medicine.. Today we conducted postmortem on 6 year old boy who was hit by an tractor when he was defacating beside the road as he was not having toilet in his home...This is one of the case sir.. We have conducted 4 such cases where the deceased was hit by vehicles when he went out to defecate.. Who is responsible for these deaths sir? Enough of Blame game sir,  you have taken this problem as challenge from red fort, we are with you sir.. Jai hind

0 0 Inspite of the GOI orders the current LPG distributor is pressing on payment by CASH only. Today the refill came but the person did not have card swiping machine nor PAYTM nor agreed to take cheque nor online payment.Spoke to everyone at Agency but no use. They want only cash
This is state of affairs in AHMEDABAD, our resp.Modiji's city and a major city.
What to expect in other smaller towns n villages?
Implementation is equally important as are laws/decisions. In absence its just words.

0 0 Please see attachment

0 0 Dear Sir,
Your govt can do another great service by encouraging students thru incentives [provide credits in competitive exams, Govt jobs], to learn languages of remote states. E.g. students of UP could earn extra credits by passing basic exam of Tamil, Telugu or Malayalam. Will help in better integration. You can evolve policies that bring long term benefits.

0 0 Sir,
While registering I could not find Canada. So I registered as India.
Your Govt has taken several great praiseworthy initiatives and also perused them vigorously.  It will be great if the following are also addressed. I am not sure if these are already planned:
Empower Andaman Islands: by settling en masse retired defense personnel by engaging them in eco friendly activities, creating world class colleges / universities / hospitals, promoting organic farming, harnessing renewable energy

0 0 Modi ji u took bold step and u have believed bank employees but they didn't work honestly!!! So we r with u and will see clean India as soon as possible tank u love u

1 0 ,Honorable MODI SIR, After DeMonetisation Parliament sessions have continuously disrupted by some MPs.  it's high time to take decision on such undisciplined &take strict action against such MPs for they're doing no job except warming the seats.NO WORK NO PAY!! Stop TA/DA for they don't deserve. Mps are meant to representatives of People and discuss their issues in parliament rather playing dirty politics and time passing with their screaming game and political tactics. I know you 'll bold step.

1 1 Kill all traitors in one day that is the only way... Until or unless you can't or the government can't eliminate  the enemies inside the country there is no point of saying Bla Bla Bla.... First clean the nation before going to rebuild otherwise there won't be any use of re building
Kill all terrorists inside the Gail and their families
Eliminate all politicians who support terrorists and their family
Eliminate all  corrupt government servants and their families

1 0 Dear Modiji,
We want all traders to accept digital money . Many eating houses &. traders still are insisting on cash. Can you instruct to create a portal to report against such persons , so that concerned authorities can take prompt action against them ?

0 0 Respected Modiji. Myself SANJAY NATEKAR from KOLHAPUR. I want to suggest a tagline for the Digital India and demonetisation programme.
WHY BE IN LINE WHEN YOU CAN BE ONLINE !

0 0 Steps to promote digital money for future generation ... Details attached

1 0 Sir public want to stop this 2000 rs and 500 rs .so sir please think about this after increasing digital transition you must roll back both note within next two year .make 100 rs note biggest level tendor currency in India .if public go for digital transaction then do not give hope them for 500 or 2000 rs note .after more then 50% digital transaction no one want 500 or 2000 rs note .so sir think about more then digital transaction and roll back big value note in near future.thank you

1 0 Sir,
     With the ever increasing population in India,people must realise the need for wise spending of money, water and other natural resources not only for the coming generations but for the present generation also. Iwill be much obliged if you will include the above theme in your next episode.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir,
Post demonitisation one measure i suggest is to allow money lending only through banks and NBFC's and disallow through any other sources such as small jeweler's as they charge exorbitant interest rates and fleece poor and ignorant people. This move will re-enforce the support of the poor towards BJP, that government cares for the poor and wants to make their lives better. It will be a great service to the poor and increase our vote bank immensely. Best Regards, J M

0 0 dear PM sir banned of currency demonstration is your right& very good decision. but india going to back because our youth generation suffering by reservation on govt. jobs. kindly stop this totally immediately because our talent go to out side of country.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Common man is happy on demonetization but feel bad when some crooks like RBI,govt,bankers,others officials are helping these politicians,businessman,trustees,god-men to convert their black money into white. These guilty people should be dismissed and sent to jail for 7 yrs. Illegal assets and money earned by these people should be acquired by govt. These Betrayer stories should be published in media so that other officers should repeat the same mistakes. Our law should be strict.

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी,
हम क्यों गुलामीको संजोए हुए है...?
अमेरिका,जापान,इंग्लैंड और दुनियाके अधिकतर देश अपनी-अपनी संस्कृतिको संजोए हुए है...।
पर हमारा देश ज्यादातर क्षेत्रका नाम आज भी डाकू-लूटेरों,अन्यायी, अत्याचारियोंके नाम पर क्यों...?
भारत का संबोधन इंडिया से क्यों...?
भारत में भारत विरोधी गतिविधियाँ क्यों...?
कृपया भारत, भारत में भी भारत और विदेशो में भी भारत कहलाने दिया जाए...।
भारत कहने और कहलाने से हमारा देश... वास्तविक रूप से आजाद कहलाएगा...। धन्यवाद ।
वंदे मातरम्, जय हिंद, जय भारत।

0 0 dear sir, we all are proud of you. Now After #Demonetization all money which #govt occupied by corrupt peoples should be go in one account & after that #govt should revealed how much fund they collected in this period. And after that Period all corrupt peoples, who don't support #govt or don't show their black money, our #govt should take suitable action against them. Now this all fund should used on Our Brave soldiers, who are fighting 24*7 without any fair on border. #Jai_Hind

0 0 Dear modi sir by giving discount of 2000 rs in everyone for buying smart phone after user make more than 30 debit transition of more then 100 rs .I have complete idea about this .by this smartphone density as well as digital transaction will increase so many fold .sir every opposition party attracting youth by this scheme providing smart phone in election then why not u .opposition are evil so sir use every step to defeat them we don't want loose you sir .

0 0 Mananiya MODI ji,
 Hinduo pe west bengal me bahot saare attacks ho rahe he aur aap chup kyu he is par?
pls ek danda chalai ye apna ke didi ke vote bank politics khatam ho jaye aur hinduo ko kuch surakshata ka mehasoos ho jaye... please ispe dhyan dijiye sir..

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी,नमस्ते।
मैं सरकारी और गैरसरकारी विद्यालयोंमेंअस्थाई रूपसे पढानेवाला एक बेरोजगार युवक हूँ..जो किसी तरह ग्रेजुएट पूरा किया..।इग्नूसे बी.एड.करने केलिए प्रवेश परीक्षा पास किया और एडमिशन केलिए बुलावा आया था...मैं ₹१७  हजार का ड्रॉफ, ५ साल विद्यालयमें पढानेका अनुभव लेकर गया...पर सिर्फ इस वजहसे मेरा और मेरे जैसे लोगोंका एडमिशन नहीं हुआ कि हमलोग स्थाई सरकारी शिक्षक नहीं थे!
ये कैसा नियम है...?शिक्षक बनने केलिए बी.एड. अनिवार्य है!
और बी.एड. करने केलिए स्थाई होना शिक्षक अनिवार्य है!

0 0 Dear modi sir start quit line movement programme for railway counter where a long line always present .sir Suresh Prabhu ji can start general ticket app where every one can got ticket in home this will end rush and crowd from railway counter.thank you sir

0 0 Dear Modiji, I am a resident of bengaluru. There are lots of garbage getting dumped along the railway line close to residential places. Subsequently these wastes are getting burnt and creating lots of health issues. This is happening everyday. One such place is veerannapalya level crossing to Govindapura level cross. Lots of railway land has become garbage dump yard. If the railway ministry takes possession of this land and build a fence completely / develop a park , it would be great.pl help us

0 0 Demonetisation can be dealt by increasing cash distribution areas other than banks, giving ads so that general public comes to know alternate methods of payment other than cash, introduce barter system in some areas

0 0 Dear modi sir ,there should be program for digitalize our 4 metro city then tech schavy city like Bangalore .if we can set this criteria for metro or developed city with more digitalize city then slowly all indian city will be force towards digitaliztion .other things is  every bank must adopt a vilage to make cashless and provide that branch incentive then we can digitalize our whole India within one year .

0 0 Cleanliness cannot be achieved without imposing fines who make places dirty

1 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी, प्रणाम।
आजकल अधिकतर भारतीयों के पास सही जानकारी न होने की वजह से वे सरकारी, गैरसरकारी संस्थाओं के ठगी के शिकार बनते हैं...
कृपया सरकारी और गैरसरकारी संस्थाओं की कार्य की विषय-सूची का सशुल्क लेखा-जोखा का लिखित विवरण ऑफलाइन और ऑनलाइन उपलब्ध कराए...
जब आम जनता के पास सरकारी और गैरसरकारी संस्थाओं की पूरी जानकारी होगी तब ही भ्रष्टाचार और भ्रष्टाचारियों पर लगाम लगाई जा सकती है... धन्यवाद... ।
वंदे मातरम्, जय हिंद, जय भारत, वंदे भारत, एक देश एक कानून... ।

1 0 Dear sir
  As a common man i am expecting very small things from government.
1.We dont want "Bullet Trains" but We want accident free trains and no late trains.
2.We dont want "Express ways" but we want roads with no damages like no digs and patchups.Connecting every village with roads.
3.We want schools where full staff is avaialable for every subject.We are not able to pay private school fees.
4.Govt. Hospitals with 24 hours functioning.

0 0 #corruption and blackmoney 
I am coming across Viral Whatsapp messages which clearly states how one can convert black money to white by registering a political party. Since there is no transparency about the party funds, their source, many people may try to deposit funds in sum less than 20k for infinite times without interference of any regulatory body.Further the party fund is immuned from taxation and their circulation and utilisation as RTI is not applicable for political party.

0 0 The names of the people who have been found to be in possession of black money after proper scruitny by Income Tax department should be displayed on the website of Ministry of Finance.
Dr Ashok Kumar Raghav

0 0 Dear Sir,I am Dasharath resident of Bengaluru daily face traffic problem in the city. In 2 yrs traffic increase is around 40% and most contributed by ola and Uber taxi's.(more vehicles on narrow roads) Govt authorities should limit registration of taxi's as these contributes to other problems like rash driving by taxi owner to cover trips, pollution etc. Higher CC (Duke250,Yamaha fz etc) motorcycles should not be allowed in cities motorist turn road in racing track and trouble other people.

0 0 Dear Modiji, I have opened a Post office savings account. But the post office bank does not have an IFSC code which makes the transfer of funds from other bank accounts (digital payment) impossible. Whenever I need to deposit money in any of the postal accounts like savings,PPF etc., I need to do it by CASH or cheque. If you could link digitally all the post office banks with other banks, it would be great. This will make us to make payments to postal accounts thru netbanking easily.Thank U.

0 0 Please say something about RAPES in india most importantly in Your Place Delhi & NCR

0 0 Please share your views on DTH portability... a must awaited but no action taken yet are discussing about the same since past 6-7 years but no progress and solution on the same

0 0 My PM, I heard that your government has sold this "no more legal currency" old 500 and 1000 Rs for recycling. Is there a system in place, any check on these old 500 and 1000 Rs notes which are deposited back, that they are not fake currency? Who knows that a few corrupt bank officials are busy accepting the fake currency as genuine old 500 and 1000 Rs notes for exchange, the reason why this figure of deposited old notes is rising so high. Kind regards #MannKiBaat

0 0 Hello Sir,
          I am really proud to have a prime minister like you.
Sir my point is for stoppage of towing services instead to give echallan for the same.
Normally they put clamps in cars and tow the bikes instead if the service is made online will save alot of time and money for both the government and the people.
And there will be stoppage of corruption chances by the officals

0 0 Dear Sir,I am Dasharath resident of Bengaluru want to stop use Infants/children used by Beggers at signals in india.They usually hire/steal an infant of age (4+ to 12) months and put tranquilizer and do begging.Fate of infant is pathetic due to pollution,posture,health etc.Some action must be taken regarding the matter.The above is observed in Gangamma circle near Jalahalli Airforce station Bengaluru.

0 0 Modi ji Please talk in Man ki baat about biggest problem of India POpulation. If population problem is not solved then it will be lot of problem to India

0 0 Aap is bar ki man ki baat mai ek baar jarur bolna ki sabko badlate india ke liye aage ana hi hoga honesty dikhani hi hogi and agar koi bhi officer agar pareshan kar raha hai to uske liye helpline nikalo us pe call karne ko bol na

1 0 #DigitalInclusion Anyone who contributes signification amount of tax but isn't digitally connected should be given a mobile device which runs tariff free network for all government services over a VPN embedded in the mobile, it only runs network for call facilities they should use sim and mobile currency. The cost for this mobile device should be taken out of the same tax money paid by the this person.
Communication is the key to win next election and to get people's mood. #WhyVajpayeeFailed

1 0 For digital india we require best technical staff in banking and special compulsory e solution centre at every branch and for qualified staff you have to change government rules of job like transfer as talented will do government job in same area can make it more productive

0 0 Sir, Mere Dawara 2 Oct 2016 se Swacchta Kanun 2016, lagu kiya gaya he jisme kachra fekne pr jurmana lagega, Iska saath he 15-12-2016 se Mene Project "YAADE" launch kiya he jisme Koi bhi Vyakti Apne Parivar me kisi ke Janamdin ya Kisi ki Mrtu per Uski Yaad me Dustbin, Supadi ya Jhadu Sanstha ko Dan me de Sakta he.Is Project ka Swagat pure Shar me kiya jaa raha he Aur logo ne is karya me Apna shayog dena bhi shuru kar diya he.Sir, Project "YAADE" ko aap MAN KI BAAT Karykram me avsay rakhe.Jai Hind

0 0 Sir,reservations should be abolished.We as general category has very less seats or job opportunities as most of them are reserved.This system was to be abolished long back,but there is still a chance to stop the lower classes having undue advantage of this reservation system.Please help the middle class (general category) people...

0 0 #FamilyPolitics. There are many MPs / MLAs in BJP and other parties, they have been here for long time. Some have done good work some just use BJP's name. There are many young men and women, hardworking not for the party, but for the nation. These people should be nurtured and be given party ticket. The catch is, will they win election? Talk to people, who would they vote for: BJP Party or the local MP/MLA. Good MP/MLAs will be saved, if BJP Party selected is the key to implement this solution.

0 0 Inactive MPs that add dead weight to the BJP.Every MP that is elected is not for bench warming or to get free salary. Recently in news, there are some MPs in BJP who have not contributed to nation other than representing BJP for majority. I Recommend we create posts, that act as secretary for these MPs and encourage them to qualify for the next term to represent BJP through their good work. These secretaries will report the ground situation to directly to PM. #BJPinclusive #BJPaccountable

0 0 SUB: Creaters creat loop holes in abolish interview system.
Respected prime minister sir,
With due respect sir , your step regarding to abolish a interview system for group B, C and D non gazetted posts government institution is remarkable step for those brilliant students that not got jobs on behalf of their knowledge even he/ she tops the exam. No doubt this is a wonderful step taken by your government and appreciated by the everyone except those were making money's from the previous system.

0 0 Dear Modiji, The cyclone in Chennai nearly devastated the livelihood for 2-3 days. But instead of blame game and publicity, the city has sprung to. normalcy at large. In the previous year, the floods took the toll, this year cyclone. Chennaites and selfless corporation workers needs to be appreciated. Also the status of relief measures by central govt.

0 0 Citizen need not invest of a single rupee for the purpose of Digital India like to buy a mobile phone also that why we need update POS Machines into POT Machines for the success of Digital India (Point of Sale vs. Point of Transfer)

0 0 Modi g my students really they are putting hard work by cleaning old temple s public places past three years students following u. But body don't know what these small kids are doing plz they need encourage ment sir

0 0 Modi g my students really they are putting hard work by cleaning old temple s public places past three years students following u. But body don't know what these small kids are doing plz they need encourage ment sir

0 0 It is time to restrict cash transaction beyond a certain limit, say Rs.2000/- and it should be made compulsory for higher transactions to adopt any one of the available several non-cash modes. This will discourage currency hoarding and reduce currency crunch in open market along with many other benefits.

0 0 My vallallar SCOUTstudents now giving aware ness about babool tree all most every where in our village they started cutting the trees near our school

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, मैं ग्राम-महुडर, जिला - सतना, MP का निवासी हूँ।मै गुरुग्राम में एक निजी अस्पताल में कार्यरत हूँ।
सर्वप्रथम आपको बधाई हो। विमुद्रीकरण के ऐतिहासिक निर्णय से आप न केवल भारत अपितु विश्व के सर्वश्रेष्ठ नेता बन गए हैं।
विमुद्रीकरण को सफल केवल digital India से ही बनाया जा सकता है। जिसको गांव के लोग भी अपना रहे हैं।
मैं 7 दिन पहले गांव गया था वहां मैने बस का किराया PAYTM से दिया।

0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister
I am 17 year old class 12 student from surat gujarat.
I am a medical aspirant and also feel that teaching might be a career option for me.
Even though it is the most noble proffession I would not like to become a teacher because of it's very low pay scale and would earn much more as a doctor
I would highly appreciate it if u looked into this matter and help making teaching a sought after proffession in both the public and private institutions
#MannKiBaat

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister
A lot of farmers still have not understood how having a bank account is going to help them. IF you can please highlight on the same and concept of e-shopping of seeds etc and its benefit in long run it will be very useful. Also please let us know how in coming days banking is going to be more accessible to villages where are there no banks. What is the plan to reach villages and by when will this be implemented

0 0 Respected MODI sir.me from small village in tamilnadu.lam scout teacher my scout students are doing#cleanIndia project. Nearly three years. Even a small chocolate cover they will not put down .students are giving many aware ness in many villages to keep the village clean MODI sir but my students when ever in holidays when we go for project and when we return in evening my students used to ask me will Modi sir know about what we are doing ?

0 0 I support demonetization.Will you take action against bank officials who have helped blackmoney converted into white illegaly?Will you provide a tollfree no. for help to those who are being denied from taking cheques or e-pay?I think peoples do need a help line if any shopkeeper denies to take cheques or e-payment.

0 0 Modi Please talk about Population Control the Biggest Problem of India. If you want to improve india as you are doing this is must.

0 0 i dont know english this important massage pleas read it
 ಸಮ್ರಾಟ್ ಅಶೋಕನ ಕಾಲದ ಅಂದಿನ ಭಾರತ ಇಂದು ಚಿದ್ರವಾಗಲು ಮುಖ್ಯ ಕಾರಣ ನಮ್ಮ ಭಾರತದಲ್ಲಿ ಜಾತಿಗಳು ಹಾಗು ಒಗಟ್ಟು ಇಲ್ಲದಿರುವುದು ಮುಖ್ಯ ಕಾರಣ ದಯಮಾಡಿ ನಮ್ಮ ಹಿಂದು ಧರ್ಮದಲ್ಲಿ ಜಾತಿಗಳನ್ನು ತೆಗೆದು ಹಾಕಿ  ನಿಜವಾದ  ಬಡವರನ್ನ್ನ ಗುರುತಿಸಿ ಸರ್ಕಾರದಿಂದ ಸವಲತ್ತು ಕೋಡಿ ಎಲ್ಲಾ ದರ್ಮದಲ್ಲಿರುವಂತೆ ಒಗಟ್ಟು ಹಿಂದು ಧರ್ಮದಲ್ಲಿ  ಬರಬೇಕು ನಮ್ಮ ಧರ್ಮದ ಶ್ರೇಷ್ಟರ (ಬ್ರಾಹ್ಮರು)ಹಾಗು ಇತರರ ಜೋತೆ ಸೇರೆಬೇಕೆಂದರೆ ಎಲ್ಲರಿಗೂ ಅವಕಾಶವಿರಬೇಕು ಇದಕ್ಕೆ ಮಾಂಸಹಾರ ತ್ಯಜಿಸಿದರೆ ಸಾಕೆಂದು ಕಾನೂನು ಮಾಡಬೇಕು ಹಿಂದು ಧರ್ಮಮಾತ್ರ  ಉಳಿಯಬೇಕು

0 0 Sir, I am a member of Vittshala, the financial literacy cell of Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi where we work towards spreading awareness on the importance of the saving & various govt schemes. One of our projects is based in village Basoudi of Sonipat, Haryana where about 400 bank accounts have already been opened in the past one week & we are also working towards installing a micro-ATM in the village to bring banking closer to the people.
www.vittshalasrcc.org #MannKiBaat

0 0 Respected Sir,
INDIA has just won the Junior Hockey World Cup after 15 years, by defeating Belgium by 2-1. I would love if you could describe us as to how encourage our nation into becoming a sporting power, considering the infinite potential our champs possess.
Yours Sincerely,
ANIMESH PANDEY,
An INDIAN

0 0 Sir,
The reason for insisting e-PAN is even the citizens who have already been allotted PAN and by mistake lost their PAN Card are forced to once again reapply for the same and complete all the documentation. With initiation of e-PAN, citizens would just walkin to customer service centres and give their PAN number or personal details and would be able to take a printout. No one insists for original manual PAN Card but the authorities ask for copy of the PAN. Pls promote Digitisation

0 0 Jai Hind Sir,
Sir please take some necessary steps against pakistan,3 more soldiers martyrs in pampore  attack on Saturday,
please follow your promises what you said before election,you said you rebel every soldiers death,please take some steps ..it is our humble request...

0 0 Hello PM Sir. We were needing demobilisation. Now please make some reforms in currency generations. Please don't print too much currency. Internet & mobile banking should not have any transaction charges.
Second thing please connect all data of PAN,Aadhar,Food security card(ration card),passport,driving licence etc.
Third thing is make sure that we should not rely upon other countries or private companies for data storage & processing.
GOI can hire 200 best IT & computer engineers

1 0 India has a lot of students in Engineering and technical field. They can be given an option to do a semester in some rural area to solve any pressing issue in that area. That will give them some practical exposure and can solve rural issues also. Urban municipalities can also give them internship opportunities so that the student can get some ideas on urban issues. Universities can be given the responsibilities to maintain a student-professor team where they can work on such projects.#MyGov

1 0 अादरणीय सर जी मेरी पीडा एवं सुझाव

0 0 Sir,
 As part of Swach Bharat Abhiyan, please make it mandatory for all cities/ towns to include dustbins every 100 meters so that people can throw waste in it. This can go a long way in bringing down waste on roads. Please see if SB Cess/ cess on blackmoney declaration can be used for this.

0 0 Sir,
Please initiate ePAN and stop printing of manual PAN Cards. It is important to have a PAN Number but Manual PAN Cards are consuming money, time and efforts. Let the formalities for new PAN remain the same but once the IT Dept approves the application, then let a email or SMS be sent to citizens mentioning their PAN numbers and in turn they should be able to take printout of the same from any citizen service centre like in the case of e-adhaar or jeevan pramaan certificates.

0 0 Sir,
On issue of queue in Banks and ATM after demonetisation of currency .
Bring to your notice that now days most of salaried persons get  their in hand  salary transferred in their bank account by RTGS by all employer including govt also  therefore person has to stand in queue of bank or  ATM.if we suggest all employers to give 55 % salary of persons by cash in company or office it self with help of banker and transfer remaining to bank account which may help to reduce queue in banks.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, Please come with your idea of funding to political parties, it is really unfortunate that parties can accept benami donation upto Rs. 20000. I don't find it justifiable and must be amended.

0 0 Greetings Sir
I am a 15 year old from Delhi and I'm posting this on 18th December 2016, 2 days after the 4th anniversary of Nirbhaya. A Nirbhaya Fund was announced in the 201 Union budget and as per what I have read on the Internet, it currently has 3,000 crore rupees - lying unused. Sir considering it is a very serious and prominent crime in India, and specially in Delhi where I live, I would request you to address this issue and utilise the Fund for the welfare and safety of women. Thankyou

0 0 Sir, I have Idea to control Black Money and Fake currency by Registration of Currency note serial numbers through SMS/APP. Detailed description is attached as PDF. Please find it.

0 0 5000 main kam karne bale majduron ka 7th pay commision kam lagega. vo apne parivar ka palan poshan kaise kare .or unke vare main kya yojana hain . kya vahi hal hoga jo news paper main ho raha hai .kya sabhi labour commisenr .sc judge , kanoon par paise balon ka hi adhikar hai kya sabhi bike hue hain pm janaab inki bhi sarjical strike hogi ?dard hota hai ek aam aadmi ko ..........

0 0 Sir Ji,
While Demonetarizing kindly plug the all the ways of bulk money earning, like real estate business and exchange of material, also we need a immediate price  standardization country wide and please implement the PROGRESSIVE TAX for the Business peoples. Needs to encourage real formers who works on land to balance the national economy.

0 0 Respected Hon'ble Prime Minister
I want you to speak up for the women empowerment. I am from Punjab and todays number of rapes are increasing very fast.  Please do something about it. There is enough police officers in our country if we want to make women pride of our country.  Boys are standing outside the school and colleges and staring at the girls.  Some drop their studies because they get annoyed from coming out. Please its my humble request to you sir that girls can support our nation.

0 0 महोदय patrkar or non patrkar ke majithiya betan commision ke bare main bhi bole ,,,majithiya niyukti ,betan , compny ke drara shoshan ,transfer ,tarminet ,or murder etc .. ke bare main bhi bataye .cort main case ko 2 year se bhi adhik ho chuka lekin kya hoga kuch pata nahi . ap iske vare main jarur charcha kare

0 0 Dear Prime Minister I appreciate your stand of Demonitization. Common man should be allowed to have atleast Rs 30000 per month withdrawal from bank in small notes. Do not allow any exemptions to any political parties as they have huge currency. Let them pay tax as per new scheme too ( 50%+25% or 85%). you will become a laughing stock in case you allow political parties to go caught free.
Use this money for free medical and education to one and all apart from infra structural facilities.

0 0 Respected Pradhan Mantriji.please arrange to audit by the IT Department the income of Private deemed universities,private professional colleges and Private Matriculation schools to unearth the block money.It is a fact that Politicians and aristocrats hide their block money in the pretext of Trusts and so on.

0 0 Request for Mhow to Khandwa train route section to be close due to conversion from meter guage to broad guage.

0 0 Two thousand notes have exchanged only.It is important to get them withdrawn & get them deposited in Banks. Simple & versatile system is needed for digital payment.Simple & interactive portal is needed for all banks for opening accounts & making changes.It must be PAN & Aadhar enebled.It must be capable to upload all needed information.GST site has such facility.Schools must start teaching digital way of doing work.STEM & knowledge based education must be a part of curriculum.

0 0 My Dear PM,
Your strongest supporter humbly request you to implement EC recommendations on donations to political parties. If you wait for consensus, we will not have this for n ft 100 years. No cash donations to political parties, social or religious institutions. This will put BJP ahead of everyone in the world! Even Us do not have such stringent laws for corruption. Can India do it? Can Modi do it? JAINHIND! #mannkibaat

0 0 DEAR SIR, PLEASE SCRAP OR DISCARD TAX EXCEPTION ACT FOR POLITICAL PARTY FUND  AS PER INCOME TAX ACT 1961. ONE CORRUPTED POLITICIAN CAN DO MONEY LAUNDERING USING INCOME RAX ACT A961. BEST REGARDS, SURESHKUMAR

0 0 नमस्कार, कालाधन को रोकने के लिये आपने जो कदम उठाये है बो सहरानीय है | लोगो को कालाधन से छूटकरा तब मिलेगा जब भारत में पूरितारह से कैशलेस कारोबार होगा | 85% भारतीय के पास एटीएम कार्ड है उसे सिर्फ एटीएम से पैसा निकालने में इस्तिमाल करते है | उन 85% भारतीय को हम दुकान में खरीदारी करने के लिये उस्साहित करसकते है  इसके लिए पहेले हरेक दुकान को POS मशीन पहचाना होगा | ये एक बड़ी चुनोती है सरकार के लिए | ये बैंक के माध्यम से ही अस्स्नी होगी | ये तभी  सम्भब हो पाएगा जब सरकार POS लगाने के लिये दुकानदारो को P

0 0 Sir,
ATM card frauds diminish public confidence in digital payments.
My invention can stop ATM card frauds completely. I have sent it to the RBI on 30/08/2016.
My invention by name, “Application of IICW (Intimation of Intention of Cash Withdrawal) and 2DA (2 Device Approach) To Stop Frauds Using ATM Cards” is published in the Journal of Patent India on 29.09.2016 by patent application no. 201621029502.
Please implement my invention and stop ATM card frauds forever.

0 0 As route from Mhow to Khandwa tgere will be conversion from meter guage to broad guage thus that section need to close.
Kindly look into the matter.

0 0 श्रीमान मैं आज हमारे देश में ज्यादातर ये हो रहा है कि कोई भी सरकारी कर्मचारी रिटायर होने पर उसको पेंशन,एरियर व अन्य लाभ मिलते हैं OR साथ में उन कर्मचारीयों को संविदा नौकरी के तौर पर भी रखा जाता है क्यों न उन जगहों पर नये युवा बेरोजगार वर्ग को मौका दिया जाये जिससे युवा बेरोजगारों को मौका मिलेगा और कुछ बेरोजगारी से भी निपटा जा सकता है । युवा बेरोजगारो गलत आदतों में न पड कर देश कि उन्नति के बारे में सोचने का मौका मिलेगा और देश को आगे बढाने के लिए अग्रसर होगें .

0 0 सर हम पटवारी लोग भूमि से जुड़े होते है कोन प्रॉपर्टी खरीद रहा है कोण फार्महाउस बना रहा है किसने कितनी जमींन खरीदी किसने कितनी जमीं बेचीं हमें सब पता रहता है ।क्योकि पूरा खसरा बी वन हमारे पास होता है पूरा चिट्ठा हमारे पास होता है ।यदि आप लिखित आदेश करे तो हम भ्र्ष्टाचार मुक्त भारत का हम हिस्सा बनने को तैयार है हम सभी दिल से देश के लिए काम करेंगे ।प्रांतीय प्रवक्ता होने के नाते म प्र पटवारी संघ आपकि भ्रष्टाचार मुक्त हिंदुस्तान की मुहीम में आपके साथ कन्धा से कन्धा मिलकर खड़ा है ।धन्यवाद

0 0 You have to address Black Money and Hoarders. The honest tax payer like me give tax as per salary equivalent to a mercdez benz every three year!! and in return we get nothing!! Why not build Zero Income tax India? Let it be free for all for tax. Isn't it amazing that all your effort of demonetization has come to a big Zero? BECAUSE TAX EVADERS AND IMPLEMENTORS ARE HAND IN GLOVE? FOR 6% BLACK MONEY? PLEASE ABOSLISH INCOME TAX. OR TELL SALARY PEOPLE HOW TO EVADE IT. SEE VENUNZULA..GOING SAME WAY.

0 0 सर हम पटवारी लोग भूमि से जुड़े होते है कोन प्रॉपर्टी खरीद रहा है कोण फार्महाउस बना रहा है किसने कितनी जमींन खरीदी किसने कितनी जमीं बेचीं हमें सब पता रहता है ।क्योकि पूरा खसरा बी वन हमारे पास होता है पूरा चिट्ठा हमारे पास होता है ।यदि आप लिखित आदेश करे तो हम भ्र्ष्टाचार मुक्त भारत का हम हिस्सा बनने को तैयार है हम सभी दिल से देश के लिए काम करेंगे ।प्रांतीय प्रवक्ता होने के नाते म प्र पटवारी संघ आपकि भ्रष्टाचार मुक्त हिंदुस्तान की मुहीम में आपके साथ कन्धा से कन्धा मिलकर खड़ा है ।धन्यवाद

0 0 Hello Sir,I really appreciate your demonetization act.But still many people are able to escape from this through different way.One of them are house landlords. They take more money from renters in cash and never pay tax for those amount.This system is there in Bangalore.I also stay in rented house.I told my landlord to take rent through online or by cheque but he is not agreeing on it.There are many renters stay in same building and owner is getting more than 2lakh per month but not paying tax .

0 0 2.All money deposited or donated in Mandir or any religious institutes to be minimum rate of tax.Many persons are doing well meal and some persons so fake glory to donate to NGO and Religious institute.

1 0 Respected sir,
Please restart inland water transport( Cruise and Goods) service. It gave more income for government.
 We want now Cruise ship services in between major coastal cities( chennai to mumbai ,Kolkata to Goa,etc ) .This services gave Income,jobs and also improve Tours and travel.
2.Please look labour welfare department .this department full of corruptions.
Human development must be modified now in our country.
Jai hind sir

0 0 Modi ji, Many times Farmers are unable to recover the expenses incurred as minimum fixed price is not existing for all produces today, Govt has to fix the price considering all expenses incurred. To acheive this need to link labor deployment, seeds, fertilizers untilization, yield and selling data to database via APP or digital portl & data can be used to monitor the expenses in cultivation, rural employment rate, crop yield forecast, loses due to natural calamities, insurance, prices..etc

0 0 Dear sir,
1.I hope you can do .After 08 Nov 2016 that the all money deposited in the a/c of political parties should be taxable.the rebate under IT act should be with drawn through a special ordanance .This is the major loose hole to adjust black money.It also gives big message to honest tax payers and designer leader like kejriwal,Mamata,Maya and Rahul.

0 0 Mr.primeminster sir , I request you 2 please voice abt #urbanejungle where people could come & plant aTree 2 tribute their loved ones,this will create an environment awareness,& people will be emotionally bound 2 care the plants. This could be either in citygardens or along the city paths. This initiative will lead great peoples participation.they will be emotionally connected 2 this,they will care the plant everyday & ultimately will lead great environmental awareness@rajeshshamvabhi

0 0 A GOOD TAXATION POLICY SHOULD HAVE BOTH CARROT AND STICK ,THE STICK IS ALREADY THERE WITH GOVT.CRACKDOWN ON BLACK MONEY BUT THE CITIZENS SHOULD ALSO BE GIVEN SOME MOTIVATION OR INCENTIVE FOR PAYING TAXES HONESTLY . MEDICAL SECURITY OR OLD AGE PENSION BE LINKED TO AMOUNT OF PAYMENT OF TAXES.WHEN PERSONS EARNING CAPACITY IS NOT THERE ,THE NATION MUST LOOK AFTER HIM OR HER AS HE HAS CONTRIBUTED TO NATION BUILDING THROUGH OUT HIS LIFE BY PAYING TAX HONESTLY.THIS MAY REDUCE HOARDING MENTALITY.

0 0 1.एक पुराना सहायक शिक्षक जो व्याख्याता का वेतन ले रहा है ।और व्यख्यात की सभी पात्रता रखता है ।तो उसे प्रमोसन क्यों नहीं किया जाता।जबकि क्रमोन्नति उसे दे देते है। 2. एक एलडीसी बाबू, udc बाबू का वेतन ले रहा है ।तो उसे प्रमोसन करने में क्या परेशानिया है जबकि पात्रता रखता है।3 एक पटवारी, रेवन्यू इंस्पेक्टर व नायब तेहसिदार का वेतन ले रहा है क्रमोन्नति तो मिल गयी पर पदौन्नति नहीं मिली। जबकि सभी योग्यता वो रखता है । ऐसा सभी विभागों में है। यदि हमारी केंद्रीय सरकार यह आदेश करती है कि जिन्हे क्रमोन्नति म

0 0 Respected Sir,
I'm very happy with decision of notebandi. i've faced lots of problem during withdraw cash through ATM, but i'm still happy. One thing i really appreciate about NUUP System. But there is small amendment need to be done on urgent basis, otherwise it will be a big loss for consumer. Please add Aadhar Card scanning verification, so that, we feel safe in case of lost our mobile, other wise any one can reach to your bank account easily.

0 0 Dear,sir
        if LED bulbs are used in school,college,hospital,ps,po,even in every govt.office a huge amount of energy will be saved.

1 0 Respected PM sir,salute you for initiating war against black/ fake money.(1)Some People have opened multiple bank accounts beside account under PMJDY. Please direct the RBI to ask banks to link all accounts with AADHAAR LINKED PAN CARDS to prevent miscreants from deceiving the govt. (2) TO MAKE ALL VILLAGES WI-FI, FAST TRACK THE LINKING OF COMMON SERVICE CENTERS WITH NOFN. IN PUNJAB OPTICAL FIBERS HAVE BEEN LAID FOR LAST ONE YEAR, BUT CSC HAVE NOT BEEN GIVEN CONNECTIVITY WITH NOFN. Regards,

0 0 ग्रामीणजन के लिये पटवारी ग्रामसेवक पंचायत के सचिव शिक्षको की मदद लेकर गांव के किसान व जनता को केसलेस के बारे में समझाया जाये ।में स्वयं पटवारी हु सर ।और शासन हमे यदि लिखित आदेश दे तो हम एक अच्छी भूमिका निभा सकते है। देश को भ्रष्टचार मुक्त बनाने में हम निचले स्तर के कर्मचारी आपके साथ है। हम बिना अदेश के किसी को समझाएँ तो विपक्षी हमें नहीं छोड़ेगे ।पूरा अभियान बनाकर हमे जिम्मेदारी दे हम दिल से इसे पूरा करेंगे ।

0 0 Dear sir.regarding digital india is very bold step.we solely welcome but most of places of city and village not impliment that system. This regard my openion software for cashles be more friendly use and awarness and enforcement. Like if (1)all apps of cashsystem of any bank or company can transfer money each other  mobile apps no this work will be easier.
(2)then all apps company .private.and national bank have to be deployed territory to aware and give system to therespective territory in tim

0 0 परम आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,
संसद के शीतकालीन सत्र के दौरान संसद ना चलने के कारण जनता के अरबों रुपये का नुकसान हुआ है।
अत: आपसे निवेदन है, कि जिन सांसदों के हंगामें के कारण शीतकालीन सत्र में काम नहीं हो सका है , उनको मिलने वाले वेतन व भत्ते की राशि में से नुकसान की भरपाई की जाए।

0 0 dear Pradhan Sevak
i want to take your concern towards the surcharge which is being taken by the e wallet companies while transfering the money back to their accounts,
e:g if a person has to send back money to his/her respective accounts he or she is being charged some 4% aditional surcharge on the amount, plz stop this and also some of the shopkeepers are forcing to pay extra money while purchasing some households items through paytm and other e wallets

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी नमस्ते
देश की प्रगति में सबसे बडी बाधा है जनसँख्या वृद्धि
जिसको रोकने के लिए परिवार नियोजन जैसे उपयो पर करोडो रूपये व्यर्थ में बहा दिए जाते है।
मेरा सुझाव है की लड़कियो को यदि शिक्षित किया जाये तो बहुत ही शीघ्र जनसँख्या विस्फोट से मुक्ति मिलेगी। शिक्षित परिवार  हम दो हमारे दो को अमल करते है ।मगर निम्नवर्गीय परिवार जो बिलकुल अशिक्षित होता है अन्धविश्वासी होते है । उनमे लड़कियो को पढना लिखना गलत मानते है ।उनके लिए करोडो की फंडिंग करो उन पर जितना खर्च कर सकते हो कर

0 0 Mr primeminister sir I also request you 2 please give your voice 2 gogreen@Homelevel.peoples have a tendency 2 get an approval 0f 60%ground coverage but they construct 100% without leaving any greenspace.sir your voice will give inspiration @ individual level.although as per law this is illegible 2 construct in open space,but we need 2 insipe people 2 go by law& Gogreen&goGarden#rajeshshamvabhi

0 0 सर काले धन को ख़त्म करने के लिए सभी जमीन और ज्वेलरी(सोना चांदी) की खरीद के लिए डिजिटल पेमेंट अनिवार्य कर देना चाहिए और गाँव में और अधिक बैंक खोले जाने चाहिए।

0 0 Sir, The root of corruption is "Netas" bureaucrats, Govt officials. Until or unless you uproot this menace the whole scheme will be a failure. Why don't you arrest such Netas who wears Garlands of Notes? Why don't you arrest bureaucrats having crores of unaccounted money? why don't you arrest govt officials having crores of unaccounted money? This whole money belongs to public which has been stolen by these people by defective system of implementation of schemes and development works

1 0 स्वच्छ राजनीती कास्टलेस भारतसे ! भ्रष्टाचारसे मुक्ति केशलेस भारतसे !
एक देश एक कानूनका मतलब सबका साथ सबका विकास और सब जाती, धर्म, प्रांतके लोगो को समान अधिकार !
जाती, धर्म और प्रांत आधारित आरक्षण(कोटा) नाबूदी यानि सच्चा सेक्युलर देश !
आरक्षण का विस्तृत अर्थ मदद होता हे मतलब आर्थिक आधार पर पढाई और दवाई तक सिमित हो ! नहीं की स्कुल दाखला, कॉलेज प्रवेश, नोकरी या प्रमोसन में कोटा/ आरक्षण हो यह सब योग्यता के आधार पर ही देना चाहिए !
PLEASE READ ATTACHED FILE 4 SUGGESTION OR DEMONSTRATION

0 0 Govt should add the details of  ARMY WELFARE FUND BATTLE CASUALTIES account so that all peoples would know about it 
I will transfer an much as possible every month. I belive instead of transferring the money to temples this would help our real god (army).

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री  महोदय आप को डिजिटल भुगतान को बड़ावा देने के लिए धन्यबाद लेकिन आज भी सभी पेट्रोल पम्प सभी सरकारी संष्ठानों में स्वाइप मशीन की सुविधा उपलभ्ध  नही है तो कृपया ऐसा कोई क़ानून बने जिससे ये सुनिश्चित हो की सभी पेट्रोल पम्प और सरकारी जगहो पर स्वाइप मशीन लगाना जरूरी कर दे ।
आज हमारे देश की राजनितिक दल टैक्स नही भरते और टैक्स return भरते है और आम जनता 2,50,000 से ज्यादा पर इनकम टैक्स भर्ती है और  आप ऐसे क़ानून बनाये जिससे राजनैतिक दल भी टैक्स भरे वो उन्हें कहि से भी मिला हो।

0 0 Sir,
Recently I tried to book a rail Ticket from IRCTC while making the payment through net backing I got a message of time out. I got the SMS that amt is debited from my account but Ticket is not book. I am fine with it as i know it will be refunded but when I spoke to banker he said ticket amount will be credit in 5 days but the processing fees (Rs. 11.50)will not be refunded. after all efforts I will have a loss of Rs.11.5. Should we still go online or government is planning something for it

0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, please do ensure that all party fund should collected through cashless/banking means, whether it is below or above 20000/-. Government declaration to spare Political parties from tax on depositing demonetised 500/1000 notes make negative impact among general people, who are stand in favour of demonetisation. Please clear the issue in Man Ki Baat.

0 0 My dear Prime Minister ,
We are proud to be indian , today we all Indians can rise our head with proud  in front of whole world.
My sincere request , We always feel low self esteem in front of developed countries ,Indian primary school system needs a boost , where yound minds are taking shape, Teachers qualification must include Child Physiology for health nurturing and confidence building.  At least one year all students to serve in armed forces to have indianness in our hearts.

0 0 Mr.primeminister sir,i request you 2 convet Aadharsmartcard as the single indicator & record of a person's commercial/academic/social/professional/business/medical/Participatory/innovative/& skill activity. This complete registry should be used 2 provide better & better governance & opportunity.#rajeshshamvabhi

0 0 Respected Sir,
             All sincere people of India are supporting your steps, towards the development of our nation.We the people of India,especially educated youths, wanted changes from long time, like digital India,cashless economy, but there were no leaders to fulfill our dreams.Your aim of ending all ques, are really amazing,because we the educated people frustrated by standing in ques.Tell all educated people to help illiterates to succeed in our mission.
Thanking you sir
Praveen

0 0 Why cannot Post offices appoint Franchisee and Distribute and come out of the remote location to main location and start the parcel services like the Courier shops Digitally it is possible and Government can create an employment of 20000 in Next one year..

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Narendra Modiji,
Would suggest to discuss on clean energy(Solar energy or other forms of energy). Also would request you to initiate clean energy campaign like you have initiated for 'Swatch Bharat', which can help the government to reduce their burden on generating energy from coal and other forms which adds pollution into the society.Also the generation from traditional form is limited due to its availability.

0 0 NPA MANAGEMENT : PLEASE ENGAGE THE SERVICES OF RETIRED BANK OFFICERS TO HELP THEIR BANKING SYSTEM IN THE PROCESS OF RECOVERING NON PERFORMING ASSETS. EVEN LAW QUALIFIED BANK OFFICERS CAN BE BETTER UTILIZED IN THE DISPOSAL OF LAKHS OF MATTERS PENDING BEFORE DRTs AND CIVIL COURTS. GOVERNMENT MUST DEVISE A SUITABLE STRATEGY THROUGH A SCHEME TO ADDRESS THIS ISSUE.

0 0 PLEASE PROVIDE EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR ALL ENROLLED ADVOCATES TO HELP AND CO-ORDINATE FOR DISPOSAL OF PENDING CASES BEFORE VARIOUS COURTS.

0 0 Respected Prime Ministerji, This is an appeal to address the pend-ency of lakhs of cases in thousands of Courts across the country. I put forth my suggestions:
1. A NEW EMPLOYMENT SCHEME FOR UNEMPLOYED AND UNDER EMPLOYED ADVOCATES ENROLLED IN VARIOUS STATE BAR COUNCILS CAN BE ANNOUNCED WHEREIN THEIR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CAN BE OFFICIALLY UTILIZED BY THE JUDICIARY TO FACILITATE THE COURTS FOR SPEEDY DISPOSAL OF CASES. 2.ALL COURTS INCLUDING TRIBUNALS SHOULD BE FULLYCOMPUTERISED

0 0 Please refer the attached text

0 0 प्रधान मंत्री जी मंत्रालयों एवम् सरकारी बिभागो में सैकड़ो पद खाली पड़े है पर इन पदों को भरने के समुचित प्रयास नहीं किये जा रहे।कृप्या निर्देश देकर अगले 6 महीने के अंदर रिक्त पड़े पदों को भरा जाय।

0 0 In this current situation if I am the P M of the country my announcement at the very first day of new year is " from 01-01-2017 all the price rate,salary,rents,interest rate of the country from now forward will half of the exisisting price.ex Dall rate previous 120 now 60.Salary previous Rs 2000now1000,Rent of building previous Rs 1000now 500,interest rate previous .80 now .04"Like this I am going to announce.Because this decision will make use of less cash.not necessary to print more currency..

0 0 Sir,I suggest disposal of vehicles parked in police stations in lacs for 20 years and more are getting vanish in parts or whole.I suggests as and when these vehicles are seized/taken custody,should be disposed thgh auction and money received should be used for really poor and not by caste/creed pending disposal thgh Courts,which are not working properly and deliberately extend dates to benefit advocates and clerks.After judgement,money may be paid to actual beneficiary.Amount involved in lacs cr

1 0 My suggestion is for digital payments. All the fixed shops(which are not on wheels) should be made to keep swipe machine and do all the transactions above 100Rs through cards. All the farm related goods should be sold only cashless and the farmers can buy it using their Kishan credit card/Rupay cards. All the govt. dept should use swipe machines or other digital mode for transactions on bills. All petrol pumps,tolls should be made through cards. All the public transports should have smartcards.

0 0 सर मेरा आपसे एक सवाल है भारत में काफी अवार्डस होते है और जब किसी को अवार्ड दिया जाता है तो उसे देने के लिए किसी गेस्ट या किसी नेता को बुलाते है हमारे भारत में काफी जवान शहीद होते है या कंही फ्लड आ गया आर्मी को बुलाते है बच्चा गिर गया आर्मी को बुलाते है आर्मी भारत के लिए कितना कुछ करतीहै क्या कभी ऐसा हुआ है कि किसी अवार्ड फंक्शन में की शिपाही को अवार्ड्स देने की लिए बुला हूँ गेस्ट के रूप में अगर ऐसा हुआ तो हमारी शिपाही आर्मी को कितना अच्छा लगेगा सर इस टॉपिक पर कुछ बोले धन्यवाद् जयहिन्द

1 0 Dear PM,
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov
Citizens shouldn't be sole contributors in the fight against black money. Lead from the front and make CASHLESS transactions compulsory in funding of BJP.
Thanks
Staunch Supporter

0 0 No app is fully suitable now a days for all state & central fees.Please launch a India app like Paytm and add all features of fee payment,all state electricity bill payment,recharge,all school fee payment,delhi metro card recharge,train book and general purpose shoping.

0 0 My sincere request is to add the slogan as Jai Bhim to the Jai Jawan and Jai Kisan. In the slogan only two pillars of the nation has been honored by living the other big sector i.e. Labourers or shramiks.  Labour  sector includes landless labourers, safai karmacharis, karmacharis in factories, shops, daily wage workers, govt employees in the lower level.  By adding this sector as Jai Bhim is equally honoured as our Constitutional Drafting Committee Chairman Dr.B.R. Ambedkar. Please Sir.

0 0 Sir, my suggestions for digital payments are as follows.
1. Make debit card/credit card transaction free or make it nominal such as Rs.5 for each txn. Since the switching cost is same whether it is a Rs.100 or Rs.100,000 so % wise txn fees in not justified. make charges nominal or completely abolishing on digital payment will make it competitive with  cash payment which is completely free at present.
2. All donations to the political parties to be made compulsory thru bank only

0 0 pradhan mantri jee ham brihat bharat ke sapno ko aap ke netritw me pur ker sakte hai,shif aap ka aadesh chiye baki kam to hamre sena ker lege

0 0 DearPM,demonetisation was a valiant move to curb black money, India s forced opposition to veer their stand,rather it made united opposition divided.They provoke but still many stand with you irrespective of own problems.Many positives are seeing in economy,be it use of epayment/deposits in bank/intensive raids by watchdogs,but it also made financial marginalised people suffer hard.So,I request GoI should distribute money collected from IDS &demonetisation to MSME,Farmers,low income business etc

0 0 Pl made it mandatory that payment to any purchase for more than 15000 shall not be made in cash except medicine

0 0 After demonetization Price rate of goods (items) decreased ok no problem. But after some days the price rate will be increases so what my thought is as the price level go up and down equally the salary rate(govt or non govt),building rents,etc also come down or up.Their must be one standard put,like gas subsidy,petrol rate variation depend to market

0 0 Sir, All your strenuous efforts of demonetisation in bringing back strong Economy is praise worthy.The best results are before every one of us daily. But the grave lacuna still lies with accepting donations by Political parties is hard obstacle in your entire efforts of eliminating the Black money. Since the Black money is the back bone of the Politicians and their parties/IAS-IFS Officers you will not succeed without breaking this cancerous Back bone. Please examine this.

0 0 Sir pharmaceutical companya doctor , or veterinary doctor ko Jo sempal or gift deti hai WO band hona chahiye ye Bhi ek riswat hi hai, is gift or sempal Ke lalach me doctors achi dawa kabhi nhi likhte,
 Or veterinary Sector me dhadale se higher antibiotics ka use janwaro pr ho raha hai WO band hona chahiye

0 0 i like digital india program but some Govt. employee will not follow this step if govt will stop corruption completely then also see the company act 2013 and ISO CERTIFICATION rules because our rules is very low quality in company rules and ISO CERTIFICATION this is very important. If this problem is solve then most of problem regarding black money is completely stop

0 0 Gandhi ji has said "jine ke liye khao, khane ke liyo mat jiyo" 30% population get food only one time or some sleep witout meal. pl appeal the people not to waste the food.I take only two chapatis in lunch instead of three as earlier.  I have also made some of the my friends to reduce at least on chapati from their diet who used to take 6-7 chapatis in lunch.  Similarly if we limit our intake of Dal it will help the poor to get dal-roti. It may also help the govt to check the price of dal & Atta.

0 0 The place i live each and every resturant cash register connected with revenue department.used to happen too much cash business without paying taxes.now no more.
Why
Salaried peson paytax without see money
Small lariwala make 50 lakh a year and consider garib and pay no income tax
Uneven salary structre
Teacher who preapre bhavi nagrik less salary
Police who proctect less salary
Bank gov babu sit in office more salary

0 0 Respected Sir , Mann ki Baat should promote the different schemes , good initiatives of this government like 1)Lucky Grahak Yojana , 2)PMSSY 3)PMMY 4)PMSBY etc. This would be a greate forum sir to speak on these and make ppl all around the country aware of these schemes. 
Also it would be a great idea to stand with those who have stood for so many days in your support for Demonetization scheme.Hope for the best future. Please continue doing great work.
Jai Hind !!!

0 0 Education is the most powerful weapon that you can change the world._Nelson Mandela

0 0 A television advertisement about the operating guidelines of UPI in local languague has to be telecasted every now and then. People in rural areas will learn through the advertisement telecasted. #Mannkibaat

0 0 1) Not only corruption at high places but there is corruption everywhere...from the Sarkari Karmchari i.e., police , passport officers etc to common man. Speak on this, desist ppl frm paying bribes or taking bribes...speak on what is being done to stop middle men from meddling and taking bribes and how government is planning and has planned for making passport applications, Aadhar applications easier and more user friendly so that agents who take bribe can no longer do so and ppl can save money

1 0 Good After Noon sir,
Please find the attachment of new initiative cashless poem.....
if any mistake please forgive me
thank you so much

0 0 Please abolish circle rate regime for real estate purchases. Stamp duty should be determined on the basis of actual market rate.

0 0 I think that any one grievance/complaint given by a common man to the govt and acted by the govt (specially corruption related) should be discussed in short. The particular grievance or action taken should be such that it affects/impacts India's maximum crowd. Thanks. Let's make India better.

1 0 Sir, please ban cash-transaction to purchase real estate, automobiles, jewellery, private education fee and high-end consumer goods. It will significantly reduce demand for cash.

0 0 Read abt Narmada seva yatra.Good initiative.I always feel that while Ganga is greatly revered in our country,Narmada,which is older n praised more highly in d Puranas,is underestimated (esp. from tourism point of view) A few yrs ago I'd composed a poem based on a best-selling Marathi book on Narmada parikrama.I remember PM sharing a similar poem some yrs later in an interview where he'd called himself Ramta Ram.Wud like 2 share my poem with him,esp. as he calls himself a fakir now -

0 0 Sir, all the central govt offices are not required to be situated in Delhi.Please make an assessment which of the GoI offices can be migrated out of Delhi. It will decongest Delhi and more office space can be free for important sectors like national security agencies. Statistical agencies head-quarters,labour, education, sports and many head offices can be migrated out of Delhi.

2 0 Respected P.M Modi sir,
 My suggestion to you was
1 Interrogate all the bank employees who are involved misleading the cash and who changed  black money to white illegally.

0 0 I hope that the new face to india when the GST pass on the april or september in existencr

0 0 Respected Sir,To make our dream of a full digital India. We need to make certain changes is our education system.In our country computer literacy need a boost for this I request you to make COMPUTER a mandatory subject for class 10 board exams .so that students and parents give more importance to computer subject studies which is not the current senario. Computer subject is currently viewed as a side subject of less importance this step will give a major boost to IT literact & digital INDIA

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Modi ji ... people want to be fascinated with stories of accomplishment in various schemes by bureaucrats/organization/common man & also the government awareness of issues still plaguing - Swachh Bharat, Make in India, Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana & Namami Gange. And please recognize the hard work & commitment of bankers in the implementation of demonetization drive. Jai Hind!

1 0 Sir, please make a some provisions to bring transparency in cooperative banks. Stringent KYC norms and corporate governance structure should be implemented there.

0 0 ONLY FARMERS INCOME IS BEING THOUGHT OF AFTER DEMONETISATION...WHAT ABT THE MIDDLE CLASS PROFESSIONALS..HOW WILL THEY SURVIVE..JOB PEOPLE HAVE REGULAR INCOME..BUT PROFESSIONAL DEPEND ON OTHERS & GOVT. POLICIES HAVE NO TAX REBATES & PROPERTY LOANS RELAXATIONS TO FACILITATE MIDDLE CLASS SECTIONS OF SOCIETY WHICH IS THE MAXIMUM AFFECTED DUE TO DEMONETISATION...RICH ARE GETTING MONEY FROM BANKS...WHILE POOR ARE BEING HELPED BY GOVT. NOONE TO SEE CRIES OF THE MIDDLE CLASS WORST HIT-TRADERS, BUSINESS

0 0 Respected sir,In your drive against black money one loop hole is fake BANK accounts created with fake PANCARD issued with fake (photo shopped) documents to convert black money into white. One way to overcome it is to LINK PANCARD NUMBER WITH ADHAAR CARD NUMBER and make a common NATIONAL database for mapping PAN ,ADHAAR,DRIVING LINCENCE NO.  Make adhaar Mandatory for PAN in the years to come. So that one person can't possess multiple PAN CARD.

0 0 This time on mann ki baat we should talk about moments in the world history where people of a country played a decisive role in bringing a change for better future. We have seen how people in India shouted for a war post uri attacks. Everyone then was talking about making sacrifices if a war is waged on pakistan but the hypocrisy of Indians came into picture when they could not bear the pain of demonetisation. This shows that our countrymen lack spine to face a tough decision.

0 0 Why there is no Politician, higher Govt Officer standing in Que for cash? From where they are getting cash? Sr Citizens and poor people do not get cash from banks standing hours in que. Although Govt said that there should be separate que for Seniors Citizens but most of bank branches are not following this. In Paschim Vihar New Delhi atleast all banks are not following this and give cash 2000 to 10000 not 24000 as declared by govt.

0 0 One of the most effective way of changing the lives of the below poverty line people is to fix and enforce a minimum hourly wage to 50 rupee. paying less than 50 rupee for an hour should be illegal. This will stop the exploitation. the profit margin of companies may slightly go down but within few years millions will rise above the BPL mark because these workers are hardworking people. They will get what they deserve by working hard. this will lead to rise in productivity and efficiency as well

0 0 sir, namasata now India is moving towards digital money transfer system, mass number of people entered in direct tax payment system, please announce to reduce all indirect tax that was paid by simple comman man. then only it will motivate more people to support all govt decision against black money and corruption, total tax system wants to change. people of India don't wants to wait for GST. they need new year gift regarding tax reform announcement.
jai hind

0 0 Govt should not exploit poor job seekers by providing jobs on contract bases in various Ministries thru contractors, these poor people get less than half salary of regular employee without any leave, medical and others perks. Out of this they are forced to pay cuts to contractor in cash to get job. This increases corruption. Moreover after serving for 5-12 years in same ministry they are denied when they attain age of 45 and become unemployed, It affects mostly women employees.

0 0 modi is a man with a skill of Muhammed tugluk ...He also follows Muhammed Tugluk and people also Be fool

0 0 rajkot District ke Jetpur sahar mein sabhi ATM kal tak bandh the....aaj do din se sirf SBI hi khula hai ,,,,sare bank mein se aam aadmi sirf 2000 hi nikal sakte hai ............kaha gaye hamare bade bhai modi?????

0 0 Respected PM sir,my warm greetings to you and your council of ministers.my request is the water tank for public use is a conventional and unhygienic for drinking purpose because the washing it between periods develops floral and fauna sediments generating bacteria and thus causes diseases.bottle water manufacturer are strictly instructed to store water in tanks where inside walls are tiles pasted thus these sediments formation is being avoided.please take same care as of water markrting

0 0 poklitical party ko kyoo chhut de di aapne ???kyonki aap sab chor hi ho BJP CONGRESS AKALI BAKALI AIDMK BIDMK RJD BJD SP BSP NA jane kaisi kaisi partiya hai hindustan mein

0 0 1.	Only Banking Transaction Tax (BTT) should be come to picture for Non Cash payments and for cash payments it should have high taxes. Because cashless payments are best medicine for the fake currency, terrorism, bribe and black currency.
2.	Strong Security measurements for the Digital payments.
3.	Boosting up the agriculture sector.
4.	Recovery of all bad bank debts given to industrialists.
All points are given in attached image

0 0 note band..magar bank karmchariyo ne kiya settings.kala dhan sab ho gaya safed ab to bache hai hamare jaise garib aur middle class jo bechare sare din bank ki line mein khade rehte hai aur 2000 milte hai

0 0 PM Ji, 
Considering the impending dangers of global warming, request you to look into planting of trees along lakhs of kilometers of our highways ( especially on the dividers ).  By giving this work to a NGO statewise, or to the agency who is currently maintaining the stretch of the highway, crores of trees can be planted and maintained systematically, thereby improving the environment pollution, reducing carbon footprint and increasing water retention capacity.  Ready to work with Gov.

0 0 There is need to pass bill fixing responsibility of each and every Govt Servant failing which he should be held responsible, this will reduce illegal construction as person responsible to stop it will face action if he does not work, similarly adulteration in food items, registering of FIR and proper investigation will be more fair
Every body knows how corrupt our Politicians are. Why there is no raid on them.You are asking citizens to go cash less, Why political parties should not go cashless

0 0 Sir,I know that you are not supposed to talk on the deaths occurred in the que lines at the banks. the deaths have not occurred due to stampeds or lathi charge or firing. These deaths are natural. however it is true that the banks have not created any facilities. I feel that you can now insist the banks to provide facilities to the customers in all respects.  Many banks have not taken the bold step of demonitisation seriously, thus they have back stabbed the policy. The PM should warn them now.

0 0 People are waiting for toll free number all over the India to inform about people with habit of demanding money or donations over and above normal charges. They can have black money. There is need of confidential ways to inform without disclosure of identity will help in early identification of malicious people collecting or transporting money quickly. Jay Hind

1 0 Sir,You done a marvelous job banning the high value notes, but the corrupt system has forfeited your sole motto to curb the black money. The system is so corrupt that you can not move a single step for goodwill of your people. Your colleagues will leave you alone in this fight against corruption, I am not demoralizing you in this pious purpose, but making aware of the lack of preparation/steps taken by your esteemed group/advisors. There must be some loopholes left willingly.Move with full prep.

1 0 महोदय प्रणाम,
       काले धन का स्थानांतरण बड़ी ही तेजी से हो रहा है बेहतर होता पी एम ओ की निगरानी में एक विशेष कार्य बल , आय कर एवं जाँच एजेंसियों के सहयोग से इस अवैध स्थानांतरण पर अधिकतम नियंत्रण कर पाता तो देश की अर्थव्यवस्था में आशातीत सुधार संभव है।

0 0 Respected Sir.Would like to focus on pollution problems which is increasing day by day and situation will be very worst in 4-5 years if there is purchase of petrol/diesel cars. Currently I am studying in Europe and govt here are already banning diesel cars so why not India at-least take 1 step for it.By making awareness program people will not shift to electric cars & automobile, make it compulsory.Make all public transport electric.Promote companies who are doing electric cars & bikes.

0 0 Sir, Post Office Services, Railway General Tickets needs to be cashless through POS machines.

0 0 नमस्ते सर,
आपने और आपकी सरकार ने नोटबंदी का बहुत अच्छा फैसला लिया है पर कहीं कहीं विशेषकर गांवों में ये ठीक से लागु नही हो पा रहा है साथ ही ग्रामीण क्षेत्र में गफलत भी बहुत हो रही है इस फैसले को लेकर अतः आपसे निवेदन है की स्थानीय स्तर पे इसका प्रॉपर प्रचार कर इसके फायदे बताये जाएँ बहुत सी टीम बनाकर गांवों में भेजी जाएँ जो लोगों को समझा पायें साथ ही नुक्कड़ नाटक और स्थानीय भाषा में किताबों होर्डिंग आदि की सहायता ली जाये..धन्यवाद जय हिन्द

0 0 Apart from the demonetization related issues, i would like to hear about the steps towards reduction of child begging and National optical fiber line.

0 0 Banks can save NPA situations if the address accounts which are sick the way doctors attend patients. But no they let the accounts die by giving a deaf ear to the problems by not reducing ROI even if they see the client is in recession. they should counsel client to reduce limit even if it means release some collateral and allow client to sell and reduce limits. reduce rate of interest so that account does not become NPA.but all they do is a job for their salary. who suffers?customer;country

1 0 Sir, the need of the hour is to demonstrate no one is above law. Municipalities, Utilities, Transport Corporations have to be touched to know who benefitted by tapping into the reserves of money in circulation. The next episode also coincides with Atalji's b'day and such an integrity drive will be a true tribute to him. Infrastructure development needs to be touched upon. Create transaction levy free infrastructure to promote digital transactions. Make Govt transactions digital.

1 0 In digital banking there should not any transaction charges on credit/debit card or NetBanking transaction and also cheque book is not for free and normal charge it should be higher charge so, everybody go for neft/rtgs/imps cheque return charges should be 10%. And what about your declaration about to stop toll tax for phisycal handicapped person in all over India when we ask to any toll both for the same they said we have no notification    from government so,please do something for the same.

1 0 Sir,
1. You are promoting digital transaction. I think instead of indirectly promoting the private companies there should be any government application for e-wallet.
2. Aren't you expecting much from rural areas people in these 50 days that they are depositing their money and they should try to learn digital payment at same time. Before promoting eTransactions you should provide the proper internet facility. What happened of you NOFL project.

1 0 Respected Sir
You and i want to make India uniform in rights and development. Without right education India can't become Best Country In The World. We need uniform education system. First we need to remove meadiums like English meadium, Hindi meadium, Kannada meadium, etc. In local meadiums, fees are less but in English meadium fees are high. For state langauage, can be a different subject and syallabus but like Science, Maths, Accountancy, Economics etc. can be uniformed.
PLEASE IMPORVE IT...

0 0 नमस्ते सर,
हमने देखा है की किसी भी शहर में वृद्दाश्रम अनाथाश्रम बहरी इलाकों में होते हैं जिनसे वो अकेलापन, सुरक्षा की कमी आदि महसूस करते हैं क्यों न इस तरह क सभी आवासों को पुलिस परेड ग्राउंड वाले हिस्सों में शिफ्ट किया जाये ताकि वो आवादी से जुड़ सकें बुजुर्गों को बच्चों का साथ मिल जायेगा और बच्चों को बुजुर्गों का प्यार साथ ही इन परेड वाले हिस्सों को इस तरह विकसित किया जाये की वहां मोर्निंग वाक इवनिंग वाक के लिए आम लोग आ जा सकें पेड़ पोधे लगा सकें साथ ही इन बुजुरगों और बच्चों से मिल सकें ..धन्यवाद

0 0 Sir aap aapki every mann ki bat me kisi ek invincible indian ki story bataiye,isse public bhi invincible indian bnane ke liye inspire hogi..

0 0 Respected sir,
 my request is that if u can arrange streetlightsL on MUMBAI-PUNE OLD HIGHWAY and as well as on  NEW HIGHWAY because at night everyone drives like (BHAGWAAN BHAROSEY) because i travel by this highway and i have observed that there are POTHOLES,SPEED BREAKERS WITHOUT PAINT AND NO SIGNS AT SOME PLACES FOR THEM, AND ALSO NO SIDE GUARDS/PAINTS OF THE ROADS BORDER.. ......WHICH CAN LEAD TO ACCIDENT....
STREET LIGHTS CAN BE NORMAL (OR) SOLAR ONES WILL BE FINE

0 0 Sir, The harsh winter has set in and there are thousands of homeless who need to be addressed and supported. The warmth of at least someone caring may be soothing to them. The need to phase out the Rs 2000 note by withdrawing them and replacing them with lower denomination currency. The levy of transaction fee and the net being credited in respect of deposits through CBS system needs to be addressed. The core ethics of the nation needs to be awakened to get people to wear integrity.

1 0 Sir plese do something for india population
Jis tarah population increase ho rhi hey
Unemployment or garibi dono badegi sir pls can we apply one child policy for 10 or 5 years.... Pls sir ..do something
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 STEPS TO END ATM/BANK QUEUE
STEP 1 - All bank branches (Home branch) sends an SMS/Email to the respective account holder with a particular time slot and day.
STEP 2 - Account holder confirms his availability.
STEP 3 - If available he will reach his/her home bank branch in allotted date and time, hence avoiding queues. (In this visit he can do all the necessary transactions.)
In this way, it will be easy for all. It's like making an appointment with the doctor.
Regards,
Ankush Gambhir

1 0 Sir plese do something for india population
Jis tarah population increase ho rhi hey
Unemployment or garibi dono badegi sir pls can we apply one child policy for 10 or 5 years.... Pls sir ..do something

0 0 agr aap meri baat maane to me aapko ek idea du jis tarh cc tv cemera hr jagah he usi tarh saari dukano me swipe machine hona chahiye Kitni bhi chhoti dukan ho lekin agr swipe machine n ho to us dukan ko bandh kiya jaay
Sirf ek notice dena he or phir bhi swipe machine n lgay to direct arrest vorent niklna chahiye modiji aap meri ye baat maane to India 85% cashless ho jaayega
Thank you

0 0 Jay hind
Dear modi saheb shu aapde aevu kri sakiye k jevi rite bharat ni badhij public pase aadhar card aapi didha 6...aevuj rite aadhar card na number par loko ne cash mali shake ..
Aanathi black money pan bahar aavshe ane ek vyakti ketli var paisa badlava aave 6 a pan jani sakay....
Aadhar card copy sathe lavo ane bank mathi paisa credit or debit karo....
Jay hind...

0 0 Dear modiji,
I would like to attention towards very much pot holes at city roads, municipal roads, state roads and national roads. Which causes damages of vehicles, loss of time and fuel, also occur health problem this is loss to nation. Pot holes not filled properly  or avoid it by mostly local  public representatives as well as respective government authority. I am suggesting please operate NO POTHOLE ABHIYAN.During this ABHIYAN  fix responsibility to gov officer and public rep with penalty.

1 0 Respected Sir,
Main Kya, is desh ki maximum janta chahati hai ki education system ki punarsamiksha ki jaye. Aur isame ek bade badlaw ki jarurat hai. Jaise ki jo ncert ki kuchch books me samprdayik baten- 1984 ka Sikh virodhi danga, 2002 k Gujarat me Muslim virodhi dange etc. hataya jana chahiye. Aur ek tarah ki shiksha vyavastha aur syllabus ki jarurat hai. Puri jimmedari NCERT ko10+2 Tak De diya jana chahiye. Board exams ek hi time me ho. Rajya ko sirf invigilator k vyavastha ka Jimma jai hin

0 0 HON'BLE SIR,
GOOD GOVERNANCE TO SUSTAIN IN POWER FOR LONGER DURATION.  
FIND ATTACHED 6 PDF FILES, DEPICTING HEINOUS ACT OF BAD ELEMENT OF STATE APPARATUS VIOLATING ARTICLE 21 OF CONSTITUTION. 
SENIOR CITIZEN'S HOUSE BEING TURNED INTO PUBLIC TOILET BY PRI LEADER & S.P. KATIHAR
NO ACTION TILL DATE RATHER SHIELDED BY APEX INSTITUTIONS.
STOP & STRONGLY PUNISH THESE BAD ELEMENTS OF STATE APPARATUS TO IMPLEMENT THE MANDATE OF GOOD GOVERNANCE TO SUSTAIN IN POWER FOR LONGER DURATION

1 0 sir,plz u talk to farmer in mann ki baat and make them belive that u and ur government are with them because the market goes down daily like price of onion&potato goes regularly (0.50/1rs. perkg.) i see day by day farmer loose  faith n belive towards government because i also a son of a farmer. mostly farmers say modi is not well and unable to control the situation but plz sir u say them dont be panic we are with u ..........thanku sir ..n lots of blessings nd love from me

0 0 land records and property registration, Conversion of land to NA, Town planning, Ferfar letter and other papers involves black money, first the babus do not guide properly, then the various departments scattered around the city to be visited and when u are unable to get your work done, u ultimately find a middlemen to do the work, which leads to black money generation. This area also needs simplification at state & Central level.
Guided 3 men till now to go cashless & no. will increase.

0 0 Sir,
Thanks for giving us opportunity to share an idea which gives us great sense of being a part great federal system.
I would be thankful if you may speak about illegal encroachment of jungles/forest/govt land. I have seen in Himachal Pradesh that thousands of acres jungles have been converted to farming land and that is to illegally. People are ruining nature for their personal benefits, apple trees are taking place of natural pine trees. Adverse effects my be assumed Sir.
Thanks & Regards

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
"The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators."
By Edward Gibbon
Please continue with your actions against corruption. Attaching my inputs for 25th December "Mann ki Baat" for your kind consideration.
Jai Hind

0 0 #MannKiBaat,Respected Sir,
Due to demonetisation people are standing in long queues for hours in front of banks/ ATMS gates. It is a torture for the public. Imagine a person standing at 30th number, has an urgency of arranging funeral, or admitting ailing old mother but he has to come in queue. The bank manager does not know this as the poor man cannot approach him. To avoid such inhuman character of queue management I am attaching simple method of using a REGISTER

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
I would like you to talk on two very imp subjects,
1)Sanitary which has to reach to all 640 K plus villages in India with the help of all the Govt, Corporate,NGOS and Individual initiatives.We still have a long way to go.
2) The discussion in the country has to move from Demonetization to Remonetization,.But still I see and hear discussion about only demonetization in the news. We feel proud to be part of such reform in the country. #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat

0 0 Honor'able PM i want to highlight the plight of people of north east India here. i want you to include merry xmas greetings to christian brethren of India as whole and Northeast People in particulers. It matters a lot to them.They ever feel neglected in various means when we all about Indianness. I alao request you to include a point assuring them a dignified life all over india whereever they travels/lives in this edition of your monthly man ki bat programme. I m sure and hope you will included

0 0 Jai Hind Jai Bharat
Inquilab Zindabad
Hon'ble Pm Modi ji
You also take decision in future for goodness for India . Over National Flag TIRANGA is on the top with every aspects.
Jai Hind Jai Bharat
Jai KISSAN.

0 0 HIGHLY ADMIRING YOUR BOLD STEP OF DEMONETIZATION, THIS IS TO BRING TO YOUR KIND NOTICE THAT MANY BUSINESS PEOPLE, WHO WERE EARLIER INDULGING NO.2 BUSINESS PRACTICES - SALES WITHOUT BILLS- TO AVOID TAX AND FOR BLACK MONEY, ARE NOW INCREASING PRICES OF COMMODITIES TO GAIN MORE PROFITS AND THEREBY GENERAL PUBLIC ARE BEING EXTRA BURDENED. THUS PUBLIC, WHO ARE DESPERATELY WAITING FOR POSITIVE CHANGES IN YOUR ADMIN, ARE BEING HEAVILY BURDENED DUE TO SUCH PRACTICES. SO, KINDLY ALSO TAKE NECESSARY STEPS

1 0 Introduce rs 200 note. Charge 2-5% cash handling charges on cash withdrawal above Rs 5000 or 10000 on all bank accounts. This will discourage cash transaction and people will move to digital means

0 0 manniya pradhan mantri ji jis prakar aap dwara 500 aur 2000 ke note band kiye gaye jisse black money mein rok lagane hetu kadam uthya gaya hai wah uchit kadam hai isi prakar aap arakshan ko khatam karne ka kasth karien arakshan usi vyakti ko mile jo uske layak ho

2 0 मान्यवर , नोट बंदी के उदे्श्य को फेल करने वाले लोगों और अफसरों के लिए देश द्रोह की सजा का प्रावधान किया जाना चाहिए। उन्होंने सरकार के साथ-साथ 125 करोड जनता के साथ विश्वासघात किया है। लोगों ने खुशी से इस तकलीफ को झेला है कि इसके अच्छे परिणाम आएंगे। लेकिन कुछ देशद्राहियों ने न केवल इसके उद्ेश्यों को विफल करने की कोशिश की है वरन् सरकार और आम जन की भावनाओं से खिलवाड भी किया है। इसके लिए IPC में संशोधन का अध्यादेश लाया जाना चाहिए।

0 0 कृपया पीडीऍफ़ पढ़े

1 0 Please initiate something on lines to eradicate 'Reservations'. This has led to mediocrity instead of meritocracy. It hurts at all levels if undeserved candidates are promoted through various channels in various streams of lives while eligible people are left out. In any case there was supposed to be a time bound phase out of such an initiative. Why can't we atleast initiate a dialogue on this?

2 0 Respected Honorable Prime Minister, One hand we are insisting on cashless economy but not looking towards improving internet infrastructure. The world has gone beyond 4G but our BSNL is still using 528 kbps speed broadband. BSNL's 2/4mbps never received above 1kbps. Once honourable communication minister declared that now BSNL will use minimum BB speed 2mbps. But we are still getting 528 or 1kbps on every plan. Please gear up BSNL to assist cashless economy because it totally depends on internet

0 0 the process of demonetisation is good but its very painful common man. PAN card must be to mandatory each individual like AADHAAR and also its linked with AADHAAR. And also more concentration on govt schools, collages, hospitals to improve infrastrcture and standards. But the politician/corporators get good benefits/facilities but neglecting these sectors.
Reservations/Ration cards/Subsidies must be remove those family income in a year Rs.5 lakh and above.

0 0 मायावती ने जिन लोगो से ३- से लेकर ५ करोड़ में टिकिट दिया था उनको ,उनका पैसा पुराने नोटों में १. ५ टाइम देकर कहा है कि वह अब डेढ़ गुना पैसा बैंक में उनकी पार्टी के नाम जमा कराये , ऐसा खबर यू पी में खबरी लाल जी बता रहे है।  
अब कैश इन दो जगहों पर नहीं चलेगा यह फैसला तुरंत लेना होगा जिससे पब्लिक के पास पैसा जाए न कि कुछ लोगो के पास चुनाव के समय के लिए इक्कठा हो जाए।
यह कैश की मारामारी कुछ स्वार्थी लोगो की वजह से है जो रैलियों में भीड़ इक्कठा करते का धंधा करते है ,

0 0 Contd..(5) regarding blck money, the higher authority needs to be refined. Most blck money turning 2 white money r done by higher authorities. There's should b screening of ppls in dose post. Evn CBI needs to b refined. Do this immediately. Check on politicians too like mamata Banerjee.

0 0 In coming months schools and colleges will be going thorugh new admission please ensure a system that all school and colleges will take fees through cash less transactions. It will impact on donation system in school and colleges.

0 0 जो पैसा कैश लोगो को मिलना था वह यहाँ जमा हो रहा है , देखिये ये लोग बैंको में कॅश की जगह पर चेक भर रहे है फिर कैश सेल का पैसा कहाँ जा रहा है , क्यों नहीं बैंको में वापिस जा रहा है , किसके चेक ये जमा कर रहे है और किसको चेक के बदले कैश दे रहे है ? बड़े रसूख दार लोग चेक देकर इन जगहों से कैश जमाकर कर रहे है , क्यों नहीं कैशलेस यहाँ से स्ट्रार्ट किया जाए ?

0 0 ऐसा नहीं है कि खेतो में बीज डाल दिया और हो गयी खेती , समयानुसार देखभाल करनी होती है ऐसा ही नॉट बंदी के बाद हुआ जैसे खेती में कीड़े लगने पर दवा का छिड़काव करते है वैसे ही समय समय पर आपको भी बदलाव करना पड़ा।  यह हम जानते है , अगर नोट बंदी को मोदी जी सफल बनांना चाहते है तुरंत प्रभाव से पेट्रोल पंप और शराब की दूकान पर कैशलेस बिक्री का आदेश दे।  जब से नोट बंदी हुई उसके ३ दिन बाद से यहाँ की बिक्री में इजाफा हुआ है।  जो पैसा कैश लोगो को मिलना था वह यहाँ जमा हो रहा है ,

0 0 Contd..(3) I've been in support of ur #demonitisation since d n8 u hv announced bt last day that party fund. Its not done. Everyone should be under same laws. (4)*99# the mobile app,its complete English. Only quarter of population is well versed with English language. How will others do? Evn I've ppl in my town who ask me what's the message Dey got n mobile. Dere shud b camps fixed at diff. Area where ppl vl teach others do it. And also call 4 interestd ppl 2 join the campaign & help others...

0 0 R/s PM. Please talk about why it is not possible to put all political parties under RTI. Why assembly can't work. It is not only opposition but ruling party also was not ready for discussion. Prime responsibility to run house is of bjp. Discussion debate can under any rule and PM present was not much asked by opposite party? Why cant PM members of Parliament cant be at house during entire debate? He can take historical decission and cant even represents?

0 0 Respected Honorable Prime Minister,
I would like to bring to your kind attention that we are unable to send complaint or request on My Gov site. 
Please look in to the matter.
I request you to arrange to look in to the matter.
Regards

0 0 Contd..(2) Aadhaar machines r filthy at least in Bengal. My fingerprints r nt coming due to eczema. Entrance board made it mandatory. Then how will I give? There cn b mny such. So dose who dnf get fingerprints will nt be able to enjoy what nrmal ppl do? And moreover fingerprints do change in course of life. It's nt a reliable source of identification.

0 0 Due to Job, study etc many of us living away from home, can not Vote in election.
By using AADHAAR NUMBER & FINGER SCANNER one can be allowed to cast his vote from place away from home.
It will enable Service persons, Engineering students, Police, Military etc to participate in the election

0 0 Respected Honorable Prime Minister,
I would like to bring to your kind attention that since last one year server of our Railway become very poor. We are unable to book or search tickets in one, two or three slots. Some times it takes 30 minutes also. I am very disappointed. 
You are very keen on digital India but without increasing power of our Govt. sites how it is possible.
I request you to arrange to look in to the matter.
Regards

0 0 Congratulations 4 d bold steps. I would like to suggest that (1)reservation 4 backward class-Actual SC/ST dnt get the opportunity & moreover if 1 gets job and earn more then nxt gen shudnt use the same. Dey r no more backward class. Reservation shud be gvn 2 one member only. And remove reservation 4m sensitive fields like meds. Due to reservation unworthy ppl gets chance and cause sufferings. Ppl shud be asked to come forward & themselves untag themselves as backward who earns handsome already.

0 0 Dear sir,
Need attention of Labor Ministry to implement the minimum wages act for the Agencies which employ guards in Offices, Housing societies and even in Govt sectors (on contracts). This is large sector which supplies the labour but they are not following the minimum wages act. These Agencies get 10K-15K from clients but only pass 6K-7K to their Employees (Guards). They are paying in cash to avoid any tracking. Please have attention to address this issue.

0 0 51A.Fundamental duties -It shall be the duty of every citizen of India(d) to defend the country and render national service when called upon to do so.Accordingly citizens can be requested to voluntarily educate people on digital cash transactions & other 51A duties and for each transactions facilitated,points can be allotted under their Aadhar ID in a National Service Card,the total points earned can be given considered to give priority in jobs,promotion,railway tickets and govt schemes to all

0 0 और उस नवनियुक्त व्यक्ति को बैंक ब्रांच के पूरे क्षेत्र के दुकानदारों को आधार आधारित भुगतान मशीन उपलब्ध कराने के काम में लगा सकते हैं।
एक कदम से लाखों युवाओं को रोजगार भी मिल जायेगा और डिजिटल ग्रामीण भारत का निर्माण भी हो जायेगा।
अब अगर बैंक वाले इस कार्य में असमर्थ हो, तो फिर आजकल हर गांव में भरतीय जीवन बीमा एवं अन्य बीमा कंपनियों के अभिकर्ता मौजूद हैं, उन्हें ये काम कमीशन बेस पर सौप दिया जाये तो और जल्दी से ये काम पूरा हो सकता है।
धन्यवाद।

0 0 जिस प्रकार जनधन खाते खुलवाने के लिए वार्डवाइस या क्षेत्र अनुसार वहाँ की बैंक ब्रांच को जिम्मेदारी दी गयी थी, उसी प्रकार, दुकानों पर मशीनें उपलब्ध कराने के लिए बैंकों को जिम्मेदारी दी जा सकती।
बैंकों पर पहले से ही काम के बोझ को देखते हुए इसमें एक रास्ता और भी है, बैंक वाले, दुकानदारों को मशीने उपलब्ध करवाने और उन्हें शुरूआती ट्रेनिंग देने के लिए अलग से एक नयी नियुक्ति संविदा या कमीशन के आधार पर कर सकते हैं।

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,
ग्रामीण भारत को डिजिटल भुगतान व्यवस्था से जोडनें के लिये दो कार्य एक साथ शुरू करने की आवश्यकता है।
1. किसानों को अपने सभी कृषि उत्पादों का भुगतान सीधे उनके बैंक खाते में मिले, इसके लिए सभी कृषि मंडियों में व्यापारियों द्वारा डिजिटल भुगतान अनिवार्य कर दिया जाये।
2. ग्रामीण क्षेत्रों में छोटे बड़े सभी दुकानदारो आदि के यहाँ आधार कार्ड आधारित भुगतान के लिए मशीन उपलब्ध करवाई जाए।

0 0 Everyone in finance ministry, revenue department and CBDT is aware of the biggest money laundering instrument - agricultural income. There are 2300 cases with more than Rs 1 cr as agricultural income which attracts zero tax. In July a specific proposal was made to tax this income. And this wasn't first such proposal. Why can't this be done in order to curb black money

0 0 Sir I congratulate the govt for the decision of demonetization.
But sir i think that u should speak on the bureaucracy role in all this.I am preparing for the civil service examinations but it is the corrupt image of the bureaucracy that makes me think of it.Sir from last couple of days i couldn't even got to sleep well.I am very desperate about joining the civil service and i know you will definitely guide me in all these like my teacher.
Thank you sir

0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री महोदय जी ,
हम युवा हैं और एक शासकीय कर्मचारी हैं  और मेरे जैसे बहुत से मेरे मित्र भी सरकारी नौकरी कर रहें हैं तो हम लोगों को भी सेवानिर्वित्ती के बाद पेंसन योजना का लाभ मिलना चाहियें जिससे हम लोगों का जीवन उज्ज्बल हो सके l
                    पुष्पेन्द्र गर्ग

1 0 Dear sir
My self Harsha Halli, have Swadeshi Mart of Ayurvedic, Organic, Handicrafts and Khadi.in Lakshmeshwar-582116 Karnataka.
Sir please give any support for Swadeshi products manufacturing, marketing and export. Then automatically our Make in INDIA dream come true.
Thanking you sir
Jai Baarat mata

0 0 Sir I have attached my suggestion

0 0 controls on demonetization should be eased carefully. you cannot just remove them all in a sudden. Just see how the pilot recovers the plane after losing it's control. easing Controls suddenly is playing the mathematical game in the wrong way. you will probably catch much bigger fishes as you strategically ease controls on demonetization.

0 0 Respected sir,You requested students to participate in educating Indians on Cash Less transactions.Please announce  additional 100 mark under new subject for one time for participation in Digital India,educating for cashless transactions within 31/3/2017.As Participation to Issues of national interest is Citizens Duty under Constitution.Marks be added to central/state govt exams like CBSE/NIOS/ITI/UGC/AICTE funded Institutions and also for all govt/bank/PSU recruitment tests to become less cash

0 0 Will a special satellite watching each and every inch of ground movement/laser watching the road ahead for our soldiers traveling to and fro; will such a tech help in reducing to casualties in the guerilla warfare launched by militants in kashmir.

0 0 Sir, to avoid long queues at ATMs and banks I suggest for installation of swiping machines in all post offices which is a common visiting place for all class of people with provision to withdraw all bank account holders. This was earlier introduced by our present Secretary Dept of Posts experimentally in combined AP & Telangana. This will definitely ease out the present money withdrawal tensions. A vast net work with 1.55 lake post offices are ready to serve the nation. Radhakrishna P, SRM HYD

0 0 please finish all duties tax etc on bicycle and cycle riksha .and do not allow motor cycles etc upto 12 th sdanderds in colleges just you have done on  swap machine (green card machine)

1 0 we require amazing search technology to fight guerilla warfare infested in kashmir. So many soldiers lost while traveling to and fro is poor execution/ nothing seems to be learnt.

0 0 The step of cashless economy proposes a great challenge in educating the general public about the digital methods of using their money along with being informed about the hazards that can happen due to ignorance of certain guidelines. Though people are helping each other in their individual capacities yet to maximize the impact setting up of education camps across cities shall be more beneficial in the transition of a less cash economy in future. #MannKiBaat

0 0 MODIJI IS VERY SIMPLE AND HONEST GUY?EVEN HE DONT KNWO WHAT HAPEENING IN HIS OFFICE?SEBI WAALE ,SECY DEA ,FM KOI BHI INHE BEWKOOF BANA SAKTA HAIN?mODIJI aRUNJAITELY JI LAWYER AUR AB ACCOUNTS EXPERT BHI HAIN?pMLA LAW,IT ACT SAARE ACT KI DHAHJIYA AAPNE UDA DI?AUR PUBLIC KO AAP CHOR BOL RAHE HO?AAPKA PMO CLEAN CHIT DE RAHA HAIN NSE AUR ICICIBANK AUR ICICISECURITIES KO?SIR PEHLE TO AAPKO APNE GHAR KO SAAF KARNA CHAHIYE?KVKAMTH KE PAAP TO AAP KHUD GINA RAHE HO?YE TO ICICIBANK PURE BLACK MONEY PE KHAD

0 0 Steps needed to be taken up to remove the monetary difficulties faced by poor people due to demonetisation; ordinary people are worst hit by the move in fact.

0 0 Demonetization had a very good impact on all the black money holders. But on one hand it has made a sleepiness night for corrupt people on other hand small vendor are scared to acceptdigitalization. Due to price discrimination between the vendors as one is registered dealer will have to pay high tax and the other will not bear same tax burden. And also cyber crime as people say someone had withdawl there amount without there knowledge, inspector raj, harrasment from tax authorities.

0 0 Sir we don't want big policies and big schemes, just provide us small basic facilities. Though swachh bharat mission is there bt citie's waste dumping places are just like they were before. schemes for sanitation, clean cities, good roads etc. are there bt we see nothing is changing. I can send many waste dumping sites picture from my town(also from other towns). We just want to see small changes happening around us. Our trust on gov wil raise with every small change at town. #mygov #MannKiBaat

0 0 plz provide more & more employments so none of people have time to participate in such lawless activities & plz take strong step as 2 compulsery cashless transection as i prefer the cashless society as there is no worry of heavy cash or robbery & our money is fully secured in banks so, start a campaign that HOW   DO CASHLESS TRANSECTION..bcz people R not able 2 understand 2 do it .4 it take a contribution of BJP YOUTH WORKERS bcz our young generation have more knowledge of e-banking than us

0 0 Respected sir,
              apka notbandhi ka decision tarif ke kabil ha. notbandhi ke karn pta nahi bade vypariyo (business tycons) par ya kale dhan kubero par asar hua ha ya nahi. lakin jo chhote chhote dukan dar ha unka business to bilkul ruk gya ha. agar unho ne bank se loan liya ha veh repayment bandh ho gya ha. agar finacer se paise liye ha veh bhi repayment bandh.
indian goverment banks to pehle hi NPA ki maar se nikal nahi rahe ha is se NPA or badega or unemployment badegi.

0 0 In view of demonetisation and our movement towards cash less society, you should insist all bank to start new department focusing only on pronoting cash less option to rural area peoples.
Also to promote cash less transactions plsease force all state government to use payment method of cash less.  Like all taxes, traffic police, fertilizer distrubuter, government dairy,  state transport etc.

0 0 IDEAS FOR TAX REFORMS & FINANCIAL INCLUSION (SEE ATTACH)

0 0 Demonetization was great move however due to few corrupt bank cash issue is still not resolved,Please ask all the banks to share all the cash transaction on daily basis to which a/c how much cash was issued of provided cash to bank for general mass especially for new currencies.

0 0 This could be made a movement such as Swachh Bharat .Feed poor child.My grandmother used to say..Annpurna Devi ko kabhi naraz nahi karna chaiye.Jaha Annpurna mata naraz hoti hai waha vikas nahi hota.App is masle per kooch karo

0 0 We can have dedicated call center to register complaints. People can get in touch with it via email, fax, call, messages etc. All complaints are logged. We can have agents of all languages man the phone lines. This will also increase jobs. Then we can generate reports, hold officials accountable etc. Any update regarding the complaint can be shared with the person who raised it. This should be under direct supervion of PMO.

1 0 WHY PAN NO. & ITR FILING NOT NECESSARY FOR ALL IN INDIA?
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/Just-1-of-pop...﻿

0 0 Dear Sir,
I want to place on record my appreciation for the government for various steps/measures that will directly impact each one of us. I know  theres a long way to go. I wanted to give a suggestion - I watch on TV parliamentary proceedings with great interest. The members read out from papers and most of the time i see them reading out from papers printed on one side. I think it is important that they should use both sides or better still go digital and only use papers only when needed.

0 0 Feed poor children. Sir do you know whenever the food is prepared in mass functions such as marriage and especially hotels .They throw the food in night resulting in wastage of food which can be used feed poor child.Poor needs bit support for food ,and after that some rozgar.So that they could save money to improve standard. Govt should made rules ,that whatever foods is left out in hotels in night ,should be distributed at ranbaseras and Poor's.hoteliers say that  times poor do mischief also

0 0 dEAR sIR,
APNE DOST KV KAMTH,SECYDEA AUR SEBI CHAIRMAN AUR FMMINSITER KA KYA KAROGE?ALL INFORMATION IS OF YOUR GOVT.?I AM CHALLENGING YOU YOUR FIANCE MINSTER IS FRAUD?COME I PROVE OPEN CHALLENGE?

0 0 After Demonetization black money holder is in great panic, where our few banks is helping them to make that white with different types of fraud sources like fake a/c opens, on the other hand general people is still struggling for cash.It is request to sealed all the new (fake) a/c s which was opened after 8 Nov 16 where transaction or deposit is done in huge amount.Again I thing corruption is also done from the money print end so needs to put strong check on that area as well.

0 0 R/Sir kindly do better for those agricultural professional(b.sc.ag,m.sc.ag)who is involved in production of biofertilizer/biopesticides/pesticides. the liscensing process it should be easily available for those who is basically from ag backgroung.there should be special qouta for them.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am a student. There are crores of Indian citizens travelling in trains everyday and carrying out transactions in trains. In moving towards digital and cashless India, I request you to make all payments in trains too digital. Cards or other digital methods should be used for paying for food/water/beverages/snacks sold by Indian Railways in trains.
Similarly digital methods of payment must also be made in toll gates all over India.
Please take care of you health Sir.

0 0 that team will directly report you.find corruption and do justice thereafter.please rectify defect in the system.public will already supporting you

0 0 Dear PM sir,
I am little boy. May be my concept is not remarkable. But can change the youth problem if applied. 
Youth need money for business or job.This two word is the big problem.If youth get this loan easily then there will be sourced for job. Plz look at this point whr youth can get the loan amount easily. 
Bank not co-operate every where.If bank need reference for the loan then why we at door of the bank. Bank should have a department to watch these portion. 
Thanks in advance

0 0 Please give  substantial tax rebates in 2017 budget for solar power units,electric cars etc and additional pollution tax on all petrol/diesel vehicles and give notice to two wheeler/Car manufacturers to shift to electric/dual mode within 3 years, or inform they will be subjected to 100% tax from 3rd year onwards,change to solar/electric powered vehicles will reduce our oil imports and reduce pollution and meet our commitment made in Paris summit, if India doesnot act now, will be too late later

0 0 We already knew how infections are transferred due to dirty and torn paper notes. People also put tapes to protect the notes from getting torn apart which nobody accepts, so when we were launching the new currency we should have considered launching plastic notes to eradicate all these problems and moreover Pakistan won't be able to fake it so easily as it does now.

0 0 Respected sir
  i strongly support your ways of working regarding black money but sir it very important to make effective officials working behind sir you must beknowing every where corruption is being seen i think your openion of cashless economy is really appreciable. sir we request you to prefer all offices of state and central government it should be fullfleshed with cctv cameras and there must be a separate department of high qualified fresh technocat just similar to military(total honest.

0 0 Sir, we are in support of policies and decision which u have made. But I request u to do the same thing at grass root level. Though the Government has changed but nothing has changed around us. People will be happy to see even small changes around them like good roads, sanitation, clean areas etc.
Very good schemes about all these have come but not 1% of situation has changed. May be on paper things might have improved but not at ground level. We just  want basic facilities. #mygov #MannkiBaat

0 0 Sir,Please provide agency for cashless transaction centre to all unemployed persons,retired bankers,government&non government staff and space at central govt/state govt offices/post offices/Railway stations/Hospitals/Bus stand/Airport/Market/Malls, also allow such agencies to run from homes across India,especially rural areas.Make right to pay by cash less transaction fundamental right in government office/educational institutions/hospitals/revenue dept etc.Allow commissionof Rs 5-10 perTransfer

0 0 Dear Modiji, Myself, like millions of common people, do trust & support you. While we are confident that whatever you do, is for the betterment of this nation, please educate people from your side on the issues which some use as a political weapon. For eg Sec.13A of income tax related to cash deposits of political parties. There is nothing else for people than hearing from you. Any misguidance by opposition will be overruled by your single statement. please do it. Bharat mata ki jai.Vandemataram

1 0 To Ban Polythene Strictly.
      Polythene is a root cause of pollution and trouble part in development of initiating Swacha Bharat Mission. Polythene is not good for any person, animal or thing; it only has a negative impact on every being. Now a days the holy Cow eats the polythene and they die it takes lot of years to get dissolve. We humans are greedy have no respect of other beings.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I have heard from relatives staying abroad that they are not aware of what to do with their old INR 500 and 1000 notes. Did we consider how to help NRIs in this regard ? Even SBI NRI branches are declining to help.

2 0 #MannKiBaat #AIR
Honble PM of India Shri NaMo Ji
One most important suggestion on eliciting information on Black Money.
Revenue Secretary Husmukha Adhia Ji announced email for Black Money information blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.in
But people are afraid to send emails for security reasons of their Identity.
I suggest you to please setup Call Centres in all 29 States in Regional Language for getting tips on BlackMoney across the Nation.Also One Common Call Center at PMO with Auto Record.

1 0 https://www.quora.com/Why-has-India-not-implemented-a-flat-tax-rate-syst...
http://www.news18.com/news/politics/bjps-proposal-can-income-tax-be-real...
TAX REFORMS REQUIRED IN INDIA...

1 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p93hMEFiQZI

1 0 WHY deposits in bank accounts of political parties are not to be taxed?
WHEN MAXIMUM BLACK MONEY IS WITH POLITICIANS..
WHY IS GOVT. BIASED??????
https://plus.google.com/112297358288507596674/posts/b8tbD4wFyup?_utm_sou...

1 0 AXIS BANK LICENSE BE CANCELLED FOR FRAUDS DONE...
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/noida/it-department-recovers-rs-...

1 0 WHY LOAN ROI NOT REDUCED POST DEMONETISATION??
http://www.dailyo.in/business/demonetisation-rbi-repo-rate-cut-cheaper-l...

1 0 WHY PAN NO. & ITR FILING NOT NECESSARY FOR ALL IN INDIA?http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/Just-1-of-pop...

0 0 I wish you address the issue of new currencies availability to common man, more so prevent money going to big fish. People are with you in your effort to eradicate black money etc. But if the circulation of legal tender become more and more uneven, this may become counter productive, cwhich is what required by all opposition parties.
Also please withdraw the exemption u/ s 13A of Income tax act, allowing donations up to rs. 20000-to recognized political parties.

0 0 Sir,
Please do implement the below blog conept anytime anywhere any office, ministry
www.e-ticketmachine.blogspot.com

0 0 Sir, The problem now on paying money Digitally is Cost of Conversion. Instruments (Mobile,POS,Power & Network) lead the Digital transactions Costlier. Govt can enable free wifi everywhere at the cost of printing Notes. And ensuring and enabling Aadhar based Instruments(POS)to make all financial transactions hassel free and little cost free.

0 0 Hi Sir, I support & I am proud of all the Initiatives taken by you and your team at National as well as on International Platforms. One Initiative which is very personally very close my heart is SWACHH BHARAT. Sir I have an Idea on SWACHH BHARAT which I wish to implement but I do not have the bandwidth and financial strength to complete this mission.
Sir if I could get some support from you.I would also play a part in changing our nation and giving our nation what it deserves.Will await revert

0 0 Sir, my village road picture in below Which is establish in Bihar state.
Sir,in my village never made any type of road.so requested you make smart village also.
At+po-Dhanauja.
Via-Phulparas.
District-Madhubani.
Pin-847409.(Bihar)

0 0 Please change configurations in the ATM's across country to make several cash less transactions such as taking railway,bus,air ticket,electricity,water,tax,school fees,payment to all type of vendors,RTGS,all types of government fee/tax transactions,cash transfers between persons,companies, firms etc,DD issue and all other transactions we want to convert to less cash transactions.ATM will become PTM,payment transaction machine.Cash withdrawl limit be kept @ 2000/day to encourage less cash economy

0 0 our beloved and most respected PM Modiji,
this is admission time of children in various schools.in the name of quality children and their are mentally tortured by putting them for interview by private/missionary schools.later on admission are denied. and parents are forced to opt backdoor donation entries.
regarding this some law should be enforced on all private/missionary schools.
s

0 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi,
Sir, Good afternoon ! Are there any plans to increase the Billing cycle in the banks for Credit Cards / loans...also pls to advice how the loans will be disbursed to the public so the resources can be utilised at the maximum level...almost we had so much of money being deposited by our Citizens in the bank... so its the right time that we had to think of sanctioning loans to the public...especially for Indians, also advice some good teachings too !

0 0 Please delete section 13A of the Income Tax act which is currently providing income tax exemption to registered political parties.Also delete Section 12A and 80G of the Income Tax giving tax exemptions to Trusts.Without taking bold measures on the above mentioned in 2017 budget.Current situation not expected to improve in India, even with demonitisation.Only our Honourable&Respected Prime Minister can take such bold measures, if such measures are not taken now,future is not bright for Indians

0 0 Namste sir..
Meri gujaris hai ki ground level pe bhrstachar khtm krne ke liye ... Ek tez aur kargar shikayat system bnaya jaye...kyuki niche ka pura system hi khrab hai aise me koi shikayat nhi sunta....agr koi fast system ho sikayat darj krane ka to achha hoga...
Koi digital tareeka....

0 0 Sir. I'm a citizen of our country.Sir due to lack of safety across the railway tracks lot of animals especially elephants and tigers were died around all states having Forest near railway track.I am asking u where you are takes any decision on the forest officials..
 Next,my suggestion is involving all the IIIT's ,NIT's & IIT's to participate in their respective streams for free to develop the country.
I think u understand my suggestions in depth  I hope u are doing these at least within year.

0 0 TO tackle the problem of lines in front of ATMS, BANKS and various department like for paying electricity bill etc.
I suggest you for the NATIONAL TOKEN SYSTEM, driven through the ivrs, sms or ussd.
that should be strictly followed, no other can come other than the allot slot for the token specific. 
Also , being a true Indian  i want to demand "saheed saman QUOTA", for the childrens of  saheed of our country.
In all exams and job opportunities.

0 0 our beloved and most respected PM Modiji,
1.please address the issue of political parties on disclosure of donation in party fund. and no cash donation should allowed.
2. all parties should be underthe ambit of RTI.

0 0 Sir There is a need for greater accountability from Govt officials, especially at the middle level and below, as they are the ones who deal with veneral public. Require some structural changes using IT and transparency, to enable this.
Also there is a need to audit many organisations and institutions, that are no longer required. Many i feel are nust a drain on the exchequer.

0 0 Please ban Participatory Notes from stock market

0 0 Ban P notes

0 0 I have been gone total mad how they just put word JEALOUS when they describe Jesus. Quran.. Mohammad I feel so bad then getting angry even . it is bad . so bad how manipulation have taken place. Is it means VISHNU-SHIVA going to become ALIENS now.. it's hard how they are slowly manipulating everything . shiva is become EVIL .. how is that possible.. they are okay describing him as EVIL like they are believing in some other GOD. just help us. we need a lot more help then we think.

0 0 1.Withdraw 2000 and 500 notes and introduce 200 notes.
2.All notes should be made of polymer
3.Punish all the bankers n others involved in currency scam
4.Make all donations to Pol parties 100% cashless
5.RTI for citizens regarding donations to political parties
6.Introduce Income Tax for political parties
7.Make POS machines that doesn't need power supply to work
8. Remove restrictions n charges on digital transactions. We should be able to pay 10-20 rupees also digitally.

0 0 At least show us who is our enemy ?? I have been digging and digging. There are multiple faces .. his PAWNS .. one thing I know people who wants to put us in never ending DEBT and they don't want that we go towards clean-Free energy.. Don't want we worship True God or even identify GOD. want to describe heaven either with 72 hoors or scientific way means lead us back to why we need heaven at all ?? it is unreal how deeply they can influence science .

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर प्रणाम ,
सर्वप्रथम क्रिसमस की हार्दिक शुभकामनाये । क्या  ऐसा नहीं लग रहा है कि मन की बात  सिर्फ एक तरफ़ा हो रही है ? यदि मन की बात का विषय ज्ञात हो जाये तो उस पर कुछ बात बने । कार्य पद्दति सुधार के क्रम में कार्यालयों में कार्यरत बाबुओं का पद समाप्त कर दिए जाये उसके स्थान पर पदों का नाम कुछ और रख दिया जाये जिससे उनके कार्यशैली में  बदलाव  आये । क्यों कि नित्य प्रतिदिन ये बाबूए कुछ न कुछ कार्यों को लेकर शरारत और परेशान करते रहते है और भ्रष्टाचार को बढ़ावा देते है ।

0 0 Namasthe.. PM 
The issue of promotion of digital banking can be resolved if if we assign the job to youth organisations as an election campaign.  Wardwise activity teams are to be formed.  They should be kept on moving from house to house and shop to shop and every individual is to be covered in th eprocess.  The Unified Payment Interface is to be taught to everybody.  QR code is to be generated for each shops, hotels,taxis,autos etc got printed and displayed.
sathyalakshmiofficer PSU

0 1 Dear Sir,
   You have been saying PM is Pradhan Sevak. True but EGO of Bureaucracy is very high. They have Closed door policy. Don't like to meet people specially the old age Pensioners. Grievances are not heard, not replied,responded. ESIC Ministry of Labour not releasing retirement gratuity for inaction on their part.  Now it's 2yrs and 7 months. No response to correspondence no reply to emails. How nd why the aged people will meet their expenses? How they shall match the young people Advise

0 0 Hello sir, Jay hind.
The Demonetization step by present government making the best impact of slap on the face of black money holders.
thanks.

0 0 one day will come may be end of natural resources,mineral and energy.So we should think about alternative energy time to time.Natural Gas turbine..solar energy..solar plane etc..lets think about a bright future.JAI HIND.

0 0 Sir Currently I am Living in a small place called as Paithan which is in Aurangabad Dist of Maharashtra which has population more then 30K i guess. Here hardly we can find any shop accepting digital payment. Sir I request you to please make sure that at least one local kirana/grocery/daily needs shop accepts digital payment may be with POS machine or by E wallet. I don't of others but if this is done then at least my family's cash requirements will reduced by at least 50%. Jai Hind

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Slogans for Cashless, Digital India:
Cashless India, Corrupt free India.
Cash helps terror. Digital helps the poor.
Cash can be stolen. Digital is safe.
Cash is black. Digital is white.
Best Wishes.
M.Lakshmiram.

0 0 we,all bhakts need hanumanji like anything . we need to stop fighting with one another . we need to fight with real evil.  Lucifer /Kali what ever he is .. he is painting his own GOD as ALIEN. he says on the judgement day a few thousands of ppl will survive . when he says a few means his minions is it means he is going to become self proclaimed GOD?? I mean and all disaster which he brings that's also on name of GOD .it is disgusting .
I just hope U get all the help what you need in TIME

0 0 Sir 1st of all I would like to appreciate ur move on demonetisation.Now I would like u 2 take another move on d SYSTEM OF ELECTIONS in d country.Sir u hav LINKED AADHAR CARD with BANK A/Cs and now 1 can also do cashless transactions from d card.Similarly make AADHAR CARD the new VOTER ID.With dis move sir d problem of fake voting can b solved to a gr8 extent as d voters will have 2 give dere fingerprints, dis will also eliminate d use of ink. Sir try 2 implement dis in d UPCOMING STATE ELECTIONS

0 0 green india clean india#lets apply the slogan swach sandesh swach bharat abhiyan lets do it again.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
One of the criticisms against Demonetization is that it attacks the stock of black money but not its future flows. But Demonetization, at one stroke, has attacked all the black money (in cash) accumulated over 70 years. It will take many many more years to accumulate "new" black money of such proportions and it gives enough time for the government to plug the loop holes, to minimise future flow of black money. 
Best Wishes in your endeavours.
M.Lakshmiram.

0 0 Clean india, Digital India, Make in India and cash less India has got huge success... Now India wants to be green... So i kindly request you to start Green India..!

0 0 vijay kumar
To	 madhan anna friend answers cpio-la@nic.in dr.dpsharma@nic.in capio-la@nic.in and 6 more... 12/08/06 at 7:59 PM
FromNO 3, VRA COMPLEX,
NEAR CANARA BANK,
PADALAM x ROAD,
MADURANTAKAMTALUK.603318
PHONE: 91 98944 52480
August 12, 2006
TO,
 PEOPLES WHO REALLY WANT TO MAKE A BRIGHTER and CORRUPTION FREE NATION
Dear Sir or Madam:
SUB: world of no direct cash transaction.
To make the country free from corruption, basically the unaccount

0 0 as much I know day by day on how they are stopping growth of humanity on CANCER cure.. curing AIDs.. how they want to sabotage our farming land . It is pretty sure that it is not Islam. but Islamization .. westernization through GLOBALISATION which is their master project ... One world one GOV. I mean the whole world we are living in Everything is FAKE .& really fake . It is not just MAYA which we humans can't see with our regular eyesight .

0 0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wardenclyffe_Tower
Nicholas Tesla Tower Project . Some say this project was able to provide us wireless Power and possibly lead humanity to FREE electricity . JP Morgan was his financier . the whole project sabotage then . so is it mean we really never had any power of evolution in our hand ? strings have been pulled by Lucifer through his minions ?? I mean Kali would never let us go towards Free-Clean Energy at all no matter what .. so ?? then what ??

0 0 Sir, I beg you to please come out with some concrete laws for men rights in India.Life has become intolerable.

0 0 Sir, I also want to be the part of cashless india.I have account of social media,paytm,sbi buddy.
But I belongs to a poor family and my parents doesn't want to let me use net banking.Sir please do something so I can be a part of Cashless india
Jai hind jai modi

0 0 सभी मंदिरों मे रोज टनों से फूल मालाए चढ़ाई जाती है। तुरंत ये फूल कचरा हो जाते है। यदि हर मंदिर इसका प्राक्रतिक़ खाद earthworm के साथ बनाए ओर प्रशाद के समान भक्तों को पाकेट बना कर बाटे तो करोड़ों रुपयों की फूल मालाएँ का waste  बचेगा और लोग घरों मे जाकर इस खाद का उपयोग श्र्धा के साथ करेंगे। साथ हे साथ वे इस खाद का महत्व समझेंगे ओर एस्तेमाल करेंगें ओर प्रचार केरेगे। स्वचता अभियान, धार्मिक attachment/जागरण, organic खाद अभियान पूर्ण होगा। करोड़ों रुपया का फूल मालाओं का waste न होकर दोहरा फाइदा होगा

0 0 last time I suggested something on sudarshan CHAKRA which was so stupid of me. and then now I feel bad . I guess we BHAKTS all will see what's gonna happened by having new President & Vice President . So much excitement inside me . (Ram Lakshaman Janki .. Jai bolo hanuman ki )
Of course you know who are having influence on every country including India. you are totally aware with that secret society and their motives . It is getting scary for me as much I go deep.

0 0 Sir,due to lack of funds Indian ice hockey team missed the Asian Winter Games.I request you to talk about it and take action so that this type of incidents never happen again.This is a very sad incident which should not have occurred under your gov. Gov.should give importance yo every sport. Pls. Talk about it Mann ki Baat.

0 0 First I want to salute u.We get someone who can do anything for our nation.I am proud of u.Demoneytisation & digital transection are great ideas.But digital transection will not working untill it can be started initially from all government office,& all government shops.Like energy bill payment.it is my personal experience that when we ask them to take money digitall.(for billing name change purpose).They refused & asked for cash.So sir please start it from government,so we can use it smoothly

0 0 To curb terrorism and stop corruption we need a cashless society. A country where every single rupee transacted is thru bank, a card or an ewallet. There should be a continued restriction on cash withdrawal or any form of cash transaction. All businesses big or small, professionals, auto rickshaw drivers, restaurants, tailors, fruit seller, sabziwala should have at least 1 cashless option available with them other than cash. This should be made mandatory with their registration

0 0 A dedicated channel may be launched only to telecast about different government schemes.

0 0 17-12-2016  -1
அரசாங்கத்தை அதன் சக்தியை  மக்களாலேயே  நீண்ட வருடத்திற்கு பராமரிக்கும் விதமாக செம்மைப்படுத்த்தும் சட்டங்களை இயற்றி  வரவேண்டும்.மூன்று விதமான வழிமுறைகள் எல்லாத்துறைகளிலும் இருக்கவேண்டும்.

0 0 Dear sir,
Pls give executive orders to pass maternity benefit amendmemt bill 2016 to benefit working women.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
I have enclosed a fail proof plan to ease off new currency distribution / availability by 31 Dec 2016. Regards
Common Indian Citizen

0 0 18-12-2016-2 இன்கம்டாக்ஸ் வருமான முறையை பயனுள்ள விதமாக  மாற்றி வசூலிக்கும் தொகைகளுக்கு  ஏற்ற  தொழில் செய்பவர்களுக்கு  உடனடி தொழில் விரிவாக்க கடன்களை  வழங்க வேண்டும் ,வருமானத்தை அடிப்படையாக வைத்து ட்ரான்சாக்ஸனை  விற்பனை வரம்பை  அதன் மீது  தற்பொழுது  10 சதாமானம் மட்டுமே வழங்கப்படுகிறது  அதில்  சுமார் 30 சாதமானம்  வழங்கப்பட்டாலும் சிறுதொழில் செய்பவர்கள் நிச்சயமாக மிகப்பெரும் அளவில் பங்கேற்க முடியும் .இது கூட பெரும் ஆளை அதிபர்கள்  மட்டுமே  .வங்கியில் நுழையமுடியும் என்ற  கள்ள சந்தை உருவாக்கப்பட்டுள்ள

0 0 जन धन खाता मे 8 नवम्बर के बाद जमा राशि का आहरण रोकना आवश्यक है। अंजाने रूप से वे भी आपराधिक षड्यंत्र के हिस्सा हो गये होंगे। जब तक विवेचना पूरी न हो जाये खाता धारक पैसा न निकले हाँ जमा राशि का 6  महीने बाद एक एक माह का ब्याज निकालने का अधिकार उन्हे इस शर्त के साथ हो कि यदि आवश्यकता होगी तो उन्हे पैसा वापस केरना होगा।

0 0 Sir,Demand to start the direct train between Kalka to Haridwar raised by the thousands people through Sh.J.P.Nadda,health minister ,sh.Virender Kashyap,M.P.[LOKSABHA],Sh.Rattan lal kataria,M.P.Loksabha,Mrs.Kirron kher,M.P.,we are thankful to these dignitaries who raised the demand of common people before the Railway minister of India.In this regard proposal to start train between kalka to haridwar was prepared by NR  Ambala division and forwarded to HQ,Baroda house new delhi,Butmatter is pending

0 0 Since independene merely no steps were taken to make INDIANS free from Traffic jam. As you would know worlds happiest countries like DENMARK, SWEDEN etc.. have bicycles provided by GOV for public use just like METRO here. Here we use bike to travel smaller distance creating unnecessay traffic. I think in cities this cycle sheme sould be introduced and for safety there should be a lane only for cycling.Students will love this. To make this a hit we should introduce bounty for those who cycle more

0 0 Hello Sir,whenever i see the children near the garbage or dumping area collecting scrap i always feel what can i do for them??to solve this problem i have some suggestions:
1)all people should know the easy way to help them out by explaining them how can they take help from government schemes in easy way..still i dont know how to help them.
2)To educate them proper inspection of midday meal n teaching should be there.
3) There should be some advertisement to make india aware abt this issue.

0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister,
Please find the attached 1-page PDF on my suggestion on providing a small incentive to taxpayers who pay for their fuel bills using electronic mode like debit cards.
If you can consider this idea for implementation, it will result in lot more people participating in this major digital revolution being led by you.
Thank you and Regards,
Pradhan

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir,Knowing the activities of some corrupt bank officials of exchanging new currencies with old black currencies,the chances of keeping less nos. of notes in a bundle of old currencies can not be ruled out.So, before destroying the old notes of 500 & 1000, they may be counted again to avoid the chances of destroying less no. of old notes by giving more nos. of new notes. Moreover the possibilities of exchanging fake notes with new notes also can be ascertained.

0 0 Dear PM
How digital payments of small amounts help in curbing black money?Due 2 cash crunch,I started buying veg/fruits online.Who lost?Poor hawkers who are living hand 2 mouth.Change cannot happen over night.My suggestions
1)Abundant supply of 500/100 notes.Stop printing 2000
2)Raise daily limit on ATMs to 5K to reduce Q
3)Make rule that all payments above 25K cannot be in cash
4)One house should not hold cash more than 2.5 lakh at any time
5)Reduce bank charges for POS m/c
Sudhir Kamath

0 0 Having seen the chaos going in the parliament where lakhs of rupees per minute is going waste, we as citizen are really upset. The place where the fate of nation can be changed has become like a local market place. As a citizen of india i feel that the amount of money paid to the MPs should be related with the working hours of the parliament. If 50 percent of time is utilized than that much amount should be paid. Accountability has to be fixed on the members.

1 0 Post december 31 every bank i villages of India should Organise camps in their respective villages to explain people to do banking with their cards. For that the card giving speed should increase to people. In those camps they should motivate people to do card banking. Every ration shop should be provided a POS machine so that small transactions are not done in cash. Its possible if only bankers are made mandatory to educate people. I hope you think about this...

0 0 Curbing corruption at ground level may be done thru "May I help You" system for services provided at Block/Panchayat/Tahsil level offices through Website/Mob apps.Instead of physical help desk,if provided virtually can serve many people at any instance of time.For ex:Many ppl donot know process to apply mutation.So take help of middle man paying bribe.If awareness of process from filling form till procuring patta along with concerned dept/auth involved provided would strengthen the common man.

0 0 Dear Sir, My suggestion is some what related to demonetization, many firms in India having offshore companies based in Dubai, Mauritius to rotate their money by which they are evading a huge amount of tax and they are sending remittance of huge amount of money as advance to those companies and take the advantage of tax by operating the same companies from over here itself.

0 0 Army welfare & battle casualties fund:- The awareness level is very low. Let's make it compulsory to propagate this idea to masses by seeking the involvement of the public engagement platforms.Be it movies theaters, malls,app based business or any other medium for that matter.A sense of pride and responsibility is still missing by an large, people have to realize this. I can discuss this at length also given a chance. Jai Hind.

0 0 Speak about how water consumption can be reduced in households and corporate offices and also less use of tissue papers in corporate offices.

0 0 Sir,
1- Why political parties are exempted from tax, if not please clear it, because many rumours are there about it.
2- How cashless economy help India.

0 0 hello sir this time on mann ki baat you should talk about student welfare policies and about sweden's recycling plant which has cause shortage of garbage in the country

3 0 पुरे भारत में प्रोपेर्टी  की कीमत (नगर पालिका गाइड लाइन )डबल कर  दी जाये ,और रजिस्ट्री चार्ज को आधा(६% की जगह ३%) कर दिया जाय !
संपत्तिकर को भी रेशो मिलकर काम कर दिया जाये (उदारण -१०,५०,०००.की सम्पति करजिस्ट्री चार्ज ६% से है ६३०००.०० है
अगर इसे नई गाइड लाइन कीमत  से देखे  तो १०५००००*२=२१००००० होगी और राजिस्ट्री खर्च होगा २१००००० का ३ % =६३०००.००
इससे बड़ी मात्रा में ब्लैक मनी काम होगी ! जनता को कोई फर्क भी नहीं पड़ेगा !

1 0 Dear Narendra Bhai, I am giving an idea for better governance pan India. Please have a look, if feel useful it can be further enhanced. Regards.----- Raman Agarwal

0 0 ALL R ATTEND TO PM MANN KI BATT.....

0 0 The elected people must be made to understand that they are now in service of nation at their elected positions whether it is PM, any minister or MP, or MLA etc. Now they are not of a particular political party, they represent the country, the ministry, the constituency etc. They have to work for improvement & betterment of their areas of position; sort out problems efficiently, ensure implementation of rules & regulations honestly equally, ensure project implementation in time , cost, quality

0 0 Its not only pollution free but also a very good mode of earning to the segment who is not educated.
Sir I am looking for the finance support to the end user under MUDRA. Although i have visited many of the govt and pvt bank in jaipur but they all denied and look it as a inferior segment.
request you to pls help me in this matter......

0 0 I will form 100 teams of agriculture scientist and they will be dedicated to different region of India where we are seeing least productive outcome. These team should also work to find appropriate solution for food storage. We can also use India Postal office spaces for productively by providing multiple facility under this. Only Indian Postal offices can be found in every corner of India and we should use their outreach in more productive manner.

0 0 Respected Modi Sir,
Greetings !!!!!!!!!
I am Nitin Gupta having professional experience (sales and marketing) in FMCG,TELECOM,INSURANCE etc.
I am PGDM in Marketing and International Business.Sir recently i have started my own venture inspired by your several scheme of self employment. I have taken a dealership of electric vehicle (e-Ricksahw) in Jaipur. As per your vision on environment friendly and self employment business model under FAME India this is perfect..... contd....

0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister,
Please find my suggestions below.
1.  Governments intention and strategy for making digital payment modes.
2. clarity on government's strategy to end corruption and black money. Please give a hint on electoral reforms.
3. Is there any solution for my government to improve rural jobs and rural infrastructure and housing (after demonetization)?
4.  Please elaborate on swachh bharat awards for cities. How citizens can contribute for swach bharat campaign?

0 0 Please read my analysis on Demonetization
http://rajanlaadnews.blogspot.in/2016/11/demonetization-analysis_23.html
http://rajanlaadnews.blogspot.in/2016/11/demonetization-different-theory...

0 0 We must focus on efficient Management; the recent parliament session was a very poor show of country's top management, we indicated that the top most people at the top most business need not work still they get all: power, facilities, respect. We are very inefficient managers but too large in numbers. The CEO has to apply all means of management to achieve aim 'saam, daam, dand, bhed..'in reasonable time so that efficiency is achieved in time, the time country lost can't be regained.

1 0 Namaskar _/\_ Modi ji..
We can make a law which states "Any commodity which is above ₹10,000 should be purchased by digital means only"
This will make sure our small scale businesses are not affected and this will force citizens to pay taxes for everything!!

0 0 The Prime Minister should apologise to the nation for enforcing the demonetization fiasco in a shoddy manner, thereby causing inconvenience to the honest citizens at large.

0 0 Sir.. Another point why not we have sport university...where people take sports as a career.. Why not government start one centre university.. Which have a focus on sport development and give opportunity for many people of India..later an international university.. Same also why not we vedic university.. Where alternative science is research and taught.

0 0 Further to action on demonetisation we must focus on STOPPING Generation of black money in various processes. The people who earlier compiled notes of 1000/- & 500/- Ru are now compiling notes of 2000/- & 500/- Ru. We must attack various sources, all sources with Honest and Strictness equally applicable to all, no cast creed hi profile politician can be left out. Else our enforcement agencies, judiciary shall remain occupied in finding defaulter catching them, judicial process etc,

0 0 Sir, to avoid frustrating mood of public in getting cash in view of domonitization I suggest you to keep swiping machines in all post offices in the country by making a tie up with DOP to enable the public to draw their money which will avoid long queues at ATMs and banks. Since the strength of PO Network is 1.55 lakhs this move will definitely ease the tensions.

0 0 What the use of doing this activity when the system itself is not bothering about he base of it. And the base of it existing of caste and race system.
First remove the caste system from the society then this activity will get complete more than 50 percent itself.

0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister,
                 I come up with an idea, which shows the real E-governance. I am sure we can prevent corruption 100%. Until now we had come across with the news after damage occurred to the Nation, but with my concept it prevents from corruption before damage caused to the Nation.
Features:
1.	Corruption free
2.	Citizen centric E-govt
3.	Citizen centric development
Main Moto of the concept is “PREVENTION IS BETTERTHAN CURE”.
Regards,
Majji Naga Redd

0 0 Dear Modiji, I live in the USA but travel to India very frequently. I have a suggestion for improving efficiency in India. Just as there is a cashless drive we need a paperless drive. If you go to a bank for even simple things like an address change the amount of paperwork to fill out is very high. We need to cut down on paper usage urgently, go digital to improve bureaucratic efficiency and save money, fuel and trees.  Can we please do this?
-Girish
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Sir, thanks for the surgical strike on black money.. But when you will do the surgical strike on funds of political parties.. Why not political parties submit there balance sheet in public just like public listed company.. Nation wants to know your opinion and plan of action..

0 0 Ham Sabhi Deshwasion Ko Pehli Baar Kisiko PM Bnakar Dukh Nahi Hua.Hame Bahut Khushi Hai Ke Hamare Desh Ke PM Sri Narendra Damodardas Modi ji Hai.
........................JAI HIND.........................

1 0 Respected PEOPLE'S PM,
I think it would be a great step if our govt launch a programme in which every branch of the Banks have a seperate counter to educate the people that how to make digital payments by using mobile phone. Factually Banks are in reach of every people and also people have faith on that. So I believe this step will definitely help to fulfilment the objective of #cashless economy #Demonitisation

0 0 please don't be over emotional. Be rational only. Don't change your version even slightly as in the case of 50 days. Try to maximize supply of money to remote areas. You should not be apologetic , take the nation with you.

2 0 Respected sir,
Pichely baar maan ki baat me apne kaha tha ki sab navjavan cashless ka mahathv ghar ghar tak pahuchaye...maine ek soch ke sath suruvat kii ONE INTENSION ONE INITIATION TO NATION.aur iske jariye mai hyderabad se lekar gujrat ke AKODARA gaon tak CYCLE YATRA 1500km karney ka kaam shuru kiya..aur isbeech ab tak maine gram panchayat nagar palika,police station,banks ,tourism spot purey 300 gaon ko mobile banking sikhaya...total 5000+ people...aur mai chalta rahunga.jai hind

0 0 Sir,
Need to think of waste management including electronic waste very seriously and to think of producing power generation electricity from it by considering the environmenral pollution.
Jai Hind...

1 0 Person who informed to IT officers against back money should be rewarded with 1% of this illegal amount. Or yoy can take it reverse, person who will give information about black money should we rewarded with such an amount if information goes true.

0 0 Any saving account or fixed deposit account without PANCARD should work just like current account and bank will deposit all earned interest from these bank accounts to Prime Minister Youjna. Bank should deduct 10% of TDS for earned interest for all cases and should report this to IT department.

1 0 Is Tamilnadu really in India..why central government not carrying well about Tamilnadu. the issues like jallikattu,katchaisland,kaveery water problem..when its all problem will be solve..how India is develop without this. India is not a single country.it is combination of all states.when we solve the states problem automatically India is develop..

0 0 फ़्रांस की तरह भारत में भी CASH लेनदेन की सीमा तये होनी चाइये जब बैंक से CASH ही कम निकलेगा तो खर्च भी काम होंगे

0 0 24/7 BUSINESS
The initiative to make cities 24/7 by opening commercial establishments/retail outlets 24/7 some problems.1.security & safety issues for women & men.As already there is a shortage of police personnel how are we going to ensure 24/7 brisk police patrolling as women suffer different forms of violence  particularly aft 6PN.2.the night OR 24/7 economy will generate additional WASTE.We need to be ready with waste disposal mechanism to realise our dream if SWACH BHARAT

0 0 Since every LPG Consumer is now having a bank account along with debit card, please make it mandatory for LPG retailers to go cashless. Any transaction with gas agency should be digital.Gas bookings should be done by online payments or with POS Mahine being carried by delivery boy. Thanks.

0 0 सर्कार को प्राइवेट कंपनी के साथ साथ सरकारी कंपनी में भी नियम बनाने चाइए ताकि ज्यादा से ज्यादा ऑनलाइन ट्रांसेक्शन होने चाइये

0 0 just like 100 smart cities plan, I would have been created 100 small/medium scale industry kranti just like our country had witnessed power of AMUL India. These should be identified based on specialty of that geographical condition.

0 0 देश की ८६% जनता का लेनदेन १०० रुपए से लेकर १ रुपए के नोट में हो सकता है और बाकी १४% जनता के लिए इन्टरनेट मोबाइल बैंकिंग है ना फिर उसका इस्तेमाल क्यों नहीं करते

0 0 SIR, MY SUGGESTION IS TO YOU THAT YOU MUST TAKE CARE YOUR HEALTH,SIR MAY YOU LIVE LONG.

0 0 हर बैंक को आपस में QR CODE FUND ट्रान्सफर का इस्तेमाल करना चाइये ताकि सुगमता से फण्ड ट्रांसफर किया जा सके

0 0 It has been years that Indian citizens have understood the importance of education, but on the other hand the education system has been the same.
This particular way of educating has been the same for more 50 years. There is a need for change, a need for better and more interactive learning. We are now entering 2017 but we still use the methods of learning that we used to use 30 years back. Our syllabus is also outdated.
As a student I would love to know what steps will you take to improve it.

0 0 Sir, I live in a Metro and for large part I already use my credit/debit cards. But I find some organized shops, most of local grocery shops, electrical and hardware shops not accepting digital currency. Can government make it mandatory to provide at least one digital payment channel for all registered shops. Also provide a toll free number for complaints when customers are denied digital payment. This would make digital payments a success 🙏. Thanks. #PMonRadio #MannKiBatt #MyGov

0 0 Dear PM sir, please speak about the specific benefits of the effects of the decisions taken on 8th NOV for the common man. Also now change the narrative to REMONITIZATION. Inform us about the steps being taken , people are being told that they're the ones who are taken for a ride and the rich are least bothered. This perception needs to be changed. The people are with you and you should keep communicating effectively for their trust and patience to last!!

0 0 जब सरकार RBI के माध्य्म से नोट ला सकती है तो फिर RBI के माध्य्म से इ-बटुआ क्यों नहीं ??? आखिर नॉट जब सरकार के लीगल टेंडर हो सकते है तो इ-बटुआ क्यों नहीं

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, I have a suggestion related to the digital society, which can be a significant step towards your dream of cashless Indian society. Though I have not gone into the details of the suggestion yet I think an idea is enough and can work as a seed which can be roped by your talented and innovative team. The suggestion is attached as a .pdf file here.

0 0 जिस देश में लोग CASH पर ज़्यादा निर्भर होंगे वो देश कभी भी विकसित नहीं हो सकता क्योकी हर बुराई की जड़ CASH है जिस देश में जितना अधिक लेनदेन cash में होता है वहां भ्रस्टाचार उतना ही अधिक होता है

0 0 should include his stand on source of funding of PP vis a vis their Scrytiny under IT

0 0 JANUARY 12 YOUTH DAY.
"ARISE AWAKE STOP NOT TILL THE GOAL IS REACHED" SWAMI VIVEKANAND
Today we need a healthy focussed, creative,vibrant & dynamic youth who can take the country to great heights. For utilising this power of youth We need more programmes where the energy and enthusiasm of youth is channelised which will give them a sense of purpose & direction.

0 0 सर मेरा आप से अनुरोध है की यह भारत देश है यहाँ पहले आदमी अपने बारे में सोचता है फिर देश के बारे में इस अवस्था में सिर्फ और सिर्फ कड़े क़ानून द्वारा ही कुछ बदलाव लाया जा सकता है आप के १०००/५०० के नोट बंद करने के बावजूद भी घूसखोरी दबाकर चलरही है।  बैंक वाले मनमर्ज़ी से नोट दे रहे है ऐसे में आप के जागरूक करने का कोई फायदा नज़र नहीं आ रहा आप CASH ट्रांसेक्शन की सीमा तय करिये तभी कुछ हो पायेगा।

0 0 Sir ,
Please take appropriate actions on political parties funding as there are lot news in media on this move . please clarify your stand on this as this might ruin all your efforts and image built up after the great action on demonetisation.
thanks

0 0 Sir,
 There is new kind of mafia is emerging in metro cities , i will like to focus on Bangalore though. There are set of people who buy flats, apartments in bulk, there is a lawyer who own more than 70 flats and there are people who have more than 100 flats. But the purpose of buying the flat for these people is no to love or sell they use it to hike the rent prices of within city. They have created a situation where it seems like there is not enough flat in bangalore.

0 0 ACCIDENTS & SELFIE
Few months back it was shocking to read about the accidental death of a teenager in Chennai,who tried to take a 'Selfie' by climbing on a stationary wagon and came into contact with the Power lines and was electrocuted.Taking 'Selfie' has become a craze. People take selfies not only with celebrities but common things to boost their self-image.In an emergency,we need to help the affected & not be taking photo/selfies. Let us BELIEVE IN OURSELVES, NOT IN OUR SELFIES

0 0 Sir it is not possible cashless society your initiative is good but in our country 90 ℅ people don't know about internet because our India is country of villages so logically think about it I think 50 ℅ cashless and 50 ℅ cash economy is good for our country and for farmer s and army man you just think that they are our cell if they are paralyzed system will be fail so if you love our country then you must support our agriculture army and our public and I suggest you to please apply 50 ℅ cashless

1 0 Sir
We can see a huge wastage of food on weddings, birthday parties, social occasions.
Govt can make a mandatory clause to put a hording on gardens,and a simple message near food stalls of not to waste the food.
"Please take that much you can eat."
By this if 10% become aware then our country can save a huge on grains.
Thanking you
Paresh Goyal
Ujjain MP

0 0 Sir, what are we doing on humanitarian grounds for people in Allepy. Everyday we see so many videos of kids, women, men who are struggling to defeat death every second, some get succomed to the brutality of forces and politics... What are we, as humans doing from our side? And if we are, why don't we share that space where Indian people can contribute for the well-being of the people there.

0 0 HON'BLE SIR,
EVIDENCE OF FUNCTIONING OF LEGAL AID INSTITUTIONS IN INDIA IS ATTACHED.
NO ACTION AGAINST THE BAD ELEMENTS OF STATE APPARATUS TILL DATE RATHER PROTECTED AND SHIELDED BY THE APEX INSTITUTIONS.
VERY PURPOSE OF FREE LEGAL AID INSTITUTIONS BEING DEFEATED AND HAS BECOME A PERSONAL BUSINESS OF POWER ELITE. 
GOVERNMENT FUND BEING MISS-UTILIZED IN  THE NAME OF POOR & COMMON PEOPLE.
SUBMITTED FOR YOUR INFORMATION & POLICY REVIEW TO STRENGTHEN THE INSTITUTIONS.

0 0 माननीय मोदीजी,
कल सुनकर बहुत दुःख हुवा, पता नही ये बात सच्ची हे या जूठी. लेकिन अगर नेताओको पुराने नोट जमा करवाने पर न कोई लिमिट है न कोई टेक्स है ये बात सच्ची है तो बहुत दुर्भाग्य पूर्ण है. हमारा उद्देश्य सिर्फ मोदीजी की वाहवाही करके हर बात पर हांजी हांजी करना नही हे. मेरे घर में डेंगू और चिकेन गुनिया के दो पेशेंट है फिरभी में दिक्कते इस लिए उठा रहा हूँ की आने वाला भविष्य हमारे बच्चोके लिए बहेतर हो. बड़ी मुश्किल से किसी नेता पर भरोसा किया है. इसे टूटने नहीं देना. जय हिन्द.

0 0 23RD DEC FARMER'S DAY BIRTHDAY OF 5th PM CHAUDHARY CHARAN SINGH WHO HAD MADE LOT OF AGRICULTURAL REFORMS. FARMERS ARE BACKBONE OUR NATION.Farming community don't rest or vacation as they are busy sowing seeds before the rains , which will bear fruit for rest of the Indians.
 Verse 1032 of The THIRUKKURAL (TAMIL LITERATURE)says "Farmers are the linch-pin of the world, for they support all those who take to other work, not having the strength to plow."Respect/Help farmers for 2nd GREEN REVOLUTION

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
Please do talk & give clarification,

0 0 Hon'ble
Prime minister Sir
My request to you please review the withdrawal limit from saving account and current account.
In my opinion the upper limit of withdrawl in a saving account should be rs. 20000/-per month per person and in a current account it should be office expences as per certificate issued by charter accountant. 24000/-& 50000/-per week withdrawal is not justified as cash expnce because no one can give justification of expences rs. 96000/-and 200000/-per month.
Regards
DN Jha

0 0 Concessional Educational Facilities:- Respected sir,At present, various  Ministries are giving scholarships,loans and other facilities to students in India and abroad based on minority community,SC-ST,OBC etc.All such facilities should be brought under one ministry (HRD) for effective control and economy, avoiding duplicacy, reduction of staff etc.Such facilities should be given to every student irrespective of caste,community,religion etc based on uniform financial threshold of family equally.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji,
Please provide continuous education channels in electronic media to benefit the school going children and to develop their education skills and also devotional channels, Moral values channels all for the benefit of the children and for the nation. It diverts the children from bad to good

0 0 Respecting sir,
I really appreciate ur idea to make India to clean from black money with terrorism..
But am requesting to you.
make one plan for giving more benifets for childrens who dont have eyes, hearing problem,
mentally abnormal, handicap from by birth itself. Please dont take money from their parents. Please provide more scientific treatment without any coast.because we are having eligible to make that childrens to happy.
how much possible, giving more free services.
please..

0 0 I think Honorable PM should discuss about the Language barrier in Indian education system. i.e how teaching in govt school should be improved and prescribe books written in English. I have written a blog on this topic. In the attachment the transcript of my blog is attached. for reference the link to my blog is " https://newunderclass.wordpress.com/2016/12/17/language-matters/ " #PMonRadio #MannkiBaat #AIR # MyGov

0 0 Respected Modi Ji , My humble request that GST should be implemented on 1 st April anyhow cause now maximum people want to do business with official way & GST only can help for it 🙏🙏🙏

0 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister. Sir, I have a suggestion. Why not we make 'VAAN MAHA UTSAV' a national festival. As today's pollution is getting higher and higher, I strongly believe that this is also a need of the hour. Organisation planting trees will not be enough. Every Citizen should "Plant A Tree A Year". And I am sure everyone will come forward. We have to bring it into practice and the government should promote this festival by supplying saplings, identifying place to plant the tree etc.

0 0 (DISINFECT ATM KEYPADS AS LARGE NUMBER OF PEOPLE USE.)As an after effect  of demonetisation large number of people are visiting and a larger number would be visiting the ATMs. As large number of people are using and are going to use ATMs, there are chances of ATM keypads getting infected, which could spread to others. The concerned bank officials and Government authorities could kindly take proactive/preventive steps to prevent infection.

1 0 Dear PM Ji please pay attention towards our culture & schooling education because these two things play a very vital role to build up a good human being & nation too. If these two things will be done with honesty then there is no need to tell anyone what is wrong or right because everyone is able to think it.So Please pay strict attention on this.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji,
I am happy with the central scheme Dulhan ki nikah expenditure for muslim minorities recently I have visited a Muslim friend house and learnt about the scheme, its really good Prime Minister Ji

0 0 GITA MAHOTSAV organised by Govt is a great initiative. To me
(GITA) means-(G)OD (I)N (T)HROUGH (A)LL. The UNITY IN ALL LIFE FORMS. Let us remember The central theme of 'Mahabharat' -'YATHA DHARMA STATO JAYA'( WHERE THERE IS RIGHTEOUSNESS THERE IS VICTORY) LET US DO OUR  DUTY BY PLAYING OUR ROLES ( BIG OR SMALL) TO THE BEST OF OUR ABILITIES IN THE DRAMA CALLED LIFE FOR THE WELFARE OF HUMANITY.

0 0 How come you can do this kind of mistake. Whatever image you have gain in last two and half year will go down the drain. you are the only hope for us, Pls. act quickly on this issue. All the Janta is with you.
Regards,
 
True Bhartiya
Sunil D.

0 0 Dear Narendra Modi ji,
Namaskar
By doing Demonetization all the Real Indians were Happy. Last 40days every Indian is suffering and still we are supporting you and we are with you.
Almost all the political party's are corrupt, we do not believe in any other politician. By allowing the political party with the old Currency notes to utilize is not fair. You have given them the big way to get away form black money. Every true Indian thinks it is a big blander.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji,
How could the government going to deal with cyber crimes, if india goes on digital economy or cashless economy are we capable to deal with the menace

0 0 Respected,pm sir.I suggest you to implement some strict rules for illegal and large properties holders,especially politicians and business giants,i hope you will do....ji i am sure you will do.we appreciate your brave demonetisation...

0 0 T V RAVINDRA PRABHU. MYSURU 
Dear Sir,
To curb benami property transactions make compulsory/mandatory to register all GPA/Agreements in sub-registrar office. Usually black money holders buy properties in other names and get a GPA from them and keep it with them. Hope it becomes a Atom/Neutron Bomb for the corrupt people. My dream/vision of corrupt free India will happen through you.

0 0 ISI mark mandatory:- Respected sir,Market is flooded with inferior quality and cheap goods which have very little life and deteriorate quickly thereby causing avoidable hardships and financial losses to the consumers.Therefore, it is should be made mandatory to manufacture only ISI mark goods,where ever BIS codes are available.In such cases, NON-ISI goods should be banned.

0 0 It seems small thing which is common in social network but can be a big threat to INTEGRITY OF NATION AND ITS SECULARISM. It is - We see some forward messages in whats-app , Facebook etc. which have dividing tendency of our society(especially false news against Muslim community). These messages may bring hatred towards Muslim in people unconsciously.Here am attaching a video file which was falsely said that it is done by Muslim community in Hyderabad.
-Abhijit (Dharwad,Karnataka)

0 0 Sir
Kindly createone  new Cabinet Minister post  For Anti Bhai giri, anti Mafiagiri Anti Babagiri
Maximum attention to ditribute cash to village and city otherwisw trouble on horizon
70 MPs siting on fence to withdraw support around 1st april

0 0 Respected Sir,Everyone salutes to Demonetization move and we will always support decisions taken to get rid of Corruption.We have truly experienced the presence of an honest Prime Minister.
Next Big Step? Why Caste based Quota System is still required ? Are we Indians not smart enough to decide that the eligibility of FUTURE INDIA should be based on merit rather than quota? Caste based Quota System is a parasite which we are feeding very happily.Let's make India a positive example of change.

0 0 modiji I am feeling cheated, as government has allowed all political parties to accept donation in old currency and that too without any limit.
Means all politicians will easily convert their black money into white .
Is it not common men is a fool like for Govt.

0 0 Hamare bhagy bidhata Bharat ke pahari mananiy modi sir,apko sadar pranam,
Sir mi ek garib brahmn parivar ka ladka hu.mi civil services ki taiyari kr rha hu.sir mere pita ji ne mujhe padne ke liye bank se lone liya tha jisase ki mi graduation kr saku.but sir abhi tk koi job nhi lgi to mi govt job ki taiyari krne lga.Dear sir please lone ki intrest ko maph kr dijiye.
Bhart mata ka putra
Lavkesh dwivedi
M.p. sidhi

0 0 स्वच्छ भारत बनाने के लिए आखरी कदम

0 0 (NATIONAL ANTHEM@ THEATRE
 is a great move which will instill patriotism. Patriotism is a virtue which will help  us to be united despite mutual differences and diversity. Cinema which educates, engages and entertains & also impacts successive generations has a social responsibility. Hearing 52 seconds of Indian National Anthem and seeing the Tricolour before the movie will definitely help Indians to stay UNITED IN SPRIT & CELEBRATE OUR DIVERSITY even during tough times of nation.

0 0 What's your long term policy against terrorism, cause current is not working.we appreciate the surgical strike but that's revenge not a solution to fight terrorism

0 0 नमस्कार सर....
नोटबंदी से जो दिक्कत हो रहा है उसका उतम उपाय है कि हम online payment/cashless की तरफ बढ़े..
इसके लिए मेरा सुझाव है कि ज्यादा से ज्यादा POS/Swipe machine को हर दुकान पर उपलब्घ कराए..
क्योकि e-wallet,net banking etc..ये सब हर लोगो के बस के बाहर की बात है..इसलिए जितना ज़्यादा POS/Swipe machine होगा,उतना ही लोगो को cashless मे आसानी होगी..और ये सब लोगो को cashless की तरफ आकर्षित भी करेगा..
  अतः अब POS/Swipe machine को बढ़ावा देने की जरुरत है...धन्यवाद

0 0 Sir mera sujhav hai ki bharat me sabse adhik sarkari school hai or in school me padane walo ki salary to bahut hai par ye log mehnat

0 0 Respected PM. I am CA by profession. I and many people support demonitization. Cashless economy etc. But people and my client suggest that if Gov reduces tax slab rates then turnover of all business can be shown through bank. Like Upton 10 lac 10% income tax. Upto 20 lac 20%. And beyond that upto 50 lac 30% beyond that 35% . And ask bank to nill charges on swipe machines. And ban 2000 in year 2017 announce now so that people do not again accumulate.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to share my views that after demonetisation your government should take action on persons having 7-8 or more properties with him because only this is the country where a single person has 7-8 property for his family of 4 members but 7-8 families do no have any single property to keep their family beneath obe roof.
I hope you will take action against this and don't worry dear pm we are with you to make my India free from corruption.
Thank you

0 0 Parliament working schedule for each sitting should be divided into two parts one for general discussion and one strictly for discussion on bills. So that come what may parliament work of making laws is not dusturbed.Once a bill is admitted it should be duscussed without disturbance.

0 0 2019 deadline of Swatchh Bharat is near. Awareness has increased but few citizens continue to litter streets. Can our govt introduce penalties for littering atleast in cities? Yes, there are not much dustbins on streets but here's a campaign our govt can run: #PutOutThyBucket "A street has many buildings. A building has many families. Each famiy surely has a worn-out bucket in their home. Even if a single family puts an old bucket on the street infront of their home,the entire street gets a bin"

0 0 Open Letter to Modi: A Techpreneur’s Dimag ki Baat
https://medium.com/@pankajbatra/open-letter-to-modi-from-tech-entreprene...

0 0 Sir please consider farmer problems farmers are not getting small loans where as the corporate companies are getting more which they are not at all refunding it please make sure that farmers also considered as government servants and provide all the necessary things and every Indian should be able to tell that I want to become a farmer please make sure bank Official's are the one who are making your demonetisation unsuccessful please make sure you take actions on them.Hope the message reache

0 0 CASHLESS SOCIETY BUT NOT EXERCISE LESS SOCIETY) Great initiative by PM that youth should teach seniors how to use technology for making payments. Also if payments are made online/through mobile less travel is required thus saving on petrol. But let us make sure that cashless society doesn't make us exercise less society. Let us make sure that when we walk on the road to make cashless society by making payments online or on mobile, we also take a walk on the pavement to keep us fit & healthy.

0 0 School Fees, Hospital charges are like hell.No Rules,each individual school and hospitals are taking there own amount of money,a mid or below mid class people cant effort such amount.These needs to be corrected by setting new fundamental rules.

1 0 Sir each and every step of  government  create Juridiction and accountability. Who is the the decision maker for that  juridiction and who is the responsible or accountable for right or wrong dicision. In country i live now mayor of the  city is most and final authority for governance. PM never goes for state election even for own party.State CM Never waste time every month to See PM even for same party.

0 0 HELLO PM SIR,MY NAME IS HARSH PANDYA FROM GUJARAT.I AM POSTGRADUATE ENGINEERING STUDENT.I HAVE RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT RAILWAYS OF INDIA RELEASE 5 MAJOR PROBLEMS THAT RELATED TO DESIGN OF MODERN RAILWAY.THIS WILL VERYIMPORTANT FOR MANYENGINEERING STUDENTS LIKE ME FOR PREPARING FINAL ENGINEERING PROJECT.THIS PROBLEMS MAYHELP US FOR FINDING OUR PROJECT AND GIVE BEST FEASIBLE SOLUTION OFTHESE PRIBLEMS.SO PLEASE SIR IN MANN KI BAAT,YOU TELL ABOUT THIS CHALLENGING COMPETITION THIS WILL INSPIRE MANY.

0 0 From road side posters to movie scenes,internet,news papers,magazines every where women is treating as a vulgar entertainer.“She” became a entertainment picture on paper.If one goes by the latest statistics of National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), every day 93 women are being raped in the country.Rape cases,acid attacks will never come down until we get change in our system and in us.govt should punish the beasts, vulgar entertainment should not be supported by movie departments.Respect"She".

0 0 IDEA ON WASTAGE OF FOOD .
FILE ATTACHED(CAN'T WRITE HERE FOR THE WORD LIMITATION)

0 0 Infrastructure currently needed for our country to become one of the super powers in the world. Also if time permits please talk about the corruption thats exist in our system and the things that needs to be done to throw it out from roots into the deep sea.

0 0 @narendramodi hon'ble sir now we proud to be an indian.
म.प्र.में ग्रामीण विभाग का संचालन मात्र 13000 rs मासिक पाने वाले पंचायत सचिव करते है, सर क्या आज के समय में किसी साधारण परिवार के लिए 13000 रूपए मासिक में अपना जीवन यापन करना संभव हो सकता है???
जबकि मध्य प्रदेश के पंचायत सचिव सम्पूर्ण ग्रामीण विकास विभाग का  संचालन कर रहे हैं।
सोचने वाली बात है ??????
इनके लिए कुछ आप ही कर सकते हो। आप ही से उम्मीद है बस। जय हिंद जय श्री राम

0 0 (RUMORS in SOCIAL MEDIA CAUSING PANIC)Nowadays lots of messages are being forwarded by people in Whatsapp and other social media,without even reading/analysing whether there is an element of truth in it.Also there are messages doing the rounds about FREE offers or HUGE DISCOUNTS which are practically not feasible & many gullible people succumb. We need to read & analyse the messages for truth in it & then only forward.

0 0 I would like to see Indian flag colors on each govt vehicle instead political party colors or other advertisements.I would like to see Indian cultural related paintings on rode side walls instead movie posters.I would like to see flying Indian flag on each junction instead individual party flags.Party posters and flags should be allowed to keep with in party halls,movie posters are allowed to keep only in movie theaters.These changes creates impact on minds and reduces criminal activities.

0 0 respected sir kindly think about ayush doctors serving in different public health system since 10 years or more.they are paying so less salary of their job. They awaiting for regularise their jobs.do something for them...

0 0 Modi JI, APKA DHYAAN KUPOSHAN KI OR AKARSHIT KARNA CHAHTA HUN. Aisa lag raha hain desh charo or se pragati kar raha hain, par iske saath hi KUPOSHAN desh ke liye ek Abhishaap ban gaya hain. Is ke liye hame Desh ke KUPOSHAN wale CHHetro ko CHINHIT karna hoga aur ise mitane ke liye CORPORATE gharano ka vishesh Sahyog prapt karna hoga. Sarkar ke liye akele yah karya ati Kathin hoga.Agar aap Corporate Gharano se vishesh Agrah kare to ve in Chhetro ko god lekar KUPOSHAN mitane me Safal ho sakte hain.

0 0 Regarding demonetization, sir, please share the benefits of demonetization and give quantification of benefits otherwise some people make fool to public that it is for rich people and to viewer thair loan pm have done this. I really frustrated of listening that people need stand  into long queues but till date I never use to stand in long queues even we have stand in queue it is good for country. So please give answer to such type of people who are spreading rumors.

0 0 Kindly share information and details about different MLM network business companies who are making thousands of crores and run away with public hard earned money. Govt neither tracks these companies nor catch them and return the money and many people committed suicide as well in speakasia and other similar cases. How are they registered then how unethical they are. What's the legality and current scenario of socialtrade.biz? Catch all the fraudulent companies as it's breaking the trust!!

0 0 Sir kindly change The name of programme and budget ,activity and attention for "Clean Ganga " and Clean India to ----Stop Poluting Ganga--- and Stop Poluting India . My humble opinion is cleaning whle Ganga and whole India one time and then what

0 0 (MOVE FROM 'DISABILITY' & SAY I HAVE 'THIS ABILITY' )
 Every individual has some limitations and also has unique strengths.People with disability have done exceptionally well in life & serve as an inspiration & guiding light for others to follow. Helen Keller said "Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it."It is time we find our unique talents &  MOVE FROM 'DISABILITY' & SAY I HAVE 'THIS ABILITY'

0 0 Parliament's Winter Session washout is huge disappointment for 125 cr Indians,who will bear this loss in LS & RS,must have rule for LOP(loss of pay) in salary who so ever responsible for this.

0 0 Or servising defance personal n x servise defance personal ko ek New year gift ho aapki taraf se agar defance personal usme jate h to to unko n unki family ko ek traviling problem kam hoga or agar nahi jate h to usme general TICKET dhark baith kar jayenge  ye suwidha kuchh train me h n kuchh me nahi h so plz aap is pe dhyan de to jawano ke andar ek josh or msg jayega ki ye gov hamare liye sochti h humare problem ko khatm karegi dhire dhire thanx sir

0 0 (MONEY & WATER SHOULD FLOW FREELY.) IF WATER DOESN'T FLOW FREELY & STAGNATES, IT ROTS & CAUSES DISEASES.(SIMILARLY, IRON WITHOUT USE RUSTS) LIKEWISE IF MONEY DOESN'T FLOW FREELY, IT ROTS & CAUSES DISEASES CALLED CORRUPTION & BLACK MONEY.( December 9th was INTERNATIONAL ANTI-CORRUPTION DAY)

0 0 Respected P.M Sir,
As we are going towards "Digital Economy",It is better to create "Cyber Army" with extraordinary professionals in Cybersecurity.They should be train ed in cybersecurity like "Block commandos" in Army.
In future Cyber attacks may increase from our neighbouring countries.It's time act on it.
Please do the recruitment only through UPSC.
Thank you.
Regards,
Thrivendar
Software engineer
Hyderabad
JAI HIND
#MannKiBaat

0 0 (Rain Or Shine
Newspaper boys deliver)
As it rained heavily in Chennai as 'Vardah' Puyal(Cyclone) crossed Chennai,  Kudos to the bright and cheerful Newspaper boys who not only delivered the newspaper but made sure their throw was perfect and the newspaper landed in a dry spot. Some of the famous men started as Newspaper delivery boys and in future became newsmakers like Martin Luther King Jr, Dr.Abdul Kalam and Walt Disney who said " All your dreams can come true if you have the courage

0 0 Hi sir,
India comes at second number in the list of the country where highest number of people dies daily in road accidents.
Please take immediate action to make strict rules to avoid/ minimize road accidents on state/national highways.
This will really saves lot of lives and will bring happiness

0 0 Sir mai chahta hu ki aap humare bahadur jawano ke ek khash problem pe dhyan de or unka problem thoda kam kare sir humare desh me pata nahi kitne lakhs people h x defance or servising defance personal aaj ke date me army ya servising personal ki holiday fixed nahi we aaj bhi train me Box pe baith kar jate huye dekhte h we to bane h compromise ke liye but mai chahta hu aap Railway ke har train me defance coch chalaye sleeper na  sahi combined general coch taki Railway ka loss bhi na ho

1 0 Sir I salute you for the demonetisation,being a banker I was at the centre of it but I am ready to work hard if it benefits my nation and I have no complaints. All of us have worked very hard and with full integrity. But a few corrupts officials have ruined it and the whole banker community is now criticized.When we did our work honestly,such things hurt us.Sir it's my humble request to you to please raise this issue and let people know that all of us are not corrupt and how hard we worked.

0 0 (CYCLONE 'VARDAH' COULDN'T CONQUER THE FIGHTING SPIRIT OF PEOPLE OF TAMIL NADU)
ELECTRIFYING PERFORMANCE BY TAMIL NADU EB TEAM
Kudos to Electricity Board(EB) of  team of Tamil Nadu for their electrifying power packed high voltage performance in restoring power in a phased manner with meticulous planning and alacrity, keeping in mind the magnitude of devastation by cyclone 'Vardah' The cyclone 'came', 'it saw' but it couldn't conquer the fighting spirit of people of Tamil Nadu.

1 0 Respected Modiji, The entire nation is with you on the demonetization except a few who do not matter. I request you to direct the Banks/other institutions to give preference for make in India in their RFP. PoS machines are imported from France & USA, which can be made here. Santhanam Ganesh

0 0 Respect PM Sir,
  We are happy You took a fabulous decision. But some people ask me At congress Gov india was no.1 for beef export and still on MODI ji Gov india is no.1 for beef export at the time I shut my mouth and they ask me At lok Sobha election Modi ji promised many things what happend. They ask what he did for women's safety at the time I'm.not able to answer them so I request you pls resolve these issues because we answer these people we appreciate you work and we are always with you.

1 0 Dear ModiJi,whom am i to advise u.but i want your government in U.P.But you loose your power due to demonetisation.It is the good step .I appreciate that.but the opposition party took advantages from that step.I know you have a great preplanning for winning the election in U.P.But i m the people of u.p.so i suggest u to give some motivate speech for the people of u.p..i only want ur government in U.P.
Thanks

1 0 DEAR SIR,
PLEASE DISCARD OR SCRAP TAX EXEMPTION FOR POLITICAL PARTY FUND AS PER INCOME TAX ACT 1961.
BEST REGARDS,
SURESHKUMAR

0 0 प्रणाम सर, मेरा मन्ना है की जो गंदगी या कचरा फैलता है वो मुखयतः दुकानों के सामने से ही फैलता है जो के उनका कचरा उड़ते हुए सारे परिसर में फ़ैल जाता है। तो मेरा सुझाव है की दुकान के सामने गन्दगी पाये जानेपर उनपे जुर्माना लगाया जाये। और उन्हें चेताया जाया के उनकी दुकान के सामने दिन के 11बजे से लेकर रात्रि8 बजे तक कोई भी कचरा नही दिखना चाहिए चुकी ये कचरा गुटके,चाय और नास्ते वालो के यहाँ से फैलते हुए सडको पे उड़ता है और गंदगी फैली नजर आती है। मेरे इस सुझाव पे गौर करियेगा । धन्यवाद सर।

1 0 Honourable pm ,
    nowadays in India alcoholism  has taken a tremendous form , if it is not stopped right now it will ruin the future of India . please ban alcohol in whole India .

1 0 Latest running issue
Hospital.
Health issue
New diseases
Lack of test awarness
Nearest Goverment hospital
Medicine higher cost
Mediclaim awarness
Father mother cover by service organisation.
To increase no of muncipal hospital
Counselling for Aids,TB & Cancer patient.
Food diet.
Daily exercise chart.
Goverment hospital staff rudeness.
Availabilty of bed,wheel chair & ventilator.
Less formaility at govt hospital.
Polio tv ads currently stopped?
Pregancy at govt hosp good.

0 0 Sir,key driver to make demonatization success in lower middle class families, daily/weekly wages dependent workers, vegetables seller and many more is digital literacy. As government has taken good number of steps to improve digital literacy.Some of these daily wages workers may not be having smart phones do the digital transactions.Can govt look at options by giving smart phones at subdisied price 2 people who can't afford smart phones.This will allow 2 reach real poor& improve digital literacy

0 0 Even now people do not hesitate to burn hazardous waste;We have a right to breathe! Sir please take measures to make these ignorant people understand how dangerous this burning is ,for the people as well as surrounding.If they still don't understand start putting fine on such people.

0 0 Dear Modiji, all our country needs now is discipline. Every where you see people have no civic sense. I dream of an India that puts Singapore to shame. Will it only remain a dream. For this curroption must come to an end and only then will the civic authorities be able to do their job and serious action take against those who mess up our country. Swach Bharath Sacch Bharath. Jai Hind.

0 0 Part2-Private companies are taking advantage of the fact that the Act has still not been updated and not granting Maternity Leave of 26-weeks as passed in Rajyasabha. Can we please get this done soon and a request that please enforce it from  the day it was passed in Rajyasabha so that some more mothers-children can benefit from the same. The future of India will really be thankful to you. Jai Hind

0 0 Political parties are under RP act 1951 & are 100% exempted from Income Tax.So,"RULES ARE FOR FOOLS".Isn't it disgusting ??

0 0 Dear Modiji,
We should take strict measures to stop the use of harmful pesticides used on the vegatables from Tamil Nadu that is being sent to Kerala. This has already resulted in making Kerala the state with highest number of cancer patients in India.
In the long run it can drastically affect the upcoming generations.
Kindly take necessary actions.
Thanks & Regards,
Vineeth Panicker
#MannKiBaat #JaiHind

1 0 Sir; kai private schools mein black money ko white kiya ja rha hai ve teacher ka account khulwakar pehle hi jyada paise jma krva diye check book apne pas rakh lete hai isko roka jaye please... Dhanyawad Sir

0 1 Respected Sir,
     Jo note bandi Kewal aam public ke liye hi keyon hai, aur Jo politicians leader hai unke liye 500 and 2000 ka note Jo apne a/c me jitna daal sakte hai unke upper koi tax keyon nahi lagega.
Aap se ek salah hai ki agar tax aam public pe laga ho raha hai to sabhi pe( leader)lagu honi cahiye.
 Dhanyavad

0 0 Part1-The 26-weeks Maternity Benefit Act needs to be implemented, its long due. My daughter is 3 months and my Maternity Leave of 12-weeks is already over. Many mothers and children are waiting for this. Sir we understand we have many important issues in the country but since this involves children, the future of our country, isn't it very important as well? This is something that even the opposition supports, then why are we taking so long for it to implement?

0 0 high end hotels restraunts should only accept digital payments as people coming here are bound to have cards also charges for using card should be waived off otherwise why would we use card it wouldn't make sense no car dealer should accept cash as payment method because that could put national security in jeopardy.

0 0 Respected  PM Sir,
            Subject -Need  of Revolution in Agroprocessing  Industry
    Sir,for  to  improve  the present  finatial  condition of farmer there is need to provide  facility of processing to him for better  income.
      Other countries done very well in this-Philippine  do 78%food processing,Saudi 80%,Brazil 70%,USA40.6%,Australia 60%,UK50%, and INDIA-1.8%

0 0 Sir, please make common school Fee structure in all school of India, every school are taking Fee with their own ideas, there is no bar for school fees, normal english school also take minimum 70,000 annual Fee for education. Please control this school business and make education simple and effordable. I have request to my honorable PM sir.

0 0 Please speak on Bhagwad Gita. This is the month of Gita Jayanti.

0 0 Sir , request some strict policies from your goverment to handle the problem of air pollution in india . Air pollution cannot continue from industries and individuals in the name of growth .  we are ready for strong steps from your side . #air. Thanks

0 0 Sir, to enhance public beliefs in in digital transaction a comprehensive Cyber security system is to be adopted.My suggestions are as follows
1)A cyber security deptt in center is to formed headed by an IT expert like UAID chief with its team of various techies.
2)For cyber fraud redressal mechanism an online complain system to be developed.
3) At each distt a cyber police thana is to be established with the help of center with trained staff and equipment to handle cyber fraud or cyber crime.

0 0 Respected Shri narendramodi ji.india is proud by your eachstep against corruption and digital india.many shops in road sides started to use paytm.but many do not know to use digital transaction and they are afraid of digital transaction without proper knowledge. So sir kindly call to make a camp of bank staffs in each and every village and shops to guide them with digital payment.thank you sir. jai hind

0 0 And the demonetization step really helps the nation to move to its next level...but the bitter truth is that so many middle class and poor people and UNEDUCATED people really suffers a lot...it is necessary to make this plan easier to them

0 0 Dear Sir,
Kindly discuss on using Aadhar card for all transactions including  for Voting (by linking voter Id card to Aadhar). A voter going to the Pilling booth will only press his finger print  which will be same as those given in Aadhar card. By this we can avoid double or triple voting by the same person.
For a person applying for loan, also the financial institution must be able to see the credit worthiness of the customer from his Aadhar card.CIBIL to be linked.

0 0 Plz make some strict rules on social media in terms of posting against each others religion I feel very bad when people abuse others religion on social media as our country is secular every body is free to follow religion they like so punish people who disrespect others religion

0 0 90 % peoples are supporting the demonitisation decision. We all are suffered for changing the currency through Bank or Post office. In this situation Most of the bank top level officials and Bank branch managers, Cashier are involving the misappropriation cash. They are doing and supporting illegal currency exchange with Black money holders. 
What is your immediate action for the Transaction? How you can stop that?
how you can create a fear for the illegal activity?

1 0 NEED FOR A CHANGE IN EDUCATION SYSTEM in INDIA:
Respected sir,
I think the education system in our country needs a change.. The knowledge gained through this system is somewhat poor I suppose...I urge to take necessary measures to correct this else it may become a huge problem...

0 0 In villages the bank should reach out themselves and distribute the cash until this crisis ends. Please ensure that they are providing 100's and 500's not 2000.
Secondly no doctors collect their fee in swiping machine and many shops use the swiping only for more than 200 rupees. Fix this issues for cashless transactions.
But first priority should be introduce 500 and make the cash flow normal.

0 0 Ensuring complete tax collection is a good thing only if the money is utilized in building quality infrastructure that remains durable for several years. Citizens should be made the eyes of the nation so that bad public works can be reported and action taken against contractors. Clear public work guidelines should be issued to all states based on scientific and engineering principles. Middle and lower class should not have to pay income tax. Income is hard earned money for them.

0 0 My dear & respected Prime Minister, this is something that I am sure you would have thought of. Let's block all the money deposited in Jan dhan account by hoarders, like a fixed deposit for next 10 years and pay only interest to the jan dhan account holders, which can be availed only by digital transactions. Poor people will be free of fear of goons and politicians who had deposited money in their account.

0 0 sir,
I truly appreciate all efforts made by u for the country. please try to build too level educational institutions in the rural areas of India so that people from Rural areas do not shift to urban areas for education.Rural development will lead to migration of population to rural areas.

0 0 Sir, please change education system. The present system no more fetches to higher standards.

0 0 Every govt offices are building 100s of new software in terms of mobile apps and websites. However, most of it is poor quality developed by some local vendor not adept in developing large scale enterprise software. This problem can be very easily solved if GOI adopts open source in a big way. Any software developed by the GOI should be open source unless it uses any proprietary 3rd party technology. Usage of a proprietary tech. should be justified and need approval from the office of GOI's CIO.

0 0 Sir aap ne introduce kiya old notes concept accha hi lekin jis purpose kelia kiya oo pura nahi hopare sir.aam adhmi ne suffer hora hi sir bank samne 5-6 gante tak kade hona padrahe sir lekin 2000 milna bhi muskil hora hi ,kabhi kabhi oo bhi nahi milta hi.lekin bade log line kade nahira phir bhi Lakho karodo Naya note milra hi iska reason kya hi aap ko bhi pata hi iska uupar thoda action Lena padega sir nahi tho itna accha decision waste ho jayage sir it's our aam admi humble request sir jaihind

0 1 Sir, we are heading for a less cash society and not a cashless society. It is to mention in all forum by you and your colleagues. Because a fear is being spread in general public that cash transaction will be scrapped thus too many problems will come in day to day small transaction especially for rural people.
2) To boost faith in digital transaction the cyber security system strengthen must be in most priority and also cyber fraud redressal mechanism to be launched, accessible to all people.

1 0 Please publicise UPI payments to shop owners and individual businesses. UPI is a wonderful tool but hardly used by anyone. PayTM is private, charges for usage and most small business owners are sceptical of using it. However, UPI is  a secure, free and much better option than PayTM. It should be made mandatory for all govt offices to accept UPI which will not only make govt. office cashless, also help in evangelizing UPI. Hope the PM will do something about it.

0 0 Continue with cadh withdrawal limit to promote digital payment.

0 0 Would like PM sir to speak and share thoughts (personal&govts perspective), on the kidn of activism increasing in all ladts lf the country.  There is a professional group working all over against development. There is a need to eliminate such org and individuals.

0 0 Promote UPI instead of wallet application.
Add more search features and QR code scanner to UPI applications.
Make aadhar id Smart Card
strictly enforce digital payment on all merchants.
Abolish transaction fee for digital payment - upi, rupay, etc..

0 0 SIR, PLEASE TAKE STEPS FOR SOLVING CHILD-SEX RATIO DISPARITY IN INDIA.

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
Please insist all the Vendor to accept digital transactions & also strengthen cyber crime cells to avoid online crimes...also please ban the 2000 currency notes..please make people to feel no currency notes are constant except in digital form.

0 0 1. Clarification statemnt on why politician doesn't have to pay tax while submitting old 500 1000 notes.
2. How can we assure that all corrupt bank officier be punished or not 
3. Regarding aadarsh gaov yogna...
When will you ask report from M.Ps that whther they hv done anything or not

1 0 Respected sir, we really appreciate your steps towards cashless economy and we really want to be part of it but some reasons stop me to doing so...and that are heavy charges of bank for swipe machine.. I have shop in Surat  and want to continue my business in cashless.. for that i have applied in union bank of india in surat Hira Baug branch.They provide me charges information that are 930 RS rent of machine Per month and 0.75 paise per 100RS transaction. and we cant afford it. so please help us

0 0 SIR, CREATE ALL INDIA EDUCATION SERVICE FOR EMPROVING EDUCATION.

0 0 Resp.Narendrabhai,
For all Central and State Govt servants, businesses above certain turnover amount MUST use 40% to 50% digital payments. This rule will give great boost to "Digital India" and online payments.

0 0 When a person gets government job from reservation quota his children'should be transfered to open category as government has played there part for devlopement.this way slowly all reservation will get over in coming years and there will be no conflicts in society.India will remain united.its a bigger plan and space is small.please consider it.
JAI HIND.

0 0 SIR,
LUMPSUM 10% INDIANS HAVE LUMSUM 50% LAND IN RURAL INDIA SO PLEASE REMOVE THIS COLONISATION OF  RICH OVER POOR IN INDIA

1 0 Sir,on innovation side India is lagging behind. As per report from World economic forum,US has 5lac patents, China has 10lac patents, India has only 40k patents. We need 2 work towards in improving patents number. We are not innovating at rapid pace, we are just adopting what other countries r innovating. There a is belief/myth underlying on our product/services quality. We need 2 get over & innovate world class products 2 improve our patents.CII & other industry governing bodies shud drive this

0 0 Sir, Please take some step towards corruption, this has become a very usual in India at every level (mainly in Political, public servants etc). Our country will remain as a developing country until the corruption is flashed out of the country. We should make people think 100 times before committing for corruption by having the strong law in place. Demonetization only may not help to stop corruption.

0 0 Dear PM, the intention of demonitise is well and good...but is the execution is worst.. you have taken the changes (.I.e. 500/1000)and gave us the 2000rs which becomes valueless.. it was very very difficult to make the change ..I need to make a purchase of 1000 to get the change..indeed this makes me to stand in the queue again! Please make a release of 500 make the cash flow normal..
For the villages please introduce mobile banking..and provide them the 100/500 not 2000

0 0 Its a good thought to abolish blackmoney by this method as a Indian I support u

1 0 Sir, I am appalled to see the life of poor cleaners. They clean our cities, drain,collect garbage without any basic amenities like gloves, shoes n masks. Its their right. Cant even imagine how do they tolerate offensive smell of trash :(. Pls instruct municipalities to provide these to workers. Hope u will do this for the respectful life of poor cleaners. Jai hind!

0 0 Sir Modi,
Been following when u r CM of Gujarat... That's my privilege to do since 2010. ThankU, sir I m a Bengali live in Ranchi n my grand father belongs to Bangladesh but after riot he moved 4 shelter. Sir Modi, in West Bengal the situation is just like of Bangladesh where Hindus were attacked and I fear WB is on d way to become new Kashmir. Muslim communalist on d way to damaging Peace, happiness and joy of Bengal. I appeal to raise dis issue. Thanks #AIR #MannKiBaat

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
बहुत जरूरत है हमारी चुनाव प्रक्रिया को सुधारने की । अगर एक चतुर्थ श्रेढ़ी के कर्मचारी के लिए न्यूनतम अहर्यता है तो एक सांसद या विधायक के लिए क्यों नहीं। एक अनपढ़ जो की विधायक या मंत्री वो उस पढे लिखे आई एस को आदेश देता है जिसे कानून या रूल्स का ज्ञान नहीं है। आपसे अनुरोध है की इस विषय पर कुछ करे ताकि सही ज्ञानी लोग इस देश का भविष्य तय करे।

0 0 Sir,one of the main problems that is india facing today is reservation and it is affecting the unity of our country.I have a simple solution for this issue.The main reason behind reservation was devlopenent of people which were backward at that time .when a person gets a government job in reservation quota he becomes independent and now its his responsibility to educate his children's and make them independent.so what I proposing is that once a family member gets government job from reservation

1 0 Respected  Prime Minister Sir,
                Subject-Revolution in the        Agroprocessing  Sector
Sir,For  to  improve present  finantial  condition  of farmer .So,for that  we  have  give  focus  on Agroprocessing  Industry.
          Other  Country do very in this Philippine 78%,Saudi -80%,Brazil- 70%,USA-40.6%,Australia 60%,UK50%,INDIA-1.8%

0 0 The fight against corruption and money laundering has been supported by the millions of ordinary Indian citizens . While the actions may seem to be against business man and professionals who are evading  taxes , these are the sptoms only. The 4 most hated institutions in India are Police, Income tax officials, local public works and municipal staff and the politicians . This in effect is the government itself . Why? Because they abuse power and their discretion allows to be corrupt. Please fix.

0 0 Army must be much more equipped I saw the videos of Chinese army testing the war patterns on South China seas so we need to procure and get trained,  we are still 10 years back from the technology they have.
For economy
We need to concentrate a little more on small traders and manufacturers for past few weeks around 60 to 70% drop in sales.  traders do business with other people's money and the interest are really hight.
Please do something for traders and manufacturers-jaihind

0 0 Dear sir                                                       Each and every shop persons are asking 2% comission for every single swipe , so kindly considered and give waiver to all

0 0 Sir.. Nation stand by You on demonetisation. However we all look forward to have transparency on account/ donation  of all political parties. They should be at par with any other organisation or individual wrt to tax / collections.
B) As we approach for final exam of current education session , can we explore having uniform start and end date of all education session across country ? Will eliminate lot of confusion /issues for students .
Regards

0 0 Dear sir demonetisation is a bold and undoubtedly marvellous step but at the same time its a big nervousness because of poor implementation. The entire nation is being suffered from cash crunch but ready for tolerating. Despair creates because crores & lakhs of new rupees are caught from entrepreneurs or contractors. If it should stop by take necessary action at the earliest then then common people get advantage of note ban to say proudly that it will affect heavily in a long term

0 0 Sir you take brilliant action against corruption.but you want 50 day.but serious problem is who are rich man directly contact bank manager and take money 💵 and also give money 💵 to manager .so Yu check all the bank manager account
 also 
But your are very energetic person

1 0 Dear sir,
  Please make sure that market value and registration value of the lands same. Then only corruption will end. People are putting the corrupt money in lands by using this loop holes.

0 0 PLEASE READ MY IDEA FROM PDF ATTACHED

0 0 Hello,
Im happy with modiji's work. Im helping illiterate people to get money from the banks. Since 15days i have helped around 15-20 people. I dont want anybody to blame modiji. Because he has done a wonderful job. Me being a student can understand his views and aims and i truely respect him and i will help people come out of this. Im with modiji. Im from Dharwad karnataka. We will welcome all his plans and ill help people as much as i can. Its time to work and succeed.
Thank you modiji

0 0 Modi sir,
I am support your notebndi but I have question.
1-> 2.5 lakh above 10-30% tex allowed. but political party fund no tex. Why sir,
2-> You say cash lesh india dream so all party fund deposit in cash.
Sir this two question are 120core indians saying.
Ki sbhi political party tex kyu. sir jb itna bda fesla le skte ho to plz sbhi party ko RTI ke under laye aap desh ke hero bn gye note bndi se but apka 1 fesla 17-12 120core logo ko acha nhi lga muze umid aap iske baare me kuch krege.

0 0 Use of technology should be included And in order to conclude investigation on time police force needs to be trained with armed forces and given special classes to use technology. They could be equipped with gps tracking system in pcr vans or on beat bikes in order to track suspects on the move.
And most importantly change entire recruitment procedure in police force it should be changed and be based on NDA pattern to make police force more efficient and sensitive towards citizens. 🙏

0 0 How casheless economy will help in reducing unemployment? iam hopeful step is taken to solve lot many problems of the country. Iam also hopeful the non availability of sufficient cash to run thr houses will be sorted out soon.

0 0 Is there no safeguard for an official posted on to a department for couple of years. Why is there no Constitution to guarantee this. Why are honest officers reinstated by a promoted dud officer. Please keep an eye out for the interview process which will go on very fast n with high corruption. How can candidates like me afford to pay lakhs n cores. Please make provision by making officers at a place for a minimum time

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
             Yesterday I was seeing that Singapore is on top in cashless transactions with 61℅ cashless transactions. Sir, our dream of becoming fully cashless is somewhat difficult. But, it's not impossible if we all (each person) strict ourselves to the cashless transactions. There are some negative elements opposing our dicision. But majority of India is with you.
Happy New Year!.
Thanks.

0 0 Respected PM sir
Regarding cashelss movt. requesting supports.
1.Many private hospitals (small to big) not having swepping machine and demanding cash only ( more block money adding here)
2.Bus ticket booking place - no swapping machine.
3. Many petrol bunks not having and mostly not willing for card payments.
4. Cashless not available at Govt office like EB BILL, BSNL office
Really we are stuggled lot for cash. need small amt of cash in all atm at any time. pls help.
Kathirvel

0 0 Sir, without moral education cashless economy is an utopian theory. Law can't make criminals perfect.It is character which can solve problem. There is law for murder and rape but what really happens. Only good people can do it, the whole system is corrupt one can't make it clear. I think you are convinced that now you are confused.you might have understood that power is not enough. Tell us another person like you in your cabinet, Gradually you will learn that you are solitary,.

0 0 There is a serious issue of corruption and backlogs in the state public commissions. Such a problem was solved temporarily by the astoundingly honest humble extremely transparent administration of PM award holding administrator Subodh Yadav. Now since the KAS interviews are over due and the Secretary being ultra transparent the chairman and other members were not able to get "their" interests worked out. Naturally the Karnataka government has transferred such an honest Ias officer.

0 0 1.Why can't we have digital policing system.why not put case diaries online under direct supervision of concerned magistrates and why can't we have entire police station covered by CCTV system.It isn't a herculean task in this age of digital India. I hope respected PMsir will do something against police Atrocities and put better system in place. It is definitely not difficult
2. We can have time bound disposal of cases pending before court of law and have more fsls in order to expedite invstgn

0 0 PIYUSH KUMAR PARASHARI
SIR, PLEASE START  CONSTITUTION OF INDIA PERCEPTION CONTEST FOR PROMOTING FUNDAMENTAL DUTIES AND RIGHTS ALSO.

0 0 Dear sir,
Everything u did is good I m always supporting you. But this time what u did I m fully surprised now I m not able to answer people. Why u have excluded the political parties from demonetization. I just want answer why did u took this decision.
Thanks

1 0 Good morning sir,
It's a great move By My govt I mean Modi govt to demonotise 500/1000 ,and promote digital money, I congratulate Mr PM for the historic move.
I heard and even experimented myself that small shop keepers charge 2℅ on paying through Card(Debit/Credit) and I curiously asked for the reason for this charge, the reason seem to be fare enough, to make up the monthly rental of 750 RS on having a Micro ATM'S.
If possible completely remove this rent ,so that it will be helpful.

1 0 Respected P.M sir
There are daily attacks on our soldiers in jammu and kashmir. Precious lives of our soldiers have been lost. This incidents extremely hurting us. There should be concrete policy on terrorism. Otherwise we should brutal air attack on terrorist camps.
please sir do something

0 0 Dear Sir,
Due to demonetisation lot of people are thinking what will be its positive impact in short term and long term for citizens of India. Please provide some light on it. Request plan at least one ATM in all villages of our country as a move towards Digital India. Regards Manish Sharan, Mumbai

0 0 apka sab kam achha laga par kal 17/12/2016 ka faishla achha nahi laga  ye to phir sab neta apni black monny whit kar lenge aur jo 20000 fond ke name par sab phir wahi kar lenge

0 0 श्रीमान् जी नमस्कार्। नोटबन्दी की तरफ आपका उठाया गया कदम अत्यधिक साहसिक और देशहित का अच्छा कार्य है।  आपको आने वाले नववर्ष की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं । (सुरेश गुप्ता मोदनवाल,यूपी प्रतापगढ़ वाले)

1 0 Respected Priminister Ji,  It is good that interview for grade B,C,d post has been abolished  but still dept not publishing the merit list with roll numbers, candidates are only allowed to see in their personal login only for pre and main exam. Sir Dept may advised to publish the roll numbers of qualifying candidates along with merit list for fair selection.

0 0 maanniy pradhan mantri ji
jay haatkesh aur jay bharat ke saath param vandan . rail me durghatna par rail ko harjaane ka bojh uthana padta hain . iske liye yaatra ticket ke saath  ek durghatna  bima bhi  jaari karna chahiye,jisase  durghatna hone par harjana railway ke bajaay bima co. chukaaye. railway ko kaafi bachat hogi,aur esa sabhi rajro ko bhi apnana chahiye.

1 0 namaskar modi ji,Female children have many problems,in schools. Right from 5th class,to 10th. After the crime,many Q?,but there is no prevention. That's why i am saying that,please give the freedom to girls from the threat of male society.private or govt,schools are providing,girls high schools compulsory. co education schools are taking a decision to divide girls sections in another buildings ,with female staff.

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir in big cities underground construction is very commen and for this high power moters drain out the undergroung water and put into the naalaas . why we can not utelize this water for watering the roadside trees ,big parks,play grounds,stadiums,parks,and other use ? Do some thing for our moterland.

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir Bhartiya Jeewan Padhati is the solution for all of our problems this is the fact which is accepted by the UNO on the topic of pressure on consuption of natural resouses .So please discover that long lasting our Bhartiyata which we forgot .

0 0 Promoting less cash economy. There are no ATM charges, nor for clearing cheques. Why are there IMPS charges implicit in NUUP? Recommendation: Waive IMPS charges for NUUP for its existing daily limit of Rs 5000/-. Even Service providers should not charge for UUCP transactions. This would promote non-smartphone mobile based cash transactions between low end customers and thelewala type merchants. The only requirement would be linking mob to bank account for both.

0 0 Respect PM, the public have a respect towards demonetization but in fact they suffered a little bit, so we expect from you a instance Action there a relief for command man.We love you all,and frightening that our respected mass leader never loose his popularity.

2 0 We should focus on income base reservations and should start to slowly overcome cast base reservations.

0 0 Namaskar PM Sir. regarding cancellation of 500&1000 notes the govt objective is very clear.In my view 1)black money 2)digitalisation.my doubt is most of the gov.employees(central&state)are not doing the transactions in cash less manner. why the govt should frame a law fixing more than 5000 rupees every transaction should be in digital way.

1 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir Rain is the water provided by the nature for the thirst of DHARTI but all water goes to the drains and naalaas . Sir rain harvesting system should be compulsory for every construction whenever private ,public,government also .And in cities kitchen water added in this system to maintain underground water level .

1 0 In Gram Panchyat there should be Four year plan instead of Five year plan.& Please provide diesel subsidy for every former,Maximum limit upto 50ltr or according to agricultural land size, and process similar to lpg subsidy.

1 0 It should be compulsory for all MP and MLA to contribute PradhanMantri rahat kosh & mukhyamantri rahat kosh of respective states.It should also compulsory for all MLA to visit all indian state instead of foreign visit specially north east state. Also overcome tax benefits of political party and political leaders &  reduce vvip vip treatment.

1 0 Respected Sir, India public was with you for demonetization decision but now public realizing it is more harras to public when Jaitley Sir announced Political parties exempted from tax ( because of act 1961).If you can give demonetization decision within a minute then why you have not changed the act also.Most of people thinking this decision was taken to benefit political parties as Black money Hoarders will donate there money to parties.Why political parties not accepting cashless transaction?

1 0 Solve problems of bureaucrats govt. employees then other problems will automatically finish. & Please provide special benefits to employees of military , railway and all other 24×7 working department,Now days bank employees also.

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir trees also plays the harvesting system for our soil as we give water to them it goes underground and abolish the thirst of our motherland .All over the country cemented galies,paths are build and water giving culture is forgotten . How we can say we preserve our motherland .SO encourage people to understand the role of trees and give water daily to prevent the motherland.

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir trees are the life line of nature in every aspect .If we want our future secure we must save our trees .It should be compulsory for every construction that they have to grow ten times trees which they cut for construction as they cut big tree which play an important role in purify the air with the help of uncountable leaves and small trees which they grow takes many years to do the same job .

0 1 Namaskar
Suggestion against Black Money 1 Jan 2017 ko 2000 note band kijiye
Har hafte me 24000×7weeks=192000. Isse zyada Notes kisi k pass mile to pata lagaiye k kaha se mile In dino kitno k pass se Lakhs & Crores mil rahe hai sab samne aa jayega
Jai Hind

1 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir next step for cleanliness is to minimize the wet garbage .As we know wet garbage is consumed by domestic animals ,rodents like rat,dog,cat,mouse,and many other small bodies which is not considered by men but play importent role in our envirnment balancing .In our Bhartiya Jeewan Padhati we must take care of them also .And lastly this wet garbage is good for our soil .If we encourage people to think in this maner then fulfil the need of our enviornment ,and suport our eco syste

0 0 Growing Vegetables & Fruits along Railway Lines :
India has over 1,15,000 Km of Railway lines. If we grow Vegetable and Fruit Trees along the railway lines on 50 Metres on each side, we will be creating 28.4 Million Acres of Fruit and Vegetable plantations across the country. 
These plantations can be set up by under PPP by Private Parties. Drip Irrigation to minimise cost and save water.
Benefit  :  Rs 1,42,000 Crore added Profit for Railways & Lakhs of New Jobs

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir encourage people to help in cleanliness in this manner that whenever they go out keep a bag with them for carry the things which they purchase to minimize the pollythin waste as this non biodegradabel waste harm our enviorenment the most .Secondly when we keep our own bag for carry things it also helps the poor venders a littel bit .Sir as we all know the things starts from high socities and then go to the masses .So big cities ,high socities come forward and start this type o

2 0 Respected Honorable Mr. Narendra Modi Ji,
I Request you to kindly consider 3.
1. Free Education to All up to 10 class, One India One Education System, Only government schools. Ban Private schools.
2. Free Health to all (Any type) Only Government Hospitals. Ban Private hospitals.
3. Drinking water to all. And connect water channels to All states For Farmers to cultivate lands for irrigation and Agriculture. Ganga river connect all rivers upto cavery rivers.
    Thanking You Sir,

1 0 Honourable PM,
I would like to let you know that people like me always discuss national issues/campaign sponsored by government against those issues.Recently I interacted various people on demonetization, everyone is happy but they all are wanted to curb the black money from political parties too. The money taken by any political party should be given in form of digital mode/cheques if the donation amount exceeds Rs. 1000
People like us think that this is the right time to implement it.

1 0 sir
please link "aadhar" no with all mobile sim currently in use/active so it will check certain percentage of corruption and also filter misuse of mobile sim.
aadhar no link - mobile - link bank account - link passport - link other utilities to check leakages.
please revamp indian postal system(more efficient more digital)and BSNL for our digi india specially in rural area.

0 0 Honourable PM,
I would like to draw your attention on SWACHH BHARAT MISSION and CLEAN GANGA mission. Both very revolutionary and appreciating efforts by the government. But we did not feel its impact even in Delhi itself, the country's Capital. So I feel that as the mission was a revolutionary one so its awareness must also be revolutionary so that the every person must be obliged to maintain cleanliness.So I would like to know YOUR MANN KI BAAT about the #SWACHH BHARAT MISSION ON THE GROUNDS'.

0 0 You have been able to establish a certain moral authority-only this authority counts&nothing else- by your  honesty&courage but that ca'not be and will never be  enough  in light of blemished image ofthe party you belong to.You are just  being an 'andho mei kana raja',not sufficient to effect the change you want to ,to fulfill the dream of other 'Narendra',the great Vivekanand.
For this,you need to make a systemic change by requesting all parties to come under RTI in Mann ki baat.See the effect

0 0 #MannKiBaat Peoples suffered much as soon as they can and they didn't complain single time. They are suffering now too.People suffered much to make our country best.
Black money is being white through various sources. Please stop them.

0 0 Ban 2000 notes and new 500 notes is enough but plz quality of note should b good..

0 0 One tax simple system for all ppl and tax should be paid in bank for all transactions no need for paying any other area... Every 1tax  will debuted from one window so it is easy understand how much of tax I hv to pay... So easy to understand

0 0 Sir if u control these areas automatic black money will remove... Real estate... Marble industry... Private hospital private college  land and developer liquor business ...owner like one person having 3 4 5 6 homes and he is getting so much  of rent...

0 0 Honorable PM,
There are certain technical risks associated to mass-adoption of cashless economy. The risks are related to the on-boarding of new inexperienced users. Quite likely, internet fraud cases are going to rise exponentially in coming days.
Thus, a thorough review of robustness of internet governance of the country appears necessary.
It would probably also be worthwhile to roll out short a/v materials through the broadcasting media to develop better awareness in people.
Regards

0 0 Real estate price will decrease automatically blackmoney will remove from system..
Many ppl having 2aker 5aker but I don't have one single site and farmer can't sale their land tht type law should be introduced so will never import required things from other countries...and other can't buy land from farmer if they are not farmer so production Vl start  So if any
Type of rules like one family one home .one site.. .i hope ever Indians will get house... A

0 0 Honourable PM, I want that just like old currency ban, all tobacco and liquor products should be banned. lf it is not possible, there should be a strict law against smoking and drinking at public places. Now a days people made their car a living bar. They drink and  drive.

0 0 Dear modi sir..
Sir if you want to control blackmoney plz decrease real estate market price so automatically blackmoney will remove example if farmer is selling land for 50lakh and buyer and seller showing only 20lakh so they cheating 30laks tax and they don't have even white money of tht much amount and at a same time if land price will come down for 10 lak automatically the buyer can't sell his land for higher price so automatically he Vl get loss and remaining black money will remove from s

0 0 Television is a good information medium for people.So, the Commercial ads of "Alcohol" is destroying our country.

0 0 Not sure but may be we can give a try! Can we lease livelihood in countries which have greater land space like Russia, Australia, Argentina and Brazil... for set up of Indian colonies with mutual benefits. This could be with the areas of respective strengths that supports both the countries like Australia is rich with mines and we can contribute into its growth along with our own growth...and similarly venture into many more such opportunities....

0 0 Make Bus stand in Rural, Town & city  can be a SERVICE  HUB.
BEGIN RURBAN
We should have a Bus stand with following facilities.
1.	It should have a decent Hotel, 2 tea shops
2.	Atta chakki.
3.	Plumber,electrician,mason services
4.	Electronic & Electric items  repair shop.
5.	Tailor shop that can do alteration work. Small Textile shop.
6.	24 x 7 Medical shop, Hospital + Lab + with a Lady doctor, 2 Nurses, first aid centre.
7.	Flower shop, vegetable shop.

0 0 The MUDRA Scheme is not reaching all!!! Banks deny and do not entertain it in Balangir district of Orissa. Looks like they are not interested to promote it and businessmen end up borrowing it from private individuals at mammoth interest rates!!! Life is not easy in rural areas without a strong financial system!!!

0 0 Conscription:
for  National security, terrorism, War preparation, women safety empowerment, corruption,reserve of large body of armies,skill development, unemployment.

0 0 Please focus on pollution...it causes diffuculty in breathing...n make our india ...smoking free..no cigs etc

0 0 Dear Modiji please please please introduce performance service rating measurements for all government and non government departments involved in services or goods to customers. Then incentivize them in taxes or salaries based on the ratings they receive from customers.

0 0 Dear Modiji please encourage all mega housing societies to generate power from Solar Panels covering building terraces. Also encourage to incentivize housing societies to accumulate rain water below the big parks of these housing societies. Also encourage them to build underground shelter below the society premise to save people from bomb threats during war.

0 0 4.In upcoming GST registrations entities should compulsarily disclose no of employee they are having in their firm and their bank account details. GST registrations for firms employing labourerers without bank account should be not issued.
Thanks Regards,
Vishal Sambhaji Gaikwad.

0 0 Dear Modiji please allow common man to do more banking with ATM machines. This will include transferring money to a person of any other bank via their phone number, account number, or aadhar number UPI number.Also allow to make all types of utility bill payments. Also allow to request money from a person via their account number, aadhar number, phone number or even UPI id. All this via ATM. Also allow payment of all Govt charges, service cost and even GST taxes via ATMs.Jai Hind.

0 0 Sir namastey
  Iss waqt sabse bada mudda hai notebandi, demonetisation,  cashless society, digital india agar hum apni ekk najar POLLUTION par daale to hume sharmindagi ka saamna krna padega.ye aisi cheeze hai jo hamari sareer mein mil kar uska exploitation karti rhti par hume pata ni chalta.
Hum bina demonetisation ke to zindagi zee sakte hai par bina paani, hawa ke to kabhi ni
Zarurat hai aaj ke samay ko dekhte hue hame iss par gahan amal suru kar dena chahiye POLLUTION  Bahut badhgya h

1 0 नमस्कार
माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी।
शायद आप को मेरा सुझाव अचछा लगे और आप के का आये।। एक नियम और बना दे की 30,000 के ऊपर का हर ट्रांजैक्शन बैंको सै होगा चाहे वो कार्ड से हो या चेक से अपने आप लोग बैंक से कैशलेस पे आऐगे.कम से कम बड़े सौदे जो गरीब बता के होते हे और सब्सिडी लेते हे आप फैसला तो कर पायेगे की गरीब कोन हे और आमिर । खाशतोर पे गावो में जो अपने आप को गरीब बता के राशन कार्ड बनवा के कार्ड वे राशन लेते हे सरकारी योजना का फायदा उठा लेते हे। वोतो बंद होगा और सही आदमी के हातो में जायेगा धन्यवाद

0 0 2.Government should fix standard valuation policy for real estate and should not allow registration of buying and selling  of properties below these valuations which can curb the source of black money or unaccounted cash used in real estate deals .
3.Buying and Selling of gold or gold ornaments above Rs.10000 in Cash should be prohibited and only banking delivery channels such as cheques and electronic payments should be used for such transactions.

0 0 Following are my suggestions - 
1.Income tax department should carefully track the cash withdrawals of individuals or entity from their bank accounts and sort necessary clarification for huge amount of withdrawals above certain limit during ther financial year . RBI should fix monthly withdrwal limits .

0 0 Dear Modi Sir,
- Please could your Government make provisions for Overseas Indians/NRIs who are NOT able to travel to India within 30th Dec deadline to change Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes? The MEA/High Commission of India in London UK has NOT yet made any provision for Overseas Indians/NRIs.
- Please make provision for SECURITY for ONLINE BANKING TRANSACTIONS via suitable firewall/anti-virus measures to protect those who are participating in Cashless Digital India.

0 0 Dear ModiSir,
- Please could your Government make provisions for Overseas Indians/NRIs who are NOT able to travel to India within 30th Dec deadline to change Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes? The MEA/High Commission of India in London UK has NOT yet made any provision for Overseas Indians/NRIs.
- Please make provision for SECURITY for ONLINE BANKING TRANSACTIONS via suitable firewall/anti-virus measures to protect those who are participating in Cashless Digital India.

0 0 Res.Sir, idea is come from Narayanan Krishnan (Madurai)(Akshaya Trust)
it's my thought that if u request to the nation to helping the helpless,homeless,sick,elderly, mentally ill and destitute in India by providing healthy food than so many comes forward to do this great work
many ideas on this
1.mentally ill people can be taken to the Civil hospital by Citizens.
2.Beggers can get food at some fix area of Village or Cities (Free or 2-5Rs.token) if some Citizens work for that
#nobeggers_

0 0 My Name Abhishek Singh from Gonda (U.P)
Today I Uses *99# Facility that Give Better Chance To Transfer Money or Receiving Money for the person Who Don't Have Smart Phone, Its Facility Best for Middle Class And Small Class Who Is In ATM, Bank Line,
Today I Share the Facility of *99# to my Friend Circle, So I need to Say One Thing through Your Channel so Provide Awareness To Viewers for  how to Transfer or Receive Money by *99#
"Everything is Possible " India Need awareness

0 0 Govt. will be ready for one more demonetization of higher currency currency.Further more steps will be taken in near future.Govt. will call a special session of parliament for GST Bill.

0 0 Review the NITI  Aayog’s rewards  schemes to push digital  with spending of Rs 340  crores when confiscated amount due to demonetisation is Rs 350 crores .  Instead Lavish prices money should be spent on improving system and best users can be facilitated. The prices will be own be those who are already frequently use these means of transactions and the cost of poor whow do not use them and new users.

0 0 Govt will collect information to know in which sector unemployment has increased due to demonetization. Govt. will develop some skill to real state related peoples to fit in highway, railway related projects.

0 0 A picture made by my daughter for Modi Ji. She is doing MBBS & inspired with him

0 0 Govt. will take over such real state projects which has been stopped in last one years without any justifiable reasons.These stopped projects will be completed by govt. entities.

0 0 Govt. will not melt down on black money penalties.Secondly govt. will make election process cheep enough.Further in all govt. contracts instead of lowest bidder second lowest bidder will be offered contracts.Govt. will make raid on those officers which are directly involved in such projects which run in millions such as infrastructure projects.

2 0 sir,we accept what u said .we think u r guiding us not ruling us. POLITICAL CORRUPTION IS ROOT FOR ALL. PMji u need to stop it 1st.  we as in matter of #political_parties_funds we can't accept parties way.every political party must surrender their 80% OF THEIR FUNDS  to pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana which is  received from UNKNOWN PERSONS.who can govt say that unknown(unaccounted) money was white money.govt should cross check their funds flowed after nov 8. #jantaVsNeta #PMonRadio

0 0 I am an American Indian and Gujju too. I admired your decision of demonetisation to cultivate the years and years of corruption in the country. The most current news I read on exemption to political parties from tax on 500 and 1000 rupee notes when deposit to their bank account is highly disappointed. This is the root of the generating high level corruptions. I request you to take back this decision and keep people faith in you across the glob. Hope you will understand my sentiment. JAI HIND!

0 0 Sab Bacche H BC Yaha to  KOi mardo wali Baat ni Karta 
BUS,
Hum ese mara re h,
hum ese mara re h bol k,
Fir mara lo,
Hona tumse kuch h ni,
Saaley
LabharBhaskar CHOORAN....

0 0 House owner's should not force their tenants to pay house rent in cash to avoid tax and at the same time to force tenants in ques for collecting cash.

1 0 Sir please make separate counters in the banks for senior citizens and handicapped  people to draw money

0 0 बिहार में sbi bank में खाता खोलना के लिए 100 रुपये लिए जाते है 1000+100=1100 रुपये यह बात नावादा जिला लोद गाँव की है

0 1 Proving with data how Rs. 3000 per week cash withdrawal limit for December would make demonetization smooth.
A similar calculation should be done for cash withdrawal limit going forward.
At the rate of Rs. 24000 per week, Rs. 5 Lakh crore would be sufficient for only 17% of population; no cash would be left for remaining 83% of population

2 0 Dear sir ,
    Pls ask banks to respect the customers as there money is hard earned and secondly to apply token system in distribution of money.

0 0 Dear Sir
Please discuss about the importance of moral education (moral science) and the impact of telling moral stories to children in schools.

1 0 Dear Sir,after demonetization when there was no cash in the system,there were few people including some Doctors who were not accepting payment through digital mode and insisting only to give cash. when this part of society earns good amount of money, not a single transaction is getting captured so please do something so that all such transactions will get captured and govt will not lose any revenue in the form of tax. I fully support cashless India movement and thanks for initiating it

1 0 Dear Sir. Please talk about the need for good teachers and the responsibilities of working professionals to teach in colleges periodically

1 0 Sir,Please bring political parties under RTI. That will be the greatest service to the nation. @PMO @narendramodi

0 0 Dear P.M. Sir,
Please do the needful to promulgate ordinance of all important pending Bills in winter session specially Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Bill 2016.This will have good impact on many working women.This is need of the hour. we are only speaking on women empowerment but losing the opportunity to pass it in Loksabha due to denomination chaos.

0 0 Ask educated people not to use debit card so uneducated ppl use  ATMs. Make a new drive for youngsters to make india digital through schools, colleges ..donating swap machines for small poor vendors ..using postman for educating ppl for e payements. free epayment transaction and free internet for such transaction is key to success. ask all schools public n pvt to have classes on weekends for public. Force vendors to use swap machine by putting moral pressure on him..

0 0 Sir, Still in many areas especially in remote rural areas , cash supply is inadequate. PSB s are not properly supplied with adequate cash by RBI whereas many private banks are getting more cash and in many instances, bulk two thousands in large quantities are frequently found. please see that the mismatch between supply and demand of cash is very low, sir

0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी ....मैंने अपनी एक नई कविता आज share किया हूँ ....राष्ट्र का निर्माण फिर से...आज अपने देश की जो परिस्थिति है उसको ध्यान में रखकर लिखी है...आशा करता हूँ आपके माध्यम से यह कविता लोगों को अपनी सोच बदलने के लिए प्रेरित करेगी....धन्यबाद।

0 0 Prime Minister Sir,
Cashless societies are generally corruption free. There are lots of benefits for being cashless. Cost of handling cash is high, it is in the favor of economies to go cashless. Recently transparency international did a research on corruption in countries and results was that the cashless countries are in top-30 (Not counting third world countries because of inefficient administration and highly corrupted government).
Sweden: Ranks 3

0 0 जब कभी भी देश पर
अस्तित्व की है आंच आई
देश का जन मन तब-तब
जान की बाज़ी लगा दी
पर देश का दुर्भाग्य है ये
जैसे ही संकट टला
देश का हर मन तब-तब
धर्म जाति में बंटा
अब समय की मांग है ये
राष्ट्र का निर्माण फिर से
धर्म,जाति को मिटाकर
स्वार्थ की चादर हटाकर
देश का नवनिर्माण कर दो
राष्ट्र का नायक नया है
नीयत और नीति नई है
अब तो हम भी सोच बदलें
आज हमतुम ये शपथ लें
राष्ट्रसेवा हो धर्म अपना
राष्ट्रीयता ही जात अपनी
हर किसी का अब हो ये सपना
विश्व का सिरमौर हो अब राष्ट्र अपना।।

0 0 Dear P.M. Sir,
             As far as Capital control is concerned:
1) In Italy a person can withdraw 900 euro in cash per month and for that purpose needs to be stated.
2) Following capital control have been imposed in Greece since January 2016:
2.1)Withdrawal of 420 euro per week
2.2) Only 500 euro can be transferred from any bank account to overseas account.
In India, we have imposed control measures for very short time and for a valid reasons.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I request you to make salary of the Indian Soldiers free from tax. Also my complain is against officers of  the armed forces that after allocation of huge fund by govt. of India, this is not being released for the welfare of soldiers despite soldiers are contributing money for crockery in their mess, in SI fund, AWWA, AFWWA money etc. Where these money go? Many things are to say. So I, being a citizen,request you to interfere in defence sector also to eradicate corruption.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir,
              Demonetization of 500 and 1,000 rupees was one of the excellent step taken by you, to root out the corruption.I was really shocked to hear the comments of our political leaders and media commentators that demonetisation has not been done anywhere in the world.
Sir, Sweden demonetized 50 and 1000 krona bank notes in 2016. Earlier in 2015, they had demonetised 100, 500 krona notes.Largest bills will become part of History of Sweden.

0 0 Our beloved PM sir,
The law abiding citizens of this country have deep sense of anguish against hooligan opposition MPs of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha who have totally installed the parliamentary proceedings and allow important bills to be passed favouring weaker sections of the society. We want to know why the Chairman of Rajya Sabha and Speaker of Lok Sabha don't weed out such hooligan MPs and throw them out using security staff of the house and why their pay and allowances are not deducted.

0 0 sir   mera suzaav hai ki   har   atm card holder ko  hafte mien do   bar   messsage   aaye  uske   bank  se ki  jo bataye ooske area ke kis atm mien paise aye hai ya aanewale ho

0 0 Dear Sir,
    One of the suggestions for demonitization and adoption of cashless is through incentivization of cooking gas payment. Due to subsidy majority have linked subsidy payment to bank accounts in rural areas. For ex. if every person who pays through cashless option is given aggressive discount for the first time and less discount over time period. Say customers are given 50% and 25% for next 3 cyls followed by 10% for next 5 cyls. Increase price slightly for making revenue neutral.

1 0 sir mai praann karta hu ki mai mere salary kaa   35%  hi cash nikalunga  .jaihind

0 0 Sir
Please tell to our nation to not to share their debit/credit card details like  card CVV ,EXPIRY DATE ,OTP  to anyone..,because  if people share these details,it may cause fraud transactions on account.

1 0 Criminal minds are trying to hard to test ppl patience on demonetization .. hence  some more steps need to be announced to consolidate people ..It is culture change hence reach to peoples values n beliefs and personal level touch is necessary. announce hotline on aadahr based service for people who has not received cash and bank people reach to them personal. You can control it through genuineness by reviewing transaction history.

0 0 suggestion to e payment & less corruption- any penalties excluding taxes related should be paid online. Suppose if anyone didn't submit any form under any act there is fine for delay submission or say if anyone jump red signal n not resulting in hit run case.it should be lodged online..let govt decide n charge that person to pay online. it will reduce corruption and ppl will be motivated to accept mistake and pay online in case of onetime offender govt may wave it as well.ppl will trust you

0 0 A country where dishonest, corrupt, influential politicians/bureaucrates are given all the rights, benefits and exemptions to the extent normal citizen looks like a slave. When an ambulance carrying a critical person is stuck in traffic nothing happens but when any politician is travelling entire road is blocked with Police only for their service. Such thing can happen only in India or we call 3rd world countries.

0 0 NAMASTE JI. mujhe nehi lagta hea ki hamare india me digital india sucessful hoga or wo bhi itna kam time me.!! knu ki hamare gnao me 700 log me se sirf 10 logo ke pass smart phone to hea par wo log cashless payments nehi kar te hne, or me jab unse pucha ki : aare bhai online payment knu nehi karte ho to wo bole ki:"Bina traiining pe kese online transation kare,aakhir pesa ka sawal hea bhai,,pehele hame pura khulam khula batao naa kese karenge ye sub uske baad hum karenge"
to kya kare

0 0 sir, i want to complaint regarding injustice with my father he is school teacher(Raver Tal & District Dhule,Maharashtra) and he will retire in feb.2017 but school administration demanding for bribe to clear pention file and they are managing local officer to delay sir please do something.

0 0 "No Tax On Political Parties" sounds like Demonetization is to 1) give trouble to innocent, idiotic and stupid citizens of India 2)snatch money from businessmen and 3) deposit the snatched money in Political Parties accounts.

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
           I would be extremely happy if you mention the persons who have died in the bank lines when they tried to exchange there currency notes for the betterment of their own country. I am from Kolkata, West Bengal.

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
A good applause to you as now after your being sworn in as PM and at the same time the way the responsibilities are shared to your Cabinet team , it seems that things have started moving. In current scenario,  the main thing worrying me is about condition of Hindus in West Bangal or North Ease states of our country getting affected due to non involvement of State Heads
Regards
Bipin Kumar

0 0 Dear sir, in honer inform yours that , i am poor family boy, so sir  poor family 10 pass, appeared and not merit boy offer group D post job kindly. very problem living life our poor family. Thank you sir !

0 0 pollution is the one of the serious issue. it is my idea that we have to built the oxygen gap in the main city( which is more polluted) oxygen gap is given by myself, its mean that we build the one park and grow lots of tree in it and nobody can use it, it is only for pollution purpose because we know that tree breath the co2 which is coming out from the cars,factory  and other this oxygen gap will  build  in every 4 km, it is the long term benefit

1 0 Dear Sir,
Please next time if you do the Demonetization, no exchange facilities do. At first you open the bank account every person of India. Then do the Demonetization.You ordered every person to deposit in bank.

0 0 Dear PM,
Sub: Mission Ethical India - Moral Stories Competition (Elocution) for School Students.
I suggest to launch “Mission Ethical India” to transform our great nation towards a stronger and vibrant country.
In order to inculcate moral/ethical values in students from the right age, Proposing “Moral Stories Competition (Elocution)” for school students, every year. 
We have been conducting such competition at our Khilashapuram village  (Jangaon Dist., Telangana) for last 2 years.

0 0 I suggest an act which can bound a time interval for cracking and use of less harmful crackers for lessen air pollution.
FOR MINIMISING ROAD ACCIDENTS WE HAVE AN IDEA SHOWN IN VEDIO

0 0 Sir
   Demonetisation had dealt a heavy blow to the smugglers and hawala operators. The corpus pool of hawala money is getting dried up. In order to avoid the flow of money into the pool, it is absolutely essential that the import duty of gold should be reduced from the present 10%. Now the duty of 1 kg gold comes to about 2.3 lakhs.  The profit margin in smuggling is about 1.2 lakhs. After demonetisation, gold smuggling has come down drastically.To prevent its resurgence reduce duty to 5%.

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat December,2016, I want to suggest that, wishes best to hon. fr. PM Atalji on his birthday and remember their ideal thoughts and work for poor people and nation building, best wishes on marry christmas, best wishes to people on new year 2017, best wishes for uttarayan,kite festival and pongal etc., thanks to people for support of demonatisation, and assurance to be given to people that, real and honest economy will start after cleaning earlier mani./mischief, best wishes

0 0 Laws are same for all. Any donation to policitical party fund must be done through cheque or digital mode only. As the donor's money white so the donation must be revealed to every Indian citizen. Election campaign can be done through electronic media only.No rally no gathering.That will save time and money.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, Can there be a discussion in terms of promoting and respecting tourists as well. This is a holiday season and there will be lot of tourists in our country. We need to respect the international and domestic tourists so that we are able to showcase the values of our country and our state as well. There can be small tips presented on how do we showcase the better side of our country and also on the ways in which we can help tourists when they need any kind of help. Thanks a lot.

1 0 Respected sir,
1.Please open toilets in the railway platforms.lot of stations closed their platform toilets.
Passengers feels more uncomfortable
They used train toilets in railway station So they are Polluted railway stations.
Station cleaners are got more trouble to clean ugly things.
Please understanding cleaner's situation.
Please increase trains and railway tracks as per their  regional income.
If southern railway give more income govt must declare more  schemes for it.
Jai Hind

0 0 #1 A very important point without implementing which PMO can't prove that they are serious about removing black money from INDIA --- All political parties should be under RTI. Pls implement this first for BJP which will give a message to other parties.
#2 Private Education in our country is rotten and you are aware of it. Still nothing is happening. I have been writing emails to all your concerned departments since last so many months and every parent is facing this corruption.

0 0 To further curb on black economy all the renewal regisrration of all licences should be online with necessary information of all documents which should be visually displayed in government offices with maximum time required to grant the licence or cetifiate online as well as physical.Because discreationary powers used by many officers even to honest tax payer citizens. Most of these money invested in benami properties.PM has challenged system in one way. Many steps need to be done

0 0 Dear PM Sir, Can there be a discussion on Radio on Rail Safety measures especially with respect to the boarding of trains when train is running or crossing level crossing gates.
There have been a lot of deaths in this area due to negligence and lapse of judgement. Can Citizens be made aware of this in every mann ki baat aby reinforcing the idea of safety.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, There needs to be a small session in Mann ki Baat on how to deal with effects of demonetization especially when natural calamities occur. For example - On Tuesday in Chennai, the payment network was down in Chennai. We couldnt use card and cash as well. This kind of distressful situations need urgent back up and support mechanism. Can there be some discussion on support solutions. Thanks a lot.

0 0 Respected sir,
This is to inform you that as on 31st Aug 2016 only about 30 lakh people have been registered under Atal pension yojana, I kindly request you to increase the subsidy period given by govt.  from Dec 2015 to Dec 2017 so that maximum number of people and specially students gets themselves enrolled to make this scheme successful. Subsidy of rs 1000 or 50% whichever minimum should be given to students registering for APY before Dec 2017. This is one of the best way to restart APY

0 0 Dear Sir,
   Every Members Of India Should Educate  To Each Others About Online Payments Instead Of using Cash In Our Daily Basis There Should Be Limit Cash Transaction Eg 80:20 Ratio Mostly Payments Should Be Done BY Debit/Credit Card And Others Mode And Every Citizen Should Given Knowledge Of Online Payments Which Will Help India To make Cashless

0 0 Respected Pradhan Mantri Sri Narendra Modiji,
congratulations for bold decision on demonetisation in national interest. As a move to strengthen "CASHLESS BUSINESS" ,i request you to propose 2% additional GST on all cash transactions ( without input tax credit setoff of this 2 %), on GST goods so that sales turnover in value addition chain which gets evaded by businesses due to non accounting of cash purchases will be costlier.
with regards,
CA Nandagopal Shenoy , Mangalore

0 0 If cashless transaction comes to existance by giving less time... Stored money by illegal means can be filtered easily... So they can store money now.. but when cashless transaction comes its value will be lost.. if they want to transact  money should be in bank. If they put the money to bank they will be caught...

0 0 Respected PM Saheb,
Attached herewith please find the file for your kind perusal and necessary action.
SWAPAN SEN
Mobile No.9430558871

0 0 2)	Full Fledged Money Changers (FFMC), Gas Agency, Petrol Owners & Jewellers
In last few days’ people lot of focus has been on jewellers going ahead and changing old notes for purchase of Gold.
Another category to be reviewed is FFMC who have converted large quantity of old notes for purchase of $ and Euro. This needs to be probed for money changer’s in all metro’s and especially small once. Believe and news is that lot of money has already changed hand.
Similarly, some Gas Agency owners

0 0 Help kro pm sahab

0 0 Dear sir.
"Requesting to read it completely"
Even after such a bold step, still 2000₹ notes are been stored again  by many illegal ways. So taking the amount which is kept in banks into count and immediate start of  cashless transaction. Will vanish the illegal money they have stored right now. And later on can give small exceptions for small amounts for the poor(limit till 10k ₹). So if they want to spend money stored they have to deposite bck so they can be caught when they come to bank

0 0 Sir,
Would like to share an experience and details with you which should be dealt by Finance Minister in the way best suited per 
1)	Today I had gone to Chandni Chowk (Fatehpuri Masjid area) from Faridabad to buy home product in bulk. When I tried to purchase 15 kg Ghee and requested to pay by Card, not even a single shop (big or small) was ready to accept the card. While some clearly refused the bigger shops boasted that the business is running well in Cash and why to use Card.

0 0 Respected sir help us 6603 sarvekshan Sahayak in MP ho gye berojgaro rojgar K naam pr Mila dhoka

0 0 dear sir,
 our bankers are doing fantastic work, and need not to say that your most of the schemes of poor people welfare (pmjjy, jandhan, pension ,beema etc.)was executed nicely by the bank employees.due to demonetization bankers become a villen in the eyes of customers due to long waiting and shortage of cash there is no safety for the employees. please announce some protection to these "HELPLESS EMPLOYES "

0 0 Sir, Sharing details of some actions to be initiated by your Finance Minister and his team to ensure card transaction increases and also black money usage decreases

0 0 Please PM Sahab Humra Ye msg jarur dekhe govt berojgaro ko Kaise loot rahi h or Dhoka de rahi h aapki sarkar

0 0 TO OUR PM,
MY IDEA IS TO MAKE DIGITAL PAYMENTS MANDATORY FOR COLLEGES,SCHOOLS (BOTH PRIVATE AND GOVT INSTITUTIONS),FOR GOLD & REAL ESTATE, HOSPITAL OPERATION FEES. MAKE IT COMPULSORY...
EVEN COMPULSORY TO CHECK THAT ONE PERSON HAVE ONLY TWO BANK ACCOUNTS LINKED TO THEIR AADHAR CARD...BECAUSE PERSON WITH MANY BANK ACCOUNTS IN DIFFERENT BANKS TO DIFFUSE HIS BLACK MONEY CAN BE STOPPED..
AND APP TO BE INTRODUCED TO TRACK WORKING CASH-FILLED NEAR BY ATM TO HELP OUT PEOPLE.HAPPY NEW YEAR

0 0 Most of private salaried persons was very happy in early days when Modi ji declared demonetization scheme, but seems all political parties are bank of 90% black money just making fool of us. why no rules on them take donation 20k.   Why dont govt display their expense card of every work in detail level as its our money which we have given as income/other tax.

0 0 Respected PM sir,
Thanks for leading country from the front. Demonetization is a very good step but sorry to say that numbers of  our so called honest citizens of country are doing all efforts  to fail  the scheme.My suggestion is that cash withdrawal limit from bank is to be changed from 24000 weekly to Rs 30000 monthly.as this amount is sufficient to fulfill the day to day needs of the household.And if someone required more money he/she should produce PAN card with reason.thanks

1 0 Law should be same for all. Donation to political party fund must be done through cheque or in digital mode. And all the political party expenditure to be reaealed to the nations. Election campaign may be done through smart phone only. This will save time and money.

1 0 Respected sir,
1.Please increase unreserved compartments in the trains.We Pay the money for ticket but seats are
Not available .
Festival time lot of Poor peoples return their home that we face the lot of problems.
Nobody to move anywhere in trains crowd times.
 Surgar Patients ,old peoples ,small kids are traveled un reserved compartments in the trains
Please understanding our people's problems
Please declared 40 % Compartments for unreserved peoples.
  Jai Hind sir

0 0 Students of Schools,Colleges,Business schools shall be encouraged to prepare presentations, thesis, Project works based on valuable Suggestions given by citizens in MyGov.in. 
Government, TV Channels can conduct competitions on these projects and submit final recommendations to state, central, concerned departments for implementation.
This will evoke thought process, involvement of Young Mind in development of the country. Jai Hind.

0 0 sir,need to thank public for polite support for demonetization,with good ending details for cause,also alert about further demonetization if require,same will be very well plan,support should be alive by soul.  Instead of increasing judges,since court justice is business,govt need to take ideas how to reduce judiciary new cases,of common general nature with the help of technology walls,Adhara card is big instrument for administrative discipline.

0 0 श्रीमानजी
नोटबंदी से जनजीवन काफी प्रभावित हुआ है,और इसकी सफलता की दिशा में भ्रष्ट बैंक अधिकारियों ने ग्रहण लगा दिया है ,और यह मानसिकता हमारे संस्कारों में घर कर गयी है,मेरा सुझाव है कि हमें अपनी शिक्षा व्यबस्था में सुधार की नितांत आवश्यकता है,।जब तक वचपन से नींव नहीं डाली जायेगी ,यह नहीं रुकेगा,इसके लिए कड़े फैसले भी लेने पड़गें।
कहते हैं यथा राजा तथा प्रजा
जब राजनेता स्वच्छ होंगें कालाधन स्वत: समाप्त हो जायेगा।
मगर इसके लिए राजनैतिक दलों के चंदा पर टैक्स का प्रावधान होना चाहिये ।

0 0 मानन्य,
 श्री PM Sir,
          मे आज आपको डिजिट्ल पेमेंन्ट के बारे मे कूच बताना साहता हु| आज हमारे देश मे गरिब ओर अशिक्षित लोगो की जन संख्या बहूत ज्यादा हे इस लिए इस रास्ते पे चलना बहुत कठिन हे| पर क्या हम डिजिट्ल पेमेन्ट मे पूरे भारत मे एक ही कार्ड से भूगतान ओर सारा व्यवहार कर सके एसा कार्ड बनाकर उसको फ्रि मे ओर फरिज्यात लोगो को जेसे आधार कार्ड बनाकर दिए हे वेसे ही बनाकर देना साहिए ताकी वो सभी जन आसानी से एक ही कार्ड से सबकूच डिजिट्ल पेमेन्ट के कार्य कर सके, क्या एसा हमे करना चाहिए ?

0 0 #MyGov,#PMonRadio,#MannKiBaat,#AIR
विषय:- सरकार आपने घर के बारे में बात करे और जनता को इस सुविधा का लाभ देकर प्रशासन का workload भी कम करने के बारे में बात करे

0 0 Plz introduce a unique bar code or number to the existing notes which can be done through nationalized banks only.These bar codes can be printed in the existing notes.No need of printing new notes then.Existing notes itself can be used.Only those notes with bar codes/new number will be valid.

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, Techies associated with Vivekananda Study Circle in Trivandrum, Technopark working hard to create a cashless economy with in IT People.An appreciated move by IT people.

0 0 Please pass the ordinance that after 8th November all kind of donation to parties will be declared below 20k too. To extend faith of people.

0 0 Hi Modi Sir, I am Mallikarjun Chalikar from Bangalore. Presently I am working in top MNC company. I'm Birthday celebration SPOC (Single Point of Contact). So we have 40 members of team, I need to celebrate birthday in Nov & Dec month. I got credit facility from cake person for 20 days. However I also given my team member for 20-30 days. Finally I have completed all Nov & Dec birthdays. Great thanks to Cake person & I supported your demonstration project on this ways. We all support you sir.

0 0 Respected Sir,

0 0 Pl introduce “Oxygen cash" queue or queue for withdrawal of 3.5K cash/month/person to ensure quick access to basic cash and reducing impact of long queue on people w/ min cash needs. Same queue for rare and frequent cash withdrawers is causing suffering for rare cash withdrawers. Long queues tend people to withdraw more cash to avoid coming to queue again which is fueling cash crunch. Oxygen cash can address these issues. Rollout wud need strict tracking through biometric/aadhar across all a/cs.

0 0 Hi Modi Sir, I am Mallikarjun Chalikar from Bangalore. Presently I am working in top MNC company. I'm Birthday celebration SPOC (Single Point of Contact). So we have 40 members of team, I need to celebrate birthday in Nov & Dec month. I got credit facility from cake person for 20 days. However I also given my team member for 20-30 days. Finally I have completed all Nov & Dec birthdays. Great thanks to Cake person & I supported your demonstration project on this ways. We all support you sir.

0 0 THIS IS SWATCH BHARAT BUT INDIA REMAINS AS DIRTY AS EVER. WHY NO GOVT OFFICIALS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY GOES OUT FOR SURPRISE CHECK. FOR EXAMPLE RAJASTHAN TOURISM OUTLETS ARE ON THE VERGE OF CLOSURE. IF WE GO OUT IN SURPRISE CHECK STREETS OF JAIPUR ARE DIRTY. WHEN DELHI METRO RAIL CAN KEEP ITS PREMISES CLEAN WHY NOT OTHERS. PROBABLY METRO VALUES AND SYSTEMS WERE PUT IN PLACE BY A GREAT MAN MR. SRIDHARAN. CAN THERE BE A SITE WHERE PEOPLE CAN UPLOAD PICTURES AND VIDEO OF DIRTY PLACES.

0 0 cont..
not on high social status people.
I question you being a citizen of india, why always people carrying high social status done their work very easily. why members of all political parties, all big business houses, who are corrupt, are not behind the bars. i hope you will this into consideration and restore common man's faith in judiciary, administration

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Ji,
Why every time poor is suffering from the good done by govt.in the favour of public? after your demonetization move, rich people are easily withdrawing money from banks on daily basis, while common people will have to stand in ques to exchange or withdraw their hard earned money. The so called high status came to banks and without any difficulty, bank officers are withdrawing their money behind the door.
why every law is aplicable only on common people cont..

0 0 Dear Sir, This is Regarding Demonetization. Dead Line i.e 50 days is approaching fast but still there is lot of confusion and YOUR COMMON MAN is getting impatient day by day. As every one know, some % of currency is routed directly to BIG SHOTS HOUSES and some % through some BANKS which has come to light through IT dept raids. Please DIVERT currency held up with IT dept to Banks by completing required formalities to reduce long queues in front of ATM's,Banks most importantly to keep up ur IMAGE.

0 0 Dear Sir, Don't know whether YOU read suggestions or not............

0 0 AT PRESENT RURAL INDIA IS AFFECTED BY SHORTAGE OF CASH. LET ALL 1.25 LAC BCs functioning in each panchayat be given sufficient cash in the next week for making payment to the villagers. IN URBAN AREA FOR SALARY PAYMENTS LET ALL ATMS BE FILLED WITH CASH FROM 2ND JAN 2017. WE MUST EXPRESS OUR REGRETS TO THE PUBLIC FOR HARDSHIPS FACED BY THEM.

0 0 We keep hearing Communication & IT minister's statement on digital India since last 2 years. It is unfortunate to know that Post Offices in cities like Delhi & Bangalore are not enabled for digital (card) payments. After demonetization it is important that at least central government offices should take lead for digital payments.

0 0 Respected sir,  i have more then 50 points for our country, and one of them is "INTER STATE SHIFTING" for example men who are not holding their land with proper govt registration, other state people stayed footpath  in bengal without registration land and start a business on footpath, and bengali unemployee person cannot start their business due to shortage of space for this act unemployee has been increase. you great in India.

0 0 Dear Sir, This is Regarding Demonetization. Dead Line i.e 50 days is approaching fast but still there is lot of confusion and YOUR COMMON MAN is getting impatient day by day. As every one know, some % of currency is routed directly to BIG SHOTS HOUSES and some % through some BANKS which has come to light through IT dept raids. Please DIVERT currency held up with IT dept to Banks by completing required formalities to reduce long queues in front of ATM's,Banks most importantly to keep up ur IMAGE.

1 0 What is applicable to common man should be applicable to the political parties as well.  By giving concessions to the political parties   the gov is exposing themselves no better than the Congress or the Left parties. Show the guts and prove you are different.  Very much disappointed.

0 0 Kindly talk about the provision of Female Toilet facilities in Urban Areas.
Each MLA/MLC/MP does partly fine with providing provisions for male toilet facilities, but rarely are female restrooms provided. Kindly take up this issue and an address to the respective leaders to enact in their own areas.

0 0 Please a take a control on school fee's of the children. we are not able to afford.
And do something good for the middle class people regarding prices of food items.

1 0 सर, इस देश का हर व्यक्ति आपके साथ है! और हम सभी आपका समर्थन करते है आपने जो नोट बंदी का फैसला लिया,but why politicians got leverage in this factor. They don't have to pay any taxes on their income either. Now today i heard a news that all political parties are exempt of tax inspection .May we know WHY? We all are humans and we all have equal rights while being a citizen of Hindustan, तो ये भेद भाव क्यों? कृपया इस विषय पर एक दृष्टि डालिये!

0 0 Dear sir
(1)advice to RBI add all bank all acount add adhar no mandatary becouse a persion have many acount ,many bank
(2)devlop incom tax coculation software who calculate year to year income ,saving,expance and at a persion have which amount white money in acount ofter pay tax
(3)two persion who sell and buy property,land only online tranjection done by bank not in cash

0 0 PLEASE GIVE MORE IMPORTANCE TO AGRICULTURE  , OPEN AGRICULTURE UNIVERSITIES MORE AND MORE AND GIVE  MORE EMPLOYMENT   IN AGRICULTURE THAN WE WILL NOT SUFFER FOR FOOD IN FUTURE . DO IN SUCH A WAY A WOMEN SHOULD BE READY TO MARRIED A AGRICULTURE PERSON RATHER THAN A SOFTWARE EMPLOYEES . PLZ SIR DONT DIVIDE STATES BECAUSE OF DIVISION WE ARE LOOSING AGRICULTURE LAND FOR COMMERCIAL DEVELOPMENT FOR A NEW GOVERNMENT IN THAT STATE .

0 0 Sir,
Good Evening
Today I read news in NDTV that
1)Political party can turn old notes without tax scrutiny.
(Its a decade old law which exempts parties from taxes on income from several sources.)
These are really unfair laws. Politician can easily covert their black money,
its very shocking.
sir we all totally with all your actions & decisions.
But till date no corrupt Bureaucrats & politicians were exposed.
Hope to see action taken against these people.
regards

0 0 Government should take into consideration digital money

0 0 I think the government should work on Sports as well. They should organise programmes and call great people like Sachin Tendulkar.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, मेरा नाम शिवम् है मै वाराणसी से हु | मै हमारे देश में जनसँख्या नियंत्रण पर बात करने का आपसे आग्रह करता हु | जिस प्रकार स्वच्छ भारत अभियान में देशवासियों ने बढ़-चढ़ कर हिस्सा लिया और लोगो में इसके प्रति जागरूकता बढ़ी..ठीक उसी प्रकार मै चाहता हु आप इस दिशा में कदम बढ़ाकर उसका नेतृत्व करे|| देश व समाज में मौजूद जितनी भी समस्याए है उसका मूल कहि न कहि जनसँख्या वृध्दि में निहित है|हमारे यहा जनसख्या ज्यादा है और संसाधन कम है,इसके कारण गरीबी,अशिक्षा,भुखमरी और तमाम तरह के सामाजिक

1 0 PLEASE DO SURGICAL STRIKES ON ALL EDUCATIONAL UNIVERSITIES TO UPDATE THERE SYLLABUS ACCORDING TO COMPANIES REQUIREMENTS .
The old syllabus which will not be useful after four years of study . Demand all universities to update syllabus .
SEE SIR HOW CHINA IS IMPROVING BECAUSE OF PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE BUT WHERE AS INDIANS ARE HAVING ENGLISH , MATHS BUT NOT PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE .
THIS CAN DEVELOP ONLY FROM EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS .
All educational institutions are busy in making money

1 0 Dear Prime Minister, 
Some of the transactions in cash should stop and tell the people to go the digital payments. 
Air ticket Booking, Jewels Buying and selling, Real Estate Activities,

0 0 good disegen to modi in close to old 500, 1000 notes but one problem is their that is change plz print 1000 new notes and banks are not work to successfully every bank employs are go to villege and change the old notes

0 0 Modi ji it is good for our country about digitilsation which is very useful and very easy do with cashless transaction. My entire account it was digitalised and I am very much happy. Also I am trying to teach maximum people those who are not aware about this operation and suggesting to peopole to adopt this system and relieve from corruption and our account should be transperent

0 0 Dear Sir,
Kindly see the file attached
S C Khosla

0 0 Thanks for the process of demonetisation which is very useful to develop our country. I am sharing my view that during this string operation we observed most of the cases Axis Bank found very illegal accounts and they are not followed the KYC. As I have my Housing Loan Account with Axis Bank and as on date I have made payment about 7 L but till date the Principal was showing about 11 L. I am unable to understand about their process every month 13K EMI is deducting from my account.

0 0 sir, please
1.limit all cash transactions upto Rs.20,000 and above 20,000 only through Banking channels.
2.All salaries should be routed through Banking channels.
3.Make Political funding transparent.

0 0 Dear PM, NAMASKAR!
I am a proud TAX PAYER since my graduation in 1980. Your demonetisation move is excellent and in the same context I request you to please ASK all Neighbourhood shopkeepers to go ELECTRONIC. The shopkeepers Who have bought Legitimate Shops in neighbourhood markets do not have Current Accounts in Banks and are a huge source of CASH HANDLING which can be easily not disclosed as income. It will also bring relief to citizens like us who get all salaries through Bank. Regards

0 0 Respected Sir,
Please make it mandatory for military service for males of age 18 to 27 years old.
(1) It can make our fellow indians to understand the Difficulty of our jawans who protect our country
(2) our indians will definitely learn to be civilized and disciplined
(3) swaach bharat

0 0 Sir,
A lot of raids and crores of unaccounted old as well new currency have been found but it is in big cities.  Now time has come to concentrate on small cities having population 5 lakhs or in broader sense Districts of all the states.  I am sure you will find more unaccounted money from these cities.

0 0 Dear modi sir It's urgent  plzzz. Sir me ek chota sa kisan hu or meri gav me ek building metriels ki dukan bhi h..me pichle 2sal se lone ke bare me ghum rha hu mera lone nhi hua... Kya bank se lone lene ka adhikar sirf amir admio ka h . Hmare jese grib admi k liye to bank se lone phle bhi ni milta tha or ab bhi ni milta. 8813877994

0 0 Sir i request u to plz inform police department and other govt organisation to use card reader for collection of fines so that we can avoid corruption and black money which they are taking with them.Thank u

1 0 महोदय, मैंने काले धन के सन्दर्भ में तीन स्लोगन लिखे हैं, जो आपके अवलोकन के लिए प्रेषित हैं।
-------------------------
काला धन जी का जंजाल,
सब मिल काटो इसका जाल ।
-------------------------
सब काटो काले धन का जाल,
जन-जन होगा अब खुशहाल ।
-------------------------
काला धन-आशंकित मन,
सफेद धन-बेफिक्र जीवन ।
-------------------------
अजय कुमार गर्ग
ब्लॉक ४, फ्लैट ६०१,
निर्मल हाइट्स, हलवाई की बगीची रोड,
आगरा - २८२००२ |
-------------------------
ट्विटर   - ajay1157
फेसबुक - ajay1157

0 0 BENAMI PROPERTY ACT TO BE BROUGHT SOON ,AND PLEASE TIGHTEN GOVT BANKING SECTOR ,I HOPE IN YOUR REGIME POOR AND COMMON PEOPLE OF INDIA WILL NOT SUFFER FOR LONG. I SEE YOU AS OUR HOPE OF FUTURE GENERATIONS.

0 0 ALL BACK MONEY HOLDERS ARE INVITED TO WHITE YOUR BLACK MONEY @ 50% WITHOUT ANY LIMIT THROUGH ANY POLITICAL PARTY. NEED NOT TO DEPOSIT YOUR BLACK MONEY IN YOUR OWN BANK ACCOUNT.

0 0 Generally everyone accept currency from other.People do not think about the serious disease, who spreads from currency. Some serious disease spreads from touching like Ebola and so on. So Currency note is injurious to health. Digital tranjection is good to health.

0 0 SIR,WHY POLITICAL PARTIES HAVE BEEN GIVEN CARROT TO EAT IN OLD CURRENCY NOTES DEPOSITS, THERE IS HUGE NEGATIVE OUTRAGE IN PUBLIC REGARDING THIS STEP. ONLY COMMON PEOPLE PAYING TAX ARE CORRUPT,POLTICIANS ARE SAINTS, MOST OF THE BLACK MONEY IN A STATE LIKE U.P IS WITH POLTICIANS AND CORRUPT GOVT OFFICERS, I DO NOT REALIZE WERE ARE WE HEADING AS A NATION,I AM TRYING TO EDUCATE DAILY 10-12 CUSTOMERS ABOUT CASHLESS TRANSACTIONS, BUT SMALL SHOPKEEPERS FINDING IT DIFFICULT.BANKING SYSTEM FAILURE.

0 0 FROM TOMORROW WHOLE INDIA WILL START THE RIOTS BECAUSE YOU HAVE MADE FOOLS TO PEOPLE OF INDIA BY ALLOWING THE POLITICAL PARTIES FROM CORRUPTION AND MAKING BLACK MONEY. HENCE YOU HAVE SIGNED ON MAGNACARTA(SELF MURDER OR SOUCIDE)AS WELL AS BJP.

0 0 We all welcome the bold move of demonetisation. The Parliament instead of being the hallowed house for debate and discourse, has become like the  protests in streets. If DISSENT is DECENT, DISRUPTION is DESCENT. About ₹ 9.00 crore is the daily expenditure of parliament. Let remuneration of parliamentarians be productive based so that those who indulge in disruptions are penalised by forfeiting all benefits for the period of disruption by the Member or make good the loss to the exchequer.

0 0 It is fact the water goes from upper to lower side. If a minister do not involve in corruption any subordinate do not have COURAGE for corruption.
It is OPEN SECRET THAT POLITICIAN ARE THE LIABLE FOR BLACK MONEY .
BY YOUR ORDER ALL POLITICAL PARTIES ARE VERY HAPPY TO RECEIVED AND GOING FOR HAPPY DIWALI.
VERY GOOD MODI JI YOU HAVE MADE FOOLS TO THE INDIAN PEOPLE IN THE NAME OF DEMONITIZATION.

0 0 I have a suggestion for the Swatch Bharat campaign, which will create a massive effect at the ground level.Zero investment from the Govt side.
It is a common sight to see people throwing waste from moving vehicles. I suggest to make it mandatory to have a waste bins/cans in all vehicles, 3 wheelers and above. New vehicles can have company fitted ones. People in buses will get motivated by seeing others. It will touch millions of people using vehicles...Dr Anil Kakunje, Psychiatrist, Mangalore

0 0 In this order all black money has become white through name in political party fund of every politician of India.
If Mr. Modi did not change this order he may be killed by peoples of India on road.
If a minister do not take bribe from his secretary and secretary did not taken bribe from his head of the office, and head of the office did not taken bribe from his inspectors or office men who posted a particular post for this purpose.

0 0 Your decision for exempted to political parties for deposit black money in form of RS, 500/- and 1000/- note is allowing to deposit in party account. It is allowing all black money in white by this order.
example :
If I give my favorite leader 1 crore rupees as donation which is black money that leader give me 50 lakh or more in white money . He and I can not suffer to your previous order.
In this order all black money has become white through name in political party fund of every politician

0 0 Dear PM ,,
Jai Hind
End the provision of providing personal drivers to officers both in military and in civil
It's a sheer wastage of human resources and hence economic loss
Officers treat their drivers like SLAVES
Imagine the kind of low and junk feeling a driver get through in

0 0 Simultaneously to demonetization, where ever in INDIA poor people r nt abel get foodbecaue of loss of work, they should be provided with food like AMMA RASOI-as rajasthan madam vasundra ji started, it should be acted fastly to make ths great effective or less affect the poor people, the real game changer voter of INDIA.

0 0 श्री मान प्रधान मंत्री जी,
संलगन विषयांतर्गत, आप की मदद की अत्यंत आवश्यक है

0 0 I thought, whole wastage of money on religious rallies like rath yatra else belongs to any religion should be stopped, or with money collected shelter home for poor should be built. In shelter homes they should be supplied with food on demand with minimum charge and in day hours, let them work of cleaning of cities.

0 0 सर नमस्ते
मैं अमित अग्रवाल निवासी फ़िरोज़ाबाद (उत्तरप्रदेश )से हूँ |
मैं एक थेलेसीमिया नामक बीमारी से ग्रसित हूँ | मेरे जैसे और भी कई मरीज हैं मैं अपने लिए और सरे भाई बहनो के लिए आप से कुछ कहना चाहता हूँ मेरी उम्र ३२ साल है पिछले १७ साल से मेरे रेगुलर १५-२० दिन मैं ब्लड चढ़ाया जाता है |और इसकी जो दवाई हैं वो काफी महँगी है जो हम लोग effort नहीं कर सकते मेरे जैसे मरीजों के लिए आप कुछ कीजिये 
धन्यवाद्

0 0 Respected  Modi ji, Media is full with news that you are going to allow political parties to deposit any unlimited old currency in their bank accounts and govt will not ask any questions and no tax or penalty shall be levied.
Sir, I beg to tell you that this decision is not at all correct for so many reasons. Plesae don't allow this. If you allowed this, I am sorry to tell you that you will loose all your goodwill earned with bold decision of demonetisation.
My best regards

0 0 Dear Modiji please allow bank account holders to get multiple add on cards for small uneducated illeterate people who serve us and can't use mobile phones.Then allow us to fill an offline or online transfer order form where we will mention list of add-on cards that we may transfer money and the amount of money. Forms may be in local language and may be submitted in the bank. Also allow to transfer funds to such cards via ATM machines and mobile apps of banks or other payment company.

0 0 1. Declaration Day:
                          Kindly Introduce every year January 26 (For example) as declaration day. Every citizen should declare simple details of how much of cash, jewells (gold, silver and diamond) he has at home and how much of money he borrowed and given to others. Every Indian citizen have to declare their financial status exactly on January 26 , at 10 AM.
More detail is attached in the pdf.

0 0 માનનીય નરેન્દ્ર મોદી સાહેબ. તમારા સાહસિક નિર્ણય માટે ખુબ ખુબ અભિનંદન. આ નિર્ણય ની સાથે એક વધારે નિર્ણય ની પણ જરૂર છે કે જે લોકો બેંક પાસેથી લોન લઈને પૈસા ચુકવતા નથી તે લોકો પણ પોતાનો પૈસો  બેંક માં જમા કારવેશે. ૩૦ ડિસેમ્બર પછી આ બધાનો એકાઉન્ટ ફ્રીઝ કરી દો. ઘણા બધા લોકો બેંક માંથી લોન લઈને પાછાં આપતા નથી જેના કારણે બેંક ની નોન પર્ફોર્મિંગ એસેટ નું મૂલ્ય વધી જાય છે. અને જેને કારણે બેંક નું નુકસાન વધી જાય છે.

0 0 Respected Sir, Our cities are flooded with many homeless, mentally challenged people who have been unfortunately shunned by their families, society and are not capable of caring for themselves. It is high time that Govt should take responsibility to take care of them by a public private partnership. My suggestion is to start a National scheme (Atal Manav Kalyan Yojna) funded largely by the Government, Religious trusts, big business houses and donations from public.#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR

0 0 I am sorry sir..you told in elections that when you become prime minister you take strict action against pakistan but our soldiets are died and this is not acceptable..pls sir army action against pakistan as well as economic and political decision ..its very difficult to accept our soldiers death...jai hind

0 0 सरकार को किसानो के हित के लिए आकाश जायसवाल का एक प्रयास :-
* मै आकाश जायसवाल s/o विरेन्द्र जायसवाल किसानो के हित में निस्वार्थ एवम् सेवा भावना से किसानो के उन्नति के दिशा में मेरा प्रयास है | जो सरकार के मदद से सम्भव हो सकता है |
1. कृषि में प्रति वर्ष सरकार द्वारा चलाये जाने वाले योजना का लाभ किसानो को नही मिल पाता है और किसानो को हर जगह परेशानी होती है | इन सभी परेशानी को कुछ कम करने का मेरा प्रयास है
:- वार्ड न० 1, सुभाष चन्द्रबोस नगर, पिपराइच, गोरखपुर, उत्तर प्रदेश, पिन कोड 273152

1 0 देश की काली कमाई का मुख्य स्त्रोत हवाला कारोबारी (आँगड़िया। पेढ़ी) है जिनकी मदद से हर दिन करोड़ों की काली कमाई देश में इधर से उधर भेजने का कारोबार चलता था। हाल ही में एसे दुस्कर्मी फिर जीवित होने वाले है एसी ख़बरें बाज़ार से मिल रही है। मेरी आपसे प्रार्थना है कीसी भी सूरत में हवाला, भू-माफ़िया, या काला बाज़ारी को फिर एक बार मौक़ा नहीं मिलना चाहिए। देश स्वच्छ आर्थिक अभियान में आपके साथ है, आप पर उम्मीद लगाए हुए है। जय हिंद।

0 0 RESPECTED MR NARENDRA MODIJI,
I HAVING BUSNESS OF RAILWAYS IRCTC AGENT,
I WOULD LIKE TO SUGESTED FOR RAILWAYS REVANU BY SELLING OF VIP SEATS BEFORE CHARTS PREPAID
BY BOOKING ADD CHREGS OF VIP WITHN 12 HOURS . WHEN NO VIP SEAT ARE NOT ALLOTED DIRECT BY RAIL
ALSO BOOK TKT BY AGENT IN BLOCKING TIME LIKE 10 TO 10.30 AM AND 11 AND 11.30 WILL  BE CHARGEBLE OF RATE OF FARE LIKE 5% TO 20%

0 0 Sir, If a suburban railway commuter wants to buy monthly season ticket costing Rs.85/- or Rs.120/- he or she has to pay Rs.30/- extra as service charge due to swiping his debit/credit card whereas if he buys a reserved ticket the same charges are waived. Kindly look into and waive this swiftly else millions of commuters will be unhappy with #DeMonetisation. They normally buy season tickets during the end/start of the month. Thank you in advance. #MannkiBaat

0 0 Samridh Bharat me mandiro,nadiyo ke ghato,railway station aur aisi sarvjanik jagho per beghar bhookhe logo ki samajik ya sarkari upechha aur unka khule aasmaan ko chhat banane ki majboori hi wah aina hai jisme note bandi ka virodh karne wale vikassheel Bharat ka vartmaan chehra dekh sakte hai.

0 0 *      मै आकाश जायसवाल s/o विरेन्द्र जायसवाल किसानो के हित में निस्वार्थ एवम् सेवा भावना से किसानो के उन्नति के दिशा में मेरा प्रयास है | जो सरकार के मदद से सम्भव हो सकता है |
1.       कृषि में प्रति वर्ष सरकार द्वारा चलाये जाने वाले योजना का लाभ किसानो को नही मिल पाता है और किसानो को हर जगह परेशानी होती है | इन सभी परेशानी को कुछ कम करने का मेरा प्रयास है
पता :- वार्ड न० 1, सुभाष चन्द्रबोस नगर, पिपराइच, गोरखपुर, उत्तर प्रदेश, पिन कोड 273152
mob:- 7275282620

0 0 Respected Modiji,make all digital payments and cards usage tax-free like the current cash usage. Only then people may move  towards digital payments fearlessly. Also bring one-time elections throughout  India soon,to tackle wastage of time,energy and money and improve administration duties.

0 0 Res. Modi ji,  You are reqested to improve the educational system and equalise the education whether Govt. School,college, Institutes or Private School,college, institutes. Please see and do the needful action as soon as possible so poor people's children can study easily ..

0 0 Many school students of our country have a lots of dream of becoming something in their lives and serve for the nation. But due to lack of facilities and lagging economic condition of their family, their dreams just remains dreams and does not become truth. Please introduce some measures to help these children to overcome the current situation in their lives.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am appreciting you efforts for fighting against Black Money/Curruption.I have suggetions for promoting of Digi Transaction:
1) Applied cess for cash transaction of payment of above Rs. 5000.
2) Make compulsory of Digi transaction in all Schools, Colleges, Govt Institutions, Tourist depts,collection of Bill Challan etc. in such public place with cash system will be CCTV.
3)If producing bill/Challan of above Rs.50000 for any payment, Digital transaction will be compulsory.

1 0 The govt have allowed discount in petrol bill if payment is made using electronic medium. But the banks levy commission that exceeds the discount so allowed. Such a situation will persuade people to step back from cashless transactions. Please introduce some measures that would make cashless transactions attractive, not only in petrol filling, but in other cases also. Moreover, technical improvement must be there to ensure cashless transactions flawless and easy.

0 0 Res.Modi ji, there is no educational eligibility criteria for politician? There must be a minimum education criteria. You should introduce a exam for candidate who are going to participate in the election process. There should be a paper of morals, value, ethics and integrity'. There must be a retirement age for politician. Retirement Age may be 65 or 70 years. so please look into my this request.Thx and Regards, Jawahar Paudwal

0 0 ...contd
Our society accepts the misdeeds of fellow citizens just because they are their kith and kin and mostly don't bother with someone else's misfortunes. We should stop being such a callous inconsiderate and self centered people. Let us create resources to listen to each other's pain and to reduce it. Our police should be equipped to do more than just record crimes and forget them. They should be more sensitized to hear out who visits them.

1 0 Respected Sir,
After Demonetisation, if goverment is considering to waive off farmer`s loan then, my suggetions are:1) Only interest will be waived off for 5 years with extention of moratorium period, provided with conditions of 2) cumpulsory adoption of Prime Minister Crop Insurance Scheme and 3) become a member of E-platform of Agriculture Market, 4)member of National Soil Testing facility. So that Farmer will able to pay loan by own income with promise of double thier income by 2022.

0 0 There are huge activity's going to exchange black money at our Ghaziabad Register office (Tahseel).
1. Taking amount in new notes, online transfer & checks but depositing old notes at Tahseel of ghaziabad at the time registery if land by the lawyers.
You are requested to take necessary action against them.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Like you started "Swachha Bharat Abhiyaan", In similar way, can you pls initiate abhiyaan on "Plant Trees, Adopt Trees"
This will really help to protect environment and bring awareness in people on tree plantation. Please share your thought on this idea. Tree plantation is need of the hour.
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov

0 0 ...contd
Loopholes in laws should be sealed so that a criminal can't get away by using victim blaming. Most of the theft cases are dismissed as those of lost / misplaced things. If I find a thing lying unattended, does it mean I can call it my own? No. But this is happening. We all try to wash our hands off crimes in our neighbourhood instead of trying to solve them. And victims are blamed for their loss. This is wrong.

0 0 Hon'ble Sir,
ATTACHED PHOTO OF VICTIMS
1. HOW LONG COMMON PEOPLE WILL BE VICTIMIZED BY THE BAD ELEMENTS OF THE STATE APPARATUS? 
2. HOW LONG INSTITUTIONS WILL PROTECT THESE BAD ELEMENTS OF STATE APPARATUS AND VICTIMIZE THE COMMON PEOPLE?
BELOW LINK SUBSTANTIATES MY ABOVE AVERMENT
http://seniorcitizenrights.blogspot.in/2016/11/is-targeting-senior-citiz...
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/state-apparatus-involved-killing-conman-m...

0 0 Sir, Please appeal to small traders to accept digital payments. There are some issues with small traders regarding the limit cross as prescribed by paytm or other wallets.  The small traders said that big traders are not accepting payments through digital wallets.  For this we all need your intervention and some hard rules .Your idea was very very good and happy to say that now thing are moving towards normal...less ques in bank....
With rgds..

0 0 Sir the incidents of theft have increased in the wake of demonetisation. Big theft of crores is definitely important to solve. We also need to pay attention to smaller crimes. After cashless we should move on to crime less. In many instances the victim is blamed for the event. We should reform the system to focus on deterring criminals instead of long pending cases trying to prove guilty or innocent.

0 0 Dear Sir
This is my idea of "Road Over Bridges without Traffic Signals".
This type of bridges are useful in metro cities with low cost.
Please find the attachment.
Thank you

0 0 Hon'ble Sir,
Your demonetization move against black money is really appreciable.
But small business people are facing difficulties as they do not have POS machines to accept money using card. Not everyone is using smartphones to use wallets like Paytm.Moreover if it is direct card swipe people would readily accept as it shows on their account balance.
I would like to  suggest introducing POS everywhere and educate shopkeepers/vendors in markets about using them.

0 0 sir pls find attached

1 0 Hello Sir,
Why there is no educational eligibility criteria for politician? There must be a minimum education criteria. You should introduce a exam for candidate who are going to participate in the election process. There should be a paper of ''morals, value, ethics and integrity''. There must be a retirement age for politician. Retirement Age may be 60 or 62 years.

0 0 This letter is to inform you regarding the condition of our country in which we can
launch, Pradhan mantri vriddh pension yojana.
As you know that there are more than 11 crore senior citizens in our country, even then our government
just spends 0.032% of GDP for senior citizen, with a small change we can assure that old aged people ,
are not ‘thrown’ in those old aged homes etc. schemes like Indira Gandhi old age pension schemes are
already in existence which have turned out to be a failure

0 0 sir pl stop reservation in govt service as it is army
     pl do some thing for any one working in local private place because
      all time we are afraid for be jobless any time without any notice

0 0 Namastey

0 0 dear sir, before 25 December maan ki baat I want to say some of my opinion about the demonetization for black money issue. Due to this reason there is a uprising and grudge in the mind of people. though it is a problem for the citizen for the limitation in cash withdraw in bank or post offices, I think it is better to keep a certain limitation for withdraw for make a grant success of cashless India. Though we India's people are not aware of online transaction. But people should gradually learn.

0 0 Sir,
We don't want politics on every stage...
Parliament can't do/pass any bill/work/discussion.
We want to change the rule in Parliament.

0 0 Hon'ble Sir,
STATE APPARATUS INVOLVED IN KILLING A CONMAN MAN IN INDIA
RTD JUSTICE MR S.B SINHA IS MASTERMIND BEHIND IT
DO WE HAVE NOT RIGHT TO LIVE?
BELOW LINK IS THE ROAD MAP OF MY ABOVE AVERMENT
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/state-apparatus-involved-killing-conman-m...

0 0 Sir, your step for money demonetizations was creditable, but from today 17/12/16 allowing sansad to deposited money in their account after meeting with Rahool Gadhi yesterday is not appreciable. This indicates that you must have done some kind of settlement regarding Goombara Fattega, as rahul Gandhi said in loksabha/rajsabha. There are lot of gossip on street on your this steps. This steps might be demising your popularity as  peoples saying; but as-per me you must have thought some alternative

1 0 Dear Modi Sir,
your 50 days will be over very shortly and still people facing problem of receiving cash from banks & ATM. It is good step but in india there is many small business there is no digital payment possible. If i want to eat road side food and i also want to pay due by card or any other option but seller don't have any technology that time what we do.
In rural area education level is very low, they don't have any knowledge of digital payment so how the survive for routine needs.

1 0 cashless economy is good idea but.... if want best....then....cyber awarness is compulsory.

0 0 Hon'ble Sir,
THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS 4 ATTACHMENT; IMMINENT DANGER TO LIFE AND LIBERTY OF SENIOR CITIZEN OXYGEN DEPENDENT WOMAN. 
1.DOES THIS CURATIVE PETITION CRIMINAL CASE BEFORE SUPREME COURT OF INDIA NEED CERTIFICATE BY SR. ADVOCATE TO CURE GROSS MISCARRIAGE OF JUSTICE AND TO PREVENT ABUSE OF COURT PROCESS?
2. IS IT NOT A WELL DESIGNED CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY BY THE REGISTRAR SECTION X OF SUPREME COURT OF INDIA?
3.CAN CIC MAINTAIN SILENCE TO INVOKE SECTION 7(1) of RTI ACT 2005?

0 0 आदरणीय PM जी प्रणाम,
कृपया अटैच्ड जपेजी फाइल को ओपन करके देखे.शब्दो की संख्या अधिक होने के कारण अटैच्ड किया गया है.
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Dear sir,
There should be a written test for all M.P , MLA, like I.A.S and I.P.S .because they r the real policy maker for our  Country. They should have wide knowledge on every subject. If not possible than at least they must be a SCIENCE Graduate.

0 0 Adharniya pradan mantri ji mai ek choti si ganva se hoo .mera khaT ye hai ki paddayi ke bare mai mera padhahi sirf 15 se thak huvi hai .aur agya padhaihi karune ke liya paise nahi hai pradhan mantri ji .padhahi kare to usuke liya bahoot apisa laguta hai .city me ek ek college ka donation puche te 15lakh 20lakh 30lakh se badukar hai. mera apuse vinati hai ki app hamare india me donation ke bare me kucha action leliya to bahuta garib logo ke liay acha ho tha hai sir .aise hi rahe to garibrahate.

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Salaried employees best investment option is EPF/PPF. In the present these intrest rates have very low. If can improving these investment intrest rates, then they can be taking good returns after retirement and they are money can no effecting that time of inflation.

1 0 नमस्कार आपकी योजनाओ के क्रियान्वयन में सबसे बड़ी बाधा अफसर है उन्हें दण्डित करने की सख्त आवश्यकता है

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Please speech about your actions and initiatives for PSU manufacturering sectors development. And who's PSU manufacturering sectors Can have production off load /have low orders, then diversify the orders from who's have more orders to who's have low orders and give defence and railway orders to seeking PSU companies for strengthening to PSU manufacturering sectors.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी बैंकिंग सिस्टम में व्याप्त भ्रष्टाचार और कैशलेस पेमेंट को बढ़ावा देने हेतु आपको एक पत्र pdf के रूप में संलग्न कर रहा ,आपके प्रत्युत्तर का इन्तेजार रहेगा | #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 मेरठ में पोस्ट ऑफिस द्वारा पब्लिक प्रोविडेंट फण्ड और अन्य खातों में भुगतान के लिए चेक स्वीकार नहीं कर रहे हैं और नकद भुगतान के लिए जोर दे रहे हैं! यह स्थिति लगभग आठ महीने से चल रही है! जब उन्हें सरकार की कैशलेस योजना के बारे में कहा तो भी उन्होंने चेक क्लीयरिंग की समस्या बताकर चेक नहीं लिया! यह घटना ३ नवम्बर और पुनः ३० नवम्बर को मेरे साथ हुई है! पूर्व में पिछले अठारह वर्षों से हम चेक से ही भुगतान करते आ रहे थे! अब क्यों सके नहीं लिए जा रहे हैं? इसका कोई समाधान है क्या?
अनिल गुप्ता
मेरठ

1 0 महोदय प्रणाम,
  दिव्यांग जन के कल्याणार्थ नवीन विधेयक देर से ही सही किन्तु दोनों सदनों में पारित कराने के लिए कोटिशः धन्यवाद।
अब अपेक्षा है की इस अधिनियम की वही दुर्दशा ना हो जो 1995 के अधिनियम का हो रहा है।
आशा ही नहीं वरन् पूर्ण विश्वास है कि आप दिव्यांग जन को उनका अधिकार व सम्मान प्राप्त करने में कोई अड़चन नहीं आएगी।

0 0 #JusticeDelayedIsJusticeDenied When we are talking about DIGITAL INDIA at the same time our judiciary system can't be this much slow.
Please look into the matter ,we can't wait for 10 years to have right of our own land/property & there is no other civil way provided by Indian Judiciary.

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Please introduce " Vayojan vidhya " to our Indian uneducated elders for develop digital India Diji dhan payments.

0 0 narendra modi ji namaskar
sir ji
sub: request for pension for after 2004 join in govt employees - reg
it is bring to few lines for u r kind consideration, sir we were join in 2004 in govt sectors but we don't have pension, but we r servicing 25 yeras,but indian people r electing MP,MLA's for ruling the govtment for 5 years, after completion of 5 years they are getting pension for life time, so plz give me pension to govt employees after join in 2004
thank you sir,

0 0 narendra modi ji namaskar
sir ji
       sub: request for pension for after 2004 join in govt employees - reg
      it is bring to few lines for u r kind consideration, sir we were join in 2004 in govt sectors but we don't have pension, but we r servicing 25 yeras,but indian people r electing MP,MLA's for ruling the govtment for 5 years,  after completion of 5 years they are getting pension for life time, so plz give me pension to govt employees after join in 2004
thank you sir,

1 0 સર , ભરસ્તાચાર ને અટકાવાનો ખુબજ સરળ અને સહેલો રસ્તો દક્ષિણ ની ફિલમ માં આપ્યો છે કૅ એમએમએસ મોકલો અને તમારી સમસ્યાનું તરત
નિરકણ મેડવો સર એ ફિલમ ની લિન્ક https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxLzn_RhhC8
 છે એમાં ૧:૩૯:૪૪ થી જોજો સર આમાં ખાલી આપની ૫ મીનટ  ની જરૂર છે આજના સમય માં લગભગ બધાજ લોકો પાસે મોબાઇલ ની સુવિધા છે અટલે આ ઉપાય ખુબજ ઉપયોગી બનસે.સર આમા ફકત આપની ૫ મિનિટ ની જરૂર છે.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to bring into your notice the no. of pending cases in India as well as in Gujarat,any civil case (in particular)when registered in court at least takes minimum 10 years to reach to a solution which in most of case is a compromise between both the parties.Here I have also attached a column from paper showing list of pending cases in India.
#JusticeDelayedIsJusticeDenied#MannKiBaat

0 0 Manniye Pradhan mantry sahab aapne to gajab dohri niti khel rahe hai janta ke kamai par tex lagega lekin nete ke kali kamai par koe tex nahi lagega ye bat aapko es liye likh raha hu ki hamne pahle bale ko chor aur aapko desh aur janta ka bhala krne bala samjha tha lekin aapki bhi sarkar wahi janta ke lutere nikle garib janta ke paise ka hishab chahiye aur nete ke paise ka koe hisab nahi chahi,atah aapse aagrah hai ki aap maan ki bat me aap eska bhi jikr kre taki log aapki bhabnao ko samajh sake?

0 0 महोदय,
अपना भारतवर्ष अभी झेल रहे उर्जा समस्या का हल मैं सादर कर रहा हॅूं. कृपया संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का अवलोकन किजीऐ...
धन्यवाद !
राजेश नृपनारायण
7741960398
nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 I wrote a suggestion for our great PM Mann Ki Baat for December 2016

0 0 Respected Sir ,
Being a Software engineer and been to different counties i always wanted my country to be digitized and i appreciate your effort on this from bottom of my heart.
We know kids are the future of the country we should be Nurturing The Creative Mind Of Our Future Change Makers.
The computer education should be introduced in all the government primary schools from class 4 and 5 .
These kids can put an impact in their families.
Thanks
Satya
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

1 0 Dear Modiji time is running out soon for demonetization deadlines. There are still long queues and need of cash before India adopts more payment digitization. Please open a scheme Of Pradhan Mantri Guptchar Abhinandan wherein you may   reward people who give specific information of black money and black asset hoarders so that authorities may do more raids and seizures to overcome cash crunch with long queues. You may choose to reward without disclosing identity of people at say 0.01%.

0 0 Modi ji Aapne political parties ko kyun bahar nikal diya demonetization se...jab parties ke paas se chanda ke paise lenge toh unke sources ka bhi pata chal jaayega...

0 0 महोदय,
अपने भारतवर्ष में सालो-साल चल रहे कोर्ट केस के बारे में मैं मेरी राय सादर कर रहा हूँ.  कृपया संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का अवलोकन किजीऐ...
धन्यवाद !
राजेश नृपनारायण
7741960398
nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 महोदय,
	आज की युवा पिढी के सहाय्य के लिऐ मैं Exam Smart Card की के बारे में मेरी एक स्कीम सादर कर रहा हूँ. कृपया संलग्न पीडीएफ फाईल का अवलोकन किजीऐ...
धन्यवाद !
राजेश नृपनारायण
7741960398
nrupnarayan2009@rediffmail.com
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 For any advertisement or any message to people like generally we see various posters for betterment of people includes what not to do. Like if we take simple example of do not spit in public places etc. or no parking, do not park your bike here...
All above messages are with what we should not do.  Instead of that if message tell us what we should do then it will give more impact.  Like instead of do not park here we can say keep place for travelling of other vehicle,

1 0 Request PM to ask Gas cylinders delivery and railway ticket booking, all electricity bills, all local municial bus passengor transport, all tax firms payments through debit cards should be given some cashback offer to get join more people to join in digital india. All banks in India to be asked to give debit cards to all customers immediately.

0 0 Please make it a two way interaction website. It feels like people are giving their suggestions, feedback ,solution but no one is listening on other side. at-least fix a group of authorities who can reply personally to each submission whether that is taken into consideration or not?, whether that will be included in his speech or not, how was the idea, is that feasible? and why not?. PLZ REPLY BACK

0 0 Dear Modiji, we need a portal or app where we may see service performance of your secretaries. Whenever we raise grievance and ticket is closed we get the option to rate the performance and provide feedback. We want you to display the overall performance of these secretaries. Then you will get a chance to know who are low performers and don't deserve to be in your team. Please do this to raise service standards and performance.

0 0 Faith and only Faith on our PM reagrding demonetisation has kept everyone tolerant and patient in the bank and ATM qeues. But things are spiralling out of control. 500 Rs. notes have not yet been rolled out nor are there any 100 Rs. notes available. No matter how frequently debit cards and paytm's are used, Cash is still required to carry out routine activities. Will surely hate to see intolerance creep up on the streets. Please speed up the process of currency disbersal especially 500 and 100.

0 0 Suggestion towards Swachch Bharat Abhiyan attached.

0 0 Direct letter to the prime minister only.......

0 0 Dear PM sir
Please speech about digital transaction development in all ways of India and government how much amount can recovered from Demonisation.

0 0 Respected sir, I am very much thankfulto you for giving me the opportunity to share my ideas

0 0 2-2: That Bio-metric machine will be connected with EVM and activation of EVM for voting will depend upon the tag of Bio-metric and will be activated for only one vote and repeat.
Best wishes for making India Great again.
Thanks and Regards
Adityanshu Pandey
9560093337

0 0 Dear PM sir
Every year 25th December have Christmas day and your 27th episode of Mann Ki Baat program also consider that day(25th-December).
  So please give Christmas wishes message to all. And explain how to giving subsides and trea of welfare to minorities/Christians. And give speech about ways of development it's communities. And explain opportunities of startups of this communities for development.

0 0 Respected Sir
I would like to suggest that gov. should connect Voter-ID with aadhar card and make compulsory for voting (Anyone can Vote by their AADHAR), We can put a bio-metric machine at every voting centers and tag every voter with their finger prints. It will prevent the bogus voting and will bring more transparency in voting system 1/2.
This will provide data of accurate no of real voter and by comparing with census data we can identify that how many people have not AADHAR or Voter-Id.

0 0 इनकम टैक्स भरने की प्रक्रिया है वो बहोत कठिन है उसे और आसान बनाइये .

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री. मोदी जी आपको प्रणाम
हमें आप पे गर्व है की इंडिया को आपके जैसा सशक्त प्रधानमंत्री मिला है.
इस बार आप हर बैंक से निवेदन कीजिए की हर छोटे बड़े व्यापारी की स्वैप मशीन उपलब्ध की जाए ताकि कैशलेस इकॉनमी की बढ़ावा मिले.
और एक बात हर कोई राजकीय पार्टी हो उसको इनकम टैक्स लागु किया जाये उनके राशि पर , साथ साथ राईट टू इनफार्मेशन के दायरे में भी हर कोई पार्टी आणि चाहिए.
सिर्फ एक आप ही हो की ये काम कर शके क्यों की जनता आपके साथ है.
जय हिन्द.

0 0 I am really impressed by your bold moves like demonetization which I fully support.  One suggestion:
I wonder why Gross Receipts in hands of Political Parties are not Taxed. Let all the political parties do some nation building by paying upfront 30% - 35% Tax on Gross receipts of donations. It does not matter how these donations are coming , in cash or in cheque. Doesn't matter whether these donations are coming out of black money or white money.Am convinced that nobody would object to this.

0 0 why not to include all these in school curriculum instead of those alpha,beta,gamma?
another question which required urgent attention is?
1) why duration of winter session is not flexible...it should be like parliament will discuss on atleast "10 topics" only after that session will be closed.
2)why political parties are being exempted from tax scrutiny and are reluctant from coming under RTI.

2 0 Good After Noon sir,
Please find the attachment of new initiative cashless poem.....
if any mistake please forgive me
thank you so much

0 0 How long we expect our PM to teach us about Digital transactions?It is the job of a teacher.But in all schools these smartphones are banned.So should PM of a country take upon himself to teach its citizens about
1)Digital financial transaction
2)how to behave on social media
3)how to react to cyber bullying, trolling, hacking
4)where to report in case of meeting with a cybercrime
5)Are our police force who are recruited after testing their running speed are being trained to handle cyberatc

0 0 Any steps taken for educate the rural people to use the digital payments......

0 0 Dear Sir,  
One simple suggestion for twin problem of unemployment and corruption. Any unemployed person complains against a corrupt bureaucrat and if proven correct, he should get a job and the bureaucrat should lost his job. All new recruits to government should be only from this pool.  
Regards to Demonetisation, please explain in your next Man Ki Baat, why are you soft on corrupt politicians and bureaucrats. Many businesses have been raided not a single politician or bureaucrat.  Why?

0 0 Advantage of online payment and protect from fraud on the use of ATM

1 0 Another area of Attention by our PM MODI JI should be "HIGH QUALITY EDUCATION IN COLLEGES AND SCHOOLS." because even top IITs rank at 200th position in world..This is not a good sign for better future... promoting world class education is also more important like DIGITAL INDIA....Even those days we see more and more Entrepreneurs coming up but with TOP LEVEL EDUCATION we can make more successful Entrepreneurs...

0 0 Kindly Have a look sir thanks

0 0 Sir, Law for terrorist:- they should be encounter immediately after cot and proven, they should not be kept in jail for long time which causing huge expenses for government.

0 0 We hail for a corruption free India like our PM with diligence....with due respect i would like to give my idea to govt. to strictly announce cashless means as the only pay for all Colleges & Schools across India...money collected in name of college Admission fees "Donations" have to be staunched...this way curbing black money can be way more easier and will be our simpler strides to a more Digitized India...

0 0 Sir, Need more simpler APP to interact with you, Aadhar Card Number + Email ID would be sufficient to log-in, because it has got all personal information.

0 0 Sir, Showing of love affairs in picture/movies and serials should not be encouraged. This is spoiling joint family traditions and ultimately suffers by old parents. Require sensor board to look on this matter.

0 0 we see long lines in atm and sometimes every day in longline after some people take  some people take money there are some people who keep standing on queue and get to know that money is empty  and then some clashes happen, there is wastage of time for some people for each transacttion, ATM shows how many money and notes left in atm then there could be saving of time for atleast 25 percent of people who just returns empty handed. i hope this idea could be implemnted for certain days

0 0 Pranam pm ji .SOME MY VIEW AS1.LEVEL OF SCHOOL QUALITY AS PRIVATE SCHOOL AND FEE AS GOVERNMENT. 2.ALL INDIAN CITIZENS GOTTED MEDICAL AS 5 LACS AND ACCIDENTAL INSURANCE ONE CRORE UNDER RS 3000 PER MONTHS. IT MUST BREAK UNWANTED WORK.THANKS ASHOK TIWARI LEGAL ADVISER VARANASI U.P.

1 0 Sir, Next coming election in UP AND PUNJAB: BJP might single party majority in states. If BJP insure abolish 3-time TALAK, and making uniform law in India which is every Indian wants especially Muslim women’s. (HIS WILL HELP GETTING 50-60% MUSLIM VOTE and 90% other cast votes.)

0 0 respected sir, we BKL Walawalkar Hospital situated at small village of maharashtra named Dervan at Ratnagiri district happy to informed you that to support your demonetization decision we decided to give free treatment to patients up to Rs.20000.00 ,no hospital charges ,no medicine charges would be charged .this decision gives befits to more than 1500 patients.
our hospital situated at hilly region, peoples are very poor ,due to these decision this poor patients are benefited.we are with you

0 0 sir you told use card or netbanking but no one use in my city how can i utilize this oppurtunity sir

1 0 education mattar look it.

0 0 Sir, After demonetizations crooked person has able to convert his black money from railway, Hospitel, petrol pump and other place where there was allowed to operate with 500 & 1000 notes. It is required to demonetization of old note 100 & 50 at your suitable time, without much delay.

0 0 If you're allowing this sir then i'm very sorry to say it's a very BAD move ... any political party can deposit hell lots of money in the name of "RAM,SHYAM,MADAN,MOHAN" etc and amount won't be exceed more then 20k and you know that. Then WHY?
I thought your next step would be "SAB EK SAMAAN" either NETA or AAM AADMI why are you giving freebies to all NETA's i want to know "AISA KYA KAR DIYA UNHONE" if you want and i mean it if you really want to make INDIA better u need to treat people as same

0 0 Dear Pradhan Mantri Ji,
When you have started "Clean India", one of the Indian have suggested for the "Kuda-dan"/"Toilet" should be available every public place, you are very happy to announce the same but "NO ACTION" taken for this till date. These things are happening in paper only, please take some ground reality also.Without ground reality,How we will reach destination if we are missing such a small suggestions. This shows that your "Man Ki Baat" is not properly taken by your official.

0 0 @ regarding loot in J & K Bank, required to deployed arm force in civil dress around all J&K bank will enable to save money and arrest or kill terrorist.

0 0 Respected Sir, Can you please share your thoughts why all political parties exempted from Tax and why these parties allowed to turn black money to white? Why different laws for common public and parties.I was with the decision when you announced demonetization but now huge disappointment by allowing Tax exception for parties..Always public have to suffer..All public depressed with this news...Now I can say except Sardar Patel and Shastri Ji all netas are same..

0 0 Retain Innovative talent:-  To develop India, we need people who are innovative and productive and that need to be incentivized. One simple step is change taxing employee stock option as part of income to long-term capital gains. The other is remove all forms tax on employee perquisites.  I am sure the loss of revenue from this is negligible compared to benefits. Thanks - Ignesius

0 0 @narendramodi Congrats sir for you efforts...but now i've a problem with you... yesterday i was fighting for you with my friends regarding demonetisation but when i heard that you allow Political Parties depositing the demonetised Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in their accounts will not face income tax investigation. You're saying that "If it's deposited in the account of political party then it's excempted now my question is WHY? Don't you see sir what happened in BANKS ..

0 0 The portal of Centralized Public Grievance Redress and Monitoring System is working well only for the grievance and complaints related to the central ministries and department only,for The Grievances related to state governments the status showing still pending even after one year. This should be monitored.
The portal should've to facilitate public with an account so that people don't have to remember their complaint No., password and see all the complaints in single window for convenience.

0 0 Save India :-  Respected Sir,  In the last 30 years, we have completed destroyed our earth and waters with pesticides and chemicals.  There is no longer any original fish in our waters and earth is dying due to chemicals.  We will progress towards a set of zombies live on western medicines.  Please take action and ban chemical pesticides and manure. Restore traditional farming that survived 1000s of years -  Thanks - Ignesius

0 0 Dear Pradhan mantri Ji,
Please make the same rule for public and political party as you are mentioning everywhere i am "Pradhan Sevak" then other party member are "public Sevak". So How "Sevak" will get special privilege. It should be same for everyone. We are "One Indian" then how rules are changed. Please rethink and take some hard decision which which is beneficial first for country then for political party and public. This decision is very unsatisfactory, please take decision like 8 Nov2016

0 0 All former's are facing the currency problem. Please solve it otherwise govt will not lead next elections

0 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINSTER SIR
I HAVE SUBMITTED MY THOUGTH TO YOU PLEASE READ IT AND IMPLIMENT IF SETISFACTORY.

0 0 EN mamalo ko bhi koi utawage kya.

0 0 Near about 30% income spend on child education & helth of all family member beacouse of  poor services of government hospitals & poor education of government schools
therefor people take services from private hospital & schools, their fees are very high beacouse of no controll on their rule regulation of government, so please make solution of its problem

0 0 Honorable PM, Namaste:
Sir, this is with reference to submitting my ideas for Good Governance.
When we talk about Good Governance we only look for improvements within State at micro level.
If we can implement the same in order to run the parliamentary proceedings it will reap benefits in near future: (Please refer the attachment for more details).

0 0 sir,
    hum aap se shikayate karte h. par en ka result nhi aata h.
  pmo office se shikayate sated govermant ke pass aati h, aur wha se kohi karwahi nhi hoti h.
       sir please kuch to kro.
please read it this problam and than action quikali.
sir only one call at this mattar.

0 0 Sir,
My suggestion is to there should be educational chapter for students on Digital payments so that the new generation can learn about cash less transactions in their school days.
Also it should be compulsory for school children to have student account so that children's will learn to save money in bank account.
Thank You.

0 0 Dear Modiji,
I have enclosed my suggestions in the enclosed PDF, this is regarding upbringing of the Town's and Villages to eradicate corruption,poverty and encourage education and contribution to overall development of the country.
Thank You,
Arun

0 0 kya en loga ke baare me sarkar kuch kareghi.

0 0 Please give some assurance to our citizen who are living in America (under H1B visa).Or Talk something about that issue.Thank You...

1 0 The Himalayan task of creating cashless economy in India can be achieved only by educating and empower ordinary village citizens as early as possible. We should remove initial technology fear from people's mind and practically make them to do the transactions. Just by media advertisement or classes it wont achieved. Self Organised Learning Environment (SOLE) is practically proven method in educating village people. One Library Per Village www.olpv.org is an ideal solution. PFA

0 0 sir
me ak oil agancy lena chata hu, es ke liye muje 10 lakha rupay ki jarurat h.sarkar ki konsi yojana ke tahat muje rupay meel sakte h,kya aap muje bata sakte ho.
mo.9610401376
mail id.ramveer.kumawat@gmail.com

2 0 Dear PM,
Before I raise my question and concern as an Indian, I would like to tell you that I am very happy and feeling proud with your decision of demonetization.
Now I heard that you have decided to exempt all political parties from tax inspection. This is something unexpected and as a common man who is paying tax on every single paisa, I am disappointed with this decision of yours.
Can you please publicly speak on this, why you took this decision ? Is this decision not in your hands?

0 0 Govt should declare that cash payments can be made at any shop only upto Rs.50/-perday and above Rs.50/- on any occasion must be through card or online payment only, so that 2000/500 notes are not at all required and rupee value will be come equal to US Dollar. This is open challenge to PM. This will also shut the brains of all opposition leaders/black money holders.

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
भारत के उत्तम भविष्य के लिए देशवासियों का शिक्षित होना बहुत ही आवश्यक है। शिक्षा के अभियान देशहित में उत्कृष्ट प्रभाव नहीं डाल पाए। आपसे अनुरोध है कि 100 प्रतिशत साक्षरता मिशन को ले आएं जिससे अन्तर्राष्ट्रीय स्तर पर हमारा भारत एक पहचान बनाए।
25 दिसम्बर जोकि महामना मालवीय जी की जन्म तिथि है, इस अवसर पर शिक्षा के इस मिशन को देशवासियों को समर्पित करने की कृपा करें।
सर्वशिक्षा की राजधानी काशी की धरती से अगर इसकी शुरुआत हो जाए तो वाकई यह सोने पर सुहागा होगा।
।।जय हिन्द।।

0 0 Sir,
I enclosed my opinion about black money, Professional tax, Minimum wages & PF etc.

0 0 Aur education pe dhyan kayde se na dene ka saaf reason ye hai ki srkare hmesa se janti rhi hai ki ye bchhe hmara vote bank nhi hai.. so plz modi Ji aapse ye ummed hai ki jha aap hr area me behtr change la rhe wha sbse imp education me bhi bhari bdlaav krenge jiski hmare Des ko bhut jrurt hai.10th pass hone pe laptop bata jata hai jbki research kr rhe students ko fellowship b tym pe nhi milti. Km educated logo ko yha ki gov permanent teacher bnati hai jbki qualified road pe degree leke ghoom rhe.

1 0 Regarding
1-GUTKA BANDHI (Tobacco)
2-Monopoly of doctors in hospital
3_arrange digital India programme in rural areas
4_regarding ADHD child's

0 0 Dear, Modiji,
I enclosed my opinion about Black money, Professional Tax, Labour & PF etc.

0 0 Sir,Please download the attachments.
Dr.Rajnish Kumawat
M-9414562404

0 0 Dear sir, aapse request hai ki education ke hr level pe fairly work kiya jae. Hr level pe specifically u.p me to curreption peak pe hai. Form ki keemt 1000 se  2000 fir exam poora 1 saal baad aur result to bhool hi jaeye aa bhi gya to interview hoga nhi aur hua to usme koi lakho ki baat krta hai. So plz sir sadhard privar ke bchhe pdh ke jha job ki tlas me daud lga rhe whi unki age is trh ki process me nikl jati hai.exmple ke your pe 2011 ki primary ki vacancy u.p me abhi tk chl rhiplz do smthin

2 0 Dear PM
Cashless Transactions are not so easy in India.
First of all Government has to declare that some amount for example 50,000 and above all transactions should be done cashless only through banks, cheques or any medium.
Next few years reduce the margin of amount to 30,000 or any amount.
Like that only people can adopt the cashless transaction system step-by-step.
Thank you Sir

0 0 Dear shri. Modiji
     Maharashtra is a progressive state and our education is well known but still today not a single rupee scholarship is recd by the any category student or colleges even though central Govt. has given amount in the month of may or june,causing 5 to 6 months salaries are pending of the teaching and  non teaching staff,great problem of survival & quality of education,pl. do needful at an earliest possible.

0 0 मैं इंजीनिरिंग स्टूडेंट अनिल बुद्धसेनपटेल देवास म.प्र. निवासी ने भारत भारत स्वच्छता अभियान की लघु फिल्म समारोह (NFDC )के लिया डोर टू डोर कचरा संग्रहण देवास  म.प्र. नगर  निगम की स्कीम पर फिल्ममोदीजी के स्वच्छता प्रोग्राम की पूर्ण सफालता के हेतु हमारी इस फिल्म ,को स्वच्छता प्रोग्राम में जनता को प्रेरित, करने के लिए समलित करने का  निवेदन श्रीमान माननीय नरेंद्र मोदीजी से करता हु|
फिल्म की YouTube  लिंक
https://youtu.be/PqBvt20wce0

0 0 PM ji, this is my second message on demonetization. Even tough I support this move to eradicating black money and fake currency, I am unable to understand government's soft corner on political parties who are allowed to turn in old notes to new without Income tax scrutiny. Which i feel will allow black money holders to convert new notes by paying commission to political parties which includes politicians. Already this decision started receiving negative impact on you personally. jaihind

2 0 Only youth of  our nation fully understand and help others to understand the Demonetisation. Please reach out to youth of our nation .
I think our govt can do more for reach out to Indian youths . Make them lnvolve more .
Attract more youth for work for you. I know many talented youth willing to help good govt like yours but don't know how. Let us help the govt .

1 0 Dear modi sir, Demonetisation may bring negative impact on govt . For an example the 'brexit'  vote , in which people of UK choose to leave EU (European union) with out knowing the consequences for the same. After that people of UK searching what is EU .
I hope citizen of India who living in villages of India may suffer from Demonetisation and thought bad about govt for doing this because they don't have sufficient knowledge and technology.
Only youth of  our nation fully understand this.

0 0 Sir, Even after 1 month, cash distribution thru bank is still an issue. My suggestion is, let all the banks disclose their cash distribution in each and every branch on a daily basis. This will give the public a confidence and will result in hoarding money by individuals in anticipation of crisis. Private banks can do better as in our place none of private bank's ATM is working. We need to do something to counter the fear among the people

0 0 Dear Modiji,
            Pl. make it compulsory for any advertisement to mention the price or cost of the product advertised under MRTP act, so that no person will be cheated by the company.

0 0 विनम्र निवेदन है की मैं Enginner Electrinocs & Communication  अनिल बुद्धसेन पटेल  देवास म.प्र. देश की पहली हिंदी  स्लोगन सोशल वेबसाइट www.hindislogans.com  का फाउंडर व संचालन करता हु |माननीय प्रधानमंत्री के कालेधन भ्रस्टाचारBlack Money  के समूल  नाश के उठाये गए कदम की प्रशंशा करता हु| स्वतंत्र भारत के इतिहास में आपका यह कार्य स्वर्ण अक्षरो में लिखा जायेगा| स्मरण रहे आपके इस कार्य का राष्ट्र को अत्यंत दूरगामी  समय तक  का फायदा मिलेगा|

0 0 Dear Modiji,
This is regarding Demonetization scheme you announced it on 8th nov.All peoples of India supported u except politician & politic parties because u personally promised that this is for removing black money from market & will cause problem for 50 days and after that u will give dream India. now u are telling that political party can deposit old 500& 1000 notes as much as they want and no tax & question will be raised on parties this is this is not correct.

0 0 Greetings to All on this platform, I offer my appreciation to all participating members discussing for the improvement of our great country, and would like to thank Union government for providing such a platform. 
I want to share an Idea Regarding #IR17 Accidents at unmanned level crossing, For this idea to be submitted in proper manner, I need a team so anyone interested in #IR17 should contact me. I am looking for Mechanicaland Electronic engineering student or professional.

1 0 Dear Modi Ji,
I am Ankur Sharma, I have an idea for Road tolling system through which we can convert our toll systems cashless.
Currently toll road plaza authority provide toll passes on monthly basis which not efficient for the traveler, because if I have a monthly pass and i didnt passes through toll road for a month, then my full amount present in the card is fully lapsed. So toll systems have the facility to provide toll passes like metro smart cards. and i have an idea to implement this

0 0 sir families of those locality have oldest documents which will show that they are been harressed by those officers.

0 0 sir, Iknew that you will strictly interfere in this matter and the justice will be done to us. sir, sorry to disturbed you but this is the face your government , and I had also affected a large and no space for atleast for studies had been left, sir , please say how I can become an IAS OFFICER if such situation will be there.

0 0 Sir,
India's food Processing industry is growing rapidly, at the same time our cities are choking due to increasing waste especially non-biodegradable house hold waste. Its my suggestion that the Garbage collection mechanism(eg via MCD) should educate people to separate biodegrades and plastics at their home and at the collection itself there would be a segregation .Secondly people should carry a Bag while shopping for their daily need.Its a good habit. This would reduce the use of polybag.

0 0 My opinion is to now develop our agriculture sector across the nation, so the commodity prices get control with enough production and distribution. Now days more of us indulge in earning money, but it should be production. Our GDP percentage will be the higher for economy growth. Government should take steps to attract people in agriculture sector.

0 0 Sir,each student is waiting for your reaction on Reservation in Education should beup removed.
You are the powerful person of our country and only you can do it.You rise your hand aginst it and all indian will support you.
At last sir I AM WAITING FOR YOUR REACTION.I AM THE STUDENT OF THIS COUNTRY AND MY FUTURE IS IN YOUR HAND AND you said that - FUTURE OF INDIA IS IN THE HANDS OF STUDENTS.

0 0 respected sir, there is a great misunderstanding between  state and central government which effect the lives of the poor people at large. if they will work with proper understanding then the balance will occur for poor people . sir on 1 jan,2016 the entire locality nearby , vithalwadi railway station  named sanjay gandhi nagar,consist of 70 to 80 families who work 24 hours to earn their bread had lost their livelihood due to misunderstanding of  municipal corporation and railway government.

0 0 Dear Modiji,
I want you to suggest about toll system. Toll should be collected from all vehicles but daily crores of petrol and diesel get wasted at toll naka during filling of toll. so, i request you to kindly start a system at toll naka where automatically through a electronic device fitted on vehicles money will be automatically deducted from vehicle owner account. This will help to reduce the oil wastage and more important pollution will be reduced. kindly look into this matter.

0 0 கருப்புபணத்தை ஒழிக்கிறேனு சொல்லிட்டு அத்தனை கோடீஸ்வர தொழிலதிபர்களும் புதிய2000,1000ரூபாய் தாளை கட்டுக்கட்டாக வாங்கி குவிக்கிறாங்க வங்கியிலிருந்து. ஆனால் அவர்களிடம் வேலை பார்க்கும் ஊழியர்களுக்கு மட்டும் ரொக்கமாக பழைய 500,1000ரூபாய தந்து வங்கியில மாற்றவைத்து சாமானிய மக்களையும் தேசத்துரோகியா மாற்றும் சூழ்நிலையை உருவாக்கியதில் உங்கள் பங்குதான் அதிகம் மாண்புமிகு பாரதப்பிரதமர் அவர்களே.கட்சியோ நிதிகளுக்கெல்லாம் விதிவிலக்கு பழைய 500,1000தாளை மாற்றுவதில். இல்லைனா நாட்டில யாரும் கட்சி நடத்தமுடியாது அதான.

0 0 MR PM,cheque or rtgs can be made compulsory for purchase of vehicles/property/any payment  above 50000
Govt must be digitalizing all the registries so that benami proporties can be filtered with ease
if the lpg distributor also start taking e payment that would boost the payment significantly
new mobile operators are giving sim by aadhar authentication just by connecting a simple finger print scanner in smartphone if similar way digi payment can be done than pos requirement can be dropped

0 0 Dear Sir,
As per new companies act, 2013 it is mandatory for the eligible companies to spend certain eligible amount as a part of CSR activity, if certain percentage of such amount is made compulsory to spend for the welfare of farmers and to improve the agriculture( for the activities like soil testing, providing irrigation facilities, providing cold storage rooms, educating the farmers in respect of insurance, leverage) in our country. since farmers are the backbone to our country.

1 0 I am not against any category.
Why I am against it because this reservation system was strated to rise poor people and give people their right but Nowadays in every category many families are poor.
-Education is the root of development for any country, this RESERVATION SYSTEM had broken the backbone of our country.
-our country will not develop,if this system is not removed.
-According to this system deserving person should not get higher education,a good job , a good post in any department.

0 0 Pf widrawl from epfo , at today is also more complicated
We hear about uan portal easy Ness but private employer do not follow strictly rules
What we do for himself amount face the waiting system  paper full formalities

0 0 Dear Modiji,
The pollution & global warming are concerning, if it continues in same phase, the next generation will definitely suffer. So, Please make renewable energy mandatory in industries. In present days the ROI of renewable systems varies in the range of around 3 to 8 years. Means only problem is Payback/ROI as industries are looking for ROI of 1-2 years. So, to solve this issue,at least you could facilitate loan facility from banks at low interest to reduce huge captive investment.

0 0 Sir,I want to express my thoughts on Reservation in Education.
-Nowadays in every cast a number of families are poor.
-A child who born in a POOR GENERAL category family and if want to gain higher education in  any field he have to face this giant monster of Reservation.This is curse for General.Take a example of IIT JEE  EXAM ,cut off for General is about 105 marks and for ST and SC category about 45 to 50.accordingly our system a poor general student having 104 marks is not eligible.

0 0 GOOD morning PM SIR,
myself Gayatri mishra
r/q sir I want to say that reservation in education & job sector is not right.A person who belong to st/sc cate. got 33%/40% selected in compitative exam, but a person who belong to general cate. got 55/60% ,not selected in banking examination because of reservation.Sir who do good work 33%'s candidate or 55%'s candidate.Fees revervation 100RS FOR ST/SC,600 for general cate. 10yr relex.for st/sc. SIR education reservation is not right.

0 0 DearSir,
With due respect i would like to suggest a novel idea to curb unemployment. I suggest to convert the three shift system to four shift system by reducing the working hour per shift from 8  to  6 with no reduction in salary. This will definitely generate 25% more employment. On the other hand, people will also get some time to spend with their children  or family and feel more satisfied with life. Thankyou..

0 0 As a part of demonetisation, you are requesting each and every indian to step into the cashless transactions, but not providing the swiping machines to any of the shopkeepers in every village/town/city. You should take immediate step to provide POS machines to all shopkeepers on war-foot basis. This will help everybody and the long ques before ATMs will also surely disappear. Without providing swiping machines to the shops, there is no meaning in requesting the public to go for card payments.

0 0 MODIJI KALA DHAN KAB AYEGA?MALYA AUR LALIT MODI KO KAB LAYENGE?S

0 0 modi ji hamare yaha ganv me sadak ni hai,banti hai jaldi ukhad jati hai,sarkari sansthano ki halat dayaniy hai,sare sarkario sansadhan keval shaHRI AUR UCHCHA VARG KE LOGO KO HI MIL PATI HAI

0 0 While joining MS in Singapore, Singapore Govt is taking bond/agreement to work there for minimum 3 years compulsorily, but after completion of course, they are not giving any employment and the children need to stay there unemployed for a minimum of 6 months because of dead-slow process of their employment, which is a high burden on the middle income group indians. For this, kindly request Singapore Govt to provide atleast a min of 1500SGD/month as unemployment stipend to them or to give job.

0 0 नमस्कार मोदी जी, आपको भ्रष्टाचार के खिलाफ लडाई कै लिये बहुत बहुत बधाई। नोट बन्दी के बाद देश की जनता को परेशानी तो हुईं है परन्तु ये परेशानी ६७ साल से भ्रष्टाचार ओर काले धन से परेशान जनता के लिये कम ही हैं| आपने भ्रष्टाचार और काले धन के खिलाफ जो अभियान आरम्भ किया है उसमें देश कि जनता आपके साथ खड़ी हैं। मेरा आपके लिये एक छोटा सुझाव हैं। काला धन ओर भ्रष्टाचार क़े खिलाफ डिजिटल क्रांति का अहम योगदान रहेगा। परंतु जब तक यह क्रांति गाँवों तक नहीं पहुँचती तब तक ये अभियान सफल नहि हो पायेगा। गाँवों को जोड़

0 0 Sir, SBI works on weekend and has holiday on monday..on similar note why cant all banks have working hours on weekend and holiday on monday?? At least for next 2-3 months...It might help to reduce ATM lines...

0 0 Honorable prime minister good morning,
Name: Nikhil nagawanshi
Age: 31 years
Qualification: mba in hotel & Hospitality management.
Computer skills: ms office, windows.
Purpose of communication: i am handicapped person and I don't get the benefit of handicapped nor of normal life. I am well educated but due to being handicapped person I have no job so I request you to please help me out with a job. As a normal person I can't attend interviews so if you can help me out to get benefit...

0 0 Currency demonetization to curb the black money and main motto to make cash less economy becoming successful otherwise citizens would have never adopted digital payment.Similar way to make SWATCH BHARAT successful and effective please pass the act in parliament and amend constitution peeing , smoking,throwing trash anywhere other then trash bins may land you in prison or heavy penalty.unless people are force to change they wont.So to curb this habit impose strict rule.

0 0 dear sir you have

0 0 Your step on banning 1000 & 500 notes is immemorable, but there is no need for new 2000 & 500 notes. Now the time has come to ban again new 2000 & 500 notes to further stop black money immediately and the world is awaiting your this bold step immediately.

0 0 Dear Sir
I found 3-Major Mistakes in Demonetisation of 500, 1000 Notes
1) 200 rupee note is to be released instead of 2000 rupee note.
2) 1 or 2 chances are to be given to deposit old notes in SB or CA in bank.
3) More than 50 days time not given. Because common man can deposit his amount within 1 week.
   50 days time is very high to convert black money into white.
Thanking you Sir

0 0 Dear PM,
Special attention for cashless movement needs to be paid towards Rajasthan. I am on a trip to Rajasthan and I haven't found out a single place or shop where I can make digital payment. Jaipur has rarely any digital payment option apart from big hotels and merchants.
Kindly instruct the state govt to start cashless payments drive for street vendors and even in the Entry fee of Forts. Everything is based upon cash here.
Thank you.

0 0 Sir, Ban on old notes is as successful as introduction of Rs.2000/- to that extent. You have scored 2000 marks. All that is alternatives on the situation(s) to be introducted faster than now. Considering Old age people, pensioners, handicapped, ladies sufferings at every corner of the country is dipping with wet eyes. As well strict law to be introduced for the people with high cash flow. New department with direct function under superme court to be introduced to maintain good governance.

0 0 Dear PM, Could you please highlight on foreign policy initiatives taken by your government in the past two years and what benefits did they accrue to the nation. What are your plans on this front in the new year. Like the India-Africa Forum Summit could we have India - South America Summit involving all South American countries ? Jai Hind

0 0 Sir is it possible to provide service tax credit with direct tax for salaried people at the year end. This will make people to take and retain bills of expenditures made during the year. Also people will avoid taking without Bill transactions. This will also give some relief to salaried people.

0 0 Dear PM, Demonetisation drive is in full swing.You need to be complimented for this bold action.Time was overdue to root out black money,counterfeits from system.Now that some time has passed could you apprise the nation as to how did you,cabinet colleagues and other officials decide on such action.You have told us'Why'now we wish to know 'How'. Could you apprise us the decision making process adopted by you.Your bold action may become a case study in leadership qualities. Jai Hind

0 0 Sir, please continue talk on demonetisation and payment processes through e modes be highlighted and ensurenace to be provided on waiver of the charges by whatever name like 2% on card swiping, neft and rtgs charges levied by banks. We must ensure the waiver of such charges irrespective of the amounts.further we need to ensure and push the concerned ministries for availability of net/wifi connectivity to do such payments.this is very important to convert people's habit and undesired causes

0 0 Respected Sir
I have a suggestion for how to find black money. i think it is great think so plz contact with me any time 9466277873. if u want any demo plz share u r personal ID.

0 0 Due to demonetisation the use of the word black money has risen manifold in the discussions and learned people do confuse us with the lingo. It's time that we  get formal with the words we use for addressing and discussing this major issues.
We must no more use the word "Black Money" in our addresses and discussions. The money could either be "TAXED MONEY"(Irrespective of the tax rate) or "UNTAXED MONEY".
It will give the clear picture to any lay man in understanding the money is black or not.

0 0 Respected Sir my opinion is in the attached. Please find the attachment.

0 0 Just had sigh of releif as honorable PMs endeavour on currency front was nearly hijacked by corrupt Bankofficials.Daterioration of moral character added too as everybody was offering his/her account to riches to convert the blackmoney,atleast I got offer from 5-6 persons though they know that I am a nationalist ,RSS and pro Modi person.Just think for the people who have different lineage.But know please PLUG THE HOLES IN INCOME TAX DEPTT AS THEY TOO HAVE CORRUPT IMAGE..MINT Money in Punjab

0 0 i want to share my views related to present day education mehtods in central boards it is matter of a great concern that present day education is pen pencil education based on photocopying ...which led to only completion of work  not gain of any knowledge ..
Present day student only think to complete copy by photocopying frm other student or other means n teachers also support copy completion
But it is not good teacher need to chq rough copy the practice which student practice please do some

0 0 I feel that whatever money has been accumulated in  JANDHAN ACCOUNTS may be utilised for the upliftment of account holders by giving them incentives to start small businesses.and surplus money  may be distributed to BPL families to help them raise their standard of living.

0 0 We feel you lost great opportunity of stamping your authority in this winter session of parliament.
A more mature and reconciliatory approach would have the right answer to the present impasse.
Our best wishes to you, still you can take steps to correct the situation before it is too late which may result in probable loss of election in UP.

1 0 SBI and other government banks have contactless credit cards. If RBI can allow contactless payments at some merchants, or below a certain value let us say 5000, NHAI, another government body can mandate all toll booths to have Contactless cards accepted dedicated lanes for toll paymnent. This will greatly reduce the queue at tolls and reduce resultant pollution at Toll booths. No dedicated expensive toll payment solutions are required, which have very low penetration.

2 0 सर,
में मुकेश अहमदाबाद से. मेरे पास केश लेस को बढ़ावा देने का एक अनोखा तरीका है, सिर्फ केश लेस ही नही देश की बहुत सारी परेशानिया दूर करनेकी योजनायें है. यह योजनाये में काफी समय से साझा करना चाहता था लेकिन राजनेताओ पर मुझे भरोसा नही था, आप पर भरोसा है इसलिए में यह काम देश हीत में करना चाहता हूँ. में वैसे भी जीवन देश के नाम कर चुका हूँ. इसमें मेरा कोई निजी स्वार्थ या लालच नही है सिर्फ आपके किसी विश्वसनीय करीबी की मदद चाहता हूँ. अगर आपको अपने नौजवान पर भरोसा हो तो एक मौका दिजीए सफलता जरूर मिलेगी.

3 0 Sir, Its true that people are suffering for the demonetisation coz now they are not getting enough money form the bank now. But I think there is some type of artificial crisis. And I think I have a solution in mind.If it is made mandatory that mediocre and rich people have to use cashless transaction and cash will be provided only to the BPL card holders or people who work daily to get their food daily. The mediocre or rich people will use netbanking or cashable cheque to pay these people.

2 0 Dear Sir,
        I want to express my views regarding maratha reservation, even i am belongs to maratha community,i am against reservation Please take a decision of Saman Nagari kayda, ASAP,Reservation free india will be the dream of every youngster & it can be done by only yourself because you have that willpower.
in this kaliyug you are the real god to help peoples for sustainable development, cast, religion spreads poison in human mind.
Politics suffer from disease cast which never cure

1 0 Remaining part of below suggestion.
Benefits:- this will keep record how much and its serial no. currency has been given to account holder
and if that particular serial no. currency does not get back to any bank in further period of time then
it's alarming situation that the money is being holding since long time . Also this will keep track on the counterfeit currency and the currency which is yet to be printed.

1 0 Remaining part of below suggestion.
machine at one side , after decoding the portable machine would give currency at another side of portable machine and keep record on about how much currency note and its value and serial number given to particular person.and in same manner if a person wish to deposit the currency to bank then the process shall be
 remain same the record shall be posted to the server of the bank

1 0 All the banks should have portable type currency counting machine which will decode the serial number and currency value and record in the individual bank server.
Since all the bank account holder are mapped with their addhar card and once a account holder wish to withdrawal money form bank then he/she should have put his finger on the portable currency counting  machine (as said above) and then the bank officer would notice all his detail in his computer and then put the amount in the portable

0 0 #AIR: I support demonetisation. A section of bank officials with black money holders are undoing the good work of our PM. Many were involved in wreckless sanction of loans which eventually became NPAs & in farmers loan waiving scam. Internal vigilance mechanism in banks is not working. Otherwise how come so many of them are not exposed till now? They should be severely punished this time. Government should also be alert that many will partially disclose their black money in the new scheme.

0 0 Respected PM,
I have idea related to demonetisation & cash shortag.GOVT. should declare that cash will be deliver to homes through banks to customers that have atm cards.cash could be order online within limits. It will give great relief to people and good discipline can be maintained with system. Atm's ahould remain close and the people who dnt have internet access can take cash from banks,thus rush will also reduce at bank
Govt. can also deal with e-commerce websites.

0 0 Respected PM Sir, I want to suggest that our India needs growth in agriculture sectors. Sir like in Facebook, we get notifications in advance before 1 month that your this friend's birthday is upcoming. Sir in sameway our farmers get notifications of there fields,crops, seeds etc.Farmers work full day and in night they get sleep, and at that time animals are eating their crops,rain occurs and seeds becomes useless.So Sir,our farmers get notifications in their mobile that your crops is in danger.

0 0 जयललिता ने दो लाख गवर्मेंट (शासकीय/सरकारी) वर्कर को निकाला था....मोदीजी को भी करना चाहिए

0 0 हिंदी में भी software होना चाहिए

0 0 jayalalitha had fired 200000 (2lakh) government employees as they were corrupt ...u need to do the same

0 0 Sir,
Govt decision to exempt political party from scrutiny on deposit of 500 and 1000 notes reflects all demonitisation activity is just for creating hype, this decision reflects all political parties are clean only public is keeping black money.
Sorry to say this decision doesnt suits pm like Mr Modi, this is very disheartening decision, now all political parties are same and Our greatest PM Modiji also biased,
Sir hope u r seeing the problem faced by poor people and common Man
Not Happy

0 0 Dear Sir,
I have been using digital payment methods for quite sometime. The other day , I booked movie tickets through "BookMyShow " , wherein I had to pay ₹411 for tickets worth ₹360! ₹ 51?was charged as "internet handling charge" + Taxes, VAT etc!! If I had paid cash and booked the ticket from the counter I would have paid only ₹360!! Kindly look into this, because if the common people are not getting any Benefit of digital payment, they will continue with cash!! no one would like to pay more

0 0 #MannKiBaat #MyGov
प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार,
आपको नववर्ष की बहुत-बहुत शुभकामनाएँ।
आपने देश मेँ कैशलेस प्रणाली का जो सपना देखकर इस पर काम करना शुरू किया है बहुत ही सराहनीय है।
मै आपके एक सुझाव देना चाहता हुँ, वो यह है कि सभी सरकारी बसो मेँ कंडक्टर को टिकट काटने की मशीन के साथ एक स्वाईप मशीन भी दी जाए, ताकि आमजन बस का किराया ATM कार्ड के जरिए भी दे सके।
राजेश कुमार चौहान
जालंधर

0 0 Hello ! PM Sir,
      I have a wonderful idea that will change the whole election system. It will save 1000s of crores of money of Indian Government and will lead the ease in polling. This is online Election System.

0 0 #AIR: 2. I do not know why Speaker / Chairman are not taking action against disrupting members. If disruption continues for 2 days, all the members involved, whether 5 or 50, should be evicted from the house to allow normal functioning. I know Speaker/Chairman will be called dictator. But it is better than not having a functioning Parl.
3. LS & RS TVs should  telecast only when there is debate/discussion & not during disruption.
 Interest of an Party can not override national interest.

1 0 Respected Sir,
My suggestion that If we want to reduce the inflation of goods. we will have to work on population because every country developed with less population. population impact on environment and low productivity than higher need of consumption of goodies.because of this, unemployment is increasing day by day.  If we want to make more powerful and developed county will need more productivity and less consumption and due to this export more things.

0 0 #AIR: Parl. disruptions have crossed all limits. I have 3 suggestions to end it.
1. Constitution has been ammended 101 times including the infamous 42nd, during emergency. Under Article 85.1 President can summon the Parl. We can ammend it to insert a clause which may read : ONCE PRESIDENT SUMMONS THE PARL. IT CAN NOT BE DISRUPTED BY ANY MEMBER/S. We can allocate an extra hour daily for members to shout on any issue/s. And once that hour ends, it should be normal business & nothing else. Contd.

0 0 Namaste,
Dear Hon'ble P.M NARENDRA MODI JI,
Sir jo bhi new currency wala kala dhan pakda ja raha hai uska kya kiya ja rha hai mai nahi janta. me chahata hu ki jo bhi new currency pakdi ja rahi hai use inkam tax department ke bank account mai deposit kar va kar ATM tak pahuchana chahiya jesse aam janta ki kuch problem solve ho jayegi. 
THANKS SIR
Vivek

0 0 Namaste,
Dear Hon'ble P.M NARENDRA MODI JI,
Several businesses transact in cash and with demonetization they may become cash-strapped, hurting business—and consequently revenue, employment, consumption and investment. The informal sector in India employs more than a majority of the workers and most transactions are in cash. Disruption to this system could endanger the employment and livelihood of weaker sections of society.
please bring new schemes and policies  to reduce the effect

0 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi ji,
Sir, Good Morning, have a blessed !
We would like to hear from you the schemes that you will launch in 2017, how the growth  of our economy will be and also what sort of support you will expect from all of us... Pls to say little about the Budget and advice some good things, which we all can follow ...Antodaya, what was that antoday, which inspired you, if necessary pls advice on this as well ! We like you since you are our good PM of India !

0 0 PM Modi Ji. First of all, thanks for taking such a wise decision about black money.
I am helping my neighbourhood people to cope up with digital payments.
Sir,I think that an encouraging chapter about digital payments should be included in the NCERT syllabus of economics of  class 10.The chapter should also teach about the usage of digital transaction machinery and RuPay cards.
I think that it would encourage the students about cashless transactions and further their parents too.

1 0 We indian citizens are paying Income Tax,for our army and betterment of our country but do you ??
As I know income of MP and MLAs are tax free. Are they/you Indian citizens or not ???
We all know this matter, but neither your my gov team nor pmo will raise this topic.

1 0 We indian citizens are paying Income Tax, but do you ??
As I know income of Member of Parliament and MLAs are tax free. Are they/you Indian citizens or not ???

0 0 Sir, you can talk about demonetisation as 50 days of your alloted time is coming to an end so you can talk about the benefits of demonetisation and especially how it will benefit them as too much contradiction are still going on for the same.

0 0 Bio Metric Money Transaction System (BMMTS)
In the current situation handling of paper currency and online transaction is very difficult. Fake currencies, phishing, hacking these are the most common problems in money transaction. In this situation an alternative system for transaction is very relevant. The advanced technology in biometrics is a safest way in clear transaction. But now it is very costly and difficult to handling. But we can use the same in simple technologies like mobile phone.

0 0 Sir, about the demonetisation, Rahul Gandhi is talking about 99% poor people are hurt for the benefit of 1% rich people. Poor people had not been benefited by having 80% of currencies in Rs.500 and Rs.1000 denominations. May be this was done during Congress rule to benefit 1% of the rich people he is referring to. Smaller denomination notes should have been more compared to the larger denominations so that poor people can have more access to their daily business in small scale.

1 0 Hon'ble PM Modi ji, Our missiles should be named after our Missile Man Dr Kalam and hero of Indo Pak war Abdul Hamid. So the new missiles should be named "Kalam" and "Hamid". Missiles should also be named after Legendary Sikh guru Nanak.

0 0 Modi ji... All bank branches or most of the bank branches with high volume of currency exchange to be audited by a CA or other professionals... We people really feel lot of suspious activities has been taken up by those banking officials... Strict action should be taken for those who took advantage of it...

0 0 continuing my previous comment
Suppose ABC.com has won the POS-Marketing rights in India. When I walk-in and swipe my card in PoS, I will receive discount or deal vouchers in the POS receipt printout. This discounts and deals are managed by ABC.com. So next time when I swipe I am ensuring that I am guaranteeing myself with confirmed deals and discounts. This I feel will be the largest advertisement and revenue generation platform and govt, public and manufacturers are benefited, all CASHLESS

1 0 To make Swachch Bharat abhiyaan interesting and competitive, we should introduce the sport of SPOGOMI in India. GOMI in Japanese means Garbage and SPO stands for sports. In this game, teams are assigned to a locality to collect garbage. They get points for different garbage items based on various criteria. For more details check this link:http://www.spogomi.or.jp/about/.
Let the sports of Garbage begin!!

0 0 Honorable PM,
To Self motivate consumers to use card, even if they have Cash Please consider this option. Make a secured integrated platform to exchange realtime PoS transaction details. So everytime A person swipes a card, the Print receipt and Mobile confiormation should also have redeemable vouchers for next purchase. This promotion of products (marketing) should be done my marketing companies. Govt should select such marketing firms by auction. This will be largest auction.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Today in telecom industry, particularly telecom companies have different different codes for balance check if they have prepaid mobile no. ---- i believe it should atleast become one national common code should be there for example *123# etc, so that confusion could be removed, today what is happening every company is trying to manipulate and they try to format and present that information in a way that person not exactly get the right balance and their validity for his own mobil

0 0 respected sir acountry is developed with the mass involment of janshakti ihave seen as a retd bank manager large number of peaple sitting idle in rural area they have no road ,education ,health facility ,say basicfacilities .our policymaker donot know ground realty  so please ask policy makers to visit interior bharat not india before making a policy fpr them and it is also ground realty that most say more than fifty percent funds hadapliya jata hai it must be controlled

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir,
I am a Chartered Accountant and you are well aware of the fact that Chartered Accountants have special skills and expertise in Taxation and Auditing of financial records.
Sir, do you have any plans to open a special window for the CAs to allow them to work in the Income tax department to assist the government in scrutinizing and finalising the cases that will arise after this Demonetisation as the IT department is in accute shortage of workforce ?

1 0 Respected sir,
Medical establishments such as diagnostic centres, pathology labs, pharmacy must have facility of online transaction compulsorily. Those refusing to accept online payment or payment made through cheque should be dealt strictly. My suggestion to you is to make an arrangement of 24hrs toll free number especially for these sorts of complaints.
                       In health care facility stipulated time to be given so that they can arrange swipe machine.Please see attachment.

0 0 china ki language me use ho rahe shabda he vo short he. so iss se yah kah sakte he hum ki vo log fast bate karte hai aur kam kaj me bhi fast he. so, hum kya karte he? full word use karte he..vo short me... like Okey ko vo log sh bolte he. in India, only in companies sign language ya A TO Z ALPHABETS USE KIYE JAYE... FOR EXAMPLE: AJJ KA KAAM KHATM HUA... Z.THIS IS HOW WE CAN WORK FASTER IN FACTORIES.

0 0 about this website pleas teach students in school how to use. are keep in notice board

0 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to suggest ration shop should open for 24/7 so daily working women after working hour they will get eassly .our rations are not in proper time opening in every pin code keep one ration so that black marcket will controlls. nowdays in rice mill ration rice polishing and again they reselling in market  for rs.55 one rupee rise!
so pleas take care in your style ....jai hind

0 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to suggest tree preservation in city planning. I am a Landscape Architect and use information and data regarding Root protection areas from arboricuture reports here in the UK in order to protect trees from harm during construction. The reason I am bringing this up is due to Cyclone vardha in Chennai. If the trees had been protected properly and given enough room to develop we would not have lost so many trees! there is no awareness of this profession at all in India.

0 0 Honourable Sir,
1)We have seen that Lok sabha and Rajya Sabha attendance is low.so, better to make a law that if a peson is having less than 60% attendance without justifying reason like national duty(Please do not put Medical because we all know what will happen) then deduct their salary.
2) Please include politicians also in the name of Taxpayer(at some flat rate) which will be used for natural disater managementor for promoting renewable source.

1 0 Step to 'The Horizon of self defence “Innovative project for beti bachao abhiyan”
म.बाल.विकास विभाग के महिला सशक्तिकरण संचालनालय  मध्य-प्रदेश शासन के बालभवन जबलपुर द्वारा  30 दिवसीय शौर्या शक्ति  मार्शल आर्ट आत्मरक्षा प्रशिक्षण  कार्यक्रम में  1000 बेटियाँ प्रशिक्षित हुईं हैं. प्रयोग बेहद सफल रहा है. ये
कार्यक्रम का एक दृश्य सादर प्रेषित है

0 0 Dear Sir,
I am Ronaldo Laishram from Manipur.I would like to seek your attention to our burning state Manipur. Now Manipur is facing many problems. We are not getting necessary items as United Naga Council blocked the road as a part of Economic blockade for more than 45 days but still, Central government is not taking any action. I am attaching the detailed letter. Kindly find it.I would like to request you kindly find a permanent cure to this problem in Manipur.
#MannKiBaat #PMonRadio #MyGov

0 0 Dear sir,
Instruct banks to educate their shop keeper customers on the use of
Mobile applications. Ask the shops to put UPI+QR code, Mobile no+ MMID, ac no+ IFSC code on display at their counter. If we are able to persuade some of them then others will follow.It become a huge advertisement for cash less transaction and common man will become more aware of the same.closely monitor the progress made by banks in this regard. Bank branches should have contact person  on cashless transactions.

0 0 sir mera suggestion yeh hai ki gov. of India 1 lakh or more schools/universities ko select kra or wha ek notice send kra ki har 3 months me min.400 plants lagaya or yeh pura 1 year tak follow ho or iska bad us plant ko maintain kra or un pr forest officer najar rakha or agar koi yeh notice follow nhi karta hai toh fine or warning de or agar plants lagana k liye jagah ki kami ho toh koi garden yeh or koi alag jagah laga kar school/University ka board lagya.For any mistakes forgive

0 0 Dear PM sir,
For the betterment of economy take strict actions because some people are not taking initiative as everyone is trying to go for digital money but still many shopkepers are not accepting digital money reason: bhai hum sale kahan dikhanyen ge, sale pakke mein karni padti hai etc etc even some affiliated schools are not accepting cheques with justification ghar ka kharcha bhi toh nikal rahe hain humari toh fees hi thodi si hai humein cash hi doh, so what a comman man will do.

0 0 @narendramodi OBSERVING THE FLOW OF MONEY(FUNDS provided to Mla's or MP's)FROM A GOVT CONTRACT TO PEOPLE HAS TO BE OBSERVED IN A SOFTWARE.Respected sir,I have a idea related the flow of money for development in this country.what all money is released for contracts(ex like constructing roads or pipeline system etc )the flow of money has to be observed sir(in a software)I.e, should be accessed by all people in their smart phones..so that people have the right to question the other corrupt politici

0 0 Cashless transactions or use of cards ewallets is definitely a good initiative, but there are couple of challenges.
To give an example in metros there are couple of good restaurants who still don't have swipe machine or they dont accept via ewallets.
Moreover we still dont have uninterrupted and high speed reliable internet connections even in cities.Moreover how will govt ensure that these transactions are well secured and cyber crime wont happen.How will govt make rural India tech friendly.

0 0 Hon PM sir,
Digital Payment ka promotion ke leye NDLM ke Video jaisa Cartoon wala video banaye jisme profit or loss ke baat hone chaiye,or is ko youtube,facebook,whatapp,ke madhyam se promote kerna chaiye,aur isko NDLM ke syllabus me add ker dena chaiye,jo NDLM ker rahehai wo isko village level pe krege jisse village ke logo me jagruta aayege.Aur App ke perte logo ka bhrosha bana ga.Sir(CSC me)VLE ka role important hi Digital india kley. PM sir, digital india ke lye NDLM ko start kre

1 0 #AIR #MyGov
There should be a mandatory income details section with KYC form in bank accounts, PAN/AADHAR & Bank accounts should be mandatory for all, without these people will not get any govt benefits even ration, subsidy, pension etc. If people can stand up in line to exchange the money then people can do this also. Once everyone will be traceable then no body will dare to cheat the system. Why computer works well, because it has programmed by someone else,as it is we have program everyone

0 1 #PMonRadio
We have to facilitate the tax payers through offers, trips and many more things can be done for the all slabs tax payers, like 10 persons from Above 10L ITR, 25 from 5-10L, 50 from 2.5 to 5L will get a foreign trip with family. Every slabs should have some additional lucrative offer, so that people will be interested into that by their own choice. We need to motivate them rather than trapping them, I am sure people will do.

0 0 Sir, pl give the harsest of harsest punishment to the caught bankers nd make it public... The rest wil fall in line.
B+

1 0 #mannKiBaat
Dear Sir,
Demonetization is a good step, but along with we have to take few steps so that things can be balanced.
There should be star ratings from govt for Doctors, Hospitals, Hotels, Restaurants, Resorts, ratings should be done as per their capabilities and experience, and there should be cost/price fixation as per their ratings, because doctors, hotels, resorts are charging very high which a common people can't afford, and 90% of the people of nation is a common people.

1 0 Hello sir, I am just a citizen but support you . I tried contacting you ,CBI,ed,income tax office to give a well proven information of black money exchanges going in a bank branch near me but got no results so may I know what to do now just live blindfoldedly?? I know the dates when fake accounts where opened ,can give transaction dates,can give account nos, and the person in whose name one of the account was opened was not even available in the state when a huge amount of money was deposited

2 0 My friends who are commenting on this please copy paste my comment and promote so that we all can together expose a bank branch and a black money exchanging mafia going on in a bank.

0 0 Dear sir aap kya higher education me jo recruitment ho rhe usme koi acha bdlaav Lana change qki university apni autonomy ke chlte deserving hone ke bavjood apne candidate ko hi assistant professor appoint krti hai.through exam high meri walo ko A grade NAAC ki usse km merit walo ko B grade me appoint kre. Jbki ugc aur PhD hona compulsory ho.plz sir ispe gaur jrur kre qki 1,2 post ke liye log bhut kst uthte  hai aur jake pta chlta hai sb phle se fix hai jhoote aa gae. Plz sir ye hr jgh ki story h

1 0 Hello sir, I am just a citizen but support you . I tried contacting you ,CBI,ed,income tax office to give a well proven information of black money exchanges going in a bank branch near me but got no results so may I know what to do now just live blindfoldedly?? I know the dates when fake accounts where opened ,can give transaction dates,can give account nos, and the person in whose name one of the account was opened was not even available in the state when a huge amount of money was deposited

0 0 Sir, 
Inorder to promote digital payments, kindly make provisions so that Oil Marketing Companies accept payments online for gas bookings. In order to promote schemes related to digital payments, you can also distributes pamphlets of these schemes or about benefits of going digital through these gas deliveries to ensure each and every household is covered throughout India in 1-2 months. 
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Sirji, Please make attention to-
1. Biometric access linked with aadhaar for everything, accounts, password, registration, emails, transaction, identity, single point verification for all. No one can make any excuse.
2. Providing expiry date on currency note will kill money storage...
3. women's safety in the capital and whole country.

0 0 Poojya Modiji, hearty congrats for your bold and innovative, game changing decision to ban HDNs in  one  stroke. This  has exposed all the loopholes in the cash management processes in the country. People are suffering. We have to educate them how they were suffering till now. Happily even villages are going digital. This is a welcome move. I suggest a slogan. LESS CASH BEFORE CASH LESS. GO DIGITAL INDIA. Please educate BPL families how dalals were cheating them till now. With best wishes.

0 0 Respected Sir,
As a concerned citizen of India, I feel that the Government of India should take very Stringent steps in terms of Road Safety and how authorities manage it.
There should be tough Driving Tests as in Western Countries and Hefty fines imposed as well, so that people think at least twice before Breaking a Law.
I hope you will soon take Tough Steps for the same, so that we can feel safe driving anywhere in our country.
Regards,
Supreet Singh.
(A Concerned Citizen of India)

0 0 sir please give business loans to graduates with out any documents for serety.

0 0 Sir, Please speak about women's safety and need to embrace a new gender identity. Girls have surpassed all barriers but still don't feel safe when it comes to traveling alone or late at night, which hampers our freedom and limits our choices. Education (esp primary & secondary) should dispel the myth that girls are necessarily physically weak. Inter-gender physical activities (racing, cycling, etc) should be held at primary and secondary levels, not for competition but for healthy cooperation.

0 0 Sir, after demonitization and limits on withdrawals for effective control and removal of black marks in the economy - cash holding and carrying limits to be strictly imposed. Example : for indivuduals up to rupees two lakhs, business entities five lakhs, private companies ten lakhs and public limited companies twentylakhs and such limits will help in curbing black money.  Any excess holding will be confiscated and transferred to Garibi Kalyan Yojana fund, with regards KSVR

0 0 sir plaese pass a rule that no one can open a bank account with out pan card and aadhaar card

0 0 Dear PM,From your action ,it appears that you are very angry with opposition and media. Please ignore them and do not take any action just to teach them lesson; instead focus on middle class,farmers and small businessmen .  In your next Man ki Baat please share your plans and thoughts on how things will change for  lower class .Thanks. People believe in you so please do not give impression that you are using  their belief against your opponents

0 0 Rural agriculturist voice is losing a hope because what is the affect of demonetisation of agriculture Market and at least support price now the government has money..!
Cashless may help to remove income taxes on commodity and transaction income may help but due to current status it's not the right time for cashless. Mobile technology is so week such they are easily breaches. And Mobile wallet companies break the trust means the users password and id will the rights of wrong person.

0 0 Sir, my input is related to education sector.
In education specially at school level there is inadequate focus on improving quality of education. Realising the fact that any point of time govt schools in panchayat enrolls 4000-5000 students, following measures may be taken
-civil servants still enjoy great social legitimacy in rural areas. An institutional mechanism to help those civil servants who has desire from their heart to improve education may prove to be great tool towards it.

1 0 namaste sir
सर मेरा एक सुझव हे की प्रशाशनिक सेवा की तैयारी करने बाले बहुत से विद्यार्थी जो एक दो अंकों से रह जाते हे और इतना ज्ञान होने के बाद भी उनके पास कोई काम नहीं होता।
यदि उन विद्यार्थियों को सरकारी स्कूल में शिक्षक के रूप में भर्ती किआ जाए तो निश्चित ही स्कूल में पड़ने वाले विद्यार्थी और प्रशानिक सेवा की तैयारी कर चुके लोगो को दोनों को बहुत फायदा होगा।
एक को नौकरी मिल जाएगी
और दूसरे को एक  बहुत अच्छा और जानकार शिक्षक।
सर इस मुद्दे पर बहुत गहराई से सोचने की आवश्यकता है।धन्यवाद्।

1 0 Demonetisation is an excellent step taken to end black money,terrorism and fake currency.
In addition to it, we must also launch plastic notes with special features and effects.Many countries presently are doing the same.It can be big step towards stopping fake currency.

0 0 Respected sir,
we are with you, we believe in you, we are going to stand behind you, satyamev jayate, jai hind.

0 0 Wish u reduced income tax in  all slabs by just 5% as a return gift to country who has welcomed demonetization.

0 0 Wish u appealed all indians  in next man ki baat not to use leather products till all tanneries were shifted from the rivers' banks.

0 0 Sir please tell a brief about cashless money... And the practical difficulties how much effective for all peoples... And effectiveness of all your programs in all states.

0 0 mananiya pradham mantri ji
my suggestions are as follow:
1) there should be a STF COMMITTEE for digital India who can brief or gice inside news to the govt. it wl be done as national interest coz lots of informations we get or colllect goes unattention by the agency.
2) a spy team can me formed without pay who wl update the wrongdoings of all the influencial people in the society.
3) make a district level social media committee who shall inform all the misdoing and curruption in their area

0 0 Demonetisation move is excellent move but cashless idea is bad for India due to current position of skill for aged people and less educated and also due to technology reasons that is mobile leader technology company claimed which is there where I have attached a snapshot.the thing is the bank account will be in highly threat due hackers. However rahul Gandhi Twitter a/c hacker are not caught then what's the case of Jana samany. The less educated people will be cheated easily.

0 0 Sir,
Govt is focussing on digital payment but pvt school are still taking cash and no arrangement for digital payment,they are charging any money frm parents, there is no controll of govt on pvt schools and college. College and schools are easily converting there black into white through fee collection in advance. Its impossible for middle class to send there kids to pvt schools, they demand so high amount u cant imagine, selling prospectus on very high price.....
Sir inpar kab action hoga.

0 0 HON. SIR,
MY INPUTS FOR THE MANN KI BAAT IS ATTAHED HEREWITH IN A PDF FILE WHICH MAY BE CONSIDERED.
THANK YOU,
PROF. MR. SHEKHAR SALUNKE

0 0 Maximum taxes are collected by demonetization. Now it needs to maintain by strong rules and regulations. Its the time to stop liqueur and alcoholic products from all over india. Your one command can success demonetization then you can easily stop all the toxic products. I think our country is not so disable that it cant run without their taxes. Stop alcohol then only our people think of engagement or any idea to get income.#MannKiBaat

1 0 Sir,
Demonetisation is good step but such kind of preparation is not accepted frm PM like Modiji, poor and rural india is in gr8 pain, digital payment is time taking activity for rural india.....now its turning to be bad for govt.

1 0 Shocked at the exemptions to political parties from the demonetization. This is not expected of you. Why single out the general public and put them to such great inconvenience. Why make them beg for their own money? As it is, the general public is supporting you at the cost of severe inconvenience to them. Why are you following RaGa? If every transaction is to be supported by a PAN, why should the political party be exempt? It could cost you dear and a total loss of confidence on you.

0 0 cancelation of artical 370
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 why riots are increasing in west bengal

0 0 Dear Mr. PM ji, You did a great job with demonetization program and we are certain this is for the betterment of the country. Can you also do something to enforce the Benami Act. We want all those who hoard black money on real estate to feel the brunt now. Also, like in the US can we digitize Real estate properties and make it more transparent. This would be very beneficial. Thank You.

2 0 सर,
में मुकेश अहमदाबाद से. मेरे पास केश लेस को बढ़ावा देने का एक अनोखा तरीका है, सिर्फ केश लेस ही नही देश की बहुत सारी परेशानिया दूर करनेकी योजनायें है. यह योजनाये में काफी समय से साझा करना चाहता था लेकिन राजनेताओ पर मुझे भरोसा नही था, आप पर भरोसा है इसलिए में यह काम देश हीत में करना चाहता हूँ. में वैसे भी जीवन देश के नाम कर चुका हूँ. इसमें मेरा कोई निजी स्वार्थ या लालच नही है सिर्फ आपके किसी विश्वसनीय करीबी की मदद चाहता हूँ. अगर आपको अपने नौजवान पर भरोसा हो तो एक मौका दिजीए सफलता जरूर मिलेगी.

0 0 #MannKiBaat The black money issue which plagues our country now is the result of LPG (Liberalization, Privatization and Globalization) in 1991. Due to this 'free market' and 'open market', corruption and criminal activities both small and big have destroyed the country. It destroyed the morals and culture of the people by introducing many evils from western culture and turned people into money hoarding demons who have billions of Rupees under their beds.

0 0 Dear Prime minister, a few suggestions from my end.
1. Rent Allotment, Australia uses a mechanism allotting property for rent. Can be used in India.
2. Voter registration and address update online and steps needed to have valid list of all voters.
3. Open bank account or apply for Gas connection with Aadhaar card alone.
4. Online list of all registered births, Tamil Nadu has it, this can be scaled to national level.
5. Option to declare land, housing property, pay property tax online.

0 0 demonitization step is good beneficial for country. Poors are facing too much problem.address their problem on urgent basis

0 0 Hi Sir,My Name is Rahul Shinde.We need your help because of we facing issue of land.Pune Cantonment bord sr.no 32,16 Queen's Garden Camp pune.we are tenet above 70 years we have all rent reciept.Our 3 genration stay in here around 150 people and 19 family.i send you to images of land please check attachment.please do for us.I request to you Please speak on Pune Cantonment bord tenet issue.

0 0 The standard of Medical education in our nation is fantastic . Yet , the eligible people are losing precious time and money due to the rampage of black money in medical education sector. This is a sad truth and how do you expect a Robust nation ,without fulfilling the dreams of the youth towards their preferred goal . If we need a drastic change in the system ( not just evaluation ), so be it . The introduction of Yoga into the school and college curriculum is a phenomenal achievement . Kudos !

0 0 Just say that you are about to give a thought on calling back Rs 2000 note which is currently being misused by bank managers and other people for hoarding money. Really calling it back is at your option.

0 0 Intelligence and Integrity will go a long way in building the Foundations of the country . We will rise to be a giant in the world arena provided the attitude of the done away policy makers is uprooted . Consensus must be made to unite standards of education across the nation to be under one umbrella which would need changes until the grassroots. The future of this nation is on the present students and their inclination for nation building . We are varied in credentials yet the focus is one only

0 0 Respected PM sir
Cow is considered as sacred animal in India. And even there is a ban on slaughter of cow but even India is the largest exporter of beef in the world. My request to you is to put a bann on the slaughter of cow. India where cow is considered as sacred animal and it is the largest exporter of beef. So I humbly request you to bann beef and it's slaughtering and exporting. I am hopeful you 'll take a strict action on this. India is proud to have a PM Like you. Jai Hind

1 0 Dear Sir,
Demonetization was a right step in the right direction, but if you do not put corrupt Netas and big fishes of black money into the jails. Common people will start feeling cut off from one the best idea. Only common people are getting more difficult time in banks, but not the corrupt Netas and big bank like Axis bank.

0 0 Fully support the Demonetization move which was the need of the decade . Yet we need to have a semi cash economy as we are a very large nation . The checks need to be more rigorous and all the loop holes closed mercilessly . Black money has reduced the nation to shambles in five decades and the younger generation needs to be fed new vigor to keep them motivated . Nation building should be the motto which can be achieved only by providing world class education . The youth will support INTEL-GRITY

0 0 I would suggest you to take up educational reforms, the engineering education is highly disconnected with the industrial requirements, states like tamil nadu have disproportionate number of engineering colleges, see to it that worst performing colleges are shut down. You have spoken of skill india and skill development, why not provide them in the college education itself by making in-plant training,apprenticeship training etc. as part of the engineering curriculum.

0 0 #MannKiBaat 
There is also a need to scrutinize and control the private sector in India because they all perform business activities in dishonest and corrupt manner. Government needs to monitor business activities by business magnates and capitalists and strictly punish them for cheating employees, workers and customers. The action against Nestle for poisonous Maggie noodles is just not enough. Almost every business body is cheating people. LPG introduced in 1991 was bad idea.

0 0 Respected Sir ,
To find honest people is as difficult as to find pearl from the sea ! You deserve tons of appreciation for your actions ,taken boldly ! We know , - you may have to face troubles because of it ! But Mother India will definately bless you for your selfless service ! We - people of India -are very lucky to get such a Prime Minister ,we are so proud of you for being such a true leader ! God bless you ! MAY MAA AMBA BLESS YOU.!

0 0 #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov
Demonetization is a good step but the problem is majority in India aren't computer literate and don't know how to use smartphone and the apps. Internet connectivity and usage is far away from the masses and it is also expensive. 4G is not wide enough network, we need 5G or 6G at cheapest rates. There is also fear of breach in security where hackers can destroy accounts. Please spread computer and internet usage education to all citizens of India.

0 0 #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #AIR #MyGov
Demonetization is a good step but the problem is majority in India aren't computer literate and don't know how to use smartphone and the apps. Internet connectivity and usage is far away from the masses and it is also expensive. 4G is not wide enough network, we need 5G or 6G at cheapest rates. There is also fear of breach in security where hackers can destroy accounts. Please spread computer and internet usage education to all citizens of India.

0 0 Digitization
is the answer to
Demonetization

1 0 Good Evening Sir,
Please find the poem for Hon'rble Prime Minister New initiative go cashless.
If any mistake please forgive me.
Thank You so much

1 0 Dear Sir
Please take care of our children's who are studying in LKG and UKG.
Our education system is having more sylupus for this children and they are studying more and more
Please reduce their burden immediately no body cannot help in this matter please save the children
If you can please visit one LKG or UKG Education Instiution
Thanking you yours
Regarding your recent finance revolution the effect is going on
For example in real estate 35% reduced immediatley

0 0 Dear Sir,
First of all , I would like to say thanks to you from bottom of my heart for your decision of demonetisation  since it requires great deal of courage.
People of this country do listen and follow to your advises and suggestions.
I will request you to talk about  " Teaching  professionalism " in your Man Ki Baat Program as society at large have cynical attitude towards this noble profession. I am sure your frequent mentions of this noble profession in your program will..

0 0 There is also a need to scrutinize and control the private sector in India because they all perform business activities in dishonest and corrupt manner. Government needs to monitor business activities by business magnates and capitalists and strictly punish them for cheating employees, workers and customers. The action against Nestle for poisonous Maggie noodles is just not enough. Almost every business body is cheating people. LPG introduced in 1991 was bad idea.

0 0 Sir, Education Sector should be digitalized and transparency in work and in recruitment process is important.So address what intiative you has taken for better for education? and I want to addressa problem - specially in higher education institutions are exploiting students by taking many types of extra money without receipt. What action you take against it?

0 0 Demonetization is a good step but the problem is majority in India aren't computer literate and don't know how to use smartphone and the apps. Internet connectivity and usage is far away from the masses and it is also expensive. 4G is not wide enough network, we need 5G or 6G at cheapest rates. There is also fear of breach in security where hackers can destroy accounts. Please spread computer and internet usage education to all citizens of India.

0 0 I  requesy you...1...Discontinue with Rs.2000 note and ask all to deposit their all money with Bank up to 15th Jan 2017.  2.  No body should be allowed to deposit more then Rs.50,000.00 in his/ her account for single day. 3...Allow currency of Rs .50.00 only.   4...Nobody be allowed to carry cash more then Rs.25000.00 5...All other transactions.....only cashless.  Jai Hind.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Education System is most corrupt in our Country. So, I kindly request you to make any payment to school above IN Rupees five Thousand to be made in cashless ie by debit card, credit card, RTGS, NEFT, IMPS etc compulsory. So they are well accounted in school account and teacher are paid well . It will help life of Teacher and Students both, since only the management are money that too in Black.

0 0 CANCELL CURRENCY NOTES OF 2000/= WITH A SUITABLE TIME WITHOUT DISTURBING ANY BANK. ONLY ONE OPTION WILL BE GIVEN THAT DEPOSIT YOUR MONEY IN RESERVE BANK OF INDIA AND RESERVE BANK WILL TRANSFER YOUR MONEY TO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT GIVEN BY YOU AT THE TIME OF DEPOSIT WITHIN A STIPULATED TIME PERIOD.

0 0 Dear Sir,   Our country is passing through a extreemly sensitive stage, since Demonitisation. This phase has shown us the real mirror. How corrupt we are and do we really  love our nation? How we have degraded ourselves to low heights. This is shameful. People shamefully using the Bank accounts of relatives/ poor and innocent people/ flaunting fraudulent firms, just to convert their dirty money to legal money......is what I am witnessing daily.  As a banke branch head I request you to be HARD.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I Harsha from Virajpet Kodagu from the land of Maj.Gen.Cariappa. after you removed 500 and 1000 notes , At Bangalore a person caught with bribe money asking judge whether it is illegal to keep cash money. So i request you to make law saying that keeping cash say about 10 lakhs is illegal if otherwise found during raid by lokayuth, ACB, IT, ED etc anything above will be taken over by Govt without any investigation.if any wants more let take permission from RBI with suitable reason.

0 0 We are Daily wage earners but Salary only 4000/Per Month Help us

0 0 sir Help us in Assam Medical College Dibrugarh (Assam)

0 0 Respected PM
I have a idea which is sharing with you. I am a government employee. I can't earn 1 crore rupee in whole life during my service period with honesty but in a wrong way it will be possible.As per your guidance black money can be converted to white with payment to tax . Weldon for slap on honesty and labour.

0 0 RESPECTED SIR why demonetisation process not started before DIWALI festival.all the hindus enjoyed much more the DIWALI.BUT THINK OF THE CHRISTIANS AS CHRISTMAS IS COMMING VERY SOON WE ARE NOT ABLE TO CELEBRATE THE FESTIVAL AS LIKE AS OF OUR EXPECTATION AND THE SAME FOR THE MUSLIMS.WE ARE NOT ABLE TO DRAW OUR OWN SALARY/PENSION/FAMILY PENSION FROM THE BANKS/ATM'S.YOUR GOVT TREATED US LIKE DOGS FOR WAITING IN LONG TIME FOR GETTING AN AMOUNT OF(RS-2000/-)POLITICIAN NOT STANDING WHY.

0 0 One more issue like many construction companies gives money to their daily wage workers in old notes instead of new or account transfer. This reduces their black money and also they need not to pay any taxes.
Please sir have a look on the issue.

0 0 As We Are Going In a New Digital Era So For This My Opinion Is PM Should Speak On Technology EGovernance And Development Regard With Sustainable Development And Appreciate All Peoples Engineers/ Ministers/ Volunteers And Many More Who Are behind This Work To Getting This A More Ahead Onwards. PM Should Speak ON Pollution Reducing Appeals From Citizens On Their Levels.OLD city transport Buses Are Too Polluting Cities Should Improve this.
Lastly We Are Proud On Our Hon.PM JAIHIND,JAIBHARAT

0 0 EDUCATION SECTOR: SCHOOL VOUCHER SYSTEM
Currently India is lagging behind in the field of education especially in schools. Several of the developed economies have adopted a voucher system where people can choose to send their children to whichever school they like with amount allotted to them via vouchers.
Centre for Civil Society has implemented it in India in the form of School Voucher for Girls(SVG) in North East Delhi & has yielded positive results.
Please see attached document.

1 0 Dear sir
My name is raushan. I have one idea like if banks starts giving money directly by swiping their cards to swipe machine instead of atm or by withdrawal form it will take less time and even we need not to hurry for calibration of atm because atm takes more process time than card swiping. Then lines outside banks and atm can be less.

0 0 आदरणीय भाय साब आपको हम देश वासियो की ओर से प्रनाम ओर धन्यवाद आगे भी हर अच्छी निर्णय मे हम सभी साथ है ओर प्रत्येक दिन कई लोगो को समझाते है मगर अभी भी आपके कइ सांसद ओर mla को active करना होगा वो लोगो के बीच सही से बाते नही रख पाते हैं उन्पर भी ध्यान दिया जाए  बाकी हम लोग अपने स्तर पर सक्रियता रखे हुवे हे  यदि ओर हमारे लिये निर्देश हो तो ओर हम समय देकर sarkar या parti के लिए काम कर सकते हैं  जय हिंद

0 0 I would like to suggest that in schools whenever some teachers go for long time leave please ensure alternative teachers in place of them

0 0 My suggestion is to reduce the traffic in cities, If possible there should be rule or policy corporate offices need to stop providing parking for four wheeler in week days because lot corporate people come in 4 wheelers with out car pooling which increases the traffic and pollution, so if corporate offices doesn't provide parking for them they will stop coming in vehicles and uses public transport or shuttle services, which also leads to increase in RTC economy and reduces fuel consumption.

0 0 Sir mera naam ashish gupta hai. Sir mujhe yeh kahna hai ki agar aap chate hai ki har businessman  apna business proper bill me kare aur har koi tax de toh. aap ko har shop par checking karni hogi jineke pas factory se directly products aate hai agar aisa hota hai toh har dukandar factory wale se bill ki demand karega aur ise aap ko bhi asani hogi sabh ke kaam check karne ke liya.

0 0 1.There should be a lesson about black money from 6th standard till 12th standard. When students know clearly about black money and white money they will prefer to earn only white money when they start earning.
2. I think you should make some strict orders that anyone who is refusing digital payment through net transfer should be fined or should be warned. Mainly school fees they refuse for digital payment even we are ready.

0 0 माननीय मोदीजी,
हमारे एरिया में कई डोक्टोरो के करंट अकाउंट नही है, सब सेविंग अकाउंट में लिमिटेड पैसा डालते है. बाकि कैश में जमा करते है. ऐसे तो अनगिनत डॉक्टर होंगे जिनकी आवक लाखोमें है. क्या डोक्टोरो के लिए डिग्री के अनुसार इनकम टैक्स स्लैब अलग नही होना चाहिए. जैसे की एम्.डी. डॉक्टर एम्.बी.बी.एस से बहोत ज्यादा कमाते हे. एम्.एस.डॉक्टर एम्.डी.से ज्यादा कमाते है. इनकी वार्षिक आवक बहोत ज्यादा होती है. क्या ये लोग व्याजिब इनकम टेक्स भरते है? इनके लिए सख्त कानून बनाइये. जय हिन्द.

0 0 इस बार कैशलेस होने व उसके लाभ/फायदे के बिषय पर मन की बात कार्यक्रम से माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी को जनता के सामने अपने विचार रखने चाहिये.

0 0 Namaste Sir,
Unless we have people of character, our country wont maintain its glories. Please speak about stress on CHARACTER BUILDING IN ALL SCHOOLS. Moral science has become, just a period which others can borrow to complete maths or science. Therefore there are lots of problems like divorce, corrupt politicians, robbery, scams. Now a days people of good character are mocked at. Please do something to make proper value education is given in schools because in many houses both parents go out.

0 0 Great step against the corruption of black money.
But these high amount of black money in India is due to high range of tax that are taken by our Indian government...our government takes tax from 10 to 30% that is too much.so normally the people whose income is more than 10 lack will definately not pay the tax of 30% and he will hide his income so black money will formed.
So to stop the corruption against black money the tax should be decrease to 5-10%...
Thus,salute to Mr.narendra modi...

0 0 माननीय मोदीजी,
में मुकेश राठोड अहमदाबाद गुजरात से लिख रहा हूँ. जो नोट्बन्धी का फैसला आपने लिया है. बहोत अच्छा किया है. मेरी बीवी और बेटेको चिकन गुनिया हो गया है. खाना भी बहार से मंगवाना पड़ता है. मेरे पास बैंक में पैसे है. में दोनों की दवाई और खानेका खर्चा कार्ड से कर रहा हूँ. बहोत दिक्कत हो रही है, लेकिन में अपने बच्चोके लिए इतनी तकलीफ तो बर्दाश्त करही सकता हूँ. आप इतना विरोध जेल के भी हमारे सुरक्षित भविष्य केलिए सब कर रहे है तो भारतीय होने के नाते हमारा भी फ़र्ज़ है के आप का साथ दे. जय हिन्द.

0 0 Dear PM, It is with great shock that I hear that Political parties are allowed to deposit their money in old currency notes.Political parties are immune to Taxation as well. In that case it is so very easy for the polititians who have amassed huge money to deposit the money as the party fund and escape.I was really proud to see you taking this revolusionary step of demonetizing 500Rs and 1000Rs.However,I am really heart broken to see the excercise diluted by such announcement
Thanks,
Arpitha

0 0 Their are some suggestions in order to improve education
1. Use smart class , specially in in govt schools
2. Make Use child management software compulsory so parents gets updated about the growth of their childrens.
3. Provide an option of fees in this software so govt. gets updated about the fees module of each and every school
4. Everything should be online including fees submission to the schools.
For this you don't need to hire people because existing teachers can easily handle this.

0 0 #MyGov
SUGGESTION FOR SOLVING DEMONETIZATION ISSUES :
PLEASE FIND THE ATTACHMENT

0 0 Today, Rahul Gandhi said that only 1% people have black money.  Pl. ask why they did not take action against 1% for 10 years.  He also said that black money is in real eastate and not in cash.  Please state that why his Govt. did not take action against black marketeers in real estate for 10 years.  He asked you to indicate the names of account holders in Swiss Banks.  Pl. indicate that Congress Govt. signed such agreements with Swiss Govt. due to which names cannot be disclossed.

0 0 Please also put some boundation to the school fees it goes on increasing day by day.It is very much difficult for a middle class family to provide education to their child in those schools.
Government teachers are very much educated then why their childrens do study in private schools. Why they do not try to study their own childrens in govt. schools.
Its my humble request please pay some attention to education sector also and do something that is in favour of a middle class student of India.

0 0 आदरणीय PM G आज राजनीति मे एक ही लोग हर जगह वर्चस्व जमा लिए है या पीढ़ी वादी हावी है।बेशक डाक्टर का संतान डाक्टर बन सकता है,वकील का संतान वकील.पर इन सब को परीक्षा देकर पढ़ाई करना पढता है।नेता के लिए कोई बाध्यता नही।कोई विधायक, मंत्री सांसद है तो गर्व से कहते है 5 बार से हू,यानि 25 साल,औरो का पूरा जीवन निकल जाता है,कार्य कर-कर के उसके बाद उसके संतान का,ऐसी प्रथा बंद होनी चाहिए।देश मे सभी वर्ग को नेतृत्व सीखने का करने का मौका मिलना चाहिए।
#PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat, #AIR, #MyGov

0 0 Respected Narendra Modi,
My topic is " Education ".Because education is the basic of all the things. Most of people in India are unaware of many things that effects their life. They are unaware of what is the real meaning of black money, how it effects their life, What are their fundamental rights , how they use their rights etc. Why don't we use digital education system, Child Development Softwares in govt.schools, So the students of govt schools will equally gets knowledge as private student

1 0 most of the people are talking about problems w.r.to demonetization. But my friends (Chandramouli and Narasimha) want to help both customers and banks from long queues and developed a mobile application which will be of great help.
Here is a demo of their product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd3Tol13HJM
Please mention it and spread the word. Help our fellow indians in right time.

0 0 Sir,
Please take the following 2 steps to ensure immediate relief to nation standing in ATM queues for money.
1)extend waiver of charges on all edc machines till 31st jan.
2)make it mandatory for all edc machine holders to pay Rs 2000 cash to customers on swiping debit cards(some stores like easy day and VMart are already doing it,but if small retailers of entire nation stand for the cause,the entire problem will end in few days)
Rgds,
NAVEEN CHANDRA
JALANDHAR(PUNJAB)

0 0 Respected sir,
i would like you to speak on Needs of Digitalisation and how it can Simplfy Common man life and save time, Benefits of Digital payment which will Regularise maximum cash usage ,As the country moves towards a cashless environment after demonetisation

1 0 Dear Sir,
I understand you have quite good brains but once again I am back to share my bit to the nation with some more idea and analysis that I have been doing ever since my struggle days for Job. Today in spite of yours, common people and many other public service employees dedicated efforts to make demonetization successful, we are hearing about the grass root corruption and often hear people saying that it is infused in our bloods every one is corrupt.
More details I have attached...

0 0 ban online gambling  in https://www.rummycircle.com/    which create block money

0 0 आदरनीय प्रधानमंत्री जी मैं एक छोटे से गांव में रहने बाला एक छात्र हूँ मैने आपको अपना आदर्श मान लिया है और निर्णय लिया है की जो कार्य आप निस्वार्थ हो कर देश के लिए  करेंगे उस में मुझसे जो हो सकेगा करूँगा चाहे वो डिजिटल इंडिया का सपना हो या केश लेश भारत का । आपको जानकर ये आसचर्य होगा क़ि जब आपने स्वच्छ भारत अभियान चलाया मैंने उसमे अपनी पढ़ाई से हर रोज एक दो घंटे का समय निकालकर अपने गाव को स्वच्छ बनाने के लिए मैंने खुद झाड़ू उठाया और बीते 1 साल में गाव की तस्वीर बदल दी । इसी तरह आपने जो केशलेश इकॉनमी

0 0 Cyber Security. How well our cyber crime department works and how to approach them. what all cases can be handled by the cyber cell. Location of nearest cyber cell. Online FIR for cyber crime.

0 0 Mission to make india under cctv surveillance 24*7 it will check crime in India.
Will it be possible to make all bussiness establisment comercial buldings flats etc to install atleast one cctv facing the road for all comercial establisment and all govt office.if such rule is passed then it will be manditory for bussiness establisment to install cctv which will help us to have 24*7 cctv surveillance india.

0 0 All plans of Govt of India are successfully going on. If Jan Dhan accounts are to be reopened for some days that will be better. If the consultants are to be engaged for the rural development how to do the business ( trained digitally) and earn from business and deposit tax to govt  that will be better . At a time 125 crores people having cash in hand Rs 2000/- more or less and they have purchasing power from here digital economy will start and from zero level increase demand and supply.

0 0 आदरणीय, हमारे प्रधानमंत्री जी।
 मैं आपके कई कायों को सराहा है, आपने जो मानव उत्थान के लिए जो कार्य किया है वह अद्वितीय है। मैं अपने आस-पास रह रहे मानसिक रूप से अपंग लोगो के उत्थान के लिए भी कार्य योजनाए बना होना चाहिए, जिससे की उनका कल्याण हो सके। इसके लिए सरकारी अस्पतालो मे मनोचिकित्सक और परामर्शदाताओ की नियुक्ति की जाए जिससे उसका आतिशीघ्र उपचार हो सके.

0 0 banks are out of point of sale machine stock . kindly make it available .

0 0 most respected, sir I am pleased to give a chance to put up my view. i would like to draw govt.attention toward our helth system.without revamping healt care system we couldnot succed our destination. if we see the health care system in all villages are very wrost codition there is  no adequet medicine are availabe in primer heath care. there is need of commitment to encourage all citizen of this country to spread awarenees among them.

0 0 Respected Sir,
              Please make sure that new Rs.500 notes arrive in Karaikudi (Tamil Nadu) also.

0 0 Time for TrAn$ItIOn:
1: Rural retail development. e Mandis plan proper amd through implementation
2: Equal distribution of liquid capital in the hands of real white spenders. It can be filtered
3: Compliance along with audits
Optional topic:
1: Power of digital economy---real examples with rewards and recognition(already started by nItI AAyog.
1: One IndIA one uniform civil code(dependent on amount of tax paid and amount of money earned and contributions back towards society.

0 0 sir please discuss about issues pertaining to social inequality that still exists in the society and take action. and please end reservation system. i as an nri am requesting though ive studied college under foreigner reservation. please do it it will help billions of indians make their dreams come true.

0 0 If you have put service tax on 18% slab then I would request to put it in 12% slab in new tax regime which is coming in form of GST. That will help one and all.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister. Sir, In my opinion enough is not done for propagating digital transactions.  Even educated persons and people living in cities do not know how to use UPI, USSD and other payment methods offered.  A start up like Paytm 25% of which is owned by a foreign company has become so popular among a very small group.  Will it not be possible to organize volunteers in groups to educate people in the remotest villages/towns/cities?  I feel this can be achieved in a short time.

0 0 Another suggestion sir. As a part of the citizens forum we can have an individual representing the forum in each city who will be responsible in accumulation of feedback and send it back to you. 
This way you will get ground level feedback. Willing to lead this initiative. 
Yours truly 
Karthik

0 0 Respected sir,hume apne India ko digital banane k liye mere pas ek achha vikalp h.jisme hum govt.ya private schools me hone wali parents teacher meeting me ek ghante ka lecture parents k liye bhi rakhenge.jaha unhe apke dwara kisi bhi nayi janhitt yojna k achhe  bure k bare me smjhaya jayega aur jo bhi pareshaniya hongi unke solutions bhi btaye jayenge. jaise aajkal paise bhugtan k liye "USSD" ta tarika samjhana aur bhi isi trh kuch.sahi mayne me yahi parents meeting hogi. Jai Hind Jai bharat.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I wish to wholeheartedly congratulate you on the Demonetisation idea. As a citizen I welcome the implementation and understand it's implications. I am of the opinion that this is definitely for the good of our country in the long run. 
As a citizen I am willing to undergo whatever little inconvenience it may cause in the interim period.
Just a small suggestion sir. Can we form a citizens forum in every city that will give the centre feedback on every scheme that is rolled out

0 0 India में Weak  Mobile Network एक बड़ी Problem है |अगर network की download और upload स्पीड अच्छी हो तो डिजिटल पेमेंट  अवश्य ही success होगा | यद्यपि central government द्वारा किये जा रहे प्रयासों से यह network problem अवश्य ही दूर हो जायेगी |

1 0 Respected Prime Minister,
I Deepika Bhalla,student would like to share my view regarding demolishing poverty and achieving Swach Bharat Abhiyan by providing all the beggers in our country a Compulsory registration under their separate category and providing them employment in the sector sanitation, cleaning roadsides, planting trees around the country,cleaning Yamuna water etc so that we can eradicate poverty in the country and also achieve our prime agenda of Swach Bharat Abhiyan.
Regards.

0 0 sir,we need to cautious card user on safety issue for many mobile based transfer.Best solution FOR OUR SOCIETY is Adhara BASED ADHARA bank prepaid card,swap within jurisdiction and top up on request to curtail wrong use,so also small traders can get easy swap machine from Adhara,transaction security can remain bio matrix with card or without. mobile based payment is not secured,if mobile lost any body can misuse bank detail.due to bad connectivity many card transaction fails

0 0 want to give training on cashless. methods of fund transfer by mobile and advantage of this techniq

0 0 Note bandi ke leye 50 din nahi ,, bas 7 din ka time dena chyea…. Jiske pas purene note hai . wo note khali jama hone chyea tha. Bas
Koi note bank se nahi nikal sakta.. un 7 din tak.
7 days ke bad new note milna chyea….
Ab ki bar purene note band kare to… bilkul  . new note nahi milega …. Next 5 to 7 dayes. Aisa hona chyea
Rajeswar biswal
9853261665

0 0 there should be a internet free technology for transfer money via mobile.

0 0 Respected Sir
It is humble request if we want cashless system in India there are one of idea if Government give strictly order to all Commercial Gas connection holder,Commercial electricity bills holder and all license(registered)shopkeepers to take an ATM Swipe Machine (it can open annual income) . After this condition there are public easily handle this cashless situation but problem is this most of shopkeeper are refused this because they need cash currency to convert it into black money

1 0 Respected Sir, I want to give training on how to make and use of android app for GOVT SCHOOL STUDENTS in rural area TOTAL FREE OF COST i want to  start from GWALIOR DIST (MP) i want to permission from authorities.

0 0 डिजिटल पेमेंट के लिए ,India का एक सुरक्षित platform (website) होना चाहिए | अगर इंडिया का कोई नागरिक , इंडिया के किसी दुसरे नागरिक को money pay करना चाहता है | तो वो केवल उस website or APPS का ही use करे | उसमे ऐसा कुछ टेक्नोलॉजी use करनी चाहिए कि Payment करने वाले person को  Reciever का Photo & distance भी दिखाई दे |इसको use करने के लिए आधार number आवश्यक होना चाहिए  |इसमें हाई security भी आवश्यक है |OPT number और पासवर्ड भी जरुरी हो |

1 0 most respectable Mr Narendra Modi ji, there should be a  limit to withdraw cash from bank accont any type of account. there is no need to draw more than 50 thousand per month by any person firm or company.

0 0 If we can make India a knowledge center of the world which requires having world class educational institutions and centers of learning we will be able to excel in every area of science and technology.Innovations and patents will become more routine.To make India a knowledge hub of the world it is imperative to have every citizen enrolled in schools and universities studying any field from a multi-disciplinary syllabus so that each person becomes a contributor to the society.

0 0 Respected Modiji,
Tablet Banking in Kerala: This is a good example of one of the many ways the good citizens of India should act to tackle the difficulties in the path of a great program like demonetisation.
In the Malappuram District of Kerala, Bankers reach customers' house to deliver cash.  https://www.facebook.com/amritatelevision/videos/1277428195610805/ 
Please mention in the Man Ki Baath program so that many local Banks can adopt this.
Thank you.  With love.  Rajasree G.

0 0 Honorable PM,I like all progressive ideas that can transform the nation regardless of where it comes from.Your idea of a cashless society is laudable but it requires a nation of educated people.In India the vast majority of people who go to schools don't have access to quality education.Higher education is also not of the quality that is being imparted in the western countries.There is a need for establishing a university campus in every district so that every person can keep on studying.

1 0 Respected Sir,
Rewards & Cashback for online payment is a nice idea to encourage people to do online payment. But there are so many shopkeepers who don't accept cards even if they have machine available.
They say that below certain amount we don't accept cards. Either do cash payment or buy some more items.
Some shopkeepers say you have to pay 2% more on card payment.
Can we introduce some rewards scheme for such shopkeepers, so that they will accept cards even for 50, 75 Rs transactions.

2 0 Hon'ble
The recent corageous decision of demonetization will prove good for India in long run. I took a 2 day trip of rural Maharashtra-people are calm but a bit unhappy with bank irregularities.   Need to run an AWARENESS CAMPAIGN in regional languages all over India at grass root.
I am ready to contribute my time. Qualified, well traveled, dedicated people will certainly be useful for making a glorious India.
All the best.
Abhay Jagdale -BE, MBA,DME,PDFT(25 yrs global exp.)
08390160777

0 0 An incident in our city shook me. It was a gangster who attacked a shop keeper for there was rush at the shop as he refused to take home delivery order. The gangsters beat the owners & staff brutually & police wont register an FIR as the gangsters are a kin of the chief minister.
To deal with the FIRs pls make a call center which can record FIR requests basis criteria given - on which official must respond in fixed time & give reasons if FIR not recorded.

0 0 Sir, Make policy for footpath (which have disappeared), policy for Parking (roads has been shortened),very strict & quick action  policy for breaking traffic rules, our cities has becomes disasterous  in living.

0 0 digitilisation a great idea banks should insure all accounts for 50000 against digital fraud banks should spend money on protecting systems from fraud . money can be raised by making interest on savings accounts zero if anyone wants to earn interest on deposits they should go in for fixed deposits

0 0 Dear sir,
There is no doubt about that Demonetization is a great step against black money and Counterfeit currency but i guess this is not the end, as a citizen of India i also i have responsibility to support on this, based on that I have one idea which helps our country to check Counterfeit currency.
Please have a look my idea from attached file and give your opinion on this. I am eager to have interaction with you on this. Believe me sir this would help us to great extent.

0 0 REWARD FOR DIGITAL PAYMENT,
I suggest A TAX-DISCOUNT SYSTEM.
DISCOUNT of 5% FLAT to every digital transaction in current or KYC mercant account and bank transaction tax of 0.5% on receiving current or KYC merchant account.
Discount will be credited once citizen file income tax annually.
tax will be charge at time of transaction.
Advantage will be more citizen will file income-tax.
Effective Lower tax slab for Digital Citizen of every segment of society. Thus promote Digital Payments.

1 0 Dear Modiji, The english year2016 is coming to an end. Why not you administer an oath to all the viewwers " to abhor corruption and each citizen take a vow not to be corrupt  or encourage corruption in all walks life. For all those who submit a signed "Oath'to PMO can get a autographed photo of Sri Modiji which will remind them to throw  corruption out of our country so that they can be happy and proud!

0 0 Sir,There is no doubt on the developmental agendas you have chosen for the country.as a citizen of the country I would like to suggest that some big step to be taken for saving our country from future environmental hazards.sir, you very well know the situation of Delhi and other metro cities.may be this country is not yet prepared for this development.I would be extremely happy if you take some actions for sustainable development.I am well versed with your namami gange programme.do it for states

0 0 Agst. corruption need income tax ,sales tax & any other revenue department all discussion done with assessing officer under CCTV & Video recording  supervision. it will be very strong action agst. corruption

0 0 Becoming Cashless will be a great step towards clean India.
The hurdles being met are:
1) Still State /Central Govt Official are not changing their attitude leading to problems to common people even elite people like us. 2)State/Centre Govt should simplify rules to to extend services easily to all Citizens. Govt Officials should work as assistant as being paid by common man, 3) Wifi is scarce, Free wifi to access all services be made available in each and every corner of india (

1 0 Mr.Prime minister,
    As the Government is promoting cashless transaction,I have a good suggestion of promoting it a bit more.Sir,the gas subsidy which the Government gives should only be given when you have cashless payment for your gas cylinders.In order to get subsidy,people will learn to use e-methods of payment.
Further,there can be 2 rates for the petrol,one for the cash payment and another for the cashless payment.

1 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Bharat ko digital banana hain to hame cyber crime se bhi nipatna hoga, so hame strong cyber law banana hoga, LLB me cyber law as a syllabus include karna, Sarkar ko ethical hacker ki recruitment karni hogi. Aur ek jaruri baat, bharat me online payment 3d secure hain, but out of bharat 2d secure hain, so sarkar ko niyam banana chahiye ke foreign ki koi site pe agar bhartiya debit/credit card se payment ho to wo 3d secure hi ho.
Jay Bharat

1 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Aapko abhinandan note bandhi, swachcha bharat abhiyan aur black money per nakel kasne ke liye. Sir bharat me digitalization ka yug sharu hone vala hain, toh iska shubh aarambh kyu na bazaar me kuch jagaho pe payment compulsory card se ya wallet se karvaya ke kiya jaye. Jese ki shopping mall, multiplex, cricket stadium, bade schools and colleges. Aur tv-refrigerator jese home appliances, Car ya scooter ka payment sirf check se, card se ya wallet se hi kiya jaye.

1 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Most of the educational institutions are run by politicians whose sole purpose is to earn money rather than providing learning. Please announce something so that good teachers can come forward and make a small beginning in starting true institutions of learning. If their is a common infrastructure which can be used by such teachers, it will help. Teachers who come up with innovative content may then compete for time-slots of such infrastructure facility.

0 0 #Demonetisaion #Black Money #Corruption
Idea - All Currency Notes of Denomination INR 2000 Should have a manufacturing with an expiry date (Approx 3 Years)
After the expiry - It has to be necessary exchanged with the Bank - Otherwise the currency will have no value

0 0 Dear Sir, Pl find my thoughts re demonitisation and the root cause for corruption. 
Regards,
Ranjana Jain (9989144761)

0 0 Mr. Prime Minister, any plans to curb black money menace in real estate - landlords. I am an immigrant in Bangalore. Here landlords demand at least 10 months advance as security deposit in cash. Even rent is taken as cash. No way these transactions can be tracked & it becomes black money. Once the tenant vacates the house and asks for return of deposit, landlords put deaf ear and return meager amount after irrelevant deductions. This affects every migrant coming to work in other cities of India.

0 1 Respected PM sir,
Please verify balance sheet of companies with high debt against promoter net investment (share offered price for promoters and no. of shares against offered to public) by expert team at ROC and BSE. you will find large malpractice. with this common share holder will protected by scam .

0 0 Prime Minister Ji, what are your plans to curb black money menace in real estate - tenants and landlords. I stay as an immigrant in Bangalore. Landlords in Bangalore demand at least 10 months advance as security deposit. Ex: if the rent is 17000/- then a tenant has to first pay 1,70,000/- as security deposit in cash. Once the tenant vacates the house and ask back the deposit landlords returns less amount (deduct one month rent for painting + many other deductions on normal wear and tear).

2 1 Dear Sir,
You need to give prizes to public for showing in-efficiency and corruption in the govt. e.g.( 1 ) Fake a/c in the bank ( 2 ) Fake Aadhar a/c ( 3 ) Fake voter card ( 4 ) Passport relating with PAN Card so that duplicate passport will NOT be issued. Involvement of public with prizes in lakhs and crores will eliminate the corruption and black money. ( 5 ) All 4 , 3 wheeler should be required to submit their PAN card, Vehicle for petrol and diesel filling. Start this Delhi.

0 0 आदरणीय और हम सबके प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
#Demonetisation जैसा साहस पूर्ण फैसला करने के लिए आपको साधुवाद । मैं और मेरा परिवार पिछले दो साल से डिजिटल पेमेंट का उपयोग कर रहे थे इस लिए मेरे परिवार को कोई समस्या नहीं हुई। 8नवम्बर को ऐलान के दिन मेरे परिवार के पास भी बड़ा नोट नहीं था जिसे हमें बदलने की ज़रूरत पड़ती।
सर मेरा सुझाव है 25दिसम्बर को वाजपेयीजी का जन्मदिन सुशासन दिवस के रूप में मनाया जाता है उसी तरह भारतरत्न मालवीयजी का जन्मदिन धूम धाम से मनाया जाएं ताकि भावी पीढ़ी भी उनके योगदान को याद रखे।

1 0 प्यारे प्रधानमंत्री जी,
आपने एक कहावत तो सुनी ही होगी "घर का भेदी लंका ढाए" बस उसी तरह आप एक वेबसाइट पोर्टल बनाइये यहाँ कोईभी काले धन की गुप्त जानकारी उसपर दे सके और आयकर विभाग पूरी छानबीन करके उसपर सही एक्शन ले सके। पर बताने वाले का नाम गुप्त रखा जाए। अब आप सोच रहे होगे की कोई ऐसी जानकारी भले कैसे देगा? अगर जानकारी १००% सच्ची साबित हुई तो उसे भी उसका कुछ हिस्सा देना होगा। जैसे १% या २%. और वैसे भी भारत में देशप्रेमी बहुत है...बाकि आप पर निर्भर है धन्यवाद।

0 0 Dear Shri Modi Ji...In view of issue of so much black money, can we have a validity of all big currencies like 500,1000 and 2000. So that people are unable to stock these big notes. If there is a validity period mentioned in these notes. No One can keep it for long and we can avoid the black money problem.
Thanx and Best Regards....Sandeep Sharma

2 0 Education is perhaps the most important measure and a tool, especially in a democracy like ours. The whole system has to be radically reformed and I hope The Prime Minister will talk about it

1 0 માનનીય પ્રધાનમંત્રી,
      હું એક મેડિકલ વિધાર્થી છું.મારુ નામ દ્રષ્ટાંત પ્રજાપતિ છે. હું  અમદાવાદ માં બી.જે.મેડિકલ કોલેજ માં અભ્યાસ કરું છું.હું આપને એક વિચાર મોકલવા માંગુ છું.
   વિચાર : "DIGITAL PRESCRIPTION" APPLICATION
#MannKiBaat #MyGov
       મને લાગે છે કે આ વિચાર આપણા ડિજિટલ ઇન્ડિયા ના પ્રોગ્રામ ને મદદરરૂપ થઇ શકશે।
 મેં તેના ફાયદાઓ એક png FILE સાથે જોડીને મોકલ્યા છે.

1 0 Can the PM please address the issue of education in our country. The whole system was introduced by the British and we are following it even today. It is a vastly outdated system and needs immediate attention in order for it to be reformed

0 0 After demonetization the public need to feel that it is working in their favor and standing in queues is not big deal. For this government need to make the next budget under the view that can benefit the common peoples specially youths, women’s, poor’s, farmers, small traders, middle class and neo middle class. If the government fail to this than it will be vulnerable for risk in the huge political cost.  The upcoming assembly elections may be become tough fight. Here is the some suggestions:

0 0 Respected sir,
            I want to suggest please give age relaxation in Police Sub Inspector exam of Maharashtra police as declared by gov of Maharashtra on 25 April 2016 in exam which conducted by MAHARASHTRA PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION. Exam scheduled on 12 March 2017

0 0 Sir,
I think if computer science is made compulsury subject  like maths science from very begining like from class iv v in all educational institute including state govtgovt then it will increase student interest in computer science and it will help digital India move and also several teaching job will be created for Computer Science Degree holder then they will never face the problem of getting job.

2 0 Sir,
Continue with my below comment…  And another corruption- Government authorized Aaddhar Card Centers in PUNE are taking money  for Aadhaar card creation. I believe it’s free for all people. Request to please look at this issue. People are facing issue. Thanks

0 0 ನಿಮ್ಮ ದೃಢ ನಿರ್ಧಾರಕ್ಕೆ ನಮ್ಮ ಸ್ವಾಗತ

0 0 Hi Sir,
I would like to personally appreciate the way you are working for the country. I believe that “government employees are the Backbone of the any nation” to build the beautiful country. But Few corrupted officers whom are used to bribed. Need to be strict punishment by low because they are playing with their power. In Pune Traffic police officers bribing new style giving his phone no. call him latter and pay money. One LIVE e.g. Name–Sachin Arun Khopkar (M) 09881145314.
Thank You.

0 0 Dear Sir
Fuel surcharge on payment through Debit and credit card is biggest hurdle in making cash refuelling at petrol pump. even benefit of .75% will not help.
majority public refuelling for less than Rs 400 in one time and surcharge for the same is Rs 10 to 15. which is too much.

0 0 Sir,
I am very happy on daring action taken about Demonization of currency notes and destroying the mission of the lot Black money hoarders. Still you can take necessary action on tax evaders gangs like educational coaching institutions charging unreasonable money from the students, pvt.builders and also traders whose income is still not in the net of IT deptt.
Implementation of GST in the forthcoming financial year is an introduction, certain other reforms are still required.

0 0 Make it offence to force people to pay rent, scholl fee, donations by cash. Announce All India TOLL FREE and Anonymous number for citizens to share Info about people who insist on Cash payments.

0 0 please provide money insurance for online transactions by govt to valued indian citizens freely and advise peoples to avail it

0 1 https://www.rt.com/news/370425-india-toilets-women-rape/
Lack of toilets contributing to rise of rape in India – study

2 0 महोदय प्रणाम,
देश मे उच्च न्यायालयों से लेकर शीर्ष न्यायालयों तक में मुकदमो का अम्बार लगा हुआ है। इनमें से अधिकांश मुकदमे ऐसे हैं जिनमे सरकार ही पक्षकार(वादी या प्रतिवादी)है और इस दुष्प्रवृत्ति की घोर पक्षधर कांग्रेस पार्टी रही है। विभिन्न मंत्रालयों द्वारा विधिक उपचारो के दुरूपगयोग को रोकने हेतु पी एम ओ की तरफ से कठोर एडवाइजरी जारी की जाय एवम् वित्तीय संसाधनो का दुरुपयोग करने वाले मंत्रालयों के बजट में कटौती की जाय ।

0 0 Sir,
I have a thought,that cigarette company are making good money and they can contribute to the nation by building smoking corner just like bank open ATMs or pay and use toilets. Here, person can get cigarette from the machine and smoke there only. Just like atms machine or pay and use toilets, it should be stalled on each corner of the city(at least can be planned for smart cities).
Regards
Anand

0 0 Respected PM Saheb,
Attached herewith find the file for your kind perusal and necessary action.
SWAPAN SEN
Mobile No.9430558871

0 0 Respected PM
I am very happy on action taken about Demonization and destroy the Black money holders. Still you can take necessary action on Gold Merchant. They have to put MRP Rate and give the proper Bill. Each and every person have to use Compulsory Cashless MoneyTransfer. People have to buy gold only through DebitCard/Credit Card/ PayTM App. So that our Governement can Collect proper Tax.

0 0 Respected PM,
I suggest to install Fake Detection Device in every ATM machine to save common man from getting Fake notes from ATM.Bank is checking currencies in the aforesaid machine while taking deposit but the common people gets Fake notes while taking from ATMs.
I have personally suffered.
Yours faithfully,
SWAPAN SEN             My Mobile No.9430558871

0 0 I want to suggest the nationalization of the education system in India may be by step by step pre-primary, primary, secondary, higher secondary, college levels. Which would positively affect the  quality of education and related services like good engineers, good doctors etc. Also most of the private education institutes are hub of corruption.

0 0 the goverment is promoting payment by card, i suggest penalty to those who refuse payment by this mode. Some shop keepers are restricting this to only amt. more than rs 200/-

0 0 sir,
This is very important information related to Corruption held in Suwidha center punjab.

0 0 I want to suggest the nationalization of the education system in India may be by step by step pre-primary, primary, secondary, higher secondary, college levels. Which would positively affect the  quality of education and related services like good engineers, good doctors etc. Also most of the private education institutes are hub of corruption.

0 0 In energy sector again emphasis may be given for producing electricity from city garbage which is abundantly available round the year this will definately increase cleanliness and solve energy problem. Garbage based small energy plants in villages will be very useful. maintaining small gober gas plants is not easy for every one. But if Village level plants are established they can give employment and help another future project like. " Ujjwala piped gober gas yojna"

