62 6 Namaste Modiji, 
Ek aagrah hai, aap Pollution kam karne ke liye Vriksharopan ko badhawa dene ki baat karein. Jis tarah Swachh Bharat ek mahatwapoorn kadam tha, Vriksharopan bhi hai. 
Ise rojgar se bhi jor kar dekh sakte hain. Highway pe log Fal k ped laga sakte hain aur unke fal bech kar rojgar ke awasar utpan kar sakte hain.
Pollution kam karne k liye Ethanol ki baat sahi kahi aapne, ispe kuchh kanoon banane ki jarurat padegi. Abhi ethanol nahi milta diesel k sath.

22 1 focus on making Smoothe travel by bus, rail, air travel by using eco friendly energy. Hassle free rial reservation and   more train on heavy load track area. for example towards North UP,  Bihar,  and WB and south Mumbai, Gujarat

32 4 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, the clean & green world initiated by you is a great service to the mankind and we take pride that you are our leader to the world.

15 3 #Surajya(5/n) 3. MNREGA: Here I would like to state that definitely Congress has meshed up, now let it put in right direction. I am surprised why this scheme is not being utilized in nation building.
Still this scheme is being utilized in making excavation, then that place gets filled up then again people are making excavation at the very same location. Hence by illusion of increasing capacity of reservoir, nothing is happening at all. No contribution towards nation building.

40 0 #Surajya (4/n)Collector ->----- -> Village sarpanch.
1.	Let Village Sarpanch report how many unskilled youth is actually residing in his village.
2.	And what actions are being taken.
3.	Who are teaching them.
4.	No of people who are not taking part.
5.	Etc.
Pls do make somebody accountable.

6 0 #Surajya (3/n)In remote area still youth are unaware about it. They till date do not know what “Skill India” scheme is or govt is more curious about enhancing their life. If this things can’t be eradicated than money of ours to skill youth will definitely be utilized even substantially. Pls do take necessary steps to improve over this situation.
Here I would like to suggest one mode:
Collector ->----- -> Village sarpanch.

8 0 #sURAJYA(2/N)
2. Skill India: Everybody is making their eye for its success. Failure of this scheme if there definitely India will have to pay a heavy cost. There is no doubt India’s literacy is increasing but unemployment is increasing at faster rate.
Well hare what a think till date govt has failed to incorporate this scheme effectively.
I have gone thru the pattern of implementation of this scheme by govt, this scheme needs more attention, marketing from govt side.

15 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, the hard work out in by you is worth appreciation but a common man is still not relieved of problems relating to basic needs of life so do something more urgently

8 1 #Surajya
Dear Sir,
What i am perceiving in society at present time, I would like to strongly recommend the following suggestions for improving the existing schemes:
1. "Swachha Bharat" a distinguished and definitely its our fundamental right to get desirable environment: While every citizen of India wishes for its success but fact of the matter is that nobody wants to contribute towards this willingly. According to my perception this scheme should have been linked to Panchayat or Municipali

13 2 India needs more railway tracks to increase trains,speed. the existing tracks are over loaded. We need more trains for reliable and good service, to move the economy. It is suggested that instead of a Bullet train we use the fund or ask the Japanese government to add new tracks which will allow more public to use, increase the average speed to 150, reliable signalling system better. How many people will be able to afford bullet train. Instead use same fund we  may be able to lay 1200 Kilometer.

1 0 my suggestion is to make more transparent public friendly information system. more Focus on to save nature means start 'tree festival', Bio diversity Festival, Health and Sanitation awarness programs , Energy awareness festivals etc

3 0 #Surajya Girls pursuing Masters in Economics should be placed at a very respectable position (dream of RBI Governor Mr.Raghuram Rajan) will come true.India desperately needs good economist and female in economics (SONE PE SUHAGA)

3 0 #Surajya To generate effective investment,household saving should be encouraged. RBI Tax Free Bonds for senior citizens should be reintroduced. Further rising pollution in major cities like Delhi is matter of great concern. Environment tax on medium and large cars, SUVs should be progressively imposed- 20-60 per cent of list price of car. Price differential should be imposed on price of fuel for big cars and SUVs. Pollutants should pay more.

1 0 #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov In most polluted metros of India only EURO-VI(BS6)compliant vehicles should be registered.Till they are manufactured in India such engines and Euro-VI compliant petrol/diesel should be imported from other countries so that air pollution level can be controlled with out Odd Even formula.

2 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modiji.
It is my request to you to change the name of our country at international level from India to Bharat. The reason is, when Britishers when conquered America, the native of that land were Red Indians and we at East of Britain are similar to Red Indians, hence they came to our land with name of East India Company. This means we are also inferior like Red Indians in America. Hence should change the name of our country from India to Bharat internationally.

3 0 # Surajya... Late but not the least. 'Mygov' is itself, a very nice platform made by the present govt. It can help the govt to get public opinions and ideas on any issue. I see India powered by billion brains.
We all together can make change, We can be develop, prosperous and smart nation with conserving our sociocultural and bio-ecological diversity.

4 0 Based on the OBJECTIVES OF SURAJYA , government can integrate all the people who working for the same purpose and give a platform in every field with IT SUPPORT LIKE THIS FORUM . for an example to kill corruption many NGO has been working ,govt must integrate those ideas through brainstorming in a continuous manner and find way to implement it. governance should be on process focused and outcome oriented , MANY YOUNG PEOPLE READY TO WORK FOR NATION CAN USE THE FORUM IRRESPECTIVE OF THEIR FIELD

1 0 For better rural development,speedy services to the common man and corruption less environment intermediate systems like zila parishad and panchayat samitee should be removed.It will save a huge money which can be utilised for other beneficial development projects.

1 1 #Surajya is inclusive development for the main street. In this direction, one has to keep in mind subsidies for poor should continue, exemptions for rich should be scrapped. It is surprising, that social security for the main street is insignificant compared to counterparts in developed countries.High unemployment rate among the educated youth is distressing. To generate effective investment to generate jobs, there is a need to encourage household savings.

4 0 I am from north east state TRIPURA and a travel agent by profession. Sir there is less opportunities for lower income groups to travel and acquire newer opportunities of business/jobs form other developed cities in INDIA. Though rail will be operated from march 16- April 16 a gr8 success (MEGA BLOCK). Now Assam Agartala NS is in very bad condition. So we want to come in contact with whole India quickly and easily. I am Greatly inspired by our respected PM.

0 0 To establish the spirit of" SURAJYA CONCEPT". As per my self-perception"PRIME DUTY OF OUR ELITE LEADERS'TO FORMULATE NEW RULES OF LAW IN TIME TO TIME AS PER PRESENT SCENARIO & ALSO TO LOOK AFTER SERIOUSLY THE EXISTING RULES THROUGH OUT THE COUNTRY.HOWEVER, IMPLEMENTATION OF RULES & REGULATION INITIALLY LIE UPON OUR ELITE BUREAUCRATS,JUDGES TECHNOCRATS,DOCTORS,TEACHERS,PROFESSORS,INDUSTRIALISTS.AT PRESENT MANY OF THEM ARE RELUCTANT TO PERFORM THEIR DUTY IN PROPERLY.THIS IS OUR MAIN DRAWBACKS.

0 0 Sir utilization of New Delhi-Airport Express line can be increased by reducing the fare upto other Delhi Metro line fares and allowing the usual DMRC smart cards on
this line.If its utilization is increased, road traffic towards Dhaula Kuan will reduce,air pollution level will go down, and odd even formula would be better
implemented.

0 0 Sir New Delhi-Airport Express line was commissioned to serve high end passengers to and from airport but this metro line has failed to serve its declared purpose.
Its capacity is not fully utilized and is running under capacity. Reason being very high passenger fare. It means wastage of public money/investment. Its utilization can be increased
by reduc

0 0 in order to get surajya i hav one idea.the beggers or the straw people at road sides who unnecessarily waste their life time energy doing nothing.. so we can hav beggers van just like dog van n collect all of them n make them work for nations benifit.otherwise they are soaked up by the gunda gangs so called bhaisssss

0 0 Here is a beautiful, insightful and inspiring article by HH Pujya Swami Chidanand Saraswatiji on the topic of Good Governance on which He spoke also during the #SachBharat Samman Conclave in Delhi recently. #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

2 0 Modiji Namsthe!
I am very thankful to your steps taking to improve our country and we are very lucky to having you as a PM and hats off to your hatdwork and efforts. We are always with you.
You took many steps to stop the making of black money, but I found many of the peoples converting the black money in to white in a various ways and corruption in the tax department providing a way to them. I requesting you to take more control on tax departments.
Namasthe!

0 0 Sir,
as per my view for obtain the Concept of Surajya following work should be require...
1.50 percent reservation for Women for Womnen Empowerment along with save world for her.
2.Better oportunity & better facility for Phiscly Disabled person at each stage of life.
3.Provision of Reservation under the Criteria of Need.Reservation should be ban under the criteria of Caste.
4.All basic Miltry/Paramilitery force job should be fix for Formers Family.
Regards,
Arun Singh

1 0 #Surajya- Swacch Bharat Abhiyan (SBA) was a good initiative that created a sense of feeling to the implementer that they are involved in a nation pride activity. Efforts should be enhanced to make the activity percolate into majority of population through various innovative methodologies. Preparing SBA Sainiks in every unit area to create awareness on the aspects of SBA and recognizing the efforts of sanitation workers by various means shall drive the attention of majority people over it.

0 0 #Surajya Sir,I would like to suggest to kindly increase good public transportation facilities in cities other dan metros & motivate people to use them so as to prevent future rise in pollution levels

0 0 # Surajya
Citizens are happy with the performance in Strategic areas, i.e., Indian Railways, Expansion and Speed of completion of development of Highways, Make in India, Defence acquisitions and indigenisation, Space Research etc. Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) launching satellites for France, Germany, UK, Singapore etc. is highly commendable, as it is also generating good commercial interest worldwide.
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti

0 0 the hon'ble prime minister is taking such a step to make india again i.e surajya which was not done before during non-hindu rulers after independence.

1 0 # Surajya
1. Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana, Suraksha Bima Yojana, Atal Pension Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana - laudable social initiatives. 
2. Public Sector Banks - E-lounge, improvement in overall working appreciated by public
3. Identity of Brand India / Revival of Traditional Handlooms / Handicrafts has seen visibility, quality and rejuvenation of activity. Principle of ‘Antyodaya’,i.e. benefit to the poorest of the poor, becoming a reality.
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti

0 0 I beg to state that , to our honourable PM ,  We are Indian we want to develop our country . The way of our development is the Indian culture and Indian music . Because we have the education of Swami  Vivekananda , which education followed one can be right man and build up our character . Which is need for our country in present time . Because India never signing except ideality. We are always with Swamiji and Netaji , so we don't think about our development. We love our country , for success.

0 0 Sir,
As per my view Surajya is one other good name of Ramrajya. For launching the Concept of Surajya in India it should be necessory to make accountablity measures for everyone for his /her job like country of Japan/China & good Corporate house.
This Concept Should be Start with a bunch of Reward/Punishment as per need like govt apply approach in Kala Dhan.
Surajya concept is need of Time for better India.
Regards,
Arun Singh
from world oldest living holy city varanasi.

0 0 Sir, #Surajya is not only about good governance, it also should be about healthy & secure living for all. The Insurance & Pensions schemes, Swachch Bharat Abhiyan & Beti Bachao Beti padao schemes are a step in the right direction. Though the path to achieving our goal is difficult, consistent effort in this direction is warranted. The last year has seen public awakening due to the visionary SBA of PM Modi and "Clean India" campaigns are taking place led by youngsters, a praise worthy effort.

0 0 For SURAJYA,please streamline SERIOUS THOUGHTS for validation of PHYSICALLY & MENTALLY CHALLENGED including BLIND CITIZENS, who are ACTUALLY READY for nation building revolutionary inputs. They are greatly ignored even in PSUs / GOVT. CONCERNS & their Validation should be your serious concern. Participation of ALL with ALL POSSIBLE BEST INPUTS would work for INDIA wonderfully. DO NOT LEAVE PHYSICALLY/ MENTALLY CHALLENGED SIDELINED, INVALIDATED & IGNORED. Regards, GAUTAM (ca.gautam11@gmail.com)

1 0 # Surajya
1. Annual Confidential Reports (ACRs) should rate the officer’s performance on the basis of the contribution towards national programs.
2. Employees of All India Services and Central Services etc. be motivated to adopt their native place, village etc., ensure overall development in coordination with the respective State Government.
3. Introduction of All India Judicial Services, All India Agriculture and Rural Development Services
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti

0 0 “Surajya’ means Su Raajya ‘Good Country’. For ‘surajya’, I believe that ‘suraj’ is essential ie. Good Governance.....

0 0 For GOOD GOVERNANCE,please streamline serious thoughts for validation of PHYSICALLY & MENTALLY CHALLENGED including BLIND CITIZENS, who are actually ready for nation building revolutionary inputs. They are greatly ignored even in PSUs / GOVT. CONCERNS & their Validation should be your serious concern. Participation of ALL with ALL POSSIBLE BEST INPUTS would work for INDIA wonderfully. I wish to be part for this special movement. DO NOT LEAVE PHYSICALLY/ MENTALLY CHALLENGED SIDELINED & IGNORED.

0 0 Sir, for #Surajya to become the norm, education will have to be the foundation. It is time to bring in quality control into our education system. "Jugaad" should not be allowed here too. A degree with no knowledge will serve no purpose to the individual or the country. Skill training, employability, basic management techniques & e-ventures should be part of the course in all institutions. Eligibility criteria, course structure & graduation norms have to be uniform with e-education gaining ground

0 0 #Surajya  (4)Brief intro for all state and central government schemes send via voice sms on weekly basis at a particular time. (5) Provide a system where any Indian Citizen can register via voice sms one unresolved problem for advice bimonthly.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री महोदय,
नमस्कार
एक भारत श्रेष्ठ भारत के लिए कुछ सुझाव निम्नलिखित हैं |
 समस्या व समाधान PDF फॉर्मेट में सलंगीत है |
आपका आभारी
रजनीश जवास
8800779798

0 0 Sir, #Surajya should be about participatory governance. For this, a mature, enlightened & evolved polity is needed along with a streamlined political system. Responsive & accountable bureaucracy should act as a bridge between the two. Though career diplomats are the norm, isn't it time to bring in trained & experienced citizens with domain knowledge to be an add on to the governance paradigm. Also, should there not be a training program for aspiring politicians to gain insight into governance.

0 0 #Surajya  Let us focus on five basic things for the year 2016 to achieve  complete SURAJYA at the earliest: (1 )All Indians should have Aadhar card. No Indian should be left out.  (2)  Make it very easy for any Indian to register birth and death to maintain most accurate aadhar database.  (3) Ensure all Indians do have mobiles with internet facility and their mobile number updated in Aadhar system.

1 0 #Surajya Gold monetization scheme launched needs marketing. Its a good scheme to improve CAD and save valuable foreign exchange. Melting of Jewelry is highly sentimental issue which needs to be addressed in a tactful manner. Otherwise Congress as usual will exploit politically as Modi ji will now take out Mangal sutra of housewives.The melting centers to be  public convenient and trust worthy. The MMTC can play a lead role in this process. The target of the Govt should be 4 big temples.

0 0 NATIONAL MOTTO OF INDIA is "Satya Maybo Jayotee" which means Truth alone Triumphs  and these words are taken from the " MUNDAKA UPANISHAD". Cheating and Dishonesty can bring temporary Success & Benefits; But in the long run Truth & Goodness finally leads to real Success and also bring Peace.Hence, ALWAYS BE HONEST & HELPFUL TO DOWNTRODDEN and AVOID DELAY,RED-TAPE CULTURE & BYPASS TENDENCY

0 0 Triumphs  and these words are taken from the " MUNDAKA UPANISHAD". Cheating and Dishonesty can bring temporary Success & Benefits; But in the long run Truth & Goodness finally leads to real Success and also bring Peace.Hence, ALWAYS BE HONEST & HELPFUL TO DOWNTRODDEN and AVOID DELAY,RED-TAPE CULTURE & BYPASS TENDENCY

1 0 Sir, going forward #Surajya requires better outreach, utilisation & accountability of resources for which e-governance will be imperative. The digital India program with its many schemes, especially "digital locker" will be of great help in reducing paper work & improving access to facilities by all. More needs to be done to familiarise people to the digital access system. Integrating Aadhar with state health facilities will lead to a significant improvement in health access for all.

0 0 #Surajya
This suggestion is regarding Swachh Bharat:
1) Create/Certify micro-organizations that take up group initiatives for cleanup activities across India. They can be Govt. or private (non-profit) but a trustable org.
2) Encourage volunteering from citizens by providing perks to the volunteers such as rebate in Tax, concessions in rail/bus travel. If I participate more, I get more benefits.
Involve more citizens for a clean and green India

0 0 #Surajya - Addressing the knowledge gap in farmers in a more amicable manner.
The lower productivity per unit area of Agri and Allied sector products compared to some of the countries can be attributed mainly to the gap in the knowledge on package of practices at various growth stages. This humanly controlled factor should be addressed by by all means immediately exploring and implementing practically possible, tailor made, farmer friendly solutions that can be readily acceptable by him/her.

0 0 Dear Sir,
         I am P A Cariappa, I am very happy that I am part of " MY GOVERNMENT" , and
also I am expressing my views and suggestions, on the website, so I would like
the sprit and contribution of the government, and try to expand it further. I hope
it will happen sooner.
Regards.
P A Cariappa.

0 0 wrt digitization of land/property records lot of work needs to be done.

0 0 #Surajya.The Govt is introducing several initiatives/reforms which are appreciable and would come up with better results in long run whereas in short run it is not visible which benefits opposition to cry and oppose govt policies.
My point would be to throw lights on Pvt Sector companies where mass injustice is being done to employees regarding their compensation,exploited to work long working hours and forced to work in off days for which no compensation is provided.Can you do something sir??

0 0 # Surajya
1. Existing programs are excellent, more awareness, proper monitoring and control is required
2. Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan - Enactment of a comprehensive legislation will prove very effective - Introduce as a proper discipline for Studies at School, College, University levels - Rural areas - toilets being built - polluting ground water (proper guidance is required), involvement of Panchayats, vigilante groups, NGOs to promote the usage of toilets 
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti

0 0 Swaraj with accountability, responsibility & vision for the future leads to #Surajya. The Jan Dhan Yojana has been a game changer along with Aadhar to improve financial inclusivity, accountability of subsidy disbursal & responsive citizenry. In the recent Chennai floods, the JDY account & Aadhar were immensely useful to many to establish identity & receive assistance. Pan India integration of the two schemes will lead to better resource mobilisation & utilisation.

0 0 govt offices give excuse of server is down, network is down & if u r ready to pay them everything will suddenly start working.digitization with deadline for services is need of the hour

0 0 Sport and Art Should be made compulsory in School. In India School
do as formality. We have to see strict implementation of School's extra curricular activity  wherein our School talent will grow with world pace.

0 0 #surajya
Thanks to prime minister narendra modi for bringing INDIAN RAILWAY ON THE RIGHT TRACK.MAKE IN RAILWAY UNDER MAKE IN INDIA.All complaints are solved in within a second.

0 0 #SURAJYA Modiji can we conduct an event of TREE PLANTATION on a large scale. But this time involving large number of people just like SWACHH BHARAT. Planting areas should be marked by offcials and seeds esp fruit plant seeds should be distributed among people. Even if 50% of India's population plants trees,once a month,India's tree cover will increase drastically. Convincing video clips about climate change should be telecasted on regular intervals or should be made compulsory for students.

0 0 Mudra loan will not solve problem. We have to make business school for small Enterprise on the level of IIM Wherein a small business men will get world class knowledge at the cost of Government. This will change country's total pardigm. A small fruit vendor in Thailand sell in Excellent way wherein our small vendor sell in traditional way.We have to change the way small business men do the business.

0 0 #Surajya. Every voter who uses his/her vote during elections should be given a photo id access card which lasts for 5 years tenure which can help the voters to reach out to the public representatives when required, to discuss the current issues, plans, etc in those locations. It is impossible for a common man to meet public representative when wanted the only chance when they (Public representatives) want they are coming to meet us.

0 0 Housing is a major problem. If bank gives loan for longer period for small loan upto 30 laks 30 year which will change EMI and housing for all dream will come true

1 0 #Surajya. If any person is elected as MLA or MP immediately his current financial status should be recorded all bank accounts, properties etc and after his 5 years tenure it should be validated. All government approvals, projects, etc should be created and maintained under special security electronic data centers where manuplating has no space

0 1 To celebrate the spirit of "SURAJYA" on the eve of 91-Birth anniversary of our BELOVED & Honest Ex-PM of India i.e. ATAL BEHARI BAJPAI and also start of " GOOD GOVERNANCE ENDEAVOR" ON 25/12/2014 -- Herein I like to say that" WITHOUT ADOPTION OF PROPER SPEED & TRUE TACTICS IN THEIR WORK PLACES WHILE PERFORMING ASSIGNED JOB, HENCE,-NOBODY CAN ACHIEVE TRUE SUCCESS AND HE/SHE ALWAYS FACE FAILURE IN EVERY STEP OF THEIR DAY TO DAY ROUTINE JOB AND DEEP DARKNESS GRADUALLY ENCIRCLE THEM FROM ALL ANGLES.

0 1 MEAT SHOPS- A CHALLENGE FOR SWACH BHARATH
Many residential places are affected because of meat shops, which cause pollution,area looking ugly,increase menace of street dogs etc.
Government should bring strict codes for opening such meat shops .
Please include Meat shops restructuring under SWACH BHARATH.

0 0 #Surajya. Continuation to my previous post, Once the elections are done and some party win the same after that they are getting busy with functions, meetings, inaugrations etc and they are spending time for some poojas, going to temples, etc and they are wasting their valuable time which is meant to spend for people. People representatives are meant to serve only people.

0 0 ipo for most projects including railway
diplomatic cost cutting
monitoring projects once in 2 months
betterment of infrastructure
easy and simple rules for corporate without impacting environment
modernization of defence
outsourcing jobs to private sector and increasing the number of jobs for professionals and all other caders
let there be strong external decision making body  ie consultants and strategist

0 0 #Surajya Hello Modiji, I have a question when some one is interested to do service to public as MLA or MP why do they need to spend money for election propagation, why current running government isn't taking any action against it? and from where all the money spent for propagation? Please make sure to stop this type of election culture. we have office for peoples representative in every district but who is coming to that office what sort of attendance is maintained in that office?

0 0 #SURAJYA PM Modi ji, can we ban MEAT EXPORT. Yes I can understand how exports help growing country's economy but economy based on slaughter of animals....? Modi ji I have seen several people who are rearing non milch cows and bulls and making huge profits just by producing organic fertilizers from the excreta. Modi ji ORGANIC FERTILIERS are expensive and the demand is high. Moreover the people employed in slaughtering can be employed for producing the fertilizers and other products#animalwelfare

0 0 #Surajya allowing private companies to run trains will improve the service and make railways world class as well as competitive

2 0 # Surajya
1. To unearth black money, Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme be introduced
2. Agriculture - 'One Nation One Market' be made operational
3. Roti, Kapda Aur Makaan - Stringent controls - Price stability
4. Population Control and Infant Mortality
5. Expose the wilful defaulters / NPAs of Banks
6. 'Each One Adopt One' - Village development
7. 'Each One Plant One' - Climate change
8. Disaster Management - More focus and funds
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti

2 0 I had recently visited the office of sub-registrar located in Thane. It was with great regret I have to state that I had to visit for two days along with with my 2 other colleagues who are heads of their respective business organisations and 3 representatives of established  lawyers to register a document. Unfortunate the concerned registrar was unable to understand the document and this resulted into great harassment and loss of 48 productive hours in all, which must be avoided.

1 0 #Surajya Entire Rann of Kachh can produce enough electricity to power India just by utilizing solar Thermal energy

2 0 alternative to fuels battery vehicles on roads for public use
every 3 pincode 1 central govt school with fees of no profit no loss mode
converting sea water to edible water,interlinking rivers becoming agriculturally surplus country
diplomatic budget considering family income instead of individual
meeting all scale entrepreneur every quarter
send agricultural expert to every village to modernize agriculture
diplomatic fdi on required portfolio

1 0 #Surajya We can clean Ganga but how about ensuring that Ganga keeps flowing after 50 years. We need to push for greenhouse gases reduction and reducing pollution.

1 0 Dear all,
From last 6 month I am working in education sector. I think there must be forum for all where all the private and public colleges or universities, teachers and professors must discuss and share if they have adopt any innovative way for teaching or if they are facing any problem in there university or college which can put in front of all to solve such problem.

1 0 #Surajya Distributing LED bulbs even FREE OF COST will save Government more money than charging 100 Rs.

1 0 SURAJYA
MEANS SU RAJYA YE TABHI SAMBHAV HAI JAB SABHI RAJYA MODI JI KA SATH DE.ISKE LIYE
SHIKSHA
SAHITYA
SATYA
SAJJAN
SAMAJ AUR
SADBHAV KE LIYE KARYA KARNA PADEGA.
MAI EK MATHEMATICIAN HU AUR SATH HI EK KAVITRI BHI MUJHE BADI UMMIDE HAI KI MODI JI KE SANIDHYA ME SURAJYA HOGA
SURAJYA BHI HOGA SUKH KI BHI HAI KAAMNA
HO HALAT KAISE BHI BHADHKAR HAATH THAMNA.
 DR RUCHI CHATURVEDI

1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,

1 0 Respected Sir, there are many traffic diversions,one ways,detours etc. in India. Most of them have not been scientifically designed resulting in huge wastage of fuel and time.
A classic example is detour of 1/2 km taken by east bound buses exiting Broadway bus stand in Chennai which can be easily avoided by an opening in median opposite exitgate and posting a policeman there.
Hence a scientific study of all traffic arrangements may be taken up nationwide and revised to save fuel and time.

1 0 #Surajya please make direct transfer of funds to Panchayats transparent. The panchayats should publish the expense accounts to general public of the panchayat two times a year.

1 0 #Surajya there have been many vacancies for physically challenged. The employment news is full of vacancies for them. I congratulate the government for this novel and noble endeavour.

1 0 1. Make solar installations, waste treatment plants compulsory for apartments, industrial establishments..
2. For pollution, restrict buying of more than 1 vehicle for a single family.

1 0 During the recession, There was a growing perception that working class and education sector
is set to see new low, and the encouragement for any experiments were highly criticized which
questioned the sustenance of experiments. Bangalore, as a IT capital city, had different dimensions of accepting the
slow down, many techies made a move to capitalize with new start-ups but Women as a lead for the start-up ? Here is an inspiring story to follow

1 0 We need to work on regulating the prices of essential food items/vegetables, as there shall be unseasonal rains in future, so that the common people are facing the heat of rising prices.
The farmers are leaving the farming & settling in cities, due to unseasonal rains/no proper support pricing to farmers. middle men, raise the prices as they wish
Rice@50kg Dal@120kg Onion@50kg, sugar@40kg are just examples
I believe there are rules, but who is really facing the heat "COMMON PEOPLE" ???

1 0 I experienced the success of Swacch Bharat Abhiyan when I was in Akshardham, Gandhinagar. When we were parking the car, my father threw a package outside. A man standing nearby told me to pick that up and throw it in dustbin. Nice!!! One suggestion to improve this initiative can be to provide proper garbage disposals at various public places not so big as akshardham is.

2 0 Now GOI is taking lot of new initiative to make India as the Supreme Power. Digital Locker is one such initiative to save Money, Time , Energy etc.,Many of the Chennai People affected by Recent flood realised the importance of Digilocker. We need to Power our Country by Empowering every Citizens through Digital India.. Sustainable Agriculture,Climate Change, Solid Waste Management , Skill Development need more attention ....  Good Governance Good Going ..

0 0 #Surajya has been an horror for me and especially haunting my mom from last 8 months. With absolutely no mistake on her side due to a banking issue a wrong amount(1,68,575/- instead of 5595/-) was debited from account while making a PF payment for employees. While it took us great efforts in establishing that it was infact debited from the account,It was acknowledged that there was a billdesk issue. I am not sure how much more knocking will it take before we actually get a refund of our amount

1 0 #Surajya This is about a smooth e-service of Indian railways website Irctc. One of my friends father had unfortunately passed away before the journey date.So tickets had to be cancelled now. Using the customer care mail id the tickets were cancelled via smooth process with cooperation and coordination from both ends.I really felt good after completing this process and even thanked our govt. for such a user friendly and citizen centric service.Suggestion -to penetrate digital boon throughout IND.

1 0 Loss of time by stalling the proceedings in parliament is fraud against the constitution, public and tax payers of the country. It is the responsibility of each and every elected representative to put before his/ her views in the parliament and participate in debate to solve the issues. If required, the government must bring legislation or amendment in the law to cancel the membership of the elected representative or group of such representatives who do not allow the parliament to function.

1 0 #Surajya
In the Governance today, Surajya is clearly visible for the first time. In few Ministries it is boldly visible like Railways, EA/OSA, Defense, RTHS, Power etc. People today chant new mantra: Surajya is my birth right, and we are having it. आज के युग का आधुनिक मन्त्र :
सुराज्य मेरा जन्म सिद्ध अधिकार है, और वह मुझे मिलने लगा है।

1 0 Establish protocol for mandatory -reply on request regarding service by e-mails by all service providers- government officials, Lower internet tariff by 20% with speed check protocol in place as for call drop, Ensure provision of basic amenity – electricity, water, road where still not provided, Up stick in electricity hours by 10%, Initiate electoral- administrative- judicial reforms’. Regards.

1 0 Establish protocol for office holding by each constituent of administration and government at block-tehsil- district levels on regular periodicity, Cover all employed under MGNREGA for Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojna- Pradhan Mantri Jivan Jyoti Bima Yojna,

1 0 Sir, ‘Towards ends of Surajya may consider for 2016: Initiate measures to increase law enforcement personnel- jurist ( structure) by 1-2%, Augment doctors –teachers in block-tehsil by 1-2 %, Extension of DBT to all government schemes, App on all government welfare scheme uploaded to all MGNERGA employed,

1 0 I had the hope that Digitization will end corruption, but corrupt still invent new ways.on my recent visit to a gov office for taking katha copy of land i was made to run around five times..reasons they told was..network not there..next server down...then finally person who signs the printout is on leave..what they wanted was money..if i had bribed them it would have got done in 2 visits.govt offices should have 2 lights to show whether server is up/down , whether network is up?

1 0 Please initiate and guide the farmers in the Bharath with cow based farming. This will help in restoring the longevity of the soil, and increase in the crop.

0 0 In last one and half year I have put my vision of Prosperity, Through Appropriate, Acceptable and Affordable Technology on this site with future view raising of about 50 Millions poor families to closed to the lower limit off IT of rural India. In addition to that self sufficiency in auto fuel & a rise of agricultural products by at least 15%. There is no need to have more provision of fund raising, no more skill development but in Vain. Sorry PMO is least to tune with me rameshbhides@gmai.com

1 0 I personally like the way a real-time Dashboard is provided to show the progress of rural electrification. It'd be a good idea to provide similar dashboard of all the ministries, and their tasks, for better transparency.

1 0 Respected Sir, moral education classes are taken for students up to certain classes. There are rarely examinations and even if held, the marks are not taken into account for passing. Are we not sending a message to children that moral education is only incidental and not pivotal to their education?
To make honest citizens of our precious children and to root out corruption, moral  education must be made compulsory for all students up to masters level and the marks should count for passing.

1 0 #Surajya is when the brave sons and daughters of India that protect our borders given the respect they deserve. I list out some of the points that should be considered in the attached document.

1 0 As an incentive to save, each depositor in a bank should be insured upto a maximum of Rs.10 lakhs for both principal and interest amount held by him/her in the same capacity and same right as on the date of liquidation/cancellation of bank's licence or the date on which the scheme of amalgamation/merger/reconstruction comes into force. The present limit of 1 lakh is too less. This will boost depositor as well as investor’s confidence.

1 0 In my opinion, #surajya means to develop the country in a sustainable manner. Swatch Bharat mission is really good initiative. But the main aim doesn't seem to be propagated among public. So, try to spread it in more elaborated form.

0 0 Govt should remove subsidy from canteen for MPs in Parliament as MPs are not power and they can afford the market price for what they eat

2 0 There are latrines constructed in villages but water supply is not there Hence these can not be used. Till water supply is available, it is suggested that Community latrine should be constructed and water supply given there through bore wells and solar lights

0 0 )Good Governance also means that Govt should not go for un-necessary litigation's and well settled law by Apex Court should be implemented without further litigation. In one case, SC had dismissed SLP atleast 4 to 5 times on same point of law(Ignoring of Non Communicated Below benchmark ACRs ) but Govt/ DOPT is still not implementing it and old persons are not getting relief. When Modi Govt came to Power, I was under the impression that things would improve but the attitude of Govt does not seem

1 0 first and foremost, the air we breath should be pollution free in a #surajya. and for this all the 3 levels of govt should take extra efforts.i would suggest our govt to take up a #myindia#greenindia initiative where it includes afforestation as its prime objective and schemes to encourage each and every citizens to plant trees for a healthy life.

1 0 #Surajya
While I am hopeful of the government bringing on the change in the next fe years, I would like point some good practices and shortcomings I have experienced this year.
Good : positive and quick responses on grieveance redressals at rashtrapati Bhavan and National museum
Need to Improve: While the govt is vigorously promoting its flagship Swatch Bharat Abhiyan, I find the provisions for achieving it is lacking. No trashbins are seen in Delhi Metro stations in and around.

5 0 The Swachh Bharath campaign is one of the best initiatives. Yes, it might take a lot of time for India to be clean. But to bring such a mindset, itself is a big deal. However, they're discouraged when they don't find a dustbin in public places and are compelled to throw it around. However, even if dustbins are placed, there are times that even dustbins get stolen! Hence, the Govt is requested to work towards a practical solution.

1 0 tips for swatch bharath: most tourist movement in Railways can be used local collage students to join as volunteers to penalize to citizens how some people misusing environment of Railway stations and destroy all work done by housekeeping cleanliness. There are some people never support until we enforce them to pay fine for throwing waste n urinating and many more which is illegal as per act.

1 0 In my opinion, our country should be beggar free. Please ban all types of begging and rehabilitate these people.  And as far as my understanding,  a big mafia is behind this.According to me,  if a country has beggars means it's the failure of the govt system where it is unable to take care of all types of citizens.  And also there are cases of forcing people to begging.  So a formal ban should be posed and make these people rehabilitated and make them also part and accountable to the system.

1 0 #GoodGovernanceDay, Good Governance is now taking shape in most of the field of the governance, this pace may be accelerated through the involvement of the lower and middle strata of the machinery.

1 0 Dear Sir,
In your Independence Day speech, you said that corruption in India is like termite in home & asked for citizens' participation.
I have tried to uncover corruption in BSNL, which can single-handedly derail Digital India & Skill India missions. I also wrote to PMO's Grievance Redressal but nothing happened & the matter was closed without any action.
It appears that bureaucrats & government officers have mastered the art of delaying & denying. But people expect more from you.
Thanks.

0 0 Good Governance cannot b achieved without Good Public Partnership Need of hour is 2 recognise our responsibilities & Bring home SuRajya & its Benefits for betterment of coming generations As teacher: educating students in concerned subject should b accompanied by their proper Behaviour & Attitude Disapproving malpractices in Examination & Jobs is also part of my job Imparting Skills so that they remain Confident &Live Dignified is my achievement Cleanliness brings Positivity & SelfRespectRegards

1 0 Our government system divided between administration level of Center, State, District, City, Village and between semi govt, special purpose vehicle, pradhikaran. Common man faces difficulty in dealing with such system where govt departments are loosely connected and lacking integration. #Surajya should change the way system functions in past, it should start new era where “Citizen will deal with government as One Team” #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

0 0 Digital India mission must be the top priority to achieve goals of #Surajya. Through Pimpri Chinchwad Citizen Forum (PCCF) we have written consultation paper on Digital City. Digital world is just a supportive factor to make your Real world easy, happy & joyful. Read here https://goo.gl/WpZRSy (language Marathi)
#GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov #DigitalIndia #SmartCity

1 0 I is to be noted that despite so much of advertising, there are only 361 responses only. May be people do not want to use this and this is one way communication. There is lot to do, in each field. So much governance vacuum and gap in governance delivery. Little change. Expectations were very high with Modi ji.

1 0 I think solid waste management requires immediate attention. It is an area which can be the golden goose of this era. Waste management is linked to a lot of other fields: Climate change/environment, agriculture, manufacturing, services, households, employment, research & development, Rural & urban development, cheaper resources, Swachh Bharath and what not!#Surajya

2 0 In #Surajya citizen must get four dimensional helpline system consisting 1) Right to Service 2) Right to Information 3) Grievance Redressal 4) Collaboration. System should be accessible through all communication medium, cost effectively and without any discrimination. Good to see Maharastra adopted this model, check here https://aaplesarkar.maharashtra.gov.in #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

2 0 #Sugam means hassle free access is essential for #Surajya. If we look at online services then many things has drastically changed at Center & State level but our cities (ULB) are not up to mark. Their online services downgraded in terms of effectiveness, security, look & feel (GUI). It happened due to lack of vision, management skills at ULB level. Center/State should intervene at ULB level to make their all online services simple, user friendly, secure, uniform #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

1 0 National Pension Scheme -
Is very helpful sir. BUT AGE LIMIT 40 YEARS is a concerns.
There are many people in age group of 40-45 yrs who are deprived of secured jobs and they are certainly going to struggle in their old age.
So I sincerely request our PM to increase eligibility for NPS Scheme to cover age at least upto 45 yrs.

0 0 If we start listing out govt past success stories then SARATHI helpline system will definitely stand at top. Developed by then commissioner Dr Shrikar Pardeshi (IAS) for Pimpri-Chinchwad city. Dr. Pardeshi currently serving PMO as a director. SARATHI model should be adopted in #Surajya. Click this link to know more about SARATHI http://goo.gl/DpzAZd
#GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

0 0 #Surajya @MyGovIndia Longevity of outputs and sustainability of efforts with respect to the excellent initiatives we are having are the grey areas that India should seriously looked into. It has to be inbuilt into our personal, social and professional lives. It should become the greatest social reform in the 21st century.

3 0 Indian railways that is among worlds largest shud focuss and check more on 'Goods delivery'..and shuld take it seriously..Alongwith this there is an enormous increase in  'passenger looting' even in AC compatment, so do check it too.

0 0 4. Idea 4 of 10 Small ideas (benefit large population with small steps)
Issue a circular that all the data entered by citizens through any eGovernance portal or application should data entry in three languages - two other than English. Due to software limitations, large software companies are only providing English labels and data entry only in English. This is a big drawback for citizens who does not know English. Further, government staff encounters challenges of owning translation.

0 0 Modi Sarkar has focused on holistic & long term structural improvements in the sector, with a focus on achieving 24X7 power for all #Surajya
Coal India hs produced more coal in 2014-15 then last four yrs combined.As a consequence, imports plummeted 49% in Nov vs last year #Surajya
Crisis arising fm cancellation of 214 coal blocks by Hon’ble SC was turned into an opportunity through transparent e-auctions #Surajya

2 0 All the competitive exams should b made mandatorily ONLINE.. And marks of all the candidates shuld b posted online..So that recruitment becomes transparent and much faithful. Thanks for noticing.

1 0 Complete mismatch between demand and supply and lack of long term planning in the sector resulted in acute regional power shortages #Surajya
Distribution malice ws spread across the entire power sector, with Power Distribution Companies (DISCOMs) haemorrhaging with losses.#Surajya

0 0 Such darkness engulfed the nation, even as more than 24K MW of generation capacity lay idle due to lack of fuel like coal & gas #Surajya
Rs.1.86 lakh crore coal scam virtually froze decision making in the sector. As a result, last yr as many as 2/3 of coal based #Surajya power plants (66 out of 100 coal plants tracked by CEA) were having critical coal stocks meaning less than 7 days of coal stock Surajya

0 0 Robert Penn said Present cannot be evaluated in isolation bt must b seen in d context of the past & its potential impact on future.#Surajya 
It is difficult 2 forget tht the largest power outage in human history happened in India in July 12, leaving 62 cr ppl in darkness. #Surajya
Tho 62 cr ppl wer left in darkness 4 few hrs,plight of 30 cr ppl in perennial darkness e1 aftr 68 yrs of indpndnce is more worrisome #Surajya

0 0 3. Idea 3 of 10 - small ideas, benefits to large number of people
All cooperative societies are required to audit their accounts under cooperative society act. In most cases, accountants are performing this task and then auditor stamps it. In that process, society pays sum of Rs. 6000 with no benefit to society or to state. Introduce software solution (on similar lines as introduced by IT department for individuals) and introduce mandatory audits for societies with budgets exceeding 1 Cr.

0 0 2.	What can we do on global warming?  We should use solar energy(Cochin air port is the world’s 1st air port in this category), why can’t we think of houses in India running with solar energy, and if government is liable to supply power only for institutions, and if we develop more and more precise models of solar panels in India and if LED lights are used for lighting including them(solar panel and LED lights) in the “make in India” programme, we are able to work only with hydel projects. Main

0 0 Friends what is #Surajya ? In simple terms Surajya means Good Governance 
Lokmanya Tilak had said "स्वराज्य हा माझा जन्मसिद्ध हक्क आहे आणि तो मी मिळवणारच" ("Swarajya is my birthright, and I shall have it ) #Surajya 
In 2014 we Indians said सुराज्य हमारा जन्मसिद्ध हक्क है (Good Governance is my birthright) & we elected #MITOA @narendramodi as PM #Surajya 
What better than Power Sector to discuss #Surajya of this government

0 0 2. Small ideas - idea 2 of 10 (benefiting large population with small improvements)
Many railway stations have retiring rooms. While Railways have introduced online bookings for these facilities, it is booked for a day with high charges. Most uneducated never take benefit of these facilities. Instead sell retiring room facilities as ticket on the ticket  counters in a batch of two hours. This period is sufficient for small families to take bath and move forward to pilgrimage.

1 0 According to me POLICE should have a minimum fitness level like ARMY jawans.We often see polices,after getting their job does not bother to maintain their physique at all.So their must be a mandatory phisical ability critrea for them to atleast chase down any snachers or thives without sitting around with their big belly and taking bribes from citizens like us.PLEASE MAKE THEM FIT FROM NOT ONLY BY THEIR  BODY BUT ALSO FROM THEIR MIND.

0 0 I am proposing ten little steps that government can take that will benefit large number of citizens.
1 Idea 1 of 10
Let form 15 submission for bank fixed deposits be one time activity while opening/ renewing fixed deposits for senior citizens/ housewives. Filing form 15H at banks has been a routine ritual practiced in month of April. All bank managers will swear the difficulties faced by senior citizens in understanding, filing the form and making compulsory two trips to bank.

0 0 #surajya  My suggestion of good governance:
1. Punching Machine should be made mandatory in government offices.
2. All government procedures should be made digital.
3. Public Transport system tickets should be made digital. I. E  Chip based ticket system.

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister,
I want to talk ab

1 0 Need Government Schools Education needs to improved a lot. Payscale of gov teachers are lot better and very good job security then of private schools teacher but the students of government schools are really poor at its education can't even compare with private schools. This need to be improved a lot. If needy/poor get good education then no one ever need to give any thing they by them self lead their life with complete Dignity, Peace and Power. #GoodEducation

0 0 #surajya   The launch of App MERI SADAK will enable people's participation in infrastructural projects, reduce corruption & speed up processes.

0 0 #GoodGovernanceDay  For Education, I suggest the following:
The education department should use the Aadhar ID of each student or use a student ID that is used for ever. There will be a portal where each student will have his own page. All the results of the students are uploaded just like we upload Form 16. All certificates of the student during his education are also uploaded here. This will avoid fake certificates, and also enable companies 2 get a validated data.

0 0 Frist I m so thankful for government to participate us .this is a good idea to get main problem of people and easy to solve by the government

1 0 STOP TAKING DOWRY FROM US WHY YOU ALL WANT MONEY FROM US JUST BECAUSE I AM A GIRL I COME IN YOUR HOME AND TAKES CARE OF YOU AND YOUR FAMILY,EVEN YOU PEOPLE SOMETIMES HURT US JUST BECAUSE AFTER MARRIAGE MY FATHER WON'T BE ABLE TO GIVE MONEY.
SIR I HAVE READ MOST OF THE CASES OF THIS SYSTEM SO PLEASE SAY SOMETHING BECAUSE MOST THE WELL EDUCATED PEOPLE ARE DOING IT,EVEN NOW IT HAS BECOME A STATUS SYMBOL,PEOPLE ASK "LAGUN MEY KITNA AYA"BUS 10 LAKH AREY LADKE KO ITNA PADAY HAI 20 LAKH TOH LOH??

0 0 #Surajya,#GoodGovernanceDay,#MyGov
The GoI encourages give and take of ideas by spending on organizing Symposia, Seminars, Conferences. If this expenditure is cut down to half, the remaining half funds can be diverted to the welfare of farmers and the needy sections of the society. A lot can be done for actual development.

0 0 #GoodGovernanceDay For Women empowerment, I suggest the following:
A mobile wallet along with mobile is given by Govt to women and girls. All the funds given to the women and girls such as for education or health are routed through this wallet. For instance if a girl goes to school, she can pay the fees using wallet where she needs to mention the account person the wallet id. By having wallet the fund utilization can be controlled. Only challenge is to see how to provide the smart phone

0 0 @MyGovIndia : For Women empowerment, I suggest the following:
A mobile wallet along with mobile is given by Govt to women and girls. All the funds given to the women and girls such as for education or health are routed through this wallet. For instance if a girl goes to school, she can pay the fees using wallet where she needs to mention the account person the wallet id. By having wallet the fund utilization can be properly controlled. Only challenge is to see how to provide the smart phones.

2 0 #Surajya Thanks for the power provided to us in participating Governments decision making process. True #Surajya will achieved only when every citizen in our country able to participate. Digital India is ideal process to achieve it. #DigitalDivide and teenage cybercrimes are biggest problem our nation facing today. As a Nation we provide least importance to Adult education. People above 30 find difficult learn latest tools , "One Library Per Village" ideal solution for continuous learning #MyGov

2 0 FIRST OF ALL THANK YOU FOR #SURAJYA
I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY GOVT SCHEMES AND WORKS SPECIALLY FOR GIRLS AGAIN THANKU,BUT THEIR IS SOMETHING THAT I WANT TO ASK ?
YOU ARE SAYING SAVE GIRL CHILD ,EDUCATE THEM BUT IN MIDDLE CLASS FAMILIES AFTER THEY GET EDUCATED THEN THESE GIRLS ARE SELLED YES SELLED BY A SO CALLED TRADITION DOWRY AND FROM HERE THE LIFE OF A GIRL STARTS RUNING ,FIRSTLY HIS FATHER HAD TO STRUGGLE FOR 50 LAKHS ,THEN HIS HUSBAND STARTS DEMANDING
GIVE IT UP PLZ STOP THIS TRADITION

1 0 #Surajya,#GoodGovernanceDay,#MyGov
The GoI gives so much of funds for the running of its various Ministries and their Departments. It is good.
What are the returns?
To ensure proper utilisation of funds, employees should prove their efficiency. Holding an Officer responsible even when his subordinates are inefficient is wrong. Efficiency should be monitored at every level. Methods must be devised to measure employee efficiency.

0 0 #Surajya For Health , I suggest the following:
A mobile application authorized by the govt it launched. During epidemics or for prevention such as Dengue or swine flu, the govt broadcasts the details on this app. The app will give access to patients about the clinics they can visit, once detected with the disease, they can just click " Need Help". There will be a command center which will automatically route the patient to the hospital. Provide him the support he needs. It is a centralized sol

2 0 Sir #Surajya Bharat needs Education for All in Coming Two Years, Establish low cost Primary Schools in all backwards areas,mohallas for improving literacy rate among the indian citizens. We are way back compared to many countries in World literacy percentages , Srilanka 91%, Uruguay,Guana,Brazil,Columbia,Mexico,Suriname etc all 90% above.
To achieve 100% literacy with human values, a Swami Vivekananda Primary School System need
to be established in all required zones of country.

1 0 Citizens who have given prime time &energy for the country, when faced with post retirement harassment should not feel helpless given PG Redressal. However, without resolving the pensioner’s grievance (P&PW/W/2010/00713)to get pension payment in authorized bank of pensioner’s choice,grievance was arbitrarily closed after 4 years by Dept of Pension & Pensioner’s Welfare. When issue was raised via RTI, a new complaint number was created. Is this effective way to resolve Public Grievance?

0 0 #Surajya For Cleanliness, I suggest the following:
Instead of advertisement boards, now companies can take a given area and maintain its cleanliness, by beautifying it like growing grass, waste is kept neatly and closed, the place will have the hoarding of that company. This way both the purposes will be solved. It will also give employment to people. The municipality can decide the areas.This can be further organized by having some companies sponsor for vehicles to take waste etc.

0 0 I wish to suggest our Prime Minister to request all Indian Railways employees to give up their free pass to travel in train with their families. Like give up LPG Subsidy campaign Give Up free Rail pass will help our nation to recover from the loss incurred by Railways Department.When they are willing to charge kids under age 12 for the berth, they must also come forward to pay for their tickets.

0 0 Pranaams #Surajya Bharat Needs Strict Ban on Alcohol consumption in Public places like
Parks, Gardens, Bus stations, Driving cabins, Government Secretariats, Police stations,Electricity offices, R&B Ministerial Bunglaws, Beaches etc. A National Level Law should be made in this regard. Any person caught, or complaint came he should be removed from Govt service permanently if proved. The Alcoholism has becoming a National Disease in all sectors. Except Five star Hotels ,all places Ban it.

0 0 Every day I travel in Local train or Metro, when I traveling, I see that sum company add post in train & metro inside, The main thing is in metro its really good & also gov can earn by thous add, but in local train it's really spread pollution, also gov not earn money by thous add. I want to change it..

0 0 Sir #Surajya Bharat's first needs to Strict Enforcement of Anti-Corruption laws, Control of Liquor Consumption in our Country. Complete Ban on Liquor in Villages is most important now.Criminal Gangs of Uttarpradesh, Haryana seems training and manufacturing Nirbhaya Juvinile Guilty persons. Strict control and eradication of Criminal gangs is required.
Education ,Literacy Rates to be increased to 100% across country.Street Schools, Small Schools in all Villages need to be established.(primary edn

0 0 I would like to know whether the Activities Points earned by an user will help or not.It will be very helpful if the user gets a participant certificate signed by the Prime Minister of India.I have scored nearly 3500 Points in Modi App.But I don't know how it is considered. Please post a message regarding the Activities Points. Hope MyGov will consider this suggestion and take steps to issue a signed certificate for those who regularly post comments in MyGov site and Modi App.
Thanks

1 0 Achieving the mammoth task of constructing 4,25,000 toilets in 2,62,000 toilets across India in one year is a major milestone. Swachh Vidyalaya initiative by Ministry of Human Resource Development has set an example how time-bound targets can be achieved efficiently. Formation of Web Portal with Single Stop Integrated IT Solution for accomplishing the goal of 100% gender-specific toilets in schools has proved how technology combined with efficient ground work pave way for #Surajya.

1 0 If you really have positive attitude towards gov then u can feel the change in terms of cleanliness, railway etc. But we still need strong crime control & timely justice. For this we strongly needa ssystem to complaint against the administrative officials without disclosing identity of complainers to maintain transparency & the investigating officer should also be accountable & in this way complaint should go to higher level even upto PM till full satisfaction of the complainers.

0 0 #Surajya Make Helmets and seat belts/airbags mandatory. No relaxation on the basis of religion. 
Campaigns like #NohelmetNoInsurance can be launched and police should be asked to issue spot challans without fail.
Same for Number plates.. Press vehicles to be registered by media house so that arm wrestling by people having PRESS sticker pasted on their vehicles stop.
Ambulances with patients should have more priority than MP/MLA/CM/PM cavalcade and that too withut negligence

2 0 Clause7.3(c)Grievance Redress Mechanism in Government by Department of Administrative Reforms & Public Grievances should be strictly followed, specially by  Ministry of Personnel,Public Grievances and Pensions, who responded opposite on 21/12/15 for RTI- “forward to respective ministries we do not have any time limit prescribed the reason being that the grievances are diverse in nature and each may require different time limit and is thus left to the public grievance officer of the ministry.."

0 0 Development of Gram PAnchayat by giving daily needs at door step

1 0 I wish to take part in many other activities, and keep helping indirectly to the people of this nation as long as I am alive.

0 0 I was happy to share that my suggestions were taken into consideration importantly in Railways by testing Solar palens fixed on top of rail coaches, yet to comission full fledged. Introducing hand held machines, fullest extent to come out as expected. Reduction of EQ. Improvement in IRCTC, Naming National Agricultural Insurance etc. Would continue to do so and happy by taking part indirectly helping citizens of our country. My request is please provide certificates and encourage contributions.

1 0 I was happy to share that my suggestions were taken into consideration importantly in Railways by testing Solar palens fixed on top of rail coaches, yet to comission full fledged. Introducing hand held machines, fullest extent to come out as expected. Reduction of EQ. Improvement in IRCTC, Naming National Agricultural Insurance etc. Would continue to do so and happy by taking part indirectly helping citizens of our country. My request is please provide certificates and encourage contributions.

0 0 #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay,
#MyGov encouraged me to converts my interest in national interest.Digital India will be the best way to #Corruption free india & save girl  Thanks #MyGov

0 0 For making Varanasi  a  smart city industrial development should be taken place. young business man who want to grow and take part in corporate social responsibility in VARANASI should be given chance to develop Varanasi. WIFI facility should be provided at reasonable rate. Self employment should be started in VARANASI.

0 0 Surajya can not be come in its real spirit until and unless empowerment of the poor and the last man of the country.the two very good policies and scheme has been given by the government to empower the poor, the two insurance scheme which will give them the social security. but it is unfortunate to say that these schemes is not advertised properly all across through the country and a huge amount of people is still do not know about the policies and schemes.

0 0 #Surajya Please take a relook at the proposed hike in MP salaries. It should be based on the productivity of these MPs. Fixed salary should be reduced and performance based variables like % of funds allocated utilised for public benefit, implementation of central govt schemes, productive attendance in the houses (Upper or lower), key initiatives

1 0 I want discuss about water wastage in India.in our houses,in society water wastage happen in front of us.like while washing hand or face some people keep tap fully open.istead of this we can open tab half or close till face get wash with soap or whatever you are using and open again when you want wash face with water.this the one thing only.walso I will suggest to ban on sencer are getting used in bathrooms of corporate offices and malls
This is also big water wastage point.so save water.thanks

0 0 #Surajya Please ensure that the trees are not cut in residential areas and the parks meant for children and the old alike are not not given away as Banquet halls.
There is no fresh air or place to relax in these concrete colonies.

2 0 Government must help the citizens to report any crime, illegal activities, corruption related issues through a separate portal.This will help a lot to minimise the impact.Now there is no such feature.Citizens are not aware about complaining to the concerned higher officials directly by mail. An acknowledgement mail must be sent to the sender and  action has to be taken by the officials sincerely. Then only India will become a power nation and grow.

1 0 #Surajya Give the gift of Dual Citizenship to overseas Indians. Former Prime Minister, Atal Behari Vajpayee, had promised dual citizenship in 2003 and former Attorney General, Soli Sorabjee, stated in 2005 “If we want to involve the diaspora, then we can’t deny them the right to vote or the right to occupy important office.” Dual citizenship can have a positive impact on remission of funds to the homeland and strengthens ties and commitment to causes in the country of origin. #GoodGovernanceDay

0 0 #surajya
railways have made incredible progress and development.
i believe through the following below comments that the government has taken many more steps for the development. but more than half of them is unknown to the general public.
pls do something so that all the steps is made known to the public.

0 0 I would like to suggest to scrap free pass system for Railways employees and their families. Charging kids to travel in train is not a good initiative. When the Railways employees get good salary why they need free travel pass?All students must be allowed to travel freely in trains throughout India.The executives who suggested to charge children must come forward to scrap the free pass scheme to its employees immediately. This will only help to save the loss.

1 0 I am very enthusiastic about the my gov portal and participate regularly in the competitions, open discussion and polls . But the acceptance of entries and results of all these competitions are delayed and are not announced in a transparent manner . And grievances in this regard are also not addressed properly. All this should be fixed so that citizens are encouraged to participate.

0 0 #Surajya Which type of Surajya we want ?
Public is paying Tax for Public welfare but what Government does with this money ?
A big game of taxation and subsidy is there.
Now everything is being taxed and afterwards subsidized
Why not directly Tax Free where ever subsidy is provided like fuel.
Let common public know how much tax they are paying for the comfort of VIPs.
They are working hard to make rich politicians, industrialists, intelectuals, beurocrates and so called Media Personnels

1 0 Recently, I traveled in the train, Cleaning toilets with compressed air and water was implemented in the coaches.Nice initiative.
Suggestion: During the cleaning with high pressure, the water splashes on to the seats and people around including children. If they use any barricade that would stop the splashes.
Problem in train: Maintenance:Switches are missing,the fans are dirty,some are not working.A/C coach Bed sheets, pillow covers are covered with papers, these are thrown down.Need Bins.

0 0 Continue..the process within 15 months. Some corrupted officer are arrested in passport office in Assam when someone write it to Pm.This kind of attitude close government and common people and it's defined as surajya.

2 0 my suggestions are
1-elimination of corruption at basic level will give relief to a common man, which can be substantially reduced by surprise visit of highly powered team of very unconcerned fellows. This team has right to take which is not questionable-at court.

0 0 One of the most important issue in my mind is to aware common people so that civic sense may be promoted in the society. Government may polarize through advertisements (using actors/cricketers/.. and country is first and later all other boundaries.

0 0 #Surajya: I was happy that many of the suggestions given by me in the Railways group on MyGov portal were taken up by the government. The launching of Young Professionals program by the NITI Ayog for professionals from different streams of education to work on various policies and programs of Government of India including research work was also laudable. It should by launched again at the earliest. However, the age limit should be increased from 32 to 35 years.

2 0 #Surajya Now a days there is too much crime mostly on women. It cant be decrease only putting criminals in jail only. For that we have to try to give better education with social and cultural values too. If today's children got good education and belief than we will sure that future India definitely  very good. For that in schools from 1 to 12th there must be a subject which teach our child how to take care of our country how respect girls, how a good country became all good points we have teach

0 0 sir,to achieve the #Surajya first thing we will have to do is - to separate the development from politics, until we do it ,we can't even imagine surajya.

1 0 #Surajya: Year 2015 was a milestone year for the Indian Railways. A lot was achieved in terms of cleanliness of railway stations, providing many types of information through SMS, induction of new coaches with swanky and user friendly design and CCTV Cameras, food on demand etc. Many projects announced by the Railway Minister in Railway Budget 2015 is yet to take shape e.g. providing Tablets to TTE's, sattelite based monitoring of unmanned railway crossings etc. I hope these are launched in 2016.

0 0 #surajya. We often hear man ki bat of our "kings"(policy maker of government) in radio,television and it reflects on their policy's,but I believe surajya is that when man ki bat of common people hear the policy makers and act.Example.. I am an innovator from Assam ,my innovation is applied for patent from NIF in 2008 and request for examination in 2011. I notice that to grant a patent in India its take a long period of 6-8 years and I so I wrote to pmo,they take the step and decided to complete

0 0 #surajya except IAS exam,the questions of other government exams(ssc,kendriya vidyalaya,Mbbs etc..) probably leak out before the date of exam.I humble request to our PM sir please take any strict action on it because many students suffers who are not belongs to rich family.Thank you with the hope of 'Slow & steady wins the race'.

0 0 #Surajya In the medical sector we need stricter medical laws which will hold Doctors or medical personnel responsible for any failure in treatment of the patient and in case of the death of the patient the entire money spend on the treatment of the patient would be refunded back to the patient party. Consumer courts must ensure that.

1 0 Please save ponds in my town Pukhrayan distt kanpur dehat UP.After few years there will no pond will remain here. Ponds are diminishing day by day due to enchroachment and local body doing nothing so please take some action .

0 0 # Surajya
Posts on NITI Aayog have to be limited to 500 characters. It would be better if this forum also accepts pdf/jpeg posts, for presentation of developmental proposals and innovative ideas. Besides this NITI Aayog should be an open forum for continuous presentation of innovative proposals.

0 0 Surajya is understood as corruption free governance. If there is corruption in appoint of school/college/University teachers. No one can expect surajya. Therefore, interview of candidates for teaching post at any level has to be done in presence of all candidates, so that candidate may compare his weakness and strength and may rectify his abilities as a competent teacher and society builder.

2 0 #Surajya Please train police staff how to behave with common people. they don't respect us and talks rudely.
Please bring all police officers on twitter so people can tweet directly to concern officers about their issues. it will save time.

1 0 #Surajya First of all thanks to our PM sir and our Govt. who mostly changes India from developing to developed country with their initiative idea through Digital India and we are all feel proud as our PM sir is the best leader through his works and dedication towards our nation and also Media baron Rupert Murdoch mentioned that our PM sir is the best leader since Independence of India.Thank you for that and have a complain that ....

2 0 #Surajya For the rapid help of the Persons with Disabilities provide Unique ID to PWD. #Surajya

3 0 #Surajya .If it is possible the names along with the concerned corrupted persons photos should be displayed in the same department and its sister departments at least for one year the corruption may be controlled and ultimately the CORRUPTION may be eradicated.

1 0 #Surajya,Respected Sir,
Seasons Greetings
Good Governance may help in reducing the litigation with Governments so Good Governance also aim to avoid unnecessary litigation.#Surajya,

0 0 and lko made by two ntian japan and dubai in my supervision plz if ajeet sir belive me and support by v.k singh sir

1 0 Many of our top Educational institutes are still not in World top institution list.More to be done in this field. We have reached MARS in first attempt so why not in top 100 or 50 or 10 in world ranking in educational institution.
#surajya

0 0 #surajya
a suggestion for forthcoming year 2016.Makarsakranti is on 14 jan,where all of us donate something or the other to our friends,relatives and among poor.The mind set for this day of donation should well used by govt for provoking people for more donation in terms of donation of plants to each other (like tulsi plants which has both medicinal & religiou value.It is well said planting it in homes brings peace and wealth).

0 0 sir ts sir deal to balck(pak) we welcome sugar and other crap in 16 season and u getduti free to hing badam (afgani producat caon to with team borad by gyanendra singh t

0 0 pradhanmantri awas Yojna pending matter on smart city .
I am from Amravati Maharashtra
and waiting for this scheme.

0 0 Totally Working PM only with great aim but government employees not seriously.
pgportal.gov.in my grievance pending from 5months. PMOPG/E/2015/0043619

1 0 #surajya i came to know and observed The that there are many universities (like mriu in faridabad) which dont return  security money of their students which are refundable and there are no any govt. Body where one can complain. After 60 yrs of independence these universities are exploiting their students please do something. Even i also suffered as same is happening in manav rachna univ faridabad. I passed in 2014 (b.tech) but college is not refunding our security money.when asked no response.

1 0 I came to know and observed that there are many universities (like mriu in faridabad) which dont return  security money of their students which are refundable and there are no any govt. Body where one can complain. After 60 yrs of independence these universities are exploiting their students please do something. Even i also suffered as same is happening in manav rachna univ faridabad. I passed in 2014 (b.tech) but college is not refunding our security money.when asked no response taken by colleg

0 0 # Surajya
AMRUT Thrust Areas
Para 3.1.3 Septage
Improvement suggested-
Septic Tank Effluent treatment has to be ensured as per page no. 58 of the Handbook on Technical Options for On-Site-Sanitation issued by the Ministry of Drinking Water & Sanitation-May 2012. It lays down process for chlorination of the effluent before disposal into open drains. A non-chemical method consisting of the Ozonation and UV Treatment may also be proposed in preference to the chemical method of chlorination.

0 0 I came to know and observed that there are many universities (like mriu in faridabad) which dont return  security money of their students which are refundable and there are no any govt. Body where one can complain. After 60 yrs of independence these universities are exploiting their students please do something. Even i also suffered as same is happening in manav rachna univ faridabad. I passed in 2014 (b.tech) but college is not refunding our security money.when asked no response taken by colleg

0 0 Pollution ke regarding India government Ki kaya future plans h?

3 0 #Surajya 200 percent tax benefit for companies spending on Toilets (Sauchalaya) in villages,this will result in full filling the dream "CLEAN INDIA"

0 0 Aam public ke leaving standard ko uppar uthane ke liye koi policy banani chahiye.

0 0 देश में असली सुराज तभी आएगा जब भारत अपनी विशाल श्रम शक्तिे को दुनिया की जरूरतों के अनुसार बदले और देश भर में औद्योगिक कार्य संस्कृति का विकास हो। इसके लिए हमें मनरेगा, काम के बदले अनाज जैसी दान-दक्षिणा वाली नीतियों से आगे बढ़कर तकनीकी शिक्षा, स्वास्‍थ्‍य,सड़क, बिजली, कोल्ड़ चेन, खाद्य प्रसंस्करण, उत्‍पादों के भंडारण-विपणन व आईटी में भरपूर निवेश करना होगा।सबसे बढ़कर यह निवेश महानगर केंद्रित न होकर देश भर में विकेंद्रित होना चाहिए ताकि उदारीकरण के लाभ का समान वितरण हो।

0 0 #Surajya I shall request for a mechanism/system to be introduced in government departments where each of the employee is rewarded for the work raised and completed by them out of their job.Though the reward be a token it may highly induce efforts from the employees.Thankyou !

0 0 Respected Sir, to ensure proper quality, the quality control of the construction projects of both central and state governments and public institutions may be entrusted to institutions like I.I.T.s, I.I.M.s etc.
Up to 1% of the project cost may be spent for quality control. The details of scope, entrustment, compliance etc. of the quality control mechanism may be worked out by a team of experts. I am suggesting this as the already existing mechanism for quality control seems ineffective.

0 0 #Surajya It has been found that many big corporate companies have huge Cash in Hand under the head Cash balance if Government can introduce the restriction of making Cash payments for big corporate houses then they will no longer need to maintain huge Cash balance which will result in inflow of un utilized cash into banks and eventually increased the GDP GROWTH.It will increase money flow in the systems resulting in cheaper interest rates.

1 0 Poor, cumbersome and highly complicated education system in country...no quality education to all...no #Surajya

1 0 इसके लिए मेरा अनुभव सामने हें - मेरे द्वारा पिछले 1 साल में उठाई गयी जनसमस्याओं को प्रशासन ने हवा में उड़ा दिया ....ये कह कर कि ये तो राजनितिक व्यक्ति हें .....अर्थात राजनितिक व्यक्ति को प्रशासन को जनहित में जगाने का हक नहीं ? और ऐसे प्रशासनिक अधिकारियों को उपर से वरद हस्त ?  ...राजस्थान  में  एक  कार्यकर्ता  की  औकात  से   PMO  को  अवगत  कराने  हेतु  प्रेषित

1 0 वसुंधरा जी द्वारा सरकार के दो साल के जश्न में कार्यकर्ताओं को धन्यवाद के लिए आभार ! ...हालांकि इसकी कोई जरूरत नहीं थी , वह तो नेताओं का बंधुआ हें आप तो आगामी दो साल में अवश्य कुछ कर दिखाएँ अन्यथा बिचारा कार्यकर्त्ता किस मुंह से जाएगा ....चुनाव में वोट मांगने ? जिसकी जरूरत अंततः पड़नी ही हें  CC  to  PMO

0 0 All Online Services in Govt Revenue Earning Departments.
Tenders & Contracts
Coal,3G,FM Allocation
are Real Example of Good Governance & #surajya
Further All Possible Bills which are going to presented & Discussed in Parliament are Highlighted on Parliament Website of LS & RS
Than all People of India are suggested to go through details & give Opinion+Vote Yes or No
Those in Favour tick Yes
Those against tick No
Those Not Decided Blank.
Result to be shared with all & take decide.

0 0 People at my place capturing Khar land making buildings starting wth shade house and no one to stop . Plz look into this matter b4 it's to late . It's already late but diff is tht on tht time our party was not in power . I have wrote abt miss use of water I hope tht tweet must have gone thru u r notice sir . Thane has no BJP strong leader beside tht have all . !!  जय जगन्नाथ !!!

0 0 #Surajya Sir,  It is to advice to you regarding the transfer of gas connection from late father to son.  The gas agencies creating problems for people.  They are saying to give them death certificate of both late father and mother otherwise they will cancel the connection. There is a case where death certificate is not available. My advice to you to accept the  affidavit from successor  (from son) and not to cancel the gas connection in the faviour of people of india.

0 0 हरित क्रांति के गेहूं,धान, कपास, गन्ना जैसी चुनिंदा फसलों तक सिमटे रहने का नतीजा है कि जिस देश के गोदाम गेहूं-चावल से अटे पड़े हैं वह दालों व खाद्य तेल के लिए विदेशों का मुंह ताकता है।यदि खाद्य तेल आयात (75000 करोड़ रूपये) जितनी राशि तिलहन किसानों की जेब में जाए तो उन्हें किसी दान-दक्षिणा (मनरेगा) की जरूरत नहीं पड़ेगी।

0 0 गन्ना किसानों को राहत देने के लिए सरकार ने 2015-16 सीजन में गन्ना किसानों को साढ़े चार रूपये प्रति क्विंटल उत्पादन सब्सिडी देने का फैसला किया है।यदि इसका दायरा तिलहनी, दलहनी फसलों और मोटे अनाजों तक बढ़ा दिया जाए तो देश में सही अर्थों में हरित क्रांति आ जाएगी। इससे न सिर्फ खाद्य व पोषण सुरक्षा सुनिश्चित होगी बल्कि गांवों की गरीबी, मौसमी बेरोजगारी भी दूर हो जाएगी।

0 0 Rural development is one of the most ambitious and important aspect of Government of India.The Government is running the programmes for rural development through 3 tier system.But there should be direct link from state Govt to village panchayat.There is no need for intermediate system like Zila Parishad and Panchayat samitee.By removing those intermediate system the corruption will get reduced to higher ectent and again the service to the common man will be provided immediately.

0 0 #Surajya 1)Time bound service guarantee is a great step..now mechanism has to be developed such that all Certificates can be delivered directly online by all state govt.2)Medical officers post for Ayurveda Doctors,25% should be reserved and filled regularly.3)24*7 pan -India health helpline such that any emergency can be done without wasting of time especially on Highways.4)Swachh bharat online posting of Unclean areas and action has to be taken and report it to user.

0 0 मोदी जी के दुश्मन हजार लेकिन जनता के मन में प्यार अपार साथ ही उम्मीदें असीम , गया समय वापस आना नहीं आने वाले डेढ़ साल में आप केवल गंदगी खत्म कीजिये गंगा की और सिस्टम की मेरा दावा हें UP भी मोदी जी का होगा और 2019 भी . ये सत्य हें कि अभी तक जनता को कुछ दिखा नहीं इसलिए निराश लेकिन यदि अब भी समय का सदुपयोग किया तो सब ठीक होगा . मन्दिर मुद्दे पर बोलने से परहेज़ करें , हमें गुजरात मोडल पसंद ; शांति के साथ विकास . सम्भावनाएं असीम उपयोगकर्ता की राह देख रही . गंगा शुद्धि हेतु में समर्पित हूँ ,मुझे परखिये

1 0 “ ..There will who will continue to drink even through Swaraj is established. Those must be tackled after Swaraj..” Mahatma Gandhi(15/10/1924.

0 0 . # Surajya: It is best if there is an area in MyGov & people can post their problem in short or wish, so that Govt can see, understand, help, suggest etc. Many people do not know well English or Hindi, if they post by their mother language (English letter); hope it will be accepted by MyGov. Needed a toll free phone number to connect MyGovt.

1 0 "...What is the meaning of Swaraj, so long as a single women is dying of starvation, so long as she can be robbed of her honour by any common man? I am right in claiming that man who shows woman an honorable means to satisfy her hunger, provides the material to win Swaraj. Women in India are crippled. What work for Swaraj can you do as long as you do nothing for them?…"(Mahatma Gandhi. Public meeting in Poona. 5/3/1927)

1 0 # Surajya: AYUSH ministry & NAM formed & trying to uplift Ayush systems of treatment but needs guidance from Ayush doctors/passionate not from allopathic doctor for more betterment. Transforming ideas for Green India, Swach Bharat, Clean Ganga etc. all are towards Surajya.

0 0 # Surajya: They can learn, safeguard their valued paper etc through various project of Digital India.

0 0 बीचवाले की band सब बजायेंगे आम आदमी २ से ज्यादा बच्चे करे तो सजा लालूजी कुछ भी करे तो कुछ नहीं वो नेता है ना सुराज आएगा चपरासी बनना है तो डिग्री लगेगी चुनाव में खड़े रहना है तो कमीनापन लगेगा सुराज आएगा.बहुत कुछ अच्छा है पर जो नहीं है उसको तो सही करे बस अगर उसमे से थोडा सही हो जाये तो सुराज तो आ नहीं जायेगा है ही.

0 0 Sab ka Sath Sab ka Bikash-Together We Move together We Grow-this motto of India Government helps  the unity and integration of India without discriminating between colour, creed partisanship or religion.This motto needs more publicity.#Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 सुराज्य का अर्थ होता है कि हर तरफ चरों दिशाओं में समानता रखते हुआ चौमुखी विकास करना।मुझे दुःख है कि यदि एक सामान्य नागरिक यदि वास्तविक सुझाव देता है तो उसे महत्त्व नहीं दिया जाता यह जरुरी नहीं की प्रतिनिधि द्वारा कही बात पर ही केवल ध्यान दिया जाय यदि उन्ही के बात को केवल संज्ञान में लेना है तो लोगो द्वारा सुझाव लेने का क्या अर्थ है?जैसा कि अतिपिछड़ा पूर्वी उ0प्र0 की स्वीकृत नई रेल लाईन आनंदनगर, घुघली वाया महाराजगंज की कैबिनेट मंजूरी नहीं दी जारही है।इसका सुझाव मैं कई बार दे चुका हूँ।

0 0 # Surayja: People can voice, post ideas/suggestions to Govt portal, even attention can be drawn by posting on social media pages of Govt organization, they can contact PMO India

1 0 #surajya let me congratulate and thank u for work done till now by your gov and not forcing but motivating gov employ to do better work for people and making gov process very simply for people but there are many place were you can do still good work one of main issue is crime your gov needs break the pattern of crime if you look there are same people who commit same crime with diff people at diff place sir please compulsory in all policestation 80% cases must  solved with time bound

0 0 # Surayja : Touting/black marketing checked as LPG cylinder can be booked directly through phone call and receiving with in short period of time at stipulated price & subsidy going directly to customers bank account.

2 0 Respected Sir,the GiveItUp compaign for the giving up of the LPG subsidy can be made more effective by giving a distinctive colour to the non-subsidised cylinders. This will encourage more people to surrender the subsidy,as the availing or non-availing of the subsidy will become visible and noticeable to all,playing on both moral and snob values of the society.

0 0 जायेगा दूसरी तरफ एकी बेकी करा जायेगा फिर भी सुराज आएगा करोडो रूपये की गाड़ी खरीदने दी जाएगी पर उनको कहा जायेगा बस में सफर करो साईकिल पर जाओ सुराज आएगा.बीडी सिगरेट शराब बंद नहीं किये जायेंगे सुराज तो आएगा.बेंको को कहा जायेगा कर्जा दो कर्जा दो फिर वो नहीं आएगा तो कोई बात नहीं बेन्क बर्बाद होने दो सुराज आएगा.अमरिका हमारा अनुसरण कर रह अहै पर हम भारत को ही अमरीका बनायेंगे सुराज तो आएगा.वहां की हर अछी बुरी बात हम भी करेंगे सुराज तो आएगा गरीब को जबरदस्ती अमीर बनाया जायेगा अमीर तो और अमीर बनेगा पर

0 0 इस फोरम  के माध्यम से में एक बात कहना चाहता हूँ कि और हम सबका कर्तव्य बनता हैं की हम अपने आस-पास सफाई रखे और दूसरो को भी प्रेरित करे साफ सुथरा रहने के लिए और एक बहुत ही चिंतित VISHY हैं ENVIRONMENT जिस पर हम लोगो का बहुत ध्यान होना चाहिए औरउसके लिए सोलर उर्जा पर सरकार बहुत सारी योजना बना सकती हैं जैसे हाउसिंग SOCITIES को सोलर गार्डेन बनाना ज़रूरी हो ETC
1.गाँव में सोलर उर्जा पर विशेष ध्यान दिया जाना चाहिए.
2.कस्बो में सोलर उर्जा पर awarness सेमिनार होने चाहिए. (क्या लाभ हैं/ और जो विशेष लागत)

0 0 Dear #MyGov,
I'd like to thank you for providing a platform to share our thoughts, so that we can appreciate the various initiatives taken by the #GovtofIndia recently.
I always try to share this information with the less fortunate about how they can get and give benefit from their own Govt., so that they should have a peaceful life. I've learned and shared information on what could be benefited from #pradanmantrijandhan yojana, #Mudrabank and 8 insurance policies launched by the Govt.PFA

0 0 हर चीज की कीमत बढती जाएगी पर सुराज आएगा.नेताओ में कमीनापन बढ़ता जायेगा पर सुराज्य आएगा.लोगो पर बिना जरुरत के कर बढ़ते जायेंगे पर सुराज्य आयेगा कानून की धज्जियाँ उडती रहेंगी पर सुराज्य आएगा जो काम सीधे सीधे हो रहा है उसमे अडंगा जरुर लगाया जायेगा पर सुराज आएगा.चौड़ी सड़को को BRTS से बर्बाद करा जायेगा पर सुराज आएगा ज्सिके पास मेहनत का है उससे छिनकर दुसरो को दिया जायेगा पर सुराज आएगा.आम आदमी को कैसे कैसे परेशान करना ये power फुल लोगो का शौक बनता जा रहा है पर सुराज आएगा.एक तरफ गाडियो का अम्बार लगाने दिया

0 0 Sir,in continuation, a similar legislation must be introduced for our honorable law-makers where a penalty is levied for every minute wasted in our parliament and the amount be deducted from all the legislators salaries.This will ensure that laws and legislations are adequately discussed,debated and passed in the most expeditious manner possible and thereby all citizens are benefited.#Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

1 0 For the rapid inclusion of Persons with Disabilities provide Unique ID to PWD. #Surajya

0 0 Open Forum Discussion on Surajya

0 0 Dear sir,the best initiatives are usually the ones taken keeping the poorest beneficiaries in mind.So,an important step to be taken by the government for the coming years is the implementation of a SERVICE GUARANTEE ACT in all government departments which ensures delivery of services within 15 days at the least and 25 days at the maximum.If services are not delivered,a penalty amount would be deducted from the concerned official until it is done.This one step can single-handedly change India.

0 0 स्वराज्य से सुराज्य का हमारा सफर बहुत लंबा और कष्टदायी जरुर है, पर फलदायी भी होगा, विश्वास है | २१ वे सदी की सभी प्राथमिक सुविधाएँ हमारे देश के अंतिम व्यक्ती तक पहुँचाने से ही सुराज्य की स्थापना होगी | घर, बिजली, आरोग्य, पक्की सडक, स्वच्छता, खेती सहयोग, मिडिया, पर्यावरण, शिक्षा, पानी, सकस आहार, दूरध्वनी, यातायात और गतिमान पारदर्शक व्यवस्था इनको अगर हम प्राथमिक समझे तो हमें कार्य करने मे सुलभता होगी |
#Surajya

0 0 Respected Sir, Your government management is good for goingon, people for your scheme is taken action immediately sending to common man to life. I appreciate to do your work, but the same time agriculture and environmental sollution is all state your goingon is good for india, already your taken step but all states is properly india all district all last village person is available is your scheme is winning stage, thats why i am saying here, this is for your humble request Sir, Jaihind.

0 0 All I want to say to Mr. Modi is thanks for everything that you are doing for our country. You are an encouraging source for everyone.

1 0 स्वराज्य से सुराज्य का हमारा सफर बहुत लंबा और कष्टदायी जरुर है, पर फलदायी भी होगा, विश्वास है | २१ वे सदी की सभी प्राथमिक सुविधाएँ हमारे देश के अंतिम व्यक्ती तक पहुँचाने से ही सुराज्य की स्थापना होगी | बिजली, आरोग्य, पक्की सडक, स्वच्छता, खेती सहयोग, मिडिया, पर्यावरण, शिक्षा, पानी, सकस आहार, दूरध्वनी, यातायात और गतिमान पारदर्शक व्यवस्था इनको अगर हम प्राथमिक समझे तो हमें कार्य करने मे सुलभता होगी |
#Surajya

0 0 I appreciate the efforts made by the government in various fields theya are optimistic but I want government to take some steps which can reap benefits in long-run.I believe that education is one of the strong medium to bring change in the society and the country so I wnat govt to frame a policy which could bring revolution in present edu and make edu moral and value-based one and lay foundation to the strong future of India.it has multiplier effect and could set our society in rythm.

1 0 #surajya Sir I suggest to make a national platform for missing persons. Generally the attitude of the police for first few days are non cooperative, considering that the missing person will come back on his own. Whereas this time is very crucial. On this platform, the information of missing persons can be updated by the relatives on realtime basis. The police stations/ Public can update the details of missing persons found in their area. This will be of great help for the grieved family.

1 0 On the occasion of good governance we all talking about good governance but the question require to raise that, Can good governance is responsibility of only government in power ????????ans is simply no.
Today Indian politics crossed all boarder , so as an Indian citizen i request all party leaders, all party members that let be practical on working behalf of public at anytime and at any post.
All should leave their "EGO" and works for the nation- then its called "GOOD GOVERNANCE"

0 0 EDUCATION

0 0 #Surajya empathy and participative training to all persons at execution level of policy implementation especially in social sector. Enabling Participative democracy could be suggestive pointer in executives carrier development.

0 0 #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov  I can't miss to  mention one thing that We have always demanded public contribution from the government and this government has made it possible and made us proud citizen whose suggestion and advice matter for the government.

0 0 THIS IS ALL ABOUT EDUCATION SYSTEM IN INDIA

0 0 pm is taking lot of efforts for betterment of indiA. we appretiate his work.
i think , PM shall give visit to one or two villages per month. so that he will be able to spread his work done. and will get more connected to rural india.

0 0 https://www.facebook.com/Victims-Of-Gujarat-Secondary-Higher-Secondary-E... VISIT MY PAGE AND WATCH WHAT IS THE CURRENT EDUCATION SYSTEM IN INDIA, GUJARAT

0 0 Surajya means Good Governance मतलब अच्छी सरकारी योजना के अनुसार काम करना जो सभी लोगो के लिये हो न कि केवल नेताओ के लिये या एक समुदाय के लिये!अक्सर देखा जाता है कि योजनाए केवल नाम कि होती है जो बनती तो है पर जब उसके अमल की बारी आती है तो इतना वक्त लग जाता है कि दुसरी सरकार आ जाती है! इसलिये उतनी ही योजनाए बनायी जाये जो पुरी हो सके ताकि लोगो को ये ना लगे कि इस सरकार ने कुछ नही किया! जनता किसी भी बात पर नही लडती वो तो केवल अपनी रोजी के लिये जीती है, लडवाने का काम तो कुछ नेताओ और रसुखदारो का है!

0 0 #Surajya #MyGov #GoodGovernanceDay I salute the gov. for their constant effort towards development. I appreciate the work of each and everyone and I feel that I can convey my thoughts to you. I can feel that I am citizen of India. well, I just want to tell you sir please make the system transparent. I have raised my voice against sexual harassment at work place and I have been fired from the government organization. My duty was just to inform you which I did but my voice suppressed.

1 0 #Surajya energise community formation through Roti (sanjha chullah backed by clean energy) , pani (common clean water filtration plant)  and swachhata (community controlled public toilets) at village /town and city level.. inter community dependence for learning and growing should be encouraged..

0 0 जब लोगो को न्याय उन की अपनी भाषा मे और जल्द मिलेगा जब ही सुराज्य आयेगा।

1 0 #surajya.#mygov
Cow slaugther...importance given cow is very much appreciated
One ideas. Cow logs can used for cremation instead wood.
One body requires arround 250 kg of wood and cost arround 7-8 rs per kg
Ie 1800rs on an one cremation cost 10000 kg wood per day in town
A cow gives arround 10 kg of cow log made out cow dung is it can save 1000 cows per cremation
Benifits: saved wood good for climate
Saved cows and additional revenue to farmers
Provide employment to

1 0 4. PM must attend all meetings of parliament...
5. Publish progress report of the government based on election- manifesto and other economic parameters periodically say, bi-monthly.
6. I appreciate your efforts and results of foreign trips but the time has come to consolidate your efforts with-in-India and show results on the ground to shut-up opposition.

0 0 CONNECT ALL THE STATE TO MAKE SAME BEST EDUCATION SYSTEM IN ALL OVER INDIA, FILTER ALL THE STUDENT BY HIS/HER PASSION, AND GIVE ALL THE BASIC EDUCATION TO ALL THE STUDENT AND THEN GIVE TEACHING TO MAKE BEST IN HIS/HER PASSION.THIS DIFFERENT TYPE OF EDUCATION SYSTEM IN ALL THE DIFFERENT STATE MAKE DIFFERENT CATEGORY STUDENT,CHECK PROGRE REPORT IN EDUCATION DISTRICT WISE IF SOME DISTRICT IS NOT BEST IN EDUCATION IS ALWAYS NOT BEST, MAKE ALL THE BOARD OF EDUCATION SAME CBSE=GSHSEB=STATE BOARD

1 0 Respected Sir,
  Seasons Greetings
Good Governance may help in reducing the litigation with Governments so Good Governance also aim to avoid unnecessary litigation.

0 0 #Surajya Before giving 7th pay revision to employees, start rashtriya-gram-sewa-yojna (RGSY) in which all serving & retired central employees should discharge their employee social responsibility (ESR)and work for 52days/year on honorary basis in one adopted village out of 7 laks villages, for awareness of welfare schemes, beneficiary verification, feedback collection, shramdaan for works to improve life quality. RGSY will sensitize employee, make them less corrupt and give relief to rural india

0 0 #Surajya,Strict action should be taken against members obstructing work of LS and RS. First complete agenda and then do all pandemonium outside Sabhas or extend session by a day or so on no payment basis.
2.All cases in courts of law must be decided in max 5 years- lower to highest court whereafter all costs be borne by the governments/courts.
3.Yardstick of growth should be changed from GDP to a)employment growth b)increase in per capita income c)poverty reduction,d) addl. infra-structure....

0 0 #Surajya If all LPG customers on database under Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas can be given DBT for 1 LED light bulb or tubelight with every booking of gas cylinder in financial year 2016-17, this can go a long way in Bijili Bachao Desh Banao, fight climate change and reduce residential energy demand substantially. This DBT expenditure should be looked at as an investment and can be provisioned in the Union Budget 2016-17 to be presented on 28/02/16 by Hourable Jaitlyji in Parliament

0 0 Honorable PM  Sir,
connectivity from rural india to urban india is as like a rise of modern india. Sir creation of modern infrastructure in rural india help in this noble cause. BPL facilities is required for rural india only  IT revolution , connectivity of roads, industrlial revolution,  tourism  can help people to people contact programes between remote areas and urban india. production of skilled manpower in this remote areas.

0 0 Manufacturing needs to be given top priority and job provider a really special status. India needs quality goods and not cheap imports from China. Products like umbrella ,wooden furniture, chappal,shoes,clothes, woolen are basic items and good quality in our country but being replaced by cheap chinese goods and our people losing jobs. #surajya need of the hour to manufacture and use in India only.

0 0 Surprise ! Our PM is going to Pakistan ! Hopefully the outcome of this visit be more than expected !  #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 A thought on Good Governance Day December 25th why Indian City need to celebrate cutting across of any political party; there are 5 ingredients of success whether in Amsterdam or Barcelona or Seoul or New York or Singapore as SMARTCITY to many Indian Cities because they have: visionary leadership, strong political will, good urban planning, good design and good governance and most important a city just can't jump into SMARTCITY straight without having these ingredients as part of good governance

1 0 i submit a suggestion to tackle corruption.
An undertaking from all of the Government Officials may be obtained from the Controlling Officers.
Undertaking
I swear that i will not get any bribe during the discharge of any of my government duties. If it comes to know that i got any bribe at any situation, i will accept the punishment as the Government desires fit.
signature of the Official.
This undertaking may be obtained from basic to IAS Service cadres.
thank you.
SRK.jeyaraman.

0 0 orphaned people should get decent funeral services when they die. govt should have a organization for it.

0 0 living condition improvement cell should be created and made accessable to citizens.

0 0 How to ensure quality of service in private /public sector ? #surajya encompasses all sectors for all section of society. But with advent of call centre and no man to man communication - effective service and redresal of issues gets trapped in phone calls and ultimate solution is nil. Can we draw some honest service oriented persons self motivated to actually serve and monitor ? Companies be rated on service quality as major parameter and not only profit. Any agency indian can ensure this.

0 0 law should be simplified & explained that more n more common man can understand it easily.

0 0 #Surajya @MyGovIndia #GoodGovernanceDay Government should work on developing local leadership, so that development can reach at every level. I would even say that even from the homeless section that lives under flyovers, on footpath there should be some sort leadership for them as well. And these leaders should be trained as more like social workers. Government can start campaign like work part time (without pay) for your society as a contributor or leader. it'll encourage youth.

0 0 stricter punishment on blackmoney holders should be advertised and implemented.

0 0 Government is planning to solve black money issue.
Black money problem can be solved in a simple and fast way,
Govt.can make a declaration- There is no black money in India.
Then billions of rupees will flow into economy
1.Stock market
2.Film Industry
3.Construction industry
4.Business/industry
Benefit
Many people will get jobs/rich.
What is purpose of investing black money
Investigatng illegal activities and tax evasions of past 10-20 years
No use. Act today for today

0 0 I THINK IF EDUCATION SYSTEM CHANGE IN OUR COUNTRY THEN WE CAN SOLVE MOST OF THE PROBLEM OF OUR COUNTRY, IF U REALLY THINK ABOUT OUR NATION PROBLEMS THEN U ALWAYS FIND EDUCATION PROBLEM THERE    I THINK GOVERNMENT SHOULD TAKE FIRST STEP TO CHANGE THE EDUCATION SYSTEM STATE WISE..

0 0 #Surajya government has to put more concentration of National Skill Development Corporation. @MyGovIndia This program has to be implemented in all Engineering colleges of India and the youth have to be trained in various aspects such as app developments etc.

0 0 a model or idea which can give maximum jobs should be debated and winner's idea should be supported at regular intervals.

0 0 #Surajya can only be attained when every individual citizen puts the benefits of the country before his/her own benefit. I am sorry to say but when I see the advertisment that asks us to give up subsidy on something, I only think why cannot the ministers give up there 10-90% salaries for the benefit of nation? Why only common citizen is asked to give away benefits when the administrative heads enjoy free petrol etc, which they get from taxpayers money. If the representatives improve we also will

0 0 #Surajya Request from Government:(i)employment(ii)Women security in road transport(iii) Electrified Roads for all types of vehicles incl HEVs(iv)zero emissions(v)No import of Petroleum products(vi)Renewable energy(vii)electric operated agricultural machines(viii)easy and comfortable public transport(ix)Power & comm(x)cost of agricultural products in cities due to costly transport.All have solution in electrified road transpor with pair of overhead line receiving power from eco-friendly Pow Stn

0 0 All Indians must contribute to bring change in our society. Accept, appreciate and contribute in good governance. It is not only #MyGovIndia but we all are equally responsible for #Surajya.

0 0 Govt should also concentrate on improving the services provided to the people, which includes ensuring prompt solution of people’s grievances power sector.
#Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 Gujarat is a live example when it comes to the use of Solar Energy. Therefore both the central and the state governments should educate the people and promote the use of Solar Energy among the people.
#Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 4. Jobs and Support for business: We agree that Modi Government is focusing towards Job generation. it is should be the prime focus for each local government authorities to focus on. More focus towards Farmers and people below poverty line to get Job and start their business will accelerate the system and drive the economy faster. the programs are in place but needs more visibility and precise execution plan at ground level.

0 0 we think for a post of DISTRICT MANAGER like MBA person to every district for manage to neat and clean india, because as we see that this program not work in full force.

0 0 Lots of initiative taken, but is that visible on ground?
We came across many measures taken to bring down Pulses price, its been more than 2 months but Toor daal is still Rs 170-200 per kg.
So it is very important that it is ensured that changes are evident on ground.
And as I said in past, perception is becoming negative about the government. Platform like Mann Ki Baat should be used to send correct messages. Currently it appears to be lost in normal chit chat. I understand that is how PM Modi has envisaged it, but when the media is so dead against and are spreading negative news, government will have to ensure a counter.

0 0 Start river linkimg project all over the country and all Indians and avoid natural calamities like uttrakhand floods, chennai floods, bundelkhand draught, rajasthan draught and many more. This project was initited a decade back Shri Atalji and restarting this initiative on his 91st birthday would be ideal gift to this great and all fellow countrymen #surajya

0 0 please increase medical seats in next year and start DHANVANTARI at district level program also.

0 0 3. Law & Order: It is the most disputed topics but need a proper structure/Neethi. The judicial system should be fast enough to execute the issues faster. The Police FIR registration, actions taken, police data should be managed online. this will make police effective, the process of execution faster and bring some level of transparency.

0 0 Surajya: There are various facets of it therefore we need to first tackle things that need immediate attention.
1. Basic infrastructure: Roads, Shelter and Food (This has been initiated by Modi government but needs more attentions and execution plan on ground level). This includes Sanity, though it has been tackled by 'Swatch Bharat Abhiyan'.
2.  Health: The agenda/execution plan should be implemented and benefits should be readily available to each citizen and not only people with money.

0 0 sir,
please ensure that any type of power (diesel, petrol, electricity, etc.) and fertilizers purchase should be through ATM or any other cards payment system only and not to be cash as at present every indian having ATM CARD. This is help us to reduce the numbers of BPL/APL definitely.

0 0 #Surajya #PMKVY  In last 19 months there were many initiatives/schemes launched.Many of those schemes is supposed to be led by the MP. Is there a common platform where one can get all the details of how a MP is performing or what all steps a MP is taking to make those initiatives successful. If such platform is provided a voter would be more empowered while selecting their MP. It will increase the accountability and create a healthy competition among the MP and would help in nation building.

0 0 Sad to see parliament session being washed out and GST not being passed. Do we need to relook at democracy as a form of Govt ? Will the people of India see their dreams being fulfilled ?

0 0 One of the important premise of GST; is avoiding double taxation, by giving input tax credit to intermediate dealers. However the Sales Tax departments view it as a concession given to the dealer at the discretion of the department; rather than his right. They simply disallow the credit, with retrospective effect, if the dealer at previous stage is defaulter. This is most unfair practice and should be avoided in administration of GST. Penalty for defaulters only, should be the norm.

0 0 Surajya. its explained it self about it. Menace only"Ram Rajay". But today we are very selfies. That,s why we understand wrongly and reading "Surajya:- Mera Rajya" I will run it as i will think. No, it`s not.  this is the right time to responds, about to make it real "RAMRAJAYA". And this is only possible when we will think about as like unittey or in other words can say a leader  who is thinking like as. I don`t know what is rest of Indian thinking about, But always with Mr. Modi government

0 0 This is not easy to celebrate Good Governance Day of India without take an responsible action towards growth of agriculture and make farmer self dependent from suicidal tendencies for a loan or family problem. Government has work towards of it as soon as possible then we celebrate with more enthusiasm the spirit of Surajya.This is most important to us.

0 0 #Surajya #PMKVY Skill training would be done based on the National Skill Qualification Framework (NSQF) and industry-led standards.

0 0 #Surajya Thank you, My Government to introduce Digital World to our Life.Your initiative such as :-
->Skill India
->Public Internet Access Programme
->e-Governance
->eKranti
to better our LIFE by saving our TIME and Upgrading ourselves in GLOBAL Era.

0 0 Evacuation of Indian workers from the conflict afflicted Iraq, Syria, Yemen Algeria is highly appreciable task, it was Awesome,unprecedented #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

0 0 Namaskar MyGov & All of You
Please find a attachment of pdf file. One Idea for "EK Bharat Shreshtha Bharat" .Yet Will be Shine The "India".

0 0 We achieved Independence 68 years ago. It is high time our administration comes out of the mentality developed by British for their administrators - that of 'rulers over hostile subjects'. This mentality is most prevalent in Police department. When they deal with public; their view is unless proved otherwise, the person in front of them is a crook. other departments carry same view at varying degrees.
All of them have to understand that they are 'Service providers' paid by public.

0 0 #Surajya #PMKVY Skill training would be done based on the National Skill Qualification Framework (NSQF) and industry-led standards.

0 0 I find railway platforms are clean and trains are running quite punctually #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

0 0 Make in india
 Pardhan mantri jan dhan jogana
Ac 2 every and with it 2 lak
Mudra jogana/fund the unfunded
Pension for senior citizen from 200 to1k
 increase bonus 4 poor
P F has ratio has increased.
homes 4 the poor.
Lpg gas connections
Skill  devel programe 4 all
Swach bharath.
Hud hud and chennai floods issuse he is always there for 125 cr ppl
4women(there security,beti bacaho beti padao.& suraksha bema/police.from japan 2 Usa world respect india. India & indians 1st

0 0 #Surajya #PMKVY Rs 1,500-crore Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojna (PMKVY) to provide skills training to 24 lakh people, including youth

0 0 Suspending companies from trading in stock exchange for non compliance of listing agreement impacts retail investor as his money blocked instead why not ask promoters/management for compulsory buyback thereby retail investor atleast get some of his money back to invest further and also would lead to good governance #surajya #goodgovernanceday #mygov #nseindia #bseindia #sebi

0 0 #Surajya - Policy reforms are very important and desired to restore faith of general people . Defence personnel's support in term of new and technically upgraded equipment is desired to make country safe with care of life of our SAINIK which are protecting us from enemies

0 0 “Let's pledge to make India
the skill capital of the world” -@NarendraModi
#Surajya

0 0 #Surajya The new design of current collector for electric vehicles awarded 2nd prize in IEEE ITEC India-2015, will generate more than 100 millions employment against few percent of expenditure on import of petroleum products. Rural youths/women/persons may get work at their near their residence for maintenance of overhead power supply line,roads, EVs repair/maint along with local activities of MNREGA.

2 0 Grievance portal (pgportal.gov.in/) has been upgraded as compared to 2013 however efficiency is still a matter of concern. I have written to authorities on various issues but only very few have been taken to logical conclusion. Most of the complaints are not moving from central repository. I request the ministry to check the way of working & bring professional people to run the department with daily reports of backlogs & statistics. #Surajya

0 0 #Surajya Better tools other than audit are required to know the how the tax money was spent for the people. All the documents related to spending if public money should be made public on websites. RTI and citizen charters are time taking and should be a last resort for the citizen. Pro active Governance is a integral part of Good Governance.

0 0 We can see the seriousness of Modi govt and ministers in execution. Work in Right direction.
Now need to penetrate in Bihar with basic amenities. There are poor sanitation and no electricity in Bhowara-malahtoli Kantahi -Madhubani . A hemlate dominated by lower caste.. Lalu and Nitish just cheated them. Since 5 years electro poll with meter installed in the BPL families just before assembly election these were replaced but polls are without wiring and electricity.

0 0 #Surajya - Issue need priority -
Road & Infrastructure - We are facing environmental problem which could be reduced by way of execution of pending projects of roads and other infrastructure immediately. Provide alternative connectivity to divert unnecessary movement of vehicles through residential colonies specially big cities where already there are many reasons which are causing air, water & noise pollution.
Another Area is real sector for which Land bill is pending and need to pass asap

0 0 #surajya I am very happy to know that central Government is collecting reports about success of education system by evaluating students, schools  for improvement.
Now present Govt. has sanctioned 2 Lakh crores rupees for continuing National Highways project and sanctiond 5lcINR for next 5 years. Logistics is key result area for India and this is one good solution.

0 0 #Surajya #PMKVY Rs 1,500-crore Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojna (PMKVY) to provide skills training to 24 lakh people, including youth

0 0 #Surajya Good Governance should be visible in the interior parts of India also. For this ITDAs/ITDPs should be more empowered financially. Tribal Sub-Plan should be implemented in letter and spirit for the tribals to develop along with their counterparts in rural and urban areas. Lack of Transparency and Information is dampening the spirit of empowering tribals leading to internal wars with its own people.

0 0 #Surajya For India, the invention awarded 2nd prize in IEEE ITEC India-2015 is filed for patent and published in IPO Journal No. 49/2015 patent app no. 3607/DEL/2015 Tittle Electronic Current collector for vehicles. It will improve investment in Make in India as it is related to global warming and world need it.Attached is pic of electric bus of London need update with new design for flexible operation like fuel bus. Government permission for road and electricity use are necessary.

0 0 #surajya again come back to India by @Narendramodi PM. 
Giving by opportunity and programme
Like
1) Make in India
2) Ek Bharat Shreshth Bharat
3) Digital India
Etc.
No doubt in this government for make #surajya in India

0 0 #Surajya - Current Government is doing work in right direction which need time to execute it. We need following on priority -
1. Strict & effective law for safety and security of our Daughter, Sister, wife & mothers. It is very important to make our society balanced and respect for girls and women.
1st of all morally we need to develop a positive thought of all of us to save girls at the time of birth from her own family and then protect it from ill thought of anti social aliments. We if we

0 0 In Modi Sarkar we can see Efficiency, Transparency, Punctuality that's #Surajya

0 0 #Surajya I am happy to know that our Rural Development Minister announced plan to recruit 10,000 bearfoot Engineers to help people for self employment schemes in villages. Central Govt. will transfer funds directly to citizens. This will prevent leakage of funds and biased selections.
I am happy to know that our HRD Minister Bandaru Dattatreya is taking actions for facilities in schools like toilets for boys and girls, quality Mid day meals, clean drinking water, evaluation improvement standard

0 0 education is the biggest equliser. dont corrupt that.let it be on merit. our pvt sector (99%) abused it.its dangerous .it has become most profitable business. pl stop it.let them do it. govt monitoring has failed.

0 0 Good state for me is, peoples are well connected, and mobile technology has pulled this work ahead after road, railways, electricity, LPG, connectivity. Second thing is flow of opportunity in the peoples, now due to information technology, people may share ideas more, forever. #Surajya

0 0 #Surajya Good Governace particularly FAME India scheme, Min of Heavy Industries organized International IEEE ITEC-2015 Chennai, and an Indian's invention won 2nd prize related to Zero emissions a world burning issue. Using it Government can make Delhi as a model city of zero emissions for world with electric vehicles on road better than developed countries using and also need for these vehicles

0 0 please the merit prevail. you facilitate that.its like direct transfer of subsidy. you train/ teach/ to whom we think are lagging.dont give directly (reservation).

0 0 To achieve Surajya, we have to follow transparency and accountability, I am quoting here an example ,application of Dr Sheetal Malhotra MD Transfusion Medicine was not entertained under  OPH category against Post of Asstt. Professor by PGIMER Chandigarh stating no post but selected her as Tutor under PH. Health Ministry    and UPSE consider it as suitable post other the identified post for PWD.PGIMER Chandigarh lacks transparent mechanism which is a hurdle in achieving SURAJYA.

0 0 Prevent generation of black money in domestic market too e.g.in real estate by reducing stamp duty and increasing jantri value and other such practical measures 2. Health and education spending shall be increased to at least 4%-5% of GDP and spending shall be monitored effectively on result driven basis 3. Universal health care and universal education till higher secondary shall be ideal goal and work towards it to achieve.

1 0 #SurajayaI am very happy to note that Rural Development Minister announced that they planned to recruit 10,000 bearfoot engineers to help people for self employment schemes. The funds will
be transferred by central Government directly to the people. This will avoid leakage of funds and people will getjustice without biase
I am very happy to learn that our HRD Minister Bandaru Dattatreya is taking personal interest in improving facilities in schools like providing tolets for boys and girls,

0 0 please make  let police  to do policing job with accountability. but first decluch them from legislative politicians. let them independent then catch them for inefficiency. this nexus is dangerous . this lead to nuxalism. if you dont address in time future ? surajya?

0 0 Huge number of complaints being registered by Indians for getting a BSNL broadband connection. FB page/ Twitter accounr of BSNL & Telecom Minister is full of genuine requests and complaints. Like Finance ministry has streamlined the EPFO; telecom ministry needs to bring a completely new head to change the way of working. Currently it is slow and frustrating. How will BSNL be able to compete with private players? #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

0 0 I dont understand why you people do not declare black money of india kept in swiss bank as india's property . According to swiss banks rule it does not keep any nations property . It keeps only black money and personal property.
plz think on my opinion

1 0 #Surajya Dear Primeminister, I would like to thank you for promoting Digital India Campaign. However it would be really good if you could promote Indian Startups by colloborating them with MNCs. Focus is required to be given on events like Mobile World Congress and Wifi World Congress...Kindly do support our Indian Startups financially to participate in such events. Thanks :)

0 0 Surajya ka matlab srif Rajya ka achha nehi hota hai is se jure hai hamara pura Bharat ka sanman isliye mera manna hai ki agar ho sake to please sir centraly is desh ka har ek rajya ka bahut achhi tarike se su sasan ka jarurat hai jo abhi filhal Sri Mlodi Ji kar rahe hai. In my respect to my P.M I am very happy with his work for all country.

0 0 Both center n state govt should work together apart from the party lines. It will reduce the barrier to effective governance. Govt should monitor govt official's work based on area/field.because Effective governance mainly concerned on them. #Surajya

0 0 I dont understand why you people do not declare black money of india kept in swiss bank as india's property . According to swiss banks rule it does not keep any nations property . It keeps only black money and personal property

0 0 every body is aspiring for which he  is not worthy. Reason loss of meritocrasy. People of so called dharma are very few , their aspiration of living  with dharma made difficult. This  I over heard during a so called common mans conversation. That too in mangalore . then imagine the plight rest of the place. look at judgement on NEET .next day judge retired.what was the amount payed to him.jayalalithas case .judge retired nxt day.what surajya we are talking about. its not just cynical  view.

1 0 #Surajya The Black money law aims at only curbing the huge sums. What about the day-to-day transactions like payment to cabbies etc.? All the money is unaccounted for. The concept of digital wallet must receive solid backing by the Government; it can include most day-to-day transactions which will account every rupee spent. This will ensure that black money is curbed at the individual level too. The Government may provide special schemes / incentives to start-ups which focus on digital wallets.

0 0 Look at the number of murders taking place all around, not by terrorist.  In the civil society ,people are not bothered about law  of the land.  Its all set up. Corrupt system of majority of the society being corrupt, police , politician , judiciary nexus. Murderers are noy caught. They surrender  to their choice of police man, get bail in few days, case comes up infront of judge of their choice.and the murderer is not the real one. Its surrogate. Every thing is purchasable in this society.

0 0 #Surajya One of the best initiatives of this current Government has been to launch this portal @MyGovIndia which provides a platform for the current Government to know what the citizens need. The first suggestion is that this portal, though effective has poor outreach. One of the key initiatives must be to popularize this portal. This will ensure that all voices are heard, more innovative ideas are received from citizens themselves etc.

0 0 Hello dear Friends. Do watch my video on Power Sector https://www.periscope.tv/w/aUzhQTF3QkVBTXdrYVdFUHF8MUJkR1lwRHJ2RVFLWP6C1... 
#Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 what about the public servants who are so casual in their work? The suggestions;
1) fix a time limit and watchdog over them, if they do not complete on time, after 2 warnings, fire them & ensure they don't get any govt & private job. (Reason: attitude is that who will ask them if they don't do it).
2)The job must be PERFECT,Eg;they are just laying roads & underground drainage for the sake, but after one month pit and holes, ensure the contractor and the senior authority are punished #surajaya

0 0 Recently i visited my home down, during my discussion with friends, they said where is development happening. This is the impression local news papers are creating in the minds of people who are not connected with social media. They publish the development news in small portion in some corner of the news paper.So if media is not ready to give coverage of development news, Govt. should reserve some portion of front page for "Report card" and give updates on daily basis as an advertisement.#Suraja

0 0 1.Prevent generation of black money in domestic market too e.g.in real estate by reducing stamp duty and increasing jantri value and other such practical measures 2. Health and education spending shall be increased to at least 4%-5% of GDP and spending shall be monitored effectively on result driven basis 3. Universal health care and universal education till higher secondary shall be ideal goal and work towards it to achieve

0 0 #Surajya - Did you know 16.3 Cr Rupay Debit Cards issued under #PMJDY

0 0 all infrastructures be standardized. in USA all sidewalks all over country are of same standard. also every be digitalized to eliminate corruption.
    

0 0 Our Indian railway make so much expenditure for maintenance of Indian railways but we are not thinking of delay in trains how to recover the train journey in FOG. due to FOG our trains are delayed. Its my suggestion to Implement smartphone GPS devices/system in each trains and special FOG lights to be fixed on engines at the time of Winters which can very much control delay in trains and control revenue loss to Indian Railways due to cancellation of tickets.

0 0 #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov encouraged me to converts my interest in national interest.Digital India will be the best way to #Corruption free india. Thanks #MyGov

0 0 #Surajya #GoodGovernace At present, there is some bribe in-lacs to trasnfer for rich (malai dar) posts as an yet according to Guajrati news paper.
If we'r talking good goverance, this is directly involvement of corruption, as highly positioned official takes 20-50 lacs for rich place transfer and employee created wealth by illegal transactions whick cause genuine people opposed to govement.
Recommend to verify assets twice in 5 years, and use maximum of working CCTV each place inside office.

0 0 1.Govt. employees performance shall be measured on key result area bases or other proper and objective basis rather than on CR basis 2.New recruited in Govt. employee's salary shall be regular one and not on fixed one which is followed in states such as Gujarat 3. Citizen charter shall be made mandatory for all govt.departments and undertaking including states and default in providing service according to charter shall be penalized.

0 0 i FEEL GOVT OF INDIA SHOULD FOCUS ON EXHIBITION CENTRE ON INTERNATIONAL LEVEL THIS REALLY ATTRACTS LOT OF FOREIGN VISITOR. CHINA HAS DONE LOT OF WORK ON THIS . THEY ORGANIZE ALL BIG EXHIBITION IN SHANGHAI. INDIA HAS TO DO LOT OF WORK ON THIS. THIS WILL ATTRACT LOT OF FOREIGN VISITOR TO INDIA.

0 0 #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov encouraged my students to entrepreneurship and skill development thanks #Mygov

0 0 As regards to railways I put forwards my suggestions as below :
4. Unauthorised persons should not be allowed inside train.
Suggestion: Strict Vigilance at Railway station by GRP particularly at Night hours from 11pm to 6AM should be ensured.

0 0 #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov encouraged me for clean India mission & also converts my interest in our national interest. #Drugsfreeindia. Thanks #MyGov

0 0 As regards to railways I put forwards my suggestions as below
3.Safe drinking water should be provided at  platform  of railway junctions so that dependence of water pouch & water bottles will be less.
Suggestion: Installation of commercial Water purifiers at Junctions ,where train stop for 5 minutes and more.

1 0 As regards to railways I put forwards my suggestions as below
2. Unhygienic food  sold at railway station by Vendors
Suggestion: Only Regd vendors with prescribed uniform should be allowed to sell food only.These food should be checked by Inspector at regular interval. and test report should be submitted to chief food inspector for record

1 0 1.RTI should be made online in state levels too like at Central Level 2. Public Grievance mechanism shall be made more time bound and result driven, especially at state level. Swagat system of Gujarat model shall be scaled to across to all states but with updated mechanism of filing grievance on any day and that is too online platform although same may be monitored by CM or other high ranking persons on particular day of month 3. Governmentemployees strength shallbeincreasedandshallberesultbase

0 0 As regards to railways I put forwards my suggestions as below
1. Railway lines and areas adjacent to big stations of important stations should be protected from slum dwellers so that theft,unhygienic conditions,unsocials activities can be checked to a considerable level.
Suggestion:  This can be done with the co-operation  of Local Urban bodies.Hence, a meeting of all sate Govt and railway Ministry, should be convened soon.

0 0 In the race to increase Gross Enrolment ratio, AICTE have given approval for Engineering courses without examining demand as required under AICTE act , resulting in Gross unemployment and under employment of Engineers. AICTE Please don't give approval for  courses which don't have demand and ask to gradually stop non market demand course. Introduce market required courses such as Cyber security. Make Engineering courses modular with Diploma  exits after each year and allow  re-entry any time

0 0 #Surajya Minimum Educational Qualification (at least) should be mandatory for politicians who wants to represent their constituencies. When minimum Educational Qualification is required for the post of a MTS (Peon) then why not for politicians who controls/runs the ministry and/or legislate or participate to make country developing.
Self Governance and good governance will succeed only when the educational qualification should be required for all jobs/service for public service.

0 0 muje lagta hai corruption pe pehle dhyan dena chahiye garib garib banta ja raha hai or dhanvan or dhanvan banta hai

0 0 #Surajya - Did you know 19.60 Cr bank accounts were opened under PMJDY?

0 0 i feel we have smart city project rather than if we have each city on different subject like, smart health city, smart sport city, smart education city. If we have city on each sbject then it would be ideal to get suitable talent under one roof. Let make one city on Start up, all those who are interested to do start up will come and join this city.

0 0 #Surajya - Phase 1 consisted the following - Universal Access to Banking Facilities
Provision of Basic Banking Accounts , RuPay Debit Cards with inbuilt Accident Insurance cover of 1 lakh. Aadhaar Seeding for DBT
Financial Literacy

0 0 #Surajya - Did You Know that PMJDY is split in two phases? Phase 1 – 15th August 2014 to 14th August 2015
Phase 2 – 15th August 2015 to 14th August 2018

0 0 For Make in India/ Build India, ITI trained and certified required, but less takers for ITI. Vocationalise Higher Secondary education to 75% and certify  passed with NCVT certificates and make those certificates eligible for Poly Technic and Engineering Admission especially in evening courses and reserve 75% seats in NIT/IIT for students from Vocational Stream/ITI to encourage students to enroll for ITI/Vocational Higher Secondary scheme and get skilled manpower for make in India and Build India

0 0 #Surajya Participative governance analytics could be designed and people from villages/city /towns could be trained to gauge and contribute towards growth related issues.. they can see the possibility of there action through predictive and corrective models... such models API could be part of digital India plan.Country agenda could supercede vested interest agenda...

0 0 #Surajya - My views on Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana

2 0 No action taking in pmo grievance
PMOPG/E/2015/0043619
pgportal.gov. in only fake dream?

0 0 #Surajya #SkillDevelopment #GoodGovernace Request govement to invlove highly reputed national college students as well, professors for taking enterpreanure sessions in ground level schools (ground level means villages school instead only well famous and reach schools).
This'll be more worthful to give dream or say focused aim and unique directions to ground level students. If any of them will become like of Lt. APJ Abdul Kalam or Lt. Dhirubhai Amabani, then efforts might be more valuable for

0 0 Roles need to be defined based on objective measures of ability.It may be worth consulting outside experts for advice in this area #Surajya

0 0 effective two communication between public and authorities is most imp thing...feedbacks directly to ministries ll improve system #Surajya

0 0 Review the implemented policy consistently...change in policy as per change in situation is must #Surajya

1 0 #Surajya Mandatory assets verification of all government servants and theirs dependents, once every ten years.

0 0 #Surajya Keep CCTV at all government office's tables

1 0 sir, 31st ko yuvao se apil kro ki ve drink na kre...or apne sehad or desh ka bhavisya ujjaval kre...party kar ke paise barbad karne ki vagay kisi garib ko khana dekar desh ki tarrki ke liye prayas kre..
 dhanyawad
-purvin suthar(vadodara)

1 0 Keep CCTV at all government office's tables.

0 0 The attitude of people while moving in a bus or other transport is they throw wastes outside,so to avoid it following suggestions can be implemented
1)vehicles can use "DUSTBINS FITTED UNDER EACH SEAT OR ON THE SIDEWAYS BELOW THE WINDOW, BY  DESIGN MODIFICATIONS, MAINLY TAKING CARE FOUL SMELL DOES NOT SPREAD".
2)Awareness & fining ,A VOICE OPERATED SYSTEM,can be made to tell the passengers about this that anyone throwing will & should be fined. it can be done if we want a CLEAN INDIA#surajaya

0 0 #Surajya To make any service either more effective or more reachable to end people, do practice with genuine feedback from same end people without any force.
I recommend feedback practice by online with reference to that service identified-or-searchable by some prefix started by their town/district/state. As well, people should be registered in national public repository like MyGov.
By this, Gov. can know effictiveness of service with goods quality/employee behaviour while servicing.

0 0 Please review the PMKVY scheme and allow it to run under NCVT MES scheme were no franchising is allowed and NCVT certificates are recognized world wide. PMKVY through NSDC is not working well as many agencies  without any good skill infrastructure  expertise get affiliated with NSDC/Sector Skill Council and perform as brokers without doing any skilling by outsourcing through first level franchising and collecting commission 30% and above and charging various fee for affiliation etc

0 0 #Surajya,For convenience of common citizen and effective public transport, there is a need for well designed Bus Stops every kilometer in cities on either side of road. These Bus stops be linked with overhead bridges for crossing of roads and construct toilets and place dustbins in near vicinity. Expenditure incurred be offset by sponsors or selling space for advertisements. This would facilitate safe crossing of roads, aid in Swatch Bharat Abhiyan,provide toilets and employment to poor.

0 0 The Smart Cities Mission should also emphasize on improving quality of life of average urban citizen rather than a drastic change in merely physical infrastructure. #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay

0 0 Make Govt offices CCTV proof...and team to check cameras randomly...it ll improve productivity and efficiency of Govt  offices #Surajya

0 0 Specify that Govt/PSU contracts to use only skilled NSQF/NCVT-MES certified manpower like mason, road layers electrician, plumber, foreman/supervisor/ housekeeping/ catering staff etc to be deployed by contractors. Existing uncertified workers to be offered skill  training and certification at their job location/on sundays/holidays. Specifying certified manpower for govt/PSU Jobs and contracts will enable voluntary enrollment for skilling and skill certification

0 0 Mandatory assets verification of all government servants and theirs dependents, once every ten years.

0 0 #Surajya
I remember hearing Modi ji's address in India Today programme before he had come to power. He talked about making every person realise that we are working for the country and not for ourselves so everyone will be highly motivated to work. The people in government offices are lethargic still and have a long way to go in learning proper customer response and people skills. That definitely needs to be looked at.

0 0 #Surajya Less talented candidate corrupt the practise desired by highly professionals, same way people cannot expect more from less talented people in govement positions.
It would be good to categories govement jobs for Skilled/Non-Skilled jobs and request govement to measure candidate by skill merit or take reference by national level exams instead reservation quota.

0 0 My experience of success on www.mygov.in
Last year roads in my city were dugged for making underground drainages. But after that roads were not recovered properly. Several months passed but roads were not recovered. Our college uniform used to become dirty due to dust after passing vehicle from such roads. Finally I put complaint on mygov.in
On Next month, CM of Maharashtra Mr. Devendra Fadanvis visited our city. Due to fear of CM's arrival the main roads in my city were recovered #Surajya

0 0 We hearthe news of non payment of true min wages to poor people who work as contract employees.  Currently no effective mechanism is available to ensure so .Ensuring min wages to poor people will remove poverty from them.Their children will study in good scools and get good education etc and finally their life style will change. Consider System change of direct payment of wages (from PSU's finance dept )to contract employees of PSU 's contractual works may solve the issue.GCCto be amended so.

0 0 #Surajya I would recommend to do compurization for each government related operations and make it available too for people with self-service feature, to avoid hesitation in long queues at physical govement places. 
As well, it's time always use of internet based ineraction practise of any new people oriented interactiion for each futuer day to show more transperancy and performance in govement services.

0 0 modiji, plz do something for engineering jobs

1 0 We must put our all efforts together to extend & make mandatory all kinds of services to our SENIOR CITIZENS at their dwelling place, e.g. Live Certificate submission to get PENSION, any BANK transaction (if due to old age he/she is unable to avail e-banking), POST OFFICE services, Domestic GAS services, ANY MEDICAL SERVICE, Police verification for PASSPORT making, and any other services in the world.
Every family must have an option to install a SWITCH @home to send alarm to get an AMBULANCE.

0 0 The said matter regarding Quality of Medicines which were consumed by Member Parliaments,Judges, Freedom Fighters,Central Government Employees was brought to the notice of PMO and Health Minister and other senior officers. CVC & CBI after investigation forwarded the matter to CVO Department of Health & Department of AYUSH every one is silent.Silent may be the new definition of SURAJYA.

0 0 In NET-BANKING-Electronic Receipt / Payment, payment made by a citizen "SHOULD BE DEBITED TO HIS ACCOUNT, ONLY WHEN THE CORRESPONDING AMOUNT IS RECEIVED NY THE GOVT. AUTHORITY."
Sometime back, I made Water-Tax payment to COIMBATORE CORPORATION WATER-TAX AUTHORITY THROUGH NET BANKING. Though, my Water-Tax by Net Banking payment " WAS IMMEDIATELY DEBITED TO MY A/c, BUT IT DID NOT REACH THE AUTHORITIES." Luckily, my Water connection was not disconnected, though I came to know about this later.

0 0 The infrastructure we are provided with are good, but what about maintenance?
Eg;When a new road is laid, after two weeks we find dust,sand & garbage consuming half the road.Even cleaning takes place, but it is done with sweepers who keep cleaning it.So when concerned about health, the quality of infrastructure,time it is not acceptable for current scenario. Therefore "WE CAN USE VEHICLES DESIGNED WITH BRUSHES THAT SWEEPS AWAY THE DUST LIKE THEY DO IN OTHER DEVELOPED COUNTRIES"#surajaya

0 0 Although there was a huge cry that Corruption had come down but it is not true in real sense.There were attempts to regularize Corruption & misdeeds of UPA Government by present regime.There was directive by AYUSH Department that no Medicine shall be accepted after 09.09.2008 without Quality Analysis report and the same directive was made applicable to Central Government Health Scheme.Present Govt instead of action gave promotion in the name of Surajya and presented a unique example.

0 0 I feel the people residing in villages are not too aware of the various schemes and facilities government has made available to them. This needs to be overcame. Publicity of pro poor and pro farmer policies and facilities to be communicated to the target populace with greater vigor and efficiency so the people can make use of these policies.

1 0 For our democracy to survive,both houses must start functioning.While PM is bringing us laurels and creating waves during his visits abroad some of our elected reps are heaping shame our country as seen in Rajya Sabha.
Civil miltary ties have sunk to the lowest of now.MoD needs to be restructured with at least half manning from amongst the men in uniform. Please restore the diginity and place in the Sun for the services have had in the sixties.

1 1 It's a very a Gud method to reach out to the ppl who voted you to power.

1 0 #Surajya #SkillDevelopmentPrograms are messing up at ground level,if not checked and monitored well,it all become a waste exercise.Schools are the place to start the process, culminating into a real skilled work force.Agencies need to do due diligence with a set vigorous routine, and the venue for such training programs must be well equipped with tools and machinery involved.Utopian world has not taken us anywhere till now.
Can we go for some real work..?
#Surajya #GoodGovernance #MyGov

0 0 Metro train services rumoured to start from #Dahisar to #Andheri shortly. This is a very big step. Traffic in #Mumbai is a murderous prospect and overcrowding in trains in peak time has reached its bursting limits. Metro rail is a viable alternative. this service should be made available to all corners of the city. Don't stop at #Dahisar only, take the project to #Virar because 40% of commuters comes from there. #Surajya @sureshprabhu @RailMinIndia

2 0 "Farmers" - they need a minister like Piyush Goyal . Please do some real work on the ground so that the farmers re really benefited.

0 0 #Surajya means Good Nation, i.e., a nation where all are equal and have equal opportunities. For this:
First, a Uniform Civil Code is a prerequisite.
Second, Religion must be "freely" practised, albeit strictly within four walls only. No public processions or calls to prayers or loud singing outside the place of worship--just like Japan.
Third, Caste must be completely removed from all government decisions & actions.
Fourth, States must be reorganized by population, not by language.
Thanks.

1 0 Dear sir,
            sir mai Jaunpur ka yuva kisan hu mai apne village me 100 logo ko job de skta hu or isse farmers ko v fayda hoga please help me isme govt ka ek v rupya kharch nhi hoga or govt ko v fayda hoga or drouth ki wajah se presan 15000 kisano ko v fayda hoga

0 0 Judges are still sold for money openly, there is no chances of justice in district & state Court, SO WE NEED A OPEN CITIZENSHIP FORM for struggle.

0 0 There is a need to change the mindset of people by spreading some awareness among them through ads and other means .Some rules should be made which can restrict the citizens from damging their surroundings by throwing garbage,spitting tobacco,peeing in public which causes sticky smell and affects health of the citizens.Plzz.. Enforce some strict rules to prevent such problems.

0 0 I look upon #Surajya as my VOICE. I strongly feel to have one UNIQUE number as a proof of my CITIZENSHIP & DOB. I also suggest to demolish ADDRESS PROOF. If required, one's address can be verified with Govt. Registration department (using same unique no.), be it one's own home or a rented one.
I will feel proud to have my UNIQUE number, which will be accepted & recognized by POLICE, MEDICAL INSTITUTION, INCOME TAX, BANKING SECTOR, INSURANCE SECTOR, and so on, to serve my purpose.

0 0 #Surajya... A series of discussion by communities at grassroots level under Atal charcha, Sabal charcha.. catalysed by Atal innovation mission... Atal visvas Sabal visvas... When people believe themselves... wonder happens...

1 0 Govt is working on various schemes but urgent attention is needed in grievance redressal system. Although the system is in place, most of the complaints are either pending (without action) or being closed without a proper resolution. While we talk about big named schemes, its important to solve these concentrated public problems too.I hope govt will tighten the department & also check whether solution provided is helpful or not. It will be a real game changer #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 Identify the most trusted hospital to treat the patients for free of cost who are willing to donate their organs, then spread the concept

1 0 #Surajya #MyGov #SwachBharat Garbage bins and Dustbins should be installed at all places. Along the roads, every kilometer or so, there should be garbage bins available. This will undoubtedly make people want to throw the garbage in the bins.

0 0 World War III. | Third World War. http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/09/world-war-iii.html #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 No takers for Skill Development as students are in Coaching centres for jobs in Banking, Insurance, Central & state Government Jobs. Please make NCVT MES NSQF certificates essential qualification for respective jobs in Govt/Semi-Govt/PSUs and examine students on relevant job skills in entrance exams instead of examining on GK,Math etc, to convert coaching centres to skill centres. Please allocate major funds for NCVT MES/ allow VTP to collect fee and run courses to preventing idling of VTP

0 0 eCash. | Electronic Currency. | Advantages. : http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/10/ecash-electronic-currency-advantages.html

1 0 Just like the way, we recycle paper and plastic to save our planet, can't we recycle Energy? Also check this interesting article, Earth Spinning Energy - Perfect Energy Source. More at, http://mb-soft.com/public2/earthrot.html #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 Transforming Power Generation. | Off-Grid Power Generators. : http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/12/power-generation-how-to-reduce-tco-of.html #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 Digital India and rise in per-capita income can achieve Swachh Bharat: http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/10/digital-india-and-rise-in-per-capita.html #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

1 0 #SwachchhBharatAbhiyan needs real work on the ground.First pull up agencies responsible for #CleaningUp like #MunicipalCorporations in the entire country, irrespective of their autonomous nature.This is such a wonderful scheme, and we so badly need it.
#Surajya #MyGov #GoodGovernanceDay

0 0 #surajya
Steps to bring black money is a very good initiative but needs more push in the coming years to close out all gaps that help people/businesses to stash cash without proper reporting to necessary Govt departments. There needs to be constitutional change to make IAS & Police department independent of political influence as such independent departments will help streamline the country quickly irrespective of the Governments in rule.

2 0 For me, #Surajya means my Government available just a click or email or phone call or letter away. A single window for all, I mean, all government services--from birth certificate, to emergency police/medical/fire services, to government documentation, to licences/ approvals, to tax payments, to death certificate--essentially, anything & everything to do with the Government (local, state or central) to be routed through this one toll-free phone number, email address & postal address. Thanks.

2 0 A large amount of PM 2.5 pollution arises due to the dust that is present in the cities. Central govt. must ensure that steps are taken at the local level to increase the green cover and reduce the dust.

1 0 Please " SLASH BROADBAND & INTERNET CHARGES ( in Computer & also in Mobile ) MUCH FURTHER, SO THAT EVEN A COMMON MAN USES IT FREQUENTLY." And he does not feel the pinch of Internet Charges, which will make E-Governance easy & convenient to all.
B.Shanmuganathan, COIMBATORE (TN)-641041.

0 0 Pl ban packing of food articles in thin plastics as you will see jungle of plastics around roads,railway lines.
For vidarbha to prevent farmers suicide move commissioner of Amravati to Akola which is the central District for the four Districts of West Vidarbha. Amravati commissioner office is one one of corner of Western Vidarbha which is almost 250kilometers away from the tehsils of Buldhana District.Money is utilized for Nagpur & Amravati only.Also free Mahua flowers for Adivasis of Melghat

1 0 One of the major issues facing this country is civic amenities. Central govt. and state govts. have to empower local bodies to tackle municipal issues of garbage, and cleanliness of streets.

0 0 सर जी नमो नमो
मैने पीएमओ मे 2/2/2015 को पत्र लिखा जो PMOPG/D/2015/26879 ये पत्र सभी लेबर भाई बहन के लिए है । माननीय प्रधान मंत्री श्री नरेद्र मोदी सर जी ने लागू कर दिया। जब से देश आजाद हुआ था किसी ने लेबर के कुछ नही किया 1965 मे जो मिनीमम वेजेज तय किया गया था वही चल रहा था पर अब 2014-15 हो गया है अतः ऐसे प्रधान मंत्री इस देश मे ही नही पुरे विस्व मे होना चाहिए। अतः इनको बार बार प्रनाम जय हिन्द जय भारत #Surajya @MyGovIndia

0 0 #surajya
Swachh Bharat initiative is excellent and steps/targets should be setup for all regions like metros/sub-urbs/village etc. Without any target, no initiative will become success hence monthly/quarterly/yearly targets should be set for every nook and corner of the country which must be tracked with utmost due diligence. This will help in more Govt-people partnership and once the mindset of everyone is set for cleanliness, then people will ensure our surroundings are always clean.

0 0 Pls do us permanent.we are working in ratriya bal swathya program on contract from last 8 years.we give nation Healthy children's.supreme COURT also gives disicion,do not put on contract to employees over 240 day.so pls give us justice on the occasion of good governance.thank you

0 0 Pls do us permanent.we are working in ratriya bal swathya program on contract from last 8 years.we give nation Healthy children's.supreme COURT also gives disicion,do not  put on contract to employees over 240 day.so pls give us justice on the occasion of good governance.thank you

1 0 Today Government must resolve to take up one sector for making a complete model of #GoodGovernance in next 6 months, rest six months,planning to spreading more.
#Surajya #GoodGovernance #MyGov

0 0 Declare the swearing in Day of Mr. Narsimharao as Financial Independence Day for India as Mr. Narsimharao then PM finished Licence & Permit Raj.
Also declare prior years as Licence & Permit Raj & 2005-2015 as Environmental Permit Raj.

0 0 Pls do us permanent.we are working in ratriya bal swathya program on contract from last 8 years.we give nation Healthy children's.supreme COURT also gives disicion,do put on contract to employees over 240 day.so pls give us justice on the occasion of good governance.thank you

1 0 It is time for another Green revolution in India. Promote Agriculture across India by the below ways: #surajya
- Mandatory basic farming training as part of School/College Curriculum.
- Farmers should be given Farmer's ID card based on their revenue levels which must be renewed every year without any hassles. This process must ensure Farmers with low income levels make use of this card to purchase Agri products at subsidized rates and they can travel in all public transports freely

0 0 Sell MyGov branded items (Calendar, Diaries with contact information of important persons/departments, t-shirts) and use the collected funds for road development. #Surajya

0 0 There should be " NO LPG SUBSIDY FOR THOSE PEOPLE, WHOSE ANNUAL INCOME IS ABOVE Rs.2 LAKHS / p.a & TO GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES." ALSO, PLEASE MAKE LIFE INSURANCE & MEDICAL INSURANCE (for Life Term until death) MANDATORY FOR ALL CITIZENS-just like Vehicle Insurance for plying on roads.
B.Shanmuganathan, COIMBATORE (TN)-641041.

0 0 Quality public service delivery(PDS,Education, and Medical),time-bound delivery in service matters,salaries, budgets,court-cases etc.
Lot of technology to ensure transparent disposals,going e-governance ways.
Access to hardware, and availability of networks for accessing internet.
#Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay #MyGov

1 0 सुशासन मतलब सबका साथ सबका विकास
सभी के लिए जो बिना रूके बिना थके कार्य करता है और हमेशा जनता की सहायता के लिए तैयार रहता है
मा प्रधानमंत्रीजी जो हर समय देश के लिए सोचते है और उसी प्रकार कार्य करते विदेशी पूंजी निवेश के लिए रोजगार के बढावे के लिए ग्राम विकास और भारत को हर श्रेत्र मे श्रेष्ठ बनाना चाहते है यही सुशासन है
सड़कों का ऐसा निर्माण हो रहा है जो आजादी से लेकर अबतक नहीं हुआ, बेटी बचाओ-बेटी पढ़ाओ
बिजली बचाने के लिए LED बल्ब कम रेट में दिए है सरकार ने
तेज गति से दौड़ती रेल
 सब के स

2 0 There are ten pillars of Digital India Programme. #surajya
Broadband Highways
Universal Access to Mobile Connectivity
Public Internet Access Programme
e-Governance – Reforming Government through Technology
eKranti - Electronic delivery of services
Information for All
Electronics Manufacturing
IT for Jobs
Early Harvest Programmes
Upgradation of Indian IT

0 0 #Surajya Had raised a request for PCC from passport office.The service for form submission was very smooth,but the tracking of the status was very slow.I got the response from the Passport office after 4 months of my form submission. The status shown via mobile tracking was very generic. It would be nice if the status update is made more precise.
The withdrawal of PF amount is made very fast. I received my money in a week or two after submission of PF withdrawal form

0 0 The Internet: The programme aims to provide broadband coverage to 2.5 lakh Gram Panchayats by December 2016 and mandate communication infrastructure in new buildings in urban areas. Under the National Rural Internet Mission, 1.5 lakh post offices are to be made into multi-service centres. Free WiFi in 2.5 lakh schools, a digital literacy programme is also proposed. The new government has already started interacting with the public through the use of social media.

0 0 Provide all state college & University with high speed free internet facility as nearly all students have smart phone seeking power to unleash creatively #Surajya let local industry connect with local professional school with product, problem, promotion and people as CSR activity annually.

0 0 Straightforward IAS officers like Raju Narayanaswamy (1991 - IAS - Topper - First Rank) are not been given important positions by Kerala Government (be it Congress or Left). He is a very capble officer but dumped by politicians since he exposes corruption.
Hon PM Narendra Modiji should avail his services. He can be appointed as director general of Swach Bharat for the implementation of the project.  #Surajya

0 0 Swachh Bharat Mission (SBM) Mobile app would be used by people and Government organizations for achieving the goals of Swachh Bharat Mission.

0 0 Listen to feedback provided by IAS/IPS officers. #Surajya

0 0 Make all development community driven where 50% development is based on community participation and their interest. Development must collectively driven rather than Corporate/MLA/MP centric. #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 Introduce live chat faciliy for LPG subsidy related complaints. #Surajya #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 #surajya should create innovative mind set through ideas nukkad /lounge in every village and cities under Atal innovation mission... Every tea nukkad /lounge could be motivational place where Contribution towards country growth is discussed, shared and contributed... from digital nukkad (mygov)  to physical nukkad.. let's every village become idea village...

0 0 Decongestion of urban centres by creating regional rapid rail transit networks like the Australian Vlink system needs to be taken up with urgency. We can only control pollution by decongesting our cities.

0 0 I would like to say that there is no meaning of any policy if you have not considered the last man of the country while making it. There is a MUDRA Loan Scheme.But, i think it's only on Paper and Only on "Mann KI Baat". When u go to any Bank (SBI), they say nothing like this. When you go with nodal officer, they say there is nothing like this. Then I want to ask that then what is like this "MUDRA LOAN". How can we say that it is #Surajya

0 0 #Surajya = remembering Sri Atal Bihari Bajpaee on this day. #Surajya = digital india with internet connectivity to the most remote village of the country. #Surajya = Computer education in the government school located in the villages.#Surajya = Ban on consuming alcohol, cigat, tobacco, gutkha, use of plastic bags. #Surajya = Creating community toilets in every villages and public places, maintanance to be done by the village panchayat.#Surajya = creating awareness for 100% attendence in schools.

0 0 With MyGov and other social networking tools, government started partnership of people to make better governance. Important thing is that this government has initiated this , and we are very much sure that outcome of this will be really good. #Surajya, #GoodGovernanceDay, #MyGov

0 0 This is a simple technology which changes appearance of the INDIA

1 0 SMALL THOUGHTS FROM MY SMALL MIND

1 0 small thoughts from my small mind

0 0 For the first time, Indian Railway acted so fast, that to only through a Online Complain to Railway Portal.
The change is visible and a welcome move.
For the first time, Government employees are serious about their job.
Most importantly, they came searching for me to my Berth, to tell me that any thing else they can do for me. Just unimaginable in INDIA before. Have to ACCEPT the changes.

0 0 Please let Sadharan aadmi tate major participation through gram panchayats and local bodies and let reatire persons continue to contribute their bit for good governance.

0 0 4.There should be proper centers for Swachch Bharat Mission.People can voluntarily register themselves and then they may be assigned duties to clean a particular place.
5.For Health Care,those doctors who have retired or are not practicing may be asked to come up and adopt a village where they can treat patients
6.For Hygenic drinking water people can voluntery donate their old/used water filters at proper centers set up by government which can be reprocessed and be installed in various places

1 0 #Surajya My Govt.has initiated multiple steps like Jan Dhan Yojna,Digital India and voluntarily giving up gas subsidy with easy international link as well as least importance to subjective interference in lower class jobs,only they need to make system more answerable and all steps positively and not react in anger.

0 0 My Ideas for achieving the goal of Surajya are:
1.There should be various centers across the country where people can donate old clothes and food items which should be properly distributed to the needy.
2.For education of the poor,there should be centers where people can register themselves voluntarily.They should be allocated places where they can teach.
3.Sansad adarsh Gram Yojna should be made mandatory for at least each BJP MP & proper review should be taken of their activities in village

0 0 #Surajya
All bio waste is input material for generating compost. The citizens can be encouraged individually or by forming a self help group to compost the wet waste generated in house or by virtue of vegetation adjoining the premises.  The available composting techniques are low cost and easily affordable. This will result in clean and healthy environment. The cost burden for waste disposal on municipality will substantially reduce.
Thank you.

0 0 resp sir ...great idea to share citizens thoughts with govt.Thank you !
1)Maharashtra govt should also have such forum.
2)Ayurveda Medical Officers (doctors)are still facing disparity &deliberate hatred from higher officers(all MBBS) regarding payscale &status (grA)inspire of working successfully on Group A posts since last 8 years. No Ayurveda medicine at PHC level.No security for temporary MOs .
Hope to get ATLEAST cognisance of letter &reply.

0 0 #Surajya
PM advised devotion of 2 hours per week towards cleanliness. It had some results. The results can be more visible by focusing on exact point of devotion of 2 hours for each citizen. Each citizen is assigned the public space in front of place of stay / work to be kept clean, i.e. the rain water drain, footpath and road up to mid point adjoining to place of stay.
Thank you.

0 0 Surajya means self governance.The very Idea of self governance is that its the duty as well as right of every citizen this country to govern it.In the 69th year of the Independence where are we upon it?There is still a big wedge which is increasing day by day between the rich and the poor.why aren't we able to narrow the gap,why aren't we trying to justify the vote of the poor when it has same value as a rich.Until they are brought to mainstream of society we will be never achieving the goal.

2 0 respected prime minister, please declare a national health programme which covers all citizens of India, as the wages of private health care centre are getting higher and worsen so please kindly announce a health care plan where a common man has to pay premium of less money and ensure a quality care for his/her life threatening diseases, as because without improving poors health its not easy to become a wealthy nation

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister
My broadband number is 0621-2272098.for last 10 days my phone is not working.i had complaint several times but didn't get reply.
You talks about digital india , is this your digital india?
I feel shame that we live in such country where our elected gov. Only shows us dream.Digital india is your dream project, is this type of dream you are showing to the people of india.
Thanks and regards
A harassed common indian man

0 0 whatever central govt. do  to ensure good governance its worthless if its not implemented at grassroot level effectively by state govt. Here i am referring about ration card. Due to lack of effectiveness,lack of expertise lots of people who are deserve to get,not getting ration card.
So its needed for centre to address this issue by directly involving with state for effective implementation of not just this issue but all other started by central govt.

0 0 good morning sir jee jharkhand police bahut crapt ho gaya hai aise me ek aam aadmi ka surachit rahna kaise sambhao hai ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

