1 0 the weight of the Girl  was extreme High because of Water . Any how by any means , I slowly I shifted the Girl at Up , and all our Friends pick up her , and we did her First Aid for Water came out . AND THE VILLAGE GIRL LIFE SAVED . When I came up from down ( In side of Well ) I saw the entire Village peoples were there , right from Aged , young , Child of Male  Female all . We Indian Army peoples feeling proud for save a young Village Girl , who was also an Indian life . Peoples of that i

1 0 And rest all Village Girl was helpless to save the the Life of that Girl ,moreover their Village were some far . Immediately I found One Half Slipery Brick at the point where WATER
start at WELL ( KUNWA ) . Then , with the support of all our Friends , I put my Left Leg on that Brick . I have in spare only 1 Hand and 1 Leg to save that Girl WELL WATER .
remember , the total operation time taken 1.30 to 2 Hours . Slowly and Safely I ultimately
take in my Grip of that Girl , the weight

0 0 Every Sunday we saw at Village Road , some local Village Girls taking Water from a WELL ( KUNWA ) . wE WERE ON OUR WAY . iT WAS ON EVERY SUNDAY . ONE sUNDAY that was also 26th January Our Republic Day , as of our every Sundays programme , we were at Village and going on our place . We saw the said Group of Village Girls at Well ( Kunwa ) calling us anxiously  indication . We feel they are in problem . And we reached the spot , and saw a Young Village Girl FELT DOWN in WELL (

0 0 It is in continuation of 1 Sec before message .
At Aurangabad (ACTS ) , among all out of which we are 6 Colleagues very much closed . These 6 are 1. My self . 2. Mr. Phukan . 3. Mr. Shah . 4. Mr. Mukherjee , 5th Mr. Ganpat Rao . It is along before collecting memory . Normally every Sunday Morning ( As it is a Holiday )  visited the Village which was just Opposite of our Unit (ACTS ) Aurangabad . At village a good and peaceful location was there where we all gossiping on our own for 2/3 hour

0 0 Tomorrow is 26th January our Republic Day. It is a great day for our Nation . I like to share with all a remarkable memory on Republic Day long years before . I am an EX INDIAN ARMY MAN . MY Unit was Rajput Regiment Center, Fatehgarh , Distt: Faurakhabad (U.P ) After my Initial and Physical Training , I have been moved to Aurangabad (ACTS) FOR 9 Further training . The story is there - where we saved a life of a village young Girl on a 26th January itself . Space is very short but Memory is biger

2 0 26 जानेवारी के शुभ अवसर पर मेरी अाेर से माेदी जी काे कराेडाें शुभकामनायें माेदीजी गंगा नदी का पानी मध्य MAHARASHTRA में लाने से सब भारत काे इसका लाभ मीलेगा अाैर काइ गरीब नहीं रहेगा प्लीज इस Project साकार कराें

0 0 Vande Mataram (Enable Caption for Hindi -Meaning of Song)
https://youtu.be/z9W8wpeyh_Q

3 0 Sir,
    My Father was work in a private jut factory and he Dies in 43 age and my mother recive widho pension 1000/month but this money do nothing for us i am reading in class 10 my teacher fees are very high so please don't Increse the salery of scantrel gov jobs please do for who earning was so loo like private compane widho pension then we will live in pece full life
    Thanking you                                                         Your fathfully (Soumyadip Banerjee)

0 0 Please scrap all Central Government Taxes like Excise Duty, Corporate Tax, Income Tax and Service Tax to pave way for digitized India!The Central Government can implement a Banking Transaction Tax to replace these taxes, which can be implemented through the banking system and credited to the government account immediately. The elimination of humans from tax collection will surely reduce corruption. Withdrawal of 2000 & 500 notes from system will also boost banking transactions & govt revenue

0 0 The RBI statistics reveals that we, the people of India have been transacting between Rs. 75 Lakh Crores to Rs. 95 Lakh Crores per month through our banks, excluding Bank to Bank transactions & Government transactions. If we can implement a transaction tax of 2%, the central government can get a revenue of 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh crores every month. Through this method, the government can hope to get a total revenue between Rs. 18 Lakh Crores to Rs. 24 Lakh crores! This will surely reduce corruption

0 0 The plant Presopis Juliflora is occupying thousands of acres of wasteland throughout Tamilnadu. Even though the High Court has ordered uprooting and destruction of this monstrous and thorny weed, very little has been achieved. Please note that economics also plays a major part in obstructing the growth of this plant. We, the farmers get Rs. 2350 per tonne of Sugarcane, but the weed can fetch anywhere around Rupees 4000 per tonne. Please ban this monstrous weed, just like Ganja or Abin plant.

0 0 THE METRO MAN - E SREEDHARAN- FINALLY HANGS HIS BOOTS !A legend hangs up his boots on the last day of this month . Finally, Elattuvalapil Sreedharan has been allowed to retire,at the age of 79.A man who built the Calcutta & Delhi Metro, Konkan Railway  & is best remembered for re-building in just 46 days the Pamban bridge which in 1963 was blown away by a cyclone into the sea.Here is a man who is honest to the core & set examples to others.He deserves decoration by Bharat Ratna.

0 0 respected pm...............
       it is an unfortunate thing to discuss with u .............for the past 2 months what i had observed in news papers is ....national/ regional /local papers,,,..lack of proper market value for vegetable productsthat were grown by farmers
    ex. price fixed for onions was a disaster..kilo 1 rupeee...in maharastra
      ..in andra farmers left thier tomato production on national high ways

2 0 भारत माँ  की शान में हम शीश अपनी चढ़ा देंगे !
जान जाए तो भले ही जाए पर मान ना माँ की जाने देंगे !!
कश्मीर से कन्याकुमारी तक माँ आँचल तेरा फैला है !
अपने कर्मों से  हे माँ ! दाग ना इसपर लगने देंगे !!
कोई दुश्मन देखे माँ भारती तेरी ओर तो !
बोटि बोटि उसकी तेरे चरणों में चढ़ा देंगे !!
गणतंत्र दिवस पर आपको हार्दिक शुभकामनाएँ !
जय जवान !  जय किसान  !  जय विज्ञान !
जय हिन्द !! जय  भारत !!
वन्दे मातरम्!!
भारत माता की जय !!
पुनः आपको हार्दिक शुभेक्षा !
मनीष आनंद
!

1 0 Dear gov
 I hereby express my views on the Bollywood Actor Akshay kumar opinion about my Soldiers.
And i pray to make website ernestly by government of india with secure portal.because we alive due my Soldiers,So we think very honesty for Army and i also want to mentioned this message convey by the actor in 'mann ki baat'on 29th January.
Thanks

0 0 Our India is one of the diverse country with different culture,languages  in every 10 km to 20 km
...
My idea is too put village development and basic development first
1.Swach bharat nice step but it's implementation and checking is must.
2.digital India should improve the internet connectivity because in India net speed and service is slow.
3.for any country to be develop
Six formula basic  road,electricty house,health,internet,food
REHHIF plan

0 0 Good evening Sir
I have a plan to make portal for martyr soldiers family from which people who want to help them they can help they can get the details of soldiers from there they can help
so i want your support and help to implement this i have already started to work on this project i want your approval #MannKiBaat #MyGov
i think this is the best tribute for martyrs

0 0 Dear Gov,
bougainvillea,Lilly & many flowers,Grass & Trees ,Duck,Rabbits, other birds,Gardens & Lakes which we seen in childhood are not found in cities.Crime news does bad impact on Students. Alcohals,Gutka,Cigratte spoiling youth.Less motivational cultural shows,Cartoons on tv & in real life.Small cities are completely ignored.
Lets pledge for Green India on 26th Jan.

0 0 उल्लास भरा मधु-पर्व नवल,
 हर मन में आश जगाता है।
हर भारतवासी चाहे जो हो;
भाई-भाई सा नाता है।

0 0 What if we are to asked to go work on Republic Day, that too no extra compensation, no overtime allowance. Please Let me know what steps should be taken? #publicopinion

0 0 Watching our forces showcase their might,the exhibition of our cultural heritage and diversity fills the mind of every Indian with pride and patriotism. This is the beautiful and vibrant land of India where every religion and every culture blend together to compose a magical note...one which cannot be replicated...ever,by anyone...Feel proud to be an Indian..Take pride in our legacy..Happy republic day

0 0 PM sir,
Now its the right time for all of us to make sure that All the Retired Army Personnel and Shahid Army Personnel must get a Free 2BHK House at their Native Village/Town/City, which should be constructed by central Govt Free.

0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir,
Undoubtedly media has some splendid power and reach. Using the same power we can change psychology of our society. A news channel can be run showing all positive changes. No more "Chain se sona hai to jaag jao" stunt. But a moving news that has immense power not only to empower women but society.
Given a chance I can present you the entire business plan with its impact on socio-economic of our country.
Regards,
Pallavi Rahul Gedamkar

0 0 The real Digitization should happen in Villages of India, not in Metros. Below Poverty Level and Poverty Level, Labor Class live in the Villages.
Today, most of the Youths between the Age group of 25 to 45 years are relocating to Metros is because of the high paid Jobs in Malls, Restaurants and Transportation.
Why not attract those Youths from Metros back to Villages by creating a Revolution in Agricultural fields that yield more profit to upgrade and advance their lives....

0 0 ये पंक्तिया मेरे देश के साहसी वीर योद्धावो के लिए समर्पित
"भारत माता की जय"

1 0 "इतिहास भी गवाह नहीं होगा"
क्यों जहर घोल रहा है ,
ऐ मजहब के दुश्मन !
क्या तुजे तेरी ,
अमन शांति का वास्ता नहीं ..
क्यों मासूमो को आग की चिंगारी देकर ..
मौत के आसमान पर ,
ताश के पत्ते पीस रहा है ..
ऐ मेरे अमन को भड़काने वाले गद्दार...
तेरी लाश को कफ़न तक,
  नसीब ना होगा !,,,,,
मेरी भारत माँ के जवानों के,
 जलवे से तू वाकिब नहीं है..
अगर कई खरोंच तो आगयी किसी को यहाँ । ..
कसम भारत माता की ,
इतिहास को गवाह तक नहीं बनने देंगे। ..
"भारत माता की जय"

1 0 Happy Republic Day

0 0 Amma Ram Ram Ram Amma Govinda Govinda Amma
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_5YARaA1-htRE02Zmh5OHVsUjA/view?usp=sh...
Amma Please Review Amma Please Help me Amma Please Save me
Amma Ram Om Ram Ram Ram Amma Govinda Govinda Amma

1 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Modi Ji
Sir, here are two fascinating quotes of yours… would like to share with you, still much has to be done on this…!
India is committed to world peace and we will play our role in strengthening humanitarian forces that will lead to a peaceful world !
We believe in Antodaya To  support the  very last person in the queue is our mantra,  be it in a power or in opposition !
Yours courage,determination encourages all to feel proud to be Indian Jai Hind !

0 0 - Admins of Whatsap group with more than XX numbers needs certain validation and terms n conditions agreement every time before they post anything in the group.
- Facebook users with more than XX friends needs terms n conditions n validation of posts before they post.
- Twitter users n blogs users based on XX number of followers needs  to sign in terms n conditions page taking responsibility for their sharings.
The idea is we make people accountable to for what they share on social media.

0 0 Bas itna hi ki aaj hame kuchh jaraa si bhi problem hui toh hum har jagah apna dukhada rone lagte  hain(including me). Uss vakta agar ham bharat ma ke veer saputon ko dhyan bhi kar le, jinhone kitni taklif sahi toh aaj bhi rooh kaamp jaati hain, toh unake liye saal men doo din hi kyon, magar hame phursat hi kahan aapas men ladne se. Mera south, mera north etc karne se. Hum kab banenge sirf hindistani, Bhishhm Pitamah.

0 0 Respected pm sir , i requested you to condemned the chief minister of states who plays petty politics on the martyrdom of indian soldiers ,in case of URI martyrs they said that they were providing compensation to those soldiers who belong to their respective states my question was that whether my brothers suffered martyrdom for your state ,or  if you want to lessen the pain of their families you should pay the same to all

1 0 Respected PM ,
mai nitin gupta u.p.ke amethi district ka rahne wala hu ,hamari taraf se republic day ki hamare desh washiyo aur hamare army bhaiyo ko bahut-2 badhaiya .
PM JI mai apne desh washiyo aur naujavano ko ek geet bhej rha hu .isme agar koi galti ho to kripya usko shi kr ke 26 january ko aap ye geet Lal kile se bolkar pure desh ko sunaye kyuki aap bolenge to pura desh sunega . yahi meri aap se request h please PM JI meri is manokamna ko puri kre.
             " JAI HIND JAI BHARAT "

0 0 Dear Sir,
 please withdraw the BPL SC ST & OBC facility,, because in my friends group, some friends are rich but they use this facility easily but some general cast student cant get any chance to show their talent,,even i belong to general cast, i need money to continue my study but i dont get any styphen or scholership previous year i went to fill up SBI CLerk form,but they charge 585 Rs.. which is not possible for me to pay,where SC ST could fill up only for RS 100 soplease sir,do something

0 0 respected sir,
i am pallabi kayal, and i belong to poor family but my dream is not poor.. and i have big dream to fulfill my dream my parents are always doing their best but it is not possible for them to spend a lot of money for my higher study,,, so it is my humble request to you to do interest free loans for education within INDIA or very low interest... so that all poor student can fulfill their dreams,,,,

1 0 Respected sir,i kindly request you to take some helpful decision about education loan. I'm from poor background i  request you to  do interest free loans for education within india or very low interest...this is my humble request from all poor and poorest students plz sir...plz

1 0 Dear sir,
My view towards indian people is let the sevice of govt hospital should be improved, meaning govt should provide clinical services in bus stands and Railway station and also a doctor which railway only provide in rajdhani express or other semi high speed train, which should be corrected by state and central govt

1 0 Dear PM sir, In ur leadership I want that every indians should hv atleast 2 time bhojan. for that each family should get 1000/- p.m. and we hv to find out the sponser of that family. i can contribute 1 family for my life time.so if person is not hungry crime will reduce and all poor people will be happy. Thanks

1 0 Kindly withdraw all facilities given to BPL card holders who have more than two children so as to control population and achieve social & economic development of the country.

1 0 Dear sir,
        I have attached a pdf file with this post. It contains the description of my father's experience at the Republic Day celebrations in Delhi in January, 1969.
Regards,
Subhash

0 0 Suggestions for the republic day parade:
- The first float  have a banner with some important points on the Constitution
- Instead of playing only the music for the national anthem have  people sing the same

2 0 Good after noon sir,
please find the attachment of Republic day poem..
if any mistake please forgive me.
thank you so much.

0 0 Sir,this Republic Day could empower our illiterate or non tech-savvy fellow citizens by unfurling Aadhar based biometric transaction machine that will pronounce words in vernacular language in an interactive manner under voice command with retina reading for 1)pay or withdraw or transfer, 2)Dusra byakti or Sanstha ki Aadhar No. For payment 3)Kitna Rupees, 4)Ha or Naa.

0 0 I still respect you a lot. above all i still believe in you. I dont no wether you will be reading these comments really. But whoever read this please understand our health and our country's health is in the hands of all the political leaders and the primeminister. So please make everybody understand. Thank you

0 0 Nature has gifted our country with enough wealth. Its only in our hands to maintain. please support and motivate people to do that. That itself will be a great blessing Modiji. You know everything, when you had the guts to demonitize (we all supported for that), then sure you can also raise our country,s wealth and its own nature gifted living and non-living things.. Please dont go addicted to foreign foods and goods just because of the commissions that many political leaders get. JAIHIND

0 0 Please respect those people who believes in you Modiji. Please stop importing foreign breeds, encourage farmers to grow our native breeds only. We ask jallikattu only to maintain our native breeds. What PETA focuses is wrong,. You too would have known the inner politics behind all these, then why do you support PETA and import of foreign animals? please Modiji these Jersey cows etc will cause ecological imbalance in our future food chain. Already White leghorn hens are showing their sideeffects.

0 0 Modiji iam from tamilNadu. Many people went for Marina protest. Our aim is that we need to lift up the Jallikattu ban permanently. Thanks you have passed the ordinance. But we would have been happy if you would have met those people and promised them that you will make jallikattu permanent. So that they would have cleared the area thanking you a lot. No one believe's our CM,. We believed you. But by your response i was really sad. I have great expectations from you Modiji. Please be for us

0 0 Modiji, on this republic day make feel public that we should rear only indian cows, hens, and only indian domestic animals. No foreign animals modiji. If we allow foreign animals into our country our native breeds will diaappear completly. Already we are loosing them Modiji. Please we need our native breeds, they are the supreme breeds which we can never get back if once destroyed. Please modiji dont import Jersey cows, white leghorns etc just for the comission they give. Please i still hav hope

0 0 hello sir,
i would like to share a memory of Independence Day parade on Rajpath.
i went to the parade in 2015 (Mode sir's first as PM and Obama sir also came). because of the traffic rules i have to walk almost 7-8 km in the morning around 6 am. after doing all the security check and formalities i got the seat. just after the 15-20 mins (before celebration started) it started raining but i didnt leave the place till the parade ended.
Jai Hind.
Proud to be an INDIAN.

0 0 Dear PM,
Want to share Effect of positive Attitude and positive in self approach Like....
In 2014 I saw the Election Campaign of BJP with Full of Positivity we talk only about positivity (at present few call it slogan/jumla)......we know the Results.
Now after That we add criticism and blame game on other Govt  we Know the Result.....
So pls guide your team in UP Election Again Go with same Positivity as in 2014 ....
Instead of Blame or criticism on other part

0 0 NAMASTEJI I REQUEST AND SUGGEST YOU TO PARTICIPATE IN OUR REPULIC DAY CELEBRATIONS BY ALL CITIZENS IN SMALL VILLAGES TOWNS CITIES CORPORATIONS AND ENCOURAGE OUR INDIAN CULTURES RELIGIOUS SOCIAL ECONOMIC CHANGES AND TO ABIDE BY OUR GOVT ACTS RULES LIKE AADHAR CARDS CREDIT CARDS DEBIT CARDS SMART CARDS FOR ALL BANK TRANSACTION PURPOSE AND TO ENCOURAGE SPORTS POLITICS HISTORY OF INDIA WORLD HISTORY AND TO ANNOUNCE IN YOUR NEW BUDGET SPEECHES ON 1 ST FEBRUARY 2017 IN  OUR PARLIAMENT THANK

0 0 Because of numbers of escape routes available to the tax thief i cant do anything. if ill stop the vehical the message will go that im trying for bribe etc. Sir in the name of inspectorraaj what is going on.

0 0 Sir
I'm an excise inspector posted in thane. Yesterday i got an information from one of my informer that a van with goods without payment of taxes is passing through. i didn't knew its destination neither its origin.But information was 100% correct. i got tje information that the van will cross the road in the next half an hoir. As im a new inspector i dont know all the rules. Therefore i spoken to my senior.but they told me i cant do anything as he has no escape route. Sir please look into thi

1 0 We have seen the influence of isis in asia and lone wolf attack method devised by this group in attacking crowd on days of national importance in congregational events.I have no doubt on security arrangements in my country but as a caution any vehicle should not be allowed in the vicinity of Rajpath.
Just a suggestion i believe adequate measures would have already been made
#Republicday2017

0 0 Sir,
Aisa koi bhi desh nhi hoga jo apne talent ko piche karta ho siwaye India ke.

0 0 namste pradhanmantri ji..mai Shivam singh..mera ganv uttar Pradesh ke bhadohi district me h..name h..BAURIBOJH..jiske name ka koi matalab hi nhi niklata..aise hi kai aur ganv h..mai samjhta hu..aise ganv ko name ko badalkar kisi aise vyaktitva ke name par rakha jaye..Jo hamre ane vale pidhiyo ko nayi Sikh de...bhale hi suruat choti h..lekin majbuti jabarzast milegi..sir isliye aap se request h..mere ganv ka name badalane Ki kripa Kare

0 0 In my Memories on Every 26th January I am very Excited to See New Weapon india got  & Jhanki's of state and Colourful Ballons, Pigeon and Dance. I have participated 2 or 3 times in my schooldays in  Cultural programme. God Bless My Country and Honour Our Freedom and Republic -Jai Hind

0 0 this is very important for the #RepublicDay2017 ....
please,go through this letter..

0 0 sabse pehle hamari government ko gov school ke education pe dhyan dena chaiye aur ye compulsory karna chaiye ki sabhi gov officer ke bacche gov school mai hi padhe.
tabhi hamare yaha ke gov school ka education improve hoga
kyuki koi bhi parent aapne student ko gov school mai nahi padhana chahata.
improve the education of gov school will improve the future  of india
jai hind

0 0 वीर सैनिक है हम, अब भय है कैसा?
              वीरता हमारी नस-नस में,
              कूट-कूट कर जननी ने भरी हैं
              शौर्य-रक्त हमारे तन में,
              गंगा-जमुना ने बहाया हैं
वनराज हम है तो, कुंजर से भय है कैसा?
               हलाहल को हला-हलाकर,
               हरिभोग में बदल देंगे
               अमित्र को मिटा-मिटा कर,
               गर्द में मिला देंगे
भीम हम है तो, जरासंध से भय है कैसा?

0 0 Reservation killing Unity & Nationalism.

1 0 Dear all
The broadcasting of republic
day parade to be mandatory
through all the channels
including private. This
promotes the awareness,
better understanding, the
self respect as an Indian and
vigor to the entire society.
I observed during the republic
day parade only few
channels are broadcasting
including state owned. At
that time private channel are
broadcasting rubbish things
like serials , cinemas and
local issues which are not of
great value to individual.thanks

1 0 Dear all
The broadcasting of republic
day parade to be mandatory
through all the channels
including private. This
promotes the awareness,
better understanding, the
self respect as an Indian and
vigor to the entire society.
I observed during the republic
day parade only few
channels are broadcasting
including state owned. At
that time private channel are
broadcasting rubbish things
like serials , cinemas and
local issues which are not of
great value toindividual to
the country.

0 0 THE HONORABLE PEOPLES PRIME MINISTER SHOULD CONDUCT RESEARCH ON THE REVENUE ADMINSTRATION OF OUR COUNTRY IN COMPARISION WITH OTHER DEVELOPED COUNTRIES SINCE WE ARE FOLLOWING THE OLD REVENUE ADMINISTRATION SETTED UP BY THE BRITISHERS WHICH IS AGE OLD BEFORE 1947. IN TAMILNADU STATE A PANCHAYAT CALLED ATCHAMPADU WHICH INCLUDES THREE VILLAGES MADAPURAM KIZHAVANERI ATCHAMPADU BUT IN LAND RECORDS MADAPURAM VILLAGE SHOWN AS ATCHAMPADU VILLAGE NOW HOW MADAPURAM VILLAGE WILL BE DEVELOPED.

0 0 HONORABLE PEOPLES PRIME MINISTER SHOULD GIVE STRICT INSTRUCTION OR POLICIES TO THE GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES FROM COLLECTORS TAHSILDAR VILLAGE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICERS TO HANDLE THEIR DUTIES AND REACH THE POOREST PERSON AND SOLVE HIS PROBLEMS. THE POOR CONDITIONS OF THE VILLAGES ARE DUE TO THESE REVENUE AUTHORITIES FAVOURING RICH PROVIDING ALL AMENITIES TO THEM NEGLECTING POOR WITHOUT WATER NO PROPER ROADS TO VILLAGES. ALL SCHEMES ARE MISUTILISED SINCE NO FEED BACK OBTAINED FROM VILLAGERS OR AUDITED

0 0 HONORABLE PEOPLES PRIME MINISTER SHOULD SEE TO IT THAT THE ARMY JAWANS WHO ARE SAFEGUARDING OUR NATION DAY AND NIGHT SHOULD BE TAKEN CARE WITH PROPER FOOD SHELTER AND FACILITIES REQUIRED BY THEM SINCE WHEN THEY ARE SAFEGUARDING THE CITIZENS OF OUR COUNTRY THEN IT BECOMES DUTY FROM OUR SIDE TO TAKE CARE.

0 0 the power of unity, United India movement with E quail people.

0 0 Dear all
The broadcasting of republic day parade to be mandatory through all the channels including private. This promotes the awareness, better understanding, the self respect as an Indian and vigor to the entire society.
I observed during the republic day parade only few channels are broadcasting including state owned. At that time private channel are broadcasting rubbish things like serials , cinemas and local issues which are not of great value to individual or to the country.

1 0 Now it is a need for All sectors of society that from this Republic Day Free Education should be made available for all Students from all classes of Indian society , From top to bottom This will help the Indian democracy to capture as much as voting strength.As per the analysis , this type of decision has not been taken since 1947, If such step would be taken it will be beneficial for entire Indian .As per article no 122 in Indian constitution,every individual can share their views,”So Can i

0 0 I am here suggesting idea for the saving trees or environment.

1 0 India became Rebublic on 26th january 1950.All people in india have rights of freedom.People should live peace and harmony in india.
There should be more and more strict discipline should be there in india.
Also education system should be well developed.
People should think good thoughts.
Also strict traffice rule should be there in india.
only people getting age of 21 years of age should be given licence.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir,
I am here suggesting idea for the saving trees or environment. Please find attached the file regarding it.
Thanks.

3 0 In January 1954, a group of ISC level boys from St.Edmunds, Shillong set off on an excursion to New Delhi via Calcutta to see the Republic Day parade among other things. The young lads put up at St. Columbas School near Gol Dak Khana , one among them being my father Ramendra Nath Chakravorty who  is a grand 82 years of age now! Armed with his cousin brother’s Baby Brownie box camera he sneaked his way in between police men to click a picture of President Dr.Rajendra Prasad on a Phaeton.

1 0 1)Put freedom fighters photos galleries in all private/gov main gates of organization's and board rooms for remember in all times to them.
2) government might have been made our freedom fighters biography in pdf format and it put in the digital formate on the online for they have biography pass to all
3)put national hero's(freedom fighters) museum in respective village/cities for improve or gain knowledge from the freedom fighters daring and dashing steps.

0 0 In all private/public sectors like eduction, manufacturing industries, agricultural sectors and services sectors,conduct slogan/poster/essay competitions to all employees and students on the main dates of freedom struggle like revaluation of 1857 revaluation of Indian army, on the dates of round table meetings, birth anniversaries of freedom fighters ,independence day and Republic day for improve country devotion to all.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister
sir plz Remove caste based reservation system from all sectors in India,
if people know the real meaning of caste,  people will don’t ask it or fight caste & reservation, sir most of the people don't know what is caste? how caste system has came ? why it came ? for today generation caste is not required to anyone ,
if people still need reservation, give on bases Poverty , region, imp ex-servicemen , physically challenged / handicapped , not on caste based

1 0 All the best PM sir for the upcoming elections in UP,Goa and Punjab.Will pray that your demonitsation drive and  your continued stress on Good Governance will be understood by all.And the Electorate will not be fooled by  like cheap gifts given by the SP, or Congress. Like cycles.And computers.Jai Hind.

0 0 Respected Hon'ble Prime Minister of India,
I would like to draw you kind attention to the following point-
There should have a provision so that interested citizens can monitor the development activities of their respective localities easily.
For that, information regarding project approved, fund sanctioned, fund released, list of beneficiaries, area of operation, nature of activities etc. should be sent from time to time to the registered citizens by e.mail.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
we all will feel proud when Honorable President unfurl the national flag on 26th Jan 2017. Sir I am sending a link of a video with my comments and hoping that you will take some step to add such kind of activity on 26th Jan 2017. this video is related to the special children singing national anthem in their own way. I think if such kind of activity will be included on 26 Jan, it will fill every Indian with patriotic feels. Also it show our strength to world.

0 0 Dear Respected PM sir,
From throughout India of villages of some people fighted in the struggle of independence day. I riquest please find out them in they have areas and please put statutes of them in they have villages/cities for every second in villages/cities. For in every second remembering continuesly they are shown great efforts and they are faces struggles in the freedom.

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Namaskar! Happy Republic Day!
Please find attached the PDF with a message to consider for Tamil nadu. Please do not mistake or take it otherwise as I want to convey my real feelings to you.
Regards
Aanand Jayaraman
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India

0 0 Statewide funding by central government on monthly basis should be advertised in all media.

0 0 User fee collection and expenditure along with investment made since beginning, monthly and daily for the past one week should be displayed in all user fee collection centers of National Highway Authorty of India for public awareness.

0 0 Instead of promoting foreign cow breeds in India, our local / country breed cows should be  saved, developed and exported to other countries. We have to show the entire world that we are the superior than others on Milk products. Our export of superior milk /milk products will generate more revenue than other FDI investment and also create more employment in our country.
the international NGO has to be monitored and controlled. they should not interfere in Government activities.

0 0 PM should restrained "Chaplucy" from his own people. I learnt that his photo with charkha printed for calendars for 2017. Too much exposer of PM also become reason for irritation feelings in common people.

0 0 Dear respected PM sir many employees/workers of public/private industries are save they are earned money in EPF Account largely. But in the present EPF interest rates are have very low. In their retirement time they may save amount will come less than that time of inflation. So please increase EPF interest rates then they will get sufficient amount at retirement and EPF funds will increase while increase of interest rates of EPF while large amount savings of employees in they have EPF Account.

0 0 Dear PM sir
Provision online general ticketing(no reservation tickets) facility in railways to all passengers for eliminate rush in the ticket counters of railway stations. Then all are can easily taking general tickets from they have net/mobile Internet as hassle free and convenience.

0 0 NAMASTEJI I SALUTE NATION REPUBLIC DAY CELEBRATION AND PARTICIPATE ALL SCHOOLCOLLEGE STUDENTS
FOR CULTURAL RELIGIOUS SOCIAL ECONOMIC PROGRAMMES IN ALL VILLAGES TOWNS CORPORATIONS LEVEL EVERY WEEK FOR 3 MONTHS FROM APRIL TO JUNE EVERY YEARFORALL GOVT SCHEMESTOKNOW AND HOWTOOPERATE BANK ACCOUNTS TO UNEDUCATE PEOPLE AND GIVE AWARDS BY ALL DISTRICT COLLECTORS POLICE OFFICERS IN ALL TOWNS FOR ENCOURAGING STUDENTS AND HELPNATION BUILDING UNITE AND INTEGRATION OF ALL MATTERS AS INDIANS

0 0 NAMASTEJI WE SALUTE OUR NATION AND REPUBLICDAY 26 TH JANUARY 2017 TOALL WE UNITE AND INTEGRATION OF ALL INDIANS FOR UNIQUE BLEND OF CULTURAL RELIGIOUS SOCIAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENTS
HEALTH AND WELFARE MEASURES BY GOVT TO ANNOUNCE EVERY YEAR BUDGETS AND AMENDING ALL SCHEMES LIKE AADHAR CARDS PAN CARDS SMART CARDS SYSTEM NOW IN INDIA TAMILNADU PEOPLE WANTS TO ENACT
SPECIAL ORDINACE BY OUR PRESIDENT OF INDIA AND IMMEDIATE APPROVAL BY SUPREME COURT FOR FAVOUR
OF JALLIKATTU MATTER ALLTHANK

1 0 HONOURABLE PM OF INDIA,
 My name is tushar and I like to make 2 suggestions:
1) we should take a pledge to setup a POLLUTION TASK FORCE in India which has not still been encorporated in our country.
This pollution force should be formed in order to look only after the pollution causing elements and an adequate action can be taken against those who found guilty.
2) we should not allow industries to throw water directly into river . This waste should be taken care of and must be treatedbefore

0 0 Honorable PM Sir...
Please pay attention towards the BAJAR SAMITI of farmers in Maharashtra..Due to Demonitization and excess production this year prices fell down drastically by merchants which destroyed farmers day to day life.Provide profitable price to farmers otherwise their trust on U may goes down.

1 0 Please abolish caste base reservation. After 70 years of independence it's a shame if people still need reservation. If needed, make it based on economical condition of people.

0 0 Please ban making and selling of fire crackers in whole country. I am sure there are more innovative and eco friendly ways to celebrate. This will also help in curbing pollution.

1 0 AARAKSHAN should not be given at country level, becase you will see different cities where one population is higher then other one and at same time , the higher population is lower in another city or state. so make it city basis or state basis not at country level.

1 0 3- you were talking for transparency in political party on fund. why not it is being implemented. get every payment online only. no cash.
4- Make current account transaction online only , no cash transactino should be allowed to make india cashless, these business should come online completely.
5- i think the worker on BJP are not working at ground level and that s why you will not be getting benefit even after been a very popular leader.

1 0 sir, i think following must be considered now.
1- please do some thing to get voter card online. making it online will give a real benefit to learned people and they will be able to vote. most of the people dont want to vote to because of they dont have voter card or link it with aadhar card. so who ever have aadhar should be able to vote.this is problem i am facing now and not able to vote.
2- Arakshan to minorities and give it to real required people, based on state or city count level.

1 0 respected PM sir.The best way to celebrate republic day is to make resolution to make our country poverty free.Each and every person in country should have shelter , suficient food for eating and means of livelihood so that we can achieve means of republic day.We are proud to be Indians and salute efforts of army and government towards development of country.We will achieve the goals and make country's future bright.

0 0 All Public especially poor and middle class have suffered a great extent for better India for Tax slab should be up to Rs 10 lakhs 10% with all exemptions for all citizens, Rs 10 to 20 Lakhs 20% and above Rs 30 lakhs 30%. This will make every Indian become tax assessee linkage to Aadhaar. All cash transactions should absorb tax of 30% to make them digital.

0 0 Please take a look on employment,we can lead our country

0 0 Hi sir,year comes and goes and We celebrate our Republic Day and Independence Day joyfully,make some resolution and the day after we forget that!Our country is growing,but the raw nationalism so too,please make it stop!!
Another thing is that please make the votes also by Adhar Card,we can save money from that also,corruption could be tackled at its doorstep,we are starting our bank ac in just few second by the adhar card we can cast our vote by that also,
and Please focus on EMPLOYEMENT

0 0 Cases against Politicians are not pursued with all courts including Supreme Court for keeping corruption under check. Monthly report on such cases can be published in all papers for people awareness.

0 0 Modiji where are you ?
you will suppoort youth only at when you need during vote where do you went now? got amount from foiegn companies and destroying lord krishna's favourite cattle you have betrayed the lord himself what is rss doing now betraying lord krishna along with modi this what yoou guys give to lord krishna by hitting him in back I am fighting for lord krishna who didnt gave me anything but I will stand beside him is your choice real indians will come for the fight

0 0 Central Government has cancelled number of NGO who are not doing their intended purpose and not submitting their audit reports for so many years. Likewise it can cancel PETA also which is creating problems for Indian Economy by reducing A2 milk production in India since PETA registered in India. Why central government has not taken action against Karnataka for not fulfilling Supreme Court order on Cauvery waters whereas central government is insisting for Supreme Court order on Jallikattu.

0 0 Didnt even consider tamilians who supported and bought republic like va u chidambran and barathiyar instead destroying thier people and people in tamilians I as the youth of tamilnadu condemn modiji and his goverment for not considering us as a indians who also helped for republic but u are rejecting us so please ban peta if modiji loves cho than he would not go to a extent to destroy cho's tamil guuys hope modiji takes the matter seriously tamil youths are dying here

0 0 Republic day why the hell we have to celebrate it when we doesnt even get republic we are still now a slave of americans where did india went simply keeping name and celebrating is not republic we need true republic destroying oyr cattles and cows and importing jersey cow all over the india is not republic bsnl must be a stronger network in india but vodafone a british company has the stronger network even bsnl taking help of it

0 0 1) STUDENTS DEVELOPMENT IS NATIONS DEVELOPMENT.
2) EVERY STUDENTS MUST GET EBC CONSISSION.
3) EVERY STUDENTS MUST GET RAILWAY CONSISSION.
4) EBC POOR STUDENTS MUST GET ALL EDUCATIONAL FACILITY.
DETAILS ARE GIVEN IN PDF.

0 0 Sir, some of them in the world had very happiest moment...hearing you.. saying as Vanakkam Iniya Pongal nalvazhthukkal but still there are few who believe that much has to be done ... the culture of south is so pure as North, we must feel proud when we talk inclusiveness in the world forum... at the same time we do have to promote in the right spirit of our culture & festivals as well... language, a not a barrier for connecting people to people... so much has to be done still ! Jai Hind !

1 0 Sir, Please provide proper endeavor for plantation of thousands  kinds of trees  which provide fruits , vegetables , edible oil , cereals , medicines etc. along the roads, railways, drains and canals and on the edges of agricultural farms. That will not only provide nutrition to the people but save the environment also ,enhancing biological diversity.I have illustrated many hundreds of trees and shrubs which can turn the country into a developed country within 15 years. Please read all pdf..

0 0 70 SAL SE INDIA ME  KITANE KUTTE 7O SAL BHOKE LAL KILE SE PAR KOI KUTTA BATA NAHI PAYA 70 SAL SE REPUPLIC DAY KA WORD.KYA CHIJ HAIN YE.KEWAL INDIA ME DO FULL BATE HAIN LOOTO INDIA KO LOOTO AUR INDIA KO BECHO.POVERTY HAIN INDIA ME KOI KUTTA KO NAHI DIKHATA KYA.

0 0 70 SAL SE MUJE AUR INDIAN PPL KO REPUBLIC KA WORD SAMAJ ME NAHI AAYA KYA HAIN YE AUR INDIA ME KOUN HAIN REPUPBLIC.YAHA KEWAL MAHAPAPIYO KA DIN HAIN THA AUR RAHENGA.MERE KO PATA NAHI KYA CHIJ HAIN REPUBALIC DAY (LAICAU).BATA MUJE.

0 0 MODI TU PURA ASSHOLE HAIN KARAN TU NAUKARI WALO KO GARIB KAHA RAHA HAIN.TO POOR KOUN HAIN INDIA ME JISAKE PAS RAHANE KO GHAR NAHI HAIN PAISA NAHI HAIN YE HAIN GARIB PAISA ZERO HAIN A/C ME.

0 0 MODI TUNE KAHA THA KI MAIN GARIBO KA PAISA GARIBO KO DUNGA TO KAB DENGA AGAR DIYA TO TU UP ME AUR PURE ME WIN WON PAR NAHI TO ZERO 2019 ME UP ME PURE ME DHYAN RAHE.

0 0 AGAR MODI TUNE POOR PPL KO POVERTY END NAHI KIYA TO TU DEKH LE BJP KO HAM ZERO BANAYENGE AUR POOR KO DIYA TO TEREKO 2019 400 SEAT DENGE WADA HAIN HAMARA.Share Your Views...

0 0 RIGHT TO LIVE  - Live and let live. I wish this will be the message for this years Republic Day

1 0 This schedule should be followed-
8 - 10'a.m.- brooming.
10 a.m.- 1 pm. - garbage collection from different areas.
1 - 4 p.m. - garbage should reach for dumping or recycling.
Side by side inspectors should inspect wheather  the work is being done properly and on time or not.

0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी द्वारा चलाए गए स्वच्छता अभियान में सरकारी कर्मचारीही सहयोग नहीं दे रहे हैं। निजी स्तर पर बहुत से लोग, NGO's काम कर रही हैं लेकिन जिनकी job ही है सफ़ाई करने या करवाने की वो नहीं कर रहे। सड़कों पर झाड़ू लगती है लेकिन कूदा नहीं उठाया जाता,वो वही सड़ता रहता है। मैंने अपने क्षेत्र ( विकास पूरी) के sanitary inspector से कई बार शिकायत व प्रार्थना की, किंतु कोई सुधार नहीं है।

0 0 I wishes happy 68 republic day to people of india in advance..
    As we(indian) stands 2nd in popultion index worldwide although we are at 66th position in innvotion this seems too bad to hear..
So request our PM Mr. Narendra modi take intiative to create the environment of innovation in india.
Arrange the seminar of professor on national channels to inspire the youth of india for invvotion. And also encourage the private mass media to do so..

0 0 This Republic Day the Government should make it a point that the kissans of our country should be encouraged to start  growing food on cooperative basis.I am sure that they will be successful like Amul Dairy in Gujarati.
Another point to be noted is that as there is a shortage of new Rs 500/- and Rs 1000/- currency note in the country, these along with Rs50/- Rs 20/- and Rs 10 and Rs 5/- must be printed in another country on priority basis and should be distributed in our country  quickly.

0 0 Dear Narenda Sir,
Can we expect any strict decision against Pakistan on this Republic Day as we are fedup to listen the loss of Indian soldiers since very long...
And we selected BJP government mainly for this reason.

0 0 hey

0 0 Dear Pm Sir,
I am attaching youtube video message for Republic day 
Thank you
Kanak Priya

0 0 It is the time to make green bharat,pollution free bharat on this occasion. Our country is wealthy but spoiled our natural habitats&became unhealthy. So we knew as nature& natural sources are  the wealth of nation. All our developments is depend on is the country is healthy or not??.so through primary education only we start to make changes by educate new generation regarding our trees& natural sources as they helps us to develop ....

0 0 It is right time, the issue of separate messes in defense forces is addressed. There should be only ONE mess for all. One food- one mind/ethic.

0 0 SIR,Address the common people why they are not under stand the government policies and our constitution,how to abolish red tap-ism.

0 0 We are citizens of Republic and independent nation but this is just on papers .We will feel ourselves a citizen of republic and independent nation only when we can go anywhere freely without any threat .But today's scenerio is different , to guard a single person more than 100's of people are there to safe guard a particular person and that looks very bad and as a common man we feel in secure .Let us pledge to make BHARAT a country where UNITY IN DIVERSITY REALLY EXISTS WITHOUT ANY INTERFERENC

0 0 Mera Bharat Meri Pehchan. Proud to be an INDIAN. Being an INDIAN, my attributes my actions  my character is always towards maintaining the dignity of my motherland. Since it is my home no one from outside will come to protect our motherland, we have to protect it and to contribute towards its continued success & prosperity. Vande Mataram.

0 0 first in millions(not one among the million ,my country is not to be lost in croud of millions ), diverse heritage,varied religions, giving to the whole world a perfect example of UNITY IN DIVERSITY ,a perfect breathtaking view of landscapes , headed by himalayas and south by rivers ,west by the desert and east by 7 sisters .. I can bet i the whole universe we can proudly say SARE JHA SE AACHA HINDUSTAN HAMARA.#REPUBLIC DAY our motherland day..

0 0 Sir
This festival is a big featival for all indian jay hind.sir as a requeat in this festival i incourge a middleclass and poor people for flag our national flag.u find out a power of commen man and support for brights nation by commen man.also take supoort by young geeration in every field.i want work for my batter village state and country without any demand same me many people wnt work in this direction just want help from u.jay hind jay bharat love u modiji

0 0 BUDGET FOR FREE EDUCATION UP TO 10TH CLASS AND REMOVE THE RESERVATION
Demonetization success Let be concentrate on un healthy reservation and subsidies.
The next Generation kids is the founders of national strength ... it always depend on brain capacity and skills of students not on reservation.
- Develop the skills and IQ knowledge for them by GIVING THEM HEALTHY FOOD / SHLTER / BOOKS / PHYSICAL FITNESS OF STUDENTS... IN ALL CASTS UP TO 10TH CLASS..
Govt. spend the expenses upto10th

0 0 Now a days all over the world think about our culture, our education and youth power it all possible because we learn something from our tradition and a wish to do something better than others its beneficial to develop culture and develop
Our nation.

1 0 We are a republic as a nation but not as a indivisual.
Do we care about our fundamental Duties? is what we have to ask  ourselves on this eve.
Let us be a developed person by thought, a democratic by ideas and a republic by action

0 0 http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/richest-1-ow...
Per the above link 1% of Indians own 58% of Total wealth in India. If this is true then even after 70 years India didnot fulfill constitutional directive principles to prevent concentration of wealth. Can we expect some super rich Income taxes on the super rich individuals in India in Budget 2017

0 0 सूरत जेल : अच्छे दिन का इंतजार -साई जी के इस पत्र के बाद  प्रधानमंत्री जी इस दिशा में कितनी तत्परता दिखाते है ?​ इसका जेल में बंद बंदियों को सबसे ज्यादा इंतजार है..क्योंकि यदि सूरत से इसकी शुरुआत होती है तो ये माना जाना चाहिए कि देश की तमाम जेलों की सूरत और सीरत बदलने के साथ उनके अच्छे दिन आने वाले है..!समाज के, देश के हित में इसका पूरा उपयोग हो इससे अच्छा क्या हो सकता है ! समाज के, देश के हित में इसका पूरा उपयोग हो इससे अच्छा क्या हो सकता है !letter received from advocate of @narayan prem saij

0 0 साई जी ने लिखा है  लाजपोर जेल को एक विश्वस्तरीय अनुकरणीय आदर्श जेल बनाने के लिए अंग्रेजों के जमाने से चलते आ रहे पुराने जेल मेन्युअल में भी कुछ संशोधन परिवर्तन करने पड़ सकते हैं और प्रैक्टिकली प्रयोग भी करने होंगे । अंग्रेजों के वर्षों पुराने बनाये नियमों में आज के समय के अनुसार बदलाव आवश्यक भी है और, मैं जानता हूँ कि आप इनोवेशन प्रेमी हैं।सुधार और विकास के लिए आप वर्षों से तत्परता से रात-दिन लगे हैं । इसी दिशा में मेरी कोशिश को सफल बनाने आपका सहयोग चाहिए ।

0 0 उन्होंने अपने पत्र में लिखा है ..मैं आपके द्वारा उद्घाटित लाजपोर, सूरत की जेल को world - class विश्वस्तरीय जेल बनाने की इच्छा रखता हूँ । पिछले तीन वर्षों से बहुत कुछ ideas मेरे मन में आये हैं -  अगर आप गुजरात सरकार को इस विषय में मेरा सहयोग करने के संदर्भ में कहें तो यह कार्य बहुत शीघ्रता से प्रारंभ हो सकता है । इससे,जब तक न्यायालय का मेरी जेल मुक्ति विषयक फैसला नहीं आ जाता तबतक जेल में रहते हुए मैं मेरी योग्यता, समय, शक्ति, बौद्धिक सम्पदा का सदुपयोग कर सकता हूँ और समाज के, देश के हित में हो./

1 0 श्री नारायण साँई जी का सूरत जेल से प्रधान मंत्रीजी श्री नरेंद्र मोदी को खुला पत्र
 पूज्य श्री नारायण साई जी ने लाजपौर जेल सूरत को  विश्वस्तरीय श्रेष्ठ जेल बनाने के लिए प्रधानमंत्री श्री नरेंद्र मोदी को सुझावपत्र प्रेषित किया है. जिसमें उन्होंने अंग्रेजों के जमाने से चलते आ रहे पुराने जेल मेन्युअल में भी कुछ संशोधन परिवर्तन की आवश्यकता जताई है. उन्होंने लाजपौर जेल को एक विश्वस्तरीय अनुकरणीय आदर्श जेल बनाने के कार्य में स्वयं की सेवाएँ देने की भावना भी व्यक्त की है.

0 0 Dear Sir,
         The Pressing issues needs to be dealth with immediate thwarting are:-
       1.Civic Issues
       2.Disaster Management.
       3.Environment & Forests.
       4.Health and Family Welfare.
       5.Human rights.
       6.Animal Husbandry Dairying and fisheries.
       7.Sports.
       8.Legal Awareness and Aid.
       9.Education and literacy.
      10.Art and Culture.
          Sir,your speech should carry awareness and solution pertaining to these issues.

0 0 Dear PM make focus on people's education for toilet movement,cashless economy,war against corruption in your republic day speech

0 0 "Flower teaches us the lesssion how to appear happy in our bad moment of life."

0 0 Svatantrata sainaniyo ki jivani to kuchh is prakar rahi hai-
"Himadri tung ssring se prabuddha shudha bharati
Svayamprabha samujvala svatantrata pukarati,
Amartya veer putra ho drirh pratigya sonch lo,
veer tum barhe chalo veer tum barhe chalo."

0 0 Regarding Republic Day I want to share some Patriotic shairy-
1.Bharat Mata ke AAnchal me veero ke phool barsate hai,
Bharat ke desh me veer to kya devta bhi tarste hai.
2.Ram Krishan ki dharti hai veero se bhari pari hai,
Bharat mata ki raksha ke liye kahi veer khare hai to kahi veerangnaye khari hai.
3.Bharat is duniya ki shaan hai sabse dulara hinustaan hai.
4.Vo daali bekar hai jisme kaante nahi paaye jaate ,
vo desh bekar hai jisme veer nahi paaye jaate.

1 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi Ji,
Sir, Let's this Republic Day, reminds us the sacrifices of our great soldiers, farmers who fed & protected us from the enemy's of our mother land India ...May this Republic Day unites our citizens to fight against the evils of our societies in the best possible way as our great freedom fighters and leaders taught us, Harmony,peace in the world and make the dream fulfill and always proud to say India first... and be proud to be Indian !
Jai Hind !

3 0 सेवा में
     माननीय प्रधानमंत्री
विषय= लोन वापिस होने के सम्बन्ध में
महाशय
      निवेदन पूर्वक कहना है| कि में स्टेट अवार्डी उमा झा पति = स्व श्याम झा ग्रा.पो.= हरिपुर डीहटोल अंचल= कलुआही जिला= मधुबनी कि स्थायी निवासी हू|
सर में उमा झा दो वर्षो से लगातार स्टेट बैंक में लोन के लिए आवेदन कर रही हू| सर मेरी लोन कि साडी प्रक्रिया हो गयी थी, लेकिन स्टेट बैंक ऑफ इंडिया,कलुआही के मेनेजर लगातार दो वर्षो से वापिस कर दे रहे है कहते है टारगेट नही है तो सर आप ही बताये मै क्या करू|

0 0 Terrorists free, Corruption free, unemployment free, Clean and green India

0 0 still i have not attended any parade at state or delhi,but every time i attended parade of district police at district police ground of Nasik.And one time attended artillary parade ceremony in deolali.It always give u proud feeling while watching our soldier and police.On very republic day,we falicilate soldier for their contribution,but police plays vital role in maitaing republic status of india.-Let salute for  contibution of them...

0 0 May god purify each soul in the world so we all work in friendly manner to achieve the common goal.

0 0 sir,
plz find the pdf file attached hereto.

1 0 Republic Day event is moment of  Great pride!!.
Proud moment to see our armed forces displaying their might, parade by different units of armed forces arouses feeling of pride & honor for our country in our hearts.
Display of cultural tableau  is a memorable experience.

0 0 On this republic day we must take oath to give education to everyone and every child must get play ground for playing.Poor who is still far away many scheme which is made for them,and every child full freedom from economy barrier.

0 0 This Republic Day let us make our nation
Corruption free
Pollution free
Clean India move towards Green India,Developed India

0 0 A Tribute to ISRO on Republic Day Celebration

0 0 Let’s celebrate Republic Day this year with the motto of "Clean India, Developed India".

0 0 Vivekananda elaborates – “Why was it so easy for the English to conquer India? It was because they are a nation, we are not. When one of our great men dies, we must sit for
 centuries to have another…” in contrast with other nations that had a greater number of educated men and women.(2/2)

0 0 Need to create great leaders in India:"While in America, Vivekananda had noticed that there was barely a difference between the higher classes of India and America, but there was an “infinite” distance between the poor of the two countries. This impoverishment in India in terms of education and empowerment of the masses was responsible for a “dearth of great ones".(1/2)

0 0 And my suggested tagline for this cell is...
Kuch likh aisa,shadiyo tak yaad rahe vaisa.
I hope u consider my suggestion and do something on this topic.

0 0 To write something is an art but mostly ignore this and the reason is there is no gov.cell which motivates the common people to write something who have this art.No adds no promotions in India for that.Especially poor people can't afford the book publishing process which is so costly.So I request u on this republic day announce a cell which help the common people at district level.

2 0 Honourable PM sir...I want that u announce a initiative of gov.for writing books on this republic day.Everyone knows the deep effect of stories,poems one our mind nd heart.Even u also read the autob.of Benjamin franklin.One line can change the whole life of a person.Everyone wants to become a eng.,teacher,doctor but rarely someone wants to become a writer due to lack of parents support and difficult process of book publishing.

0 0 BHARAT MATA KI JAI
I Salute our Nation & great respect to the Gov for being Indian.JAI HIND

0 0 Aoo Desh Banaye,apna desh..tum sabko yee hak banti hai,ke apna soch-bichar,takat,budhhi lagake desh ke hith me kam kare,har kadam pe desh ke nam roshan kare..humlog itna takatbar bane ke dushman ankh se ankh mila na sake,or dosth dilse varosa karke apne hat pakarsake..yee desh tumhari hai,yahan ki loog tumhari hai..kuch eysa karo yee sab tumhari upar varosa karsake,tumhari ankho se sapna dekhsake,ek naye umid leke ji sake..bohot kam baki hai,aoo kam kare desh banaye,apne deshs

0 0 Please look after poor section of the society. SAVE THE HUMANITY.

0 0 For the service rendered by cpmfs,please include the marching contingents of bsf,crpf,itbp etc.it will demoralise these forces beyond repair if its not repaired.

0 0 राष्ट्रीय दिवस अपना मह्त्व खोते जा रहे है क्योंकि लोग सिर्फ इसे छुट्टी के रूप में मनाते है उनके मन में शत-प्रतिशत राष्ट्र भावना हो या न हो, पर ये तय है कि वो आज के नेताओं को कोसते जरूर है। भारत सरकार को चाहिए कि इस परंपरा को बदले और राष्ट्र व उसके लिए समर्पित नेताओं को सम्मान दे। इसीलिए राष्ट्रिय दिवसों व भारत रत्न प्राप्त विभूतियों के जन्मदिन पर बिक्री को करमुक्त कर दे और सनद रहे है कि सामान्य दिनों में दिए जाने वाले ऑफरों पर रोक लगाई जानी होगी ताकि आमजन राष्ट्रिय दिवसों का इंतज़ार करें।

0 0 Republic day Parade is more Delhi centric.Why not Republic day parade venue not be shifted to state capitals from next year ?

0 0 माननीय मोदी जी में आप से कहना चाहता हूँ की ऑनलाइन कटने वाले सभी टैक्स को बिल्कुल कम कर दीजिये जिससे ऑनलाइन पेमेंट करने पर ग्राहक को कुछ फायदा हो और बो कैसलेस क्रांति की तरफ बड़े| ये बात मैंने आपके फेसबुक पेज पर भी कही थी पता नही आपने पड़ा या न|
      और सर आप मन की बात में जिक्र कर दीजियेगा|

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी प्रणाम मै आपका ध्यान आज उन बैंक के कर्मचारियों की तरफ अकर्षित करना चाहता हू जिन्होंने आपके और हमारे उम्मीदों पे पानी फेरने में कसर नहीं छोड़ी जिनमे हमारे मध्यप्रदेश के उमरिया जिले के HDFC बैंक के मैनेज़र और कुछ कर्मचारियों ने जामकर फर्जी खाते खोले है उनमे से कुछ लोगो एसे भी है जिनसे हस्ताक्षर भी नहीं बनता उनको पैसो का लालच देकर उनके खातों में मोटी रकम डालकर निकाल भी गई और निकली जा रही है और ये सारे लोग गाव के है क्रपया इन खातों की जाच कराई जाये सच सामने आने के लिए

1 0 Individual vehicles are allotted to each government officers for conducting tours even though their service is not important in nature.  Instead a pool can be formed at district level which would provide the vehicles accommodating more than one officer in the tours to same route in the same time schedule. This will restrict misuse of vehicle and save fuel too.

0 0 Ya!!! our government was moving under a exrtraordinary leader its awesome actually. we do need to celebrate our republic day as much grand... please every citizen much be so patritotic. those who buy our indian flag on the day they give pose as much as possible  but the every next day its in dust bin please my request is dont do that nonsence. its hurting... please remember my words

0 0 various time media get issue if any govt authority or offices not hasting the flag in 26jan or 15 Aug. as my knowledge its mandatory to all govt offices. सभि कि ब्यक्तिगत आजादि है परन्तु सरकारी कर्मचारियों के आजादि का क्या   क्या वो सरकारि कर्मचारी है ईसलिए तिरगां लहराना जरुरि है. i believe that, i govt withdrawal the mandatory to hasting flag in offices, all govt employee self take serious more to flag hasting and enjoy this.

0 0 Various people with me also not known the actual fact regarding republic day (26jan), out knowledge in this festival is incomplete, the education system, our media and other sources not educate to citizen regarding this (26jan) festival. kindly get a operation to educate the world to the important(s) of this day.

0 0 This moment is very important. i have from Odisha, in past when i had to Delhi to enjoy 26Jan, the defense authority not allowed me. I am Indian but autority dyned me to join and enjoy this festival in past. it's hot to my ego and i had been returned. Please try avoid this types of attitude to citizens.

0 0 I have been genuinely working in the environmental sector for sustainable development in terms of environmental research, through our NHO "Centre for Environment". i am sharing a link of my deeds through our web site; www.cepter.org

0 0 I am a proud Indian & I have designed a youth song along with my collegue, for the inspiration which is attached herewith.
Thank you,
Prof. mr. Shekhar Salunke

0 0 PM Modi Sir – Attached a file herewith stating detailed suggestions which includes following titles (With details) for combating corruption:
1)	Closing Ration Shops & Transferring Monthly Fixed Amount
2)	Removing Bank Managers – substituting Technology
3)	Eradicating Bribes in the Educational Institutions
4)	Nationwide Audit on all Real Estate Companies
5)	Revenue department transactions through online
6)	Reorganizing vital departments

0 0 Govt Officers should get promotion or other benefits based on only their performance. That will kill the corruption. That will improve the quality of govt services.

0 0 Sir why not the condition should be there for reservation category that no child of govt officer would get the benefit of reservation. India demands it sir, please, You are the hope.

0 0 Sir, why so much facilities to MLA's & MP's. They are there to serve the nation, not themselves. India needs a big change in such provisions made by earlier govt. That is total waste of govt fund.

0 0 Things have changed, not much for poor, 70 years a long time.Rich people have become richer, poor poorer,not always but mostly.We have to pause and re-think are we a welfare state, why there is so much disparity between poor and rich.Since 2015,there are hopes of development with the present government focussing on innovation like demonetisation, more bold innovation has to come in Education,Health Care,urban development,transportation using technology to provide high quality low cost solutions

0 0 Promote khadi and Handlooms production,by making mandatory for Govt/psu/bank/cbse/University/railway/ Postal staff etc during office time to wear Khadi and Handloom clothes,also promote jute industry which would revive these industries and give jobs to many weavers.Train unemployed including rural people in solar panel installation and maintainence,clean drinking water,swatch bharath mission following www.barefootcollege.com model.Improve toilets in Trains &install toilets in all public places

0 0 Digidhan is great but enhance servers and platform to make whole system smooth

0 0 Respected Honorable PM sir,
As So many know that Our armed forces need so many technical officers, I have a doubt regarding eligibility. Armed forces says that the minimum height required for women technical officers from north east India is 147 cm and other part of the country is 152 cm. When the training for both the candidates are same, why the government has not revised that the minimum height is 147 cm from any part of the country?

1 0 #indianRailways
1. Do not start any new train on busy route. Due to this existing train existing runs late.
2. Improve the quality. Now we are paying good amount for the journey, still we are not getting good features.
3. Station master rarely check what is going to sell on station premises. It must be their responsibility. Unauthorized guy sells in train
4. You started water ATM. I travel last month from Delhi to Bareilly, None of them was working. Please take care for maintenance also.

0 0 Every payment above Rs 4999/- should be in form of Cheque, Online payment or Credit/ Debit Card Payment only. Why there should be cause for corruption ?

1 0 First of all congrats to finish your target for the black money corruption project!!!
Awesome Mr. PM,
Now, you should think about the lower & middle class people as how they can grow up more wisely and efficiently in this market!!!
Think about a small trader/professional/self employed/business man!!!
How they can stand in this slag market???
Actually there is no purchase or sell in this current market scenario!!!
Please think about the small business man!!!
Happy republic day!!!
Jai hind

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister sir,
First of all thank you so much for the action against blackmoney, its really very helpful for the Middle class and lower middle class people, to respect your action and to help government i am started paying all my purchase and bill using my state bank of india debit card, but when ever i am filling petrol for my bike SBI debiting 2.5% of surcharge and debiting the same from bank account. Kindly take necessary action to stop this surcharges -Faithfully Rameshkumar

0 0 Modi about the corruption matter with proof I am loged the complaints in MN App only received and forward that  complaint except that nothing will be happen nobody has shown any interest about the corruption matter with valid proof I am  complaining against the LIC but  Prime Minister Office has not serious about the corruption matter that for i am sending all details to you with open complain letter after that every responsibility is POM office.  Thanks Regards

0 0 Respected Modi ji, thanks for the taking action against for the corruption and black money. To day we all are feel proud that you have trying for eradication the corruption and black mony, sir I have also face lots of problems at the age of 76 only for the willfully corruption.  Sorry to saying that I have provided all proof about the corruption matter but except receive and forward nothing will be happen, there for I am sending all things with proof to you with a open comppaint letter. Regards

1 0 When would people get the benefits of that demonetization move, we are supporting to PM Modi, they have the believe that, yes modi can do something different and better, So they accept the pain of that cruel demonetization move. It is their right to get the real benefit of the demonetization.

0 0 just we have to marked our brands and industries all over the world
I attached one youtube video link with this. Govt should promote and advertise our culture and industries all over the world by making documentaries and by other means.

1 0 I want to see better health insurance scheme by government being announced.

0 0 On every republic day, the government should set a goal for the next year or next few years and display the results achieved during the republic day parade and celebrate the success. Only one goal needs to be projected and invite all citizens to work for it. This will become a constructive habit among the citizens and many goals can be set thereafter.

1 0 It is very good initiative by government to promote digital payment and cashless transaction. My suggestion is all kind of transaction charges applicable during online money transfer, booking if flight, railway booking etc should be waived off. It should make free transaction. Then only people will start using cashless transaction.

0 0 India need to create leaders who will be like Statesmen cadre, with great patriots of the land, and do selfless service to the nation on par with the world standards protecting the sacredness, Vedic culture of the land. We may need about 10000 or more leaders now and in the future generations to make India a developed and powerful nation.

1 0 My suggestion would be to do something who are suffering from money lenders. There are few people who take money from illegle money lenders and they pay 4 to 5 times extra as an installment however they havent cleared there money yet. It would be greate you can give freedom to those poor people from moneylenders.

0 0 Everyone gave suggestions here including me, without reading description, for upcoming republic day. Please share same with PMO. Few things can b very important

0 0 Do explain, what gov could not achieved as planned and what's the plan for it in short. This balance and judgemental words will have real good impact on Indian. And we ppl will easily ignore oppositions disturbing reaction.
Instead of you hosting flag, invite any great widow or father of soldier to do honour. Include it in speech.
 with your experience, if there is any good intelligent person opposition allow them to speak for 1 minute to express thanks to nation or any suggestion

0 0 Like the way you touched people heart chord by toilet mission, announce plan to engage beggars, trutiy panthi people into skill dev and job to uplift them from their current low status in socienty. Make them respectful citizen. This is a humanity cause. Please.

0 0 26 जनवरी तक हम सभी ये निश्चय कर ले की जहां तक संभव हो स्वदेशी वस्तुओं का उपयोग करें व खरीदे। जिससे हमारे देश के व्यापार में लाभ हो तथा स्वदेशी वस्तुओं का उपयोग करने से भारतीय लघु उद्योगो एवं कुटीर उद्योगो को संबल प्राप्त हो।
🚩 जय हिन्द 🚩

0 0 Declare a NS Day - National Service Day for people, student all to be direct part of national initiatives like digital learning and teaching, clean india, khaadi etc. One day to register and be part of event.

1 0 Hon. PM has great vision and concept of nation first, and people are also encouraged to involve and  participate in various schemes and programmes related to  development of nation and people voluntarily do  best work for our nation, Best wishes, thanks

1 0 Respected sir, i m very happy n obliged by ur namo app where I wrote my grievance to pgportal no. pmopg/e/2016/0231637, i m excited to tell on my grievance action taken, n me like an agrieved lady with a kid,bcz of ur portal helps me n saved me for filing quashing litigation in HIgh court as my cruel husband lodged  false u/s66IT F.I.R.against me &my aged pensioner father, the matter u/closure report submission by police in court.I heartily thanks you for relieving my tension n helps me. Priti

0 0 Sir, I think there should be another big step to pass a bill removing all controls of politicians over police. It will definitely give a huge to our fight against corruption. Please let me how was my suggestion.

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नोटबंदी से सबसे ज्यादा परेशानी एक आम आदमी को हुई है। तो इस गणतंत्र दिवस पर आप आयकर में कुछ छूट देकर या खत्म करकर आम आदमी को तोहफा दे सकते हैं। धन्यवाद और माननीय मैं आपका बहुत बड़ा मुरीद हूँ।

0 0 Muje lagta hai ki yadi India ko cashless banana hai to every tranjection par kuch na kuch Milna chiye logo to Tabi log attract hoge or online tranjection karge. Ye process tab tak chalni chaihiye jab tak kam se kam  90% log cash less payment karna start nahi karde.
Qki abi logo ko lagta hai ki une Kya profite hoga online tranjection se
Or jage jage digital board or koi Jo Ise processing ko btha shake Uske liye camp Lagana Bhut jaruri hai.

0 0 Start the new trend for young generation that is "learning and earning". Bcoz youth must be self dependand, It will help to increase more active persons in nation and the problem of laziness in youth will solve in next 10 years.  Thank you

0 0 I have a dream, a dream about my India,a women respecting country, well-wishes on daughters,and no starvation,state of replacing oldage home to ashramas for moksha. Yes! I have a dream, I saw a dream. I will wait with expectation

0 0 Dear PM, for this republic day my humble request with you is merge both Independence day & Republic Day and celebrate only once, thus save the tax payers money.  Since independence we are tired of hearing the name of cast everywhere, please try your best to remove the caste column from the next academic year from all the school and college admissions, later on extend it to the employments.The caste based reservation system to be eliminated and facilities to be given only based on financial stat

2 0 No holiday on26th January, but cleaning of work place / surrounding area. Only 30  minutes of  hosting flag ceremony. Payment of same day to be given to nation.  Amount to be tax free.

0 0 Diesel subsidy should be paid directly to public transport operators and agriculturists to stop misuse by other consumers like cars and diesel generator sets

1 0 attached file is my submmission

0 1 My Suggestions for Budget 2017 PART 1

0 0 Republic is most important and effective for indian. my constitution active 26 january 1950 then we indian living a legal life and careful life. my constitution is very best in other books.....we learn constitution maker on republic day and i appeal to government and indian people all work done according to constitution.

0 0 Where's my Indian mat from Amazon for republic day? why would a western world leading country do that?
Many newspapers reported Christians been attacked in India. The reporters also conveniently mentioned that India has 80% Hindus is the very next line. Media like this incites violence.
Had I not been in India, and seen the compassionate people of India... I would have also believed what foreign media had thrown at me!
The reason of spreading Misleading info was for NGOsponsorship BMKJ

0 0 We the people of Odisha really in pain with lots of issues not supporting the common mass ,only the agenda were released for vote banking,especially myself a private lecturer and teach last 20 years without salary,and the nasty word BLOCKGRANT for the lecturers is only in Odisha,by which we penalised and ruined our future as well as unable to maintain our family,so in coming republic day-2017 prime minister must reform the ugly issue and save the state as well as nation.its my hope on Modi Ji.

0 0 I appeal because for woman's safety because I want my country's women to be safe. They should not remain on the mercy of the helping hand, which most of the time not available at the time of incidence.

0 0 I hereby appeal to our honourable PM to please empower women by way of martial art training. Let these male chauvinist get to learn. Once the women start defencing themselves, the instances of molestation, rapes, etc are bound to decline. The trainers would also get respected employment for a short period or whatever govt decides. These trainers shall be hired by govt. Training centres shall be run by govt. Even in schools & colleges, the trainers fees be reimbursed by govt to the institutes.

0 0 The sorry state of woman safety is emerging every minute in every nook and corner of our country. I feel, with every other measure that would be taken, government should make mandatory (compulsory) for every Indian female to learn some kind of martial art. This would empower them to resist & fight back. This could be done by way of making compulsory periods in a week in schools & colleges. The home makers, middle age women should learn it through dedicated training centres of govt of India.

0 0 Republic day Camp New Delhi 1970

0 0 http://sushantade.blogspot.in/2015/01/memory-of-republic-day-camp-of-ncc...

0 0 HAPPY REPUBLIC DAY IN ADVANCED ..........

0 0 India is facing Emergent in Election Reformation
Now it becomes an emergent to make sure a significant reformation in the Indian Election pattern. BY the time has passed, earmarking discrepancies has been started arising in the Election Cycle starting from Nomination, Campaign, Voting and then Ruling of the Party after deceleration of results. Its Alas, that our Political Parties has been conferred to so many liberation in terms of their core working and its accountability.

0 0 जन गण मन... सम्पूर्ण गीत...

2 0 I request PM should avoid mocking of opposition leaders particularly Rahul Gandhi. It doesn't suits the stature of a PM of India. When he speaks, he represent Indian PM post in India and abroad. So people of India expect it's PM should be matured. PM can give befitting reply to he allegations or queries in logical manner but not in a mocking style. It does not gone well with common Indians.

0 0 THE MAHARASHTRA GOVERNMENT ANNOUNCES RS 50 CR BUDGET FOR FOOD PROCESSING SECTOR UNDER AGRICULTURAL MINISTRY BUT TILL NOW SINGLE RS IS NOT RELEASED
THE NATIONAL MISSION FOR FOOD PROCESSING IS DELINKED FROM CENTRAL GOVERNMENT BUT ADVIISED STATE GOVERNMRNT TO CONTINUE IT FROM 12TH FIVE YEAR PLAN RESOURCES

3 0 Dear Sir,
my suggestions for union budget
1.Make marriage register is compulsory in CMC and gramapampnchayath in rural areas.certificate to be issued.
2.All marriages above 10Lacs is covers unduer income tax for the same.
3.Special fund to be allotted fo mass marriages done in mutts,temples,provide free transportation,free clothes, mangalsutra,incentives etc.
4.Make strong punishment for taking dowry in.Any form.make suitable rules for both sides.
Thanking you sir,

1 0 Dear Sir,
my suggestions for union budget
1.Make marriage register is compulsory in CMC and gramapampnchayath in rural areas.certificate to be issued.
2.All marriages above 10Lacs is covers unduer income tax for the same.
3.Special fund to be allotted fo mass marriages done in mutts,temples,provide free transportation,free clothes, mangalsutra,incentives etc.
4.Make strong punishment for taking dowry in.Any form.make suitable rules for both sides.
Thanking you sir,

0 0 I always watched the republic day parade with great happiness .I wish i could see  it directly

0 0 Happy republic day to all ina advanace.
Wo don't have to forget the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters coz of which we  sleep at night peacefully .We can enjoy a freedom life.
Government  should focus  on armed forces.I feel very bad by hearing a news that one army man is complaining about the food providef to them.
Further they should be  equipped with latest technology of weapons.
Thankuou.

1 0 26 january ke din garib loko ke garibi ka aajadi ka din manana chahiye. hamare des me har gav me kam se kam 1 mandir to hota hi he.pm aapko ye yojna lani chahiye k jisse jo mandir is yojna me agree ho vo sb us gav k jo garib log he unko food provide kare. agar aesa hota he to garibi 2400 kelari k hisab se definatly kam hogi.log isme donation b de sakte he.log inspire hoke pese denge .aesi koi yojna lani chahiye. we respect you pm.jay hind .

0 0 They need to be provided with proper protective gears to deal
with harsh weather conditions that they encounter in high
altitude mountain regions and other tough terrains. They need to
be provided with proper shelters, camps and bunkers that are
built with high quality materials that provide necessary safety
and protection. They should not be a soft target for enemies.
We are proud of our armed forces and let us salute them for
the sacrifices they make to keep the country safe and secure.

0 0 I think govt. Should announce these days like 26 January, 15 August as holy day instead of holiday specially for the students because most of the students have no idea about these days even I don't know the importance of these days perfectly. So I suggest that Govt. Should arrange a seminar or showing patriotic video every school such that students can get enthusias about patriot and love India from their core of heart.
JAY HIND
BANDEMATARAM

0 0 During School life upto class X 10-15 days earlier than scheduled Republic day and independence day of our beloved country we, students and teachers of School, were preparing jhanki, parade 2nd half of school hour to make our School winner of that year best in that year. it was revolutionary freedom fighter Chandra shekhar Azad, Subash chandra Bose thrilled us most. after coming from Republic day celebration we watched republic day jhanki on Doordarshan TV. we feel very proud on that day.

0 0 It is a delight to watch the national flag been unfurled and
be part of the singing of our national anthem. We must always
remember the sacrifices made by our armed forces to defend our
borders and their tireless effort to keep our country safe and
secure enabling us to sleep peacefully and safely in the nights
while they stay awake and vigilant to protect the citizens.
Needless to say, they need to be properly equipped with high
quality weapons and protective gears matching current need.

0 0 Let me begin by wishing my citizens a happy republic day.
I have been watching republic day parade live telecast for
more than two decades now. Every year, it has been unique
display of our military powers of our armed forces. It is
great to watch march past as well as fly past of our air force
and other military equipment displays. It is a proud moment
to watch parade of various units of army. The display of tanks
and missiles is a great treat to watch. I am proud of our armed
forces.

0 0 Firstly I will like to wish all our country people - "Happy Republic Day". We should learn from our Honorable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiji for trying hard to keep India Corruption Free, trying to overcome all the obstacles.

1 0 A tribute to PM Modi.... for his incredible fight against corruption -
सुन भ्रष्टता अब जंग भरे बाजार होगी ।
मैं हारूँ या जीतूँ तेरी ही हार होगी ।।
षड्यंत्र का कलरव न कहीं गुंजित होगा।
घूसखोरी का धन ना कहीं पुंजित होगा।।...
ईमानदारी ही अब जीत की हक़दार होगी ।
 मैं हारूँ या जीतूँ तेरी ही हार होगी ।।
Lav Gaur

0 0 As connected/United we are across the nation people power increases along with development of the nation

0 0 India me people Prime Minister ke kehne se pehle e unki mann ki baat ko samjte hue kam krte hai, see attachment cash less awareness from 2015

0 0 Yes!I proudly feel that "We the People of India" have made an impact on the world today. However, a lot more powerful is yet to be done. The eradication of black money and menace of spurious currency linked with various other illicit activities must be dealt with firmly. A thorough cleansing and flushing amalgamated with sanitization of the system are the need of time. The bold and historic step of the government should be augmented further. Common people will fully support it.

0 0 Very first I wish great National Youth Day (NYD) to be celebrated on 12th Jan-17 to every single Indian & our great PM, Republic day is great day as we celebrate with positive zeal. On republic day also Prime Minister should give inspiring lecture like independence Day.India is going in right Direction under our great prime minister leadership. We are very fortunate that we have leader like Shri Namoji.He should remain prime Minister of India atleast for 15 years.I wish Best & Enthusiastic R.D.

1 0 See attachment

