29 0 Respected P.M. modi ji I am an Assistant Professor in Private Engineering College. I would like to discuss about Energy saving initiative by technical colleges and universities. I would like to suggest AICTE and govt. of India to instruct every colleges and universities to replace their old devices into LED based devices for energy saving. I would like to also suggest AICTE & Govt. of india to give all colleges  2-3 yrs time for Establishment of solar panel for alternative energy sources on the top of their building. so that they can set up the example of fully solar power based institution like Kochi airport. Implementing such rules can save thousands mega watt of electricity. tabhi to "Digital Banega India". 
1 0 AICTE is unable to provide funds to institutes.M.tech stipends which were hiked in December 14 has not been submitted to students. 
9 0 AICTE have been failed to check fraud institutions. These institutions freely advertise in newspaper etc. If government thinks that putting list of fraud institutions on Internet will help they have wrongly assessed. There should be strict vigil and tough enforcement measures to save students. 
9 0 #skillindia #universityofindianarmedforces dear PM SIR, I am writing you to highlight the atrocities to the serving sailors,soldiers,airmen. They all are recruited and trained in their allotted trades by the defence. But the biggest irony is that none of the courses and training  offered are recognised by the UGC nor these are affiliated to any university. So the highly trained and skilled jawan when retires at an early age of32-35 years, his qualification is nil. He gets nothing. My request to you is that A UNIVERSITY OF DEFENCE BE ESTABLISHED just as #raksashaktiuniversity established by our beloved PM in Gandhinagar. This historic move will place our government back into the hearts of the jawans. A bad image of our PM has been created by some rogue elements on OROP issue. The jawans retiring after 15 years of more are being given some funny 'equavalant to graduation' certificate which has no educational value. Jawans are being cheated by the officers so that they will not face competition from them in higher posts after retirement. To cover all this up,  jawans pre release courses offered but they too are of no educational value. Retiring Officers are offered courses in IIMs an IITs. The jawans re allotted hair cutting technology course. 
4 0 LEAVE THE OROP FOR OFFICERS - LET US READ THIS INTERESTING ESSAY ON LEADERSHIP BELOW OFFICER LEVEL Leadership Below Officer Level in the Indian Armed Forces* By Captain Balamurugan R Subbu** ?Leadership is a complex phenomenon, leaders are both born and made, but mostly made.? General George S. Patton Jr.1 Introduction The above quote reveals complexity of the leadership phenomenon. It is a phenomenon which comprises various personality traits like bearing, courage, decisiveness, endurance and initiative etc. Modern psychology claims that different personality traits are responsible for various types of leadership. These traits cannot be analysed in isolation. Blending them leads to an overall leadership style. A widely accepted definition of leadership describes it as ?an act of conducting, guiding and persuading?. It has been recognised that for one man to obey another with some enthusiasm, there ought to be something in common. Any individual from a group can become a leader subject to a chance given to him. It is a proven fact that these traits always form part of the overall personality of an individual. These inherent traits in a person can always be improved upon and brought out by regular training. 2 Till recently, in the Indian Armed Forces it was a moot point that we do not have able leadership below officer level. During the period from 2000 to 2010, when induction into the officer cadre was short by 20 per cent, this weak link in our junior military leadership was identified clearly. Today,when the Armed Forces are facing shortage of young officers, do we have sufficient leaders below officer level? With the severe shortage of young officers ? in units/ sub units, can we continue to employ young officers to perform all minor tasks? Why can we not employ Non Commissioned Officers (NCOs) and Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs) instead, to perform these routine tasks confidently? To find an answer to this question, we need to carry out a systemic introspection. The quality of leadership below officer level is very crucial for the Armed Forces. The burden of work on young officers can be reduced by employing JCOs / NCOs for routine duties? which would relieve them for employment in more complex tasks. This essay explores the answers to the above questions. Role of Senior NCOs and JCOs.? The British Indian Army was led by British officers to uphold loyalty to the British Crown. But, the personnel below officer rank (PBOR), the natives of India, were separated from the British officers by language, socioeconomic status, local customs and life style. To bridge this gap the British Army felt the need of having junior leaders of similar background as the natives. They were entrusted with some additional authority to command and control a group of soldiers during operations and peace time. In 1929-30, they were given the status of ?below officer rank?, but above the natives. The authority and powers of these junior leaders were not laid down in any manuals / documents. British officers in command (in field) were privileged to employ these junior leaders according to the situation. After 1947, the Indian Army retained the same colonial concept. It is true that the existing system is time proven and won laurels in the past operations. But, the system has failed to adjust with the changing environment. What are the factors that have led to this situation? Do our JCOs and NCOs have the ability to take decisions in dire situations? Do we impart adequate training to them to carry additional responsibilities, distinctly apart from the tasks given to them in the colonial days? Do we impart training during induction period to enhance their utility commensurate with their ability and potential? The answers to these questions would mostly be ?No?. Apart from these factors the system has some inherent weaknesses. Weaknesses. Inherited perception and thinking led to notable neglect in upgrading the standard of leadership training of PBOR. This weakness needed more attention, especially after Kargil War. Following weaknesses have inhibited the growth of leadership qualities in PBOR : (a) Age factor of JCOs. (b) Levels of education and intelligence. (c) Limited exposure to various situations in initial years of training and service. (d) Aiming for personal benefits from higher authorities. (e) Introducing regionalism, nepotism and favouritism. (f) ?Chalta hai? and ?Sahab se pucho? attitude i.e. avoiding excellence and responsibility. (g) Fear of being looked down upon among colleagues and losing face. Organisational factors which have contributed to these weaknesses are discussed in the succeeding paragraphs. A. Intake Standard.? Since Independence enrolment of the Other Ranks (OR) in the Armed Forces are based on recruitment rallies and drives. No test to evaluate the qualities of character and leadership of a recruit is conducted. Later, on becoming a NCO / JCO, the organisation expects him to display leadership qualities to meet varying situations? whereas, throughout his career these aspects are ignored. Then it becomes a herculean task to train the individual to imbibe the required qualities to reach the expected standard. B. Leadership Training in Service. This is an important facet of military training. Leadership training should start abinitio from the recruit training stage and it should continue to be upgraded at various stages in an OR?s career. Unfortunately, this aspect has been given very little attention and importance. C. Reluctance in Taking Decisions.? To keep their own tail clear, the PBOR always follow the principle of getting back to the immediate senior, whenever in doubt. They are unwilling to take minor decisions? and whenever they do, later they do not accept responsibility for the same. This aspect got highlighted very clearly while examining the incident, when in 2008, a JCO failed to save his ambulance from a mob in Jammu & Kashmir. Personal Factors. As per Freud?s Theory in Psychology, every individual has some personality traits which control his behaviour in day to day life. If an individual?s character and integrity are questioned, as a matter of rule, then he cannot become a successful leader among his subordinates. The recent developments in society have produced varying effects on the character of an individual. These trends have not spared the Armed Forces as well. The Armed Forces have not modified the system to check and balance the effects of these social trends, and the responsibility to keep his image and integrity untarnished, is left to the individual. D. Centralisation of Responsibility.? As no mistakes are accepted by the higher echelons, various authorities at the middle level do not take any chances. Even for petty jobs an officer is detailed? although the same could be easily done by a NCO / JCO. It leads to lowering of morale of both the officers and the men. A leader below officer level is not even allowed functional independence to carry out his task. To reach the stage of combat decisionmaking in war? a section/platoon commander (which essentially implies a NCO/JCO) has to learn to take decisions during peace time soldiering. Due to dilution of authority and overcentralisation of responsibility, JCOs / NCOs get into the habit of looking over their shoulders all the time. E. Curbing Initiative.? Initiative is the essence of a leader?s character. This quality, amongst other important factors, helps him to come out with innovative ideas. There is a growing tendency in the officer cadre to curb the initiative of NCOs / JCOs. The NCOs and JCOs need to be groomed in a planned and progressive manner by decentralisation of responsibility. Rigid Frame of Mind. It is said that to get an old idea out is more difficult than to introduce a new idea. The present higher echelon officers (because during their younger days the strength of officers was sufficient) believe that no OR can be a good leader. Some of them believe that only officers should be employed to accomplish all tasks. This thinking has led to neglect of the idea of imparting leadership training to NCOs and JCOs. Remedial Measures Reorientation of Leadership Training. Today, employment of Armed Forces is not limited to conventional war situations only. Their commitment in internal peacekeeping, counterinsurgency and low intensity conflicts etc. has grown over a period of time. Due to shortage of young officers and unsatisfactory state of leadership standard amongst NCOs and JCOs, it would be difficult for the Armed Force to perform their enhanced tasks/role with required efficiency. Since officers would not be available to take decisions everywhere, NCOs and JCOs have to be trained to take vital decisions at lower levels of leadership. To meet this requirement leadership training for junior leaders below officer level needs modification and reorientation by initiating following measures:? (a) Recruitment Procedure. Evaluation of a large number of recruits for assessing leadership qualities is a difficult task. The present recruitment procedure should include a simple psychological test to identify key leadership traits. Result of this test, in the Record of Service, would later help in selection of right individuals for nurturing leadership qualities during their service career. (b) Induction Level Training. Result of psychological test should be used as a base during initial training at the basic training establishments. Firstly, a discreet check on character and leadership traits should be maintained during this phase of their training. Thereafter, the parent units should take on the responsibility of guiding individual soldiers to attain their full leadership potential. (c) NCO Level Training. During the initial stage of training in the units, periodical review of leadership traits should be conducted. These reviews should highlight the positive and negative character traits clearly. At the end of about 10 years service, a formal training capsule on leadership training should be conducted to select NCOs for training at regimental centres. They should also be tested at various levels of responsibility like detachment, section and platoon. These evaluations could help in ascertaining the level of responsibility that can be given to individuals. Suitable candidates should be subjected to section / platoon level tactical exercises. Successful NCOs should be screened to assess their eligibility for promotion to the JCO rank. (d) JCO Level Training.? When a NCO becomes a JCO, he generally experiences a period of stagnancy in his career. At this stage, he is neither part of a working party nor is he a working party commander. Therefore, in day to day functioning he needs to be given more responsibility, as this will give him confidence to shoulder bigger responsibilities, both, in peace time duties and as a leader during operations. On becoming a JCO, he needs training capsules on leadership so that he keeps abreast with the newly commissioned officers. Officers with adequate maturity and experience should guide the JCOs to become better leaders. Role of Senior NCO / JCO ?No man is a leader until his appointment is ratified in the minds and hearts of his men?. ? DAG Hammarksjold The responsibilities of a NCO and JCO should be defined in doctrines / pamphlets of the Armed Forces.? These should be followed in letter and spirit at unit / sub unit level. The employability of a NCO/JCO, to take on the duties / responsibilities of a young officer, should be increased. This would encourage him to take decisions more confidently. Any person who fails to meet these responsibilities should be identified, and counselled to show improvement in a given time frame, failing which he should be wasted out to maintain functional efficiency of the organisation. Knowledge and Exposure.? In modern society, anyone who selects Armed Forces as a career is well informed and educated. As he moves ahead in service and gets promoted as a NCO / JCO, he tends to ignore the importance of knowledge to develop his leadership qualities. Competence comes with knowledge because experience alone does not make a man to grow to his full potential. A NCO / JCO should be given adequate opportunities to improve knowledge relevant to his service and trade. He should be encouraged to keep abreast with the younger generation by being open to new ideas. This would enhance his ability and confidence to work with subordinates. Even as a young jawan he should be exposed to take right decisions in complex situations, as part of a detachment to carry out important tasks. This methodology will pave the way for developing his leadership qualities. Appraisal System.? The appraisal system for NCO / JCO in vogue needs revision to meet future requirements. New features should be included to evaluate his character, professional acumen, level of initiative, willingness to take responsibility and other desired ibutes. The officer cadre should ensure that the new appraisal system is fair and judicious. Role of Young Officers.? When a young officer joins the unit from the academy his interaction with men starts through NCOs and JCOs. They help him to understand the men who will follow his command in peace and war. He should establish a positive rapport with them and take care not to hurt their emotions through immature conduct on his part. Young officers should understand that the NCOs and JCOs have spent most part of their lives in the Armed Forces and are a reservoir of inherited military wisdom. He should, therefore, endeavour to help them to become good leaders by entrusting them with more responsibility. Officers critical appraisal should be directed to reinforce the confidence of a NCO / JCO. Middle level leadership in the Armed Forces should give adequate freedom to NCOs/ JCOs to perform their duties confidently. Comparison with Other Armies In modern armies the concept of having competent NCOs has survived? but the concept of JCO has met with moderate success. The systems being followed in some foreign armies are enumerated below : (a) The US Armed Forces.? Comparing the United States (US) Army with Indian Armed Forces would be an inaccurate hypothesis. 1. In the US Army the role of NCOs in combat is vital. As a young NCO, he is given responsibility equal to, if not more, than our JCOs. 2. The NCO would be assessed for this on various occasions (to reach this level in his unit /sub unit). 3. His position is quite well defined in the organisation, alongwith his role, responsibilities and duties.4. The JCO like appointments in the US Armed forces are more at the formation and administrative level. The percentage of such appointments are very low in comparison to the Indian Armed Forces. (b) Armed Forces of NATO Nations. Being a forerunner to the Indian Armed Forces, most of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) nations are still following the concept of JCO rank. Functioning and grooming aspects of their leaders below officer levels are very concisely explained in their tactical / operational doctrines. Studying these concepts indicate where we have failed in our Armed Forces. (c) Singapore Armed Forces (SAF). SAF may be smaller in size? but, there are some aspects which we need to learn from them for betterment of our Armed Forces. In SAF the concept of JCO is given very less weightage. Induction of NCOs in SAF starts with a ?Reasoning and Psychological Test? at the age of 17 to 19 years. After selection they attend three years Graduation Programme in Defence Institutes. These NCOs, being backbone of SAF, become ?Specialists? or ?Subject Matter Experts? (SME) on completion of studies. These SMEs are young in age with high potential and are able to carry out all kind of tasks during operations and peace time. After 10 years of physical service SMEs are promoted to the rank of Warrant Officers (WOs) who are equivalent to our JCOs. On becoming WOs, they are mostly employed in administrative duties? unlike the Indian Armed Forces where a JCO is expected to lead a platoon in battle. This system in SAF ensures that an NCO is competent, intelligent and young to lead a platoon during operations. Recommendations The modern warfare is characterised by small detachment actions in specific tactical situations. In the prevalent system in the Indian Armed Forces, where the average age of JCOs is 3840 yrs, they would not be able to cope with the physical requirements of modern warfare. To that extent, existing system needs to be amalgamated with a new system. The salient features of the proposed new cadre are as under : (a) Age Profile. Age profile of NCO/ JCO needs to be reduced to meet the basic requirements of modern warfare. With the reduction in age profile an NCO /JCO will be high in receptivity and more confident in taking additional responsibility to lead a detachment in peace and war. (b) Formation of a New Cadre. Apart from the present JCO / NCO cadre, an additional stream of direct JCO / NCO cadre needs to be formed. (c) Basic structure of the New Cadre would be as follows: Features of the Proposed New Cadre. (i) Educational qualification for the New Cadre would be 10 + 2 with preferably Diploma in Arts / Commerce / Technical field (specialisation). (ii) Psychological test to be conducted during recruitment.? (iii) Grooming and on the job training be given for six months at unit / sub unit level. (iv) Younger age profile increases the employability in various conditions for an NCO. He is more flexible and receptive during initial military training. (v) On completion of 10 years of physical service NCOs should be given an option to either go out of service or to get promoted to JCO rank (through selection). (vi) Younger JCOs (30 to 32 yrs) would be more capable than the existing JCOs. As a JCO with a younger age profile, the individual would be available to the organisation for more than 10 years. (vii) The present ratio of JCOs in the Indian Armed Forces may be reduced. Their employability should be more in administrative than operational roles in the units. (viii) After 15 years of physical service as a JCO, he may be sent on retirement at the age of 4245 years or seconded to Para Military or Central Police Forces. Conclusion The NCOs and JCOs in future need to be broadminded: having depth in character, being tough, competent, better in man management, well informed and balanced in thinking. These qualities would help them to provide better leadership at the lower levels in modern warfare conditions. The need today is to identify the weaknesses, short falls and problem areas in leadership training of our PBOR. My intention in this essay is neither to project a bleak picture nor to raise an alarm about the lack of leadership qualities of NCOs and JCOs. The need of the hour is to have professional soldiers? who are competent, willing to take on responsibility and do not have ?followers? attitude of ?sahab se pucho?. There is a definite need for reforming the system? else it may lead to failures during the hours of crises and need. This weak link has the possibility of remaining unnoticed during peace time but would get highlighted during operations. Such changes are not possible in a short time frame of one or two years. A clear plan and road map should be prepared so that we have combat ready Armed Forces, befitting our aspirations to be a great power. Endnotes This article has been printed from website of United Services Institution (USI) of India on 18/08/15 at 13:13 IST. It can be directly accessed on Internet at [http://www.usiofindia.org/Article/?]. USI of India can be contacted at: Rao Tula Ram Marg (Opposite Signals Enclave) Post Bag No 8, Vasant Vihar PO, New Delhi  110 057 Telephone: +91 11 2614 6755/56, 2614 8682 Fax: +91 11 2614 9773 Website: [http://www.usiofindia.org] Copyright ? 2010. All rights reserved. The United Service Institution of India. Website designed, developed and maintained by  Consultancy Services. [http://www.procs.in] 1. Dr Rakesh Khurana of Harvard Business School as quoted in his research work ?Handbook of Leadership Theory and Practice?. 2. ibid. 3. ?Field Manual  Army Regulation?,?www.usmilitary.about.com.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. 4. ibid. 5. ?Organisation  UK & NATO Army?, www.?en.wikipedia.org.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. 6. ?Command Structure?,?http://www.mindef.gov.sg.?Accessed on 10 August 2011. * This article won the First Prize in Group ?B?: Open to officers upto 10 years of service. ** Captian Balamurugan R Subbu was commissioned into Central India Horse on 22 September 2007. Presently, he is Second in Command, 2 Independent Armoured Squadron. Journal of the United Service Institution of India, Vol. CXLI, No. 588, AprilJune 2012. 8/18/2015 USI of India | An article by USI http://www.usiofindia.org/Article/Print/??2/4 
0 3 ????? ????? ???? ?? ?????? ?? ???????? ???? ?????? ??????  ???? ????? ??????????? ??? ?????? ?? ?????? ???????? ??? ????? ??? ????? ?? ????? ???????? ?? ????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ?? ?????? ??????? 
4 0 Requesting to bring all pvt. computer education centers societies under technical affiliation. huge amount of millions of Indian wasted due to private jobs. people can't apply in govt. service reason its not approved by any of govt. technical affiliation. yes they are giving good support socialy but financially institution owner will get millionaire. diploma holders has to suffer a lot. plz think about this. if this reform will come it will support for digital India... Jai Bharat. 
1 0 sir results Iti should be declared as soon as possible ...our education department nt declaring in time..so lots of students are having many problem... plz sir do something... 
1 0 start from 5th class some creativity and practical maximum 30% of school time spend on game,practical and creativity 
11 3 Today really happy and feeling proud to see today's news paper. Allahabad courts decision for education policy from next session. for all govt employees to teach their children in govt school compulsorily. This will definitely change scenario of education in India. I gave this suggestion last year to PM here itself on my gov. Happy to see that our ideas are implemented in some way. Thanks Sir. Proud member of Team India. 
6 0 I'm also a college going student. I think that we can add one thing in the practical session and in labs, is we should start a projects in each n every lab using the lab instruments and the practical knowledge which we takes from the lab..then practical knowledge increases day by day in the students. why we do a project in 4th yr.we do practicals in every year.. thank you........ 
22 1 Students don't take interest in attending the classes because the syllabus and the mode of delivering the lectures is quite boring. Teachers just come and dictate or just write on board and just go. To make better engineers, students must be shown the practical things and they must do their own research. 
8 0 Updated knowledge and advanced technology will affect the technical field.So, remove the old syllabus or statergy of education and go through the latest technologies. 
2 0 Small and Medium Industries like to recurit Diploma holders than B.E graduates. It is better to start petty shop than study and become Engineers. Total waste time and Money for doing B.E in Engineering Colleges. 
16 0 I like to know the value of our engineers in india. AICTE is the most corrupt Insistutions in india. Medium industries recurting one or two engineers. But Some many Engineering Colleges in india without proper facilities. Even PANI PURI WALA earning/day is Much more money than Engineers having more experience in their field. 
3 0 I see serious flaws in the AICTE committee suggestions, Here are my opinions. 
2 1 Dear sir please make bank loan easier for entrepreneurs so that they can easily establish a company 
2 0 Dear Sir, we the students of post graduate from Sant Longowal College of Engineering and Technology, longowal, sangrur Punjab(under Ministry of HRD) are facing problems of receiving our stipend  (Rs 12400) from past four months ,and the increased amount of stipend from RS 4400 from the month of december has not yet been received .We are facing problem in paying fees and managing our daily needs due to this. we would request you to please make the process of transfer of stipend monthly. 
3 0 Skill Development has to be accelerated in India to give employment to youth, whic can be achieved rapidly by  quality Technical education in online/blending and distance mode to achieve career development of ITI passed and Diploma passed students/working persons, unless this is done , no parent/student will be willing to join ITI or Diploma courses and without them we cannot build India or Make in India.Without skilled&supervisory personel engineers& managers have no jobs.Discard AICTE report 
0 0 Please  reject the committee report on AICTE and consider abolishing AICTE and giving the responsibility of regulating and promoting Technical  and Management education to UGC/Technical Universities/National Higher Education Authority.Please consider giving grant only to IGNOU,YMCOU,Institution of Engineers-India  etc as they are capable of ensuring quality online Technical & Managerial education which enhances Mass skill development Entry to Engineering  to be only after ITI and Diploma pass. 
0 0 Constitution mandates Govt to take measures to ensure each citizen realises his full potential. AICTE has failed to promote Online and Distance Education in Engineering, which is hindering  skill development of Lakhs of Diploma Engineers, if UK,USA Universities offer high quality accredited Engineering and Management courses online, why cant India.Request Government not to give any more grant to regular Technical and Management education and to restrict grant to  ODL courses such as AMIE,IGNOU 
0 0 These recommendations are submitted by Khaitan & Co, New Delhi for AICTE's kind consideration. 
0 0 Dr Manoj Killedar the name of this NIT is NIT Hamirpur. Although the 75% attendance was adhered to very religiously, but since last 3 years there is this new low in operation. There is provision that the marks of the student will be deducted for having lower attendance but keeping the age of the students in mind such provisions do not serve as deterrent. 
0 0 AICTE do not have even official definition of quality of technical education. I got official RTI reply from AICTE regarding this. With this scenario how AICTE can ensure qualiy of tecnical education? 
1 0 Politicians education must be separated in order to build a healthy education system. The syllabus must be prepared with the help of successful professional in d respective field. So dat d student is employable. There must be a feedback system through which d university can directly get info abt d performance of the college.ther must be direct interaction between university and student so dat d university knows what malpractices occur in d new colleges 
0 0 The reservation should be only on the economic backgroun. Because intelligent students dont get recognised college due to reservation and management seats. They are forced to go to newly opened colleges.in my college pass out students from my class are appointed as professor in d same college. The rules regarding qualification of teachers must be strictly followed. There must be a IQ qualification exam for teachers which they must qualify to be able to teach. 
0 0 In technical education re lack a subject "Machine design" which tells how to make capital goods which serve the purpose of preparing other goods in a factory. We should learn in engineering how by applying knowledge of lathe machines, pulleys, keys, cotters, robotics, welding, casting dyeing, motors, crank shafts etc we can build machines which perform the job we want it to do. We have learnt about all these aspects separately but not how to collate this knowledge to build a machine. 
2 0 Availability of quality teachers is not the limiting factor but that they are being paid peanuts, especially in private institutions. The Govt should first clean up this by taking funds from pvt colleges and transferring to teachers account on behalf of the colleges. This has two advantages - Teacher gets his dues due to which he will perform to his fullest potential, this automatically takes care of quality teachers without any efforts on part of AICTE - AICTE has funds at its disposal 
0 0 Dear Sir, Please Create students such that, they become job creator rather than job Seeker once they come out from UG/PG, provide necessary workshop activity at the college level, still the mindset of students and parents are to create job seekers that has to change, Parents can crate such environment they can take  initiatives to create their child towards Job creaters, rather than job seekers. 
2 0 The report has not focused on converting the need for India to become a super power in trained technical manpower like what India  did in IT. The only way to do it and to implement the vision of our  PM is through total internationalization inviting foreign universities. Two way free movement of Universities and students is the only  way forward as commented in the attachment. 
0 0 Sir, A REVIEW OF ‘REPORT OF THE AICTE REVIEW COMMITTEE, 2015 - Technical Education in India A FUTURISTIC SCENARIO’ HAS BEEN CARRIED OUT & PL FIND ENCL. HEREWITH A PDF FILE ON THE SAME I.E. : REVIEW OF 'REVIEW REPORT OF AICTE REVIEW COMMITTE 2015'. The REVIEW REPORT contains: A.	12 Main / Key Takeaways of the Report B. 	A Technical & holistic view of ‘Review Report’ C. 	Conclusion D.      An Executive Summary / Key Points of Report – Chapter Wise – for any quick reference 
0 0 please retain AICTE for pharmacy courses in India 
0 0 AICTE shall come out with single entrance exam for all the courses under its purview for the whole Nation.  sick of seeing several entrance tests and the pressure on the tender minds.   we as adults have screwed up our education system in such a way that it is now producing the unemployable talent. It is apt to say that the current education system is converting the most potential, innocent and fresh minds into machine like minds. 
2 0 aicte  should check the quality of education regularly because in technical education skill learning is most important and many private institutes do not fulfill these but still they are operating them there is no action on them. suggestions from students must taken on what kind of problems they suffer. In case of punjab there are more than 100 such technical institutions but majority of them do not provide quality education and still nobaction against them so aicte should make bar on them 
2 0 मेरे आदरनीय प्रधानमंत्री मोदी  जी , सादर प्रणाम , मै आपका ध्यान अपने देश में चल रहे के ऐसे engginering collage के तरफ दिलाना चाहता हु , जो AICTC के अनुरूप अपना WORKSHOP LAB न बनाने के बाद भी अपना COLLAGE सुचारु रूप से चला रहे है , और प्रतेक साल AICTC से अपने collage का affliation renew करा रहे है । जो को student के हित में बिलकुल से भी नहीं है।। कृपया आप इस बारे में सोचे।।। धन्यवाद , 
0 0 The autonomy given to the institutions will not necessarily bring the miracles in the technical education. Already there is huge autonomy given to institutions like NIT's. It depends of the head of the institute how he steers the institutions. For example at one of the NIT's students even with 40% attendance are allowed to sit in the exams. 
1 0 There should be enough funds for the students to work on live projects and experiment with their ideas. For this we don't need any formal change in the set up. If the Heads of the Institutes want to do this it can be done right within the exiting norms and there is enough autonomy for this but no one works for this. 
1 0 To make the technical education best from Polytechnic level up to engineering colleges and NIT's there is need to give hand on training to the students. They need to work on live projects during their stay at these institutions. For example Civil engineering students can be involved in carious infrastructure related works which are being undertaken within the institute or in its vicinity.It will increase the learning many folds and the employability of the students will also be enhanced. 
0 0 The syllabus of engineering & in turn school education is too outdated and not in industry standard preventing easy job opportunities. There is no course on Mobile App development, basic programming languages for all departments, Computer aided design and programming for subjects of each engineering stream or tools with computer to help achieve global standards. Many students have to take up courses outside on own expenses. 
2 0 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it "free" under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode ! 
0 0 At the end of it it is the implementation of the exiting or any other format of rules which matters. All other things are excuses. Politicians work for country, Institutions work for country, leaders of Institutions work for country and inspire the whole faculty to work for country, CBI works for country. Any format of rule looses its purpose is any of these falls prey to individual needs and becomes narcissist and forgets the larger purpose of serving motherland. 
0 0 Internships are not mandatory in indian technical education leading to students not having any idea on the opportunities available. AICTE should work with colleges in recommending institutions for internships and also help collaborate in initial stages to benefit students in knowing industry standards. Currently the education and the industry standard are totally different leading to students spending money on bridge courses on own cost for jobs and survival. AICTE syllabus revamp needed. 
2 0 Many labs in engineering colleges immediately fine students when a lab component is burnt or issue during testing and students are trying new things. This habit has led to prevent students from trying new things and severely demotivated students to plainly follow text box or lab manual as such instead of trying new things. Foreign universities have enough equipment on each student desk for learning and students can try any circuit designing at will instead of going after lab instructions. 
1 0 Many engineering colleges in tamilnadu use their old students to directly work for them. The rule has to be modified to say that a student of the same colleges cannot be assigned for a period of 1 year post completion to prevent malpractice at college level assigning B.E staff to take classes. M.E and phd must be made basic level for teaching classes. B.E staff are used by some rural engineering colleges and many are aware of the same. 
2 0 AICTE hasnt performed duties to enable best technical education growth instead it has just focussed on providing approvals for engineering colleges based on normal standards. We have not yet adopted international standards. If we need to achieve greater heights we need to set standards for technical education at a lower double of countries like Germany, UK, USA to help students achieve great feats. 
1 0 Only single apex education controlling authority like UGC / AICTE should do: (1) Permanent Exam Centers (EC), which are owned & operated directly by AICTE, @ 1 EC initially in each Region, afterwards in each District, afterwards in each Tehsil. (2)Any University / Board may offer On-Demand On-Line Examinations at any EC for any chosen suitable subject (3) Student from any University or Board may appear for On-Demand On-Line Examination for one or more chosen subject from above at any EC 
1 0 Out of NITs 13 persons appeared for their views. Out of 30 NIT's about 26 do not have the regular registrars which is a statutory post. There are acting registrars only and the directors are not filling the posts to maintain complete centralization. To make fun of the system the post is advertised but the interviews are not conducted. Director NITH has advertised this post for three times already. It is overt violation of NIT Act and Statutes NITs which are institutions of national importance. 
0 0 There is need to consolidate the feeling of nationalism in the leaders of these institutions. Nothing else is required. Most of the leaders of these institutions become monarchs and exceeds the limits of law and rules. They go beyond it and encroach upon the fundamental rights of people by not being completely unbiased. Most of them create groups and misuse the system for there own ends. 
0 0 After going through the report of the Review Committee I would like to submit that (1)The status of the technical education is that the institutions are running without teachers, without the required labs, and at many places there are not even regular classes. Who is responsible? I would say had AICTE not been under CBI, no one can imagine the level to which technical education would have sunk. The observation of the review committee regarding CBI is an insult to the agency. 
2 0 Dear Sir, One straight forward question all officials. Who are the engineers able to work after there b.tech without training? At Least they need 6 months to one year training Here we are already working professionals want to pursue higher education through sources like AMIE as we cannot quite our jobs and study for 4 years. We are already trained and experienced in our disciples then why you are hesitant to provide is higher education through distance mode? 
1 0 With Information Technology in place and various options are now available, and new more effective technology will be available in future, there should not be distinction like formal education & distance education. Practical component, hands-on experience is important part in technical education. There should be centers/industries that will provide the infrastructure for performing practical, exploring ideas, getting hands-on experience either by charging the students or by offering earn & learn 
0 0 Civil society srinagar  has taken a serious note of negligent approach of jk government, jk Education department as it fails to come up with short list of those candidates who have applied for accountant ,Je ,resource teachers and class iv posts under serva shiksha abhyan (SSA) scheme in 2014 .Despite lapse of two years the department is paying no heed to the issue and is least bothered about the wastage of precious time and burning issue like un- employment.This is the final intimation to the Jk government,jk Education department in this regarding to settle the issue within two weeks time otherwise be ready to face the legal way. (CIVIL SOCIETY SRINAGAR ) 
0 0 Dear sir,, After reading a report I am pleased to see the contents, SWOT analysis of AICTE and all suggestions.. But proper implementation is very important.. The state government implement the AICTE initiated scheme their way,  Please see the attachments for details.. Hopes you will read it.. 
1 0 AICTE is like a YOJNA AAYOG just abolished 
2 0 Without investigate open university system MHRD force to stop the courses in technical mode but after Prof.Kaw  first time investigate IGNOU and appreciate working of IGNOU offering program through distance mode .But are Many fly back praetors of Distance Tecnical education like AMIE ,JRN ,IASE Due to which Distance technical education is under question 
3 0 This is our humble request to our present Government that please look into it as this is serious because it is affecting many lives. We are students and we consider it our right to get educated through traditional or open universities and earn for us. AICTE should be scrapped for good. Instead make degrees given by open universities like YCMOU, IGNOU valid and thus help save lacs of students lives. The quality of education provided by YCMOU is no less that conventional universities.Can't you see 
0 0 even the iit's donot have proper faculty, forget other colleges, unless u get faculty from abroad and get fdi in education we will never improve in even next 100 years 
2 0 please scrap it like planning commision, it is full of corruption and money is paid by the sub standard private colleges to take the affiliation , see the standard of college education 
0 0 WE ALSO FEEL PROUD THAT INDIA IS THE BEST FOR IT.  YES CERTAINLY IF YOU USE THE HIGHEST TALENTS AND MAKE THEM DO A SIMPLE JOB, WE WILL CERTAILY DO BETTER. THIS IS TOTAL EXPLOITATION OF THE TALENTS BY IT COMPANIES. IT COMPANIES INCREASED THE TRADE, BUT IT HAS AFFECTED THE GROWTH OF OTHER BUSINESS. 
0 0 We use the most talented people for a simple IT job.  Theoretical qualification is just 12th std, because what ever engineering course you do , you can get employed and you can do well in the job. BUT IT IS A PITY all great talents are wasted in IT sector.  BUT WE NEED REALLY GOOD PEOPLE IN MANUFATURING.  THIS HAS CREATED A VACUUM FOR THE PAST 15 TO 20 YEARS. 
0 0 We have increased no of engineering colleges that means many students will get to study.This will certainly degrade the knowledge level. IT companies are the main reasons for the down trend in manufacturing quality.  All highly qualified engineers were attracted to IT which does not require so much talent. It is just a coding job. 
2 0 AICTE should resolve this issue at the earliest because it is an issue of thousands of students who are suffering and their career is swinging like pendulum. HRD , sixteen, ignou and the Railway Board should take a single step towards the resolution of this matter. 
2 0 Govt should clarify that why they started the open learning universities in India like IGNOU and others. The main aim to give a platform to those who couldn't complete their education due to high education fee or early joining in a job. I've completed Diploma in Mechanical engineering from IGNOU, a central university, but my employer i.e. Indian Railways not accepting this at any cost whereas UGC and HRD have adviced to do so. But Railway Board is not agree. The main culprit is AICTE. 
2 0 Colleges are making advertisement saying AICTE approved but what they give students...even they r not getting teachers who can solve their problems,mostly staff r filled by political background,now if selection process is compromised then who is going to teach,teachers r all BE students,ME students mostly fresher's with no teaching experience,if u c how they teaches in classroom,their body language ,then its joke on engg part....no cognitive,no psychometric ,no effect ...just reading ppts..😞 !! 
3 0 Firstly the govt. have to ban the reservation and cotas to make education a partiality free system.The govt. makes injustice with the general catagory students by giving reservation and cotas to SC and ST students. Because there should be place for hard work and competetion in education and ban the caste and creed system in a spiritual temple like education atleast. 
2 0 AICTE UGC DEC  Different body only  hindrance for students so make an arrengement like industrialists single window system for students and educationa institutions. use digital india no need of aicte like authorit. use of digital india platform to enhenceeducation system and monitor through the pepope by the people 
3 0 AICTE APPROVED tag can be seen on board of every collefe providing technical education. but its a big dhame that The AICTE APPROVED the tag which shoul have been the surity of good technical education is just a tagline which college do just for a formality. where is the criteria or requirements for a technical institution to be AICTE APPROVED what is the criteria to check the quality of research and education going on in.institution.  yes I know on papers there are many but in reality all is money game. a pool or a game if corruption . can government give guarantee that all the AICTE APPROVED institutions have all the necessary technological facilities and exposire of students absolutely no because AICTE APPROVED.  IS JUST A TAG. BUT FOR FUTURE OF STUDENTSVIT HAVE TO BE A QUALITY DETERMINER.  I am saying these because there are many AICTE APPROVED institutions whose productivity is as low as 6%.  a huge challenge for education system 
0 0 Research Methodology & correct way of approaching problems in a scientific manner must be inculcated in children from school stage, only then original research will happen, else our youth will keep falling prey to "google-cut, copy paste" syndrome. Every student must produce an original research paper following correct processes. All teachers in professional colleges must also produce an original paper annually to retain their jobs with strong disincentive against plagiarism. 
0 0 A lot of old outdated teachers are in field of education...though they have done a lot, but they are producing mediocre work.  It is must field practitioners are encouraged into teaching. Then only our work force will become abundant and skilled in real sense. 
1 0 AICTE asks for papers from teachers...why the papers from field practice...in form of work progress and reviews of practitioner and esssay regarding the projects...even the projects in class done by students through a teacher be taken up as accreditation and points for teachers... AICTE should be reduced to body who reviews and filters teachers for their progress performance and makes them grow.irrespective of their age and experience. if they exceed performance criteria. 
1 0 AICTE should become accreditation body for professionals who are screened to a respective rank...if they are qualified enough to teach...if they don't fit the UGC norms of ranks. A lot of excellent professionals in field like software, mechanical, architecture, engineering, pharmacy are simply bachelors but with wide field experience and are left out from teaching because of absurd norms... While a lot of degree holders who are not exposed to practice are teaching irrational theory. 
1 0 We all know there is acute shortage of faculties nation wide...the norms of teachers has been made to Phd though there are rare masters forget Phd in fields like architecture. The norms must work to accredit the eminent practitioners of their respective fields to at least review their work in field by a committee and approve them of respective rank if qualified to teach. A lot of excellent professionals are left out because they didn't have time to acquire masters and Phd. Even lot phd are dud. 
2 0 There is mismatch between other bodies like COA PCI etc. And AICTE norms which causes confusion in institutions regarding norms and jurisdiction of bodies in particular course and branch. AICTE doesn't understand courses and finer details regarding them causing wrong decision making in norms and inspections. For ex. Classroom norms in Architecture for 60 students is 66 sqm...whereas in Architecture students work with drafting table and require no less than 180 sqm for 40 students. 
3 0 1- Please link or combine National skill development + UGC + AICTE + Board of apprentice training. 2- Syllabus of all technical university across India for different cources should be same. 3- There should be combined recruitment process for faculty in state university and combined recruitment for guest faculty in every state. Please give importance to techinacal knowledge,neither JUGAD nor money nor personalaty. 
1 0 AICTE must act as a resource centre for all private and govt technical colleges ,may charge fee for the same from institute ,in this  way this organization may be financially self reliant like BCCI and can really contribute to lift standerd of tecnical education in india.athourity of lisence must be taken away ..this is only diverting the focus of AICTE and encoraging wrong practices. 
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Girl-Need-Justice/828209700564981 sir pls help me 
1 0 Worst,it ruins students lifes 
3 0 AICTE should be renamed as All India Council for Timepass Education and its such a pity that it stands true today. Please don't play with students lives and allow open universities to flourish and let poorest of poor students drink fountain of education from YCMOU. I hope there would be some rational thinking from Govt side and we would get to see what we really desire for. Finally, abolish AICTE as its doing more harm than good. 
2 0 IGNOU ka degree/diploma certificate kyo accept nahi kiya ja raha hai jabki AMIE ka certificate government  services ke liye acceptable hai. MHRD OR AICTE wake paise kha ie sab aisa karwa rahe hai bechare students ko bewjah presan kiya ja raha hai. sab apni koot me lage hai students jaye jhanum me 
2 0 This is our humble request to our present Government that please look into it as this is serious because it is affecting many lives. We are students and we consider it our right to get educated through traditional or open universities and earn for us. AICTE should be scrapped for good. Instead make degrees given by open universities like YCMOU, IGNOU valid and thus help save lacs of students lives. The quality of education provided by YCMOU is no less that conventional universities.Can't you see 
2 0 NO need of AICTE don't waist public money on AICTE. PURE DESH KI TECHNICHAK EDUCATION KO BARBAD KARKE RAKH DIYA HAI.NIKKAME LOF BHARE PARE HAI SARE. BUS WTUDENTS KO PARESAN KARO PAISE !WKAR MANYTA DO BUS YAHI KAM HAI AICTE KA 
3 0 AICTE has ruined my life because I am not eligible for applying to colleges for lectureship nor get a job in company by stating that Open universities degree are not valid. What did they got in return after destroying our life and closing every door of earning opportunity? What are we supposed to do? This is dirty politics at its best. Because AICTE will approve Politician runned Engineering colleges but won't support YCMOU, IGNOU because there is nothing to trade for. Such is the condition. 
1 0 5000 crore lutne ka naya dhakosla ho raha hai kuchh hone wala nahi hai isse. 
3 0 I was rejected for appearing for MPSC examination with bizarre reason given that YCMOU degree is invalid for BTech. I don't understand why AICTE is not getting simple fact that YCMOU was established with some purpose. Purpose of providing education to lower strata of society and also making it affordable for other people. It has blended mode wherein you have to attend classes, perform practicals and then appear for exam. Simple enough to make it on par as traditional universities degree. 
3 0 I did my Btech from YCMOU and passed it with first class. After applying for further education ie ME/Mtech, colleges denied my candidature sighting that degrees from YCMOU are not valid. Is this some kind of joke AICTE played? I have been struggling to find a job too because companies don't entertain distance mode degree. Now what the hell am I supposed to do? I have attended classes in AICTE approved colleges while I also attended practicals. What do I get in the end? Nothing -_- 
3 0 Allow open university to run technical courses and accept all  the technical degree/diploma in distance mode for the emploment/promotion purpose in government services immediately. 
1 0 my view is no need  and role of aicte  in current phenomena because UGC is sufficient to handle the education and recognition of  conventionalUniversities /open university. i think different apex body makes misunderstanding between students and educational institutions. i must recommend to abolish AICTE. Its fully mony making institution. AICTE is the responsible for bad situation of  technical education in the country. MHRD have to take necessary inciative to abolished AICTE 
0 0 Humare desh ki sabhi samasyao ka samadhaan is image me h. Kripya poora padhe. Ek doctor ki laparwahi ek garib ke poore pariwaar ko tabah kar deta hai 
0 0 UPTU should provide top ten student of whole state govt. Colleges a abroad technical tour for their mental enhancement. 
2 0 Allowed open univ to run tecnical cources as fast as possible bec as we know justest delay is Justis deny 
2 0 I requesting to Commity please View how Yaswantrao Chavan Open university Run technical courses in Blended mode and please give approval 
2 0 This is true. Attendance is given in advance for physical presence. There are no qualified and experienced teachers in these colleges. When there are no teaching learning interactions mental presence of students is a distant dream. AICTE allows all this even after full knowledge just because of Corruption. 
2 0 I believe that our society is also fully knowledgeable. Hence we too fully deserve free mechanisms. I believe our students can easily differentiate among good and bad education. 
2 0 MHRD should only forced all universities to publicly display their BE Btech programmes ranking for quality and effectiveness by students teachers and any citizen so that student himself can reject bad education providers. We do not need AICTE babus for this elimination. 
2 0 WE accept British established AMIE without practical and lecturer ,but we don't respect to Indian law established Open university still open university provide Practicals and lecturers . 
2 0 n fact, with rare exceptions like IITs, conventional or regular technical education system do not really function as it is projected on paper. There is no real addition of knowledge or sills due to this technical education system. Mostly students themselves are really responsible for real addition of knowledge or sills. 
2 0 AICTE is not empowered to award any degree like BE or B Tech. Award of any degree like BE or B Tech is exclusive right of only university which is duly recognized by UGC. AICTE is also not empowered to recognize or approve any degree like BE or B Tech. AICTE is empowered by its Act only for approval of technical institutes like college of engineering or polytechnic. 
1 0 हमारे देश मे हिन्दी माध्यम के विद्यार्थियो को अँग्रेजी माध्यम से प्रदान कि जाने वाली तकनीकी शिक्षा पर विचार हो और अँग्रेजी माध्यम के विद्यार्थियो के लिये पृथक अँग्रेजी  माध्यम के महाविद्यालय हो सुनिश्चित किया जावे 
2 0 MHRD should only forced all universities to publicly display their BE Btech programmes ranking for quality and effectiveness by students teachers and any citizen so that student himself can reject bad education providers. We do not need AICTE babus for this elimination.I condemn aicte and its policy..our country our youth in danger...they r looting students and their mo ey ..aicte be- aware of ur roles... 
1 0 1. Why its required an engineers to do MBA, This way simple graduate students chance in MBA   Field is decreasing . 2. Request to make all  Three years Diploma courses equivalent to graduate ,so that one can continue higher studies . 3. Make strict rule for all institute with compulsory placement cell , report of students place/unplaced should be questioned by Your team ,on behalf of placement grading of institue can be given. 4.Fee structure course wise need to fix for all institute. 
0 0 #AICTE, #MHRD, #HigherEducation , #TechnicalEducation #MyGov Skill and knowledge should have basic notion of creation of utility for your own growth and also for nation and society. 
1 0 Thanks Review was much needed. 1. There is very strong need for recognizing but not controlling online virtual university /courses /skill 2. Local small virtual ecosystem of knowledge covering state or district. 3. digital improvement in AICTE not mere technological but content wise. 4 Education must include and empower small to take knowledge network ahead, giving up formalities will help 5 AICTE role must be redefined in context of changing time. thanks and regards 
3 0 Becoz engineer dont know basic concepts & even dont know about simplest things like nut bolts etc. This type of engineering only creating a crowd and down the value of engineering for that Aicte is also responsible for opening too much college without approving proper criteria like land,building, staff,labs etc.Many colleges opened in document only  &many colleges opened without seeing the criteria .Aicte wants money and engineers made for money like that our engineers become a money machine 
3 0 Sir in all engg. College there is only one thing is going which is percentage /marks and think what the engg. can do with marks in industry and another thing marks obtaining is very easy because lectures giving full mark or taking money etc. But the main thing is learning practtical things which is not available because of machines/ equipments not available .for Btech we have to increase industrial training fir six months/three month and like that in diplomas also      continue in next....... 
2 0 a psychological barrier is created in colleges "u student i teacher" don't ask me more questions,else it will affect your marks,but who needs marks now,industry needs what u can do for me now,,u have distinction ,its ok with it,but prove it in real world,no one teaches them maths and grammar,they pass it in self study in pls,physical presence is commanded ,students hardly feels mentally to attend lectures,no conducive environments for discussions,demotivate them form practical goal... 
4 0 ..students at engg colleges even don't know breadboard,they haven't handled any electronic equipments,colleges force students to purchase readymade projects,HODS OF COLLEGES taking commissions from final yr project makers,and big joke "they force them to do project on IEEE papers" mostly a very high standard researches done by all foreign students which indian students even don't understands even if they read for month,no one is ready to impart skills,all shortcuts,they hardly listen stud ideas, 
3 0 i strongly believe in open university skim,,as they impart btech degrees in blended mode ,they can meet the need of today's society,and bridge-up the gap between industries and study centers..they actually allows students to explore industrial world while studying,in full time courses students are completely fooled by colleges,decomposing the student knowledge,even students are not E- of engineering,they are just kept busy celebrating sari day ,mismatch day,file completions,assignments and.. 
3 0 YES I SUPPORT DR KILLEDAR statement....as AMIE is in total distance mode and merely only having difficult question papers and solving them wont guaranty the skill in you as a techy engg.In order to contribute your technical skills to society one needs to do practicals and that also under some supervised circumstances,their should be some body to maintain it...otherwise what guaranties your skills!!!!...no place to even do counselings if any difficulties...to whom with learner can satisfy (i). 
0 0 To the MHRD sub. regarding cooperation among IITs and PSUs As the psus and iits has a common entrance exam GATE as the result of psus out all the student leave the m.tech and move to psus so iits seats leave vacant all time ...for example some days before as the result of iocl out student newly admitted to bombay and kharakhpur leave m.tech and go to psus ..think who is responcible for the vacant sets ...if iocl result was declared some days before many can full fill their dream to IITs. 
0 0 all the college are b.tech 
0 0 i am belong from u.p.my point,AICTE approved the college for higher education .but this time 900 appro..college in u.p. maximum institute take the admission of student on the basics of quantity not quality .AICTE take action for this type of institute so that we develop the our nation and reach the right place 
1 0 I fully support YCMOU, IGNOU open universities wherein working professionals or poor students can learn and get degrees which can fullfil their dreams and empower them with education. I have seen many students who did Engg/BSC degree from YCMOU and they have learned in better way than traditional universities like Mumbai/Pune because YCMOU conduct classes in AICTE and UGC approved colleges and practicals too are conducted strictly. But instead of affiliating them, AICTE has opposed them. :( 
1 0 AICTE has shown no interest in embracing Open University concept. This is like asking small fish not to breed in water because you don't exist according to us. What an irony is it that on one hand, we are thriving to become digital and on the other hand AICTE is opposing YCMOU like open university which is imparting knowledge in most advance syllabus unlike traditional universities. Seriously, AICTE should be de-regularised. 
2 0 n fact, with rare exceptions like IITs, conventional or regular technical education system do not really function as it is projected on paper. There is no real addition of knowledge or sills due to this technical education system. Mostly students themselves are really responsible for real addition of knowledge or sills. 
2 0 AICTE is not empowered to award any degree like BE or B Tech. Award of any degree like BE or B Tech is exclusive right of only university which is duly recognized by UGC. AICTE is also not empowered to recognize or approve any degree like BE or B Tech. AICTE is empowered by its Act only for approval of technical institutes like college of engineering or polytechnic. 
1 0 Secondly, If i have to think about progress of India, I would revamp the education system of India with closing of regular courses, I ll allow the student to Join correspondence courses with their job and at least Six month apprentice course for any technical education with project. The student will learn a lot during the period. Presently, the IIT student gets the theoretical Knowledge only, moreover  hardly they are employed in India for take part in the progress of India. 
0 0 I heard the lecture of Mr. Narendra Modi regarding the SKILLED INDIA. The Government should follow the wording of our PM. The AMIE section A and B is the most difficult course conducted in India. People are studying and attempting exam with their job. the exam become very hard to the fresh pass out of regular B Tech engineer to answer the question asked in the exam. If any such EXIM / GATE exam are going to implement,then it should be made compulsory to everyone and degree to be awarded by AICTE 
1 0 Yes AICTE should act on the ethics of technical education and it should emphasise on real skill development not institution development. Competence of teachers in technical eduction must be mapped with various parameters and without any prejudice , the grade of education should be improved. Institutions which does not come in standard should be derecognised. 
0 0 A general B.Tech student can score easily 75% of marks for the competition of scores to be shown by educational institutes to show to AICTE. Where as if a student of AMIE will not be thorough with his course ,it is difficult to score even 35% marks. Between two sections there is atime period of 6 months when a student takes apprentice ship under guidance of a referee. so how it is inferior to general Engineering course. 
1 0 of such institutes. AICTE does not measure what caliber of teaching the  institutes impart to students. If AMIE is compared to these courses , I will disagree with Dr. Killedar . AMIE course is not so easy as Dr. saab thinks. It is athorough course with well devised course. The rules say that one working person can only take this course. So while doing his job , he will continue the course and thereby without lab , he carries out his practical i  the workshop itself. so it is more beneficial . 
0 0 With blossoming technical institutes in India with  approval from educational bodies such as are making education a  good business. so why single out AICTE. Look for every sector. India has good talents but guidance through  such mushrooming educational institutes to show there competence , adopt to leniency in marks . They do not adopt to the basic things of education. Only they count how many students we have got in our institution. AICTE is one of them with hands in glove with owners 
1 0 This is true. Attendance is given in advance for physical presence. There are no qualified and experienced teachers in these colleges. When there are no teaching learning interactions mental presence of students is a distant dream. AICTE allows all this even after full knowledge just because of Corruption. 
1 0 I believe that our society is also fully knowledgeable. Hence we too fully deserve free mechanisms. I believe our students can easily differentiate among good and bad education. 
1 0 MHRD should only forced all universities to publicly display their BE Btech programmes ranking for quality and effectiveness by students teachers and any citizen so that student himself can reject bad education providers. We do not need AICTE babus for this elimination. 
0 0 In my point of view there should be made a new organization and name it like Indian Ministry of  Higher Education (IMHE) and give it all authority for higher education throughout the nation. There should be a clear definition and recognition of Formal Education(FE) and Non-Formal education(NFE) systems. All FE should conduct under "ABC" and same for NFE, there should be another body "XYZ" Both this "ABC" and "XYZ" should be of same authority and should work under above said 'IMHE'. 
1 0 so many waste colleges are there india.you are not seeing that colleges.so many students doing M.TECH without going to college. 
0 0 AICTE has to be strengthened more. The courses it is conducting need to be constantly updated . The demand for Engineering courses has gradually reduced . Post graduation courses in India are not being considered by Students. Courses like Petroleum Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering, Bio-Technology ,Bio Medical which are not thought in many engineering collages should be added in all the New Engineering Collages ,NIT's and IIT's . There is a Huge demand for Engineers in this Field worldover. 
1 0 SHRI MODI SAAB,it is true that AICTE which is not able to monitor the colleges of this kind is trying to withdraw the recognition of AMIE which is running in as well disciplined manner. We use the lectures of IIT professors provided by NPTEL to understand subjects in detail. And at this era of Digital India & protect AMIE and abolish AICTE which is incapable to fulfill all its goals & before abolising AICTE should pay-off hugely for it has done HUGE LOSSES to our country by taking CORRUPT colleg 
1 0 SHRI MODI SAAB,it is true that AICTE which is not able to monitor the colleges of this kind is trying to withdraw the recognition of AMIE which is running in as well disciplined manner. We use the lectures of IIT professors provided by NPTEL to understand subjects in detail. And at this era of Digital India& Digital world protect AMIE and abolish AICTE which is incapable to fulfill all its goals & before abolising AICTE should pay-off hugely for it has done HUGE LOSSES to our youth by CORRUPTION 
0 0 A perfect analysis is needed with experts , retired IIT persons to analysis technical need and educational level, its status in future India. This is the field where no politics should interfere. AMIE is better than any private institute, which are opened by politicians in thousand number. 
1 0 AMIE is an ISO 9001:2008 certified organization which gives thousands of AMIE graduates to the country every year since 1913. AMIE was not considered as a distant course due to its compulsory practical and project in an approved Engineering college recommended by IEI. And since 1913 the AMIE degree has been considered as Equivalent to BTech or BSc Eng. degrees. Lots of students have used this facility to u 
0 0 AICTE which is not able to monitor the colleges of this kind is trying to withdraw the recognition of AMIE which is running in as well disciplined manner. We use the lectures of IIT professors provided by NPTEL to understand subjects in detail. And at this era of Digital India & Digital world protect AMIE and abolish AICTE which is incapable to fulfill its goal. 
1 0 I am post graduate from IIT Bombay. But, I believe that it is foolish to spend 1000+ CRs from public money of 100% Indian citizens just to benefit less than 0.01 % population of India. In addition to this most of IIITians prefer not to work in India. 
1 1 AMIE is a best & best degree in comparision with other AICTE approved degree because AMIE syllabus is made in such a way that it covers maximum to maximum knowledge  & provides tough & tough syllaus sothat AMIE engineer is much competent that regular degree holder.AMIE canot be treated as Distance mode education because it covers practical at reputed colleges are conducted. 
2 0 Industries should be called off in institutions at degree level and should train the students imparting them technical practical concepts which would help them un learning the theory concepts conceptually. Also the main concept should be to develop the internal skills of every student Which can help them to know in which way he want to proceed. 
1 0 People are not government's resources and some babus in Delhi are not competent to even understand the complexity of modern economy and its need for engineers. Only if we get rid of these regulators the market will adjsut itself to give best engineering institutes. What MHRD is doing is an exercise in insanity. 
1 0 Here are my honest views if anyone is reading. India does not need AICTE to MHRD for that matter. Abolish AICTE altogether and open up engineering education sector for all kind of institutes run by private players on their own terms. Restructruing AICTE is like painting lipstick on a bulldog, it wont win Miss World. 
0 0 For the improvement in technical knowledge of students, ask them for 6 month internship or training program with some serious implemented project work that can be demonstrated and can help our or every country. 
0 0 To imprve the standard of technical education appoint National Level Monitors to check the infrastructure in different institutions to ensure quality technical education. Thease NLMs should be qulified experianced retired professionals.Their reports be reviewed by team of experts and sutable action be taken on them 
0 0 As many of the comments have rightly brought out 1. our education system has lost it's standards 2. we are giving poorer and poorer quality graduates to the country 3. there are many who have got degrees for the sake of prestige, with no intentions to do good to the country If we are able to recruit good candidates and educate them adequately, make sure that their quality of work is good, we can expect a welcome change in the near future 
5 0 Dear PM I am working as Asst proff in SOA university MechanicalMechanical Engg Dept,Bhubaneswar.I didn't get my salary since April 2015.This university is run like a family business. They r not afraid of anybody from govt or AICTE.Here student teacher ratio is not maintained.they conduct exams like a joke.Authority pressurises us to pass every students without going for facts and figures.They have made engineering education a joke sir.Whom should I complaint regarding my salary. 
0 0 Another highly impractical and foolish move which is a part of AICTE approvals is on recognition of courses done in foreign universities of repute. Let the officials understand that before commenting on foreign universities let them understand that they may not even clear the admission of many foreign universities forget about admissions. Curses from foreign universities to be treated at par or on premium compared to indian university courses 
2 0 There have been too many universities and AICTE has been too liberal in giving permissions for increased intake without any logic. First make a common syllabus for all professional universities with industry inputs. Make education affordable, adaptable and applicable. Let there be more practicability or viability for all professional courses. Get retired professors from IITs and IIMs to form the syllabus common throughout the course across the country. Let there be compulsory English language 
2 0 I wish to say on the subject of derecognising a college/university/institution. In doing so the real responsible persons are not punished but, the innocent students and their parents only suffer. I suggest that the authorities who recognise them without fullfilling the requirement on one side and the owner/ in-charges of such college/university/institution should be penalised. 
0 0 dear  PM this is our man ka baat 
1 0 kind of students these colleges take is impossible to discribe.exams big joke. take survey of students who fail in theory exam and their practical exam marks, their internal assessment marks.practical fail if  they are absent . any thing more?!.  of all these nothing is secret , its open secret. yatha raja. thatha praja. god save this nation. 
1 0 in one unit one unit head  one pg . no other staff. imagine. on paper are there. every thing dummy. 
0 0 there are pvt colleges here in same place where there are no patients, clinical materials given seats more than than the  patient crowd in those places.  for inspection every thing is cooked up. 
0 0 Fr Mullers one of the best place of this region,clinical material they have , govt shood have given med coll long back. but they are penalised by cutting no of seasts. same way like KMC mangalore. 1st pvt collge. 
0 0 there are colleges which are delisted for this year are taking admissions for this year.that too 70-80 lacs per seat. one college just applied last yr. not got MCI nod officially , they too taking students. not on hope. are sure last momemnt they are going to get  the nod  because?. 
0 0 i have been writing on this.but dont think any body realised the gravity, though one vyapam in one state already come to open. it is actually going on in all states,from same period of time. but MCI alone can held responsible. 
0 0 hope man/ people taking cognizance of this column also knows  about MCI. (MEDICAL EDUCATION) 
2 0 With Learn and Earn scheme, following benefits are realized: a.	Students: Free Education and Livelihood along with better and rich relevant education b.	Institute: More number of students for better and rich relevant education c.	Industry: Can assess attitude, knowledge and skills of student Apprentice for 3-4 years, so that student may be offered permanent job, if found satisfactory d.	Government: Reduced ‘government expenditure on education’ and ‘unemployed youth’ 
2 0 Under Learn and Earn scheme, student is placed in relevant industry as an “Apprentice” and work for full time. Industry pays monthly stipend to each attached student as per the Apprentice Act provisions which is enough for the cost of living and education. After work hours, university arrange “Teaching-Learning” using Mobile Lectures and practical at study center labs. 
1 0 With this latest technology of Mobile Tab Ready Lectures, technical education with much better consistent quality and flexibility can be provided to huge number of students with high cost-effectiveness. 
2 0 Mobile lectures from well qualified and experienced Teachers with ‘Built-In’ or LMS based online Self-Tests provide much better consistent quality and unprecedented flexibility of Learning from anywhere, anytime. After initial onetime download, these mobile lectures can be repeated multiple number of times without live Internet connection. Students need to visit study center laboratories only for practical or project-work type activity courses. 
2 0 “National Skill Qualification Framework (NSQF)” is the current thrust area for the Maharashtra state as well as Central Government. In line with this state and national mission and framework, Open Universities offer following level of programmes in Engineering and Technology disciplines: a.	Diploma Programmes in Engineering and Technology at Level 6 of NSQF b.	UG Degree Programmes in Engineering and Technology at Level 7 of NSQF 
2 0 If AMIE (without any face-to-face Teaching-Learning Support or Lab Activities) can be approved and recognized by all including MHRD, AICTE or DEB-UGC, then why any technical Diploma or “B.E. / B.Tech.” or “M.E. / M.Tech.” degree programmes using “Blended Mode of Education” from any Open University cannot be approved and recognized by the MHRD, AICTE or DEB-UGC? 
1 0 The role of AICTE vis-à-vis the universities is only advisory, recommendatory and a guiding factor and thereby subserves the cause of maintaining appropriate standards and qualitative norms and not as an authority empowered to issue and enforce any sanctions by itself, except submitting a report to UGC for appropriate action. 
1 0 AICTE created under the Act is not intended to be an authority either superior to or supervise and control the universities and thereby superimpose itself upon such universities merely for the reason that it is imparting teaching in technical education or programmes in any of its departments or units. 
1 0 MHRD is also requested to issue Government Resolution (GR) allowing payment of stipend to all “Student Apprentice” under “Learn and Earn Scheme” as an allowed expenditure under “Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)” 
2 0 MHRD is requested to issue Government Resolution (GR) confirming that AICTE approval is not applicable for any Open University (OU) of India or for any technical / professional academic programmes on offer from any Open University (OU) of India 
1 0 MHRD is required to issue Government Resolution (GR) allowing all educational institutions or colleges to share “infrastructure and Human Resource” with any “Open University (OU)” of India, on all weekly off days or holidays and on all work days after regular work hours for conventional education 
1 0 MHRD is requested to issue Government Resolution (GR) confirming that, “geographical jurisdiction limit” as per the each University Act, is not applicable for any academic programme from any Open University (OU) when offered in “Blended Mode” 
2 0 MHRD is requested to discuss with UGC and stop differential treatment to only “Open Universities (OUs)” with an immediate effect 
1 0 MHRD is requested to issue new Government Resolution (GR) confirming that all qualification from any Open University of India, are acceptable and approved for recruitment for any post by Central Government without any such additional approval. 
1 0 MHRD is requested to issue Government Resolution (GR) confirming that, any Open University (OU) should be empowered to operate as dual mode university to offer any academic programme in any mode of education (that is, Face-To-Face and/or Blended Mode) 
1 0 We request you to kindly confirm your approval, recognition and acceptance for commencing educational programmes from “Architecture / Design” and “Engineering” disciplines at Diploma, Under-Graduate, Post-Graduate and Doctoral Level from all Open Universities of India, so that all students of these academic programmes from Open Universities will not face any problems for pursuing further higher education, employment and promotion just like similar students from other conventional universities 
1 0 We request you to issue Government Resolution (GR) confirming that, all Technical / Professional academic programmes, at all levels like UG and PG, are allowed in Blended Mode {that is, Mobile teaching for all Theory Courses (subjects) and Practical, Project-Work at study center Laboratories} for all Open Universities (OUs) of India 
1 0 We request you to kindly immediately withdraw already issued a Letter No “DO No 6-7 / 2009-DL” dated 29-Jul-2009 to ‘Distance Education Council (DEC)’, asking them to immediately withdraw permissions for these programmes and immediately stop admission of fresh students to these technical education programmes through distance education mode. 
0 0 Govt should draft some law that will help young bright girls continue their studies even after marriage...most colleges refuse to admit without proper attendance..this leads to talent killing.. 
1 0 Please  bring a law abolish Internal marks in all Technical and Managerial courses in all Institutions since there is rampant bias in giving internal marks which is not transparent , subjective and leads to poor quality. Of late Internal marks have been increased to the extent of 40 to 50% in the name of giving control to the Teachers. There is rampant violation of right of equality of students guaranteed by article 14 of the Constitution, which can be upheld only by external valuation of exams 
0 0 the level of technical education could rise by admitting the talents only rather than the students through donations and by hiring the deserving teachers who are actually knowledgeable.There should be an entrance exam for teachers as well with couple of tough rounds to check there ability to nurture good talents for future nation. 
0 0 Please don't accept AICTE committee recommendation. Please take statistics on how many people died  each year in our country from building collapse/ failures etc this is indicator of the state of Technical education in our country. Pls enact a bill urgentl for Engineers council like Bar/ Medical/Teachers councils, who can be given the powers to lay down standards for recognizing and approval of Technical education and for licensing Engineers  which is the need of the hour. Please abandon AICTE 
1 0 If Autonomous status is given to poorly performing Private Engineering colleges  It will spell disaster as their Degrees will be treated as Paper abroad. Technical Universities at each state to be given power to control regulate and facilitate Technical education by affiliating Technical Institutions in their states. Technical Universities can be controlled by National Higher Education Authority. Promote Technical education by Online mode soon or our students will join ODL course from abroad 
1 0 #TechnicalEducation Dear Mam, I want to draw your attention towards the admission procedure to premier technical institutes. In this type of institutes we should give a minimum passed marks in qualifying exam so that non deserving student can't entered whether they belongs to Open Category or Some Other Cast like SC,BC,OBC,ST etc. This will lead to quality students from these institutes . 
1 0 Pls Setup a National Higher education  commission ( Not AICTE) with 50% representation from Industry to come up with a plan for democratizing Technical and Managerial education without sacrificing quality, so that the countries democratic dividend can be reaped,AICTE has not been successful in developing industry relevant syllabus or innovative courses, it has allowed mushrooming of education institutions without verifying there is demand for new courses, don't allocate tax payer money to AICTE 
1 0 Request Govt not to accept recommendations of AICTE review committee such as making it  constitution autonomous body,  promoting autonomous institutes, substandard institutions should be closed down and not improved with Tax payers money. There is  only talk of promoting online and distance education, AICTE has not promoted the same which is hindering nations development. Live telecast all lectures  from IIT/NIT etc free/fee to working  Diploma engineers/ AMIE students  to upgrade their skills 
0 0 AICTE must be abandoned, because the way they are sanctioning the seats in engineering, MBA and MCA institutes is not proper, without any sound inspection, multiple colleges are running the same infrastructure and staff in one campus, AICTE is also not looking the socio-economic status of the concerned state/district while sanctioning the colleges. They are sanctioning the institute with higher fees structure. 
1 0 i wonder y i wasted my 5 yrs(9th to 12th n 1st yr) in learning bio,economic,history,physics,chemistry. its of no use at the tym of job interview n neither related to my branch i.e IT.i cud hv been  an experts if i hv started focusing more on languages since my 9th.Then finding job in this feild vl be much easier n sure 4 me..bt i hv to begin frm nw..n wat abt my knwldge of other subject fully wasted.. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Please make plan to de commercialise & quata free EDUCATION IN india  only by which in future INDIA  WILL BECAME A SUPER POWER.THERE IS NO OTHER SHORT CUT  WAY 
2 0 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it free under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode ! 
0 0 RTU university (AICTE Affiliated )has very less number of facilities that is not compatible for a large number of colleges affiliated by RTU, results spoiling in career of large no of students , so sir please do atleast required. 
3 0 sir , if u really want to improve eduucation system then make sure quality audit of faculty and their salary of each engeniring nd management college,deemed university.as these have become a pofit center for businessman and politician.to maximize the profit they hire less competitve people at a very low salary and fire them as wish. 
0 0 AICTE,should be abandoned Open up eng colleges with research centres. Conduct training & exams after graduations Pre entrance test to graduation abolish MS exam should be at par to IIT Only those students from colleges with research facilities be sllowed for MS Colleges should be earmarked with stars Abolish all fees,other than educational fees. 
2 0 mam i want to say that there are lots if of private univ. and they are giving technical diploma education which are not affiliated to AICTE. lots of student are wasting their life. so please, please,please,please,please,please,please,please, listen my topic help us. help to poor student.#MHRD #UGC, #AICTE 
1 0 sir I think students should be encourage to innovate things and try to come up with new ideas so that we all could build up a better future.We should see that students should not only be good at theory but also in practical.Mostly in colleges and schools more stress are given to theoretical knowledge rather than practical.But the Industry tries to check our field knowledge so I suggest that if these is done from the root itself then we will get a much good outcome.#HigherEducation 
2 0 AICTE is one of the most corrupt bodies. With Dr. Sahastrabuddhe taking over as chief there is big hope of improvement. I have complained many times about the malpractices of private universities like JJT University Rajasthan, and all in vein. Now I hope something will be done. 
1 0 Research should be the constant and continuous process in the life of each people and also for the nation.There should be mass programme of reserch, competition on reaserch, lecture and meeting or workshop on research etc. should be the part of reserch institute. reserch should be in all area of things to be reserch, but, if the specific area or thing which require more important to give relief and benifit in large, priority of reseach should be given more in such types of things or matters. 
1 0 Dear our PM sir... According to me education strategy need to be change. Agar hum school me only 20% theory part or 80% practical part rakhe toh student ka mind innovative banega, agar yahi system follow hote raha toh students ka mind sirf roting type hoga , aur yahi se maximum no of students average bante h. Isliye practical mind ki start 10 yrs k age me ho jana chaihye. 
1 0 We may move towards giving more autonomy to educational institutions. Open book exam may be allowed and more emphasis should be given to projects and assignments. Evaluation of these projects and assignments may be done by a body of external examiners empaneled by the Govt. The number & quality of teaching faculty and infrastructure of the educational institution should be ensured by laying down standards & regular external audits by the govt or may be delegated to ISO certifying institutions. 
0 0 Dearest PM Sir I'm a student in one of on the institute under AICTE and my experience so far is really appalling. I personally feel that the pattern universities are following is quite outdated and its a call for a change. Students must with encouraged to innovate ideas rather than being burdened with mundane theoretical concepts. Maintaining agg. 60 and getting placed is what every student wish for, this has only deteriorated the quality of engineers leaving many jobless. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधान सेवक जी मैं एक अभियांत्रिकी स्नातक शिक्षित युवक हु और मैं खुद का अपने गांव में उद्यम स्थापित करना चाहता हु जिससे की मेरे गांव के शिक्षित और अशिक्षित लोगों को रोजगार क लिए बहार न जाना पड़े, लेकिन मेरे पास मेरे अनुभव,ज्ञान और बचाये हुये कुछ रुपये के शिवा कुछ नहीं है। मैं बैंक गया टी लोगों ने बोला अचल सम्पति लाओ, मेरे पास नहीं है कृपया कर मेरी कुछ मदद करें 
1 0 Dear sir, Further to my earlier submission following are the major points to be considered while making education policy: 1)Also there should be system to find out the extra ordinary skill of teenage students (not by examination but by aptitude test at every school) 2) Also we should stop giving holidays to students on religion festivities. This will help to reduce fanaticism and increase patriotism.3) Also we should make 3 year military training compulsory for degree students. 
2 0 Dear Sir, This current education system should be purified to make skill full and patriotic human resource.we should take hard decisions on following ponts; 1) We should reduce the theoretical studies and increase practical more from childhood education. 2) All over the nation syllabus for (science & maths)studies should be the same, this will help to evaluate the students properly and nurture the talent. 
0 0 Hello sir meri rai hai ki yadi SAKSHAR BHARAT MISSION me DIGITAL INDIA Aur SKILL DEVELOPMENT YOJNA ko add kar diya jai to ise panchayat me kafi teji se gramin janta tak pahuchaya ja sakta hai.kyoki LOK SIKSHA KENDRA ke madhyam se PANCHAYAT me teji se pahuchaya ja sakta hai please sir iske bare me awasya discuss kiya  jae . Thank you 
1 0 I firmly believe that opening of new IITs will deteriorate the value of IITs, they would lost their charm. I believe that the process of revamping the various state technical universities should be started by #AICTE. We should develop our various state universities to the level of IITs, there should be a competition between different technical universities at state or national level and then further to international levels.This will enhance the technical education in India. 
0 0 With Quality education, there is need to focus on demand supply concept of engineering passouts. Huge passouts against negligible demand & on that day by day opening of new institutions is biggest reason of major unemployment. Govt. Should plan something for this. 
1 0 Technology upgradation is not the solution just by opening technical institute which we are seeing everyday one technical institute. We need to focus on quality of teaching .I remeber my era when engineering students had great value by virtue of knowledge. Today huge degradation and no matching with Phy. Chem and Math. 
0 0 If technical education has to improve, selection criteria to engineering colleges should improve. We have a successful model from IIT. Eventhough it is not ultimate, that is the best available with us.  When more colleges are affliated to IIT, more students will get through this evaluation procecss, which will indirectly improve our standard 
0 0 i strongly feel our education system is getting deterorated. I am from Tamil Nadu, it is a pity to see the standard of engineering colleges. I LIKE THE IDEA OF INCREASING IITs in india. INCREASING NO OF IITs will surely increase the standard of eduction.  IT WOULD TAKE LONG TIME AND BIG INVESTMENT TO BUILT NEW IITs.  IT WOULD BE A BETTER IDEA TO INVITE GOOD PRIVATE UNIVERSITIES TO GET AFFLIATED TO IITs.  THERE ARE VERY GOOD PRIVATE COLLEGES LIKE SSN IN CHENNAI ETC. 
0 0 We need to give information of technology to ruller area students because Many of students are not know about the technology.So gov. need take much more steps in this area so that every person attach with tech. 
1 1 Technical, Professional and Law education shall be allowed from Open Universities in blended mode for the disadvantage and needy people from all sectors to develop various skills and awareness about law. This will definitely increase GER, Employability, per capita Income and bring our nation to greater height… 
2 1 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it free under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode ! 
2 1 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it free under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode and also linkup with the National Skill development council (NSDC) to generate more skilled manpower in the country.! 
0 0 in last 15 years, nos of engineering colleges open. there education quality is very low. How may IIT student are willing to teach in engineering colleges. govt should strict and made norms for faculty also. 
3 1 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it free under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode ! 
0 0 other engineering discipline students end up working in IT industry. Need to provide job opportunities for all disciplines otherwise have engineering only for subjects which we have a job opportunity. Practicals are too limited. Management quota or back door entry shouldn't be there. Merit based education system is required. 
0 0 Decide that no more institutions will be given approval. Follow strict norms on quality of faculty recruited. Make NET/Ph.D as a requirement for faculty. Ensure that proper facilities available in the existing institutions, Otherwise cancel the approval. Move to a practical and holistic approach. Severe actions should be taken for flouting the norms. Action to be taken for availability of laboratory and library facilities in the institution. 
0 0 Its true that there were discrepancies in AICTE norms. UGC should be the deciding authority as an apex educational regulator. The problem exist where UGC and AICTE requirements doesnot match. Example NET required as eligibility as per UGC where AICTE looks for their approval for eligibility of faculty. That is where the quality of delivery begins in many private technical institutions. 
0 0 Union ministry of human resource and development has formed a review committee to analyse and restructure the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). The order states that with increasing number of private technical institutions, AICTE norms are being flouted by many. "A lot of private institutions have come up in the technical education sector and there is a growing trend of commercialization. The laid down norms and standards of education are not fully implemented," 
1 0 I don't understand why there is so many Engineering institute in our country? IITS,IISC ,NITS,IIIT,state and few private engineering institute are sufficient. Then Why thousands of thousands private engineering institution? 
1 0 subject: Better usage of tax payer money in terms of expenditure in IITS. Our country development can be made faster by minimizing BRAIN DRAIN. Ways are: 1.They should work at least 15 years in government else return all expenses in terms of 'money value' to government. 2.Impart moral education in terms of ground reality of our nation. 3. Encourage easy loan facility to starter of a firm. 4. Professor should encourage them for working in India. 
0 0 We still study outdated books, for example we learn 1947 and works on 1950 technology, this is complete waste of time 
0 1 Most important is practical study what we study in theory there is zero implimentation of it in any industry no subject tells what is the requirements of industry no one teaches about what is the demand quality...The graduation should be like Industry oriented means cost cutting... industry machinary..time saving...target..fire & safety.. what now a dayz are being taught english physics maths . teach what a industry requires not that what university requires . university ka syllabus industry acc 
0 0 Mat rkho ese clg India me jo sirf fees lena jante ho muh mangi,.... 
0 0 Mene BE kiya 2014 me loan lekar 7.5 grad k sath pr clg se koi placement nhi hua. Or muje loan bhrna pd rha h with interest.kya mtlb esi education ka jo kma k na desake.... 
0 0 Education can be provide on the basis of skill. But in our country education is provide on the basis of books only. If any one is interested in physics or chemistry or other subject like music and all but in our education system says you learn all the subject that the person is not interested. Our employment policy is also like those who get more marks on paper he/she will be selected but those person have less marks and his technical skill is good not select. So change the policy. 
0 0 EDUCATION SYSTEAM IS NOT PROVIDING ANY CHANCE FOR CREATIVITY.PEOPLE ARE PASSING EXAM ONLY TO GET PAPER FORM OF CERTIFICATE WHEN THEY FACE INTERVIEW THEY GET REJECTED BECOUSE THERE PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE IS ZERO. DUE TO THIS EDUCATED UNEMPLOYED PEOPLE ARE RISING IN OUR COUNTRY. 
0 0 तकनीकी शिक्षा सिर्फ पढाई पर आधारित है ।इसलिए कार्य हेतु दक्ष इंजीनियघर नहीं मिल रहे है ,एवं डिग्रीधारी इंजीनियर बेरोजगार है।मेरा सुझाव है, कि कालेज में आधा समय पढाई तथा आधा समय कार्य हेतु पर्याप्त व्यवस्था हो नी चाहिए और डिग्री पढाई तथा कार्य दोनों में उत्तीर्ण होने पर ही दी जानी चाहिऐ कार्य का मूल्यांकन बाजार से तथा पढाई का मूल्यांकन कालेज से हो। 
2 0 Dear Sir/Madam, there are many college where when inspection team from AICTE comes then they call teacher from other colleges which are like M.E or higher degree and given money. In regular there are only one, two qualified teachers. It happens with other resources also like table, chair, computer, patient bed, peons all things they get from other colleges or hostel. Kindly take some strict action against it. Also look for college fee 
0 0 Inspections should be done properly. Half of the technical colleges are producing students who are not capable of anything. More  private colleges are there than required 
0 0 Complete review of our Education System be it AICTE or UGC or even School Education. Education as a BUSINESS model should stop. You can see many AICTE approved colleges with very very bad education thus playing with the Life and Carrier of Poor and Middle Class in India. AICTE is formed to Monitor and Regulate Technical Education in India but is it done so ? Thousands of Professional Colleges and God Alone knows if they can be called Temple of Knowledge. Hon. Prime Minister, either NOW or NEVER. 
1 0 four special training institute after bsc/btech With departments like Defence equipments ,Atomic energy,Technical education & Space technology at 1)Chennai 2) Varanasi/ lucknow/Allahabad 3)Patna 4)andhra/Bangalore 5 lakh rupee award for top 20 best project after training 
0 0 On April 17 a demoralised All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) was granted a temporary reprieve by a division bench of the Supreme Court here allowing it to retain its regulatory authority over technical education in the country for the academic year 2014-15. 
0 0 Subject : Non filling of thousands of vacant seats at IITs, NITs, IIITs and GFTIs. Respected Sir, I would like to draw your kind attention towards a major problem created by Josaa 2015 (Joint Seat Allocation Authority) by not conducting a spot round similar to previous years, due to which  thousands of  seats at IITs, NITs, IIITs and GFTIs are lying vacant. Therefore, I requesting your honour please to intervene into these issues at the earliest to save wastage of precious engineering seats. 
0 0 Dear Sir AICTE is not working properly. The engineering colleges is not giving the salaries to the employees as per the norms.In spite of that the colleges every year getting the approval from AICTE. No one is here to monitor the AICTE,.The engg. colleges is doing as its wish. 
0 0 1. It must be taken into count that technology is changing fast. Every institute must have a course revaluation committee, which should meet every year, and take inputs from alumni. Its really important. 2. As far as engineering institutions are concerned, the whole syllabus is not covered in any college in any subject. What happens is, the basic stuff is what we are taught, the advanced stuff is what is generally omitted from syllabus for exam. Thus, the new syllabus should be taught too. 
0 0 AICTE is sleeping they are not care about the facilities in engg. colleges they just more than 40 colleges are having admissions of 20 students in this year. In Andhra pradesh 99% colleges are not having 50% of facilities as per norms still i don't how they got permission. we are loosing our life and national asset. ministry have to stringent action dare to close colleges without influencing by our politics 
0 0 Dear Sir Quality of Technical education is deteriorating with quality of teachers being employed by private colleges. They prefer to employ part time teachers at meager salary for each class. Fresh graduates take up this job since they get some money. Private colleges keep minimum faculty for demonstration to AICTE. AICTE should insist on permanent faculty with experienced person to improve quality of teaching. 
1 0 Good morning Respected Sir, I am One the student of vtu (visveshvarayya technological university) karnataka. Here the students of batch 2014-15 are facing problem due to change of syllabus. As the scheme was totally changed in 2014, the lecturers are also unable to complete the entire portion. With leads to failure of many students and now here the students  are going to loss one year due to year back system of university.year back system of university allows 4 backlogs. 
2 0 Dear Sir, AICTE should focus on improving the quality of technical education in existing engineering colleges.Engineering colleges standard r declining day by day.faculties are not so much skilled.there should be programme of industry exposure for both teachers and students.Labs should be more equipped with latest instruments. In most of private colleges one lab is used by many departments.there should be separate lab for each department. Improve quality rather than increasing count of college. 
1 0 Sir, Accreditation of engineering colleges should be stringent process. Official who visit the engineering colleges are paid huge money to officials to get their college accredited and ultimately students studying their pay that price by not getting satisfactory jobs or are inefficient. Recognition of such colleges should be scraped. thanks 
1 0 you have to get to all technical education to all who deserves. 
2 0 Dear Hon P M i thank u for ur concern as few kids r interested in scientific research in IND as per me we r loosing Brain drain from IND is due to reservation system in education instute as My Elder Brother in grade 12 exams in the year 1986 has scored 86% in science, he was dined seat in MBBS, later he completed BSC in Comp & finally he decided to leave IND & settled in Canada now working in CA Def R&D like my bro there r lot of young talent has drained let fee can be free, but not course 
2 0 Dear Honourable Prime Minister, It sad that Dr. KPJ Abdul Kalam, the great man, left all of us yesterday.  I searched in the internet to see if there is any educational institution in India named after Dr. Kalam.  Surprisingly, I found none except a small private engineering college in a remote town of Tamil Nadu. I request you sincerely that a Technological University should be opened in the name of Dr. KPJ Abdul Kalam Thanks and Regards, Sincerely Satyanarayana P Bangalore 
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE 
1 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE 
1 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE 
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE 
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE 
0 0 OPEN LETTER TO P.M Sir,please dont ignore this post.I have an amazing idea for the education of the poor childs. please contact as soon as possible. Sir sirf ek baar apne is student p trust karke dekhiye. The IDEA is very easily possible.. INDIA me aapko kahi b slum nhi dikhega fir.Just give me a single chance to convey my Idea. bas ek baar trust me and please contacT. please ph - 07877123852. See the daily routine of poor which we have to change- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GOnlJ-4pE 
1 0 Hello sir i am completed my engineering since last 3 years with 81 percentage but i could not get job with my satisfaction.Currently my salary is just Rs.10,000 Per month after 3 years of experience.Even Many Engineers are not get any job after study a self financed college with annual fee of Rs 60,000 to 95,000.So what are the meaning of study after completing engineering with high paying fees of college.I think engineering college started a business for last couple of years.................... 
1 0 AICTE giving the permission to the colleges with out considering the employment after completion of degree. AICTE  members giving the preference to the money  not on essentials of a college.This is the biggest mistake of AICTE members. 
0 0 01. Generate Skill based Human Resource by approving All Open Universities of India to offer engineering education in blended mode and free of cost,  to each and every Indian Student 02. Tackle the Diploma/Degree equivalence issue between traditional universities and open universities by conducting proficiency test. 
0 0 AICTE को पूरी तरह से नवीनीकरण की आवश्यकता है 1. इसको approval देने के साथ ही जवाबदेह बनाया जाना चाहिए । 2. छात्रों  और  फैकल्टी के साथ तृतीय और चतुर्थ श्रेर्णी कर्मचारियों के अधिकारों के रक्षा के रूप में भी कार्य करे । 3. शिक्षा सेमेस्टर में न होकर वार्षिक होना चाहिए 4.  AICTE में मेंबर के रूप में डिप्लोमा धारक भी होना चाहिए । 5. AICTE में ऐसा रूल हो की प्राइवेट मालिको की जगह छात्रों और क्रमचरियो के लिए नियम बनाये । 
1 0 Respected sir, I'm one of your follower n very much impressed from your working style. But I want to give some thought about related with above mentioned topic. 1. In India there have lots of engineering colleges out of them very few colleges provides qualitative education. 2. The authority who evaluate this colleges never evaluate properly. 3. That's why there is need of clean and responsible authority. 
1 0 1.This is high time that AICTE should think of taking action on the sub-standard institutions, the sub-standard organizations are the reason for fall of technical education standard 2.More focus is required on Industry focused training, AICTE (in turn educational institutions) can tie-up with Industries and give more specific skill based trainings. 3.AICTE should give more preference for industrial experienced candidates for teaching jobs. 
0 0 Aicte day by day providing certificates to coleges to open techniqcal cllg, but inspit of opening they should focus on the cllg working bcoz today in india there are thousand of engg collg frm whr lakh of student pass every year but they r nt able to get jobs. Thery should focus on hw cllg are providing knwlodge they shoukd focus on ther practical knwledge abt technology. 
0 0 I dosend find any other Focus area where i can share my thought so i though i should share my thought on this. Presently there is free education to the female students who are studing in Government schools but there should be subsidy to the female students who are studing in private shcools. It will also help to India to balance ration of male and female. 
0 0 The AICTE must devote more for quality improvement in Diploma level Engineering Colleges.The spurt in Degree Engineering colleges in the country resulted into substandard degree holders who are actually employed in the middle level Engg profn and as a result eating out a major portion of manpower spectrum meant for Diploma Engrs.This is not only a great wastage of time but also of economicm resources. Diploma engg instt  canbe established and developed with lesser finance &  passout time is less 
0 0 AICTE can be liberal in granting permissions to start courses, open institutions, but very strict on promoters in terms of ensuring quality infrastructure and teaching. Cant allow them to play with lived of students. Those of AICTE members indulging in corrupt practices should be removed immdtly. As a regulator, they must do their job properly. Hopefully Know your College program should improve this 
0 0 education must be based on theory and practical either higher or lower level.Present education system student and teacher both focused on theory but in practical way we can memories topic long time. The theory and practical must be 50-50% in ratio for concept clearing and build up of confidence. 
0 0 For Hindi..I would say don't force Hindi..when need arises it will be learnt..so instead of forcing Hindi..the Union govt should enforce local language policy..I am for TN..I should know adjoining states' languages of Malayalam, Kannada and Telugu if I want to do business and this applies for people from other states too..hence..local languages should be given a push..I know people converse in Hindi from here having their business partners in Delhi and they had to learn Hindi..so? 
0 0 Lessons of Prithviraj Chauhan & maharana pratap should be added in school syllabus... 
0 0 We have to uncover those from our manuscripts ..Govt should invest in this instead of blindly following the West..India itself is a too big a market that none other country except China..and after meeting our needs definitely this can be marketed and sold in other countries...We had Nalanda, Taxila and Kanchi..where are the learned now? 
0 0 Also, vernacular languages are a must to get across ideas..So in schools let subjects like history, social studies and introductory law be taught in local languages..We were great builders/engineers/physicians..where is the knowledge?.. 
0 0 First and foremost of AICTE should be aligning itself with the industry..Let the industry project what they want...The industry has better planning and knows what they are up to..and what specialization in people they are looking for..but here lies a problem..if the student is specialized then he becomes a liability when the need is met..hence that student who becomes an employee need to reeducated/retraining according to the future of the industry which the industry should invest in... 
0 0 You must takes some action to make it corruption less. I don't have enough proof that is why I can't write properly. But ek wrong affiliation of any wrong college can spoil future of more then 300 students. Manny students in Haryana is victims of this . You should do something for its investigation. 
0 0 #AICTE should be reformed in such a manner that technical education reaches most of the people of India. On this day when our beloved Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam has left us, the best way to give our tribute to him is to give such a environment that every deserving child or student has access to technical education for which #AICTE should adopt more and more flexibility and private sector should also be involved in this task so that funds are sufficient. 
1 0 PM Mr Modi Sir I do not think u r d right soul 2 ascent d adorable ramparts of Red Fort. Many of ur speeches u uttered BACCHE DESH KE BHAVIS HAI only speeches no action. Priority sector EDUCATION lacked ur attention many capable students able 4 higher education & cn clout incredible growth next generation capable female students r thrown 2 grind between family & tandoor, they r left behind just 4 SAKE PRIVILEGED RESERVATION CATEGORIES PM Mr MODI do u have explanation or just MAKE IN INDIA SPEECH 
0 1 Respected pm sir शिक्षा के क्षेत्र में आरक्षण बंद कर देनी चाहिए क्यों की आरक्षण की वजह से सही टैलेंटेड शिक्षक नहि मीलता इस लिए हमारा देश शिक्षा क्षेत्र में पिछे जा रहा है.शिक्षा क्षेत्र टैलेंट पे निर्भर करता है।आपसे बहौत सी उम्मीदे जुडी है।धन्यबाद 
0 0 AICTE members when visit any institute or college they ask faculty whether all are getting salary as per norms and with in time. I think this is very foolish question, instead of asking from the faculty AICTE can check the status of our salary account what we r getting and when we are getting. 
0 0 ... covering all faculties that Bharat needs. If this program is initiated for kids and ensure it runs for 20 Years it would help us get back our pride back on education and know how. This could become an standard education format for the rest of the years to follow where all schools, colleges, and universities offer courses in either Sanskrit of Regional Language. Jai Hind 
0 0 ....in case of the central university status and each state should get one such institute. The other regional university again one for each state to have the medium of instruction as the states primary official language. These universities should be able to deliver all subjects in the specified medium of instruction be it art, biology, civics, commerce, economics, engineering, Itihasa (history), law, medicine, math's, physics, technology, Upanishads, Vedas, yoga, zoology etc., .... 
0 0 I am quoting Late Dr. APJ "English is necessary as at present original works of science are in English. I believe that in two decades times original works of science will start coming out in our languages. Then we can move over like the Japanese." Can we initiate a program of creating a central and regional universities like Nalanda where the student enrolls into the pre primary school and ends up with a graduation or a PhD. These universities should have the medium of instruction as Sanskrit... 
1 0 HRI MODI SAAB, First IMMEDIATELY we have to correct & redesign our Education system right from the schooling stage to post-graduation stage . Even if child wants to become a successful smart farmer Like in Bihar, we should derive initiatives from our Ancient EDUACTION SYSTEM. Unfortunately in past English colonisers had destroyed our EDUCATION SYSTEM and implemented their CONVENT SYSTEM as a result our children & Youth left-out with just Ratta-Marna where there is no INNOVATION & PRACTICALS. 
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, First IMMEDIATELY we have to correct & redesign our Education system right from the schooling stage to post-graduation stage . Even if child wants to become a successful smart farmer Like in Bihar, we should derive initiatives from our Ancient EDUACTION SYSTEM. Unfortunately in past English colonisers had destroyed our EDUCATION SYSTEM and implemented their CONVENT SYSTEM as a result our children & Youth left-out with just Ratta-Marna where there is no INNOVATION & PRACTICALS. 
0 0 At least all the government colleges should have one single stop website like this one where there must be an option for the Engineers duly verified to register for a weekly lecture/interaction at the nearby engineering college. This will help the graduating students to be well updated with the latest industry scenario and also give a fulfillment to such engineers who want to share their experiences with the system that brought them where they are today. 
0 0 Sir,good evening,i am a proud citizen of India under your rule. Sir medical education in India is not efficient and very long.The term of MBBS education should be reduced to 3.5 years exactly n not a month more. The problem is by the time we graduate students from other fields finish their postgraduation which raises a question on Quality and Efficiency of medical education.In my opnion MBBS+POSTGRADUATION should be compulsory for a max term of 5.5 years.Yours sincerely--Swapnil Wagh 
0 0 (Disclaimer: Based on Brief Report) 1. National Testing Service SHOULD NOT be organised by AICTE because its other tasks are already taxing. Rather it should be conducted by different bodies. 2. Improving Sub-standard institutions requires Alumni support. Alumni should be considered as agents of improvements and be given some relevant authority at respective institutions. 3.Research focussed institutions do good on ranking but bad on undergraduate teaching.Let teaching be at higher priority. 
1 0 I am mechanical engineer and it's very unfortunate to say that I am not satisfied with my graduation....our education system should changed....we all engieers know theory but we don't know how to apply it...it's like there is no use of this degree...there is huge gap between the expectations of industries and what we get knowledge from our degree...so we don't get job as per our expectations. ..I think our sytem is wasting our innovative minds In ratta mar technology. ..which is of no use.... 
0 0 As we students decide our interests after 10th it should changed...in 5th standard parents should go to analyser who will analyse the interest of student towards perticular field and accordingly our syllabus should be  redesigned....and it should not be of ratta mar types...by using practicle experiences knowledge should be given...and active participation from the students is expected..the syllabus shold be in such a way thah it shouldable to ignite the curiosity in the mind of student 
1 0 Classes 8, 9 should have basic LAW (Indian Penal Code) awareness in their curriculum. Do middle school kids know the consequences for crimes in our society?  Being aware of the consequences will bring in social reform. For example: Eve Teasing, Raging, Rape, Driving under the influence, Drugs, to name a few… if children are educated on the few IPC sections, such crimes fall under, its punishment, and social stigma such crimes bring to the perpetrators. Educate them young, it will be a deterrent. 
1 0 Classes like 9,11,13&14 should have a common subject on social awareness which has highlight on the areas of Traffic rules and regulations, Prevention and its losses of Drug Addiction-Drinking and Smoking,First Aid procedure,Government policies and procedures,Defense courses and its eligibility,Prominent soldiers and their brave stories,Protection of Water- Energy&other resources,Public awareness campaigns,Yoga-Meditation, Basics of Ayurveda,plant&animal protection. It Helps youth. 
0 0 Civil society srinagar has taken a serious note of negligent approach of j&k government, j&k Education department as it fails to come up with short list of those candidates who have applied for accountant ,Je ,resource teachers and class iv posts under serva shiksha abhyan (SSA) scheme in 2014 .Despite lapse of two years the department is paying no heed to the issue and is least bothered about the wastage of precious time and burning issue like un- employment.This is the final intimation to the J&k government,j&k Education department in this regarding to settle the issue within two weeks time otherwise be ready to face the legal way. (CIVIL SOCIETY SRINAGAR ) 
4 0 My Gov. i request u to change our education system of India. i m a 3yr Engineering student pursuing my Btech in Information Technology, There are total of 40 subject for whole Engineering ,n 99% study just 1 night before the exam n fortunately they get passed n its a real fact, bt if u allow us to give d exam of whole Engineering subject in a single year n practicals can be continued later.so that we can save our 3yrs n money as well dat can be utilised 4 sme other prps. 
1 0 All the Govt and as well as the Engg and Polytechnic colleges should have all the infrastructures for the benefit of the students and the Qualification and experience of the lecturers and professors should be equal to that of those in IITs.If any misuse of power is noted the Minister of the concerned dept should step down.All the Arts and science colleges should encourage students in submitting papers in research work in science and technology.then only they should be admitted in PG courses. 
0 1 Fees of all technical colleges all over India should be same Jobs assurance after getting degree, if not possible close colleges.think of parents who invested 8-20 lakhs for their children. Salary package given to technical students by private sector must be defined. Jobseekers have to accept because of large employment. Just think what they will do in 2-3 lakhs pa package in cities 
0 0 Lakhs of Engineering students need to undergo Industrial Training as a part of their degree curriculum. AICTE must give proper direction to the Engg Institutes to consult with Industries for their convenience. Institutes rarely consult Industry before sending their students for in-plant training. Semester, duration, credit etc. must be communicated to the Approved institutes. They MUST USE e-mail communication from their own domains, NOT from  gmail/yahoo etc. while contacting Industry. 
0 0 Look at the problems from top down. We have call drop issue. We have very high density of mobiles. We need more towers. Can we have a research funding to figure what are the solutions which no one in the world has thought about. First find out the extent of the issue. Then find out the causes. Find solutions which will be unique to solve this. Others: Solving flooding of Mumbai during monsoon. Reduce dependence of farmers on monsoon. Solve sewage disposal for Cities. Solutions for Railways. 
1 0 UGC NET Bureau not accepting AICTE Approved and Equaled PGDM to MBA, even AIU assosiation of indian university became more powerfull than AICTE 
0 0 One thing that the education should focus on is Solving current problems and Technical education to meet the Ambitious goals set for the Nation. Just take Make in India: We will need practical skills. The Suggestion of Internship is a great. We need is for the premier institutions (IITs, NITs, IISc etc) have their faculty contribute along with Industry. We need a Sematech (USA) or a MITI (Japan) for solving the complex problems. A forum for Industrial Innovation with contribution from both. 
1 0 I have done B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering. I think we should provide engineering education in a way that will make him instant industry ready. This can be done by ensuring more institute- industry contact. Every engineering institute must be assigned to a industry or a group of industries. These industries will provide training to students in each semester rather than having one semester as training semester. To make students more professional, we have to change the environment of institutes 
0 0 This time I am pursuing b.tech from rtu kota rajasthan.There are 132 colleges run under rtu kota .Every year approx.2 lakh student passed out from rajasthan & comes in line of unemployment. please #AICTE,#MHRD ,why u are giving permission to open new college. some person who do not have technical ability they also open a college &their moto is only to earn more and more money only...... 
0 0 AICTE Norms on Teaching Posts must be revised. Eligibility criteria must specify minimum years of experience in Teaching domain, years of experience in Industrial domain, Years of experience in R&D domain seperately. It should be noted that, teaching, industrial, R&D experiences will not be equivalent to one another in terms of professing in the engineering profession. It is surprising, most of the professors were having nil industrial/R&D experiences (professors without professional practice). 
0 0 We must also look forward to diversity in our institutions allowing foreign nationals and recognising world universities is also important in order to gain respect and exchange better minds. We say that all the best minds leave India, why not their education is not recognised here that's why not!! 
0 0 I agree with the points mentioned in chapter 4 of the report, and support the use of internship (would encourage to make it 1year instead of 2 months) and grants. The amount is quite handy for starters but to really advantage from the R&D industries must participate. Having a R&D centre owned by companies will help in knowledge exchange from industrial level and professors and students will gain a lot from this. This will also ensure the amount is spent well instead to loosing is as in 1970's 
0 0 On April 17 a demoralised All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) was granted a temporary reprieve by a division bench of the Supreme Court here allowing it to retain its regulatory authority over technical education in the country for the academic year 2014-15. 
0 0 The section 3 in the report suggests that AICTE would be the only apex body, although that's good will detoriate the teaching quality. In developed contries subjects are accredited not just the universities which allows latest advancements to be part of the education. Institutions such as IET, IEEE, EC etc help develop such courses by accrediting them. The proposal must have a room to allow such accredition without that the modern technical education will lag behind. 
0 0 As part of the process of "Prime Ministers  Special scholarship scheme for students of Jammu And Kashmir 2015-16" we could see tremendous response from the young students of the state desirous of getting admissions in various colleges of India. Since it is partially automated process, we had to work at extended hours even through whole night in order to handle such a huge response. It is therefore requested that the whole process of allocation of colleges should be completely automated. 
0 0 One of the main problems here is corruption.  If institutes are inspected properly by Universities, AICTE and/or UGC, most of the institutions working today will have to be shut down.  These institution do not have adequate facilities as required by the regulations.  These inspections should be carried out by non-corrupt AICTE officials.  In addition, a central government should make verification inspections.  Make AICTE an autonomus body so that these politicians cannot influence the officials 
0 0 Respected Sir/Madam,Now i am interested in doing PHD. But as the limitations of guide avaibility is huge problem, i am facing. Eventhough i am ready with new innovative research ideas but have to wait for avaibilities. Sir, let the students like me atleast enter into the research system. Afterwards lots filters can be applied to check our research quality. lots of researchers are wasting their times in wating or some of them even don't think about going for PHD because of such uncerainities. 
1 0 सर देशमे तकनीकी महाविद्धयालय इतनी तेजी से और इतनी अधिक मात्रा मे खुल रहे है जैसे सब्जी मंडी मे दुकाने , जिनमे न ही संपूर्ण व्यवस्थायें है और ना ही शिक्षको की गुणवत्ता .... शिक्षको के पास न उचित डिग्री है और न ही एक्सपीरियेन्स ... ऐसे माहौल से पड़कर निकले छात्र न खुद का विकास कर सकते है न ही देश का , बस देश मे कुशल बेरोजगारों की संख्या बडा रहे संलग्न तस्वीर कुछ यही बया कर रही मेरा अनुरोध है कि उन्ही कालेजों को अनुमति मिलते रहना चाहिये जो पूरी गाइडलाइन को सही से फालो करते है 
0 0 1) PM Manmohanji used presentation on 15-Aug-09.Budget for enhancing skills of 14 crore people in just 4000 Crore in 10 years. http://www.slideshare.net/rrakhecha/spreading-compuer-learningppt-compat... I will implement it aggressively. I am senior IT professional, can devote full time without remuneration.2)Get FREE Content in all schools from Earthsoft Foundation of Guidance working as NGO, education & career guidance,soft skills enhancements http://www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1s2bvh2 
1 0 hello, madam or sir mere jaise bahut se students hoge jo apni study kuch karan se chod di ya unhone chod de.  aap log ek aisa kadam ya rules bana de ki wo 2003 se laker 2012 tak k student apna choda hua saal ko ya jis student ka paper back bhi hua hai oe wo exams nahi de paya to phir se apna wahi back paper ya year ka exams de sakta hai. plz madam ye mere jaise bahut student hoge jo apna bhaviyash phir se sudharna chate hai. 
0 0 As in MCA 6th sem we have Industrial training student sit in home and hire projects from vendors and get marks from college so apply a rule for all universities that this training can be from reputed company and company should provide this training on today business technology requirements. 
0 0 i am MCA student as i know MCA is not affiliated to AICTE because somewhere MCA students do not get job if they sit with B.Tech students B.Tech student get job earlier than MCA student first design a very effective syllabus for MCA so that student leave the habbit of studying Qusetion bank or guide types of books. keep some new technology in MCA syllabus . Give preference to MCA people also MCA student learn programming language but BE student not . 
0 0 Industrial Training and Final Year Project are two biggest thing in the entire curriculum of BTech. MHRD should convince all the MnCs and PSUs to invite applications from students who wish to attend Industrial Training at their premise. Unfortunately many students either do not get a chance for good training or just do it for the sake of getting certificate as it has some marks associated. Kindly involve all the companies falling under Companies Act to provide mandatory training to Eng students. 
1 0 pl make clear policy of distance education on technical degree many deemed ,private university offering B.Tech M.Tech even Diploma engg. my self is confused whether we consider this dist passed students for higher  post  or admission in higher studies in regular mode .pl guide us 
1 0 Respected pm sir सबसे पहले मै आपका बहौत बड़ा प्रसंसक हूं।मै ये कहना चाहता हूँ की सभी स्कूल तथा कॉलेज में एक नया सिलेबस जोड़ा जाये वो है indian language ki  किसी को कन्नड़ आती है तो किसी को तमिल तो किसी को बंगाली तोह किसी को पंजाबी ।अगर इन सभी भासाओ को मिलकर एक subject  बना दिया जाये तोह लोगो को भारत के किसी भी राज्य में जाने में कठिनाई नही होगी और न ही किसी भासाओ को समझने में कोई तक्लिफे होगी ।इससे हमारा देश शिक्षित होगा और आगे बढेगा । धन्यवाद आपका सुभ चिंतक 
0 0 Respected pm sir शिक्षा के क्षेत्र य् में आरक्षण बंद कर देनी चाहिए क्यों की आरक्षण की वजह से सही टैलेंट सामने नही आ पता ।पैसे की मदद तो सरकार वैसे भी करती है फिर परिक्षा में क्यों आरक्षण ये तो टैलेंट पे निर्भर करता है।आपसे बहौत सी उम्मीदे जुडी है।धन्यबाद ।।। 
1 0 Sir.. Please do something to stop loot of all our brilliant youngsters from these colleges run by politically motivation's. students enthusiasm ,their talent,their courage,everything is wasted ,they r demoralised,so called aicte is just watching's the game from keeping hands folded...if we don't do anything now then it will be too late sir...uproot these British left overs prevailing our education system...its time of industry institutions-collaboration ,its time for blended mode of education 
2 0 Respected pm sir, Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving open universities to offer it under learn and earn scheme in blended mode,so that one can learn quality ,Innovative,market relevant education with cost effectiveness....also industries will get employees as per their need 
3 0 Democratize engineering education for poor students by approving all Open Universities of India to offer it free under "Learn and Earn" scheme in blended mode ! 
0 0 Please make a easy way to tackle the gap between the period of education in foreign countries and in India. For eg. We have the relaxation to finish the two yr pg course in one year and when we come back to India, it is very difficult to get equivalent certificates. Please make it digital and help the students who come back from foreign nations. I was not able to do phd even though i got my masters from world's 41st university. This is so heart breaking when we come back with colours :( 
0 0 Syllabus of B Tech should be designed as per current requirement. I studied during my B Tech, the syllabus which was desined in 1986. I did graduation in 2015. This is the situation 
0 0 Syllabus of B Tech should be designed as per current requirement. I studied during my B Tech, the syllabus which was desined in 1986. I did graduation in 2015. This is the situation 
0 0 Professors in NITs are very flexible in term of maintaining the discipline,  attitude, and so many other valuable things related to students. 
0 0 Sir each student from IIT and NITS must given a task to do sth innovative / new for nation or society before complition of third year. 
0 0 AICTE objectives must meet the demands of what our Industry needs. Many students want to go abroad after graduation - and this may be due to a mismatch between Indian companies requirement of a fresh graduate, the students aim what she/he wants to achieve and what type of students the collages brings out. AICTE must also emphasise on quality of teachers in colleges. #AICTE #MHRD #TechnicalEducation #MyGov 
1 0 AICTE needs a major revamp and changes have to be beyond cosmetic changes. Large number of institutions run by for profit organizations have mushroomed all over the country. This needs to be regulated and in garb of autonomy these institutions are selecting below par students. As expected output is also bad. However, we have examples good private funded institutions like BITS, Pilani. Why not look at these model institutions for solutions. 
0 0 AICTE should make engineering syllabus more practical than theory. Projects should be made mandatory from 2'nd year onwards. 
0 0 GOVT NEED TO IDENTIFY AND SELECT THE BEST TEACHERS SAY 500 TO 1000 NOS ALL OVER FROM INDIA AND SPONSOR THEM HERE TO CANADA TO STUDY ABOUT THE EDUCATION SYSTEM AND INDUCT THEM TO HEAD THE GOVT SCHOOLS IN INDIA AND START A NEW BREED OF GOVT SCHOOLS BETTER THAN THE PRIVATE SCHOOLS IN THE NEXT 5 YEARS WILL HELP THE NEW GENERATION INDIA. 
0 0 AICTE AND UGC SHOULD BE CLUBBED TOGETHER AND A NEW BODY LIKE NATIONAL HIGHER EDUCATION AUTHORITY BE CREATED.THERE SHOULD NOT BE SEPARATE PAY COMMISSION FOR AICTE AND UGC AS THEY SIMPLY DO COPY PASTE WORK AFTER TAKING 2 YEARS TO PREPARE THE REPORT AND SO 7 TH CPC SHOULD BE OFFERED TO THEM.ALL THE LECTURERE SHOULD BE SENT TO NIT/IIT FOR PH.D 
0 0 sir mene aapko 14 07 2015 ko italy se letter likh tha ummed karta hu aapko mila hoga jai hind 
0 0 Government and other parties such as public and private companies should increase the funding available for various research programs in research institute and labs. Often time funding is the bottleneck for pursuing "out of box" ideas. Institutes need to work towards developing innovation culture where students will feel motivated to follow research programs and get appreciation towards the satisfaction of inventing something new. 
1 0 Gov. should fix a criteria to run private engineering colleges. The fact is that most of the engineering colleges running today are fake and they are just making must rather than teaching student. The focus should be to provide high quality education to the students in order to brighten their career. This is the only way to make people technically sound and this way they will be able to add value to the society. 
0 0 Sir, I would like to say that give focus on the students except iits, nits. Becuz only 1% student are in iits & what about other students. And also give focus on higher education . thank you. 
0 0 Both qualitative and quantitative method of teaching must be carried throughout the country by the govt.Because private colleges are money oriented.If more and more students are encouraged for technical education along with skill development then there would be more chance for innovations from them  which could be the turning point for us and the development will be faster in our  country like it has been in USA,China,Japan etc. 
1 0 Technology needs to come to NIT's and IIT's for development of education and research. This is only possible if these institutes run hand in hand with companies that work on the latest technologies. Allowing companies to set up R&D centres at campus will help professors and students to contribute to the company and education. Inviting companies to improve the higher education is the best why to do this and funding these research will improve the education down to school level. 
0 0 Reservation must be made for the seats of girls in IIT and NITs. 
0 0 I would like to suggest in the inculcation and co-operative effort of companies and students to develop. Students have new ideas and companies have the necessary resources. I think this would also help increase the innovation among students that India is lacking currently. 
0 0 I think there should be strict regulation for opening and running of engineering colleges. High quality faculty atleast M Tech should be allowed to teach B. Tech. There should be strict monitoring of functioning of private universities and engineering colleges as they are more for make money and less for education .... 
0 0 माननीय मोदी जी में आपको मध्य प्रदेश में उच्च शिक्षा की और ध्यान आकर्षित कराना चाहूँगा pdf attach 
1 0 There are so many colleges opened without any intension. Due to this, value of education going down. It increases unemployment. one more there is no eligibility in govt jobs for the people who are studied through distance education. Then for wat purpose we follow that concept of distance education? Even in the private sector also not consider that. Do something for that. 
1 0 I think dere should he change in btech n mtech curriculum bcoz we don't study latest tech no,practical knowledge n nothing only old books and all if our govt don't look in that matter unemployment rate increase year by year 
0 0 BTech/MTech projects must focus on societal issues. Projects should have a coguide from a national / state institute (e.g., IIT, IISER, DAE, DOS, DRDO, etc) so that projects meet a high quality as well as facilities in these institutes are utilised. Many faculties/scientists in these institutes would be happy to share their knowledge and resources. 
0 0 make technical education more practical, courses linked to industrial problems, real time projects to be encouraged, moreover practical and projects should be mandatory for each year for passing, and not marks, and above all clean the education system from caste based reservation and introduce financial reservation, award scolarships, etc. 
0 0 Bring in anytime open exam including practicals for any degree course or program, take a national policy like our traditional search for god sanyasihood free education from institutional and govt. grip! 
1 0 #AICTE , #MHRD : the industry institute interaction should be strengthened. The industrial internship should be made mandatory in engineering eduction similar to BITS PILANI PRACTICE SCHOOL. IN case govt needs help they can contact BITS for help. 
0 0 Most of universities are run by public charter trusts or socities, there is no question of private ownership ensure public charter 
0 0 It was focussing more on control. It has to work more on development. Professional bodies can control or audit quality & development. 
1 0 kindly make national policy on the fee structure and stop commercialization of professional courses 
0 0 I met Mr. Rudy and provided him with some suggestion on involvement of Professionals from various Industry. My one suggestion is instead of involving top management peoples in NSDC , Please involve ground level people . I am not sure how much time the chairman of NMDC will be giving apart from his business.He is chairign abig private organisationand expecting time from him for this is question mark. 
0 0 We should divide AICTE in sub domains for proper functioning. 
0 0 All admission for professional courses should be through common entrance exam based only in all over India without any type of relaxation i.e. reservation, quota, paid sheet etc. This will help to grown/lift up Indian Education Standard in international Market. All the colleges/Institutions should be rated by its student, parents, faculty member, Industrialists after leaving the Institute for fare evaluation. 
0 0 Technical education needs saperate skills and do practicals more than academics. Needless to say Institutions should be more on practical based projects and students should depend on open market or public benefitted programmes. Talented professionals should have their brains placed and comeout with some new innovations and give a bigger road to the upcoming students with brushed brains.... 
0 1 AICTE KA institute of engineers (AMIE - kolkata) hamesha chalu rakhna. us se garib student jo degree nae kar sakte une kuch kar dikhana ka mouka milta hai. 
0 0 Dear modi bhai. . . use here hindlish language. mera bhanja( nephew) ek cancer patient tha. jab hum ek college mai gaye diploma admission ke liye waha mangement fees mangi 2 lakh. kyoki uske marks kam they. uske alawa college walo ne kuch bat na suni.ab usne diploma mai palgher mai admission le liya hai. kya AICTE college mai cencer patient ke liye kuch cota hosakti hai.is se uske carrier ko bahot fayda hoga. uske jaise bahot student honge.pl.kuch kijiye une bare mei.from AMIT PARMAR (MUMBAI) 
0 0 dear modiji... sir u r talking abt skill India...but the declaration of result in ITI . taking so much time...for that so many students are not able to apply job...so plz take immediate action for .this...result should be declare within 2month...sir I m from rourkela..I m big fan of yours..I attend twice your rally in rourkela....u r speech r very touchable to me...I want to see you as pm for minimum 30 years... 
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, Why can't we learn from SHIVAJI MAHARAJ's powerful Administration & His clever politics like VERY SECRETLY carried out MISSION for fighting against Unrighteousness while having numerous spies and feedback providers throughout country & Secretly abroad. I think SHIVAJI MAHARAJ was inspired from KAUTILYA's Arthasastra having Eight ministers exchanging ideas & thoughts. WE NOW need to take him as inspiration for our economy with SUPER POLICE fight against ALCOHOLISM & CORRUPTION.. 
0 0 Continuation-These will give lot of exposure to the student as well as it will also save the government money as in this the universities will utilize their own funds for making the college’s self-dependent. The advantage of this will be as the student will be getting real practical experience of field. Advantage to companies will be that they need not to spend much money on the R&D set ups. This same advantage will be implied to government in saving money. 
0 0 I would like to give a suggestion to AICTE if they really want to contribute in Make In India concept, then they should really make a mandate for universities(like rating of universities) to have a tie up with industries like in foreign countries the companies are doing. The universities should take live project from various companies for R&D related works, like for developing software’s, designing the tools of companies or may work as sub-contractor for completing the project. 
2 0 AICTE is giving affiliation to many institutions which don't have enough resources to run programmes,many student are getting Degrees but they are becoming unemployed which is a nation's Loss,this all have become money Game,stop this,have Quality. 
0 0 AICTE which looks after the technical education in the country lacking the spirit to improve technical education especially quality.  Now a days lot of engg college are flourishing on the expense of quality. Syllabus is not up to the mark.  Need of industry is different nd the syllabus is different. 
0 0 i think today education becomes business specially in engineering secotr & it is only due to AICTE which grant affiliation to open new engineering colleges on large scale without proper investigation & in many cases officers take money in one hand and give permission to open colleges in other hands.The quality of higher education in india is decreasing exponentially so that unemployment increases & very few peoples take interest in doing research 
0 0 Sir, Just went through report and like the suggestions and NEED for faculty development. I am working as a Astt Prof in Govt Engg college in Maharashtra from last 15 years and doing my job with full integrity. I am selected for PhD programme at IIT Roorkee under "AICTE QIP scheme". But our so called progressive state government denied me the deputation, and I am loosing my life time opportunity because of it. DO YOU REALLY THINK YOUR SUGGESTIONS WILL BE IMPLEMENTED?  ground reality is different 
0 0 AICTE needs to be praised for increasing the productivity of technical graduates in the country,they can also be useful in Increasing PhD holders in the country,they can also be helpful in rewarding innovation research,patents in the country.AICTE need not be closed,they are in tune with Capitalism system.Merge them with Medical council of India(MCI)there will be enough production of medical doctors,Merge them with NCTE,you will get enough teachers,Finally merge them with MSME,entrepreneurs boom 
0 0 I am UGC NET qualified in Management but, i am not getting job as lectureship in IIM,government colleges or Institution approved by AICTE with UGC pays scale,AICTE has failed to protect faculty members and ensuring thier rights 
0 0 after completion of graduation every firm asks for experience.. no experience no job .. certain period of months must be allocated for gaining practical knowledge within the graduation term itself so that at the end of completion of graduation the candidate have sufficient experience which can be proved as very very beneficial for the canddates 
0 0 First of all AICTE must stops permission to open new colleges of engineering,because colleges are more than expected,engineering syllabus should be application oriented rather than subject oriented,because if compare with Computer science engineering syllabus should be same like IIT and entrance also same like IIT that's the core thing Government should do as per my openion then all engineer will becomes skilled and automatically it will helps to get job. 
0 0 AICTE MUST make it compulsory to colleges/ industries to link their engineers/faculty with aadhar numbers to check the colleges who are recruiting fake professors as faculty. It will be good if the apex body monitor the faculty achievements and give funds accordingly for improving the quality of technical education in India. Also recruit PHDs as faulty 
1 0 Aaj jiten students engineering college me admission lete hai unme she Kewal 10 se15 %  ko job mil pata hai  Baki  sabhi berojgaar ho jate  h kyuki colleges se  niklane wale students ki sankhya industry me vacancy se  jayada h..So I request you sir please close those engineering college s which can't provide job to the students 
1 0 AICTE should have engineering colleges representatives to understand problem areas and formulate strategy to bring improvement and innovations in engineering education. 
0 0 Almost all the subjects are outdated and hardly help one in his professional excellency, the content must be revised from time to time to keep our education system updated and competitive to world standards. 
1 0 Low Quality Engineering College ko band krdo sirf yhi aasha h aapse 
0 0 kurukshetra univ ki team ko to aap paise me mana sakte ho kuch nhi kehte bechare....maine aise aise college dekhe h jinme lab practicals sirf time table me h.....pure college me dhundne se bhi lab class nhi milti 
0 0 AICTE ki team kbhi inspection nhi krti kisi college me.....jab krti h to college walo ko pta hota h ki team aa rhi h..to wo arrangement krte h puri.....bina btaye jao fir pta chlega sachai ka 
0 0 parents itni fees dete h engineering k liye.last me kya milta h bas degree or bhi bas naam ki....kaam to aati nhi bcoz quality education nhi h most pvt.colleges me 
0 0 12th me 40% marks wale engineering me admission le rhe hain or wo bhi non attending....college wale kehte h bas admission le lo pass hum karwa denge......yeh band hona chahiye 
1 0 THERE ARE NO JOBS FOR ENGINEERS WITHOUT EXPERIENCE. IF THEY EVEN GET IT, SALARY IS AROUND 6-7K IN CITIES LIKE BANGALORE AND PUNE.STUDENTS TAKE UPTO 4L FROM BANKS TO COMPLETE ENGINEERING ON LOANS. COLLEGES PROMISE 100% PLACEMENTS WHICH THEY MERELY DO. THERE ARE LOT OF VICTIMS OF THIS SYSTEM WHICH DOES NOT IMPART QUALITY(INDUSTRY BASED) EDUCATION. AS A RESULT, THEY TEND TO FORGET WHAT THEY HAVE LEARNT AND DO TECH.SUPPORT/BPO/KPO/ETC ETC JOBS.{ECE ENGINEERS MAINLY} 
1 0 KUK k under jitne bhi pvt engineering college hain sabhi me itni nakal chalti h exam me ki btana muskil h...engineering ka naam badnaam kr diya govt.ne itne college ko affiliation deke....kisi college me lecturer nhi h...inspection hoti h to ek din k liye bula lete hain 1000 rs. me aa jate h 
0 0 Dear sir my request is to allow recognition to AMIE (IEI) based on technical education. 
0 0 3. There should be no adhoc faculty in college since they have least experience and comparatively lesser educational qualifications as compared to permanent faculty. I request you Prime minister ji to take some necessary action in this regard so that India can  regain it's lost glory and once again become a world guru in the recent years to come. Thank you With regards An ordinary citizen of India 
0 0 PL CORRECT THE ADMISSION PROCEDURE OF JOSAA FOR IIT AND NIT ADMISSION. IIT DECLARED A LIST OF 26000 STUDENT WHILE A STUDENT RANKED 18000 COULD NOT GET ADMISSION IN IIT WHILE SEAT GOES VACANT IN THESE INSTITUTE ONLY BECAUSE STUDENT NOT GET SEAT WITHDRAW OPTION. SOLUTION FOR IT - DO SPOT ROUND ADMISSION FROM RANK LIST OF STUDENT WITH IN WEEK AFTER STUDENT SELECTED NOT AVAILABLE FOR REPORTING IN SELECTED INSTITUTION. DO FAST AS TIME IS LIMITED FOR THIS YEAR ADMISSION. 
0 0 Request for Filling of all vacant seat of all IIT / NIT /GFTI that will help the all student who are in queue and waiting for getting any seat if vacant. under Joint Counselling for IITs, NITs, IIITs and GFTIs by Joint Seat Allocation Authority (JoSAA). for session 2015-16.•	A spot round for all those candidates who either wish to withdraw their current allotment or didn’t participate in the earlier rounds. 
0 0 2. There is no integration of our universities with industry. Only there are a few of them which have started this initiative. Since I have done my b.tech from a state govt. Institute and Post graduation from NIT I know that there is a huge difference between what we study in college and what is happening in industry. If India has to fulfill the make in India initiative integration is must to develop the skilled manpower. 
1 0 I think there is a need to reform the whole education system especially the higher education department. I would like to suggest certain points in this regard 1. There is a need to bring reform in the UGC and the AICTE. These institutions give recognitions and affiliations to the private institutes without checking whether the institute or the university fulfill requisite conditions. The result is that quality of education is poor and below standard. I think there is need to streamline both. 
0 0 Infrastructure ekdam kharab hai har jagah...har jagah sirf aur sirf theoretical concepts hi padhaye jaate hai...koi precticals ni kuchh ni....pure din bas assignments tutorials copies....in sab me se kuchh vakt mile to koi engineer kuchh innovative soch sake....research to ho hi ni raha hai...rare case me aisi collages milti hai jaha par research ka kaam hota hai...The research is must thing to make something new something innovative, a new invention. 
0 0 Most Prvt Engg colgs r much of club. But even in NITs and IITs student suffer from quality crisis. Specially the newly upgraded one. Just on the lines of govt. Jobs the lecturers and  professors must get transferred so that not only students of newly upgraded institute will get at par education but also this will enhance the skills of teachers. Further for promoting quality teachers to join remote NITs a handsome hardship allowance has to be granted. Competence test for teachers will also help. 
0 0 Respected Prime minister ji India was once a centre of learning and excellence for the whole world. Students from all over the world used to come here to study in the world famous universities like Nalanda and Takshila in India. But the present situation is that none of our university has been  in top 100. Even our prestigious IITs which we boasts as the country best institutions has not make it to this list. This is shameful for the whole country. So who is responsible for all this. 
1 0 Part 8 13) Lastly we must see that there are problems faced by the Private colleges/universities such as shortage of funds and finance, because of which they dont invest in Infrastructure, Labs, Faculty. 14) Government must provide easy low interest loans, subsidized equipment, labs to such institutes, and they must also provide with annual funds till such private universities/colleges become 100 % functional provided that theymust be under strict qualitycheck and higherstandards of learning 
0 0 Me Manoj Kushwah i have done mba and i am working as marketing executive.i have paid donation formy education to institute and now i heard about same problem for same institute which has not delivered promised done to student at the time of admition. I have given my vote my leader sir modi. Me and there is so many student who want modi sir take decision on those private intitute which are ruining the life of student.Think about that those who gives donation for taking degree. 
0 0 GOOD 
0 0 It is a matter of Shame that there are private coaching classes for Engineering Subjects in most cities in India - this indicates that even at college level students cannot cope with their course work, pointing to POOR QUALITY OF TEACHING in MOST COLLEGES, especially their Junior Years. Based on Review of Teaching Quality (webcam recordings/ evaluation), Private Colleges should be forced by AICTE to employ more qualified staff or provide Coaching to Lecturers, since their Fee is so HIGH. 
1 0 Part 7 10) The solution is, no institute must be allowed to set up until they have 100% Infrastructure and trained faculty and staff. 11) Faculty and staff in private colleges are underpaid and discriminated as compared to the faculty/staff in government colleges/universities. 12) There must be strict labour laws and proper remuneration and salaries must be paid as per norms. 
0 0 Part 6: 8) we have great world class institutes like IITs and IISc , but are they doing enough for nation building, as citizens we can ask questions as all of them are funded by tax payers money. Great Engineers coming out of such institutes- are they contributing anything for the country or are they leaving to foreign countries for higher salary packages. 9) There is no world class research or inventions coming out of such institutes- we must find out the reason? we must stop the brain drain 
0 0 Mai arjun bhat ak i t i prayvet tichar hou studant 10 class pass karke admiction lete hai unka english week hai is liye unhe tuf jata hai collejme unhe pass kiya jata hai uska parinam unke job par pad raha hai ham unhe unki bhasha me pdhate hai lekin exam me problem aa rha hai our ek bat prayvet collejes ek  bisnes huva hai 
0 0 I would like to request honourable Ms smriti Irani to start education on project management as a compulsory course in engineering and MBA. Also this should be an optional one in 11th and 12th standard too. We Indians are very bad in project management and the kind of growth India has to do in coming 20 years, the country needs lot of very strong project management professionals. 
0 0 AICTE must conduct a Pilot Study for a few select technical colleges and evaluate Quality of Students Before & After: 1)Assistence to Improve the Quality of Teaching Staff 2) Assistance in Improving Level of Labs & Equipment 3)Improving Quality of Teching in ALL YEARS of Course-work Based on results of such a study schemes for improvement in Technical Education can be replicated countrywide. 
0 0 Part 5: 7) But do we have specialized trained engineers and skilled labour for making # Make in India successful, if substandard institutes produce such poor quality of engineers, and there is no strict quality check done by UGC and AICTE, there will be a huge shortfall of skilled labour and engineers. 8) India needs a big overhaul of its education system specially in technical education, otherwise our students and young generation will be plagued with problems like umemployment, shame,failure 
0 0 Part 4: 6) As core branches of engineering are dying a slow death, a time will come when India will face a severe crunch of electronics,communication, mechanical engineers. 7) Manufacturing and Research/Development must be done in India, as India has just become a service Industry. We must prove to the world that we are more than just call centers and BPO's. Thanks to our Prime Minister, for his initiatives like #Make in India, # Digital India, if this all is successful, it will create jobs. 
0 0 Experts reviewing college standards simply follow either the official version of information given by College authorities or what they observe (Lab equipment etc). They must also have anonymous but detailed interviews with students at different levels of accomplishments access the actual ground realities of level of Teaching in a college. Without this Sincere and Detailed effort, the Gap between Rating Vs Reality will remain and India will remain a Laggard at the International level 
0 0 Dear Sir Please save our planet / country for future generation Waste from a house can be broadly divided in to two categories – dry waste and wet waste. Both need to be disposed and recycled differently. Wet can be used for producing energy and bio soil. On the other hand, dry waste and it can be recycled The local municipal corporation & contractors are not following this system. So there should be a law or strict guideline Thanks Gajendra K Vaishnav Bhayander, mumbai. 
0 0 Part 3: 4) Because of such problems, Institutes are producing Illiterate engineers every year, and eventually students remain unemployed. 5) There are no jobs available for engineers in core technical areas such as Electronics and Communication, Mechanical etc. These mother branches are dying a slow death, as students are no more interested to study such subjects, as there are not many jobs for such sectors. Engineers are surviving thanks to software industry in India. 
0 0 Most private colleges all over the country have very poor teaching standards, even though they may have a good curriculum (on paper). Most students hardly use textbooks of international repute (eg. those prescribed in IITs,USA, UK). The text lack deep explanation of concepts and are more like study guides based on previous years' question papers. To compensate, colleges have 3 week preparatory leave prior to exams. Still by 4th year only 20% of original batch pass in all courses. 
0 0 Referring to my earlier comment please concentrate on how science can be made easier to understand by common man. How can we make common man to understand or at-least have some basic grounding in science and mathematics. If a student comes home with some mathematical doubt at-least his parents should be able to clear them. Prof yash pal after launching of gagan said he understood how the GPS system works but there was no forum on which he/or anyone was given an opportunity to explain. 
0 0 Part 2: 1) Education is no more a noble profession and its just a money minting business for the politicians and the super rich. Every nook and corner of the country is filled with such substandard institutes. 2) UGC and AICTE have failed to keep a check on this, because of which our students are suffering with unemployment and shame. 3) There are no labs and trained faculty, no equipments, no books, zero research, no motivation for students, no strict criteria for admissions. 
1 0 AICTE should be strengthened. I don't feel AICTE is a problem. The problem of low quality is because of inadequate schooling. I teach at an engineering college. I know the frustration of the students and teachers like us. We are curious. We want to learn but no one to guide or inspire confidence. Science popularizers are missing in this vast country. People like sam pitroda, prof yash pal are not celebrated enough. Modiji please restart a few programs like "turning point" again. 
1 0 The large number of Low Quality Technical institutes in India represent a significant capital investment. Instead of closing them such institutions should be gradually upgraded or diversified through joint participation of government over a 5-10 year period.It is important to realize that poor education ultimately affects the well being of a Nation - it has adverse impact on Technical, Commercial and Social sectors, ultimately affecting the Nation. 
1 0 I am writing my views after lot of thinking regarding problems faced by our students in the technical education sector in India. The technical education in India has degraded to the lowest level possible. Many private universities and colleges have cropped up all over India because of easy approval from UGC and AICTE. There is no strict quality check, all is a eye wash done by UGC and AICTE. These institutes are producing illiterate engineers every year and many of  them are unemployed. 
0 0 The Government should move away from multiple regulatory agencies and authorities in #HigherEducation especially #TechnicalEducation.A single massive constitutional authority which will report directly to legislature should be vested with expertise, finances and functionaries to carry out regulation and accreditation in all fields, areas of education both technical and academic. This will ensure uniformity and less pressure on students. Relieve the psychological pressure currently bogging 'em 
0 0 I am completed my B.tech in 2013. after that i am bearing the pain of unemployment. it is not due to my error but due to govt policy. it open up colleges like grocery shop which distribute certificate like toys. I am one of the fool Indian guy who believes in the promises of this private college. now i am preparing for competitive examination for PSU in which almost every seats a sell by their brokers who out the paper and even manage the interview. Now i have only one option to prepare for bank 
0 0 Parameters set for grading colleges should set by experts, based on international standards. These include: Qualif. of staff, Lab Equipments and Standards of Teaching. Latter can be done via webcams etc. All evaluation must be done very strictly and without corruption. Only then it would be possible to improve standards of Technical & Scientific Institutions. 
0 0 don't make the fake promises to collaborate with foreign universities but atleast do it within india, we indian are capable of doing every thing but atleast give us a chance. AICTE has given permission to those colleges which are originally at no level of engg. college have been opened in such a huge amount that a student who find 0 no in engg. entrance exam can  admission to any reputed institute on the basis of money. STOP GIVING PERMISSION TO THESE COLLEGES AND STUDENTS, and collaborate us. 
0 0 There should be some common exam like GATE or Engineering Services Exam similar to MCI for Medical Graduates. Otherwise quality of Engineering Education by most of the Private Engg colleges is very poor. Some of the Deemed universities are also culprits to degrading engg education standard. Imagine a student getting 4 to 5 percent marks in JEE exam is admitted by some of the colleges. There should be some mechanism to evaluate the quality of education by these commercial engg colleges. 
0 0 1)AICTE be withdrawn 2)Oppen up the professional collages 3)Grading colleges compulsery 4)introduce 1Yr Course like MS In USA 5)All tests prior to professional eng colleges- Withdraw 6)Advantages: Donations will come down 7)Quality education will improve 8)grading should be supervised strictly 9)Research center compulsery In colleges- Star according to res.... 10)Annual Magazines- Highliting college research by Central Govt MS office. 
0 0 hi sir, i am utkarsh srivastav,an engineering student. i know the course designed is good but it still needs to be improved enough so that after reading the course and clearing the university exam one should be eligible to do small projects and research on themselves. there are very less chances in india to make something new after engineering because of very less support. there must be collaboration between our indian institutes. 
1 0 sir there are a lot of engineering college in india but there are no proper labs in most of these colleges,if there are labs then the machines are out of date and the students are allowed to observe them only while teachers do the experiment. I request u sir to form a committee in every state to check the labs and ask the students to operate the machines ,and if the labs are not without the standard of aitce warm them and next time cancel their license 
0 0 Hello sir, I am pass out engineer of 2014. The tecnical education quality is not upto level  of standard.Studends they face problem imn making project in new idea, the staff of colleg is not supporting, when student come in colleg to get knowledge but they spend there  valuble 8-10 hour in colleg but these is completely wasteg of time. Aictc need to there 100%concentration on tecnical knowlege by which students take more intrest and use to practical things which will implemented in projects. 
0 0 Main bs ye poochna chahta hoon ki kya maine general category me paida hoker koi galti ki h . 1 taraf aap kehte h ki sabko samaan adhikaar milne chahiye or doosri taraf reservation ..kya aapko pata h ki general category ke logo ko iski unse jyada jaroorat h agar ye aapne theek ni kiya to 1 bahut kharab samay aa sakta h... Kum she kum is topic par dobara so cha jaana chahiye 
0 0 It's we students who know the situation better than those ministers who just want a bag full of notes to give affiliations to the colleges, which neither have the faculty nor infrastructure, no labs, no instruments, nothing. What all they have are the unfair means to : Make a student appear in exam who doesn't fulfill the criteria. Get backs cleared. Arrange ways to give admission to those who don't deserve. Our country needs strong reforms in our education system. #mygov#AICTE#MHRD. 
0 0 Dear Sir, MBA colleges in North Karnataka especially in Hubli, Dharwad & Belgaum are not conducting as per #AICTE guidelines. Wrong methods are adopted to admit students to MBA course. This is leading to a scenario of worst #HigherEducation in this region. #MyGov 
0 0 Vyapam is not limited to Madhya Pradesh it is pan india, scale may be different. It is an open truth that medical seats in private medical colleges are sold which can be ascertained by MCI or any other agency. AIPMT is a exam given by every student aspiring to become doctor, the students who have not qualified the AIPMT are toppers in these medical colleges. IT CAN BE CONFIRMED BY COMPARING THE RANK OF STUDENT IN AIPMT AND RANK IN PVT MEDICAL COLLEGES SELLING THE SEATS. 
1 0 Rajasthan Technical University needs to improve its quality of teaching plus it's examination and checking process. TRU is producing engineers who mug up in 1 night(more than 50%) and pass rather than learning something and passing. !!Ask students rather than concerned university authority. 
1 0 #mygov... Coming right on to the worst scenario pf technical education in the country i.e., engineering has now became an open degree. It's not wrong on any one's part to pursue engg but the unfair means and the quality of college is what is crushing the value of an engg. Colleges being opened like shops and degree being sold like atta, chawal. A reform should be made to restrict the non deserving colleges being setup. 
0 0 There are so many colleges who say, they are approved by AICTE and making admission in technical courses, but they are not. I m sure that so many students are victims of this. Even i m a victim too. Please take some steps for this to safe secure our futures. 
0 0 Please publish white & black listed colleges affiliated online. This should be real-time data or mention the record as on date to spread awareness about fake institutions. It should be State and District wise searchable. Digitize and publish results online to control and authenticate the results. Link Aadhaar Card for all students enrolled from current year and capture it for past 5-10-20 years results publishing online. 
0 0 have anbody made a will which begins from... sa hana vavatoo...saha now bhonaktoo...saha veerya varaam krava wahi...tejaas veena vadhee tamaasto...Have you done this ever in your life since a decade ago....? 
0 0 AICTE should have their checklist for approval of any colleges !! College should have that infrastructure , Instruments etc. 
0 0 namashkaar! 
0 0 Deemed universities especially private should be monitored they shouldnt bcme degree selling shops 
0 0 The mandate for AICTE is to facilitate spreading of quality technical education. AICTE and all other bodies of higher education in our country have succeeded in increasing  the spread of education but there is an acute shortage of quality educational institutions. A good example is unplanned permissions given to IT courses during IT boom leading to huge unemployment in IT engineers and closure of IT courses. Now we can take steps to promote quality in education and discourage mediocre. 
1 0 If UGaicte want to stop distance education then they should.but then no university should offer distance.otherwise students again will be humilated. all students are not same. Their conditions are not same. If some oncas reached struggling then person should be admired.AICTE wrules UGC rules are of intelligent students and if good families who can afford regular education not of persons like who work and study side by side(do more hard work) but to get humilation. Please respond PM Sahib. 
0 0 Education sshould be one and for all. Sir my deep concerns are the following which the intelligent professors often do not consider. 1. If university providing distance education then why only regular degrees are considered? Aicte and associated engg colleges hate persons who appears in faulty interview, who have got distance/correspondence AMIE, M.Tech degrees. Solution:Letter from government and AICTE/ugc that all degrees are of same capacity and value(regular/distance) till 2015. 
0 0 We need practical rather than theoretical everywhere. Our Eduction department should change overall study structure after 10th CLASS. AFTER 10th 80% should be practical. Student will have confidence in every field as they will face real world practical situation. We can make India one of the leading and most powerful country in world by being practical in life..making most out of our population. 
0 0 (18) In Engineering Degree Program, many of the practical experiments are repeated again and again and the same will be repeated in PG program too. What is the use of repeating again and again? This is simply waste of valuable time. Insist Technical Universities and HEIs to replace these repetitive action by Analysis of Case Studies, Mini Projects, Training at Industries and Presentation on the same, etc. This will provide more Exposure to the student than just repeating the work at Labs. 
2 0 (17) Sem Exams only in the form of Closed Book will not serve the purpose. Students will simply study only for getting good marks. Need to have Open Book Exams with brain storm case study analysis, finding optimum solution to a realistic situation in the area of study, etc. This will motivate the students to involve positively in the subject and will boost the Skill Level much better than the Very Old Closed Book Examination System. 
0 0 (16) Freedom of selection of units (option) in each subject should be given to the student. But unfortunately, few of the Technical Universities are insisting students to study all the 5 units for semester exams. This will affect the result and also the career and life of the student. This is not at all acceptable as per international standards. 
0 0 (15) AICTE should frame guidelines for Semester Exams at HEIs. For each subject, final marks should be awarded based on the collective output (outcome) of Closed Book Exam, Open Book Exam, Seminars / Presentations, Project Works and Quiz Type Questions. This Model is followed at almost all the countries. But in India, HEIs insist only on Closed Book, that too all 5 units should be studied for final semester exam. How student can study all 5 units? 
1 0 (14) MHRD or AICTE or NBA can place advertisements in their websites to identify experienced people for taking up Quality Assurance Documentation, Accreditation and Rating of HEIs. 
0 0 (13) NBA can recruit or appoint Faculty Members with M.Tech or M.E Degree who have worked at abroad in the field of Accreditation or Quality Assurance Documentation at HEIs. This will help very much in maintaining good quality in quality assurance and logistical analysis. 
0 0 (12) Prof. Surendra Prasad ji of NBa has rightly mentioned that for Indian Context, rating of HEIs on annual basis will be difficult due to Logistical challenges. In India, we can Rate the HEIs at least once in 3 years. 
0 0 (11) I do agree with Prof. Surendra Prasad ji of NBA. Grant of Autonomy to thousands of Private HEIs may affect the Quality of Technical Education and will generate a number of problems. But, Rating Concept of HEIs do exist at abroad and is practiced on annual basis. I have witnessed this practice. 
0 0 (10) Syllabus should be revised as per the requirement of Industry, MNCs, National and International Market with the involvement of Industries and Professional Bodies. This is very much practiced at abroad. I have practiced similar procedures and good qualities in my Review and Redesign of Engineering Syllabus affiliated to Middle East, UK and US Universities at abroad. 
0 0 (9) HEIs should have Manndatory Affiliation (Membership) with Professional Bodies like RIBA, RICS, PMP, APM, etc. This will highlight Indian HEIs at International Level. In turn, this will help in improving higher rankings at World Level. Affiliation with Professional Bodies will help the students to access latest methods, technologies and innovative ideas practiced at developed countries. Students will get International Exposure, Higher Skills, Better Knowledge & Employment Opportunities. 
0 0 (8) Rating of HEIs in India should be done as per QS or Shanghai or Times Higher Education Ranking System. This will help in uplifting the Quality of Tech Educ at par with International Level. HEIs with better Rating as per QS/Shanghai/Times Higher Education System will help the Engineering Graduates to get better employment opportunities at MNCs. This is my personal experience and this is very much followed at Abroad by MNCs and reputed organisations. 
0 0 (7) Please Do Not Give Permission for Private Universities unless and untill they have satisfied all the norms and regulations of Accreditation at par with International Standards. If not, this will Ruine the Quality of Technical Education. 
0 0 (4) Opportunities should be given for those who have hands on experience in Systems like CBCS, ABET, QAA, OAAA etc. which will improve the Quality in HEIs and AICTE too. (5) Our Engineering Syllabus is not at par with Other Countries. The quality of Syllabus which I have designed and approved in 2009-10 is still missing in India in 2015. (6) HEIs must compete with International Standards in Realistic Scenario, Not Just in Words. 
0 0 (1) HEIs should practice Quality Assurance Practice to the Realistic Scenario at par with International Level. (2) Strictly No Compromise should be done with any HEI in the Country for any reason. Quality Shoule Be Quality. (3) Rather than repeting subjects again and again in Engineering Program, replace them with New Subjects which will Really Benefit the Students to enrich their Knowledge and Practical Exposure. (I have implemented this procedure for 3 Universities at abroad). 
0 0 It is really nice to know that AICTE has initiated to review the regulations and norms to improve the quality of technical Education in India. I would like to brief my comments based on my several years of experience working with MOHE of other countries in the field of Accreditation as per US-UK-Aust-Middle East Standards, Review and Redesign of Engineering Syllabus with Advanced Skill & Critical Thinking Abilities to cater the needs of MNCs at Abroad. 
0 0 1Xkkao esa lapkj lqfo/kk ypj gSA 2xkao esa jsfM;ks dh O;oLFkk ypj gS lq/kkjusa dh vko”;drk gS ih,e dh eu dh ckr dgka ls lqusaxsaA3fjk+{kk O;oLFkk ypj gS 4s csjkstxkjksa ls Bxh fd;k tk jgk gS tgka ;wih,llh QkeZ ipkl +:i;s ogha Nrhlx< esa 250+ 350 450 esa feyrk gSA 
1 0 Many Technical institutes in India still unable to get approval from the AICTE despite having all the requirements and in other hand many such institutes are there in our country could able to get AICTE certification by means of corruption through back stages.These institutes need to be banned and the review committee should also focus on this for the sake of interest of our young generation. 
1 0 Adding of self employment courses in the syllabus of all degrees and the employment available options both in india and abroad must be first paper for any course and higher education opportunities and research opp in india and abroad must be highlighted. The highest post of govt jobs and private jobs and stories of self employment must be first paper for any course. Instead of mere theories on physics and maths dont help. 3 idiots highlighted so many but govt institutions and agencies dont under 
0 0 Foreign education universities much needed to prevent lose of Forex to foreign countries. We need to be aggressive and give away land at cheap rates to allow them to setup world class universities. All deemed universities have grown to high standards on their own because private which follow under some university have bad growth. AICTE has been giving approvals to colleges instead of revamping the syllabus and more practical and entrepreneurship development. Self employment courses much needed 
1 0 Bring more medical related courses common to all from 6th - 10th to prevent sexual desires related later and make it more of a harmonal behaviour to avoid bigger risks and mental changes as people become older. Projects at each year of engineering must be made instead of only last year to get more hands on experience instead of diagrmatic connections and theory more mini projects will help more depth knowledge. project related expenses colleges should take up and equip at colleges itself. 
1 0 The maths, physics and chemistry papers post 7th standard grow to very high level suddently. till 7th we read only normal formulas but after 10th the integration, differentiation are very tough. Hence the lower levels itself we need to put up all higher education to lower levels to increase standard. Currently students are brilliant and due to genetics their memory has improved. So move 6th-8th courses to lower ages itself as brain dev faster and move 10th-12 courses split from 7-12th std. 
0 0 The Engineering courses has several subjects without proper practical courses. I have completed B.E in EEE but i am not strong in every subject i had to work in IT because i am strong in Computer courses and classes in syllabus only. If i had all subjects with practicals may be i would have contributed to Electrical field significantly. Currently if we have 5 theory papers only 2 are practical, every subject should have practical. Even language and other papers with ppt or research on ground 
0 0 The person working in AICTE should be only those who have PHD degrees. AICTE needs to revamp the education degree programmes and sports must be inclusive for any degree. Practical subjects inclusion for all courses most necessary. Just theoretical wont help. 
0 0 Every day we are seeing appeals for medical help for the poorest people who have to do a very costly surgery. There is no system to monitor whether the appeal is genuine. There should be a centralized platform for such appeals. In addition, when the public is kind enough to donate the big sum, hospitals are not kind even to waive off the profit-part. Law should enforce them to forgo the profit when the sum is collected from the public through the centralized platform operated by the government. 
0 0 Let there be one examination nationwide for each professional courses. So there will be over all four examination 1) Degree courses such as B.E/B.Tech/BArch...etc, 2) Diploma/ITI courses, 3) Masters(MSc/MBA/MCA...),4)Ph.D. Based on this ranking only, let all the institutions across India pick candidates as per requirement. Let this four tests be conducted both in offline and online mode all across India. This will ensure quality of the graduates entering into technical institutes. 
0 0 In our country most of institute are private.They are providing best quality education and also taking lot of fees. So my opinion is why the government can not do this. And all the private institute should run under our government. 
0 0 There should be more international education colleges in India with an Indian Degree that gives you confidence to compete Globally. 
0 0 why not have colleges and universities design a curriculum according to the local need. for example, in a district where agriculture is the predominant occupation, why is there no college of agriculture, or even a B.Sc. agriculture. many youngsters migrate to cities to work in industries, leaving parents to farming, eventually selling their land to developers. why cant they study o become better farmers? 
3 0 आरक्षण केवल आर्थिक आधार पर होना चाहिए. सरकार को इस देश के हर परिवार के लिए दो वक्‍त की रोटी का इंतजाम करना चाहिए. आरक्षण उसे दिया जाना चाहि‍ए जिसको इसकी जरूरत है. इसे , जाती के आधार पर नहीं दिया जाना चाहिए केवल आर्थिक आधार पर दिया जाना चाहिए तभी आरक्षण का उद्देश्‍य पूरा होगा. ओर शिक्षण व्यवस्थाओ मे आरक्षण बन्द होना चाहिये योग्यता को प्राथमिकता मिले क्‍या आज रामविलास पासवान, मायावती जैसे लोगों को आरक्षण की आवश्‍यकता है? आरक्षण के लाभ से अब तक सिर्फ गरीब सवर्णो को हि वन्चित रखा गया हे 
0 0 Kindly go through the attached image. 
0 0 In our country most of institute are private. They are providing best quality education and also taking lot of fees.So my opinion is why the government can not do this. And all the private institute should run under our government. 
0 0 Mr Sibel has given autonomy to colleges and the fee has not been defined. And so colleges are charges fees at their sweet will.same for schools in NCR !!! Their fee and capitation fee. Hon pm must look into it 
0 0 I the level of engg were increases day by day the modern society needs it. but again in many engg colleges tgere are vacancies so AICTE should no gine grand to new colleges/ 
0 0 1. Syllabi set up should be in accordance with current need of industry 2. More stress should be given on hands on training 3. Projects to be given to the students must be of their own interest preferably 4. In born skills/qualities to be polished & nurtured in college level These are the few things current education system must be revolving around so that enough of the opportunities my come in way of maximum deserving candidates. 
0 0 most of the engg colleges are run by politicians in tamilnadu. they instructed to give more marks for +2students.they removed entrance exams.so everybody skores good marks and gets admission. everybody thinks that we are fit to study all.student who is unfit to do ITI also wants to do engg.they get seats ,wasting 4 yrs+5.0laks+25 arrears=unfit for job.kindly intr. common entrance test for all trades.Edu quality can be ensured.For teachers also pl intr talent exam. this is need of the nation. 
1 0 1. Internship and projects should be taken seriously. It should not be fake and should be regularized through a portal like Job portals. 2. There should not be any campus placement. Every engineer should apply through a central Job portal, which will give equal chance for every student. then it'll be totally skill based selection. 
1 0 MAKE INDUSTRY TIE UP FOR ALL TECHNICAL INSTITUTIONS COMPULSORY(WAY ITS BEING DONE IN US) AS CONDITION FOR RECOGNITION AND INTRODUCE COMPULSORY 3/6 MONTHS INTERNSHIP(ON LINE WITH MEDICAL EDUCATION). 
0 0 Make nptel.ac.in, ocw.mit.edu and other .nic.in websites FREE (at least on BSNL+MTNL) so that poor students can study in home and can take technical degree through open program (Which should be valid only if he appears GATE within three years of taking final degree with marks greater than MQMR of the year in the respective branch). After getting this degree in theories he should have to be appear in local AICTE-UGC approved technical collage to perform some experiments (&/or viva). 
0 0 क्या यह भारत देश में नहीं बनाई जा सकती है जो विदेशो के पैर छूने पड़  रहे है आज भारत को भारत के इंजीनियर और वैज्ञानिक विदेशो में रूपए के लिए काम कर रहे है और जो ये लोग बनाते है वही भारत अरबो रूपए देकर खरीदता है मतलब भारत के ही लोग बनाए और भारत के ही लोगों को बेचे ये है विदेशियो की नीति और भारतीय नेता इस नीति में फसते जा रहे है। सिर्फ अपने स्वार्थ के लिए। 
0 1 यदि देश को उच्च कोटि का दर्ज दिलाना ही चाहते है तो फिर से गुरुकुल शिक्षा पद्वति सुरु कर दे एक एक स्कूल में 6 विषयों की जगह 18 विषय पढ़ाना सुरु कर दे जिसमे खगोल विज्ञान, रसायन विज्ञान, नक्षत्र शाश्त्र,संस्कृत,,इत्यादि विषय पढ़ाए जाए न कि सिर्फ गिने चुने विषय मैंने सूना है की अमेरिका में जितने वैज्ञानिक है उनमे से 36% वैज्ञानिक केवल भारतीय है यदि यह सच है तो क्यों न हम उन सभी भारतीय वैज्ञानिकों को भारत में ही शोध करने की छूट दे और उनकी सुरक्षा व्यवस्था करे ताकि भारत एक उच्च कोटि का देश बन सके। जय 
0 0 Aise agriment kyon kie jaa rahe hai jinse desh ka bhavishya khatare me pad raha hai san 1600 isvi me isht india company ai thi lagbhag 350 saal tak bharat ko gulaam banaakar rakhaa or ab fir se vahi kaam sarkar kar rahi hai are vikasit hi hona hai to swadeshi apnaakar desh ko vikasit karo aisa nahi ho sakta hai kya maananiya pradhan mantri ji kripaya koshish to karke dekhe ek bar...... 
0 0 थोड़ी भी इंसानियत बची हो तो पूरा पढ़ना ! _______________________ 4 दिसंबर 1984 की वो भयानक रात ! भोपाल शहर मे अमरीकी कंपनी यूनियन कार्बाइड के कारखाने मे से ( मिथाइल आइसोनेट ) नामक गैस का रिसाव शुरू हुआ ! और देखते ही देखते पूरा शहर लाशों के ढेर मे बदल गया ! एक ही रात मे 15 हजार लोग क्या बच्चे क्या बूढ़े तड़प-तड़प कर मर गये ! हवा का बहाव जिस और जाता गया तड़पती - चीखती -चिलाती आवाजों के साथ लाशों का ढेर लगता गया ! पूरे देश को बता दिया गया भोपाल मे जो कुछ हुआ 
0 0 My idea is Publish the topics invite the video lectures from teachers students and professionals make a YouTube like free educational video web with selected videos if student is not satisfied by lecture got from institution he can by online. 
2 0 the previous system of examination in univrssities and colleges having the annual examination was better the student has to prepare severa all papers and he has to remember thelectures delivered at the begining of then session he has to revise all the topics before examination conversly in the semester system of examination once you clear the sem you dont remember the topics by thr end of cours most of the students forgot the semester system of examination should be abolished 
2 0 I am in IT Engineer got out of Engineering college by 2008. The quality of education is really poor. Hardly we find good lecturers and most of them are just Book readers. They just got there to make there leaving. there is no strict policy to hire good lecturers.Even i see some Head of the departments just read the contents in the book and go away. this is really bad. There is no importance to Practical learning.If this is the fate of an Engineering college just imagine what might be in Govt Sch 
0 0 Dear sir, every year 1.5 million engineering graduates passing out in India run the risk of not getting a job at all,so my intention is to change the education system, there are the many political leaders are opening the institutes in India with money power and AICTE giving approval easily.... so How ??? many of collage there is no eduction system is proper like piratical, instrument,laboratory etc. 
1 0 There are so many private colleges which are nothing but business establishments. Hence, there is a compelling need for the quality check of the colleges. Granting autonomy to such colleges will amount to committing hara-kiri by Indian education system. Even, education is not a fundamental right. So, how can we have technical education as fundamental right? Just to promote technical education, other streams of education such as arts, commerce, science, law, accountancy should not be ignored. 
5 1 I humbly request to our PM kindly make an strong regulatory board team who review 360 degree quality education without taking any contract/bribe. I have seen many university/institutions are not providing quality education and do not have sufficient resources like qualified teachers, infrastructure, labs etc. Most of the university/institutions are showing fake information in front of AICTE/NAAC/UGC visiting members. These members also know very well about reality. Please take strict actions. 
3 1 Kindly consider on following points: 1)A "mechanic" has better knowledge then who have graduated in mechanical engineering. 2)A "Raj Mistree" has better knowledge then who have graduated in civil engineering. 3)An "electrician" has better knowledge then who have graduated in electrical engineering and so on. These are the results of Indian technical institutions. Reasons behind lack of "quality education". Most of the greedy persons open such type of money making institutions. Please stop... 
2 0 Sir,management institute of India is too expensive for the poor people.Then,how poor people will study in these institute. 
0 0 Focus on the management who are building colleges only to make money. the AICTE must revolutionise education sector by asking PRIVATE COMPANIES to start colleges. Today only trusts can manage educational institutions. If a hospital like APOLLO can be a listed company, why can't large multinationals and companies be a stakeholder in education. We need to ask all the industrialists like the Ambanis, Ruias, Birlas run education as a business. This will bring about quality and good students 
0 0 KOTDI PRATAPGARH 
1 0 Hon. PM, I just wanted to highlight the facts that there are certain colleges under IMU (INDIAN MARINE UNIVERSITY) where in Institutes are not providing basic things like trained faculty, books, safety eqipments in workshops. In previous semisters books were provided few days before exams. How can students prepare for national level course in such a condition. Btech Marine in Mangalore marine college is facing all the above problems. Food quality is not good and adequate. 
0 0 no way 
0 0 Keeping in view of save to daughter and read to daughter I have seen lot of daughters achieved above 70% marks in 12th Class and B.A./B.Sc and also cleared cut off marks for any tech course/ to take admission in M.Sc, M.Tech etc but due to non include in Gen Cat vac and reservation quota they are vain and do not take adm then they do suicide.  That time we can not follow such slogan inspite of desireness.  It will be better to change this police for every cost ism daughters so that we can do. 
0 2 In India the private institute are providing best quality of education and also taking lot of fees. Why govt. can not do this. My opinion is there should not be any private institute,All institute should under the government. For which the poor students can study higher label. 
0 0 3/3Contd. Its high time now dat d #HigherEducation,#TechnicalEducation take steps in this direction and give an infrastructure to professors to just teach children and not to make dem struggle for everyday needs.Plz #MyGov should learn how Britain America China Japan hold der teachers in high esteem . 
1 0 Contd. where d professors and lecturers in govt. colleges and universities are earning 6th pay expecting 7th pay ,whereas private colleges approved by #AICTE r still struggling for 6th pay.The #MHRD should be sensitive to such important issues since dese teachers r d reasons for d amazing brain cultivation of our children.If #MyGov fails to take serious actions against such private institutions who will want to take education as a profession. 
1 0 We are creating different kind of citizen by allowing three different stream of School Education. This is ICSE/CBSE/STATE. There is no Equality of Education and we are creating three different type  of citizen. The syllabus for 01 to 12 subjects Maths,Physics,Chemistry, Biology, Must be the same for whole India. The state can develop the other subjects as requirement of the state. 
1 0 Sir the situation of salaries of lecturers and professors is deteriorated in d private and autonomous colleges approved by Aicte and Ugc.The managements of these colleges use d expertise and knowledge of professors for their vested economic interests.The Aicte and UGC and the govt. should seriously intervene into this matter.Reason is if d govt.does not pay attention to d teachers in higher education India will fail to generate super minds because u r forcing d professors to think about money 
1 0 Currently there are no institutions in India which offers corresponding technical education in distance mode. Previously AMIE conducted by IEI offers this type of course but government take off its approval from this institute. I request from PMO to approve the course structure of IEI. If they required any improvements, then share the same with institute. Govt should take care of all those students which want to go for higher education but their family background doesn't support for the same. 
0 0 Maximum technical institutes in India are substandard.Due to corrupt practices AICTE did not have proper certification system in place.They also do not make timely assessment of the standard of the educational Institutions.These institutions don't have standard faculty.They only build hotel type infrastructures and make grand publicity to attract students.They manage some off campus recruitments.AICTE should be roboust, free 4m corruption and have proper mechanism to make periodical assessment. 
0 0 According to me after bachelors degree there should not be any classroom teaching and exam( Course work in Phd).Today we have good number of Open courseware from reputed Indian and foreign universities.If a professor is having some good topics let him to upload his video lectures. So that he could spend more time on his research work. This will add value to the Digital India Theme. 
0 0 sir change the rule of AICTE,and same the syllabus of all engg college and university.And campus placement are increase in all university . In this time some university are increase the number of seat but quality of education are not better. 
0 0 AICTE needs a change. The MoUs with NSDC and establishing Skills Universities are not going to yield results. We need to evolve the technical education from worker to Engineer. which means that there has to be a 6 to 7 years integrated programme where in a student after 10th class enters and as and when he keeps on moving up his qualification increases say one year certificate, 3 yrs Diploma 6 yrs degree and so on. Secondly the courses have to compulsorily sponsored by the concerned Industry 
0 0 Each State has its own Education Board, the state governments have developed the syllabus based on their Ideology. In Tamilnadu both Dravidian Parties, have changed the syllabus and injected their political view. whenever a party comes to power they will change the educational system. Hope, this thing happens in all the states. Like, Election commission there should an autonomous centralized Educational Board that solely has a right to Change the Subjects. 
0 0 The economic progress of a country is strongly linked with Quality Education with values .... for All. It is therefore, necessary for our technical education to undertake periodic review of the curriculum and subject content of the technical programmes to ensure that they are up to date not outmoded or obsolete and effectively fulfill the technological requirements of the country. 
0 0 WE CAN RETAIN BOOKS AFTER STUDENTS PASSING FROM CLASS MEANS DISTRIBUTE BOOKS WID MINIMUM COST THOSE WHO WANTS AND WE CAN GIVE IT TO JUNIOURS TO SAVE MONEY AND PAPER AS WELL AS TREES. 
0 0 hello sir opne cast ko bhi scholarship milni chahiy sub ki conditiona nai hoti i think har us studant schoarship denai chahiy jo aage kuch karna chahaty hai apne desh k liy sfir cast at list jo aage stuyd karna chahty hai thank you 
0 0 Sometime I feel AICTE is indirect consultant to student at curriculum level and faculty level, we think they may talk to directly to students somehow for placement reasons with no adjustments... 
1 0 Sir I am the student of M tech, Upto 2014 the government scholarship were provided to all graduate and post-graduate students(SC/ST/NT/OBC/SBC)/courses(SC/ST/NT/OBC/SBC). But from the last academic without any notice before the admissions it would be stopped.And another thing is that the Scholarship Of SC/ST students is continue.so give us the details about that. because most of the students belongs to poor families,and on the basis of scholarship they take admission for post graduate course. 
0 0 The AICTE should provide clear descriptions of essential skills and work habits supported by videos and tasks showing how these skills are used in everyday life and on-the-job so the students can develop their individual plans; the teachers can meet curriculum expectations and help students understand the value their essential skills and work habits; the employers can assess the performance of students in the workplace - their skills and work habits in hiring and training. 
1 0 Graduate Syllabus should be same at all India and Post graduate syllabus should be according to current industry demand for nation development. PhD duration should be in limited and should be forcefully complete with in minimum define time period. PhD publication should be in Indian government research journals. 
0 0 AICTE has allowed colleges to cheat citizens by money. Open up these colleges for admissions,restricting total fees, On passing out, these candidates should undergo a year like MS (USA),instead of entrance exams,which is money making. 
0 0 The corporate sectors,were employee works at a certain position,be allowed to certify the candidates,like an institute education This certificate allows a candidate to exel on his job as well an added qualification. 
0 0 SCARCITY OF SEATS IN ENGINEERING, MEDICAL AND ALL TECHNICAL COLLEGES IS THE ONLY REASON FOR CORRUPTION/MALPRACTICES IN ENTRANCE EXAMS : All regulators are deliberately maintaining scarcity of seats in technical education colleges. the scarcity industry leads fo multi-crore coaching industry, flourishing hospitals due to despression induced diseases in students, mafia/middlement groups who ensure admission in any college for few lakhs and every other malpractice. End scarcity industry to win 2019 
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, I think we need to reconsider our ANCIENT EDUCATION SYSTEM, where GURU or ACHARYA is given immense Respect by his Disciples. ALso, we Need to INCREASE MORE PRACTICALS, Laboratories And WORKSHOPS LIKE STUDENTS should be GIven REAL INDUSTRIAL WORKPLACE EXPOSURE while Reducing Huge loads of Merely Theoretical Studies. fOR eXAMPLE: IN MAHABHARATH, ARJUNA IS GIVEN BRILLIANT PRACTICAL ASSIGNMENTS BY HIS DHRONACHARYA. ANCIENT EDUCATION SYSTEM GIVES us PRACTICALS TO make SMARTER STUDENTS 
0 0 Please find attachment for details. "Paper System" instead of existing education system for above class 10. 
0 0 विश्व विद्यालय अनुदान आयोग विषयो की ग्रुप योजना पर पुर्नविचार करे एक निवेदन महाविद्यालयो मे अध्ययन अध्यापन की सुविधा हेतू पुरातन काल से विषयो के ग्रुप बना दिये गये है जिनमे आधुनिक समय मे नवीन सोच..विचार और आवश्यकताओं के अनुरूप परिवर्तन किया जाना आवश्यक है।आश्चर्य होता है कि कम्प्यूटर साइंस के लिये केवल गणित वाले विद्यार्थी ही पात्र क्यों है?जबकि गणित से तो बी.ए.  एम. ए. भी होता है ,अर्थात् सभी पात्र हैं। हमे कम से कम  जीव विज्ञान( वायो ग्रुप) जिसमे भौतिकी और रसायन शास्त्र जेसै कठिन विषय है 
0 0 विश्व विद्यालय अनुदान आयोग विषयो की ग्रुप योजना पर पुर्नविचार करे एक निवेदन महाविद्यालयो मे अध्ययन अध्यापन की सुविधा हेतू पुरातन काल से विषयो के ग्रुप बना दिये गये है जिनमे आधुनिक समय मे नवीन सोच..विचार और आवश्यकताओं के अनुरूप परिवर्तन किया जाना आवश्यक है।आश्चर्य होता है कि कम्प्यूटर साइंस के लिये केवल गणित वाले विद्यार्थी ही पात्र क्यों है?जबकि गणित से तो बी.ए.  एम. ए. भी होता है ,अर्थात् सभी पात्र हैं। हमे कम से कम  जीव विज्ञान( वायो ग्रुप) जिसमे भौतिकी और रसायन शास्त्र जेसै कठिन विषय है 
0 0 Sir, The non profit Professional Technical Institutions like-IEI-Kolkata (Established-1935);Institution of Mechanical Engineers(India)-Mumbai(Estd. 1914); IETE-New Delhi (Estd. 1953);AeSI-New Delhi(Estd. 1948) etc. are conducting Engineering courses much before AICTE came into being thru act in 1984.Today AICTE didn't like these Institutions probably either due to this fact or under influence of private engg. colleges. PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS MATTER PERSONALLY. 
0 0 Sir, India has a special distinction in it's technical education sector by having one of the cheapest Engineering Courses in the world conducted by the non-profit Professional Technical Institutions like-IEI-Kolkata;Institution of Mechanical Engineers(India)-Mumbai;IETE-New Delhi;AeSI-New Delhi etc.These courses are providing opportunities for thousands of unprivileged/unfortunate Indian youth to become qualified engineers & contribute to INDIAN ECONOMY. Kindly utilize them for SKILL INDIA! 
0 0 Technical education is very very important now-a-days.So you have improve the practical knowledge of the freshers. 
0 0 Technical education is very important for development of industries and also development of nation.Skilled worker and staff can do better than uneducated worker. All technical education should be job oriented,according to the requirement of industries, supply of technical staff should be provided with full training and qualifiacation. further, practical training in specialised company should make compulsory for all the students,while industries should welcome and make comfort to such training. 
0 0 THERE SHOULD BE ROUTINE CHECK UP IN ALL STATE AND CENTRAL GOVT. COLLEGES AND SCHOOL IN ABSENSE OF FACULTIES AND WITH STUDENTS. 
0 0 महॊदय् अखिल भारतीय तकनीकी शिक्षा परिषद् की वर्तमान स्थिति कॆ बारॆ मॆ यह् बताना जरुरी है कि प्राइवॆट् सन्स्थान् बिना सन्साधन् कॆ मान्यता लॆ आतॆ है और् मॊटी फीस् वसूल् कर् छात्रॊ का भविष्य् खराब् कर् दॆतॆ है अत्: इन्हॆ बिना सन्साधन् कॆ किसी भी हालत् मॆ मान्यता नही दी जायॆ 
0 0 For present Diploma in Medical Electronics Engg./Tech courses & B.Tech-Medical Electronics Courses recognized by AICTE runned by various institutes a subject on Medical & Engg. Ethics may kindly be included in the academic syllabus. It will help the students to focus with a better decision making qualities within themselves when they will be working after their completion of aforesiad courses in Health care Industries, Hospitals, Companies and other govt. establishments like FSL Laboratories. 
0 0 I am a PG student 2014-16 of structural engineering ME stream, in NITTTR SHAMLA HILLS BHOPAL, We are getting the scholarship of 8000 pm but after revision of scholarship we should have 12400 pm like other colleges (NITs and IITs). As per issued a notification by MHRD vide no. F.NO.l7-2/2014-TS.I dated February 18, 2015 We try to get UGC, AICTE, even I did RTI (Registration Number: AICTE/R/2015/61398) but didn’t get the satisfactory response, or line always seems to be busy there. 
1 0 Higher level education shoud made in mother tongue so student take less time to carry on mind about 6 times less than syllabus have in english language If this not acceptable why the japanese are study in their mother tongue !!why??? 
0 0 IIT  ne apne qualifying  marks ka percentage km kr diya hai...in sb k piche ek hi reason hai k ab hm padhai kuch creative  krne ke liye thode hi kr rhe hain bus hme paise kamane hain isliye hm pdh rhe hain ....kisi ko interest hi nai hai pdhne main saare bs race mein lge hain...ki future mein achi job milegi acha placement  hoga isliye wo IIT jana chahte hain....aur haan pdhai v waisi nahi ho rhi hai jisse bachon ka intrest jaage pdhai v bht boring lgti hai kyunki...wahan v commercialisation hai 
0 0 please make compulsory for all school and collages to have a field work like in biology or science class in school every student must know how to do farming, weekly visit to botanical garden, in engineering students must be send to work in companies, in commerce students must send to mall for training every weekly and they must submit a report to school or collage, monthly project work with live demo or detail explanation must be given to students marks for sports must be also added in report. 
0 0 all professors of colleges also have to take practical work or should do professional work by sharing their revenue with institution so that they while teaching theory they can feel today many times real feel of theory can not transferred to students while teaching 
0 0 all institution should be made compulsury of practical school that during course student have to join some working for atleast two months in year this prog is best run by BITS pilani 
0 0 All schools and colleges are not taking practicals as serious subject due to their hidden financial requirment this is the silent offence freely performed by every collage and schoo.. 
0 0 Like vidhayica post of a mp or mla immediatly fulfilled as it vacant,same sincearty should be maintaind in all post of karyapalica & nyaypalica also in vacancies of prfessor of technical education as well.. 
4 0 Respected Sirs, Since i am a B.Tech graduate form one of the private colleges of west bengal,i came to realise in my 4 years of graduation that focus on practical learning was low and studies were just exam oriented. Many of teachers were even not able to speak english properly,this was a pain for students who did not understand regional language. Exposure to new technologies was negligible. Many colleges are there which do not have even qualified teachers and practical lab facilities. 
1 0 Dear Sirs, I have humble suggestion and these are based on my own experience,understanding and knowledge.All MBA and Management courses must have more of visiting/Guest faculties from them concern trade who has practical knowledge about the subject because I strongly believes that Management is 100% practical subject and all these lectures should be interactive .All these guest faculties can help the institutions for the placement coz they can judge student mindset during lectures 
2 0 AICTE should devlop such a  mechanism that will provide at par recognition of all Engg. degrees, acquired via different platforms . Degree courses (in Engineering) acquired  via Engg. institutes (regular 4 year courses), Engg. Degree acquired after doing engg diploma through LATERAL ENTRY  and through professional bodies like AMIE,IETE , via distance education ,should be treated equally in terms of recognition and enable them in appearing in recruitment exam conducted by PSU, gov firms. 
2 0 ACTUALLY WE ALL INDIANS ARE SOCIALLY BACKWARD ,TECHNICAL WORK MEANS CREATIVE MIND WORK WITH HAPPINESS WHICH CAN GIVE DESIRED INPUT.OUR SOCIETY ENVIRONMENT AND ITS DRAWBACK SPOIL OUR MIND THAT WE ARE WEAK IN TECHNICAL RESEARCH AREAS.SO I M TRULLY AGREE THAT NON TECH PROJECTS SHOULD BE CONDUCTED TO MAKE AWARENESS OF GENDER SENSIBILITY.AND ON OTHER SOCIAL ISSUES ALSO.AICTE GIVE ITS APPROVAL TO EVERY COLLEGE WITHOUT CHECKING ITS QUALITY AND IN RETURN COLLEGE DETERIORATE THE QUALITY OF STUDENTS. 
0 0 The duality of governance between AICTE and the State Technical Universities need to be supplanted with a more cogent and seamless architecture. The 18 odd STU Vice Chancellors commanding over 3500 Technical Institutions need to be made an integral part of AICTE. Like the fabled motif of Team India with PM being supported by CMs; AICTE needs to take the STUs in due cognizance and collaborate with them. In fact the regional seats of AICTE can be housed at the STUs itself. 
1 0 Education must be experience oriented or practically sound. Here I expect the new student in technical education shall have academic projects more on research and development. This will take more than one year. So the tasks should be desided after 1st year of techinical education. As there is no need of techinical education for desiding the topic. And during the course he will gain techinical decisions. In research the output which is considered is not only the output. But the other outcoming४ 
1 0 Before inspection of college they inform to college authority.after that college clearall the default for temporary level. Students are facing the problems like library ,lab,faculty. 
0 0 What is the use with inform to the management and inspect the colleges.how Wil you find defects in college. 
1 0 Some of the colleges not following Aicte rules in all aspects on student,faculty ratio and workload to faculty They are putting more burden on faculty .One college showing hiring faculty as their permanent faculty . 
1 0 All affliated universities and Aicte informing the college management before inspecting the college's.so they are planning how to correct their defects so with out inform to management inspect colleges many colleges doing fraud 
0 0 IF ANY LEADERS IN INDIA LOVE THIS COUNTRY AND THE MOTHER EARTH THAN THEMSELVES AND THEIR SELF IMAGES, THEY WOULD TRY TO BAN VINYLE AND  PLASTIC FLEX BOARDS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY  FOR ITS CHOKING THE THE MOTHER EARTH AND COUNTRY'S SOIL  ALREADY. 
1 0 How do we know about. Which college is best and which one is not.I think this should be confirmed from,AICTE because every year AICTE send a team to check out the college, its infrastructure,laboratories,qualification of lecturers,no. Of courses in that particular college etc. and then they give permission to run college if that college is at par of the criteria fixed by AICTE, so that means every college is best, if it is at par of criteria so how we say that this college is good or bad.think!! 
0 0 AICTE every year takes data related to college infrastructure,faculty,student, library etc.same data is being asked by the affiliated University, DTE, during academic visit JAC visit & so on.I think we are just circulating the similar data number of time.Can't it be possible AICTTE take the data and shared & mapped the same with all bodies.The syllabus should be same for all the govt.& pvt. universities.The universities are asked to review the syllabus & latest updated education should be taught 
1 0 Curriculum needs to be same across the country, syllabus branch wise subject wise needs to be compiled and made available on the website in pdf with option to download directly so that the learning methodology would be same for all whether in private or government colleges. Scope for improvement and discussion should be possible for more open source learning and knowledge enrichment from students across the country. 
1 0 Today India is far behind the other nations in case of skill and knowledge. In colleges more weightage is given to theory than to the practical knowledge. in goverment technical college there problem of category means SC/ST , OBC. i got 87.50% age my graduation due to less mark in CMAT i could not get admission in govt. college. please change SC/ST System. Agar apko rakhna hai to aisa bhi rakho ki Prime minister SC/ST vala banda banega. OBC val Pre 
0 0 Education system in india can be improved from the Elementary education Post graduate degree education only if good numbers of quality faculty are  recruited.AICTE should conduct test for selecting quality teachers or lectures for a better education system in India.In the state and central universities should be filled with quality no. of lectures and simultaneously practical classes should be given priority to improve the standard education for both Bachelors and Post Graduate courses . 
0 1 why only AICTE. WHY NOT TALKING ABOUT MCI. 
1 0 Salutations to Mr. Kaw for such a fantastic report, which, if implemented can be a gamechanger in HE & TE. I would like to further add that it is essential that we also introduce the concept of "certification of Engineers and Managers through an international protocol" ie ISO17024 to provide improved employability to graduates and help them in mobility across borders, since this protocol is accepted by 193 countries across globe. Demographic dividend can thus be used as an advantage by India. 
1 0 Pathetic conditions of librarians in technical educational institutes.faculties enjoys a handsome salary while librarians have to work on minimum of salaries.Large no of vacancies for librarians exists in govt Inter Colleges. God knows when it will be filled. 
1 0 Today India is far behind the other nations in case of skill development. In colleges more weightage is given to theory than to the practical knowledge. AICTE should give the affiliation to colleges only if they are able to provide the good practical knowledge to the students as per the demand of the market. There should  be a tie up with the foreign universities to share the knowledge and new technologies with the students. 
0 0 Engineering colleges are required in small villages of jammu.specially near billawar road as there are no colleges and time required to reach jammu is more than 3 hrs. 
0 0 I think that their should be increase in government colleagues and infrastructure 
0 0 #AICTE there were a lot of Engg colleges in India that too those in rural India are lacking of minimum facilities.. Reasons for survival of those kind of Colleges are 1.Less Building fees 2.Less tuition fees the rural students who can't afford for colleges having all facilities are preferring these.. So my suggestion is govt have to either aid the colleges near to rural areas for establishing all faclities(Min Strength).. or else reduce the well equipped one's fees.. pls xtnd char lmt. 
0 0 Now a days technical education institutions turned into business centers, no labs,no technical sound teachers, no research paper presentations,no library,poor computer labs,no physical educations, College managements are looking at their individual growth rather than the growth of nation. But they are few colleges where they are technically sounds good.Let's us hope best .... 
0 0 Relvance of Higher Education-M.Tech/M.E for Indusrty/Research/Teaching In order to increase the employability with Private sector ,it is imperative that Higher education programmes like M.Tech/M.E focus on the Curriculum /syallabus in tune with what is readily required for the specific industry and enhance the  value for ready to work either in the Industry or at Academic Institutions and Universities.Recently Kalasalingam University and Tessolve Semiconductor Pvt. Ltd.,offer M.Tech. 
2 0 There are new engineering colleges opening in every parts of India. Some of these colleges does not even have faculties and labs to teach them. All it requires for them is a roof to call a college. So I will recommend a strong review committee which reviews all the colleges that have been granted permission and on what basis. 
0 0 why all the youth does not get the job is because of lack of technical knowledge due to the inadequate of experiece teachers.if teachers available they will not focus on students, they are focussing only their money ,time . they should tell to students and approach students 
2 0 credit based courses will help students. An introduction of all subjects should be given in the first year and then choices should be available to students to select the combinations they like. also soft skills development is essential for them to excel. 
0 0 Reservation of seats in forcing because of this standard is deteriorating and useless crowd is coming out of colleges . All permission to open new college or new intake should be banned . Focus of Any course should be research oriented inline with students and faulty both 
1 0 Quality of education is being compromised due to 50% of technical seats in private colleges are being sold to highest bidders. Only solution to get best out of technically qualified people to get best of candidates into such courses. Only solution is centralised entrance tests for all such technical institutions. One merit list for all candidates for all type of institutions. It will help meritorious students to find place in their dream courses and ultimately produce best talents. 
1 0 today technical education failed due to only 1.skill development all technical institute connect with industry and relative field 2.and update syllabus according to demand of marketing 3.engineering syllabus to old technology 4. i want to say we start this program  on high secondary school level 5. proper provide labs and researches 6. some C grade and state level engineering collage not maintain our standard and #AICTE rule & regulations not provided well experince educated faculty 
0 0 sir this aiect system so corrupt that they took money from the colleges and gave them aiect apporoval.these colleges are just business hub.they are intrested in just money nothing else.education system is continously going down.our system produced dumb engineers.i request you please improve our system. 
1 0 The Technical Education should be like the persons who come out from this institution should be able to take challenges form lower level like: House-hold industries,Agriculture farm,etc. 
1 0 कुकुरमुत्तो की तरह उगते इंजीनियरिंग और मैनेजमेंट कोलेज की गुणवत्ता परखने हेतु उनका हर तीसरे साल naac इनको गुणवतता के आधार पर ग्रेड दे ।और उसी ग्रेड के आधार पर इनकी फीस तय होनी चाहिए । 
0 0 Make a team and do the audit of all engineering/polytechnique colleges and ITI that they have necessary instruments/machines equipment to give practical technical knowledge or not and ensure that their labs/ workshop should up to date with latest technology. 
0 0 Essence of knowledge is having it to apply it. All the higher and professional education must be APPLIED education. Last year of each such education should involve mainly apprenticeship/internship. 
0 0 State government colleges must be upgraded according to present needs (faculty and infrastructure).Also the syllabus of engineering should be flexible(updating time to time) and same all over the country. 
0 0 In Gujarat ~>100 engineering colleges have been opened including gov and self financed. I must say 90% colleges does not have enough resources in terms of practical lab, sufficeient lecturers with enough experience, room capacity etc... AICTE audit happens merely on paper and issues got settled by money. So AICTE Audit of colleges and approval of new college should be transparent and online so any one can challenge if any thing is breach. 
0 0 Please stop PVT engineering collages for their certificate bussiness. Otherwise law should be tightening for any misconduct by collage / student. 
0 0 Odisha PVT engineering collages admit working diploma engineers and without their physical appearence they get BTECH certificate after 3 years, This is happening in Odisha, BPUT university. 
0 0 Sir, In odisha pvt engineering schools admits working diploma engineers by laterlal process and without their presence, they get btech certificates. This is happening in odisha, Bhubaneswar. 
0 0 Any Professional course in any college in India whether it is autonomous or aided should have more practicals and it should be conducted along with the theory.In TamilNadu all the Engineering colleges are out side the city (minimum of 30 kms.) and the students could not spend time for other activities like sports,culturals,etc since from dawn to dusk they spending their time in college and also in traveling.If the study the practicals simultaneously PM's make in India will have very good effect 
0 0 AICTE should define syllabus which will train our engineers in such a way that they are ready to perform at desk once the join employment. Today's engineers only are busy in term work and assignment than actualy performing engineering.Toady I can see there is huge gap for creating scientist through engineering. Please identify those gaps. Shrikant Joshi (Pune) (9822753466) 
0 0 NIT's and IIT's fees must be reduced for education of poor community. The scholarship given to us after admission should be given directly to the MHRD in order to reduce fees burden. #MHRD #PrimeMinister 
0 0 National Institute of Technology Uttarakand's campus is situated in hilly area Pauri,Shrinagar. NIT UTTARAKHAND does not have any permanent campus, studentsare staying in temporary campus for more than 5 years fromthe day of establishment of this collage. Eventhe collage fee was doubled last year without any increment in facilities because of which many students had left or dropped from collage.I hope that collages of national importance must be given more importance. #MHRD 
0 0 National Institute of Technology Uttarakand's campus is situated in hilly area Pauri,Shrinagar. NIT UTTARAKHAND does not have any permanent campus, studentsare staying in temporary campus for more than 5 years fromthe day of establishment of this collage. Eventhe collage fee was doubled last year without any increment in facilities because of which many students had left or dropped from collage.I hope that collages of national importance must be given more importance. 
0 0 The facts for the institution/college/university....should be checked on actual basis and not under the influence...of any body. But this can't happened as in PK movie AK mentioned there are managers...in reality you pick up any field and even education there are managers...they will manage the things by means  of bribe, or any other means. 
0 0 Hallo Sir i Am Provash Majhi Lived West Bengal hooghly Dist.Recent I Hear The Govt.Started A big Program Digital India. This Program Working Digital Ration Card,Adhar Card,Manny Work,So I Requst I Working This Program. 
0 0 i think if the governing body and the inspectors do there  work honestly than only we can achieve the aim, mission and vision of AICTE. Number of times we have seen that at every level there is manipulation in data and facts. Due to this we have became habitual and the governing body first allows the college/institute/university to enroll the students having no infrastructural facilities and than talk about the quality. There must be some stringent rules which should be followed. 
0 0 I am a pune university student.So I have information on University of pune. In this University they focused on the THEORETICAL KNOWLEDGE than that of Practical skill development of students. There are lots of assignments for students. I think they should also try to improve the skills of students by increasing the practical work and decreasing this theoretical work on the other side. Thank you. 
0 0 it is amazing.............. so cool........ 
0 0 During recent years the number of unemployed engineers has been increasing rapidly compared to other streams of education and main thing is people are not getting the jobs of their interest. It may be due to lack of quality education from the engineering colleges which are running by the corrupt people who are doing business with the education or the lack of practical knowledge of the students, for all these problems #AICTE should come up with a solution as early as possible. 
0 0 Link all Govt assistance to productivity and utility of institution. 2 Institutions not performing as laid standards should be derecognised.3 Put counter varification system in work it should be invisible like RAW 
0 0 ss 
0 0 Sir iss saal jee main clear karke b apne state k engineering college me admission Ni mil rha h jabki mujhse kam rank walon ka admission asani se hi rha h.....problem yhi h Ki main other state se inter pass kiya aur aaj na mere state me admission Ho rha h na other state me...kam se kam mujhe idea dijiye Ki kya Karun. Main St category ka hun Jharkhand state k ek garib pariwaar se hun....engineering me carrier banana chahta hun 
0 0 Emphasis should be laid on Research & Development and Innovative Thinking. 
1 0 Please make it mandatory for all the engineering colleges to have a association with a major Industry where the students have to do Three months of practical training every year. then you will see the quality of engineers change from not employable to employable graduates. 
0 0 INTEGRATE practical training with academic knowledge.  Give incentive to educational institutionals who ENCOURAGE ENGINEERS to live back and work in India.  Bring on some kind of regulation for all the trained engineers NOT to leave the country immediately but to payback in some kind of service. 
0 0 इसके लिए हर संस्थान में शीघ्रातिशीघ्र एक Entrepreneurship Department स्थापित किये जाने की अनिवार्यता लागू की जानी चाहिए और पाठ्यक्रम में भी किसी भी एक Semester में एक Entrepreneurship Project Work अनिवार्य रूप से शामिल करना चाहिए जिससे सभी छात्र छात्राएँ इस तरफ सोच सकें और कुछ नया कर सकें। इसके अलावा उन्हेँ Startups,Entrepreneurs के बारे में समय समय पर अवगत कराया जाना चाहिए ताकि वो उससे प्रेरणा लेकर खुद को तैयार करें। ये जहां एक तरफ रोज़गार बढ़ाने में लाभकारी होगा वहीँ विकास दर में भी सहायक होगा 
0 0 जो अभी भी एक सामान्य जीवन के लिए सतत प्रयासरत है। और ये बिना Entrepreneurship को बढ़ावा दिए संभव नहीं है। अगर तकनीकी संस्थान theory की बजाय Real time lessons और Practicals पर ज़ोर दें तो स्थिति कहीं ज़्यादा बेहतर होगी। इसके लिए संस्थानों को companies के साथ tie-up करना होगा जहाँ होने सच में सीखने और अपने हाथ आज़माने का मौका मिले। इस बात की अधिक से अधिक कोशिश होनी चाहिए की पढाई पूरी करने के बाद वो नौकरी की तलाश के लिए न भटकें बल्कि खुद को आत्म निर्भर बना सकें और ज़रूरतमंदों को भी रोज़गार दे सकें। 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी एक कमी जो मुझे न्यूनाधिक सभी उच्च तकनीकी शिक्षा संस्थानों में दिखती है वो यह है की यदि IIT और IIM जैसे संस्थानों को छोड़ दें तो हमारी तकनीकी शिक्षा प्रणाली सिर्फ हमें स्नातक उपाधि की लिए ही तैयार करती है जिससे हम कल को हम एक नौकरी हासिल करके उस संस्थान का placement record अच्छा कर सकें लेकिन इस दौर में ये सोच हमें लगातार पीछे धकेल रही है। हमारी शिक्षा का मुख्य उद्देश्य हमें आत्म निर्भर बनाने पर होने चाहिए ताकि कल को हम देश की उस तमाम गरीब आबादी को लाभ पंहुचा सकें। 
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, it has already very unfortunate that some of the under-qualified engineering colleges like in Sub-urban areas of Hyderabad have got permits from AICTE due to Corrupted officials during wrong politician like YS Rajasekhar Reddy's period & may be even today during Telangana's most unfit CM- K Chandrasekhar Rao. This KCR has even scolded Prime Minister for sensitive HYDERABAD and if an ALCOHOLIC Drinker like KCR becomes CM of Telangana this is what Results into DEGRADATION of morals 
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, it has already very unfortunate that some of the under-qualified engineering colleges like in Sub-urban areas of Hyderabad have got permits from AICTE due to Corrupted officials during wrong politician like YS Rajasekhar Reddy's period & may be even today during Telangana's most unfit CM- K Chandrasekhar Rao. This KCR has even scolded Prime Minister for sensitive HYDERABAD and if an ALCOHOLIC Drinker like KCR becomes CM of Telangana this is what Results into DEGRADATION of morals 
0 0 MyOracle Support is a Oracle Portal is one of the best example of how best Knowledge can be shared in well organized way. May be goverment can think about comming up with such portal to make skill development mission a reality. 
0 0 दिल्ली विश्वविद्यालय ने अंको के आधार पर जो कट आफ जारी किये है इसकी अपेक्षा आवेदन कर्ता विद्यार्थीयो के नाम की सुचियाँ जारी करना चाहिये थी पुरे देश के विद्यार्थी आवेदन करते है अनेक नही जान पाते कि उनको किस कालेज मे प्रवेश मिल रहा है यह गलत प्रकिया है जिसमे जानकारी के अभाव और दिल्ली से दुर होने के कारण  कम अंक वाले विद्यार्थी प्रवेश पाते है अधिक अंक वालो को सुचना दी जानी चािये थी। 
0 0 शिक्षाविदो ने  अंको के आधार पर प्रवेश देने की प्रक्रिया को कितना जटिल बना दिया है यह दिल्ली के कट आफ से पता चल रहा है जिसमे प्रवेश के लिये आवेदित विद्यार्थियो के नाम नही है बल्कि अंक है अर्थात् नागरिको की हेसियत से उँचे कटआफ है ,जो सामान्य लोगो की समझ से परे है । शिक्षा सत्र २०१५ के प्रारंभिक दिनो मे ही विद्यार्थियो को तरह तरह की परेशानियों से दो चार होना पड़ रहा हैं।यू.जी.सी. से मान्यता प्राप्त शासकीय और अशासकीय विश्वविद्यालयों मे आयोजित परीक्षायो उनमे प्रवेश हेतु रखी जा रही काउँसलिग मे अ 
0 0 ###शिक्षा सत्र २०१५ विद्यार्थियो की परेशानी अराजकताये समाप्त हो शिक्षा मे व्याप्त अराजकताये समाप्त हो देश मे नये शिक्षा सत्र की शुरूआत परीक्षाओ की अविश्वसनीयता के साथ शुरू हुई जो माननीय न्यायालय के आदेश से पुनः आयोजित की जावेगी ।मे समझता हूँ कि प्रत्येक विश्वविद्यालय अपनी अपनी प्रवेश परीक्षाये अलग अलग तरीको से पृथक पृ्थक तारीखो मे ले रहे है जो सही नही है यू. जी. सी. को दिशा निर्देशन करना चाहिये ।सबाल यह भी है कि क्या ये परीक्षाये जरूरी है?देश मे उच्च शिक्षा के क्षेत्र मे व्याप्त अराजकताये स 
0 0 मेरे सुझाव निम्न है १..प्रवेश परीक्षाये विश्वनीय नही रह गई है  अतएव शालेय स्तर से एक बहुआयामी परीक्षा  सिस्टम बनाया जाना चाहिये जिसमे प्रतियोगी और प्रवेश परीक्षाओ की प्रगति रिपोर्ट को आधार मानकर प्रवेश की पात्रता सुनिश्चित की जा सके । २...अखिल भारतीय स्तर पर जब भी कोई परीक्षा निरस्त हो जिसका आयोजन पुनः करना पड़े येसे मे समुचे देश मे प्रवेश संबँधी अधिसुचानाये जारी की जानी चाहिये । ३..प्रवेश परीक्षाओं और प्रवेश को आनलाईन करने से  संबँधित विनियमन देश की सर्वौच्च संस्था संसद के माध्यम से आने च 
0 0 Instead of making a final year project work for engineering student  a CUT COPY PASTE item, we should focus on its importance on earlier years of engineering i.e. 2nd year or 3rd year. In final year most of the student struggled for their job perspective.They just wanted to submit the final project report By HOOK OR CROOK. 
0 0 शिक्षा की जबाबदेही ......सुझाव २०१५ भारत मे शिक्षा के चार स्पष्ट क्षेत्र हैं... एक... स्कूल शिक्षा (प्राथमिक माध्यमिक) व्दतीय...ओद्यौगिक प्रशिक्षण पोलीटेकनिक आई .टी.आई  फार्मेसी तृतीय...महाविद्यालयीन शिक्षा (सामान्य कालेज ,तकनीकी कालेज चिकित्सा महाविद्यालय) चतुर्थ ...उच्चत्तर वयवसायिक संस्थान I.I.M. I.I.T आदि आदि। सुझाव है कि शिक्षा के उपरोक्त क्षेत्र की जबाबदेही को समवर्ती सुची के विषयो के अनुरुप बाँटना चाहिये अर्थात स्कूल शिक्षा  राज्य और केन्द्र दोनो का सम्मलित विषय हो किन्तू उच 
0 0 #AICTE and #MHRD should look forward towards practical knowledge rather than theoritical knowledge. Now a days every college or university is just a building rather than a learning institute. I m also an engineering student of third year but till now i don't have any practical knowledge. #AICTE should cancel the affiliation of those colleges or universities who dont' give their students practical knowledge. 
0 0 Regarding clause (d) of the Brief of the report of the Review Committee of AICTE - The sub-standard institutes have to be revamped and clause of penalty could be inserted if they are caught doing unethical activities like - donations,capitation fee,absurd charges,sub-standard faculties,outdated labs,fictitious repair works,etc. I strongly support the point of having Unified single syllabus and course structure across for giving students common and equal pedestal to compete #MyGov,#AICTE,#MHRD 
4 0 In India the major problem is lack of practical knowledge. Government must give more and more focus on practicals rather than theoretical work. This problem occurs at both secondary as well as engineering level. 
1 0 Unemployment is a serious problem with Engineers, I'm also an unemployed engineer seeking non-tech jobs. My college was also AICTE approved, but in the span of 4 years I didn't saw any rules or procedures followed by the college management. Most of the teachers were just Undergraduate and LABS were just a museum. No one was interested in giving practical information. My suggestions are: Independent Half-yearly audit, digitally verified teachers, and All India DEDICATED student complaint portal. 
0 1 Sir I would like to see our BSNL land phone to be  SMART LAND PHONE with facilities of smartphone 
1 0 Dear sir I think all private engineering colleges under aicte needs cross verrification because they are totally scrapping youth of India and also the precious money of common man because neither they have efficient faculties and nor enough infra so that they can produce skill engineers they are just producing millions of unemployed students and by playing their future.I think employment should be a criteria to judge their performance and also some evaluation criteria for management and staff 
0 0 Dear sir Please give suggestion of my inquiry I’m pass out in MBA + LLB but my payment 12000 rupees per month working in last 6 year in viraj profile ltd tarapur Maharashtra  I want developed my skill please provide training technical KINDLY GIVES US FULL DETAILS. 
0 0 I may sound weird but MHRD be scrapped and replace with new Min. of Education(ME), as we have made a ministry for skill development alone which seem an arm of MHRD. ME shall be responsible for Primary,Secondary, Technical, Professional Edn in the country (except IIT,IIM). CBSE,NCERT,ICSE, State cyllabus created hell lot of divergence in standards, same flowed into higher Edn. with deemed Univ (most abused term :P) This needs course corretion.Scrap Let ME takeover, weed out Corrupt AICTE 
0 0 DEAR SIR, I AM RUNING A COMPUTER ACADEMY AT BAREILLY , HAVE A SPACE OF 2000SQFT. COVERD AREA WITH FULL AC. HAVE 20 SET OF COMPUTERS FOR TRANNING. I WANT TO START COURSES OF SKILL DEVELOPMENT IN UNDER OF YOUR GUIDE LINE AT BAREILLY UP. KINDLY GIVES US FULL DETAILES HOW CAN I START AT BAREILLY, SUSHIL MITTAL RISHABH INSTITUTE OF COMPUTER EDUCATION 178, GANDHI NAGAR BAREILLY UP 243122 M- 9837554908.9359962400 
0 0 sar hamare desh me job he lekin life setal honevale job bhahuth kam he all job or tempravry for tecnical student .. so plz aviod and give to perment job for youths its very very hepl for indian growts . its  also avoiding for youts going to out of cuntry 
2 0 Indian intelligence is far ahead of Western intelligence, the only lacking is relevant technology in university labs to carry out research work on their own! We request you, AICTE curriculum can be modified later, first introduce cutting edge technology in university labs by buying it from either privatized labs or by importing the same! 
2 0 Please setup a committee of experts in nano electronics, physics, chemical technology, biotech, medical technology, dynamics, etc. to introduce experimentation technology, R&D based labs in Indian universities of repute, like IIT, IISc, they will be the real technological fountainheads to introduce technology in technical education sector. Use of Vinod Dham, Ashoke Sen, M.S.Swaminathan, A.P.J.Abdul Kalam, will be very appreiciated. 
1 0 Should design and implement centralized education system so it will be easy for the students as well as education board to manage the things and maintain equality in education field.. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Please remove independence from all councils ie AICTE or any state board of technical education or state govt who permits to form University. Bring all under UGC controlled by MHRD central govt. Let AICTE be the dept of UGC to check syllabus n subjects before giving recognisition to any institute or University. Let UGC give all recognition so people will know which university/Institute is recognized and courses. SNDT University is UGC reognised but running unrecognised course. 
0 0 आम education pr gov dheyan de...BA MA close kare...kosal universty open kare job pada kare... 
2 0 1. Education in human values : a. We need to add some lessons on Laws and information on punishments of wrong doings. b. We should also add ayurveda knowledge. Small house hold remedies and health care. c. We should also add one small topic of farming. In which every child will be thought of growing plants and new technologies in this field. d. We should add one small-yearly exercise for girls and boys which will allow them to do house hold chors together. 
0 0 GOVT. SHOULD ALSO HELP FOR ORGANIZING GOVT. COLLEGES OF UPTU TO ENROLL THEIR STUDENTS IN DIFFERENT TYPES OF OLYMPIADS AND INTERNATIONAL COMPETITIONS HICH CAN ENHANCE THEIR THOUGHTS. GOVT. MUST THINK FOR IT.... 
1 0 Government shall provide relief to all working professionals by deducting the fees paid for Post Graduate study courses from `taxable income'. for courses which are approved by AICTE/UGC. This will provide encouragement for doing ME/M Tech. 
2 0 Many Engineering colleges which is approved by AICTE is not having necessary lab facilities and faculties as per norms. 
2 0 Politicians, Bizmen are diverting their ill gotten money to start Engineering colleges, in some cases reputed Educationists are made as fronts of these colleges. 80% of these colleges are run with Politician backup right from getting AICTE recognitin to micro management. Untill this corrupt link is broken, nothing can better this AICTE. Atbest cosmetic changes may happen with much effort. 
2 2 There are four year to study in engineering after 12th science passed student and first two semester are same for all engineering branch. is it required? is it not possible to design particular branch course? pl. review on this 
2 0 The seats for the colleges should be reviewed each year after proper assessment of requirements of engineers in industry The seats should be increased or decreased based on the quality of engineers produced by them, the quality scores Will be given by the employer no govt agency is involved  the colleges should be setup in proximity of industry 
1 0 In engineering colleges faculty r appointed who r ineligible for the post. Mostly colleges recruit b.tech qualified candidates .because they accept very low salary even 9000 p.m 
4 0 (a)There should be limit of Engineering Colleges as the quality of education is degrading day by day leads to unemployment (b)Engineers are like labour force today; so minimize the number of technical colleges by increasing the quality of education; increase the bar for approvation (c) No reservation in the recruitment of Professors/lecturers; this leads to incapable faculty in Higher Institutions(IITs/NITs); keep in mind that TEACHERS/PROFESSORS are the building blocks of NATION 
0 0 is there no option for MP students that they can enroll them for distance university .here in MP do not have resources TO UNIVERSITY so that they can provide guide to phd scholar. WHAT IS THE SOLUTION THEN IN TECHNOLOGY SECTOR /ENGINEERING SECTOR. 
1 0 There should be a placement cell at national level for all engineering students so that non-iitians may also get a chance to get a good placement and for this a qualifying entrance should be kept. India mai talent ki kami nahi hai,isliye talent chipna nahi chahiye. 
2 0 In Private Engineering colleges faculties are appointed at a Very LOW Salary and no other benefits Like Leaves,Medical Leaves Summer/Winter Break are Provided to them.There is no security of JOB. Faculty Development programs are also not conducted for them, so in such conditions an EXPLOITED faculty can not give Quality Education/Training to the students of B.Tech/other professional courses. AICTE and GOVERNMENT both are required to see in to the matter for the betterment of students. 
0 0 In Private Engineering colleges faculties are appointed at Very LOW Salary and no other benefits Like Leaves,Medical Leaves Summer/Winter Break are not Provided not only this there is no security of JOB. Faculty Development programs are also not conducted for them, so in such condition an EXPLOITED faculty can not give Quality Education/Training to the students of B.Tech/other professional courses. AICTE and GOVERNMENT both are required to see in to the matter for the betterment of students. 
1 0 Respected Sir, allotment of round three for IIT students is declared 18/07/2015 but till 12.32 result isnt yet declared on net.Time period of reporting to allotted IIT is given very short and reporting is must in the given time.student select in iit from all over india and it is not possible to reach given iit in india from his hometown therefore kindly look in to matter and please give at least one week time after third round so students can manage railway reservation and other preparation. 
3 0 The quality education in engineering colleges is not taken care of.... Maximum of those who do not get jobs in MNC'S college hire them for teaching at low salary to make high profit.... We must emphasise on the quality education. 
1 0 और जो भी सरकारी कार्य या रिपोर्ट आदि दिए जाते हैं वो राष्ट्रभाषा हिंदी के स्थान पर अंग्रेजी में क्यों बनाए जाते हैं? हर विषय का आरम्भ से अंत तक पाठ्यक्रम हिंदी माध्यम में क्यों नही उपलब्ध करवाया जाता? क्या भारत के समान्य नागरिक का इतना भी अधिकार नही कि वह भारत की सबसे अधिक समझी जाने वाली और राष्ट्रभाषा हिंदी में सम्पूर्ण शिक्षा ले सके और सभी सरकारी जनतक रिपोर्ट्स पढ़ सके ? कृपया इस ओर शीघ्र ध्यान दें और हिंदी के महत्व को समझ कर इसे सर्वत्र प्रयोग में लाएं और लागू करें. 
0 0 हमारा विमानिका शास्त्र अमेरिका ने क्यों मंगवाया ? आज अमेरिका जर्मनी और अनेक विकसित देश हमारे र्पचीन ग्रन्थ संहिताएँ और शास्त्रों पर गहन अध्ययन कर के उन्नति कर रहे हैं अपना ज्ञान विज्ञानं मजबूत कर रहे हैं और हम संस्कृत का विरोध करने में लगे हैं..हमे समझना और समझाना होगा कि संस्कृत में लिखे प्राचीन पुस्तकों में कितना उच्च स्तरीय विज्ञानं है जो हमे विश्व में सबका गुरु बनाने की क्षमता रखता है.आज संस्कृत को पूरे देश के पाठ्यक्रम का अनिवार्य भाग बनाने की आवश्यकता है.इस से विज्ञानं संग नैतिकता भी आएगी. 
5 0 1) Technical education should create Entrepreneurs rather than employees 2) Instructors knowledge should be evaluate at periodical basis (to keep them upto mark) 3) More importance to practicals than theory 4) Should have more sandwich courses than regular course. 
0 0 Being an engineer I found that the course has become so obsolete that it has to be revamped on priority. The course need to be more industry oriented more applications. The other thing which can be done is making it 5 year course in which one year is compulsory internship like in medical field so that instead of wasting time in searching job or so one can get trained in his field and become more industry oriented. The responsibility will not be of student but of college. 
5 0 AICTE should largely focus on quality of Practicals lesson taught in technical education, regularly evaluation of Practical examination taken by the technical universities and institution.Check the misappropriate marks awarded in privately managed institution in theory and practical examinations in all technical universities. Regularly check the utilization of instrumentation in practical teaching, practical coursework taught in institution. Focus on Evaluation of Practical examination. 
0 0 We want to practical oriented practice...for all technical college 
0 0 The slogan save daughter and read to daughter is very correct but every cost ism's  daughters can be included in reservation along with OBC,ST, SC and others then it will be succeeded  cum  very very correct and surly 100% sons will progress with daughters.Lot of thanks include to it in further policy. 
1 0 If an student completed two years graduation degree in 1983 or before as per University norms and his education is fully applicable to include in any graduation course like wise First year LLB(three years degree course)but Universities has proved non eligible due to non completion of three years Graduation course.  It is not justice for that who has completed Graduation and achieved DEGREE because the same course duration was two years.  Please accept and include to it in policy. Lot of thanks 
0 0 No doubt engineering collage in india is more then good schools . Because of these corrupt aicte officer's we are only produce engineering "tag" in such collage. Sir please provide councilors to all schools of india so that they can equally understand the importace of all degree provided by indian collage. 
0 0 all aicte member are corrupt.they take bribe and give affilation to any engg college.Mimnimum marks should be fix to take admission in btech in all college. 
0 0 AICTE inspection visits to Institutes should be open and transparent. The entire process of inspection should be captured through camera. the institutes just manage to get AICTE approvals by manipulation at the time of visits. there should be surprise visits by AICTE team to institutes on random basis. there is a need for change in quality of teaching. it can't be repetitive and mechanical. Negligible gap in what is happening around the world and what we are teaching and doing research. 
0 0 AICTE rules will not follow many engineering colleges such as high structure of college fees, there is no research and development project works, labs which doesnt have licensed simulation softwares and well equipped, staff wont get 5th or 6th payscale, very less % of D.A. and no EPF also. AICTE wont ask enginnering colleges to improve or anything. 
0 0 Technical Education contributes to new innovations, which is a prime mover of National Development in 21st Century. Thus, I would recommend AICTE to work on unification of certain engineering branches on future demands like Mechanical-Electronics, Chemical-Mettallurgical etc. It would also be very beneficial if the undergraduates are indirectly allowed to contribute to projects of national developments. And Industrial Training must be given more importance in the Curriculum. 
1 0 The functioning of AICTE is not upto the mark. The scholarships are not released on time that might be because they donot have enough staff ang space to carry out their day to day activities. My suggestion is rather than one AICTE office there should be an AICTE office on a group of five districts. All sort of work related to affiliated institute should be given to these group districts offices including fonancial one and separate budget should be allocated to each office. 
0 0 AICTE shoild club togather electrical and computer science engineering and these two couses are complementary to each other. Thses is also the practice all over the globe. Also AICTE should make 6 month industrial training complusory for undergraduates.This will help to groom industry ready engineers. 
0 0 The of teaching must be changed. My ideas and recommendations are included in the document. 
0 0 they can should be create a special course related research and development 
0 0 There should be special course related to defence research and development. It will help India to make defence equipment in india. 
1 0 There is an oversupply of engineering colleges as compared to students who are aspiring for the same. At the same time, AICTE continues to give approvals for new colleges. This is bizarre. They are fully aware of how many seats go vacant in engineering colleges. In Maharashtra, there is more than 50000+ seats vacant out of a total of 1.5L seats and still new colleges got added this year. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,नमस्कार। महोदय जी, राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास नीति हेतु आभार व साधुवाद , महोदय जी राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास नीति को BBA BCA BTECH जैसे पाठ्यक्रमों में भी लागू करने का कष्ट करें क्योंकि कि इस प्रकार के पाठ्यक्रम भी कौशल विकास आधारित है। आशा करता हूँ कि आप राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास नीति को सभी क्षेत्रों में लागू करेंगे । धन्यवाद। 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,नमस्कार। महोदय जी, राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास नीति हेतु आभार व साधुवाद , महोदय जी राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास नीति को BBA BCA BTECH जैसे पाठ्यक्रमों में भी लागू करने का कष्ट करें क्योंकि कि इस प्रकार के पाठ्यक्रम भी कौशल विकास आधारित है। आशा करता हूँ कि आप राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास नीति का दायरा बतायेंगे। धन्यवाद। 
0 0 All engineering graduates/post graduates should be made compulsory to teach in Govt. engineering colleges for a year like medical graduates. 
1 0 First reduce the no. of Engineering colleges. Most do not have the infrastructure like Up-to-date labs,the latest machinery etc. The teaching faculty is also of sub standard.Those who do not get job anywhere opt for teaching profession.Post graduate or Doctoral candidates who really want to pursue teaching profession are very few.So Government need to do something in this regard. 
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/SrinivasagopalanRamasamySeshadri?ref=bookmarks Mrs Radha Srinivasagopalan , she is a citizen from Pondicherry India, helping in collaborations among Universities ,Colleges , Schools ,Educational Institutions ,Hospitals Training institutions ,Medical , Engineering , I.T , Global technologies , Travel & Tourism and Marketing etc. 
0 0 सर मै खुद एक फार्मेसी कॉलेज में लेक्चर हु और फार्मेसी ये ऐक्टे के अंदर आता है. ये सस्था है उसने पुरे देश की टेक्निकल एजुकेशन वाट लगा दी है. उसमे सिर्फ पैसा चलता है. पिछले १०-१२ साल से इस सस्था द्वारा देश में किराणा स्टोर जैसे कॉलेज और उनकी सीट बढ़ाई है. 
0 0 हमारी फार्मेसी फिल्ड का ऐसा है ऐक्टे कॉलेज और सीट बड़ा देती और चार साल बाद  पीसीआई उसको रजिस्ट्रेशन देती है इस बजस से ऐक्टे ने कुछ कॉलेज को २४० तक सीट बड़ा दी और पीसीआई की सिर्फ १०० सीट अनुमति है फिर उसमे सबसे जड़ा नुकसान छात्र का है इसलिए इसको डिसोल्व कर दो हर फिल्ड के एक सेपरेट संस्था चालू कर के उसको ही सब अधिकार दो. 
0 0 My suggestions are in the attached pdf file. #AICTE #MHRD #HigherEducation #TechnicalEducation #MyGov 
0 0 We should give more importance to Practical Training as well as Multiple Choice Questions on the subjects which can be have such type of exams. Practical training is zero in India and we are just trained to answer the Masters which is there after the study days too. Innovation can only come from Practical work. 
1 0 Students sit for exam after studying just 10 days before the exam. They are able to do this because practical subjects have much less importance and more importance is given to mugging up of the text books. Besides, caste based reservation will never allow proper selection of students. As an example, 66 out of the 73 expelled students in IIT Roorkee had secured admission only because of caste based reservation. 
0 0 CBSE UGC NET previous years Question Papers (Paper-I, Paper-II and Paper-III) and Answer Keys are given in this website www.net-question.in 
0 0 Reservation & less practical knowledge  both are the most important problem . 
0 0 Different school boards have different marking patterns, some give higher marks than others, then how can two students be judged. Moreover quota system should be ended and even paid seat system should be ended and capable students should get proper opportunities. 
2 0 reservation should be based on economical scale.. 
0 0 #AICTE For Example; Board            PCM Marks   Percentage  Percentile  JEE Mains Marks  Merit Rank ICSE             200/240     83.33       78.4        109              8397 State Board      230/295     77.96       90.25       87               5217 CBSE Board       219/240     91.25       92.53       75               5501 Is this method in justice with all the students? Please vote. 
0 0 #AICTE I have completed my 12th std in ICSE board from Gujarat with 83% in Physics,Chemistry,and Maths.In jee mains I have got 109 marks but the method adopted by the Admission Committee for Professional Courses(ACPC) for the preparation of merit list is not satisfactory.Acoording to that method the students from state board with lesser percentage than the other board students are getting admission into better institutes.So I here by request you to take strict actions and save our futures. 
3 0 I am a student of Government college. Improving the question pattern as objective types than normal one. so,Knowledge will develop and also improve them into logical solving problems. Institute Industry interface #iiigenin make student to develop their career before they get placed and also useful for  future working in industry. It also student know what quality will company except from student. Thank you for reading and I think may you consider my suggesion. 
0 0 I am a student of RGPV University student, in MP most of collages affiliated by RGPV and the condition on all collages very poor because they don't have a fatality and infrastructure to provide a better study environment 
0 0 1) As we all know AICTE is responsible for giving colleges and university affiliation and most of the time it give affiliation without these institutes having basic education facilities so we should make tough guidelines and do regular check-up of these colleges and universities. 2) we should upgrade education syllabus standards of institutes after every 5 years so we can match with global students to consume latest technologies we buy from world. upgrade NIT to IIT and IIT to research inst. 
0 1 Sir, I am an MCA from one reputed institute with PhD degree holder. I want to share one important problem related with this course. Basically it is an IT related course like BTech, MTech or MSc in computer science or IT. I have more than 10 years experience of teaching in this field and recently struggling of  maintain my job as I failed to run the institute where I work. 
0 1 Sir, I am an MCA from one reputed institute with PhD degree holder. I want to share one important problem related with this course. Basically it is an IT related course like BTech, MTech or MSc in computer science or IT. I have more than 10 years experience of teaching in this field and recently struggling of  maintain my job as I failed to run the institute where I work. The course structure of BTech, MTech, MSc or MCA are more or less same but MCAs are not eligible for teaching the BTech stude 
0 0 Sir by openig the engg olleges though we have given the youth an ooportunity to do engg in various fileds,sir its really sorry to say that the colleges so affilaiated doesn't have basic infrastructure. Engg colleges must have machine shops /full fleged electronic / electrical lab survey instruments for civil these colleges lack of this. today youth doen't get practical training and becomes a engg. without knowing himself how is he going to get work done the system of affilation needs a review 
0 0 The Engineering colleges are not successful in providing Technical Education. They spend crores of rupees in for infrastructure and outer looking of the college and not for providing high standard Technical Education. This is just to attract the freshers. Once students joined in the college they concentrate on getting money from the students apart from the fee reimbursement offered by the state govt. In this way the students are going to loss their 4 years of valuable learning time. 
0 0 Sir, Aicte is most corrupt body ,all the members of aicte take money for giving approval. My suggestion is that the members should be selected through examination not by through jack. Regards 
0 0 on the following matter i have talk to there principal but they have not satisfactory reply. there for i do a complain against them to DTE MP who deal with diploma wing in MP.still waiting for there response. 
0 1 i am Yashpal Raghuwanshi wants to say that i have qualification of B.E. and M.E in electronics Engineering. also have experience of teaching in various institute. But when i have  apply for that Sv poly technique college Bhopal and Women poly technique college Bhopal (on line on 2 nd July 2015) they have not short listed me for the interview that will to be hold on 14/07/15 and 15/07/15. my question is that for the guest faculty B.E.+M.E.+exp is not  desired qualification then what. 
0 0 AICTE is one of d most corrupt & inefficient organisation in the country today.I have seen during my college days that during college inspection they clearly avoid even d lack of basic amenities & instruments for an engineering college,d only thing colleges have to do to get their certifications is to keep them happy by any means suitable.Getting an engineering degree has become a curse today and all this is due to their courtesy.they have opened a shop of selling certificates. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Jai Shri Krishna.Today we need quality education and student must get maximum government help in view of quality education so they  can study more and contribute their skills for development of our country.  regards. divyesh kothari . delhi 
2 0 आज हर स्टेट में नकल उपरी क्लास से निचली क्लास तक हो रही है इससे हम छात्रों की पढने समझने की क्षमता कम हो रही है और सरकार प्राइवेट शिक्षा में बढावा दे रही है क्योकि प्राइवेट कालेजो से ज्यादा इनकम होती है। लेकिन प्राइवेट कालेज या स्कूल पैसा कमाने के उद्देश्य से सभी छात्रों को पास कराने के लिए नकल कराते है जिससे उनके कालेज का नाम हो और उनके कालेज मे और छात्र आये। चाहे पढे या न पढे घर बैठे डिग्री पाये वाली हाल इस समय प्राइवेट शिक्षण संस्थानों का हो गया है। क्या इस व्यवसाय को रोका नही जा सकता। 
0 0 reservation should be stop for better education and equility in candidates 
0 0 iam a student of final year B.E from anjuman college of engg & tech ,and we know what is the standers in our colleges right now .but even after this AICTE certified that type of colleges where there  assets for engg is not in sufficient amount ,and in all teachers make that institute like primary school in which student only mugging the question and answers only for the reason of pass in there academics.results engineers who come from that type college and university are notemployable 
0 0 A fund like PM relief fund can be created for Education for capable students including EWS students. People can donate generously in this fund which may be kept exempted from income Tax. this would help in improving the education level of weaker section students who otherwise would not be able to get good education. 
0 0 About course/syllabus content i feel it has to be made more centric towards job orientation and encourage students during their college time itself for startups/technical business models by including some subjects about startup/business base knowledge like Govt policies for new startups,legal proceedings,market analysis of current environment including rural/urban areas and problem statements associated and find effective business solutions for such problems using technology. 
0 0 Is it nessary to give a my priceless oinion in a section regarding reservation based education Http://facebook.com/vaibhavtareofficial 
0 0 Good evening everyone. Nowadays we have so much great technique to teach our students and learning process can be made much easy. As i am electrical engineer, i have done 4 years B Tech course, but at that time everything was superficial, but nowadays you go to youtube and search any technical videos you will get it and understanding of syllabus will be easy. So i prefer Teaching with onsite training or through Videos. Colleges can ask their alumini 2 give such videos or photos for easy learning 
0 0 I hope PM/CM or other government represented read this and hope help today’s generation students those interesting in research and teaching. 
0 0 just see views of others.. thts mine also not only mine but of thousand of students because AICTE is just a corrupt oraganisation which will never make India a developed nation. if Graduation level be so poor in India then there is noo any need of Make in India or Digital India type Initiative. I request kindly go through all comments. 
1 0 Honourable Prime Minsiter Of India Shri Narendra Modi. I am a student pursuing last year of my civil engineering through Bharti Vidyapeeths college of engg. The quality of education in our colleges shld be imprved and prpr guidence be given to students inorder that they can prepare themslvs for a challenging career which lies ahead. I thnk the quality of teaching staff and the accountability part of the college should be an importnt criteria so that students can tke optimum bneft of the currclm 
1 0 Technical institutions have  very poor knowledge sharing in classes & poor examination structure. Neither teachers nor students have in depth knowledge of a subject. Teachers give specific class notes without going in detail and set questions on basis of those class notes. Students just reproduce those answers like parrots. There is no actual knowledge gain. Examination system is to be designed in such a way that students as well as teachers must have to go through the subject in detail. 
1 0 In my point of view AICTE was a most corrupt organization in India, which have only know about money....In today scenario many engineering colleges in India don't have basic infrastructure and many engineering colleges don't follow basic rules of AICTE and UGC...........So I request to Indian govt plz do something otherwise near future no one to take admission in Engineering colleges. AICTE know that pvt engineering college faculty don't have respect. plz do something. 
1 0 The step to give admissions to students who get 6% marks in JEE to IIT will bring down the standards of our IITs. There should not be any step taken other than the set rules. 
1 0 #AICTE has been emerge as a corrupt institution since it gives affilation to private college very easily without inspecting the norms. A small example of uttar pradesh which have more than 700 private colleges of only b.tech. approved by AICTE. The maximum colleges have left vacant seat and many fill their seats via mgt.quota. These college's quality education are poor,hence they provides maximum number of unskilled job aspirent. The AICTE needs to be scrutiny well and more transparent. 
1 0 Request the honorable Pm/education ministers to introduce 2 year recruitment programs to prestigious public high tech institutions like IsRO, DRDO with incentives for the IITians & NIT passed out bright students to serve on different projects. They can be lured with the waiving off of income taxes of 2 years any time during their career in any of the organizations (be it a private or a public enterprise) they will be serving for till the age of 60. They may also find their career passion there. 
1 0 Research , Innovation and Business startup should be made the three pillars of excellence for all Academic institutions. Most successful ideas ,projects and startups should be funded by government to stabilize their growth . Discrimination on the basis of college should not be made. This will propel employment , skill base and technical excellence. This is the only way to curb plagued education standards ! 
1 0 We must emphasis on transfer of systems and teaching tactics and cooperation between top government institutes like iits to other government institutes like nit's and so on means try to improve level of institute by learning from better istitutes in their comparision. We can orgainse meets of nit and iits students,teachers and organise visits of iit institutes. And regularly try to update our iit institutes also. 
0 0 There has to be a COMPULSORY PUBLIC PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP between the colleges and private sector. The AICTE must emphasise on practical training. The GATE examinations that are conducted must be of higher standard. The colleges that offer M.Tech and M.E must be made to go through stringent quality control measures. The Post graduates MUST BE DEPUTED IN MANY PUBLIC SECTOR ORGANISATIONS SUCH AS NLC, BHEL to gain practical exposure. The focus of AICTE must shift to impart practical training 
1 0 There has to be a feeder unit to TRAIN TEACHERS / PROFESSORS to be appointed by the engineering colleges. Unfortunately the quality of engineering education imparted by the existing faculty is not upto the mark in many engineering colleges. the AICTE must change the rules so that only quality engineers and professors can call themselves as engineers. 
1 0 RESERVATION POLICY in #TechnicalEducation regularly affects the standard of our institutions We need to finish Jaatiwaad By giving reservations the gap between different casts is increasing SOLUTION: If a policy is made that to avail reservation benefits the individual will have to change his or her Surname to "Bhartiya" irrespective of caste, creed, or religion. Open reservation for everybody & anybody who is ready to change his Surname. Add a reservation for EWS. All Indian -" BHARTIYA" JH 
1 0 AICTE should exercise initiatives in public relations for promoting  research in specialized fields. Importance should be given more to practical sessions. 
3 0 AICTE has given affilation to lots of colleges and result of this is there are lots of engineering colleges today and lakhs of unemployed engineers 
2 0 AICTE should not approve the colleges who don't have any kind of facilities and proper staff, for monitoring this they should directly interact with students and continuously monitoring on projects and innovation then only we will get Good institutions...... 
1 0 A.I.C.T.E. should base its work on outcome rather than input based approach; technical education system can keep dynamism by entry of market forces but some do not want to go anywhere but only make money,so competitiveness within cities, states is necessary if global competitiveness is to be achieved. many real state businessman have entered but their focus is not education or training. 
1 0 Respected sir namaskar sir mai pichhle ek sal se interaction with PM me mail kar raha hoo us par me kareeb 100 mail kar chuka hoo par sir aaj tak usaka ek bhi jabab mujhhe nahi mila hamesa commitment de diya jata he sir mere poore parivar ko expectation bahut jyada he sir please kucch kijiye 
0 0 Technology makes the infrastructure of a health nation and the same way physical exercises, game, sports keeps one fit and healthy. Likewise Environmental Science, , games & sports, Yoga classes/session should be made mandatory in all institutes/colleges. when the body is fit and healthy the mind and the nation is healthy. And also to keep in pace with the industries globally, AICTE should see that all the Approved institutes should have a common and updates syllabi. 
1 0 If India needs to become authentic in their own eyes and the eyes of the world, then all the universities that do not fit deem to provide quality education should be banned. Only the universities with quality standards on all fronts: space, clean air, labs, professors, libraries etc, should be allowed to offer medical and technical courses and programs. The students who do not get admits in these degree programs could enroll into theoretical courses or technical diplomas. AICTE isn't strict yet. 
4 0 A central biometric aadhar connected system of teachers ,students & lab staffs should be created to check frauds & availability in the institutes. 
4 0 1.A yearly review of nation wide technical institutes should be done & the non performing institutes should be removed from the list. 2.The whole nation should follow the same syllabus as recommended by the IITs. 3.The selection of the students should be done on a common entrance test for the whole nation. 4.The exchange programs can be conducted between different institutions of teachers & students. 5.Industrial training & visits should be made mandatory for every university & institute. 
2 0 Respected Prime Minister Lot of people do not take material on Rashan Card, I also do not take. We should attached Rashan Card with Adhar so that only Needy people can take real advantage and Dealers can not take undue advantage. I request you to take care this. With Regards Manoj Goyal 
0 0 #NeedForModernGurukulams Smiriti ji, Please considering bringing in new Gurukulams. 1) Yoga, Self defence classes taught & practiced intermittently. 2) Traditional Education, Discipline & Character building lessons from our vedas 3) English Education from Alphabets to Spoken english 4) Maths & Science (English & Vedic) 5) Post lunch sessions - Practical science. 6) Evening session Games. 7) Post Evening classes must include the teaching of correct Indian History. (Non-British written) 
1 0 1.AICTE should only allow new institutions if it met the demand of the syllabus,have adequate technical equipment & labs,well qualified staff & should met the deamnd of the industry. 2.Many colleges after having all the necessary equipments doesn't focus on practicals,so the weightage in the syllabus of practical education should be increased. 3.The AICTE staff should have mixture of experience & youth. 4.A yearly reports of all the universities & colleges should be formed by the AICTE. 
2 0 #TechnicalEducation #AICTE it should be mandated that all academicians should spend at least 2 years in the industry before they can be given the title of Professors. The current process requires industry knowledge to ensure Make in India is a success and future generations do not just come of universities with just book knowledge instead they are employable. 
0 0 In  Chapter 24 (Regulation-oriented tasks and advisory role) I see the need for section where Faculty/Teachers information including Aadhar are maintained in a central database. This way during inspection/audit by rating agency education institutions will not be able to cheat about faculty numbers.  Currently during inspection/audit faculty who meet the AICTE norms are imported from other states only to make an appearance. This practice is rampant irrespective of private or govt institutions. 
0 0 Autonomy is important but as is transparency. I fully support the Fee regulatory committee.  #MHRD could you this approach for regulating elementary and high schools as well. This way every year striking and protesting by parents could be avoided as commercial promoters will have to get their fee hikes approved. 
1 0 अखिल भारतीय तकनीकी शिक्षा परिषद् की समीक्षा 
1 0 good morning friends, I went through the committee review , its really worthy if implemented correctly, moreover, we can add that regulation of  with introduction of star rating for private and other institutions based on their performance, infrastructure and track record. secondly, before curriculum start, organize a  technical ability test for the facaulity members and if below expectation, then provided coaching from different IES preparation institutes and should be bound to qualify. 
0 0 Stop all kinds of subsidy to the railway employees like loco pilots it will save lots of money 
0 0 #AICET-When i was studying that AICTE comes to our college and that few days our Admin team show fake pictures of our college but actually it was not like what they show. Although it is very committed student and teachers gives college a new position. 
0 0 any contribution can I do .. manish from mumbai 
0 0 Sir AICTE Inspection team used to take bribe from private College authority for allowing & continuation of Engineering & Management course.These colleges don`t have adequate Infrastructure and Lab,The graduates are passing out from these colleges don`t get job.Sir Please curb Education Mafias because they are digressing lots of youth future of our country 
1 0 Results should be announced at appropriate time our university I.e Rajasthan technical university delcare its result 6 month after the exam. Practical as well as theoretical knowledge should be given ,so odd semester can be made theoretical and even semester practical. thank you. 
1 0 I have a question that what we are learning in our enlarged syllabus is never ever praticed by us in industries. And the second part is that AICTE should increase the number of Automobile engineering collages in India along with the states of Maharashtra and Gujarat . Automobile expertise for attraction ofcompanies will be needed. Mechanical are there but for Automobile companies Automobile Engineers are needed 
3 0 The recommendations suggested by the Review Committee are appreciable and it may become realty through strict monitoring and control of the Government. 
1 0 #AICTE has done a great job till now. Previously if even you are intelligent and due to some reasons you are not able to clear IIT/AIEEE exams you have no way to make your dream of engineering comes true Now any student who has sufficient money/knowledge can think of pursue engineering. Thanks to #AICTE for this. but journey not ends here, many colleges are opened and now we need to work for improving our education system more stronger PFA for suggestions for improvement 
0 0 the results will  are useless due so many agencies and department and ministries and decentralisation of system is involved. Let Education be it technical or non technical, under MoHR OR MoEd. but make system under one umbrella fully responsible for enforcement and implementation of responsibilities. 
0 0 Several observations of the committee worth appreciation, still, it has no actionable points but mere juggling of words. The concrete framework with step wise implementation plan taking NKN facility into account should have been developed and included in the report. This framework should provide equal opportunity of learning and uniform assessment of research/project work associated with M.Tech./M.E., Ph.D. degree across all institute/colleges/universities of the country. 
0 0 Dear sir, Every technical institutions must have there research and developement centre for his PG,PhD and master degree students. 
2 0 All AICTE APPROVED COLLEGE SHOUD INCLUDE ONE STUDENT PANEL FOR BETEEMENT OF EDUCATION STANDERD ALL COLLEGES MADE POLICY FOR STUDENT WITHOUT ENVOLMNET OF THEM SO MANY OF THEM ARE RESULT IN FAILURE AND NOT GIVE OUTPUT AS DESIRED.AICTE SHOUD ALSO INTRODUCE RANKING SYSTEM FOR COLLEGES AS PER FACILITIES GIVEN BY THEM AND THEY SHOUD ASK REVIW FOR STUDENT SOME COLLEGES SHOW COMMITE INSPECTION MEMBER GOOD FACILITIES BUT IN BEHIND THE SCENE THEY GIVE STUDENT TO ACESS THE RESOURCE FOR VERY FEW DAYS. 
0 0 Standardization should be done at country level . Industries has many different standard of documentation. If standardized we can maintain the quality also . Same can be taught in institute . It should be revised on regular basis after suggestion/ feedback and updated as per latest technologies and requirements. 
0 0 Technical people who are working in industries can be involved in the colleges to introduce practical knowledge to have more of practical knowledge then bookish knowledge . Teacher / lecturer should get in touch with industries technical staff to improve practical knowledge . 
0 0 AICT-inspection should be conducted in every institution. vebsite should be started for student grievence 
0 0 I think in an attempt to restructure the AICTE the govt should focus on basics... 1)AICTE should be given greater autonomy and the professionals occupying the highest post should be expert and innovative in that field. 2)Examination pattern should be more research oriented and innovative such that we produce some best minds. 3)There is a need  to keep check on mass exodus of engineers from country,they are our human resources. 4)Finally ,last but not the least there should be a cap on seats 
0 0 A practice course for finishing students,according to their fields a company can offer them a project work with company professionals to gain industry experience and can apply those theoretical knowledge to make change in the industry, when the project complete he /she should submit what they learned and how they contributed to the change, if they meet the criteria a technical board can certify them as a trained professional in practice and the companies can be accredited for training students. 
2 0 Dear sir, Our technical courses should focus on industrial or practical exposures. I think approx 95% students, after passing out, don't know how the industry deals with projects, which technologies are mainly used etc. They have only bookish knowledge which is rarely directly used in industry. So they don't get any job, got frustrated, and start appearing for BANK related job, clerk level jobs, which are rarely related to his graduated subjects. 
2 0 Dear Sir, I think first of all we should check the demand and supply of the engineers in India. It is a common complain that AICTE gives permission to colleges for money. Even many of them lack of important infrastructures, quality teachers. And after passing out, students appear for Bank exams instead of core engineering field, because they don't get much job in their respective field!! Its a horrible nightmares for the students as well as for the guardians. 
0 0 Dear sir, One thing that I would like you to incorporate in technical education is compulsory industrial exposure & research related work for each and every teaching professional of engineering colleges. Teachers in engineering colleges are having bookish knowledge only and I have experienced that having some practical knowledge teachers can better deliver their lectures and students too can understand things in easy way. 
0 0 I AM  VERY SURE WITH DIGITAL MEDIA INDIA ROUND THE CORNER, EDUCATION SYSTEM NEEDS AN OVERALL DEVELOPMENT AND EFFECTIVE IMPLEMENTATION WHICH WILL BRING OUT MORE TRANSPARENCY WITHIN ITS OWN TECHNICAL SOCIETY AND ALSO WILL PUT AN EFFORT TO INITIATE INNOVATIVE IDEAS AND CREATIVITY AMONG YOUNGSTERS. 
2 0 सर शिक्षा की गुणवत्ता शिक्षको की गुणवत्ता पर निर्भर होती है ।मगर आज कल हर गली में खुले हुए इंजीनियरिंग और मैनेजमेंट इंस्टिट्यूट में उन छात्रो को ही फैकल्टी में 8 10 हज़ार की तनख्वा दे कर शामिल कर लिया जाता है जो खुद मुश्किल से पास हुए या जिन्हें कही नौकरी नहीं मिलती।सर जिन्हें खुद कुछ नहीं आता वह बच्चों को क्या पढ़ाएंगे ।सर ये कानून हो इन इंस्टिट्यूट्स में nat या इसके जैसा ही कोई अन्य एग्जाम पास व्यक्ति ही इन इंस्टिट्यूट्स में पढ़ा सके । 
0 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, even from before year 2014 we have severe complaints about BLIND APPROVALS given by the AICTE to under-qualified Engineering colleges. For EXAMPLE, during YSR government period in Hyderabad, it was WORST SITUATION for giving BLIND APPROVAL to many hundreds of colleges located in SUB URBAN without any labs, Equipment & STAFF. THERE IS NO DOUBT that CORRUPTED officials of AICTE have made this HUGE LOSSes. So PLEASE we have TO repair & rOOT OUT ALL THIS CORRUPTION to make good ENGG. 
1 0 SHRI MODI SAAB, even from before year 2014 we have severe complaints about BLIND APPROVALS given by the AICTE to under-qualified Engineering colleges. For EXAMPLE, during YSR government period in Hyderabad, it was WORST SITUATION for giving BLIND APPROVAL to many hundreds of colleges located in SUB URBAN without any labs, Equipment & STAFF. THERE IS NO DOUBT that CORRUPTED officials of AICTE have made this HUGE LOSSes. So PLEASE we have TO repair & rOOT OUT ALL THIS CORRUPTION to make good ENGG. 
0 0 Is MHRD Blind? What is AICTE Doing? visiting Colleges and giving them Good grade only. Seek the truth in the ground not in Director's Office and HOD's Office. Things are ugly here. There are lot of corruption happening like faculty selection, project running, consultancy work, infrastructure development, misbehavior of prof towards research scholar and PG students, mental harassment of students by college administration and faculties. No arrangement of Food, Room, & Lab for Research... 
0 0 o, lets talk about the #AICTE. ok, many of tgeengineering colleges now approvel by the organization but came to the courses by the gov like uptu, mtu and by the others so many deemed universities. if we see the syllabus its too wide and every first yesr from the 4 years are very hard and I think in first year there shoul not be to burden as so many students comes from the up board and got difficulties to understand so most of the students in b.tech got the year back. which is very bad,plese..., 
2 0 #AICTE, #MHRD, #HigherEducation, #TechnicalEducation, #MyGov  :  My views are attached 
0 0 I AM SURE WITH DIGITAL INDIA ROUND THE CORNER EDUCATION NEEDSAN OVERHAUL WHICH WILL BRING MORE CREATIVITY AMONG YOUNGESTERS RATHER THEM MAKING JOB READY WE CAN LOOK TO MAKE THEM +VE ATTITUDE SKILLS 
1 0 our systems are still depend what you remember at the time of examination. We are living at the cyber age now. At this era remembering something is not necessary. But we select the winners who remembering things in very good at the time of exam. 
0 0 whether AICTE approval is necessary for all engineering colleges or not? If yes then many deemed universities in South doesn't have. 
2 0 Hi Team, There is a lot of Engineering Colleges have been opened. Main question arise - Is they are capable of giving technical education which will help them in future ? -- Answer is NO. I don't know how many colleges get AICTE approval only two building is there and no good faculty neither a little bit facility provided by that Colleges. There prospectus show that there is 100% placement which is completely is false. The quality of Technical Education is worse. The syllabus is old. 
0 0 please help me sir, i need one loans ,am ajith from kerala now in qatar ,am thinking new tablet and laptop manufacturing factory in kerala (cooperative with alibaba) any more details     my email     chiplevel.com@gmail.com        0097477489169 
0 0 नमस्कार ,जिस तरह गैस subsidy छोडने से ऊसका फायदा गरीबो को होगा ऊसी तरह अगर हमारे देश के खासदार ऊनकी पगार ओर इतर सुविधाये छोडे तो ऊसका लाभ गरीबोको जादा होगा. subsidy से २००रुपये गरीबोको मिलेगे मगर खासदारोसे हजारो रुपये गरीबोको मिलेगे. धन्यवाद 
0 0 MODI JI YOU SHARED THAT THEOSE ARE DEVELOPED FAMLIES KINDLY REJECT THE GAS SUBSIDAIRY FOR OTHERS SO I AM REQUESTING YOU KINDLY SHARE THAT THOSE ARE DEVELOPED FAMLIES KINDLY REJECT THE RESERVATION ALSO ,BCZ IT IS CREATING A BIG DIFFERENCE B/W RESERVED AND NON RESERVED CATEGORIES AND AFFECTS OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM ALSO 
0 0 Sir, the technical education is so bad as many engineering colleges getting admitted so many students with out having basic amenities and staffs.The staffs are those getting finish their graduation in the same college. In south many colleges have schools as well due to which they directly take those student to their colleges with huge donations. we have to look on quality rather quantity. The students come out from these institutions don'have basics how they can contribute without foundation. 
0 0 I THINK AICTE HAVE TO IMPROVE THE ADMISION PROCEDURE IN PRIVATE COLLEGE BECAUSE CONSELTANCY HAS BECOMING THE HEAD OF INSTITUTION IN ADMISION AS CRISES FOR POOR PEPOLE 
0 0 All PSU (Public Sector Undertakings) like NTPC CIL BHEL ONGC etc should stop filling there vacancies through GATE exam. Vacancy through GATE exam is the main cause of unemployment of engineering students. Vacancy in PSU is started 2012. Prepration of GATE  exam requires coaching and poor students can not afford it. It is my request to our PM Modi Ji to please look at this matter and exclude PSUs from GATE exam 
0 0 Entrance to all engineering colleges should be based on an entrance test of stipulated standard set by central govt. Let the state govt frame questions and conduct the tests till a level is reached. Without entrance tests we found a steep decline in engineering students intake when state govt removed entrance exams and all admissions were purely on 12th std marks. When students do not open their mouth, why and how engg colleges are expected to make them industry ready??solve root cause problem. 
2 0 My comments about AICTE is uploaded as pdf. Kindly go through it. 
0 0 AICTE SHLD IMPART ADVANCEMENT IN THEIR WORK ,THE NEW ADVANCED CURRENT SCENARIO COURSES NEEDS TO BE DEVELOPED. EMPHASIS ON PHARMA AND ENGG SECTORS 
0 0 I request that every institute,schools and colleges should include sports as a subject and should train students in that particular sports. In india there are around 30 sports but we prefer only few. so every one should be physically fit then only our country will also be a physically fit.Also practical knowledge in the industrial standard should be given. there are many number of industries in india,each industry should tie up with college for providing industrial knowledge 
2 0 I am also a Engineering graduate and what I feel if i compare to the education abroad is the syllabus that our university preach is outdated and there is no new technology that we use with very little emphasis to research. Very little introduction of entrepreneurship and further grants and support by government and local institutions. Getting AICTE and UGC approval is easy and I don't see any faith and brand in it. 
0 0 Now a days engineering is the most preferred course for an educated person because the software industry in india made everyone to think like that. I am also an engineering graduate. Atleast 2 lakh engineering graduates are passing out in each state for a year then see the nations engineers. So i request to limit the engineering colleges in the nation. Education is a service but now a days it becomes business. Also standard of the college is very low such that only few graduates end up in a job 
0 0 AICTE affiliated colleges should be checked for the quality of education given by them.... The quality of education plays a major part in development of our country and  its innovation.....The Practical sessions should have to be made compulsory for all AICTE approved colleges as it plays a lead role in development of knowledge which is the main cause for innovation.....Government college facilities should be raised high...... #TechnicalEducation #AICTE 
0 0 Skill Development -Unemployed people Need to become skilled ,but due to procedure/formalities  of apprentice /trainees etc ,this man power end up with doing unskilled jobs which are insufficient for their livelihood. i want to propose as a professional ,that this man power should be inducted into factories /companies for task basis work with minimal formalities by this people will direct exposure of manufacturing,this is a win win situation. 
1 0 I had my graduation from a Government college that don't have proper facilities for living, just forget about technical education. In my 4 years of college, i had never seen any AICTE official checking the facilities and other things. I think the AICTE official should be strict in giving approval for any college and also it is there responsibility to visit every year at least 2 times and check the facilities. 
0 0 In my view AICTE should give affiliation only to those institutions who fulfill all the criteria. Today there are lots of institutions who provides degree instead of quality education and practical knowledge. These institutions only made students fool. 
0 0 The Report is excellent. I agree with AICTE should concentrate on Mentoring & Developing Institutes Independent & Well Designed Rating of Institutions No New Institute Only for profit and In specialization which is already more than the demand Emphasis on Startups, Patenting etc. I would like to add Rating should emphasize on research activities, Quality of training w.r.t employ ability Internship should be after every semester, Projects should be in line with industry requirement 
0 0 AICTE should follow the examination pattern of Symbiosis University open book system, which emphasizes on practical knowledge and it should not grant approval to colleges which belongs to politicians easily as is the case in Maharashtra where every MBA college or Pharmacy college has affiliation to AICTE without any expert teaching staff as this poses a question on the functioning of AICTE. I have cited MH colleges as I have studied in one of them with no availability of Professor for MBA studie 
0 0 Every college which comes under AICTE has reserve 40-50% seats for management quota which needs a check. These colleges out up a high merit list making it impossible for everyone to get admission and have to get admitted through management quota which is not affordable to all and sundry. This defeats the purpose of entrance exams as the admission process is already marred by reservations in every field and college and to top it with management seats. 
1 0 Education must be more practical oriented than theoretical only.Practical projects given to the students must be done under the supervision of experts of that particular field.Merit list of the students must be done on basis of the marks obtained and not depending on the reservation policy so that the actual intelligent students can get the chance to come ahead and serve the nation. 
0 0 practice makes man perfect......Practice should go in the colleges and by this they can learn more and some seats have to give for poor people who have a great talent....give them a opportunity.......all the best... 
1 0 Reduce the number of seats, in Punjab there are more number of seats than students. There must be strict criteria for admission to the AICTE approved colleges. 
0 0 There must be quality check on the institutes, every year audit must be conducted at the premises of the institute. Proper Salaries as per the norms of AICTE must be ensured. Trusts running institutes must be kept under watch as these trusts are used for money laundering. Trust keep on transferring money with the help of over invoicing and trustees are running their own homes through the earning of institutes. 
0 0 #AICTE all the recommendations are very good except minimum internship of 2 months. You can't learn a lot in 2 months it should be increased to 5 months at least. Rating th institutes is again a great idea but it should not be left for a third party to rate them. The rating should be easily accessible by students and their guardians who may not be tech savvy enough to look into the AICTE website. 
0 0 AICTE affiliated colleges producing unemployable youth, if they don't improve standards of eductaion in the institutes, then who else will do ? 
0 0 I fail to understand why AICTE is not conducting the audit of the educational institutes ? How it is keeping checks on the misddeds of the institutes ? Can anybody will ever clarify 
0 0 Colleges working under AICTE are making their own rules. AICTE has failed to make the colleges affiliated to it for welfare of their employees. Institutes are paying to the faculty and support staff according to their own will. Their is no standardization of the pay structure. Institutes are churning money under the guise of AICTE. If institutes start paying as per the scales mentioned by AICTE it will result into establishment of only good and quality institutes and will terminate the shop cul. 
0 0 भोपाल जो की मध्यप्रदेश की राजधानी है यहाँ पर ही ऐसे कई कालेज है जो एआईसीटीइ से मान्यताप्राप्त नही है और कई कालेज ऐसे है जो एआईसीटीइ से मान्यता प्राप्त तो है लेकिन उनमे मुलभुत सुविधाएँ भी नही है . जब एआईसीटीइ इस कोलेजो के प्रति कोई कड़ी कार्यवाही नही कर पाई तो वह अपना स्तर कैसे सुधारने की बात करती है अब अगर एआईसीटीइ यह कहती है की उसे जानकारी नही है कि ऐसे कितने कोलेज है तो उन्हें मै सिर्फ इतना ही कहना चाहूँगा अपने ऑफिस के एसी कमरे से बहार निकल कर फिल्ड में आये व् जाँच करे आपको सब मालूम चल जायेगा 
0 0 #AICTE: We can introduce a system of reward & punishment. Grading of so many colleges is very difficult, but can be tried every 2 years. The grade may be- Excellent. good, fair & poor. The colleges getting 2 consecutive excellent grade may be rewarded in term of more grant & colleges getting 2 poor grade may be asked to close down. This will motivate them to improve. There is also need for the industries to interact with colleges. Ultimately, it is the quality of students & the faculty matters. 
1 0 #AICTE: The report is by & large good. Since AICTE is overburdened, there is need for separate regulator for management institutions. There has been rapid proliferation of engineering colleges at the cost of quality. Learning is mostly by heart with little acquiring of skills. That only 15-20% of engineering graduates are employable among the lakhs that pass out every year speaks volume about the standard. High achievers opt for industries or go abroad & quality of faculty is a problem. Contd. 
3 0 Marks Marks Marks!!! Its all about marks nobody worries about new creations and innovation that a student can build all intitutions are just providing theoritical education .... no practiclas Students just carm everything and give exam and get better grades.... COMPETITION OVER!!! It is just Disgusting.. Thats Why Our Education is far lagging behind..... @@@@ 
1 0 According to me AICTE was not upto the mark. Because they are just approving new colleges simply but they forget to maintain college standards as there at the time of beginning. Government announces there is no need to pay money for institutions by students who had got seat under government quota but then college people collect more what government had collected for engineering and medical. 
1 0 AICTE and MCI are two worst organisation of our country, they can do any damn thing. people with vision and integrity should be inducted in these two most inefficient organisations, and result linked responsibility be fixed. 
0 0 please make the colleges ISO certified and conduct third party audits once in a year for all colleges(Private and Govt.).Otherwise snatch AICTE approval.Environment of college to study and also work becoming very unhealthy.Also different fraud colleges are established.Make a step to abolish them. 
0 0 Rather than learning and inventing anything new the students have got more involved in the rat race to top or to clear their backlogs. Basically the institutions need to  provide an environment were students are not afraid to put forth their ideas...and inventions and thus go for that r n d apart from the merit list...on which they r now focussed completely 
1 0 Today privat colleges are increased their seats for all branches every year especially engineering gov should approved their seats as pr demand of that branch and performance of college 
3 0 टेकनीकल एज्युकेशन में राज्यों की विविध आई.टी.आई और एन्जीनीयरींग कोलेजों में जो मशीनरी की खरीदे हो रही है उसमे जो मशीनरी देश की विविध इन्डस्ट्रीज में १५ सालो पहेले उपयोग में आती थी उसकी खरीद करा रहे है, उससे वहा से पढ़ाई पुरी करके जो छात्रो निकलते है और कही मशीनरी ओपरेटर के तौर पे नौकरी ढूंढने की कोशीश करते है तो असफल होते है. अगर सरकार प्राइवेट इन्डस्ट्रीज को अपने साथ रखकर उनकी जरुरीयात के हिसाब से खरीद करे तो छात्रो को फ़ायदा पहुच शकता है. 
0 1 Poonam Nager my thought is that when center ka law minister ki degree Fargo hoo  to dash ma education ka hona na hona koi mannya nahi raktha 
1 0 When I was pursuing my degree I always wanted to learn by doing but in most of cases it was not allowed by our administration as that was not mentioned in our syllabus. 1. Government should make it complsry for all engineering institutions should have maximum practical sessions in their syllabus for all courses. 2. Many students faces problem with the name of their course which they have studied therefore course name should be common through out all institutions and universities. 
1 0 Only i want to say is - It's very important to study theoretical but also needs to be practical enough because their are many students which led behind in their life due to lack of theoretical knowledge but they are really good in Practical, but according to our India Constitutions the Student Rise which is good in Theoretical, So only want to say this that keep Theoretical and Practical equal. **If I said something wrong which is not relevant, For that I'm Sorry!!! ** 
0 0 computer key word should be in Hindi not in English. 
0 0 Sanskrit should be added in our course because it is our  dharm language and everything in sanskrit . 
0 0 The credit system should be scrutinised under grading system. As per this, the candidates get frustrated whatever they have gained under personal session  but due to some management issues in college regarding new admission , They are underestimated.. 
3 0 Points to add: 1)The pattern of entrance exam should made more relevant to the respective course 2)Student who got higher marks in previous class should get priority in the ranking of entrance 3)The vacant seats of ST/SC should be converted to Open category and be filled by the students with higher ranks 4)Scholarship should be paid to the Toppers of every class 5)Provide training sessions to students to teach them practical work related to their course.This will train them for future jobs. 
2 0 भारत मे वायर लेस,विमान,चक्,प्लास्टिक सर्जरी,गुरूत्वाकर्षण,विविघ परमाणु जेसे संशोघन हमारे ग्रन्थो मे हे तो पहेले हमे संस्कृत सिखना चाहियेhttp://desilutyens.com/ancient-indian-science/ 
2 0 AICTE, India - For right Objective but is it fulfilled? 1. Learn & implement best practices from around the world. 2. Should limit, No. of colleges & improve the quality of colleges. 3. Corruption should be eliminated & should be automated 4. Teachers should get continuing education to cope up with current trends 5. Institutes at all level (Primary to Phd), should expose students in practical work by organizing events and tours in all types of companies & Industries (both Public & Private). 
1 0 does any1 frm sri siim cllg vasant kunj delhi..?? 
0 0 Education must be object its full fill local  society requirement and preserve their environment. 
1 0 सर्वप्रथम तो शिक्षा का स्तर सुधारना चाहिए .. शिक्षा का व्यवसायीकरण बंद होना चाहिए ! आजकल अन्धाधुन कालेज खुल रहे है वो भी एक निश्चित एरिये में .. जो की मेरा मानना है गलत है ! आज आवश्यक है कि कालेज गाँव में खुले जिससे गाँव जो मुलभुत सुविधाओं से वंचित है वह उन्नति करेगा व् उसे समस्त मूलभूत सुविधाएँ मिलेंगी !!! कालेजों की फ़ीस पर नियंत्रण होना चाहिए .. गैर मान्यताप्राप्त कालेजों को तत्काल प्रभाव से बंद कर व् छात्र छात्राओं के भविष्य के साथ खिलवाड़ करने के कारण उन पर केस दर्ज होना चाहिए ! 
1 0 Education - Secondary, Higher, technical & vocational all would lead to growth of human civilization. But all have unique specialty with interlink dependency. Tech-Edu has become the trend but needs much dedication and expertism. AICTE facilitate the sector but needs to change with friction from global demand and internal req. 
2 0 Another point, i want to discuss is that, today mostly all the institutes and organisations are recruiting the Engineering students, and Science degree (BSC AND MSC) are not in their eligibility rules. still this science courses are run by universities under UGC  Guidelines. this courses are mostly equivalent to engineering courses. why this partiality or discrimination is done  by institutes and organization. Due to this, real talent is wasted. 
3 0 Not oly in NITs but in Mostly regional. private and other engineering colleges. In the colleges  professor takes student to Lab and him/her self demonstrates practicals , student just observes it and then teacher itself gives a readymade copy to write in journal. While, today, in BSc and Msc students have to perform the practical successfully and they need to verify by teacher. also they have to appear for practical exams. 
4 0 Continuing..  #NIT #Hamirpur #AICTE My suggestion to our Great PM Modi is to connect the broken backbones of all these institutions by eliminating the autonomies and bringing all these instituions under one central power i.e. #MHRD. And there should also be a competitive exam ( objective based)  for selection of teachers as only inteliigent teachers are capable of garnering inteligent human resource and the level of intelligence in our NIT is very low. The teachers are selected using nepotism 
3 0 Continuing.. #NIT #Hamirpur#AICTE The autonomy of IITs, NITs, should be completely destroyed as the people in power only abuse it even incouding directors. Some of our directors are included in mishandling funds and disappearance of crores of rupees. The teachers make passing the exams so hard like a life and death like thing. Due to these exams only, many students do suicide. Instead of providing a better education to curious students, they kill their creativity and destroying future of India 
4 0 I am a student of Btech ECE in NIT Hamirpur. I am entering my final year and I have never felt like a real engineer through all these years. The level of education they give in NIT is only theoretical unlike the foreign institutions where emphasis is led on practical application of technology and science more. The level of education is very low here and when I entered this institute, I could do nothing, but I was trapped in this crAmming factory. Teachers abuse their power and fail the students. 
1 0 AICTE should identify how the respective state Intermediate boards are performing in terms of delivering quality education. Because the output of those intermediate students are input for technical institutes. 
0 0 #AICTE must learn to walk with the world. It has come a long way, but it has a longer way to tread yet! 
2 0 Mushrooming of technical institutes should be stopped. Quality education should be the focus of AICTE with honest observers for the colleges. Government should also provide funds, specially to institutes which are performing good in technical education. 
2 0 Career Advancement Scheme (CAS) for the faculty members need to be designed as per requirement of technical education. copying UGC pattern of CAS is not the good. In current CAS criteria, focus is more on personal growth of teacher rather than quality delivery of education. 
1 0 -Convert PGDM to MBA as it will enable the students to pursue higher academic pursuits globally -India is giving PGDM diploma after 2 years whereas US and UK are giving MBA in one year -Bringing special Act for IIMs and leaving behind PGDM Institutions will violate the constitutional spirit of Right to Equality -Work on creating technology enabled platform to link the top notch institutions like IIMs with rest of the business schools so that the students from other B Schools can leverage. 
1 0 -Providing students with subject & stream wise FREE RESOURCES for students available throughout the world online. -Increase vocational courses. -Increase certificate based short term courses which give students edge & a better resume. -Increase Job-Based skill certifications. -Use Community Centers pan India to Provide SKILL EDUCATION. 
0 0 -AICTE should become stricter in terms of providing affiliation. -It should set much better & higher set of norms to comply with inline with international accreditions & standards. -It should bring out much better Grading system for institutes & a REPORT of each institute like that of CRISIL. -AICTE should begin MOOCs as soons as possible. -Make a better website. -Make efficient helplines. No one picks the phones listed. -Ticket based grievance & redressal system. 
0 0 1) Best practice from around the world should be adopted like Japan and other developed countries. 2) Industries / company representative should be invited as guest faculty from India and around the world. 3) Govt. should arrange for campus interview for all such students and try to absorb the top cream in govt. post. 4) Govt. should create funds for pass-out students for further studies, innovations and R&d 5) Innovators should be awarded and rewarded. 
2 0 1. Highly regulated norms for establishing new institutions for infrastructure, educational qualification of professors, intake capacity, etc. 2. Strict compliance for existing institutions like evaluation methods for students as well as professors on regular basis 3. Establishment of autonomous audit team for regular evaluation of institutions 4. Connect all institutes via some portal and need to share data on regular basis, further data analysis can be done to figure out problems 
4 0 #AICTE, #MHRD, #HigherEducation, #TechnicalEducation, #MyGov: Today AICTE is one the most corrupt and worst organized institutions in India. Because of their meritorious effort since 2000 literally killed the value of engineering education. Today anybody can buy a B-Tech or M-Tech if you have money! The present situation is this. And if the same prevails Modi ji will have to sweat a lot to realize his digital india and make in india dreams. 
1 0 AICTE review is necessary according to the modern digital period. There are so many self finance institute started and encouraged by govt.,it is very good efforts, but, some of the institute is only money oriented, they do not have any facilities,education, training,modern updation of students, but, their intention is to money and profit oriented only, there should be strict control and supervision on such malpractices by institute owner / trustee etc., or cancel the approval of institute. 
0 0 Sir me shivam saxena mp k bhind ka rehna wala hun sir plz hmari help kijiye plz sir mene b.sc nursing kiya hua hai or sir me general m aata hun sir mp govt. Staff nurse ki vacancy m mala ki vacancy nhi nikalti hai plzzz sir hm logo ne ye course 3 lakh rs m kiya hai or sir sbhi jagah pr female ki vacancy  hoti h sir agr ye hi krna tha to phle hi bta dete to hm log ye course nhi krte sir plz me bhut poor family se hun muje govt.job ki bhut jrurt h sir plz hmari help kijiye plz sir 
1 0 Dear Sir why I am not getting response from 18001026000? I am giving miss call from my authorise mobile no.7781948111 but I am not getting response from AICTE. 
0 0 sir govt .teacher  apne subject ki knowledge m hrr private teacher se bhtrrr h...bss  accountability or proper pay off system nhi h ki they  get excited to do better  nd mke student  to do better .... or yhi private teacher ageee nikal jatee h ....think abt it... 
0 0 “The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.” so,don't think about others,atleast start try to think about yourself. 
0 0 “The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.” so,don't think about others,atleast start try to think about yourself 
0 1 My suggestion 
1 0 modi gi please change these education system. colleges are the factory of making un-employment student. these education & actual working in life is too different thing. todays education is only use in life up to 30-40%. after student take a degree from college they give a single paper, we say 'Degree' these are not so useful in life. only few student make life! we think about those un employment student/ people that they search the job at door to door. 
0 0 On one hand the seats are not getting filled in engineering colleges and on the other hand the AICTE is giving approval to new engineering colleges which are sub-standard. More emphasis needs to be given to practical aspects of subjects with a focus on skill development so that engineers become employable in their particular branch and not just in IT sector. Internship and industrial training needs to be made part of the curriculum to encourage skill development. 
0 0 we want change education system, every year we paid heavy school fees,as well as private tuition fees.if we paid school fees? why we req. private tuition. i.e. school teacher are not liable to teaching in the school. why we are not provide quality education in school / college? one thing is school / college teacher/ professor take heavy payment so why they are not proper guide to student. these teacher take private coaching class when they free from school / college. 
1 0 respected sir, especially andhra pradesh engineering colleges are worst conditions..no faculty and no labs and mno classes....they will provide only degree 
0 0 Thus Colleges will not charge students hefty fees in lieu of placement abd fraud companies placements will also vanish.When Companies will not visit Colleges, all the students irrespective of any College they went to, will get chance to appear for those companies and parents will not go by placement record but by education record while admitting their ward. Pls, look into this and ask CII and AICTE to ban placements. 
0 0 hi privet polytechnic or b.tech teacher ki kya halt hai  khabhi kisi ne  socha 8000 per month milte hai  b.tech karne  ke  bad . kya halt hoti  hai  teacher ki aap log socho. 
0 0 Important Notice: It is for information to all the concerned that Recruitment of Security Personnel (Assistant Security Sub Inspector T&S Gr. D and Security Guard T&S Gr. G) with respect to Notification number NCL/SGR/PD/Rectt./NRD/14/124 dated 20/2/2014 and Notification number NCL/SGR/PD/Rectt./SRD/14/123 dated 20/2/2014 is cancelled due to administrative reasons. 
2 0 Golden Words of Buddha for youth and householders. Read fully. Education gets reformed by itself if people are set right. https://suttacentral.net/en/mn54 
0 0 As you sow, so shall you reep! we need to think !﻿ 
0 0 Namaste sir, how about teaching AKHAND BHARAT instead of INDIA. both are different. also during INDEPENDENCE day/Republic day AKHAND BHARATMATA to be shown. from childhood the students to be taught of AKHAND BHARAT and show how the country was divide by selfish people. so stay united should be moto and get back the AKHAND BHARAT status should be our aim. no more lord or sir in history book but raja,maharaja,freedom fighter should be highlighted. how temples were looted and convert to be shown 
0 0 gsss doomroli 
2 0 Engineering syllabus needs to be revamped by removing unrelated subjects especially in first year of engineering and making the education more practical oriented like assigning mini projects associated with every important engineering subject. reduce number of engineering colleges. Ranking of colleges based on quality of education and quality of faculty instead of placement records promotion of start up culture in every engineering college. 
0 0 ....Thus Colleges will not charge students hefty fees in lieu of placement abd fraud companies placements will also vanish.When Companies will not visit Colleges, all the students irrespective of any College  they went to, will get chance to appear for those companies and parents will not go by placement record but by education record while admitting their ward. Pls, look into this and ask CII and AICTE to ban placements. 
0 0 This advertising of placement statics by universities and Colleges has let to them diverting funds to Placement instead to improving teaching and research. Earlier it was till MBA, then it spread to B.tech & BE and now it is slowing spreading to BSc colleges, thereby spoiling the ecosystem of education. Now students study to get jobs not get knowledge.Infact, Companies should be asked to not to go to campuses instead do hiring through walk-ins and pooled drives after the student pass-out.... 
1 0 This discussion is directed to AICTE and MHRD,I have been working in a technical College since last 14 yrs and have seen ups and downs in this sector. I would like to ask, do any university or technical college in the world be it USA or Europe etc; whether top notch or low grade, advertise come join us we have 60% or 100% placement record and this and that company visit us?, then why do our technical universities or Colleges are allowed to advertise their placement record............. 
0 0 ENFORCE ONE WORK ONE AGENCY-why there are multiple agencies working in silos, in the area of education, skill development and entrepreneurship. is it because ministers and babus want their own personal kingdoms. what happened to Modiji slogan of MINIMUM GOVERNMENT MAXIMUM GOVERNANCE. Merge all such bodies under MHRD, Health, Labour&Employment like AICTE, UGC, CBSE, NCERT, NCMEI,MCI, NSDC, etc into a multi ministry regulator/facilitator NATIONAL EDUCATION AND SKILL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (NESDA) 
1 0 Every college should provide the campus interview for every student. It's means to say that there are different criteria for different level student.After completed his or her education they can easily get the job. 
2 1 First of all, thanks to take opinion of all people gathering in one place..... Education is important role in our life for job, good people making, our culture etc. #EducationPolicy should be job oriented i.e. more practical based instead of theory. Knowledge of computer in practical is important than theoretical basis.One class One Syllabus one Country mechanism should be implemented.G.k.,Music,Dance,Yoga,language (Hindi,Sanskrit) etc. are main subject than English,S.S.,Science 
0 0 Our PM has stressed about skilled manforce at many stages.A engineer is there to supervise, but as working force DIPLOMA ITI POLYTECHNIC qualified manpower is even more im[portant. It was a remarkable step to adopt a system of JEEMAIN and JEEADV pattern for centrally admission to various engineering colleges.On the same pattern if diploma,polytechnic admission can be done ,it will bring a convenience for applicants.Also it will be a smooth process for colleges and our government. 
2 0 1.Engineering syllabus need to be revised and should be made more practical oriented. 2.Most engineering seats are going vacant. Reduce number of colleges. 3.fee of private colleges should be reduced. Its almost 1lakh per annum and difficult for poor and rural household to teach child with higher education. 4.Aicte openly declare fake colleges and make awareness while selecting colleges 
0 0 it also run like school education. means cbse school all over india had a same syllabus same rule than the college who approved by aicte run like the school all have same syllabus same rule...than india goes forward 
2 0 Syllabus Need to be Improved/updated at all Level (School/Colleges) Computer Is to be introduced Middle level of Schools from class 4th,with innovative Syllabus contents. 
0 0 Engineering syllabus needs to be based on practical applications used in various working fields(of all aspects)rather than theories of old ideas. 
0 0 HELP FOR DISABLE PERSON 
1 0 Engineering syllabus needs to be industry oriented with training in industries during the course for better employment prospects 
1 0 AICTE must rank the institutions according to various parameters so that students can decide easily where to have their respective admission 
2 0 What steps is government taking for employing highly skilled individual? On one hand government ask for more R&D to happen in India but it doesn't offer a proper employment to even PhD holders. Many individuals holding PhD feel hopeless while teaching in private colleges and earning less than even a peon in government job. 
0 0 hum kahte hai ki hamare pass right to equality hai but dikhta kaha hai.....sc,st and obc ko reservation diya jata hai aur wahi general ko kuchh bhi nhi kya general insaan nhi hote hai ?......kya wo economically weak nhi hote ?thakur bolne pe koi act nhi lagta par chamar kahne me hum log lock up me milte hai .........i just want to say chamar kisi ko kahna to ye reservation ne hi to sikhaya hai.are sc hai uska 200 mw se 45 bhi hoga to koi bhi exam beat kar lega but not for general please do right 
0 0 With advancement in technology, we should reduce the cases of fake certificates and degrees. Using #blockchain technology, this can be achieved. #blockchain technology is irrevocable for added transactions. Let's have all universities to form a private network and publish degrees awarded to this network. Govt and companies can also join the network. Once Univ publishes degrees, onus of authenticity remains with them. Lot of resources can be saved like time, fuel, legals etc 
1 0 I did my MBA from a University, approved by AICTE. What I have Experienced is lack of practical education system. Why we want to mug a definition given by xyz before 400 years back? don't you think within a time of these many years the scenario might have got changed? Why we recruit faculty based on their marks and not on their practical capabilities? I know few of the well educated too behaving like uneducated. This is what practicability is? we need to make education system practical 
0 0 One paramilitary constsble promotion keliye 22 servicr chagiye .this time constble ka payment ASI ka payment this systam stop karke ASI ka promotion theke ASI ka kam thena chagiye 
3 0 Colleges with no qualified staff and no infrastructure are all given permission and allowed to continue by taking bribes. External audit possible from CAG office etc may be needed to oversee and take serious punishing actions. No review and upgrading subjects and syllabus on regular basis. No involvement of industry in finalizing syllabus etc. No inputs from major institutes like DRDO, ISRO taken. No Identification of skills required for the nation and development of syllabus etc. 
1 0 Review of AICTE is very necessary,they should see the education system of every college.As college takes high amount of fees but doesn't give required facilities to the students,they appoint unskilled person as a teacher which bother very much to students 
1 0 Involvement of Students from every discipline must be in expert committee because they only highlight the major and minor issue what they face. And goal of whole education system should be job, placement and entrepreneurial skill development oriented. 
0 0 Students should know about the future of the course that they are Pursuing.private colleges only make fake promises at the time of admission and when the time arise they would not be able to fulfill it and students get to suffer because of that,there should be a yearly check by aicte regarding percentage placement of students ,their should be some guidelines for that.it will solve unemployment problem for the coming generations or a much extent. Students take education assistance from banks stil 
0 0 Aicte should impart the opportunity for the youths to persue their career ahead. There should be strict rules about the colleges that every college admitting students should provide learning as well as placement opportunities also for their students. If aicte can decide the eligibility, tuition fees,course curriculum then why they can't provide this platform for the unemployed youths. There should be industry exposure for the students in the curriculum, they should be aware of the workingconditi 
1 0 AICTE review is necessary as per the modern period.The development and skill oriented courses and degrees should be introduced which can be useful for students to get the job or self employed. Practicle work is very important, hence,before,giving the degree, compusory training in any factory or institute should be done for atleast 6 months to 1 year, this practicle work should be actual and not only for getting degree purpose, so, it should be properly controlled.there are so many scope of edu. 
2 0 MOOC, like NPTEL is one of the best things available in the internet. Older videos must be updated. Also web contents must be increased because many don't have access to fast internet. Online certification course's fee should be decreased. But anyway NPTEL is one of the best things done by gov of India. Also there should be increased competition among colleges to improve there quality. 
1 0 When rule makers fail to consider the prevailing conditions and the welfare of the existing members. And new rules are in-affect for education system. 
1 0 Mainly education is based on Professor in collages.1)minimum 2 or 3 year experience professor selected in colleges.2)In every 6 month arrange seminar for professor and give training how teach student.3)AICTE more focus on Practical knowledge because if student has not practical knowledge than how work in company.4)AICTE check all colleges have practical lab is available or not.5)Arrange expert faculty lecture into other colleges via video conference on internet.6)WiFi provided in all colleges. 