5 3 In respect to new construction of parliament building, I want to suggest that, the place of capital should be changed from New Delhi to either, JAMMU & KASHMIR,GUJARAT,MAHARASHTRA OR MP OR UP.The place should be at undeveloped area, where population and industries are less.Such area notified as centrally rule state. The great infra,road,digital and paperless governance etc. by which the pollution level at Delhi will decrease and new place will be pollution free in all aspects.
1 0 I came to know about mygov site today and registered as well. Source is a Facebook page shared a video today of tikri village getting electricity. My question is if this site was in existence  since 2014 how i never heard about it. Or may be i did but its not promoted as it should be. Anyway I'll try my best to contribute to mission of this movement.
6 0 Presently physically disabled people booking tickets are not getting lower berths sometimes.Co passengers doesn't co operate or come forward to swap their seats to help a physically disabled passenger.While booking train tickets there should be an option to allot lower berth automatically by the computer.Even in AC Chair Car those who cannot travel without an escort must be given the next seat.I had bitter experience in this regard.Hope Railway Ministry will consider this suggestion.Thanks.
3 0 Entrepreneurship courses must be taught in summer holidays in schools and colleges over 3 years--so progress can be monitored.This is critical so students expect to become entrepreneurs rather than look for employment as the first option
0 0 PRAKASH(17.7.1970-29.12.2015)Heavenly Journey of a Great Soul
Our Dear & Great Brother A. Prakash Iyer, Executive Publisher & Editor, ENERTIA & MARKENOMY; Trustee & Secretary, ENERTIA Foundation; Jury Convenor and Eminent Member, ENERTIA Awards, REPA State Awards, IPSE Awards etc. and Co-Author of INDIA BRANDished, POWERING-in-CRISIS & ATAL-SHASTRA and REPA's - SEFI Solar White Paper - INDIA A SOLAR SuperPower made his Last and Heavenly Journey on Tuesday, 29th December 2015 at around 6:00 am.
5 0 Dear Sri Modi Ji,
Many talented youngsters across various fields are not able to find a right platform to show their skills.Government must encourage them by giving needed support.
For this I have a suggestion.All MPs & MLAs must come forward to sponsor education expenses of 5 school girl students, 5 college students (scoring good marks) & help 5 unemployed youths to find job as per their talent.They must take oath that they will help personally 15 people during their tenure.
2 0 Dear PM, My suggestions for income tax in the next budget:
1) Smart cities -  all transactions to be executed through plastic money
2) Need to enable a system where plastic money promoted - will support indirectly to (Jan dhan yojna, decrease in black money, decrease in tax burden to people)
3) Tax must be on income not expenses
4) When oil is linked with market rates , indirect taxes need to reduce
5) Medical collages need to develop to ensure medical facilities reach to last mile
0 0 Prime Minister, is this a form of systematic slow murder of lawabiding learned citizen by PM & Govt.? https://goo.gl/bZVCFq
https://twitter.com/PrabhuBritto/status/682090263293001728
1 1 A SUGGESTION ON LPG SUBSIDY
Sir,the recent step of cancelling the LPG subsidy of people earning above 10 lakh is welcome.
But acc to me,people earning above 6 lakh should be completey barred from subsidy.What's the point in giving Rs 200 a month for LPG as subsidy (for 1 cylinder a month) to people already earning Rs 50,000 a month.
THUS THE GOVT. WILL SAVE MORE THAN 200 CRORE.
1 0 Dear PM, My suggestions for income tax in the next budget:-
01. Reduce the age limit to 75 years to be qualified as super senior citizen and increase the exemption to Rs.7.5 lacs from 6 lakhs.
02. Increase senior citizen (60 to 75 years) limit to Rs.500,000
03. Increase general category limit to Rs.350,000
04. Revise slabs as (1)Rs. 3.5 to 7 lakhs 10%, 7 to 15 lacs 20%, above 15 lakhs 30%.
1 0 Noise pollution is a big menace in Kolkata. Every commercial or religious campaign carries loudspeakers which is very injurious to citizens' health.  High decibel sound is very harmful to sick and elderly people. Yet Pollution Control Board takes no action to prevent it.
2 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी मेरे कुछ सवाल है जो केवल मेरे नहीं बल्की उन गरीब मजदूरों के है जिनके पास लम्बी दूरी के लिए रेल ही एक मात्र यातायात का साधन है|
क्या किसी गरीब को पता होता है चार माह बाद उसके माँ पिता या घर का कोई भी दोसरा सदस्य बीमार होगा ?
जो गरीब महीने के 2000 से 4000 महिना बचाके चार महिना पहले टिकट निकाले दो महीने बाद किसी कारण बस टिकट वापस करे और 1000 के टिकट का मात्र 500 वापस मिले कैसा लगेगा ?
सफाई सुरक्षा के विषय में आये दिन सुधार की खबरे सुन कर अच्छा लगता है उसके लिए आपको बधाई |
4 0 Respected Mr PM, I agree to your policy of no subsidy for people having annual income of arms 10 lakh or above. Why can't we make same policy for reservation too. Why reservation on the basis of caste or religion ?
0 0 Respected PM Sir, please ask big entrepreneurs/ big business men to develop 50 villages by each one. India will grow only when villages will develop.
2 0 I am civil engineeer ,if i buy a piece of land for any commercial or residential peoject...and when i place the file in nagarpalika for NA(non-agriculture land) i find very difficult to pass the file...they demand for money under table ....this is just small example of corruption ..not only for NA ....In Road and building departmnt officers demand money
1 0 I AM A DUST ELLERGY PATENTE .ISS LIYE MAIN APNE AAS PASS KE AREA KO DUST FREE , CLEAN RAKHTA HU NA SIRF GHAR BALKI COLLGE ME BHI KOSSIS KARTA HU
0 0 #cleanindia I think one of the best idea for clean India is to involve police and security personal in this section my plan is as follows
1. we all know one/group police man/men allotted an area for patrolling, govt swachh abhiyan k lia paise kharch karti h besumar, Agar wohi police man ko bolajaye k apne apne area clean rakhne k jeema unke h and ek competition arrange kara jaye k jiske area jyada clean hoga wo police bala ko prize k sath milega and salary increase hoga
0 0 We often travel from Mumbai to Umbergaon and sometimes to Ahmedabad maximum time by car we pay toll at 7 Places can we have a system for online payment for all the toll at http://www.nhtis.org/map.htm# or can we have a system to get single slip for mumbai to ahmedabad for all the tolls coming in between irrespective of collection companies I think we save paper, ink, Fuel, & Time.
0 0 as modiji declared that every school should have proper Toilets where i didnt seen any changes on it. i know we are very grateful that we are having such a brilliant Prime minister and he is having a good approaches but can we make all them succeeded?
i request modiji please take a look on all these issues again and we can make a great country.
Thank you very much :)
0 0 We often travel from Mumbai to Umbergaon and sometimes to Ahmedabad maximum time by car we pay toll at 7 Places can we have a system for online payment for all the toll at http://www.nhtis.org/map.htm# or can we have a system to get single slip for mumbai to ahmedabad for all the tolls coming in between irrespective of collection companies
I think we save paper, ink, Fuel, & Time.
0 0 i just heard about subsidy for LPG and i am also agree for that. but as i see lot of good efforts taken by our PM modiji. but some of them only get implimented. as one of good effort is every MLA can take one village and with in 1 year they can make all those necessary action in that. but i couldnt heard anything for that. as also corruption level will decrease for some of percentage but still sarkari Babu not helping our poor people without interest. contd ---
1 0 Contd..
Electricity – Public need to be made partner in producing the Electricity. Make use of roofs of all building to generate solar power. Local electricity board to buy this electricity and offset it with the bill. We have huge potential here. Buildings will also benefit as most of the leakage issues will also be addressed.
1 0 Contd..
Milk–Need one more White Revolution across country. Encourage farmers and underprivileged households to have cows/buffaloes. Pay them for milk and the cow dung.
Cow dung can be used to manufacture fertilizers. This way we can make these live stocks useful for people even after their milk producing period, and get constant supply of fertilizers. Will also lead to manufacturing of milk products at local level leading to employment opportunities.
These schemes can be linked to MNREGA
0 0 Surajya and Achhe din for aam admi means affordable vegetables, fruits, Food Grains, Milk and Eletricity
Fruit and Veg Prices.
Ample of unused lands around us in housing societies, Raw houses, Factories, Commercial premises, along highways / railway tracks.
Use these lands for cultivate vegetables and fruits. Even if we are able to grow a small percentage of these lands, we will be able to reduce the vegetable cost by increasing local supply. Will also reduce transportation cost. Contd..
1 0 One suggestion for railways:
For every fast or super fast train there should be a chair car bogie for short distance(time- 5-6hrs) traveler. So that they should not occupy sleeper class. In this way we can increase the seats of train as well as comfortable for long distance traveler. 
Thanks
Deepan
0 0 Government can utilise the service of unemployed youths with no qualification. They can be given formal training.They can be given tasks to clean water bodies like lakes, ponds,temple tanks and wells where unwanted plants and creepers are grown.By doing this they can earn some amount and also will not remain idle.They must be given with an identity card.With that they do any work as per their talent.
2 0 यह एक सुझाव है:
खबर आई है कि सरकार ऐसे लोगो को LPG गैस सब्सिडी नही देगी जिनके परिवार की आय 10 लाख से अधिक है ।
देश में करोडो एसे लोग हैं जिन्हे आरक्षण का लाभ पात्रता रखने के बावजूद नहीं मिल रहा .. कारण यह कि शायद सरकार उन तक नहीं पहुँच रही। इन सुपात्र लोगों को लाभ पहुंचाने के लिए यह जरूरी है कि जिन लोगो ने अरक्षण का लाभ ले लिया है  उन्हे आरक्षण पात्रता की सूची से हटाया जाए।
क्या गैस  सब्सिडी जैसा  कुछ नियम आरक्षण के लिए भी बनाया जा सकता है? मसलन जिस परिवार की आय 10 लाख से अ
1 0 MP Salary Bill is in discussion.
This is the time we make the salary of MPs performance based. The criteria could be the percentage of MPLAD funds used, or the money saved while using allowances, etc.
Seventh pay commission also Recommended Performance-Based Increment for Government employees.
This way Parliament can lead by example.
0 0 I am attaching a complaint against certain Public Servants posted in O/o The Controller of Communication Accounts, Uttar Pradesh (West) Circle, Brahampuri Telecom Building, Delhi Road, Meerut - 250002, Uttar Pradesh.
It is requested that an FIR may be lodged against all these public servants under the sections mentioned in the subject as contained in the Indian Penal Code 1860 and a copy given to me please.
Yours faithfully,
Abhishek Garg
L - 465, Shastri Nagar
Meerut - 250004
1 0 R/SIR
MY REQUEST IS TO START THE NATIONAL TV CHANNEL ON JUDICIARY SYSTEM LIKE THE AGRICULTURE CHANNEL. IT WILL BE HUGE BENEFIT IN NATION INTEREST. ANY ONE CAN TAKE SUGGESTION FROM CHANNELS.
0 0 While I was schooling my parents used to get my text books for the next academic year from the pupils passed to their next class, either for free from known people or at half the original price at second hand bookstalls. Such was the disposal of the text books. 
Rest, the picture says all that I wanted to express.
0 0 Every year on TV we see those New Year eve celebration at various Iconic landmarks of the world. Each major city of the world have fireworks at midnight and is a major event on tourism calendar. India gate in Delhi has all the right ingredients for a place where we have capacity and the right environment for a new years even spectacle including grand fireworks. I think it is an easy win and will be good push for Incredible India initiative. Corporate world will happily sponsor this initiative
0 0 Honourable PM NARENDRA MODIJI
          JAI HIND SIR first focus is secure investment and save money for future a very planned his or her income and get sure return of money many people is not understanding invest money and block his money for some time and not achieve actually return his investment I have a idea sir for secure investment government make more income then more investment we are creating to chains investment and compulsory some income to transfer to investment gov scheme
1 0 This my first experiance with mygov  this is very good platform for joining himself with gov for building of nation
1 0 Through experience of mygov.in first time I am feeling that m walking with the govt. And my participation matters.
0 0 #FoodSecurity,#SelfHelpForum, #MyGov, #Help,#MannKiBaat
A 'roti bank' comes up in Aurangabad for the poor. This is a very good initiative, need to be shared with all the citizen.
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/aurangabad/A-roti-bank-comes-up-...
0 0 As part of development of Andhra pradesh,I would request Government to not to place IT sector at near to forest and temples.There are more chances for illegal things if IT sector at near forest like vishakapattanam.There are more chances to lost Sanctity and holy of the temple places and it would be costly for piligrims to go to temples like tirupati if IT sector places at near temple place.
0 0 We Indians with low income find hard to live.To keep us living govt hospitals,govt PDS,govt bus,trains,schools is vital.But due to poor mgmt people does not getting from govt benefits.Instead of govt operating them allow private to undertake,run them,all staffs are private persons,They work hard to give good standards.Govt should form set of rules & procedure & use Think tank to evolve this process for success.Private can easily questioned,on going away from standards they can be fined easily
0 0 When buying soap,oils,medicines,groceries,soft drinks is a big headache.People need to search for price,expiry date,manufacture date by keep on rotating the product. Some are in little fonts unable to read properly,some times price will be in one place,manufacturing date will be in one place,expiry date will be in another place. Bring standards,all details in bold & printed next to the name of the products with white background. On Failure bring LAW for customer to reach consumer court for fine.
0 0 I would request Government to increase school and hospitals by getting donations from people and put their names on the name-plates of the building.
0 0 Set up anticipation teams to review all possible natural & man made disasters in each states,then clearly form road maps to take preventive steps in all occasions. Provide full rights to this team to  review all Events causing large level causalities & property damages in all states & publish their review publicly. So the national team can soon get expertise  & can act before too late.
0 0 As part of swach Bharat,i would request Government to mandate toilets in hotels which have seating capacity more than 30.I have seen many hotels with 50 seating capacity and without toilet both in town and city.
0 0 During disaster,to keep supplies reaching public all the times,govt should setup facility along with private production companies all over India.Since food industry & water bottle manufacturing facility around India running by private companies,govt should have tie up to purchase from them & supply where it needed. Also allow to build helipads in company per-misses to transmit during calamities by govt funding.Provide incentives to join in natural relief measures, & rescue,supply missions.
0 0 Many people have been moving to abroad because quality education is free, pension and others. I would request Government to increase CBSE schools in our country.
0 0 Govt should bring law to convert all mobile towers to work with VIA SATELLITE facility 24/7. With solar panels around tower,fuel back up,small wind turbine to power them.Mobile communication should be automated, without human interference able to work even in disasters.Battery provide power for 3 days & recharged using solar & wind.Company should  do trail run every month  to test to work 24/7 without human help.Unless towers are physically destroyed they should  work continuously in disasters.
0 0 Helicopters dropping food in flood affected area find difficult to drop exactly to person hand in rescue operations,often they need to fly lower & risk themselves.Tall buildup area is difficult.They can use on board drones to drop supplies & rescue. DRDO should develop plastic pipes which bend freely & work as lizard tails,which cut of when too much strain on them. So helicopters can use these types of low cost pipes to drop supplies precisely to human hand from higher distance without risk
0 0 We have 200 to 300 MLAs for each state to rule people belongs to certain area.Would not we require CBSC school and hospitals for the same amount of population.I would request Government to increase CBSC schools and Government hospitals.
0 0 DRDO should produce battery with capacity up to 5 days, low cost inflatable plastic boat with small hand pump to inflate boat, produce floating jackets & life saving balloons with hand pumps.Develop small kit to produce pure water using both batteries & natural sun,by converting rain water or salt water into drinkable pure water. These type of kits available in abroad,but at very expensive prices for us,but cheap for them,DRDO should take steps to produce at rs 100 & set up production facility.
0 0 We need rescue teams in all districts.Each with storage & production facility to produce 3 lac foods 3 times a day for up to 10 days.Each should have helipads also.All should be automated so less than 4 members can produce food.Local people must also trained to  use the facility.Produce meal maker based vegetable biriyani &water pocket,biscuit & milk. Keep storage of dried vegetables,milk powder,rice,produce water using solar powered pumps. Keep fuel for both helicopter and other as backup.
0 0 I would request Government to encourage cinema actors and fans group to encourage their fans to construct toilets at crowded areas like markets, hospitals and small heavy crowded railway stations.I would request Government to mandate toilets at shopping areas.
0 0 Many Government officers and politicians have been giving money for interest at 5 to 20 rupees interest per 100 rupees.I would request Government to take necessary actions on this.
0 0 I would request Government to have an audit on natural resources in our country.
0 0 There are many colleges have been constructed at lower ground level or in ponds and those are getting merged one or two floors during rainy season.Those colleges applied for University and deemed university so that those get benefits from Government.I would request Government to not to provide permission for such institutes and industries.
0 0 There is lot of black money transaction have been happening.Government spend lot of money to print currency.I would request Government or RBI or court to reduce expenses on printing and black money transaction by ensuring the bank transactions id in each illegal or legal documents for each money transaction which exceeds 5 or 10 LAKHS.
0 0 Farmers have been getting suicide because lack of water and power.There would be lot of resources and money wastage while transmitting from generation point to towns and cities.Buildings like apartment,hospital,college,hotel,IT parks and etc have empty terrace,it would be very useful to have solar power and rain water harvesting.I would request Government ensure solar power,rain water harvesting and recycling other resources in town and cities to have resources to our next generations.
0 0 Sir,
Kindly see the attached file.
Jyoti Ranjan
0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, हम सब आपके साथ हैं, चाहे कोई भी कार्य हो. आप बस लीडर की तरह हमें दिशा बताते रहिये. देश को विकसित होने से कोई ताक़त नहीं रोक सकती. पर आप एक टीम अवश्य बनाइये जो अपना अपना कार्य पूरी निष्ठां से करती रहे. अगर मुझे उस टीम में सम्मिलित होने का मौका मिला तो मैं इसे अपना सौभाग्य समझूँगी.  धन्यवाद.
0 0 manniya pradhan mantri ji swachh bharat abhiyaan ab sirf bade logo ki selfee tak hi simit reh gai hai jamini hakikat kuchh or hi hai sir.....!!
0 0 Respected Sir,
At the outset, I would like to congratulate you for the success of various schemes initiated by you. 
I would like to request you, as you have initiated schemes like Make in India, Startup India, stand up India, I request you to kindly also initiate scheme or steps towards agriculture, like say another green revolution. This shall not only be able to connect to rural India, but also help our country to keep prices under check and have long term benefit. Pls look into this.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, please ask big entrepreneurs/ big business men to develop 50 villages by each. India will only grow when villages will develop.
0 0 Modiji's Pak surprise visit was a super success..vision for the country is something that can lead us to a generation jump. I feel to keep the morale of the cadre high, BJP needs to win elections as well..in Assam, I would hv thought that a tie up with AGP would be very beneficial as also using services of some locals with political science education from abroad like Oxford etc.
1 0 Sir
Jis tarah kisi bhi job me educational qualification compulsory hota hai
Usi tara politics me bhi educational qualification hona chahiye .
For example:
Bank po post ke liye apply karne ke liye graduation compulsory hai.
Thik usi tarah political career join karne ke liye candidate ke paas ek educational qualification honi chahiye like kam se kam graduation to hona chahiye candidate k paas.
0 0 Skill Development for particular jobs - I would like to suggest that there should be government agencies everywhere where there should be one on one help towards seeking job opportunity or Skill development.  Once the individual gets a job which he is interested in, the agency duty is over.  Every individual should be given opportunity to prove their talent and skill.  This way everybody will be happy and crimes can be reduced too.
0 0 we clean Kashi station and near areas from last two week. at kashi railway station we did not find a single tap for wather and no sentry facility for passenger. do the needful for all.
contact Divya Shukla 9721172582
0 0 Incredible Kashi Team start cleaning railway station and near by area we found serious Issue regarding cleaning, drinking water and sentry facility which are basic need for all.
please support us.
0 0 इस समय देश का किसान महँगाई, चाहे वो खाद्य सामग्री की हो जैसे कि दाल या खेती सम्बंधित जरूरतों की जैसे कि खाद, से परेशान है। ग्रामीण अंचल में रहने वाले लोगों का केंद्र सरकार से अभूतपूर्व रूप से विस्वास हट रहा है। किसानों के साथ विधिवत संवाद स्थापित करना होगा अगर उनका दिल जीतना है तो। अन्यथा लोग ये कहने पर मजबूर हो रहे हैं कि इससे अच्छी कांग्रेस की सरकार थी। अनुरोध है की कुछ करें उसी तरह से जैसे विदेश, रेल और रक्षा क्षेत्र में लोगों को परिवर्तन दिखा रहा है और तारीफ हो रही है।
0 0 Namaste Pradhanmantriji,
I have below suggestions,
1. I would like to appreciate your hard work.
2.Could you please ask everyone in BJP(such as MLA's, MP's etc) not to give any comments about A particular community(such as against shah rukh khan etc). This will create bad image about BJP or your govt. I mean to say all BJP party men should resist from giving any hate speech/comments about a particular community.
1 0 Sir,
Appreciate to initiate discussion on 'Duty'. since leaders avoid this.
Sir, I have suggestion on budget as new practice -
Please start visiting cities , villages before Annual & railway Budget so this process can become mutual.this could be like budget charcha. people can discuss with you as well as they will understand the practical problems of the government. this will make budget more transparent and open.
It will definitely help people, government and you.
Regards
0 0 #MyGov,
sir,
Pollution in Delhi is a serious issue, I have learned from NEWS reports that a major contributor to delhi's Air pollution and traffic problems are Trucks passing through Delhi.
every city has Key Entry and exit points. such points which are connected by railway lines, trains can pickup and drop such trucks passing by delhi. i have seen this practice in Konkan Railways.
0 0 #SwachBharathAbhiyan
Namste Pradhanmantri Ji,
To make Swach Bharath Abhiyaan more effective,can we ban the usage of plastic/PolyBag?
The Major problem behind jam of drainage system,is usage of Polybage.
Can this govt impose a  law against usage of Poly bags? If a state govt bans the usage of poly bags,it remains for a certain time. After some time No audits comes to check , and shopkeepers start usage of this.Sir,Please think in this matter if it could be happen.
Regards,
Sumnesh
0 0 My views about the duty:
Our country being source of spirituality, have enough scriptures talking about duty. Focus on action and be ready to face the result either expected or otherwise. More than understanding from scriptures, we have enough examples from our life. My sons Mridangam Guru is a blind by Birth, retired AIR artist. At the age of 60 plus, learnt to operate touch mobile, laptop,learning veena and trying to teach young students.Our servant maid at 60 very regular&highly dedicated
0 0 श्री अरुण जेटली पर श्री केजरीवाल के अ।रोप से संबंधित -दुष्टों को छमा करना दया है पर मक्कार को छमा करना मूर्खता होती है।
0 0 Suraaj,a good concept of governance.reality is quite different in our country.the work culture in most of the government departments is not public friendly.unless it is changed,suraaj can't become a reality.
0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी, आज की तेज रफ्तार की तकणीकी बदलाव के बावजूत आज भी गावो मे 24 घंटे मे से 12 घंटे बिजली मुहाया नही होती! एक तरफ  डिजिटल इंडिया का नारा और एक तराफ छोटे गावो की मूलभूत समस्याए जो भारत स्वत्रंत्रता से प्रलंबीत है! वो आज भी उसी समस्या से जुज रहे है! अगर ऐसी ही स्थिति आगे रही तो देहात, छोटे गावो का विकास और हजारो वर्षोमे भी नही हो सकता ! आज मूलभूत जैसे बिजली की समस्या ही सरकार नही सुलझा सकती तो ग्रामीण भारत कब बढेगा डिजिटल इंडिया की तरफ ???  pawarshrikant933@gmail.com, Mob-8975760511
0 0 प्रधान मंत्री जी, देश के विकाश के लिए foreign investment एक हद से ज्यादा ठीक नहीं है। वे 10 रु. के investment पर 100 रु. कमाएंगे। वे लाख लगाएंगे और करोड़ कमाएंगे । कहीं foreign investment विदेशी गुलामी का अध्याय-2 तो नहीं। पढ़े मेरी लिखी लघु-पुस्तिका “चाभी यहीं कहीं है” attached as pdf”: अर्जुन प्रसाद, लेखा नगर जबलपुर फोन-9407823554 ईमेल   arjun290@yahoo.co.in
1 0 Nameste Modi Ji, 
We all knew that you are aware on expenditure related to MP's. Government spends Rs 2.7 Lakhs a month per MP. India paid Rs.176 crore to its 543 Lok Sabha members in salaries and expenses over the last year. 
Apart from this, MP are getting subsidy on Food in Parliament Canteen. Why are Govt. providing subsidy to our MP's for food? 
I know this has been since 1947 but as you doing so well, I have full trust on you to eliminate and show to the people of your action.
0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी, असहिष्णुता के इस दौर में मेरा विचार है कि 2016 को राष्ट्रीय सांप्रदायिक सद्भावना वर्ष घोषित कर देना चाहिए। हम एक ऐसे भारत का ख्बाब देखना चाहते हैं जहाँ हिंदु-मुस्लिम भाईचारे का मिसाल पूरी दुनियाँ के लिए उदाहरण बन जाए : अर्जुन प्रसाद, लेखा नगर जबलपुर फोन-9407823554 ईमेल-arjun290@yahoo.co.in
0 0 INTERNAL SECURITY & UNEMPLOYEMENTGIVE CREATE JOBS FOR UNEMPLOYED AS A REPORTER OR KHABRI IN EACH STATE-EACH DISTRICT -EACH TALUKA-CITY- VILLAGE-LOCATIONWISE. MAIN CHAIN WILL COUNTRY CAPITAL-STATE CAPITAL-DISTRICTS-TALUKAS-CITIES-VILLAGES.KEEP SEPERATE CONTROL ROOM OFFICES DISTRICT POLICE HQ LINKED TO STATE-NATIONAL LEVEL BOTH THE WORRIES WILL SOLVED INERNAL SECURITY & UNEMPLOYEMENT.THAT WILL BE THE MEASURE SUCCESS OF GOVT
0 0 Way to increase GDP : continued :schools and colleges should be open only for 3 or 4 hrs.
3 hrs is more than enough for being a distinction student.
In any case , they attend tutions.
I
0 0 Wato increase GDP : Reduce working hours to 6 hrs/day.
Now,people spend 12 hrs on the job.8 hrs(@ work) + 2 hrs ( journey ) + 2 hrs ( pre & post work)+ 9 hrs (at home) = 21 hrs.Remaining = 3 hrs = wasted.If work timings are reduced to 6 hrs then 2 hrs will be added which will be = 5 hrs =saved.For banks and other customer service orgs make it 9am - 5pm.They will spend more time on outing ,spending, double jobs , tourism , starting new business thus encouraging start-up culture and productivty.
0 0 Dear Modiji.Gov. is trying all possible way for  material progress of the country and people. Nothing is done to eradicate sorrow of the people. this can be done only by scientific knowledge impacted to the people. I a retired engineer have done years of spiritual  research and can help.Please give  me a chance to serve the people and country.
0 0 Dear  Mr Mddiji. You have shown your spiritual strength and egolessnes by visit to Pak. Please apply this to soniagandhi and opposition.Though it is not needed, you can address parliament often for sometime on various unnecessary issues raised by  congress to stall parliament.Only by spiritual way you can win over  opposition. Criticizing congress for their past work to justify BJP's work will not do . Let your spoke persons not do that .
0 0 Sir, ‘Transformation of Indian railways critical to Indian growth. Indian railways benchmark the indicators of economy and Indian rail likely to pave the way and reflect Indian growth.  Enumerated attachment on ideas and suggestions shared for Indian Rail 2016’. Regards.
0 0 Namastey.Sir you people  have all the good intentions but not supporting people to implement your ideas.First modiji should create a team of seven individuals from private sector only ...meet them once a week.to get genuine feedback and wonderful ideas that  an rocket india ahead.this is sadly not happening.or likely to happen..ऐसा ही चलता रहेगा।
0 0 MyGov should not go ahead with the plan to raise MP's salary to 2.8 lac. Nobody gets such hefty raise. People are not satisfied with their performance at parliament. India which has 30% people below poverty line cannot afford to pamper their crorepati MPs with such a lavish gift. People who work hard at offices, factories and BPOs don't get even 10% raise. Then how can our irresponsible MPs ask for more than 100% increase? More money won't make our MPs efficient and responsible.
0 0 APSRTC, Which is a guaranteed loss corporation in Andhra Pradesh. Being an Indian and born in Andhra I don't miss this chance to express my ideas towards apsrtc.
0 0 sir..i am an engineering passout .there is large clashing of national exams on regular basis.due to this problem students drop their exams and opportunities as well.GATE2016 exam and SSC JE exams are clashing on 31st jan. 2015.pls pay attention on this problem.i will be so thankful.
0 0 MY SMALL VIEWS FROM SMALL MIND
0 0 "No one has ever brought a booster, an orbital-class booster, back intact."
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/spacexs-successful-landing-means-you...
Something ISRO should focus on
0 0 Drones are forcing people to think about who owns the airspace above private property http://bit.ly/1Jsp2ME
States should be allowed to auction it for some height say 1000ft or 1500 --so they can generate some extra resources--then remove excuse for poor policing and urban and rural administration
0 0 http://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/dec/26/drones-farming...
attach agrisceintists/crop insurance/water/pest expert ad market exp[ert to guidefarmers block by block--including markeing; also FCI
0 0 drones--one per block can be used to address various farm issues--scientifically;attach three scientists per block.pests/water/draught/floods,nutrition and insurance and crop to grow
0 0 1. Moral education must be made part of system
2. Numerous village industries are there to promote in many ways thus creating self employment
3. Khadi & VI must be supported ( rightly as present system is largely flawed)- it has tremendous employment potential through eco-friendly products and most suitable industry for the women folk.
4.Training on quality should be provided
5. Organisations like Cottage Industries, HHEC have lost track but can be very for rural employment generation
0 0 Without controlling the teeming population of 125 creore, no other problems can be solved. People in India love freedom, not responsibilities. Poor people don't think about the future need of education, shelter, job and medical treatment which are expensive. Children must be taught to be RESPONSIBLE INIDIAN CITIZEN WHO CAN CONTRIBUTE. A vast majority depend on Either God or Government to provide what they need. This thinking needs to be changed.
0 0 7. May consider NDMA (others in field) to carry disaster impact study of tier one city in twelve months, tier two in 18 months and other cities in 36 months. Study to profile each city for vulnerability to different natural calamity, enunciate safeguard measure and follow a yearly audit calendar of disaster preparedness region wise for different calamity. Establish situation normalization protocol- for public-private services, education, medical..’ regards.
0 0 5. Establish protocol for dissemination, preparation- planning for all likely affected and checks. 6. Public places, utilities, institutions…establish standard protocols for natural calamities as issued by relevant authority for preparation, occurrence, relief...6. Coordination procedure of effort –local, requisitioned, NGO, foreign.
0 0 (iii) Judicial/Inquiry commission in case appreciated to submit report in one year time. (iv) An independent study by private body. All reports published at NDMA- Home ministry- State government site. 4. Met yearly abnormal climate calendar forecast stating geography, period, scale, intensity, impact on environment. Update on monthly basis- when required. Climate profiling roaster by Met- regions, geography, city wise.
0 0 (e) Reports- (i) Preliminary report by affected district, NDRF, Armed Forces in three months- among other points to include causes, problems, recommendation, universal measure for future adoption.(ii) Detailed report in six months and on completion of relief and rehabilitation by state to include among other points relief, rehabilitation, measures implemented- in pipeline- planned.
0 0 (v) Regular situation update three hour for 72 hours, later 6 hour till relief work completed on all media.(vi) Civil Administration for situation stabilization- public safety, law-order, market- trade supervision, movement- people, effort to and out of affected area, coordination state-center, private, NGO work-effort … (vi) Relief, rehabilitation as per situation- established protocol.
0 0 (iii) On deployment four or more disaster response columns; invoke special provisions passing administration into response hands till relief stage, prize freeze of all essential commodities, clear chain of command for period( at least 96 h..or till required), local effort( NGO, Volunteer, hospitals, public utility….) advisory issue for coordination.(iv) Additional response resource provisioning on request.
0 0 3. May consider affecting in natural adverse situations: (a) On Met warning activate regional response structure. (b) Liaison, Deployment of response advance elements (NDRF, armed forces…). (c) On occurrence- (i) Early appreciation on response effort deployment, mobilization of resource. (ii) Advice government, issue advisory issue as per protocols framed to all affected. (d) Use of media for information dissemination on real time basis.
0 0 2. Extent, severity of adverse climate occurrences make response resource capacity for calibration, application review. Requisition of response resource, deployment critical in saving life, limiting loss- damage. Inability of local administration to appreciate - function in tackling natural disasters likely owing to scale and severity of adverse occurrences mandating professional handling of calamity abinitio.
0 0 Sir,  1. Natural catastrophes common place impacting life adversely. Disasters chain reaction of climate change phenomenon, severity and magnitude- unpredictable and unprecedented. Any geography any time for known- unknown reasons seem vulnerable. Loss of life is unsettling more so indications to inability in dealing with adverse situation.
1 0 pollution cause is human population; reduce population;
odd even numbered policy shd be for vehicles of all categories (two/ three/ four wheelers/ light/ heavy vehicle). then only pollution level  shall be halved from 800 air quality index to about 400;
to bring air quality to acceptable index quality, allow vehicles with last digit number on such dates coinciding the last digit of the date. then only, air quality come below 100.
all over india, the above shd be adopted.
0 0 criminal complainant should have the option to withdraw the complaint at any point of time to their convenience.
Jurisdiction of criminal complaint should be to the choice of the complainant.
Complainant's presence / attendance shd be at the option of the complainant.
0 0 Respected PM Sir
              With PM Sharif you should talk on terrorism, increasing Business b/w two countries, talks on Kashmir issue b/w India & Pakistan only, asking Pakistan to allow indian companies to sell its goods in Pakistan and willingness of Indian companies to make metro train in Lahore & Islamabad. All cost should be given by Pakistani Govt
Sudhir Chawla
New Delhi
0 0 Respected PM Sir
              With PM Sharif you should talk on terrorism, increasing Business b/w two countries, talks on Kashmir issue b/w India & Pakistan only, asking Pakistan to allow indian companies to sell its goods in Pakistan and willingness of Indian companies to make metro train in Lahore & Islamabad. All cost should be given by Pakistani Govt
Sudhir Chawla
New Delhi
0 0 Solar panels are huge source as seen from the past. Why not to make villages electricity independent saving cost of actual electricity bills for villagers and goverments electricity cost. For Ex: An average house in village will not need more than 5000 KW pwr everyday considering 10 people each. This will need 25 solarpanels of 200 W pwr costing 18000 each which will be 4,50,000 Rs. Considering a village of 10000 people will need 20 - 40 Crores of Solar panels to make village electroindependent.
0 0 #surajya QANTA magazine highlights the"the fight for soul of science".Gives a chance to do real science based Indian theologies--not claim they are scientific.Having 30 such scientists is critical for India to become leader in science without which cant be leader in the world.www.insist.ac.in is one such effort.These scientist should advice GOI on directions to focus not just scientists following western methods only
0 0 sir govrment school me techer ke prmotion unke class ke rusult ke aadar pe diye jae jise techer ache result ke liye or apne prmotion ke liye bacho pe jada samay dage or privet school me jana kam or govt school me aaege
0 0 jata wo bhe shool aaega or ise eduction ka dash me % or bade jaega sir mane iska pura written me plan banya hai agar SIR aap ko acha lage to me aapke deparmet se aai mail ya jawab ka intazar karuga sir aap ke is website se muge apani baat kahane ka moka mila thanks
0 0 daily attance se unhe ek panision milage or jo family family planning karagi unhe he ye benifit diya jae jise dash me faily plannig ka interst bane or dash ke popultion contorl me saath de or regular income jaha mil rahe hai waha govt employe ko jo apne regualr income ke liye wo bhe to family plannging apana rahe hai to agar har poor family ko bhe regular income mile to wo bhe family planng apana sakte hai or unke bacche shool aaege tab une kuch panison ke pase milage to har bacha jo kaam pe
0 0 sir SIR me edution pe kuch kahan chata hu ke hamare dash me aaj bhe kai bache ase hai jinke gar wale kuch regular mohtly 500 or 1000 rupee ke liye bacho ko kam pe bage rahe or wo bache shool nahi aa pa rahe hai agar asa ho jae ke jo bache kai kaam pe ja kar apne gar wolo ko jo pase date wahi ek ase regular income ya pension yogana ho jiseme une apne bacho ko school atance se wo benifit mile to jo bacha kai kaam pe jata hai unke mother father unhe kaam pe na bage kar shhool chodane aage jise
1 0 I have attached my opinion on good governance.
0 0 Time has come to redefine priority sector to include:sustainable development technology based endeavours,training and retraining institutions for employment readiness,defence self-reliance technology endeavours,water recover from waste water and sea water and air systems-all these should be taxed at the lowest rate
0 0 The  solution to the Metropolitan city like Delhi’s traffic congestion  by the Delhi state govt of odd and even formula plying of vehicles is under severe objections from the various social groups and the society itself. However, the project is underway with many permutation and combinations. It may work or not the time will tell but chances are less.It is in the continuation to my earlier submitted view 10 days before
0 0 The main goal of MGNREGA is to provide maximum employment to people and quick completion of govt. development project,like joining of river,extention of road and rail,various key infra long term project. I want to suggest that, the payment of wages should be directly given to labour/employee in bank a/c's. further, social security like bima suraksha yojna,ESI, etc. premium should be directly paid to authority, it will helpful to labour for health and social sec.& transparent system implemented
0 0 Monitoring and evaluation of various development work in villages should be taken care by an independent agency from other state.this will be helpful to fix responsibility of the concerned officer.
0 0 What for members of parliament get salary and other facilities.to make hangama or to do some work for the public.
0 0 “मेरे मनमे तो बहुत सी बाते हे  इसमें से के महत्व पूर्ण बाते मैंने इस अटैच्ड फाइल में राखी हे, एक भारत श्रेष्ठ भारत बनाने की लिए. पर ऊपर की थोड़ी सी बात भी अगर रंग लाइगी तो भी में अपने आप को धन्य महेसुस करूँगा. मेरे माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी कुछ सोचना जरुर इस सब के बारे में. क्युकी इस देश को बुलेट train से ज्यादा आपके बुलेट की गति से लिए गये फैसले की ज्यादा बहुत ज्यादा जरुरत हे!”
0 0 Respected PM Sir
In Russia talk about increasing business purchase missiles and pandubbi. Take an oath of fighting against Terrorism and work to stop Global warming and give an invitation to President Putin to be Chief Guest next month on India's Republic Day
With regards &thanks
Sudhir Chawla
New Delhi
0 0 Respected PM Sir
In Russia talk about increasing business purchase missiles and pandubbi. Take an oath of fighting against Terrorism and work to stop Global warming and give an invitation to President Putin to be Chief Guest next month on India's Republic Day
With regards &thanks
Sudhir Chawla
New Delhi
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
I'm from Vadodara, Gujarat. Actually I feel very much lucky to be born and brought up in this cultural city of Gujarat. But Sir one thing that annoys me about this city is the traffic rules disobedience. Sir, I feel sorry to see the people violating the traffic rules under the nose of Officials.Sir I believe that in this modernisation era its not at all difficult to implement strict and heavy traffic rules for the betterment of the city and the people.Sir, Please Consider.
0 0 One thing I wish to say they should pick that type talent from market which they can sustain life time mutuly.
A man always not wrong except peers.
Currently I am jobless and not except anything from country but for next generation..
Regards
Jananjay Gupta
0 0 Dear Narendra
You know , all of you doing good and in corporate style. do all of you really know one thing in corporate style that is termination . I have 15 year long working experience and terrible exposure after education completion which 7.5 years in corporate with three job in three corporate and all of them did terminated me. it would only in fraud not in other clause they used against me.They got license to do business not to white colure humiliation.
0 0 Public using plastic carry bag due to affordable,comfortable,weight carry capacity,sustainable,chiep,etc. reason for use,but,it can be change by alternative carry bag of cloths or paper, which is affordable,comfortable,weight carring capacity,price,sustainability, if better,people always ready to change,e.i., public are now using NOKIA 3310 MODEL  to smart phone only due to above factor,the appropriate alternative should be given to public for comfortable and easy change in system. Best wishes
0 0 Under#Disaster Resilient India#Majuli island Assam soil erosion the loss is our pain after next State Govt Form we can do this..1) To reduce soil erosion plant tree according to the direction of wind. Roots of plants hold soil reduce erosion.2) We can introduce jute sack netting or nylon netting immerse or tuflon manmade netting.3) Rock hard rock stone sand bag cement bag barricade.4) channelize the water flow by tube or pipeline.5) By soil grafting earth shifting different types of soils.
1 0 the money allocated to M.P's, M.L.A.'s and gram Pradhans of bundelkhand should be utilized to feed the hungry people first on priority basis. other developments in their area may be taken care later.
0 0 SHORT MEASURING OF FUELS
SALE PERSONS AT PETROL PUMP ARE CHEATING TO PEOPLE. THEY SET THE ASKED AMOUNT BUT CUT OFF THE PUMP BEFORE COMPLETE DELIVERY AND METER SHOWS JUST PRESET AMOUNT NOT THE DELIVERED.IF YOU COMPLAINT THEY MAKE ARGUE AND MISBEHAVE. THE TECHNOLOGY HAS BEEN SO ADVANCED THEN WHY NOT THE METER CAN SHOW THE AMOUNT AT THE POINT OF CUT OFF. IT NEEDS SOME MODIFICATION TO SAVE OUR MONEY .
0 0 MY NAME IS PARTHA ROY.I AM SECRETARY OF SOCIETY FOR MOVEMENT OF HUMAN & DEMOCRATIC RIGHTS.OUR ORGANISATION FIGHT FOR WOMEN AND CHILD LABOUR. I WANT TO FIGHT CHILD LABOUR.
0 0 Sir,
  I live in a small village called Dhantala. I don't know are you going to read my words or not.
I love my India, and I respect you in core of my heart. I am worry about my Indian mothers and sister. They are not safe any more. And I police, or low are also. I am not giving you any advice, Just wanting to tell you I already take my own stape. I teach them Martial arts. I just a poor single person with limited time and money. But If you want then it will happens. I do my level best.
1 0 Sir
I respect you and your contributions to our society
Let's take the example of swatch bharat abhiyan
Every one will keep their surrounding clean only if there are dustbins
I request to keep dustbins in every 10meters distance
2 0 ALL THE MEMBERS OF SELF HELP GROUP SHOULD KNOW IT THAT ANY PERSON OR GROUP OF PERSON DESIRE TO EARN BY THEIR OWN WITH SHG OR ANY NGO ARE REQUESTED TO OR MAIL AT lasthopeindia@gmail.com to either wipe out problems or what to be done? like faq in regard to shg or ngo
0 0 In mann ki baat on 27 dec.15, Good wishes for new year & for Christmas, further, precuations and awareness about the save of environment & efforts made by India at international level including solar energy which is useful to people and proud of India for world leadership in solar field.Clean India is also part of clean environment, hence, people and state govt. support for extra care for dust and garbage free street. Woman security and GST bill efforts by govt. should be recalled to people.
0 0 Politicians,in the habit of levelling baseless charges against others must be punished because they are responsible to spoil the harmonious atmosphere in the country.they don't deserve an excuse.
0 0 Responsibility of police personnel should be fixed strictly to control the crimes.
0 0 Respected Sir
Today I want to share something which is going wrong in our society or DISTRICT.Basically Problem In Garbage Handling .We Have no space or suitable resources where we putted the garbage.MCA Play like test Match instead of 20-20.if MCA will be active than people gets a relief. Sir I have Humble request to you.Please Be alert on such topic. IT is not a matter of Particular STATE IT is matter about  Health of our Country People.IF WE lIVE Healthy than we are INNOVATIVE.
0 0 Respected PM Sir
   Aap Petrol ke daam 3 rupee aur deisel ke daam 2 rupee ghata dijiye aur abhi jyada missils vagarah ka parikshan mat kijiye warna Pakistan phirfiring karne lagega aur ladai ho jayegi sudhhir chawla
0 0 Respected PM Sir
   Aap Petrol ke daam 3 rupee aur deisel ke daam 2 rupee ghata dijiye aur abhi jyada missils vagarah ka parikshan mat kijiye warna Pakistan phirfiring karne lagega aur ladai ho jayegi sudhhir chawla
0 0 Science is shifting to pattern recognition/BIGDATA which is really the one who has greater computing access has greater chance of being right.Also biology is changing dramatically.It is expected that gene editing will become a high school student will learn in less than 5 years.his will lead new efficiencies and new catastrophes which science is not geared to handle.So philosophy is critical and India must show leadership in this area.
0 0 Knowing more important than just knowing science/maths.That is not to say science and maths are less important.One succeeds in science and maths better in the long run and gets along with people better with knowing more languages;Knowing/understanding  philosophy in different languages is the most critical to make Shresht Bharatiya
0 0 "No Child left behind"--Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat;It is now scientifically established that people who know more than two languages have much greater cognitive abilities; Knowing more languages,being able/read/write/sing in different Indian languages must be awarded at every district level,then competition to state level and across states to national level--Shresht bharatiya Award
0 0 #SelfHelpForum If there is a way to view the discussions without the comments of marketing firms in mygov that would be nice.mygov could try to mark the advertisement links only messages such as of "Marketing bytes".
0 0 There are messages going around regarding the Governance day declared on Dec 25th. This is an important religious festival celebrated in India. This will affect many people's sentiments. Isn't it better to move the Governance day to another Day.
1 0 1. People represention act should be amended to make compulsory voting through  e-voting, encroachers of public properties including river,tanks,roads etc loose the voting rights and public funding of elections
2. Education and Health services should be nationalised or controlled through regulator
3. Linking of rivers within each state with check dams in every five KM should be made compulsory
0 0 Differancial pricing policy for data services by service provider should be controlled by fixing the limit of charges for customer usage for use. it should not be exceeded to the specified limit. Service provider can charge less price,but, in no case they can charge more than the fixed rate,even, the variation in usage of the data services by the customer.so, the competition will created by service provider to decrease the rate as per usage, which will benifited to the customer.
0 0 Respected PM,
PLEASE GIVE IMPORTANCE TO AGRICULTURE AND POLLUTION CONTROL.
ALSO THE IMPORTANCE OF PLANNING DEPARTMENT IN ALL FIELDS .PLEASE MAKE THE POLICIES EFFECTIVE THROUGH NITI AAYOG
0 0 Respected PM,
PLEASE MAKE CREATIVE IDEAS FOR MANAGING SOLID WASTES ESPECIALLY PLASTICS... WHICH WILL HELP "SWATCH BHARATH MISSION".ALSO DEVELOP SHORT AND SIMPLE IDEAS FOR SWATCH BHARAT MISSION UNDER DIFFERENT CATEGORIES.
1. CLEANLINESS STARTS FROM INDIVIDUAL'S MIND-"FOR INDIVIDUAL"
2. CLEANLINESS CODE FOR A FAMILY
3. CLEANLINESS CODE FOR OFFICE
4.CLENLINESS CODE FOR PUBLIC PLACES
1 0 Respected PM,
PLEASE MAKE A COMPLETE DATA BOOK OF ALL FREEDOM FIGHTERS OF OUR MOTHERLAND (THEIR LIFE ,WORKS,BIRTH ,DEATH etc..)also various ORGANISATIONS that took part in freedom struggle and make it available to new generation of INDIA AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.DEDICATE TO OUR MOTHER LAND
0 0 Respected PM.
FOR DIPLOMA COURSES PLEASE MAKE NECESSARY CHANGES IN THE CURRICULUM AND FOLLOW "SINGAPORE DIPLOMA SCHOOL'S" SYLLABUS.IT WILL HELP TO DEVELOP TECHNICAL SKILL FAR BETTER THAN CURRENT SYLLABUS
PLEASE MAKE IMPORTANCE FOR SKILL DEVELOPMENT COURSES FROM SCHOOLING ITSELF
0 0 Respected PM,
PLEASE MAKE THE EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM UPDATED ESPECIALLY IN TECHNICAL SYSTEM.PROVIDE A GOOD CURRICULUM UP TO 10 TH STANDARD NATION WIDE INCLUDING PATRIOTIC AND MORAL SUBJECTS.AFTER 10TH MAKE A NATION WIDE TALENT SEARCH EXAM(ALL STATES STUDENTS SHOULD PARTICIPATE) FOR TESTING THE ABILITY OF STUDENTS IN VARIOUS FIELDS.FOR PLUS TWO AND DEGREE IT SHOULD FOLLOW NEW SYLLABUS.PLEASE TAKE NECESSARY ACTIONS TO STOP UNPRODUCTIVE SELF FINANCING COLLEGES .
0 0 respected PM,
please make a law in parliment to STOP BRAIN DRAIN of IIT ians and IIM candidates to be a part of NATION BUILDING PROJECTS AFTER COMPLETION OF THEIR COURSE FOR 3 - 5 YEARS MANDATORY!!!.IT CAN BOOST MAKE IN INDIA PROGRAM
0 0 Upgrade the distribution system of BPL people because poor people not get enough rashan, Who have 2 acr land they got mitti ka tel and who have not a land they did not get any thing from govt as a rashan card holdler.
0 0 The economic thrust initiated by the Honorable Prime Minister along with MAKE IN INDIA push needs better ground level functioning without which we will not be able to see the real change in our economy. Just to share my experience of amendment to my PAN Card with E Mudhra, the process initiated on October 29th is still open. If in 7 weeks, we are unable to amend a PAN card of a resident Indian then how will we be able to show a foreign investor that we mean business. Red tape still persists...
1 0 The various suggessions, Informations, & Ideas for development and growth of our country & good governance, tranprancy in policy,public awareness, with corruption free India is the Main motive and mission of our HON.PM. The public are generally shared view and experience to improve the system. it is unfortunate,that,the message posted by participant may not be updated or blocked, without showing any reason.my posted mails are 717 for last so many days,not updated even if sent 3 mails/day.Why?pl.
1 0 Sir,Agriculture is the back bone of our country,but nowadays there is no people to work hard in the agricultural land except the land owners.The people are intrested only in going for Mahathma Gandhi National Rural Employment and getting the wages without working.If we implement a scheme of sending these labours to the agriculture works with the government wage and rest will given by the agricultural land owners.This scheme will flourish the agriculture JAI HIND
0 0 Sir, its the time to put battery charging stations as petrol pump and encouraging electronic vehicles. From lowering the cost of diesel and petrol cost will not help us to save our future. Its time to act not to suggest others to save earth. I hope all Educated People will start this. Government will do at its level lets contribute at our level too. As said in a movie don't sit in hope for god will do some miracle, maybe the god is sitting in hope to us that we will do some miracle.
1 0 the decision taken by the government of Haryana, on the qualification of GRAM PRADHANS ,is appreciable. but many other state governments need to take similar decision for the development of villages.
2 0 Sir,
I would like to suggest that first and foremost duty of the government should be to take all land details into account like soil test, water testing, climate of the place, availability of water, then we should plan our agriculture crop growing according to the suitability.
then our country will become rich, now people are growing crops according to their wish and requirement but not for the country needs.
1 0 In the fast growing world, the power of media is very important for development and effective implementation of policy.Electronics media,print media, social media, and other various media of conversion to reach to the people have great role to aware the public and maximum utilization of policy.It is also necessary to take precausions about manipulation and negative creation of news by media, therefore, one reliable channel or website or media should be kept from where public can get real message
1 0 Deaths due to cancer are very high in Tarapore and Kudamkulam and other atomic power stations as many friends have died.This death data must be published so scientists are help accountable.This is what has happened in Jharkhand also
1 0 Name: Raghunath Yeturi.In order to address various problems present in society, there needs to be meeting points/schools for a defined area(may be colony,slum,village).Everyday, all sections of the people should gather for 1-2 hours at these meeting points/schools where nation building activities be performed. These schools should impart/discuss sense of service to society, discipline and any activities that need to be done for some problems in their society.
0 0 Myself Brahm Dutt Sharda, I have been doing research on the topic of agriculture waste burning in the fields and I have come up with a solution in the form of a project which I am attaching here. This project alongwith eliminating the menace of agriculture waste burning also tackles with the issues of making India clean and green by controlling the emitted pollution and also generates huge employment opportunities.
1 0 Modiji: As AADHAR gets used more and more security (cyber security) is becoming morea and more critical;no amount of security is enough;security audit of the whole process must be done;IIT Chennai has security cell; also use open source chip and open source software to cut electronic imports and drive employment and security
0 0 NITIAAYOG must provide studies as to how to create land,water,forest conservation fund along with Disaster recovery management fund for every city and village in the state by divesting non-performing PSUs .Construction pollution tax,diesel usage tax by vehicle,water treatment tax,disaster recovery provisioning tax for every suburb and village must be the way to go
2 0 suggestion to you.u know Indian news&media theirown comments and many wrong programe in TV chanls
my home dishtv I pay 270  rs/month  for 140 chanels I need only 10-15 chanel but not  available only this channels so I  pay  270  rs.  minimum fix  amount 50 rs/month  and  customer can  choice 1 xra channels 10-15 rs/ month
Advantages 1)Customer pay little money to dish companies chanels
2)if not good programe or news customer not select they make good programes and improve news quality
0 0 Electronic payment system is essential and important for part of global developing concept.It saves time,money and energy for the making payment of any goods or services. The precausion should be kept that payment must be reached to the receipient to whom the payment required to be made and valid receipt should be available on mail/sms and ready for quick print which can be saved in storage.there should be some option available,if the wrong payment made,it should be recovered electronically back
1 0 my views on Traffic Jam Problems in all Indian cities with our Prime Minister...
1 0 Property tax index in a city area should be linked to Pollution index,disaster preparedness index and crimes index--Central Government should set up these indices so state governments  devolve more powers to civic administrations
1 0 Based on carbon and water footprint GOi should develop sustainable lifestyle ratings for every product --particularly those consumed in the West--only then GOIU can insist on sustainable lifestyles are pursued in the West and in India---IITs can be asked to do by product groups
1 0 my views on National Interest with our Prime Minister...
1 0 All govt payments of all governing bodies,including all associations,trusts should go completely electronic
0 0 Infact all PSU transactions must go on electronic trail first
0 0 All bank loans above say Rs2lacs should only be to companies which do only electronic payments of all Rs2lac payments completely---this is an openness required to establish thru BIG DATA analytics credit worthiness of the project and only as long as all transactions are electronic will the entitlement for loan sanction will last.This will address all bank loan issues;All Institutes can be encouraged to develop this analytics--which is a continuous process.
0 0 Mr.Arvind kejariwal must assess his position before giving a comment on mr.Narendra Modi who has been elected by indian.mr.kejariwal is a choice of Delhi public only.
0 0 A MULTIPURPOSE SOLUTION towards Green India , Infrastructure and Disaster Management :
Recent Chennai floods reminds me of a video i saw on whatsapp few days back. The video was shooted in Neatherland about Roads that absorbs water that falls from rain or evenwhere on it. This is very helpful as it will help to absorb more water during rainy seasons into the grounds especially in rainshadow areas or draught situations. Can we adopt it in India (subject to cost n other factors)?
0 0 Divesting PSUs which are not producing adequate returns of taxed capital of public is even more essential as GST is more  a tax on public as a direct taxes.If the divestment with land and buildings at current value is done and open global tender invited--with security checks--may enable reduction of taxes on people and reskilling more people
0 0 Why not speed BSIV and adopt stiffer pollution standards for two wheelers and three wheelers and diesel vehicles cars to be taxed more for pollution
0 0 30 of the top forty most polluted cities are in India--affecting tourism an d health of people;to better administer cities which existing set up is proving ineffective Municipalities and Corporations must be empowered with appropriate legislation as environment cannot be the subject of state it is that of nation,given Paris accord;also water bodies--maintenance and pollution needs to be addressed similarly
0 0 Delhi's air problem SOLVED!
This is the cheap and 'logical' solution to Delhi's air problem. Being from an IIT, i am surprised that AK ji has rather resorted to a failed formula in Beijing.
Air-purifying billboard does the work of 1,200 trees- http://www.gizmag.com/utecs-air-purifying-billboard-installed-at-lima/31...
https://youtu.be/-HaC5PQXrho
0 0 Line traffic system needs to be implemented all over India and needs to be monitured perfectly. If someone does not follow rules,he/she should be fined. Different states have different rules. Road safety rules must be implemented all India . If this can be done,accidents will be very less and we will not loose any precious lives.
0 0 In this MyGov website, pease provide lists based on Categories.
0 0 Sir,
The solution to the Metropolitan city like Delhi's traffic congestion by the Delhi state govt of odd and even formula plying of vehicles is under severe objections from the various social groups and the society itself. However,  the project is underway with many permutation and combinations
0 0 Sir
My self is Himgiri yadav Assistant Engineer.
My point is that reservation policy need to be modify.I suggest that reservation should be given to the candidate only once mean that either they can have reservations in college entry or during job exam for this during form filling a option come which will ask about the reservation at that time or not and if they avail that already it will not given to them. It will help to give reservation to more people.
1 0 privatise the rail corridors for freight and passenger trains short distance trains be privatise for reaping greater benefits
get contractual labour outsource peons in govt offices as a measure for small districts employ data operators instead of large mallies in govt bungalows and conservancy staff be outsourced  for swacch bharat
1 0 reduce the income tax increase the compliance and see the results give certain percentage as social security  against the payment of taxes     reduce govt expenditure on allowances of vip politicians and the bureaucrats   no vis more than four in a month  see the travelling bills be reduced people will gain by the savings because our beloved country will save
1 0 a blind school for girls in chhearta amritsar on road to attari ahead of gndu university
saw 18 girl blind children and 4blind teachers who live in a residential school premises sustaing without any govt help or funds plight very bad and poor bibi ahilan netraheen andvidhalaya require help from govt and the ngos    should help these destitute children jai hind
1 0 local cda audit offices have their commissions fixed at 4 to 6 percent from the dealers for passing bills should be monitored for bribes and corruption pers accounts have money being transfered to these govt servants  solution delink middlemen and tfr directly without cda releasing money everytime should be thro the central dept only see the savings thereafter
1 0 procurement of items for the govt depts in a state and central depts should be at competitive rates centrally controlled by a single agency in a district  which is specialised and apt at negotiations with vendors for eff prices will reduce burgeoning staff in each govt level for procurement and stop corruption thus ensuring quality and efficiency
0 0 How to reduce electronic imports: by insisting open source chips and operating systems and applications in chips designed so security in built;this is the task that must be given to three groups of three IITs each with a time frame and funding to even recruit professionals outside of IIT and even NRIs as needed;this willdrive STARTUP India  and also address unnecessary imports and improve exports
0 0 We are very satisfied with Suresh Prabhu and Sushma Swaraj's collaberation work with people. We do not see from other ministers and MPs.Every minister should take the responsibility to setup a stage in Panchayat Level with the help of local MPs. All the local people should share their issues. Issues should be segregated by State and Central level. MPs responsibility to explain the issues to people and if it is state level then he should follow up with state ministers and resolve the issues.
0 0 The CIT(A)6 Ahemdabad,have passed the order by not following the order of Hon. supreme court specific related to 80P(2)(a)I (2012), but applied irrelavent judgement of Totalgar  sale co-operative society applicable 80P(2)(a)(iii),of hon.SC(2010). rejecting the appeal in revenue interest or for personal or corruptive interest, dismissed the appeal without following or applying the latest judgements applicable.it is the duty to rectify the error of AO but not to act as AO.investigation required.
0 0 Ground penetrating radars can be used to detect...........
Part 0.2...............
Ground penetrating radars can be used to detect underground bunkers or areas where enemy soldiers 
are hiding or they have hided their ammunition. These radars can also be used in other areas to 
find out hidden bunkers, areas, underground based or ammunition hidden........
0 0 I'm a ninth grade student, and I (like many others my age) am very interested in serving our country- especially in the field of education. However, I find that being a minor, I have very little chance to voice my opinions about the laws and policies that will ultimately affect me and my future. I will continue to use this website, but I request you to PLEASE encourage students and youth to use this site too- because in the end, YOUR decisions will change OUR lives and we deserve to be heard too
0 0 Immediate attention needed in order to encourage patriots.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy3hACf-XaM&feature=youtu.be
0 0 "INDIA NEEDS FINANCIAL SECTOR REFORMS FOR DEVELOPMENTAL OUTCOME"
0 0 Something very important is being forwarded without which our Nationalism is at stake. Kindly open the below link for doing needful.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy3hACf-XaM&feature=youtu.be
0 0 Dear Narendra Modi Sir,
This is a suggestion for the development of Indian post office department. If we make a tie up with some of the online marketplace like snap deal, flipkart or any other firm with Indian post services. The online product can be reach to every person in villages as well as in cities, where the other courier essential services are not available. With this we can generate jobs for youths as well as we can save our traditional mail service.
0 0 can anyone help me to file a complaint in ministry of social justice and empowerment???
please help me. i need your valuable help.
1 0 In respect to GST, It is the spirit of govt.& hon.PM to pass the bill with the support and common concesus of all the party.I  want to suggest that, the bill of GST should be put before the RS first, & support of TMC,NCP,JDU,SP,BSP, AIDMK,BIJU,AND such other parties are ready to pass the bill in the large public interest, hence, if congress do not support the bill,they should be ignored and GST bill should be passed in RS and no problem to pass in LS. we hope to pass in this session,best of luck
0 0 it looks very much indecent when our media glorifies accused M.P.'s, M.L.A.'s(in heinous crimes)by prefixing "BAHUBALI NETA" and smugglers-criminals by prefixing  "DON" before their name.
0 0 Namaste,
Sir
Main ek Idea dena chahunga...
Ki
Koi v Issue ho Govt ussipe pure desh ki Raaye lena chahiye.
Govt ek yesi Site banaye jahape User Topic ko dekh k VOTE dy &  once ek GPRS user vote dy diya tow VOTING site pe dubar vote (uss IP adrs pe  vote) nahi kar payega,.
Ek topic k liye sirf ek baar vote, dey payega..
Fer dusra topic
Expl=
Q = FDI hamare desh pe aana chahiye kya?
Ans =
A. Yes
B.No
C.50-50
D.i dont know
Isy har citizen ki Maan ki baat Govt tak pahachegi...
0 0 Dear PrimeMinisterJi, Like in many countries, why not make it compulsory to serve the NATION for minimum 3 years in areas citizens choose and areas govt wants. This will bring upliftment of the country, social equilibrium in terms of understanding the sensitivities of the NATION. 3 years can be any time the citizens choose in the age group from 18 to 40, need not be continuous 3 years. Areas to serve the nation building are areas where we lack strength, purpose(direction), insight etc.Dhanyavad
0 0 Dear PrimeMinisterJi, Like in many countries, why not make it compulsory to serve the NATION for minimum 3 years in areas citizens choose and areas govt wants. This will bring upliftment of the country, social equilibrium in terms of understanding the sensitivities of the NATION. 3 years can be any time the citizens choose in the age group from 18 to 40, need not be continuous 3 years. Areas to serve the nation building are areas where we lack strength, purpose(direction), insight etc.Dhanyavad
2 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister, Namaste!! 
Whenever in Mygov.in new topic listed for discussion, an alert message should come either on mobile or email, so people can actively participate. 
I want to give my thoughts on care of disabled child but that topic is closed for new suggestions. I missed the train!! Hence I am suggesting alert message system.
Regards,
Mehul
0 0 Respected PM Sir
  Tomorrow you should discuss the issues of Terrorism, Global Warming and increase of Business with PM of Japan. You should approve Japanese desire of making the tracks of Bullet Train on Mumbai Ahmedabad Route. You should also seek support of Japan in running semi Bullet Trains in India thats it
With regards & thanks
Sudhir Chawla
New Delhi
0 0 Respected PM Sir
  Tomorrow you should discuss the issues of Terrorism, Global Warming and increase of Business with PM of Japan. You should approve Japanese desire of making the tracks of Bullet Train on Mumbai Ahmedabad Route. You should also seek support of Japan in running semi Bullet Trains in India thats it
With regards & thanks
Sudhir Chawla
New Delhi1
1 0 I don't understand why Kolkata Municipality allow encroachment of pavement/footpath by shopkeepers who put up beches, chairs for customers, display their saleable commodities like fan furniture, Coca-Cola crates, flexi signboards, parked motor cycles. Both KMC inspectors and Police are indifferent to  pedestrians' right to walk safely on footpath.  WHY IS CIVIC ADMINISTRATION SO CALLOUS? Politicians do nothing beyond getting votes. No service, no commitment.
1 0 Respected Prime minister Modiji, Happy to see a corruption free and hard working government in operation. But still corruption and red tape continues in government offices. To cut this down I suggest cameras being installed in all the government offices and the video record maintained in central place through network transfer. This will greatly help to monitor and review how a citizen is treated in government offices. If citizen complains the video will act as evidence for govt to take action.
2 0 TRAI differancial prise by service provider, I want to suggest that, any price taken lower than specified should be accepted,but, there should be restriction of any additional or hidden charges by way of scheme or for any additional benefit provided to customer. so, that, service provider can expand the network by competition, which will be benifited to the customer for lower price of services, and also to service provider for getting large and mass market at lower margin go nutralise profit.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister and Respected Railway Minister,
Citizens in the region (Nanded-Pune, Nanded-Manmad, Pune-Hubli) have been demanding double railway line since 25-30 years. This will Connect people of the region to major cities like Pune,Mumbai,Bangalore. Many distressed people tried to reach the top in power to bring the railway facility in the region. People in this region would be greatly indebted to you for providing us this facility. Dhanyavad. Jai Hind. Jai Bharati.
0 0 Sir i want to suggest that we should focus on technical education , technical education should be introduced in lower classes.
0 0 want suggest that there should govt motor driving schools . licence should be issued after completion of driving training , its control road accident because our youth have driving licence but they don't have the knowledge of rules , if driving training becomes mandatory they we can control on jams , accident etc.
0 0 Chennai and Mumbai have shown how dangerous man-made flood in cities can be. Let municipal corporation in every city take lesson from this disaster before we lose lives and properties. Canals and lowlands must not be filled up for promoting business. Land sharks must be tamed before they destroy the environment.
1 0 The govt.have decided to develop smart city at various places.In many cities and rural areas roads and infra. development works are also started. I want to suggest that,all the roads should be 6 or 8 lanes or more, space of walking and parking place on road, on edge of the both sides of road one small canal or pipeline for various utilities like, Gas line,electricity line,telephone line, and other required utilities, while on second side water canal with solar penal should be installed.
0 0 #MyGov If mygov adds details about the tendering procedure followed by each of the Mission cities for smart city consulting firms and the reasons why they preferred particular consulting services, that would create more transparency in the smart city project
3 0 Respected Prime minister, you should call joint session of loksabha and rajyasabha to full fill your commitment in respect of G.S.T. in the national interest. because interest of indian business and economy has much importance rather than the dirty politics of congress.
0 0 After some point of time, our counter of numbers of post stop working, and it shows us the wrong number. Does anybody what we need to do for that counter to working again ?
#SelfHelpForum, #MyGov, #Help
0 0 Dear PM,as per decision of  govt we hearty welcome DBTL but sorry to say bcoz of weak administration I fail to get my subsidies amount till ye. I too write it to Indane gas & also to Mr Dharmendra Pradhan (MoS,Oil & natural gas). But its too ridiculous iI could nt get my benefit. can u plz look forward abt my grievance?
1 0 It is very much evident that congress along with some other similar minded parties will not allow the N.D.A. to discuss and pass any bill in winter and subsequent sessions of parliament. Later they will try to convince the common public that this government has done nothing for the nation. Hon. speaker of both the house should take strict disciplinary action against such members.
