26 3 Hello to My Gov.& students,
   First i am pointing out some weaknesses in our edu. System
1. Teachers in gov as well as Private schools & colleges are not upto the mark.
2. Bad condition of Gov.schools they needs proper supervision.
3. Why Caste system in selection for job and admission?
    For students
1. Set you goal(short and long term)
2. Dont think about the results think about your today's goal.
3. Use visual learning.
4. Be relax during exam.
Best wishes for exam.

5 0 "Understand the meaning" is study or learning. So don't read but study for exam. Bring down in writing in your sentence form. A well understood topic could expressed in simple wordings of yours. Now you think you are teaching someone the topic while writing down. You'll be successful.

7 0 Dear PM ji,Naman!!!Am Sunanda Jati, Principal of a K-12 school in western Odisha. I extend my whole hearted gratitude for choosing this topic for Maan ki baat.My humble request to you please speak to the parents not to treat their children as score producing machines.Each child is having his potential and area to excel in their lives. Mere failure or success in exam doesn't determined their future prospects. If parents support is there then undoubtedly they can do wonder.They need their parents.

1 0 Respected prime minister sir
MY NAME IS MAYANK MITTAL. I BELONG TO NAJIBABAD DISTRICT BIJNORE UP. I AM A JOURNALIST. SIR MY WISH IS THAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO TELL US THAT WHAT WAS GOING ON IN YOUR MIND WHEN YOU TAKE A CLEAR DECISION OF DEMONETIZATION. IT WAS YOUR EXAM AND YOU PASSED IT SUCCESSFULLY. IT WILL BE REMARKABLE IN HISTORY. I PRAY LONG LIVING FOR YOU. YOUR OBEDIENTLY. YOU ARE GREAT. JAI HIND MAYANK 9927140483.

2 0 There are no short cuts in life. Only hard work will pay you desired dividends. Focus on your goal in life and work step by step to achieve it . One time victory is not enough to reach your goal. Honesty to yourself is a must. Competition should always be to do better than last time. When you start realising  your potential than you will start competing to yourself. Only need of the hour is to give your best shot in whatever you do. Success will be definitely yours. Be all rounder in life.

3 0 सर,आपकौ धन्यवाद मन की बात का विषय विधाथीं के लिए रखा है। Sir- aaj kal sabhi govt.Departments me retired govt.Employee ko fir se appoint kar liya jata h kyoki kam salary me achcha exprience rakhne wale employees mil jate h But ye policy galat h iss policy se naye logo ko kaam karna ka mauka nhi mil pata h jisse desh me yuwa ko berojgari ka samna karna padhta h isse govt. Recruitment me bhi kami aai h  aur desh me berojgari ka graph badhta hi ja raha h

2 0 Good after noon sir,
please find the attachment of motivational poem for Indian students...
if, any mistake please forgive me
thank you so much

2 1 Modhi ji namskar
Aj mai apsey yahi appl krrri hu ke Ap Jo krrhe o acha hai BT ik bat ja dhyn rako desh ko AGR grebi sey mukt krna hai to desh met mehgaie kam krni hoge har cheej itni costly hai Aan aadmi ki pohnch k baahr hai AGR achy din aney wale hai to kab ayegy achy din .. Aap desh ko itna amir krdo hr aadmi ko kabhi bhooka na sona padey.. Request u to kindly do the expensive things to be cheap.. As soon as possible .
Thanks

0 0 #mannkibaat

3 0 There are very less resources for rural schools in comparison to urban schools specially private schools this divide should be mitigated through making provisions in upcoming financial budget.

1 0 Dear sir, India ke All private school,college,institutes ke liye rules And regulations hone chaaiye jisse ye apni manmani nahi kare  aaj kal private school, colleges,institute bina receipt ke manmana paisa lete h, fees ke liye koi guidelines nhi h sir   kabhi school kit ( bag, books,id) ke liye 5000/-tak fees lete h jiska koi hisab nhi hota h , aur students ko dena hi padhta h kyoki uske future ka sawal hota h aur kabhi konsa shulk to kabhi konsa  So please sir make a good guidelines for This

0 0 Regarding exam point of view
1. Eat fresh fruit and protien rich grains during study
2. Play Games or do external activities for 1-2 hour between study to feel free before study
3. Force talented people to come in politics.

0 0 A student should adopt certain strategies and prepare very thoroughly (with full concentration) in the coming weeks for the Board Exams. The student should now do a review about his/her preparation till date and accordingly proceed. Furthermore, a student should prepare for the Board Exams not just to secure high marks but also to use this knowledge to further their education and to apply that knowledge in the practical life. Lastly, they should keep their cool and give their best.

1 0 Dear PM, I am feeling glad that govt are thinking for youngsters.
1.Make ground in a school compulsory to take out hidden talent of students. Lacs of schools are still there without a small ground to play in India.
2.Have a motivational courses in schools and colleges to motivate students to join politics to have a bright future of India, thus we  have get some bright minded and talented people in politics.
3.Make a common fully verified consultancy site to get jobs vacancies for students.

0 0 Respected PM
Greetings and Thanks for your special talk on exam Preparation.
Kindly discuss my points on Dealing with Examophobia published for the students.
with Regards
Ashok Singh Guleria
Educator Akal Schools Baru Sahib H.P.
http://www.smediagroup.in/emag/tpt-march16/index.html?pageNumber=18

0 0 Sir please do something with this medical colleges in previous they fill their seats by huge donation and leak question paper who give donations and now when govt be strict and enforced neet ug where they can do nothing  then they hike fee equivalent to donation. This is partial job done by your govt.one side is reservation and other side huge fee colleges. I really want to become doctor we are not going to become superpower when we not invest in education and only in education

0 3 Cm ho ya pm ..dm ho ya sp sabke liye ek hi Sikhs niti

0 0 Previous year mci and supreme court of India introduced neet-ug exam for admission in all medical colleges for mbbs course to favour merit. Sir you know in India private sector medical colleges are more than public sector (govt)  medical colleges.there is huge hike in tuition fee in medical colleges even in some colleges more than 20 lakes per annum so how a middle class family afford this. Those colleges whose fee is just 5 lakh increase its fee to 12 to 23 lakh in single year. This is not fair

1 0 I dont want reservation to be ended i just want ssc to conduct exam fairly without any mismanagement... Pls sir pay heed to ssc. Coz this deprtment can truly help inun achieving ur dream of make in india ..

2 0 Resp. Prime Minister Sir, The very concept of 'Preparing for Exam' need change to 'Preparing for Gaining Knowledge'. Present scenario is Read Guides instead of Text Books, Join Coaching Classes instead Attending Classes, Solve last 5-10 years exam papers and write answers and Score More so as to get Good Job. This scenario need to change to 'Acquire Knowledge, Understand Its Importance and Use It In Daily Life' How? By changing pattern of Exam More stress on Practicals and Real Life projects

1 0 This cgl 16 was conducted online but unfortunately it has snatched the real transparency .the server issue is inevitable..students are crying but ssc is happy.chairman is saying student who faved server problem its their bad luck..totally reckless statement .even i am loosing 15 marks in cgl 16 tier 2 and having no prof of it. Thousands of students have worked hard now inefficient server is ruinjng ttheir dreamsdreams.pls sir pay attnetion here.conduct cgl 16 tier 2 again in a fair manner.tnku

1 0 A very good evening sir
I am an ssc cgl we all know ssc is a constitutional body and the second biggest exam conducting body after UPSC for different group B and group C posts. Bt unfortunately in todays scenario it has lost its authenticity in the eyes of students. Cheating malpractices mismanagement etc has touched the sky. And a laborious student is the real sufferer of tthis inefficiency and adding fuel to this fire ssc is paying no heed towards this. It just says everything is ok but no..

0 0 DEAREST PM SIR ,SRIMAN NA MO JI /SAHEB /SIR , THIS IS TO SUBMIT HUMBLY AND RESPECTFULLY .1. MY 2 PUBILC GRIEVANCES WITH UNION MINISTRY OF POWER FOR WHICH YOU ARE THE HEAD /PMO NOT SOLVING SINCE MAY 2014 ,SINCE YOUR MINISTER OF STATE MR.PIYUSH GOYAL AND I.S.JHA CMD /POWERGRID /GURGOAN ,HARYANA ARE CLOSED THEIR ALL PANCHENDRIYAS FOR NO REASONS .I REQUESTED YOUR PUBLIC GRIEVANCE MACHINERY WITH PMO SINCE 3 + YEARS NOT ACTING EXCEPT DOING A POSTAL DISPATCH CLERK JOB, SEND MY PETITIONS TO SECRETARY PO

0 0 G eve sir. In competative exams obc canditates are requested to pay exam fees upto 50 rs to 750 rs. So most of canditates not apply for exams due to money problem. My humble request pls do the needful. thanks

0 0 It is necessary to understand topic of subjects, instead of memorizing the topic content. In fact now all profanations courses entries are through entrance tests therefore scoring high in board exam under such a tension is no more required.
Off-course we are planning to weed out "Ratta system" of British rule.It is wastage of time,money and energy to memories poems,essay or any content which does not test any skills except memory.

0 0 DEAREST PM SIR ,SRIMAN NA MO JI /SAHEB /SIR , THIS IS TO SUBMIT HUMBLY AND RESPECTFULLY .1. MY 2 PUBILC GRIEVANCES WITH UNION MINISTRY OF POWER FOR WHICH YOU ARE THE HEAD /PMO NOT SOLVING SINCE MAY 2014 ,SINCE YOUR MINISTER OF STATE MR.PIYUSH GOYAL AND I.S.JHA CMD /POWERGRID /GURGOAN ,HARYANA ARE CLOSED THEIR ALL PANCHENDRIYAS FOR NO REASONS .I REQUESTED YOUR PUBLIC GRIEVANCE MACHINERY WITH PMO SINCE 3 + YEARS NOT ACTING EXCEPT DOING A POSTAL DISPATCH CLERK JOB, SEND MY PETITIONS TO SECRETARY PO

1 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir  , I want to suggest that Before last final preparation of Exams ,All students should practice Yoga like Pranayam and Deep Meditation everyday  ,this will help them to reduce there stress and tensions regarding there final preparation of exams and improve there brain and mind power both and it will help them to outperform in there final exams and they will score more and more marks .This practice of Yoga will help them to secure bright results in there final exams.

0 0 Govt needs to clear the stand for students who are OCI & PIO holders. What is the criteria. Why do such students have to pay more fees to get into colleges.

2 0 There should be Transparency in job exams at state and all India exams.
There is lot of corruption in job exams.

1 0 1)For Student create a new website like Wikipedia. Includes study material like videos in that website.
2)Govt.  Sites (gov.in) is  free  for  internet  users (Broadband, Mobile data (BSNL/ Private companies). With the aid of Govt please give BSNL customer's Wikipedia is free. Wikipedia is helpful for people especially students to increase their knowledge

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,
                     सादर प्रणाम,
                               में पाठक स्कूल अमरेली का छात्र जय काथरोटिया हु। पिछलेदिनों मेंने और मेरी स्कूल के संचालक श्री विजयसर महेता की मदद से  हमारी स्कूलके कई छात्र ने मिलकर "मन की बात " के लिए अपने विचार प्रकट करके लिखे थे । और इस तरह आपकी  इस प्रवृति के माध्यम से हमें विकास के जन आंदोलन का हिस्सा बनने का मौका मिला इस लिए हम आपके आभारी हे। मेंने अपने विचार और बाकि छात्र के विचार PDF file में इनके साथ जोड़े हे।

1 0 Respected PM of INDIA,
I would like to express my suggestions on G.S.T slab on Telecom services(mainly on mobile bills). I came to know that mobile bills comes under 18% slab,if it comes under 12% slab poor and middle class people will benefited. Now a days mobile is necessary for every purpose, mainly for DIGITAL INDIA which we all are working for. If telecom services become costlier people may deviate from using digital services. They simply switch to other NON-DIGITAL processes.

0 0 my idea is to first cancel the Quota system in job oriented exams/entrance exams etc because the youth is the building block of the nation.And due to Quota system Unreserved candidate suffers a lots of problems even after scoring good marks in exams he/she not get the job or admission just because of category.For example SSC exam,one student(general) become inspector after getting 400+ marks,SC/ST/OBC become at only 350+.So, at last its a humble request please cancel the Quota system in job exam

0 0 Respected Modi ji
If anyone registered his/ herself online in a PGI.there will be no serial number, room no. & time in respected deptt. But inspite of this he / she put stand in line i think it does not fulfill the purpose of online registration in hospital.you are requested to you to look into this matter.
Thanks

1 0 Sir, I am a medical student studying in a private medical college admitted through NEET 2016. Sir,  I belong to a middle class family whose parents can not afford the high amount of fee asked by our college. Please tell me sir what should I do. Should I give up my dream of becoming a doctor or should I let my parents give each and penny they have.Even though my parents do so they can't pay my whole fee which is 17lakh per year. It is 10lakh rupees more then last year fee. what is benefit of NEET

0 0 Dear Modi ji,
I felt good with what Khurshed Batliwala(Engineer,Spiritual person) spoke about Education.
Please go through the link in youtube :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Rl1GBpnU00.
Please consider this.

2 0 Dear modi sir, SAY NO TO RESERVATION SYSTEM IN INDIA BASED ON CAST...,"RESERVATION FOR POOR NOT FOR CAST" then only india is going to be developed country otherwise it is developing country till the end of "KALIYUGA".

1 0 My view's are that first their should be a common all India syllabes and examination board also coaching should be banned and school and parents should be responsible for results and child orientation and his carrier

1 0 Sir this nation has lot of hopes on you sir.please say dood bye to reservation system on the basis of cast.sir intelligent student cant get jobs in india only SC or ST students get jobs .Even govt employees chailds also having reservation under SC,ST category sir.is it necessory to provide reservation for govt employee's chailds.sir there are so many people from unreserved category those donot have monney to pay their daily expences.please sir many people having faith on MODI SIR.PLEASE SIR...

0 0 Sir garib ke leye kohi kaam he, toh batayea?

0 0 Respected PM Sir
i am writing this letter not regarding Education its about job.
Sir,
with due respect i want to say that Sir i am from assam,and a unemployed graduate as well.
recently igot a add for jr.asst in forest department ofAssam.I had also paid the amount in the dept offorest,and the last date of submission is in 31st jan2017.Sir i hadpaid the money before 10 days yet now i am not able to get the application form.
Sir plzzzz help me out from this problem 1018949 my acknowledge.no

0 0 Respected PM,
My idea is attached.
Devaki
Mysuru

0 0 Sir school ki fee bahut jyada hai :
Garib studant padh nahi paa rahe hai. Please dhayan dijiye

0 0 Sir,
The engineering education system in india is totally failed because of the business interest of institute rather than providing quality of education and various flaws in engineering program.
even we are going for digital india but we are still studying very old syllabus and pattern which is not accordance to current industry demand.
the second reason is the we are hiring qualified faculties not passionate faculties and believe me we have great faculties in india.

0 0 Sir, besides my earlier points requiring serious attention, A. Population explosion, B. Corruption, there are the following equally important issues: 1. Housing rules which permit 85 to 90% of plot covered area, a house/flat is more of a pigeon hole 2. Working of babus in any public utility is horrible, 3. Most of the Govt scheme allocations (funds) target particular group/classes, what about others equally deprived, 4. Slogan is creation of multistory housing, but rules are such there is no lov

0 0 Sir
Give them reason and motivation to study hard because our Nation is waiting for the NationBuilders.
Jai Hind..!!

3 0 Respected Sir, 
Thanks for giving us an opportunity to share our thoughts. 
Following are my thoughts. 
1. Students should learn by doing Practicals in subjects like Science and Maths from their lower classes like 5th Standard onwards. This will improve the Researchand Development Scenario in India. Bring in lot of Innovation in India.
2. Standardisation of Education across all the schools of India. 
Thanks and regards,
Yours faithfully,
Ushakirana. R. Bhat

0 0 Sir, please consider the ideas given in the attached file.

0 0 namaste ji,
we need neet in tamilnadu, please bring good edu system to tamilnadu

0 1 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ,
देश के लोगो को ज्यादा से ज्यादा डिजिटल बनाने के लिये इस बजट मे ये प्रावधान कर दीजिये की जिन भी लोगो पर जी एस टी लागू होता है वो अपने परचेज  की पेमेन्ट सिर्फ बैंक के माध्यम से ही कर पायेंगे ओर 3000 या 5000 से ज्यादा के खर्चो का भुगतान भी बेंक के माध्यम से जरूरी हो , जिसे केश मे करने पर इनकम टेक्स मे खर्चा अयोग्य हो जाये .
इसी तरह भविष्य मे 5000 या 10000 से ज्यादा का सामान बेचने पर दुकानदार को डिजिटल मध्यम से भुगतान लेना जरूरी कर दीजिये .

0 0 Namaste Sir, 
This is my humble request to you that please increase the age limit of clerk post in govt banks for general category.
I have many things to tell you but i know i am late to login.
But still i hope that you will consider my view.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान मॅत्री जी
जीप्रणाम पाठ्यक्रम मे वैदिक गणीत को शामील करवाये

0 0 Namaste adarniya Pradhan mantri Modi ji,
Please see my letter attached herewith....

1 0 परम आदरणीय प्रधान मॅत्री जी
 प्रणाम देश मे शिक्षा के छेत्र मे जो प्रतिभावान गरिब छात्र हॅ आज प्राइवेट स्कुलो की मॅहगी फीस के कारण आगे पढाई नही कर पाते इस ओर यदि ध्यान दिया जाय और बिना भेद भाव के प्रतिभावान छात्रों को सरकारी नौकरी मिले एॅव सरकारी स्कुलो मे शिक्षा का सुधार हो और प्राइवेट स्कुल वाले जो मन मानी फीस लेकर शिक्षा को व्यवसायी करण किया है उस पर रोक लगे  न सरकारी नौकरी मे पदस्थ नराजनेताओं के बच्चे सिर्फ सरकारी स्कुल मे ही पढ़े तो अपने आप शिक्षा का सुधार हो जायगा

0 0 Mr Pm,
I just want to say that students should focus on their strenghts rather than thinking about future results. Also, education system need to change its basic structure.

0 0 Dear Modi Jee
I am Medical Doctor. I currently work in Uttarakhand. I have previously worked in USA. I have suggestion/idea to bring a significant change in the Indian health system.
I want to suggest to have a common portal where it should be mandatory for any health professional to work on it. By that i mean a digital health system, where it should be mandator for any health care provider to work on it. For example, as a doctor, when a pt visits me, i should be able to assess his/ health rec

0 0 Hon. Pradhan Mantri                      Shri Narendra Modiji,
Jaihind and Namasthe Sir.
My post into your App on the matter is not exactly related to the Man Ki Baat reg board exam preparations by youngsters to be aired on 29 Jan 17. However, it is relalted to educational prospects and injustice to a small but important cross section of students pursuing engineering graduate studies after diploma in engg from polytechnic colleges in our nation. Kindly look into the matter ASAP sir

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,आपसे निवेदन है की देश सुरक्षा में लगे सेना के जवानों के लिए और आर्म्स उपकरणों के ऑटोमेशन पर अधिक से अधिक बजट लगवाएं और अभी तो नोट्बंदी से हमने अपने स्रोतों में भी इजाफा किया है. आप चाहो तो सब होगा और अभी नहीं तो कभी नहीं होगा. आज देश के सैनिक हिम तूफान से अपने प्राण नहीं बचा प् रहे हैं, सीमा पर लगातार शहीद हो रहे हैं, परन्तु हम टेक्नोलॉजी और संचार को लेकर आज भी कुछ मायनों में कमतर हैं. मेरे पिताजी देश रक्षा में शहीद हुए जब मै 2 वर्ष का था और उन्हें शौर्य चक्र मिला पर आज भी

2 0 Hon. Pradhan Mantri                      Shri Narendra Modiji,
Jaihind and Namasthe Sir.
I am a serving Army Officer writing to you through this forum regarding a serious injustice being meted out to the students pursuing professional engineering studies through polytechnic and/or diploma route, by denying them opportunities to continue the further engineering studies in the premier engineering institutes such as IITs and NITs etc. after completion of three year skill oriented engineering.

0 0 Students and parents should be told that "getting high marks is good, BUT, not getting high marks is *not end of life* ".
This will remove the stress out of the students and parents.
Moreover, in the long run, value-education should be added which will remove the copying/cheating by students/parents.

0 0 R/sir
  please provide education above 50 years age in the rural area due to cash lesh transaction at least read numbers and name, so above 35% pepole non educated in the indian rural area .

2 0 आदरणीय एवम् प्रिय प्रधानमन्त्री जी !
सादर अभिवादन ।
महोदय आज की शिक्षा व्यवस्था परीक्षा लेने और प्रमाणपत्र देने में ही अपनी महत्ता खो रही है ।इनमें आमूलचूल बदलाव की जरूरत महसूस अरसे से की जा रही है ।नयी शिक्षा नीति कब आएगी संशय बना हुआ है ।अध्यापक परंपरागत शिक्षण को मजबूर है ।आप इन बिंदुओं पर ध्यान देंगे यह आशा करता हूँ ।

0 0 Dear Sir,
I want help about the inter-cast, I just want to say, first I belong to the category open, (Hindu-Maratha), i am having love with the lower cast girl she belong to category NT(Hindu- Dhangar), we want to marry but her parents are not ready to accept this inter-cast marriage because they are thinking what the people from society will say about us.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister I am csc center In My Village  (Narayanpur) In Ganjam Dist. in odisha . i have no internet in my centre in two months bilow .bsnl all staff is not responsible my promble .many peoples are so harashment in my csc centre . so u request to my problem thanks fully my mob no is 09439599390

0 0 so our love,believe in our this .gov,,,to take bold step for disabilities person,every state,I am complain ,,just say pratical thinking,bus,railway,give same features to help disabilities to travel,no need money help,we won't to do something.I suggested to gov,to appointment disabilities secter,for disabilities person,bz they understand disabilities filling,pain,,thak to opportunities to share my opnion,my self nabajyoti das,m.c.a student,I hope sir understand my filling,pain,joury to this stare

0 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER,
I would like to share my opinion related to preparations for competitive exams.First of all the marks secured in competitive exams should be accepted by private companies for recruitment purpose so that only deserving candidates get the opportunity to serve our nation.Secondly online courses should be easily available to students who are preparing for exams but are not able to get proper guidance due to poor financial condition.And.no reservation in education sector.

0 0 Dear
    Sir I am nabajyoti das,handicap person,we all believe to u,keep chang environment our society,lot of ngo working in india,but ground level is different,faculty to declerd by gov,but no work done,time to chang environment.to join disabilities person to come main stream in our society,need education,selfish empowerment,to instruct private company,collage,university to accept disabilities person for employe,sir,,I am a m.c.a student,lot of struggle in my life,that's way ,I wish to chang

1 0 Reservation System DE-moralise the preparation of exams of students.
"Remove Reservation ,Respect Merit"

0 0 Dear, Prime Minister.....
As per my view ,sir all competitive exam mai as a SSC CGL and SSC CHSL10+2 and many more exams mai sir hindi language ko  english ke sath  choice language banya jaye because all students are not eduacated in english medium school jis wajah s bahut student in exam ko ni de pate so plz i requested sir plz hindi medium student k liye v english and hindi choice language banao exam me jisse wo apna future bna sake.......

0 0 First of all I want to thanks our beloved Prime minister for giving this opportunity to share our views. I want to divert honourable Prime Misnister's attention towards irregularities occurred in Combined Graduate Level Examination-2016 conducted by Staff Selection Commission. The exam was conducted in online mode. The server was very slow, even questions were not shown properly on the screen. During final submission of questions many of us found that actual attempt was not shown.(Video attached

0 0 Modi sir ,
 i have a suggestion for student that student should make a patience during examination and maintain discipline in exam . Student should make their mood happily .

0 0 Modi sir ,
 i have a suggestion for student that student should make a patience during examination and maintain discipline in exam . Student should make their mood happily .

0 0 Exams are just an analysis done by third party who calculate only marks..! A student has lot more to do for this Nation than scoring only high marks, So do well and score till you get the key of pass. Do not waste your time by reappearing. Just use the key correctly to open the door of your future and move forward..!

0 0 #PMonRadio
We are expecting thella wala, every common man to join digital india and do all the transactions using mobile/cc/debit card for daily usage.
But as usual biggest culprit are most of the gov services, they accept only cash.
In last 30 days I have visited 3-4 gov operated offices and all uses cash.
1. Pune ST stand
2. Pune RTO
3. Mumbai ST stand.
These all org deals with lakhs and crores daily. Why don't they accept cc/mobile?
You have to answer.

0 0 As per my ( Saatwik Jain ) view ,
 As per my view , Board exams should be done in the same school.....because if we are sending board inspectors to every school that what is the requirement of sending students to different schools...??  It means that either we are not trusting the Inspectors or we are not trusting our students...
PLease tell students ....

0 0 MY REQUEST TO YOU IS THAT IN MAN KI BAAT YOU WILL TELL STUDENTS GETING GOOD MARKS IS NOT GUARANTEE OF SUCCESS.IF YOU GET LESS MARKS THAN IT DOES NOT MEAN YOUR LIFE IS FINISHED.
I AM GET HEARTED BY LISTENING NEWS.ONE STUDENT DIED BECAUSE HE DIDNOT GET RANK UNDER TOP100 IN EXAM OF IITEXAM.
ANOTHER A GIRL WHO WAS A TOPPER OF IIT BOMBAY UPTO 7 SEMESTERS IN B.TECH.SHE WAS HIGHEST MARKS SCORERER.BEFORE THE FINAL EXAM SHE FELT THAT WHAT IF SHE DIDNOT GET GOLD MEDAL.ON THATDAY SHE COMMITED SUICIDE

0 0 Some major problems faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical , other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

0 0 Children appearing for examination should not concentrate only on the mark scoring or percentile but they should understand that examination is nothing but a translation of their hard effort in study/learning which is to be converted into words in the answer sheets. It is none other than their confidence which will bring good marks. Keep believing in yourselves.
ये लक्ष्य कठिन,
पर अभेद्य नहीं।
चल राह पकड़,
दृढ़ कर नयन।।
अनमोल बडा,
तेरा विद्याधन।
हे किशोर मन,
उठ, कर प्रण।।

0 0 Dear sir, the exams of many young students are around the corner. We should support the 21st century generation. No matter how well their grades are in the board exams, their future cannot be decided by these exams!  Edison once quoted" A single sheet of paper cannot decide my future".
The greatest minds on this globe were never good at grades.

1 0 Dear Sir, humble request behalf of all real Indian talents that please cancel reservation in education. Every student study from same books, same teacher teaches him and all of them solves same exam paper then why system should makes difference of category and cast for future admission.
•When all students are studying at same level it means opportunity has given to everybody then admission for future education should be given on merit basis.
•Even financial background of open or general catego

0 0 SIR AS I AM ALSO AN YOUNGSTER AND I WILL ALSO BE APPEARING TO MY BOARD EXAMS MY SUGGESTION IS THAT TO REDUCE THE UNNECESSARY PROJECTS WORK AS MY SUGGESTION THE CBSC BOARD HAVE UNIVERSAL BOOK THEY SHOULD DECIDE UNIVERSAL PROJECTS AND THE ART AND CREATIVITY SHOULD BE SHOWN BY THAT UNIVERSAL PROJECT. STUDENTS AS WELL AS I AM ALSO THINK ABOUT THE PROJECT AND CANT CONSUNTRATE IN MY STUDIES. AND MY LAST SUGGESTION IS THAT THE PROJECT WORK GIVEN SHOULD BE PRACTICAL

0 0 SIR
     I AM A STUDENT PREPARING FOR NEET MEDICAL ENTRANCE EXAM 2017. NOTIFICATION FOR  NEET HAS NOT BEEN COME OUT TILL DATE. BUT, IT IS KNOWN FROM NEWSPAPER THAT ONLY 3 CHANCES WILL BE ALLOWED FOR APPEARING THE EXAM. I AM COMING FROM A BACKWARD PLACE IN KERALA AND I HUMBLY REQUEST THAT THIS CHANGE MAY BE EFFECTED IN NEXT YEAR ONWARDS OTHERWISE THE UNEXPECTED DECISION WILL AFFECT THE CHANCE OF POOR STUDENTS STUDYING FOR THE NEET EXAM FOR THE LAST YEARS.

1 0 sir, students are mostly wasting their time in writing unnecessary assignments and its time to change the education practices. Young students are carrying burdens in the form of bags and their creative levels are suppressed and they are taught to give more importance to ranks and grades than the actual knowledge. It's better to bring students under one roof which enhances their creativity. In Andhra Pradesh there are factories which are brain washing students to concentrate only on ranks.

0 0 Passionate teachers can serve the nation & produce lot of talent for the country. All factors patents , teachers, students all played very important role to clear the exam in my opinion hence if hardwork & passion is there than definitely we all get the success.

0 0 Whole year students work Hard near about 15 Hrs/ Day (08 Hrs. in school,04 Hrs in tuition classes,03 Hrs at home)Parents should behave friendly with their children during exam time. Help in studies like at study time make a tea & coffee for our children. Don't give extra burden of result (Percentage). Bye a small-small gift like chocolate, sweets etc. for your children give .
Do not discussed at home on percentage or admission for higher study. Maintain a positive atmosphere of home.

0 0 For exams, students should understand that exam is similar to a performance art, like you act or sing or dance on stage or draw a stroke of ink on canvas i.e. once done, you can hardly revert and you would make yourself miserable to make it up. What professional artists in performance art do is that they practise the same thing for thousand times before they appear in front of the audience. To do good in exam, students need to do the same. All the best to all who will appear in exams this year.

0 0 Sir,
I would like to suggest that in our schools Yoga and Vaidik education like Vaidik Math and Physics must be taught to give our kids the same education which was in practice before Britishers spoiled our education system. Thank you.

1 0 Realize the essence of True Education...

0 0 District administration need to develop a area for residence means plotting with all necessary basic amenities.It will make our cities beautiful. The developed cities will be look clean,spacious etc.
In the absence of this, people need to buy plot from local small builders.where basic amenities are not available.

0 0 Sir,Like train truck drive life also play major role in Indian economy like arteries of human body.
also they mostly are away from family to fulfill need of nations who lived in city.
life is running like very dangerous on road ,sir right now ,i dont have any idea but we need to do something for them .
        also i am thinking what we can do
 Thanks Sir,
Prakash Tashildar
 Kolhapur (Maharashtra)

1 0 "Mann ki baat"for students:
What matters in exams is the knowledge we gain so, just clear all concepts instead of running in the mad race of high scores because ultimately, knowledge matters more than marks.

0 0 Sir Its very unfortunate that the intelligence in my country is judged by the numbers/grades on a piece of paper.Let higher secondary education be compulsory for all citizens.There should be no fails.Students below the percentile of average should be given option of skill development programme at tender age of 14-16 yrs partially sponsored by the Government.Every citizen has a birth right to contribute towards nation's development."Har haath ek kaam"Jai Hind #PMonRadio,#AIR,#MannKiBaat,#MyGov

0 0 sir bachcho ko agar sirf unke mata pita aur teachers ka sath mil gaya vo kuch bhi kar sakte hai jaruri is bat ki hai is exam time me mata pita bachcho ka khash dhyan rakhe aur uspe mark jyada lane ka dabav na dale to vo khud hi acha perform karega

0 0 Dear Sir,
Thanks in advance for your comment.
With the inspiration from you after you became P.M we have started social service in Gujarat in Baruch district for Adivasi children school.
Sir pls have a look pls.....my aspiration is to continue the same to till i alive.this a team work with my colleagues and they also feel very good we have been started since 2014.
                               MY concern is
       PLs we need to look in Truck driver life,how we make simple.

0 0 भय कभी भी किसी सफल व्यक्ति की सफलता का राज नहीं रहा है| तो फिर इसे हम इसे अपने जीवन में प्रवेश क्यों दें| विपिन चौहान, देहरादून

0 0 HELLO SIR,I HAVE AN IDEA TO HELP THE PEOPLE AS WELL AS IT WILL DEVELOP THE COUNTRY(is my thought only).IT IS MY DREAM TO IMPLIMENT THE IDEA,FOR THIS I WANT TO MEET YOU TO EXPLAIN MY IDEA.PLEASE GRANT ME A PERMISSION TO MEET YOU.THANKING YOU..

1 0 ‘Mann Ki Baat’ for students
Since, this is Exam time means a very crucial phase of a student's life as the result will determine the destiny and future path of his life. But, the most important thing which matters is that "Hard Work always pays." & Education doesn't merely implies marks or grades. True Education is something which stays with us always and need not be revised again & again. The Knowledge & the Values we imbibe in ourselves make us educated. So, work hard & value time.

0 0 Students work very hard round the year and lose their confidence at such a crucial time.All you need to do is just believe that you are best and you will crack it whether it is JEE or boards, you have done enough preparations needed to do so..!Start solving as many practice papers you can with setting alarm clock at the same hours of the day as of your final examinations.To concentrate and increase brains`efficiency by having 6hr sleep, meditating, following time table,listen white noise,relax

0 0 I wish to Hon'ble Prime Minister to talk about on the importance of the PULSE POLIO AS 29-01-2017 IS "NATIONAL PULSE POLIO DAY"

0 0 Hi, sir.
My view for student that they should show faith in teachers, should not worry about their result & be focused while preparation, social sites should be avoided. 
Thanks#mannkibaat

0 0 Reservation according to cast is politically  motivated  hurting a lot of students . General category students scoring 80%-90%  don't get admission in any good institutes while reservation category scoring 30-40% get through top universities . we request a fair chance for all with subsidies for bright students from economically weaker section

0 0 Sir, heartening to see Dubai's tallest tower with tricolor decoration by digital beaming on the eve of republic day. Let us do that in India in all the tallest tower or building of each city during ind day/rep day. All industrial high rise chimneys can be put to use.  Central IT ministry should find means to encourage and implement. The spirit will enlighten the inner feelings of fellow citizens like never before.

1 0 In my view students going to face board exams should not take load of study they should set their goals and accordingly study their storng zone and weak zones and revision is must .Do not take lot of tension study with enjoyment and do little meditation and feel from inside that i want to acheive this not for my parents but for myself do or die is old fashion do it before you die is new one.All the students hope you all do well

0 0 Sir many of youngsters are studying day and night to do better in the exams. Though all will not get 99%. The problem with many a students is their career. Surely each one has exceptional quality where they can do better. With many a students problem lies in proper counselling in this period. You will do a historical decision,should you announce formation of counselling camps headed by well known experts particularly in small towns and rural areas headed by district or state level officials

0 0 Teaching Profession ha sbecome the Last Option of Youth now.Government must see that Capable Youth take up Teaching profession at all levels more particularly at Elementary and High School Level Education.

0 0 practice yogic breathing to concentrate and relax. Avoid outside play during exam days to avoid finger injury and immobility  . Take help of internet for fundamental clarification in the absence of immediate counselling. Do not leave any topic untouched. Selective reading make students jittery and low in confidence . Lastly take blessing of parents before exam.

0 0 Dear Honorable PM Modi ji kindly fill all the government vacancies we are preparing for competitive exams, Eagerly waiting for all related government vacancies. Kindly fill it this year and waiting for your announcement more than 20lakhs vacancies available right now.  Help me all the young stars

0 0 R/S PM sir. sometimes number of students appear for exam only for marks oriented,its important to apply or prepare exam by considering practical approach,basic understanding of subject which is important for getting knowledge from same subject.mark oriented exam not develop your employable skill which important in technical field,not useful for personal growth and not for nation development. The books only gives the information,students need skill to convert that information into knowledge.

0 0 Dear Students, I am a graduate candidate from Patna university. I have been through matric exam, intermediate exam and Of course my graduation exams. But what i learned from these exams is that if i take my study very seriously then i score less but as soon i started loving my subjects i realised that my marks started to increase. So, i want to say only one thing and that is "LOVE YOUR STUDY" and do not give your exam in tension. The more you will love your study the better will be your result

0 0 Modi sir
Please read my attached script

0 0 Dear Sir, 
Please ban on wall posters, and banners. if we can do this the india became very quikly as swatch bharat. give for seperate space for those advertisments.

0 0 Dear Sir, Please announce a Spl scheme to stop Farmers suicide. Free Education to Poor students from all religions. Continue Income tax rids without disturbs. Please instruct Hospitals and Scan centres to install online trasations.

0 0 परीक्षाएं नजदीक आने के साथ ही बच्चों में तनाव डिप्रेशन भी बढ़ने लगता है जिसे दूर करना बहुत जरूरी है
 सभी 7-8 घंटे की भरपूर नींद ले सुबह समय पर स्नान आदि के बाद ध्यान करें इन दोनों से ही एकाग्रता शक्ति भी बढ़ती है और अपने बड़े बुजुर्ग लोगों दादा-दादी आदि के साथ शाम को रोज 30-40 मिनट बिताएं रात में ज्यादा देर तक पढ़ाई ना करें इससे आपको पर बुरा प्रभाव पड़ता है। अपने आप को स्वस्थ रखना भी एक बड़ी परीक्षा ही है स्वस्थ जीवन के लिए ये नियम सभी को अपनाना चाहिए।

0 0 Dear Sir,
Most of the waste scattered across a place comes with the fact that no dustbin is available around them to dump it. So, make sure to install fixed dustbin within proper interval whether in residential or any market or on side walk of the roads.

0 0 R/s sir
Today I am very upset to view something that is reservation I am student and preparing for compitation exam I attached the file related with it I want to ask you that is parent of student who belongs GENERAL CATEGORY has money plant in there home that they plucked money from it and give there sons for fillings forms how much reservation giving to SC/ST is there any limit or not please think about it.Is fundamental right of equality is only for written in our constitution not for apply

0 0 At present days, Cheating is a most growing thing in exams.. Thats why real talent is being demolishing.
There should be a strict examination system.
And nowadays we are still following the education started by Lord Mackalay. A british governor.
Ithink it should be some how change. In another type which should practical base.

0 0 "ALL THE BEST " for those who appaering different-different exams in this year.
I request to the government that,s please remove reservation in education field.
Thank you

0 0 Hello modi ji please save UP from politics,we need you ......

0 0 Narendra Modi G Please Gen,SC,ST AND OBC wala ye system please ise close krdijiye. Me GENERAL category ka student hu or ye hmare talent m kbi na kbi category matter aa hi jata..so please ise vichaar kijiye

0 0 namaskar modiji  i am damodar shanbhag karanatak the student not ataion to exam because of no pasion so stdent become angry illness so my suggstion is in class weekly 3 day conduct class to yoga in period time.student became good smartness good slince in exam

1 0 कारन, गरीब का बेटा गरीब कयॊ है? Large percentage of Engineers, Scientists, Researchers are false in this country?
Most of the exceptional talent or students are poor.
After the studies or for career growth, they have no money to fill the entrance exams, to travel for exams or interview. They have no time because they have no money.
They are already loaded with education loans.
I have seen poor talents are begging for an opportunity from counselors door to door.
click https://goo.gl/vcwMYL

1 0 महोदय प्रणाम‌
 रोक थाम की तमाम कोशिशो के बावजूद हर परीक्षा मे खासतौर पर प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओ मे नकल माफियाओ का मकड़जाल फैलता ही जा रहा है जिसके चलते हर साल‌ लाखो प्रतिभावान छात्र छात्राओ को उनका नैसर्गिक अधिकार नही मिलने से प्रतिभावान छात्र हताशा और कुन्ठा मे घिरते जा रहे है।
आप से निवेदन है कि समस्त‌ परीक्षाओ मे शुचिता को कायम रखने के लिये ठोस दिशा निर्देश एवम कठोर कानून बनाने तथा इन दिशा निर्देशो व‌ ‍कानून का कडाई से अनुपालन सुनिश्चित‌ कराने की कृपा करे।नकल विहीन परीक्षा प्रणाली की अपेक्षा है

0 0 I AM inviting your kind attention on matter of the Results (provisional) published for the exam of JUNIOR ACCOUNTANT AND TEHSIL REVENUE ACCOUNTANT 2013, by Rajasthan public selection commission,I Abhay Kr Sethia with roll no. 482508, with the category of General, NCC cand., is declared as not selected with the fact that I have qualified in both the papers separately as well as in aggregate also. THE MATTER IS THAT THE RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY.

0 0 I am inviting your kind attention on Complains on THE MATTER OF RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY. MY COMPLAIN CAN BE VIEWED AS on the Rajasthan Sampark portal with ID 11160722035360. Complain on the PMO-PG portal is as under 1.	PMOPG/E/2016/0479910. 2. PMOPG/E/2016/0516960. 3. PMOPG/E/2016/0503463. 4. PMOPG/E/2016/0541826. And​ 5.PMOPG/E/2017/0009163​.
PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHMENT AS IT IS VEER IMPORTANT. ALL THESE COMPLAIN ARE PENDING MORE THEN 60 DAYS.

0 0 I AM REQUESTING TO YOU TO PLEASE TAKE MOST URGENT ACTION ON MY COMMUNICATION TO PMO WITH  ID PMOPG/E/2017/0009163, AND ON PMOPG/E/2016/0541826.

0 0 Namaste Dadaji
आपके माध्यम से मैं सभी बच्चे जिनकी इस वर्ष बोर्ड परीक्षाएं है यह कहना चाहता हूँ की आप परिणाम की चिंता ना करे अपना १०० फीसदी पढाई में दें | जैसा की हमने देखा पिछले वर्ष कश्मीर में इतने तनाव के वावजूद वहाँ के            ज़्यादा से ज़्यादा  बच्चो ने सफलता हासिल की है | अगर आप  हिम्मत और लगन से  अपना काम करेंगे तोह आपको कोई नही रोक सकता| #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKibaat #MyGov

0 0 PM Sir,
In "Mann Ki Baat" I REMEMBER TO PM SIR,YOU PROVIDE "SKILL INDIA" Apprenticeship Trainee(Engineering Students) by boat.nr Kanpur ,candidate work on many companies/ organisations but after 1 year complete trainee,but which companies, where these students are worked . Please sir incoming buggett-2017 or any scheme provide to which save the future of Trainees students,or any practical test/ interview etc.after chance in gov. companies/org.

0 0 प्रधान मंत्री जी आप ही एक आखिरी उमीद हो आप से हाथ जोड़कर विनती है की आप राजस्थान राज्य पथ परिवहन की तरफ थोड़ा सा ध्यान दो वह के कर्मचारियों को दो महीने से सैलरी नहीं मिली और कर्मचारियों में रोष आपकी पार्टी के खिलाफ बढ़ता जा रहा है में खुद बीजेपी समर्थक हु लेकिन अब ऐसी स्थिति हो गयी है की कर्मचारियों का विश्वास आपके प्रति ख़तम होता जा रहा है तो कृपया सर आप से बहोत उमीदे है आप देश के लोगो की जान हो सर

0 0 प्रधान मंत्री जी आप ही एक आखिरी उमीद हो आप से हाथ जोड़कर विनती है की आप राजस्थान राज्य पथ परिवहन की तरफ थोड़ा सा ध्यान दो वह के कर्मचारियों को दो महीने से सैलरी नहीं मिली और कर्मचारियों में रोष आपकी पार्टी के खिलाफ बढ़ता जा रहा है में खुद बीजेपी समर्थक हु लेकिन अब ऐसी स्थिति हो गयी है की कर्मचारियों का विश्वास आपके प्रति ख़तम होता जा रहा है तो कृपया सर आप से बहोत उमीदे है आप देश के लोगो की जान हो सर

0 0 A small poem shared on some ideas on how to tackle this education emergency called board examination and transform it into a nation wide celebration by collective effort....Education: A non-zero sum game

0 0 Right from the Kindergarten to Higher education, every students should be nourished well with their role to be imported to the society and communal harmony with others.  It can be achieved only when every students should get involved themselves with National Service Scheme & National Cadet Corps.  It must be taught as core in their curriculum.
It will bolster patriotism, develop their skills and enhances leadership qualities then. They feel that examinations will become part of their role.

1 0 Dear Mr. PM Shri Narendra Modi,
If you want to make this 'Mann Ki Baat' a breakthrough message to approx. 125 crore people of India and billions of people across the world, then please discuss this message.
Discussion will impact social issues in big scale.
This problem is obstruction for exceptional professionals & students or the people who have ability to change the world.
Major flaw in Indian higher education entrance and recruitment policy in PSUs.
click detail, https://goo.gl/vcwMYL

0 0 Dear students I know this is a very crucial phase for all of you as you are appearing the board exam but trust me by God's grace all of you will see the face of success. I can suggest some important tips like first know the syllabus clearly. Second solve questions. Third prepare note for each subject. Fourth plan your time table and study.Fifth know your strengths and weakness. Sixth revise well.Seventh  last but not the least keep fit yourself. Take ample rest.don't be panic and all the best

0 0 respected pm modiji , first of all I thank u for opportunity u have provided us to give our views.our country is a country of youth. for employment large numbers of youth participate in comp.exams .but it is disappointing that some boards took much time than usual to conduct exams and declare results.for examples dsssb took seven to eight years to finalize a post.paper are cancelled after 3 to 4 years.which give much agonies to the participant.I request u to take some steps in this regard.thanks

0 0 CPGRAMS, the grievances redressal forum is not sensitive to the grievances fed into the portal.
The officials pass on the buck and there is no accountability. And as such the mechanisim is not people friendly and is not sensitve to the genuine peoples problems made as such by the insensitive  and irresponsible officials who should be made personally accountable and time frame  for redressal of grievances should be  strictly adhered to.

0 0 Use maximum time to preperations for their exams with social works.they should organise a group including educationally backward students and join their hands to uplift all.priovide little time to such students.while someone shares the subjects it will helps both to remember it forever.its much better then byheart learning.study with criticism.scoring is not important try best to built intellectuals n society.Be bold always.

0 0 माननीय वित्त मंत्री श्री जेटली जी से अनुरूध है कि ऐसी ग्रहणिया जो बेरोजगार हैं एवम उनके पति के पास भी कोई स्थाई रोज्गार नही हैं उन महिलाओ के लिये रोजगार स्थापित करने की दिशा में बज़ट मे ठोस कदम उठाये जाय एवम उन्हे कम से कम 1-२ लाख रुपया रोजगार स्थापित करने हेतु दिया जाय जिसकी गारंटी सरकार के द्वारा ली जाये एवम कम से कम 25 फीसदी लोन की सब्सिडी शाशन के द्वारा प्रदान की जाये एवम उसका समस्त ब्याज़ शाशन के द्वारा वहन की जाये जिससे यह महिला शशक्तिकरण मे मील का पत्थर साबित होगी , धन्यवाद

5 0 #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 do daily suryanamaskar and chant OM with mmmmmmm dragging to boost nitric oxide
google YOGA THE ONLY COMPLETE EXERCISE, PART 2 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
YOGA THE ONLY COMPLETE EXERCISE , INTERNATIONAL DAY OF YOGA JUNE 21ST - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SUPER BRAIN YOGA  REINVENTING THE WHEEL , MOBIUS COIL ACTIVATION,  SCALAR WAVE GENERATION BY BALANCING RIGHT AND LEFT HAND LOBES OF THE BRAIN,  SHANKHAPRAHATI -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

0 0 damodar shanbhag karanatak hubli
sir the student suffer from food in afternoon meals govt and isckon akshye patre stop meals its very far from city hubli nalanada polytechnic gadag road mantoor kindly open akshaye patre schme its helpfull to poor student.in karanatak hubli

0 0 damodar shanbhag karanatak hubli
your inspiration your mother my inspiration my country not education its development our state
respected modi sir feb 2 bugdet session kindly money santion to karanatak Hubli-ankola railway project that dreem about shree atal bhihari vajapayee its deveolpment of costal zone deveople ports and harbour since not resopnding any MP

0 0 Students who are of same calibre do not stand at the same level. It is observed that Students from autonomous or private colleges secure more marks than others. This results in unjust for the students at platforms like SSB selection for army etc, where basic criteria of selection are graduation Percentage. It will be helpful for the students if there is some uniformity in the Marking scheme of all the engineering colleges. It can be achieved by applying Percentile System

0 0 Respected sir ans Manyaneey PMji the education system in our India is well going.Even though there is many posts are empty in Elementary Schools.In our Telangaana State 16,826 Primary School posts are empty. The Elementary students were facing many problems ex:children goes to school by foot for 4-5 kms.

0 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINSTER
 REMOVE 60% MARKS CRITERIA from all competitive exam... it is not possible for everyone  to get 605 or any other ,marks criteria.  I also request you to please reduce fees of banking examination or any other else exam. ALL GENERAL CANDIDATE ARE NOT RICH . I AM ONE OF THEM. IN OUR COUNTRY THERE ARE TWO TYPE OF EDUCATION ONE FOR RICH ANOTHER FOR POOR. THOSE WHO ARE RICH GET GOOD QUALITY OF EDUCATION or VICE VERSA.. TRY TO IMPROVE OUR GOVT SCHOOL EDUCATION...

0 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINSTER
 REMOVE 60% MARKS CRITERIA from all competitive exam... it is not possible for everyone  to get 605 or any other ,marks criteria.  I also request you to please reduce fees of banking examination or any other else exam. ALL GENERAL CANDIDATE ARE NOT RICH . I AM ONE OF THEM. IN OUR COUNTRY THERE ARE TWO TYPE OF EDUCATION ONE FOR RICH ANOTHER FOR POOR. THOSE WHO ARE RICH GET GOOD QUALITY OF EDUCATION or VICE VERSA.. TRY TO IMPROVE OUR GOVT SCHOOL EDUCATION...

0 0 damodar shanbhag karanatak hubli
sir student appear  exam still problem is std facing money problem my suggstion is every govt primary to high school student every student create own std account daily govrment paid 5 rupee that monthly 150 cradit own bank account every stdent of goverment school that helps to future education to get help to every student not poor and rich.

0 0 PLESHE,MERA AGRAH HE KI MERI YAH IMEGE DOUNLOAD KARE READING KARIYE THODA TIME NIKALIYE

0 0 Manyaneey PMji the education system in our India is well going.Even though there is many posts are empty in Elementary Schools.In our Telangaana State 16,826 Primary School posts are empty. The Elementary students were facing many problems ex:children goes to school by foot for 4-5 kms.

0 0 Responsible means not literacy parents its means all the parents who are beside their child during education, during playing, never mind if you not understand their books but you till accompanies your child, then they will be success in their life, they will be victory in all examinations, then they will be a good responsible man in future.
                                        Thanking you,

0 0 Respected Modi Ji, As a middle class citizen of our beloved Bharat, I am privileged and honored to have u as PM of our country.I am glad and happy to observe the transformation of our country.Few suggestions i would like to give you as a citizen of this country.
1. Kindly make NCC compulsory for all students studying in our schools.This will make our coming generation more disciplined.
2. Develop a business module(B2C) for farmers so that they can sold their produce directly to end consumer.

1 0 Respected Prime Minister, Modiji, very special greetings and my best wishes for your whole hearted efforts for national building. My submission is that for students and teachers, MEDITATION should be promoted for concentration, mental piece, mental stability and conceptual clarity. My own experiences have shown that i got 46% in 10th, 48% in 12th and having 1 paper supplimentary in BSc(AG) then i started MEDITATION in 2ndYear and i was amazingly collage toper in BSc & got Gold Medal in MSc(AG).

0 0 Respected Sir,
	        In obedience herewith I beg to state that now all guardians try to make their children’s No.1 position in all ways therefore the children’s have gone their childhood, every child is special of their different ways, we are know that education is most important but playing is also important for our Child's because it’s improve their mind, their body for better  future. Teachers is backbone of our country but responsible parents are make their Childs is better.

0 0 Respected sir, tomorrow is pulse polio day. It would be great if people can hear the importance through mann ki baat.

0 0 The well resolved mind is single and one pointed but the purpose of the irresolute mind are many branched and endless
                ---BHAGWAD GITA
When you are in your student life you must attain certain qualities that makes your life beautiful and successful. The hidden force i.e. the concentration, which is available in every human being. Use this force of concentration during your exams to get 100% result. Focus your mind on one point so we get better result from it.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
We are IT professionals and We have recently come up with the Idea of changing the general office timing for employees.Currently it is 9am to 6pm for all.
According to me It should be 7am  to 3 pm as it is a perfect timing for everyone to balance their work life and personal life.
People will be more healthy and happy  
Regards,
Navneet

0 0 The caste system should be abolished I.e special seats should not  be granted to the minorities since they are not reallygualified for the post and t are  the cause for making India down

0 0 Respected Modi Ji,
Let there be more streams to choose for the students from 9th standard itself. Information Technology, Economics, Environmental science, Religious Studies, Art and Culture could be few to suggest. It shall relieve the students from the stress of studying the subject of not their choice at the same time there would be depth in studies. Further, Country needs world class universities to tap its human capital.Civility and studies of religion should also form part of syllabus.

0 0 Respected prime minister sir i am saying one line  our youngster who appears in exams for olny pass out or learn something about life why we do not approved knowledge base examination more practicals less theory our children got more sufficiant marks by this memory base exam and as they are qualified by 88% but realty is they dont write an application or fill a form with out help a other person please do something for betterment our education system and examination system  i hope DO so thanks.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Saheb,
I would like to submit here that the ARMY/AIRFORCE/NAVY/BSF OR ANY OTHER FORCEs who are posting in our Country's border areas and even internal postings who are protecting us from our enemies and social elements and who are expiring during the duties their families may be offered with some GOVERNMENT JOB EITHER IN CENTRAL OR STATE GOVERNMENT.  Since Govt is paying some amount to their families but it is not sufficient.

0 0 Respected sir,i want to put a major thing in front of you regarding competitive examinations. That is cast reservation. I want to state that if we want a castless society which was a dream of Mahatma Gandhi also it is a big huddle in this. 
Sorry but it's true...... So please think about it very early time.
                         Thank you

0 0 1) Alluddin khelgi  is  villen. But ranbir is  playing  thet  role. So sanjoy  lila banshali  is  trying  to make allauddin khilgi a  hero.So sanjoy  lila banshali should  be  arrested.
2) Akshay  kumars app for jawans  should get  popularity.

0 0 Respected Our Modiji there are many things to improve our education system.But First bring all students at one platform throughout India by making Maths and Science same syllabus in all the boards so that all the children can have equal chances to crack the various entrance examinations.

0 0 Demonetization help/rescue for NRIs *not* traveling back home till June 2017: Demonetization is a very good and necessary move to curb tax evasion, terrorism, and other grave concerns facing India, but please have Indian Consulates in USA accept demonetized INR currency notes after valid document verification. We have hard-earned INR here in USA under the legal limit, but we don't plan to travel back home till next year, so this money will be lost. Please help, thank you.

0 0 Teachers shape our future leaders and citizens and hence teachers who are well trained with high integrity  and commitment should be appointed purely on the basis of merit. To  encourage more people to take up the teaching job, we should set up Institutes on the lines of IIMs all over India where commited youngsters should be trained to take up the teaching job who can train the youngsters not only to be doctors and Engineers but good citizens and job creators.

0 0 rspctd pm i have already complaind about'BAN ON PORN SITES'is it not possible?in sept. month i have registered a complaint on www.pmmodi.in website.but i have got no respond at all  porn sites are useles so is it not possible to mak ban on dem or kya ye bath PM k kano tak pahuchi hi nahi.tenagers have sevrly got adicted to it.inspit i have also gone dinto depresiondue to these sites.did u no that in oct. or nov.month wen wifi was opened for patna railstation max.people wer busy on prn sites.

0 0 First of all I would like to thank our PM  for giving us an opportunity to share our views,Thank u sir!!
While talking about the exams,youngsters& teachers,we need consider about our education system,it provides more opportunities to all of us,but there are some defects also,for analysing and rectifying them there should be an education management system in India like  our administrative services.our students are more concentrating on securing more marks in exams rather than skill improvement!

0 0 Respected Sir,tomorrow is pulse polio day.it would be really great if people get to hear the importance through Mann ki baat.

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर नमन
 आधुनिक शिक्षा में परम्परा विलुप्त होती जा रही है जो देश और उसके देशवासी परम्पराओं को भूलकर अपने आप को बाजार का सौदा बना लेतें हैं,मानसिक गुलाम तो वह तभी बन जातें हैं । पिछले साठ वर्षों में हमें मानसिक गुलाम बना दिया गया है|आपसे आग्रह है की एक वैदिक शिक्षा बोर्ड की स्थापना की जाए और उसके कुलपति हमारे हिन्दू सनातन धर्म की परम्परा के अनुसार जगद्गुरु शंकराचार्य हों,जिससे की विद्यार्थियों का शारीरिक, आर्थिक और मानसिक दोहन की व्यवस्था बंद हो |

0 0 Recently a TV channel conducted a programme and asked youth why we are celebrating Republic day. Out of hundred only 2 given correct answer. I feel it is due to present education system which is concerned about the core subjects. It is required to insist on the Institutions to have at least one period a week to have General knowledge.
This is leading to public not having respect to the system or Constitution. Immediate steps shall be taken to educate youth for taking system in curriculum.

0 0 goverment should focus on cheap education,medicine and food and it is very very important for our nation as its is basic needs to develop our country other wise making other development is not so much immportant than this. people of mumbai ,delhi and other city pay lots of fees for their child education

0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी आपसे अनुरोध है की यदि आप स्वछ भारत अभियान को और बेहतर बनाना चाहते है तो ये जो चौराहे पर पम्प्लेट बाटे जाते है उन पर कड़ी कार्यवाही की जाए क्योंकि वो जैसे ही बाइक वालो को या कार वालो को देते है वो रोड पर ही फैंक देते है इससे रोड पर कचरा वापिस फ़ैल जाता है लोकल लेवल पर नगर निगम वाले या मेयर इसको अनदेखा कर देते है या फिर वाकई में वो शहर ब्रामण के लिए जाते ही नहीं है..... इसलिए आपसे निवेदन है की हमारे धन का सदुपयोग किया जाए। ...

0 0 good activists

0 0 Post Office Kandivali East, Mumbai:
Today I went as usual to encash my matured NSC at above pay office. Person at the window 2 counter very rudely told me that cheque book is not there so contact on Mon 30 Jan on 02228868766 & check whether cheque book at post office has come or not & then only come. This is very disappointing service from post office, as at least they should have taken the NSC for processing. It is very disappointing that post office doesn't have cheque book for such things.

0 0 plz call me 8969993699

0 0 HARE KRISHNA,TO THE SUCCESS OF HINDUSTAN(INDIA),THE GUARDIAN OF INDIA,SIR,,ACTUALLY THE GREAT PROBLEM..POVERTY..FOR THIS U SHOULD SAY 2 PEOPLE U EARN AS MUCH AS U CAN SURVIVE..NOT TO FULLFILL LUXUARY LIFE DOING THIS THE LIMITED CURRENCY WILL BE CONTRIBUTED EQUIALLY AND EMPLOYEMENT WILL BE. OTHER PEOPLE WILL HAVE TO AN OPTION TO EARN.IF MARKET DALAL HIDE FOODS OR ANYTHING.AVOID THAT AND USE OTHERS.THE INDIAN U ALL DON'T TELL ME WHAT SHOULD I DO FOR U NOW,TELL ME WHAT CAN U DO FOR INDIA.

0 0 Please join or like the page https://www.facebook.com/Public2PM-420576141607197/

0 0 I request Honble Shri PMji to please do needful for retarded persons to get suitable jobs and provide them independent living after life of their parents.We myself&my wife already crossed 70 yrs age and we have a son 39yrs old with marginal retardation,but trained in many hand woirks & computer typing work.We will be highly grateful & much oliged to receive valuable help for son Sudharsan raja.
From : G.Sethuramalingam,BE retd.consulting engineer for Industries. Mobile 9159771663.

0 0 Public2PM
57 mins ·
My dear Indian brothers and sisters if you are facing any problem from any government office and the benefits you are not receiving then please share me here...!

1 0 Valuable,Time Saving and Knowledgeable ALL in One -All About Exams which provides information regarding Competitive Exams,Colleges & their respective detailed information is available on single Platform. I would recommend all to visit : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=www.motioniitjee.com.motio...

0 0 Public2PM
18 mins ·
Universities should be equipped with all facilities including research facilities and should be tagged to multinational companies to fund the students research...! If you agree then like this post...!

0 0 Public2PM
19 mins ·
Government employees suspension should be changed to termination. If this change is made do you think government employees will try for corruption. Support by liking this page my dear brothers and sisters...!

0 0 Public2PM
20 mins ·
Reservation in India should me made based upon family income but not based upon caste. We are not against SC, ST, BC brothers and sisters but there are rich in all religion becoming rich and others are left behind. I'm an FC (Forward Cast) but my father has put my mothers jewelry to make me a post graduate. My father started his life with 1 rice bag and 20000 Indian rupees as his property then he worked on many parttime jobs tosurvive his life

0 0 DEAR PM.
MY SUGGESTION FOR BANNING OF HEADPHONES AND EARPHONES  WHILE DRIVING VEHICLES ON ALL ROADS. WALKING ON ALL ROADS. SIMPLE STEPS CAN AVOID 60% OF ACCIDENTS . THIS IS MY GENERAL OBSERVATIONS. AS WHEN A PERSON ON EARPHONE OR HEADPHONE HE IS  IN HE IS IN HIS OWN WORLD AND THE AC CIDENTS OCCUR MOSTLY ON ROADS. I HAVE SEEN MOST OF TWO WHEELERS AND FOUR WHEELERS ACCIDENT OCCURING WHEN DRIVERS EARPHONES ON.OR A PEDDLAR WHILE WALKING HAVING EARPHONES .
SIMPLE THING CAN SAVE MORE LIVES.

0 0 Dear sir, Jkpost had published a recruitment notification for the direct recruitment of MTS and Postman in July - August 2013 and conducted its exam very late after about three years i.e.in April 2016. It was mentioned in the notification that the result will be declared after five days. But after nine months have passed since April 2016 , the respective department published a notification in a local newspaper that the whole examination process of April 2016 stands cancelled. Sir we need justic.

1 0 महोदय प्रणाम,
छात्र छात्राओ को परीक्षा के तनाव से बचने के लिए कुछ प्रेरक सन्देश देने की कृपा करे।

0 0 Dear Sir,
There should be a Single Universal Form for All Banks & Universal Web Site with all language so all the people can use net banking.

1 0 i) Daily 1 hour of yoga. ii) Daily play outdoor games. iii) Teachers / parents needs to understand not to pressurize & say 10th and 12th will decide your college / career not to scare them iv) Not to mug up any subject, understand meaning in mother tongue.

1 0 महोदय प्रणाम
   समस्त परीक्षाओ विशेष रूप से प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओ को पूर्णतया नक़ल विहीन बनाने के लिये परीक्षा कक्ष में कैमरे लगवाने एवं छात्रो की उपस्थिति आधार कार्ड से लिंक करवाने की कृपा करे।
आभारी रहूंगा।

1 0 Dear Sir,
Some major problems faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical,other graduation entrance exams is non availability of important dates regarding exams,sample papers,proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guiding the students in all aspects.

0 0 you must suggest students that they should not use facebook instagram twitter and other social networking sites during exam time as they distract the focus of students. one may discard this but this is true.

1 0 An issue that seriously needs to be addressed is the  importance we give to scores. Education does not begin or end with scores and we need to keep reiterating this.
I am a working professional who appeared for CAT this year and scored 95 percentile.I got no IIM calls as they dont consider anything less than 99 and its educating students for management positions but because of this a student aims for top score to get into these colleges instead of actually getting a job and relevant experience

0 0 Shri Narendrabhai,
Please make compulsory rules in child hood military training
with all their end of  graduation study.
Sir,  Jenathi darek aavnar pedhi ne chust niyam palvani niyamitta aavi jay.
abbhar ji,  JAI HIND

0 0 Sir Good morning, Dear Sir, Iam homoeopathic Doctor, doing my 25 years of practice in Jail Road Nashik MAHARASHTRA, on Rental payment basis but since last 4 years Iam sitting ideal due to lack of space and residential space for me , I have few money of collecting but due to higher rate of property I can not afford please advise or help for my settlement Iam in depression kindly help me, I have a family of 2 children, wife and my 85 years old father pl pl pl pl help me

0 0 Modiji, as an youngster I would like to share my thoughts to my friends about exams. My friends, these are just simple exams where in we just need to study few stuffs and put that on to paper, so whats the need to get panic. No friends, never get tensed or be panic, we need to realize one thing we live in the country where Our PM even after facing so many hardships put same efforts towards betterment of our country,then why not us. Revise  well,be calm,be confident, all the best frnds.

0 0 Respected Sir,
        I have a plan and need help to develop a machine that enables the bank transaction via bio metric   facility linked with aadhar no..
              And  I suggest to develop a software which can tell the importance of cow, cow dung,cow urine and cow milk.The homemade cow product usage, the cure that could be done by cow products.

0 0 Modi sir
I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor schedule tribe student I am challenging you, our nation can't bring more Olympic medal, Oscar award and development of country without involvement of village talent skill and village participants.we are ignoring village  talent and skill Rather we should respect it.So on behalf of this ,I want to add one more
JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN JAY BIGYAN AND JAY KAUSHAL
JAI BHARAT
SIR PLEASE READ MY ATTACHED SCRIPT

0 0 we must do something about sports development in schools

0 0 Dear PM Sir, Expecting big announcement on Black money. all black money holders exchanged their money with new currency. at present if you announce ban of 2000 notes. it will be very useful to nation and poor people. focus on former and unemployed youth. they are the man power of India. and focus on Bankers who are supporting black money holders. focus on school education, who wants to govt job they has to study up to 12th class in govt schools. and change the slabs on Income Tax.

0 0 Respected Sir, Education should not to just limited to exam only, students must be given an environment to spread their wings to choice activities also. Many of the private schools just keeping study limited to mind scores of exam only. I am in view that to study must be affordable to all even in private schools also. Limited or cap must be fix to private schools fees to help parents / students to get affordable and valuable education for batter life.

0 0 One India one school rule sages for forene schools rule

0 0 POLLUTION FREE INDIA FROM WATER, FOOD, AND AIR
DR BASAVARAJU

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Speaking about exam anecdotes,during my BSc Zoology practical exams in my second year in 1998 we had to write down our observations and submit it to the external examiner.i submitted and continued writing my theory paper, when i was called by my teacher having a very serious expression on her face. Feeling worried, i asked her and the examiner what was wrong!!! They pointed out to my hall ticket number and to their shock , i looked at it and burst out laughing!!! Instead of my

0 0 SIR,
I AM DR BASAVARAJ I WOULD LIKE TO TELL YOU FOOD IS MAIN CRITERIA TO LIVE FOR HUMAN OR ANIMALS. NOWDAYS FOOD ADULTERATION IS  WE SEE EVERYDAY. FIRST GIFT   I WANT YOU TO GIVE EVERY CITIZEN OF INDIA.PREVENT THIS FOOD ADULTERATION BY BRING LAW WITH 10 YEARS JAIL WITHOUT BAIL.PLASTIC RICE , SUGAR, VEGETABLES COMING FROM CHINA.PEOPLES ARE GETTING CANCER FROM THIS. WE HAVE TO PREVENT THIS . SIR PLS I WANT MEET YOU . IF YOU  PERMIT.NOBODY WILL EAT MONEY ONLY FOOD NEED TOSURVIVE
DR BASAVARAJ

0 0 If we are talking about our education, than it is not so much helping in the real world.
so i think our education syllabus must change and practical things must be include in that. because more practically our children learn more helpful for our country in respect
to jobs and make in india.
one more thing i like to share that i am using online transaction very much. but i have to use forcefully cash in small shops because they add the transaction fee in amount.so please do something.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, I would like to focus on sports in govt schools as we have lots of talent in the rural area as i belong from a village. In a month two Saturday should be for those students who want to participate in sports. This initiative should be from Physical Teacher of the schools. Even sir i observed that till 12th standard lots of student doesn't know about the sports stadiums in their respective Tehsil or Districts. So every govt school should plan a stadium visit for interested students.

0 0 these are only exams.... give it the seriousness that it requires and nothing more!!! There is lot more in life than just a couple of exams!!!
God bless each and every one of you, Students!!! Hope each and everyone come out in flying colours!!!!
All the very best!!!
Love and prayers,
Vidya Surendran 😄

0 0 Their food intake should be healthy and comfortable. They shouldnt eat anything that may increase the risk of an upset tummy.... and never skip a meal... as skipping meals would only cause severe stomach ulcers. In case they do develop ulcers, as stress levels go up, cold milk, fresh curds and small plantains should be had frequently as these calm the stomach and normalise it quickly!!! At the end of the day, students as well as their parents should realise, these are only exams....

0 0 and studying figures, anatomical structures of plants as well as animals etc. Physics diagrams, etc will help them remember better. Also listening to soothing music , be it classical or light music, in between helps refresh the brain. Students should have at least have a half an hour break after two to three hours of continuous study.... they should either dance, play, sing their favourite songs or anything that perks them up and gets them fresh for the next round of study. Their food intake

0 0 Dear Modiji, Students must have faith in themselves as well as in God and stick to a comfortable schedule which will enable them to complete their portions completely along with frequent revisions.If they cud include methods like quizzing, preparing a flow chart of the overall topic, make important date lists, important event lists, important formulae lists, important abbreviations lists etc, it would help them for revisions. Also in many subjects, where diagrams are required, drawing and

0 0 1.please make compulsory adhar card in voting purpose by finger scanning
2-plese make compulsory adhar card in ralways buying ticket in reservation, no need to generate ticket paper adhar no is ticket no.

0 0 Respected sir,firstly we should increase the practical knowledge of childhood. No doubt NCERT books are best but the level of teaching in both private and governments school not upto good mark. In private they teach only theories for to exam top and in govt.schools they even not properly teach . In 8th NCERT covered the syllabus of How do we do transaction at bank via cheque etc. Bt I'm100% sure no single school teach this thing practically so govt shld tke steps in real manner nt in dcmnts only

0 0 Modiji, let us hear your monki baath in English too. That will help the students as well as adults in south India and Eastern India to know what you are saying.

0 0 School ki bat aai hai to mai govt school  k bare me kuch kahna chahunga. govt school k teacher ko aisalagata hai k unke bachcho ka future private school me padhne se acha hoga govt. Schoolo me nhi to kia wo sahi sikhsha nhi dete jo bachhche unke schoolon padhte hai.. aise teachers  sirf salary kelie job chahte hai . Aise teachers ko terminate kia jae

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Since this is an open forum for students, i feel, first and foremost, they need to be relaxed and feel good about themselves when they go to write their exams!!! If one isnt relaxed or is not comfortable with themselves, how can they give their best, especially during times like exams??? Students ,for a right frame of mind, need to unwind regularly, talk to their parents and close relatives other than just their friends who themselves are appearing for exams.They must have faith!

0 0 Dear Shri Modi Ji,
    Exams are just a part of the student's academic career which will not decide the success or failure of a person's life. Students should study to acquire knowledge and not for the sake of passing exams. It is also important to study for their sake and not to compete with their friends or negibours. Learning should be a joyous venture and not a sickening process. My best wishes to all the students.

1 0 Respected sir i want to inform about the education level of goverment school.

0 0 The Railways movement of trains has not improved in the past 50 years of our Independence. The time taken to travel from Mumbai to Bangalore which was 24 hours then is the same today. Successive governments have failed to lay a double track on all routes to South India and every train has to be side tracked till the incoming train passes to proceed. This system is the prime cause for the innumerable accident resulting in Loss of lives.Make rail travel faster lay more double track lines

0 0 School time for Kids upto class VI should be limited to morning 8 am till 2 PM . so that they should not be burdened with long full day(8.30 am o 4 pm) stay at school.

0 0 To the Honorable Prime Minister, Sir, I am working in rural area and urban area last 20 years as a Tax consultant. I have my some experiences how to develop in this rural areas . I want to share my ideas with the Government.

0 0 Dear sir' Need a strong surgical strike in govt. offices in which your officer / employee who are against the govt. policy and only one motto to improve corruption . One case govt. say to officer discharged and decide in 3 months but decision is in the after 2 years what is this, problem is only one RISHWAT . Adjust with officer otherwise he has pass the order against you and the appealaint  officer has same order because you are not agree for give them money.

0 0 Dear Sir, Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

0 0 I have my sister she is studying m com but we r not having money to continue her studies we not able to move cause of money she is studying in government college only but they r not providing schemes and I request u to announce a strong message to college and banks for education loan

0 0 आज ऩिजीमेडिकल कालेजों मे 15-20 लाख रुपये फीस लिया जा रहा है जो कि भारत जैसे देश मे यह उचित नही है। इसे कम कराने सरकार को कदम उठाना चाहिये।

0 0 Respected Narendra Modi ji,
I want to tell you that you have started many schemes for girl's education in India, still many parents who are from middle class have to pay 5-6 lacs for education like B.Tech.
I'm Preeti Singh from Lucknow and pursuing B.tech from SRMCEM and till now my parents have paid 5-6 lacs and above, and we belong to middle class family, so there should be some scheme which offer girls to get higher education at low money.

0 0 SIR, AS A GOVT TEACHER FROM ANDHRA PRADESH
 I REQUEST U TO REMEMBER STUDENTS OF ANY CLASS "YOUR FUTURE DEPENDS ON WHAT YOU DO TODAY"
" EDUCATION IS A TOOL TO LEAD A BETTER LIFE IN FUTURE, IF U KNOW THE TOOL WELL U CAN USE IT EFFECTIVELY  , LIKE IF A FARMER KNOWS HOW TO USE A TRACTOR HE CAN CULTIVATE CROPS EFFECTIVELY ."
"EXAMS ARE THE INDICATORS OF YOUR ABILITY IN HANDLING THE TOOL (EDUCATION), SO LEARN WELL ABOUT IT THOROUGHLY AND GET SUCCESS IN EXAMS AND LIFE"
THANKING U SIR.YOURS PADMARAO

0 0 Respected Narendra Modi ji,
The main problems which we face now a days in exams are described in this attached file. Please go through it.

0 0 Sir, please tell them that Marks is only one of minor criteria to get success in Life. Getting good marks or getting admission in good college will definitely make life better but in case even you are not able to pass the exam nothing can stop you from getting the success.  There are thousand of success stories in India where people have achieved tremendous success in life without getting good Marks.  and pls don't think about suicide or any extreme steps in case you are not able  to get success

0 0 sir i will give to suggest for cashless system, all over goverment office in give to cashless system like, ST, RAILWAY,GOV.HOSPITAL.  SO Chiller problem reduce

0 0 sir kyu garib ka bachcha hi Hindi padhe,amiro k bachche foreign or English medium me pdhkr English or advance education le lete h but govt.or sarkari school ka student piche rh jata h,sbko saman education ka system hona chahiye,jisse kisi school me koi difference nhi rhe,teachers ki quality achhi ho govt. school me bhi,jisse public school me English sikhne nhi jana pdhe kisi bhi student ko.please sir primary or govt. schools ka study ka level badhaiye.Thank you.

0 0 Daughter applied for voter idcard on 9.4.16 in CEO TN PORTAL thro'online mode in Form 6.Appln no.El1635619,Still to receive the card. Mail sent to PRGO office of CEO TN on 19.10.16, he sent mail to DEO Kancheepuram to resolve the issue immediately & report. Mail to election commission of india sent on 11.12.16 complaint id TN/3/30/496871. Complaint to PMO Regn.No.PMOPG/E/2016/0624583 on 31.12.16.Tweets to central ministers & PM & letters thro'press no use. Losing faith in government machinery

0 0 Dear Sir, my another point which is not related to exam, is for economic equality given by Indian constitution, that why Govt. is not looking for Income tax return filed by Private doctors and Advocates practicing in different courts in whole country, who (both Advocates & Pvt. Doctors) are charging huge fees from their clients or patients, but not issuing any proper recipts and only few of them are filing ITR & only for 20-30% of their actual income. But we R paying IT on salary& pension both.

0 0 sir i just want to tell you that please do something for education system,1-please close the Hindi medium school,do provide education in only one language English,not both bcoz its confusing to all ,first we done study in Hindi medium school after that for competition we should have to knowledge about English,bcoz of that many students not succeed in exams & interview.please convert all (primary & G.I.C.) Hindi medium school in English only,now a days everyone wants English speaking employee

0 0 Dear students, Plz be away from mobile and other sites like games,computer games, facebook, what's app at least for 2-3 months before exam and normally also u should give more than half an hour on such sites on mobile or PC. Instead of this u go to open ground and give one hour over there, which will help you to maintain ur health and feel fresh for furthur study. Also do YOGA/meditation everyday to increase your concentration in studies. MY SUGGESTION IS THAT-DO NOT DO ANYTHING IN EXCESS.

0 0 only imp. that i want to said that the children must study in morning from 4am to 7am which is most energyable time to study. for concentration in our study to meditation. show that ur mind is free from other thin and do study. peace fully and before exam only revise the matter not learn and before 1 hour of exam. just keep ur mind silent. and does not  talk to anyone.
best of luck to children..

0 0 children are good at academics at present provided they avoid social network sites.. as on an average they loose 3 hours a day only in this unproductive networks. It is bad part of the generation.they have to avoid this till the exams are completed & the power supply authority at each state cut off power supply for atleast 90 minutes per day it is bad for the studens.I hope this should be taken care by respective one now.with best wishes for all students.

0 0 Like IIT  the educational videos are available please give orders to record the school lectures of good educational institutions like kendriya vidyalaya, DPS ,donbosco etc to upload their lectures sothat easily every where one can get this knowledge. As technology has increased so please use the technology to crash the exam.

0 0 1.Donot mugup any subject try to understand the subject. After reading ask your self what you have understood read a paragraph close the book and try to think and repeat it by closing the book.
 Book reading will make you understand 30% but watching an educational videos on the same subject matter will increase the efficiency fasten the understanding. For example if ur reading history book regarding tipusultan or British Empire just watch a educational videos in you tube/any site will grasp

0 0 i would say rather then focusing anything else please focus on population . the law should be imply in India that you cant have more then 2 children like it was in china few years back Chinese govt allowed only one child at home so then they took care of population still they are no 1 in terms of population . i believe by this we can work and focus remaining people and make them educated or literate and also provided good education. education is biggest challenge and Indian peeps learn frm japan

0 0 Shri. +Narendra Modi ji, We are extremely Happy to Inform like; We are one of the very few Startups (from Bengaluru) who achieved #StartupIndia Learning Program Online Course on Entrepreneurship Very Quickly http://bit.ly/2kfKCy4 / http://bit.ly/2kfKCy4 and We would like to meet you personally in this regard. THX. #StartupUpdate #MannKiBaat

0 0 Sir,
One nation one education policy must be implemented like GST one nation one tax, this will not only enhance better education and will also unite us as one country. As children are messengers of tomorrow & carry all thoughts & teachings of yesterday to shape up their present & hence make their believe & thoughts. If we incorporate right teachings at primary & secondary level into minds of children about their leaders & country in early stages of life that ideas & believes remain till end.

0 0 Please Encourage Educated people to take up Teaching jobs, instead of dying for 10-15k job of IT.
- India will be educated.
Education system needs to get very tight.

2 0 Hello Sir,
I think, to make our education system better, we must introduce 'One Nation, One Education' policy in India.
We can start it by having a central authority in India, a platform where diff. state boards can share information and which could make sure that every student of India is being delivered the 'SAME and STANDARD' education in every part of our nation. We should make sure that our talent remain in our nation to contribute in our progress. To know more, open the PDF.......

0 0 Education-
-children must realise their passion and persue it, its extremely wrong with today's parenting that they impose their aspirations for difficult exams, doctory and engineering, irrespective of children's potential in some particular field.  
-schools must teach something for children's spiritual awakening. 
-India must have equal oppurtunities for sportsmen, artists and all.

0 0 Dear Students !!! Before going to the Examination, you have already put your best effort to cover the syllabus. The Questions are already fixed, sealed and ready for distribution. Thus, your preparation as well as the questions both are fixed. So you must feel positive with sufficient confidence while sitting in the Exam Hall. Your positive attitude will surely make you steady as well as confident while writing Exam Paper. Your will power to do the best will bring you success. ALL THE BEST !!!

0 0 Hello sir,
 Well i think our Board of Education should put more focus on practical work in school and colleges rather than theory, passing marks should determine by one knowledge about the practical things because that is what matters. Theory Knowledge is valid upto a few days or months, but once you do it in reality, reality of real education reveals.
#PMonRadio #Air #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Honourable PM,
Digital India is on its way,but IT Engineers hav to migrate all over country to get jobs.
My Idea is to bring -
-Big IT firms to set up at least 1 branch in the Capital city of each state. 
-It will lessen the expenditure of Potential Job seekers, also they can live relaxed life taking care of their family,living near their hometowns.
-Eventually Employment oppurtunities will arise altogether in each state, leaving no state behind. 
Pls implement it.

0 0 I think OC(open category) students are being effected badly in various competitive exams due to following 5 reasons..
1.Age criteria
2.Fees structure
3.Language problem
4.Reservations
5.Scams in exams :
my experience:
I am born in a poor vysya (open caste) farmer family.. Studied at govt. school in Telugu medium (Andhra Pradesh) from childhood in a small village (rural area).
I am badly effected in various competitive exams due to above reasons.
Hon'ble Modi Sir ,please save us.

0 0 Dear Modiji, When you encourage students to bravely appear for exams. Then tell them to study for knowledge and not marks. Its the knowledge that will take the individual and country ahead and not marks. Ask them not to cheat in exam. Tell them to write whatever they know instead of copying from their friends or classmates. If stundents want to help in fighting corruption then they should themselves avoid corrupt practices.

0 0 ureshpprabhu @RailMinIndia Sir I hv a idea for safety in coach from robbery, looting,teasing etc sir in each train armed forces,para miltry, police personel are travelling.we can use them.problem  is that they are scatter in different coach.so my idea is plz book their seat at start and end berth of each coach.they know each other in emergency they can act together And if possible hv quata to them .on reservation Like doctors column increase a column for armed forces.

0 0 Sir, why should caste be a factor when appearing for competitive examinations.....my sincere request is to consider only hardwork .thank u

0 0 Respected, i just want to suggest u that make control on Fee structure of Competitive Exam because all open category students are not belongs to rich or middle class family That's why they unable to pay Bank exams conducted through IBPS because there is too much difference between fee structure for other community students & open category students. as like for minority fee is 100Rs & for open category it was 600 or 700Rs So,it is not affordable to all.
Requested to you to reduce fee.

0 0 Sir very recently we celebrated our Republic day. This time during our Republic Day celebration at Kalpna Foundation, an organisation founded by me to educate poor children organised preamble reading program at our teaching venue in Durgakund. We find preamble on the very first page of NCERT books but students are of the habit of reading everything except the preamble. It's impoatant for all of us to know our constitution because it reminds us that along with rights we have responsibilities too

0 0 Hon'ble PM, I would suggest that there should be an increase in number of centres for exams like NDA Exam, CDSE, etc. where only capital cities are chosen as centres. Myself being a student from a small city, can understand the pain that village students have to suffer, when they attend such exams. Pain of travelling, waking all night, locating centres, etc. I would suggest that main cities be set as centres, e.g. in Maharashtra, we can have Pune, Aurangabad, Nanded, etc. as centres. #mannkibaat

0 0 "The sizes and shapes of REFILLs of BALL POINT PENs vary from pen to pen; Company to Company. As a result, when students visit shops to buy a new REFILL, the students find difficulty to get a matching one. The shop might have many varieties of REFILLs, but, sometimes none of those are matching with the students' PEN. The students may have many such PENs without proper availability of matching REFILL. This will lead to wastage of money and material. This problem is also causing displeasure."

0 0 Respected sir,, My Suggestions are like this
1. First to change the learning method from school level,, so there the Teacher should be committed to deliver his knowledge with high level of interest and energy,, it will leads to built sincerity in youngsters brain..
2. The students parents help to students in completion of specific portion of lessons in each subject in a friendly environment 3. Every student should feel free before exams and during examinations,, teaches has to motivate them.

0 0 Respected Sir In each of my student's batch the final sentence I give them is "If u have studied no need 2 panic & if u haven't no use 2 panic" Through this forum Request Parents Not 2 compare Children Each child Is Unique Let It remain unique Need of hour is to make them follow rules by our example Give them faith, self-respect, understand them & their problems. They will Never let us down. This is my way of bringing them 2 normal & socialize them Let's Join Hands to Secure Our Future AMEN

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी, कृपा करके एक नियम बनाये की भगवन का अनादर का हो सके
जैसे की लोग अपने विजिटिंग कार्ड पर भगवन की फोटो प्रिंट करवा देते है, कई बार वह कार्ड डस्टबिन और रोड पर पड़े मिलते है, इसलिए एक नियम बनाये की कार्ड, उत्पादों की पैकिंग, पॉलिथीन और अन्य चीज़ों पर भगवन की फोटो प्रिंट न की जाये

1 0 Respected Sir,
Hon'ble PM may highlight :-
1. Exams not a final verdict about the capability of individuals
2. Students and Parents : Think beyond traditional professions - Graduate in Yoga, Start ups - become an entrepreneur 
3. Identify area of interest, hardwork, sincerity & happiness will automatically flow.
4. Parents need not impose their expectations on children. Nation requires responsible and responsive citizens 
Regards,
Rajkaran Singh Bhatti (Jan. 2017)
9780005656

0 0 बेटी को पढ़ाने के लिये गेरसरकार स्कूल मैं 80%से ऊपर लाने वाली बच्ची को सरकारी सहायता कुछ नहीं
सरकारी स्कूल मैं 75% को लेपटोप यह सरकारी निति ठीक नहीं

0 0 we need to remember that board exams are not the end of our lives. only studying ,studying and studying would definitely not fetch you jobs or rather create jobs. we need to come out of the cocoons of books and transform into  butterflies that deserves this eternally blissful world around us. we need to experience each and every second of our life. As they always say, "Don't run behind success. Run behind perfection, success will run behind you."

0 0 Sir, please restrict the engineer's or professional for appearing in competitive exam like banking/SSC. Because banks always select professional and simple  graduate student didn't get job.And pls give more numbers of vaccines.

0 0 Greetings from my side sir.
Sir, there is no loan scheme available for the students who wish to gap a year for preparation of medical/engineering entrance examination to get coaching in any coaching institute. As the coaching they provide is not a course. And the fees of such coaching institute is too high for a lower middle class man to pay. Please do something in this regard.

0 0 Respected Sir, Promote for Ph.D. to our engineers. A faculty could not get benefit of it directly. We say, a Teacher is a key person in education, but teacher is not getting respected in Engineering Education in terms of seniority, salary, as per experience. Our GR by UGC, AICTE, regarding pay scale and promotions must be refined properly with proper explanation (not in vague, molding it as per convenience to benefit to private institutions only, not to University, nor Faculty). Thank you.

0 0 Respected sir I wanted to speak about LPG gas,many people are suffering from lpg bursting many people lost their life in bursting gas ,can you plz suggest the cylinder makers to make a new innovation to attached a censor system in cylinder hope that can save life.plz think sir..

0 0 Respected Sir, many issues regarding out Indian Education. I will talk about Engineering Education.
1.Schooling to Engineering Education (Diploma,UG,PG & Ph.D.) should be in a flow.
We see that 11th-12th std. & Diploma are difficult than B.E./B.Tech. & M.Tech/M.E. is easier than B.E./B.Tech.2.Industrial Experience of a faculty should be counted in terms of salary, as many universities are not counting industrial experience in teaching.3.Outcome based education is good but not 100% for India.

0 0 Please remove caste based reservation on marks from competitve exams. In IITJEE, ST and SC's need only 45-55/360 and general needs above 105 marks. If you want to help them then give free education and facilities. But why these inequality regarding marks is there.

0 0 The most important thing to practice before any exam is a peace and calm .
What troubles and spoils exams is the pressure and fear , not the exam itself.
A student can answer the same questions in a relaxed environment but when he is expected to perform under restrictions of time and stress of competition , mind finds it hard to focus and nervousness results in poor performance
A balance between study and games will result in greater confidence and improve performance

0 0 Provide Gov Jobs to Local students without exams as per their capablity who are staying with their family not moved to other cities for bright future.

0 0 respect and hail to our pro poor pm!!I have qualified both the rounds of YOUNG INDIA CHALLENGE (24-25)th February,2017. After written test and interview round, i have received official conformation letter to participate in that elite programme.But it has become a financial challenge for me to go to Delhi from kolkata.i want help as less time is left.

0 0 Dear Gov,
My request is to do something for those students who did't left their village & Small cities for their family to get bright future & spoiling their life in their Village/small city. This kind of Youth required more Gov attention. Save them from injustice.

0 0 ...जाते हैं...!
५. वोट आने पर कहीं कुछ महीने टिकाऊ #गली_महल्ले में पक्की सडके बन जाती है। कहीं #वोटर_कार्ड के लिए जाली कागज भी ओके हो जाते हैं...   आदि-आदि...! 
 यह #चमत्कार_गिनीज_बूक में दर्ज होनी चाहिए...!

0 0 At present, applying for Date of birth certificate is so difficult. In this situation the mediators are cashing this opportunity. If the people Will pay the money to those mediators, they applied those date of birth certificates.

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी, कृपया ध्यान दे...
#भारतीय_मानव_निर्मित_चमत्कार
१. #ट्रक चाहे जितना #ओवर_लोड क्यों न हो...?
₹१० मिलने पर हल्की हो जाती है।
२. #रेलवे का साधारण डिब्बे में चढने की पंक्ति चाहे कितनी लम्बी क्यों न हो...?
₹१० मिलने पर आप प्रथम पंक्ति के हकदार हो जाते हैं...!
३. #सरकारी या #गैरसरकारी_शिक्षक हो, डी.एड. या बी.एड. वाले हो बिना #ट्यूशन किये सिलेबस पूरी ही नहीं होती...!
४. रेलवे के #महिला डिब्बे में #₹१० देकर पुरूष भी अबला बन जाते हैं... और #रेलवे_पुलिस ₹१० गटककर #किन्नर बन...

0 0 ...कानून की धज्जियाँ उडकर दिखा सकते हैं ।
४. ट्रक चाहे जितना #ओवर_लोड क्यों न हो...?
₹१० लेकर हल्का दिखाया सकते है।
५. #किन्नर  ₹१० न मिलने पर आम यात्रियों पर #अमानुषिकता, अत्याचार करके दिखा सकती है...
तो हम #सन्मार्गी_मानव  में सार्थक कार्य करने की कितनी क्षमता हो सकती है...!
#जागो_उठो_और _बुराइयों _पर _टूट पडो...।
नेताजी कहे थे- #तुम_मुझे_खून_दो_मैं_तुम्हें_आजादी_दुँगा...।
मैं कहता हूँ-
#आप_हमेशा_सत्य_का_साथ_दो_सत्य हमेशा_आपकी_रक्षा_करेगा...!
#वंदे मातरम् ।

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी, कृपया ध्यान दे...
ये #अंधा_कानून है...!
#कानून_के_हाथ_वाकई_में_लंबे_है...?
#दैनिक_यात्री_Daily_Passenger जिस #ट्रेन से प्रतिदिन #यात्रा करके,उस ट्रेन और रेलवे पर अपना अधिकार जमाकर #आम_यात्रियों पर #अत्याचार तथा #रेलवे को हानि पहुँचाने का #अवैध_हक दिखा सकते हैं।
२. चार दिन के पार्टियों के चमचे न मन में भक्ति न हृदय में श्रद्धा सडकों पर #अवैध_वसूली करके दिखा सकते हैं...!
३. #अवैध_अधिग्रहण  घास-फूंस का घर और #अवैध_बिजली_कनेक्शन फिर पक्के मकान बनवाकर तथा...२०_४० साल रहकर ...

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी, नमस्कार...
झाझा और जमुई पूर्व मध्य रेल बिहार
झाझा बिहार का एक महत्त्वपूर्ण स्टेशन जो #हावडा_बैंडेल_बर्ध्दमान_आसनसोल_सितारामपुर_चितरंजन_मधुपुर_जसीडीह_झाझा_जमुई_किऊल_लखीसराय_मोकामा_पटना को जोडती है। फिर भी #रेल_की_विकास... इस तरह के स्टेशनों तक नहीं पहुँच पाई है...!
वंदे मातरम् ।

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी, नमस्तें...!
भारतीय रेल की #गाडियों की #देरी  से आम जनता को बहुत परेशानियाँ होती है। कृपया ट्रेनों की लेट की #बेहाल स्थिती को दूर करने के लिए कुछ बेहतर कदम उठाने का कष्ट करें...!

0 0 Respected PM sir,
   Please speak in next man Ki bat about water saving for this summer season.

0 0 Sir,
 Hum log khud hi responsible hai girti hui education system ke liye .school nd teachers hi iske liye jimmedar hain sabse pahle .inke liye itne jyada kade rules hone chahiye jisse ye  bachho ke future se na khel saken .  Jb tk students 10th nd 12th tk pahuchte hain unka base khatam ho chuka hota hai tb wo kisi bhi haal me nakal karke ya paise dekar numbers ko kharidna chahte hain .to sabsephle hume class 1 to 8th tk ki education par hi focus karna hoga jb ek plant ki root strong hogi .

0 0 I have been deprived of justice.please intervene in the matter and do justice. #PMonRadio #AIR

2 0 महोदय प्रणाम‌
       तमाम कोशिशो के बावजूद हर परीक्षा मे खासतौर पर प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओ मे नकल माफियाओ का मकड़जाल फैलता ही जा रहा है जिसके चलते हर साल‌ लाखो प्रतिभावान छात्र छात्राओ को उनका नैसर्गिक अधिकार नही मिलने से हताशा और कुन्ठा मे घिरते जा रहे है।
  आप से निवेदन है कि समस्त‌ परीक्षाओ मे शुचिता को कायम रखने के लिये ठोस दिशा निर्देश एवम  कठोर कानून बनाने तथा इन दिशा निर्देशो व‌ ‍कानून का कडाई से अनुपालन सुनिश्चित‌ कराने की कृपा करे।
          आभारी रहूँगा....

0 0 Bihar ke college me class nahi hota hai.jiske karan student ko private coaching me padhai karna padta hai.iski fees bahut jayada hoti.jis se students ko bahut dikkat ka samna hota hai.Bihar ke educationke rule tight kijiye.

0 0 NEET exam ye new rule kyu add ho rahe hai.future ke doctor ka future dark ho jayega aise.iske baare me jarur boliygega.NEET exam ka tips dijiye sir.

0 0 No option download from image

0 0 please en rules ko dekhe aur lagu karne ki kripa kare

0 0 Sir, i want to say various compititive examinations conducting bodies like ssc,upsc,various state service comission takes too much time in conducting various compititive exam  and students suffer from this because they don't know whether they should prepare for next exam or do something else.please sir do something for this issue.

0 0 GREEN CITY:Respected PM,Trees in streets especially in city is the only vital way to provide good life for kids &  people.Electric wires,telephone cables in all streets poses big threat for trees,bring law that all electric lines should be underground in cities & town compulsory.People can grow more trees not having fear of trees cutting by electricity people.Also during cyclone city would not get affected,power supply will remain live all times.This gives more jobs & reduce airborne pollutant

0 0 Modi sir
I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor schedule tribe student I am challenging you, our nation can't bring more Olympic medal , Oscar award and development of country without involvement of village talent skill and village participants.we are ignoring the talent and skill Rather we should respect the talent and skill.so I add one more
JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN JAY BIGYAN AND JAY KAUSHAL
JAI HIND
SIR PLEASE READ MY ATTACHED SCRIPT

0 0 in this letter for students

0 0 sir, i want to say that staff selection commission is not performing its duty well.ssc is not able to conduct any exam fairly be it ssc cgl,ssc je,ssc chsl. I am ssc je aspirant more than 1400 students were rejected by ssc out of 6500 students in ssc je mains exam whuch was conducted by 24 july 2016 and result was declared on 2 jan 2017.sir ssc is corrupted from head to toe please sir youth of india want help from you you can do something .we youngsters always support you.you can see in pdf.

0 0 Sir,i am Geeta bomman.I suggest the students that they prepare their own notes.it helpful for their annual examinations.

0 0 I find that in the age of calculators and computer, learning tables and sums is very important. Student should learn tables and practice sums which will give them mental alertness, mental efficiency and speed of calculations.  I find that it is very important for all mathematical subjects.  Further students should also practice good handwriting.  However both these things are possible only at least three months before the exams.

0 0 I am a Fellow chartered accountant with merit - All india 25th rank. With my experience I suggest  students should eat simple food without spices during study. They should keep their stomach clean and if they have constipation, they should take ISABGOL with warm water.  They should not continuously study one subject more than 3 hours, they should keep on changing the subject so that they do not get bore. They should sleep 6 to 7 hours daily.

0 0 Sir,
My name is Kamesh. Please reform the examinations in all levels. In High school and Intermediate levels, Examinations are going in false way. In the Evaluation of Exam papers teachers are following only some limited books. This may lead to stop the students from their own thinking. They by hart the answers in books and write same in exam. Please think in that way...

0 0 While submitting income tax return the assessee should be asked to submit cash balance with monthly cash expenses.  Cash balance should not be allowed in the case of any assessee if it is more than 10 days expenses.

0 0 Respected Sir If one day in a week we if it's my possible that we r organis a free medical camp for I poor and very poor people those person can not buy medicine or those medicine r highly demend or life saving drug.

0 0 The Govt. is rightly planning to make cashless economy. If the Govt gives some tax incentive for cashless business i.e. Income and expenditure should not have more than 10% as cash, particularly expenses should not be more than 10% of total expenses, such company should enjoy some tax concession. Companies having more than 50% expense in case should be levied additional tax

0 0 I am an investor in the stock market and i find that the overall transaction cost for investing is very high. STT+ SERVICE TAX+ EXCHANGE CHARGES+ BROKERAGE ARE VERY HIGH. This act as disincentive for investment.  Nowhere in the world the charges are so high. Exchange are paying hefty dividend instead of reducing their charges. Exchange charges are same for the last 20 years while their volume has gone 50 fold.  Pl reduce the cost of transaction

0 0 Our Beloved PM,
Anyone can fire Divali firecrackers any time in our country.
People are firing without any reason or with their personal reason, but any time anyone can fire these crackers. This is making environment that include birds, animals and humans annoyed.
These firecrackers are available to public easily. Government has to do something to stop this.
Please help us Sir.
Thank You,

0 0 My name is Simran Gupta.I am a student of class 10 th.  I am going to appear for the board examinations.
Sir,I am very lucky that I have such parents that never force me for any particular marks,and this is the only reason why I study only for knowledge,I focus on igniting my talents featuring my skills inspite of aiming at a good percentile.I want you to urge each and every student to give his or her best without taking any kind of stress.
Secondly,also to the parents tonot pressurise

0 0 Respected sir,
Please make a common examination board for all competitive exams( rrb,defence,post office....etc)
Please regulate exam fees for all exams.
Examination applied must be online only. We should give good bye for offline method .
 Please give order for all examination fees must be deposited in post office because bank collected more service charges.
Please open exam centers for union Territory port jobs( port plair,lakhsdeep ..etc)
Jai hind sir

1 0 Like SwacchBharat,Demonetisation or Namomi Ganga mission, please make it mandatory for all wards across all municipal corporations, all Nagar Nigams and all villages in India to open atleast 2 Public Libraries with some grading/rating system so that people across all gender, age and level can use it for knowledge enablement.
I'm very sure having a public library on the lines of US & other western countries is as important as having parks, schools or hospitals for the betterment of society.

0 0 A best method for super learning is P-V formula.
Established by experimental research on learning methods, P-V formula is your key to more effective study.  Read carefully and try this very powerful formula for scoring high. The base of this formula is the way we attempt unseen passages.
i)	Preview
ii)     Questions
iii)    Reading
iv)     summary
v)      Test (Question - Answer)
vi)     Use/ User of the text
vii)    Visualise the information (conversion of the text into picture)

1 0 Prime ministerji,
Govt. employees' gets 7th pay commission salary but private (other than corporates like IT etc.,) organisation do not even pay 4th pay commission.
A govt employee could afford to high cost of living.
How could a person employed in private earning a salary below Rs.10000 afford.
No check points.
Pl do something.

1 0 Modi sir
I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor schedule tribe student I am challenging you our nation can't bring more Olympic medal ,Oscar award and development of country without involvement of village talent skill and village participants.we are ignoring the talent and skill Rather we should respect the talent and skill.so I want to add one more
JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN JAY BIGYAN AND JAY KAUSHAL
JAI BHARAT
PLEASE SIR READ MY ATTACHED SCRIPT

0 0 PLESE,MERA AGRAH HE KI KUCH SAMAY NIKALIYA MERI IMEGE PADHANE KE LIYE

1 0 #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 In india,misguidance is more than proper guidance so All About Exams is best App to guide students, parents and also teachers for better career opportunities a student can have. There are various Entrance Exams, College Info and a whole knowledge world in this one App.https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=www.motioniitjee.com.motio...

0 0 नमस्कार मॊदिजी आपका यॆ उपक्रम सराहनीय हॆ मॆ एक करिअर कॊन्सॆलर हॊनॆ कॆ नातॆ एक्झाम स्ट्रॆस कॆ बारॆमॆ बताना चाह्ती हू कि 1 प्रश्नावली कॆ द्वारा छात्रो का स्ट्रॆस लॆवल जानकॆ उन्हॆ गायडन्स दॆ सकतॆ हॆ जिनमॆ उन्हॆ पढाई करनॆकॆ सहि तरिकॆ,मॆडिटॆशन,पाठ्यक्रम का सहि चुनाव,टॊक् थॆरपी,यॊगा,टाईम मॆनॆजमॆन्ट् यॆ सब सिखायॆ जातॆ हॆ

0 0 Hello Sir..I just want to say to all students being myself a student...KAABIL BANO KAABIL....MARKS AND POSITIONS TUMHE CHAAR PAL KI KHUSHI DENGE...BUT JAB TUM KAHIN INTERVIEW MEIN BAITHOGE TOH WAHAN TUMARI KNOWLEDGE TEST HOGI...MARKS TOH RATT KAR BHI AA SAKTE HAIN.. .Prepare For exams happily.Do NOT stress out.."CRAVE FOR KNOWLEDGE BUDDIES NOT FOR MARKS".Have fun :) This is my #Mannkibaat!

1 0 Subject: Agricultural Income
I have inputs from rural areas and from the person who are authorised to issue Form against sale of agricultural produce that it is being misused by issuing authority as well as persons who are converting their undisclosed income. I want to suggest that add a annexure in the return form itself for the person who are showing agricultural income to provide the detail of Form 6R and detail of their land with area owned by them.

0 0 First of all congratulations to prime minister of India Mr.Narendra Modi for starting Mann Ki Baat.Sir I want to say that for admission in MBBS course min.age limit is 17 (seventeen)years why.While for admission in Engineering Course min.age limit is below 17 (seventeen)years .Please think as a student when you are selected in medical entrance exam but your age is below 17 years and your admission is not granted by medical board.Sir please try to grant admission in MBBS course is below 17 years

0 0 To guide students ALL ABOUT EXAMS APP is one of the  better option as it' gives knowledge regarding  entrances exams , their previous year paper,real time notification  available at this APP.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=www.motioniitjee.com.motio...

1 0 Sir,
One thing in my mind is below.. Our Nation is Democracy Country. But in every field there is reservation is applied for all Gov. Organization.. why ?? for this issue there are many persons who is most eligible for Job in  Gov Body, but they are unable to join because there is reservation is applied. due to this many guys are going abroad for better job opportunist.. we have to arrange one rules for all expect Physical disable persons (Special Persons ).it was a thought expecting your revet

0 0 Subject: Budget 2017 Suggestions
Please refer the attached file.
Divine Indian

0 0 Problems faced by students at various stages of their student life especially Exams like engineering,medical,other stream, non availability of information like important dates ,their sample papers and proper guidance for our Indian Institutes at one place.So recently I came across with an application on Google play store “ALL ABOUT EXAMS” which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects. It may help students a lot.
https://goo.gl/sBwSHq

0 0 Subject: Stop unnecessary opposition- play safe politics
Please refer the attached file.
Divine Indian

0 0 Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

0 0 The motivation factor plays very important role for every student. students should teach in such a way that, they can apply their learning for betterment of their society.
The educational infrastructure in rural areas are very poor so, the students belong to rural areas never get most of the opportunities because of lack of information & knowledge.
I am requesting our government to concentrate over basic schooling infrastructure in rural areas so the students can join main stream.#MyGov

0 0 Sir,
Please ask children to refrain from excess use of mobiles during examination because unlimited chatting with friends or social network usage interrupts their continuity and concentration in studies when each minute is important.They will get enough time after examination to be with their peers.Mobile is major distraction during their preparation for examination but he students fail to understand this.

0 0 In Indian philosophy every sanskar is defines to achieve some change, Education or Shiksha is also a SANSKAR and meant for changes. The present day education system is providing good information to get LIVING [money] but not about how to live LIFE………our education system must tell them about the purpose of Life, where money is one parameter, and not the only parameter. It’s the Health, happiness, self-acceptance etc. are also consider as important ingredient for an educated person.

0 0 Subject: Control the Islamic Students
Please refer the attached file.
Regards,
Divine Indian

0 0 bache jinhe different exams aur last year papers plus important dates and latest updates ki knowledge nahi mil pati hai. All about exams app se unhe proper guidance milti hai isliye  unke liye ye beneficial hai..........

0 0 Subject: One rule for ruling party and opposition party
Please refer the attached file.
Regards,
Divine Indian

0 0 Preparation
Time frame:- 2-4 weeks before exams. (1 week or the night before also applies-take your pick).
schedule:- Wake up in the morning.Attend lectures and come back to your room. See the looming routine hanging overhead. Let out a sigh of exasperation thinking that next day surely I will start the preparation. Procrastination reaches all time high during this time in my experience. While taking a stroll around the hostel I have always seen some people are pouring over the books with.

0 0 Sir
There is a problem with our education system. Most of our study is based on craming our books and then reproducing it in our exams rather than understanding. We need our studies to be more vocational. They need to be more application based.
We need them to boost our talents and interests right from the starting. It is difficult to have entire course changed but I think we can start by having one period every day for every class in which we can learn how to boost our talents and interest.

0 0 Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

0 0 Hon'rable Prime Minister ji,
In 2013, Xavier Niel, the French Telecom Billionaire who learned to Code at 16 on a Sinclair ZX81 and dropped out of school to work on Minitel phone-connected monitors declaired the education system did not work and decided to reinvent it by funding an ambitious merit based Coding School (Ecole 42).
In India, we are also sailing in the same boat, as educational Institutions are over powered and admissions are made based on donations,with fake degree issuance.

1 0 Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

0 0 Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

1 0 A Right Solution to Control Dearness in Present Scenario

0 0 Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

0 0 Some major problems  faced by students giving exams at various stages of life esp. those giving competitive exams like engineering, medical ,  other graduation entrance exams, non availability of important dates regarding exams, sample papers , proper guidance to enter various Indian Institutes at one place. Recently I came across an application on Google play store “ ALL ABOUT EXAMS”  which has very sincerely overcome the above issues and guide the students in all aspects.

1 0 Sir,The existing exam oriented learning system in schools should replace with a system to evaluate/identify  the interest/potential/skills of a stud't from lower classes.Interactive sections with stud'ts/teachers/parents will help to get an outcome.The stud'ts can be routed/guided according to their performance basis,from H.S classes onwards.Average/LD students should give options to select subjects for the final exams,ac'dg to their talent.Aim the overall develop't of stud'ts with diff IQ/EQ.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
  I want to suggest about the scholarship of researcher.In many institute it is provide to all the researcher but somewhere it is given to selected researcher. I am very disappointing its discrimination with researchers.you always talk about that India is too much far away from Research.if you will not provide any scholarship to researcher then how it is possible to do qualitative research.So please share some ideas about Researcher scholarship who is not getting.

0 0 All Private Schools must be brought under Right to Information Act. Most of them are violating laws, diverting funds, do not comply with Govt GRs, do not form PTAs, and have poor Safety and Security record. 
My 7 year old child, who always gets best grades, was seriously injured twice in 3 years the School (including fractured bones, teeth, bleeding mouth), and school did not inform parents nor took responsibility for the child in their custody.  How to enforce confidence?

0 0 The examination of all board should be taken on same date . this will help country to reduce the loss of time. It also help to prevent forgery

1 0 Sir, it is common to see students having to apply for re-evaluation in the CBSE board exams,and most of the times their requests are also genuine. So don't you think at some point it could be the fault of the examiner as well. Some examiners only give the average marks, that too BLINDLY. We as students are quite confident on ourselves and we know how much we can score in these examinations. Therefore I request you as a STUDENT myself to please reinitiate the re-evaluation scheme in CBSE.

0 0 Respected Modi Saab, I found that, there is no any my favorite party in my local polling station. This is my request to please allow all the citizen to put their one time vote from anywhere in the state, where he/she found his/her favorite party/candidate. This time again I am not interested to submit my vote due to limitation of my (citizen) choice. Thanks & Regards, Devjit Sarkar, Jalandhar, Punjab.

0 0 I salute our respected P.M.,I requested to all students who will present in first time in board or academic examination always kept patient & first read all question thoroughly and then decided that which questions do first,I think that which question will understand completely do that first. Never attempt to cheating because it will diverted you wrong way,and make you dependent upon cheating.

0 0 One of the reason for tax evasion is people not asking for receipts/bill for their purchase in stores/shops and which opens window for shopowners to evade tax. If Government of India wants to really think about Corruption free India implement some innovative ideas to get rid of this situation like Lottery system where per day/month if endusers/customers sends their printed bill then government will allow the tax amount of the bill repaid in their account.

0 0 Dear Sir,
This is very sorry to say today education has no practical knowledge at all. The knowledge is only theoretical based knowledge which in market no value at all. Recently Mr. Sunder Pichai visited in INDIA and discuss the same thing. If we want to reduce the pressure , there is lot of amendment is need to be done  for shaping Better INDIA.

1 0 I want to say that to our prime minister MR.Narender Modi.
sir a big issue in E.S.I format process when u give a simple rule about E.S.I for al employed for her health but some hospital not give E.S.I facility but cut E.S.I fund and when a person go to E.S.I a big que is facing and plroblems also 
so i requested to u please give a rule about all hospital for E.S.I purpose .

0 0 It is requested to Prime Minister
Please Read My letter 
Vinod Singh

0 0 Dear sir
Yhis kind of bissnus is 
also part of corruption

0 0 Sir,
 My son used to  carry a heavy school bag due his books and class work copies.One day I struck upon an idea. As per his Half yearly and Annual syllabus, I separated the lessons in each subject and re-stitched his books.  This way I was able to reduce the weight of books to half. Now, my son feels lighter and happier.This is simple and easy and all parents can do it.It is pointless to carry whole book the whole year.
Jai Hind 
HN Mishra
YZ-10, Sarojini Nagar.
New Delhi.

0 0 मेरा एल.एल.बी. जनरल हो चूका है, स्पेशल याने की थर्ड ईयर में हु. मार्च में क्लियर हो जाएगा.  आगे पढ़ने के लिए मुझे घर और परिवार से दूर अहमदाबाद जाना पड़ेगा... 
में चाहता हु की कई सारे स्टूडेंट्स एल.एल.एम् करना चाहते है, पर लॉ कॉलेज में एल.एल.एम्. नहीं करवाने के कारण कर नहीं पाते है. 
आशा है, मेरी बात आपके कानो तक पहोचेगी, और आप ये मेरी बात को कच्छ यूनिवर्सिटी तक पहोचायेंगे.

0 0 respected sir,
          please sanction same payscale to pharmacist in health department of state goverment and central government.also,please create multiple posts of pharmacist to each institutions.
               thanking you.

0 0 A campaign...for...pre election defection law...

0 0 This is Mrs.Swathanthrakala Ambati,Teacher in science,Telangana social welfare residential school,nelakondapally,khammam district.
I am very happy to get an opportinuty to share my view as teacher regarding the education system and examination pattern. The old system of education was better than today's system. today's curriculum is not giving complete cognitive development to the child.it is believed that schooleducation is only a basis for getting job in future.

0 0 This is Beulah of Class 10 ,Telangana social welfare residential school,nelakondapally,khammam district.
it is a great opportunity to share my view regarding the examination system.the pattern of examination is good,but our textbooks are not giving complete knowledge regarding the syllabus.please revise the text books to help us to get complete knowledge and understanding of the syllabus and have sound basic knowledge.thanking you sir,

0 0 गुड ईवनिंग सर
 आपसे एक आइडिया शेयर करना चाहता हू कि हमारे जीवन का आधा भाग एसे ही निकल जाता है हम अपने जीवन मे केवल कुए के मेडक बनकर रह जाते है। हमारे जीवन का मकसद केवल पेसा कमाना ही रह गया है लोगो और देश के बारे मे सोचना तो बस एक सपना सा बनकर रह गया है। आपसे अनुरोध है कि हमारे यूवा को आप प्रेरित करे कि वे जन भावना के साथ जीवन का आनंद ले और हमारे देश कि प्रकृति जो अलग अलग जगह अपना रूप निखारती है उसका आनंद ले। हम वो सब कर सकते है जो हम सोच सकते है और हम वो सब सोच सकते है जो आज तक हमने नहीं सोचा

1 0 "Discussion For Safe Future of Every Young Talented, Professional Candidate & Make India Great Again!"
Major flaw In Indian Higher Education Entrance and Recruitment Policy in PSUs.
To Stop Brain-Drain share your opinion by answering the below mentioned question.
Is There Any Strategy Available For An Efficient or Most Eligible Candidate To Make Him/Her Enter In An Opportunity By Considering Equivalent or Bypassing Entrance Exams In India?
For More Detail, Click on https://goo.gl/veRkpz

0 0 Dear Students,
For those who are in class X, this is the first time you are going to face Board Examinations. Your performance will be judged on the parameter of questions developed and checked by external teachers. So you have to work on all aspect of examination means Theory, Practice, Practical, Concentration, Time Management and Consistency.
For those who are in class XII, you have tasted board examinations in class X and are aware about the situations student face in those days.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सर्वप्रथम आपको सादर प्रणाम जो आपने देशवासियों को आपसे सीधा जुड़ने का मंच दिया ।
आपसे निवेदन है चाहे कम से कम सरकारी रोज़गार प्रदान करवावो राज्य सरकारों से किन्तु जो भी पद आए उनको एक निर्धारित समय सीमा में पूर्ण करवाने की कहे,जिससे युवा भ्रमित न हो व अपने नये लक्ष्य की और गतिमान हो राष्ट्र निर्माण में योगदान कर सके व आपके भ्रष्टाचार मुक्त भारत के सपने के सहभागी बन सके व तनाव मुक्त हो पुरी मेहनत से लक्ष्य की और बढ़े ।
नमन आपको प्रधानमंत्रीजी
जय हिन्द

0 0 If youngsters are repeatedly and seriously injured in the schools, and lose a significant academic session, how can we reduce their pain and pressure for the exams? Suggestions with real incidents provided in enclosed document. The schools need to treat each Student and Parent as their valued customer too...

0 0 Respected Narendra Modi ji,
In my view our education system should stress on overall development of the child. In the sense, our educations should make our students Physically ( through Yoga), Intellectually ( through Studies ), Morally and spiritually strong through education. Intellectually one can gain knowledge through various information sources but what I feel more important in the present scenario is moral and spiritual education which changes the mindset of the students.

0 0 Dear PM Modi Ji, Namaste, Please emphasize students
-To be a part of our nation's Growth story in the years to come.
-Please ask them to be positive towards nation ( not to listen to " kuch bhi chalta he " attitide)
-Please  lay foundation  in their mind to inculcate  " India first, India our nation " thinking and Constitution is the ultimate guideline.
-Please request students to be innovative  and achieve something for Country's Growth.

0 0 exam and education for the needy and  poor is easily accesible with internet / online exam whci would require less no of teachers and lower government cost

0 0 Honourable Modi sir,I would like to convey my message here,that students must think of their nation along with that as we all know "Vidye Vinayam Dadhathi".Todays generation students are forgetting this, hence they must respect their teachers.This will make sure them to a have a certain goal where they can dream and fulfil it.
 Education will give u the knowledge of books where one must be prepare to face the life exam .Marks & grades cannot be judge any student caliber.

1 0 Dear Modi sir,
Congratulations for various tremendous changes that you brought to the country.My request is , sir... Please increase the age limit for Bank jobs(clerical/po/PGDF).This will benefit many married women who want to start their career again.BANK jobs are the one which give regularly notification and quick results with transparency.we are not asking relaxation in marks.we just want Please give us a chance to attempt exams.Age limit is very low 28 years only.Please increase sir..

0 0 HONB'LE PRIME MINISTER SAHEB 'S WORKING SYSTEM VERY VERY GOOD. SIR I REQUEST TO YOU ALL GOVT. POLICY FOR POOR AND NEEDY PEOPLE NOT DECIDED ONLY BPL RATION CARD LIST. BPL LIST NOT A FULL RIGHT LIST.MAXIMUM ECONOMICALY HEALTHY PEOPLE ARE BPL LISTED.SIR, STARTED SELF-DECLEARATION FOR ECONOMICALY WEAKNES(LIKE- SELF ATTESTED).SIR, STOP RELIGION BASIS QUOTA,START ECONOMIC CONDITION BASIS QUOTA. THANKING AND PRAYING FOR YOUR LONG LIFE IN THE SERVICE OF THE PEOPLE.

0 0 India is trying hard to become a developed county in the world but a country in which the teachers are not happy can never become no.1 sir in private education sector not all but major portion of institutions are exploiting the talent of young teachers they charge huge fees from student but give only a little to the teachers,because of salary deficiency the actual skilled youth dont want to become teacher this is causing a great damage to the roots of country because teachers are the makers

0 0 hello sir as we all know that terrorism  is one of the biggest problem in our country but slowly a bigger problem is being developed.That is a force of educated people with no job,now the question is if they are educated why they are not having job?the problem is they have not gained the education they have purchased it,the private collages are simply working on give and take they take money and gives the certificate of education kindly take some strict action to make education corruption free

0 0 For Students,
1. As the examination date is near the students should refrain themselves from studying new topics. They should rather 'Revise by practicing extensively'(ROPE) what they have studied.
2. Practice Past year Ques Papers.
For teachers, They should avoid making statements which can loose the moral of students.
For Parents, They should tell the importance of education without stressing what could happen if they fail. The psychology should be to be optimistic yet conveying message.

0 0 ब्लैकमणि से ज्यादा जनसंख्या कंट्रोल जरुरी है |अन्यथा कुछ ही वर्षो में भारत के लोग खाने के लिए सोंचेगें कपड़ा मकान तो दूर की बात है| आप रूस को देखें ,ब्रिटेन को देखें ,अमरिका को देखें ,कनाडा को देखें जर्मनी, जापान को देखें | जय हिन्द |जय भारत |

0 0 Dear Pradhan Sewak Ji
My suggestion is to plant fruit trees on vacant land available on sides of Roads Railway Tracks etc.whereas presently GOVT is planting trees like safeda, popular , sheesham etc.
By planting fruit trees like Mango, GAuva, Lemon, Litchi, Papita , their is abundant of fruit available to local people, it will generate local employment, helps is keeping environment eco friendly, moreover also income generation opportunity for Govt Departments. also helpful to birlds etc.

0 0 Dear,Modiji,
                 Congratulations for your  ground level actions whitch are suitable for fostering Indian culture and heritage.Keep up your tempo and momentum towards the ordinary people of the country.Kindly take steps for injecting Bharatiya values in peoples life.Dont get discouraged by opposing wind.

0 0 परम आदरणीय मोदी जी भारत के लिए काश्मीर का समाधान जरुरी है |देश की जनसंख्या कंट्रोल जरुरी है| ताकि सभी भारतीयों के लिए को सभी योजना का पूर्ण लाभ मिल सके |भारत भी एक शक्तिशाली देश बनसके |और भारत फिर से विश्वगुरु बन सके |

0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी
       देश मे लिया गया नोटबंदी का निर्णय अच्‍छा है इससे कुछ हद तक काला धन रखनेवालो को नुकसान पहुंचा है लेकीन अभी भी सोना,चांदी या जेवर के रुप मे ये पैसा देश मे मौजूद है इसके लिए उच्‍चवर्ग तथा निम्‍नवर्ग के हर एक बॅंक ट्रान्‍झेशन पे टॅक्‍स लगवाना और डिजीटल अकाऊटींग एवं मायक्रो एटीएम की सुविधा जारी कि जाए ताकी हर एक ट्रान्‍झेशन पे कडी नजर रहेगी एवं उच्‍च वर्ग के दिए जाए वाले पगार की या मानधन की रकम की मर्यादा तय हो, जिससे की वित्‍तीय तुट को कम किया जाए और आर्थिक विषमता कम होगी

0 0 Dear modi ji,I noticed in student life that large no of govt teachers teach tuition to students ,charging them huge fees for completing syllabus in resp. subjects.I suggest they should either be completely banned or well qualified uneducated ones be given chance of teaching tuitions  so they can uplift themselves from menance of unemployment and poverty.So in this way they be uplifted and students be benefitted simultaneously.Each n every govt teacher be kept under strict eyes of various agencie

0 0 परम अादरणीय माेदी जी मै हुसैनगंज लखनउका िनवासी हूंं  िवषय सेहटनेके िलए क्षमा करे ये  देश की पु िलस िकस िलये है ये अाज देश कीलगभग सभी ग िलयाे के हालात लगभग एेसे ही हैं जहां पु िलस अंदर अाती नही अाैर अगर अाती है ताे ये ग िल के इन गुंडे बदमाशाें व नशे िणयाें से सीधे साधे लाेगाें का जबरन समझाैता कराती है इन्हें क्याें रखा गया है इससे ताे अच्छा हाे िक अाप ग िलयाें काे सेना के हवाले कर देे वे कम से कम ये इन गुंडाें से भयवश या पैसे के लालच में न पडकर अपना कतर्व्य ताे िनभायेंगे। कृपया इसकी अाेर कुछ करें

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Modi Sir, 
Please address my concern and let me know, if any mistakes. 
Thank you

0 0 परम अादरणीय माेदी जी मै हुसैनगंज लखनउका िनवासी हूंं  िवषय सेहटनेके िलए क्षमा करे ये  देश की पु िलस िकस िलये है ये अाज देश कीलगभग सभी ग िलयाे के हालात लगभग एेसे ही हैं जहां पु िलस अंदर अाती नही अाैर अगर अाती है ताे ये ग िल के इन गुंडे बदमाशाें व नशे िणयाें से सीधे साधे लाेगाें का जबरन समझाैता कराती है इन्हें क्याें रखा गया है इससे ताे अच्छा हाे िक अाप ग िलयाें काे सेना के हवाले कर देे वे कम से कम ये इन गुंडाें से भयवश या पैसे के लालच में न पडकर अपना कतर्व्य ताे िनभायेंगे। कृपया इसकी अाेर कुछ करें

0 0 namaskar,
mera ek mantavya hai ki jab govenment ma election hota hai ya kuch servey hota tab sarkari karmachariyo ki jagah sthanik jo yuvan hai unko registerd karke unko training deke unko kaam pe rakkha jaye to uske 2 fayde hai ki jo berozgar hai unhe rozgari milegi aur jo government employee hai wo apne kaam mein dhyan laga rakhenge
kya ye mumkin hai?

0 0 modi ji a
aap ne demonetisation ka decision kafi aacha liya h
hamara samarthan hai
pr logo ke pass abhi purane 500 &1000 ke note hai galti se bhul se rah gaye hai
mere pass bhi 1500 rah gaye hai krupaya last chance ke bare me soche

0 0 परम अादरणीय माेदी जी मै जयनारायन लेन हुसैनगंज लखनउ का िनवासी हूं ये हमारी देश की पु िलस िकस िलये है ये अाज देश की लगभग सभी ग िलयाे के हालात लगभग एेसे ही हैं जहां पु िलस अंदर अाती नही अाैर अगर अाती है ताे ये ग िल के इन गुंडे बदमाशाें व नशे िणयाें से सीधे साधे लाेगाें का जबरन समझाैता कराती है इन्हें क्याें रखा गया है इससे ताे अच्छा हाे िक अाप ग िलयाें काे सेना के हवाले कर देे वे कम से कम ये इन गुंडाें से भयवश या पैसे के लालच में न पडकर अपना कतर्व्य ताे िनभायेंगे। कृपया इसकी अाेर कुछ करें

0 0 परम अादरणीय माेदी जी मै जयनारायन लेन हुसैनगंज का िनवासी हूं ये हमारी देश की पु िलस िकस िलये है ये अाज देश की लगभग सभी ग िलयाे के हालात लगभग एेसे ही हैं जहां पु िलस अंदर अाती नही अाैर अगर अाती है ताे ये ग िल के इन गुंडे बदमाशाें व नशे िणयाें से सीधे साधे लाेगाें का जबरन समझाैता कराती है इन्हें क्याें रखा गया है इससे ताे अच्छा हाे िक अाप ग िलयाें काे सेना के हवाले कर देे वे कम से कम ये इन गुंडाें से भयवश या पैसे के लालच में न पडकर अपना कतर्व्य ताे िनभायेंगे। कृपया इसकी अाेर कुछ करें

0 0 Respected PM SIR,
I'm ICWAI Student, We students appear for CA, CWA, CS Exams a many times, at first it looks that EXAM Is difficult BUT IN ACTUAL EXAMS ARE NORMAL, but he paper checking done by Institute from Non-experienced normally CWA Passed candidate, where i feels they DO WRONG. Previously i USED OUR GOVERNMENT'S RIGHT to take COPY OF ANSWER SHEET, I found " Suggested Answers" given by INSTITUTE was same as MY "ANSWER SHEET"  IN OBJECTIVE TYPE QUESTION ! Many student do suicide for thi

0 0 Respected Sir,
My opinion regarding reservation quota..

0 0 sir  it is need to get all the rural area in youer personalunder observation  because youer to take at least one rural area gode me lo  not not taking seriouselyneed youer strict boservation sir  in my area when loksabha mamber come and go  really dont no so what is the developement dont know goverment policies shoud be declier newes paper and expected proper implementation done loksabha member over youer watch imp.

0 1 Dear Sir,
1.Introduce Vedic Maths in our Pre-University Education.
2.Please support electric automobiles just like you supported LED bulbs by waiving tax.
3.Introduce OTP(one time password) for all card transactions.
We are with you sir just make our country a developed nation.

0 0 Aadarniy pradhanmantriji
Aapne chalaye notbandi aur kaledhan ke khilaf mahaabhiyan ke liye dhanyavad
Bohot yojna hai Jo aap desh hit me liye chala rahe hai jaiseki pmkvy ujwala yojna ho ya awas yojna ho o puri tarah jin logo KO dhyan main liye aap ne chalaya hai usamain bhi much log hai jo paiso ki mang karate hai muse anubhav bhi aya hai lekin muse bharosa hai ki aap sabh thuk kar denge pura desh aapke sath hai
Main aapko vandan karta hu bohot bohot ghanyavad

0 0 Dear Sir,
I has such a engine technology it will make revolution in world. My this project has published in indian patent journal.
I have an idea to reduce the pollution with almost negligible expense.
Now i want a appointment of at least 5-10 min. respected Modi sir(PM-INDIA).
I think my ambition cannot fulfill because i belongs to poor family not a celebrity.
Regards
Sonpal singh

0 0 Respected sir,
Please Give reservations in IIT & NIT for Poor peoples .IIT and NIT full of upper class peoples.
Diesel crane operator ,forklift operator and other crane operator courses wanted in skill india mission. Please puplish advertisements in local news papers
These courses are more value to improve skills so please start these courses in tamulnadu and other states.
Large fishing boat driving training centers wanted in all states.
Thank you sir
    Jai Hind

0 0 Voter id last 5 years I have not recd I am applying many times but no response
within 15 days it has to reach their house those who applied  u charge  no problem  but it should reachc by speed post

0 0 priy modiji,abhi jo state board aur CBSE ke syllabus me jo difference hai wo band kijiyega HRD ministry se baat krke. kyunki CBSE me wahi bachhe admission le pate hai jinke maa baap ke paas  paisa hota hai.  garib bachhe to CBSE patern wale school me admission le nhi sakte, uske karan z.p aur nagarparishad ke school me hi garib bachhe padhte hai. 12th ke baad ye bachhe competition ke bahar ho jaate hai kyunki unke paas paryapt advance knowledge nhi hota hai.to pls sir pure india me syll.same kr

0 0 now 20 % initial payment is there then how low classs people will purchase a house by loan 5% initial payment should be there then only lo class people will get d house
For Aadhaar Card every 1 km there should be aa centre should be there then only people will get d aadhaar very immediately here more than 5 kms are there arom my house that too 30 2 40  token s are issued  per day   pl arrange a lot of aadhaar centres very immediately   change of address  etc etc  will have to do very

0 0 sir  youer goverment polices are not  reaching up micro rural area. sir now a dayes rural is totally pending from goverment good policies.  .specili reasearch , reputed reasearch industries ,it hub biotech reasearch hub,  indiais fantastic oppourtnuties for biotech reasearch. sir i think that thr is need to apply to one goverment policies like , if any companie set  his industries in rural area specially micro rural area then goverment gives a special  subcidies to that companies. sir youer obse

0 0 Respected Sir,
1.In GST Please introduce heavy tax on hard cash transactions in Retail outlets for non domestic commercial purposes and some cash back offers on debit / credit card /Net banking transactions.
2.Please plant trees from swach bharat tax

0 0 Sir,the planning for requirements of next generation engineers will be realised only if faculty with depth of knowledge are appointed to engineering Institutions. Unfortunately due to rampant corruption people with depth of knowledge are bored with current examination system. Therefore, while appointing people for examination work please provide high remuneration and take stern action for violators of the norm or lazy people who are incapable of evaluation.
Dr. Shivanand M. Handigund

0 0 Sir, My request is about of different topic, couldn't find proper contact form on this website to send my request. In haryana, https://egrashry.nic.in website should be upgraded so that entire vat or cst tax payment process becomes online through net banking of all banks. Currently only challan formation process is online but payment deposit process is manual. Improved customer service in the entire process would be appreciated. Thank you

0 0 माननीया मोदी जी, सीबीएसई बोर्ड और स्टेट बोर्ड के sellabus में  अंतर होने से १२ वी कक्षा के बाद स्टेट बोर्ड के स्टुडेंट्स को comptitive exams में होने वाली समस्याओं का, क्या हम सम्पूर्ण भारत में ९थ के बाद एक ही sellabus लागुन नहीं कर सकते जैसा कि NCERT sellabus, कृपया HRD मिनिस्ट्री को इस पर कोई NEW policy बनाने कि कृपा करें....धन्यवाद

0 0 Respected Sir, During your upcoming speech I would request you to voice on young generation to join armed forces. This would inculcate a habit of patriotism, discipline and responsibility towards the nation's integrity which is lacking in the younger generation. Most of the people fear or are least interested in joining uniform services and only want to be a part of white collared service.
Thanks n Regards
Amarjit Kumar Rai
Petty Officer (Retd.)
Indian Navy

0 0 Namaste Dada ji
Kl humne bade harsh or Ullas se Republic Day celebrate Kiya mein ye kehna chahta Hun ki kyu na hum ye patigya kre ki iss saal 2017 Ko JB humare Desh ki azaadi k 70 saal pure hone vale toh kyu na hum iss saal Apne Desh ko Kachare aur gandagi se aazad karate #PMonRadio #Air #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 I, Rajesh Kumar Arunachalam a farmer by birth and profession hereby,humbly
suggest that considering the prevailing issues in India, it is highly inevitable to
introduce INDIAN PENAL CODE(IPC),as a subject to our students in HIGH
SCHOOL.The knowledge about IPC,which is the major criminal code of
India,moulds them to evolve as a responsible and lawful citizen of India, avoiding and eradicating criminal offences in the society to a great extent.
Current situations strongly demand this subject

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी
सादर प्रणाम
मैं गिरीश डागा NCERT certified Child Counselor हूँ और पिछले 17 सालों से लगातार बच्चों और parents से संवाद करते आ रहा हूँ।
इन दिनों जो सबसे ज्यादा समस्या लोग ले के आते हैं वो है lack of concentration।
ये भटकाव आता है एक साथ बहुत सी बातों पर ध्यान देने और distractions से।
इस बारे में मैं बच्चों को अर्जुन का उदाहरण देता हूँ। गीता में श्रीकृष्ण ने भी इंद्रियों को वश में करने की बात कही है।
pl open PDF file atached

0 0 Respected PM I am a student of class 11.last year i had my 10th board examinations, and they went quite well. A little anxiousness is indeed common for every student having his boards for the first time but with patience hard work and concentration the goal becomes much easy to achieve. Keeping these things in mind i wrote my exams and i scored a 10CGPA. Another important thing is to keep ourselves away from negative people and thoughts and even if the marks are not good one should not lose hope

0 0 Dear Mr. P.M.
My suggestions are:
1. A meditation class of 10-15 min be introduced in each school. To be conducted by experts only.
2. A bi weekly class on soft skills such as Time Mgmt, Exam Preparation, Memory Building Techniques, Goal Setting, Anger Mgmt & other life skills be conducted in each school by experts. These steps will be helpful for overall development of students.

0 0 Honourable Modi Ji,
Request for introducing IPC in our curriculum.

0 0 Hon. Shri PM
My suggestions are,
1. All the universities at least in a state should have same teaching syllabus for a subject.
2. The pattern of education should be same such as some universities have only one subject at Third yr graduation while others three subjects.
3. Semester system does not allow the students and teachers a freedom for extra curricular activities.
4. semester system causes loss of manpower, stationary and money on the exams which the students do not retain the kowled

0 0 Respected Sir ,
I am medical aspirant , working hard for NEET(UG) exams . The exams are proposed to be held in three months.
Now the government tries to implement capping it to three attempts which never existed in past.
Sir , implement it from next year ,because this year everyone is prepared for it and this rule will stop them from appearing in exam and curbing their chances .
Sir , your motto "Fair Chance to everyone"
Sir please look into it.
Thanking You.

0 0 Respected Sir,
              First of all i would like to congratulate and express my gratitude for successful accomplishment of RD parade events. I would request/ suggest you to kindly invite producers from our bollywood to make a real life movie on our beloved martyr Late Havildar Harpang Dada (Ashok Chakra, posthomous)Indian Army and it will be appreciable if the role of Hav Dada would be offered by to Amir Khan b'coz he bears a look of such kind. 
Thanks N regards
Amarjit Kumar Rai
IN

0 0 #mannKiBaat_27-01-2017

0 0 I remember right through my school and college days, exams would always produce anxiety, I worried about what questions would come.  I was of course very happy go lucky through the year and would cram last minute for the exams.  What I found very useful in time for exams would be to pray to God to enlighten me as to what I should study.  It always worked, I would get just the right questions :)  However, it is important to study throughout the year and also pray to God for guidance.

0 0 Dear Mr. PM
Few suggestions for students:
1. Meditation classes for 10-15 minutes to be made compulsory on daily basis. School to hire meditation experts.This will help considerably in Child overall development.
2. Besides study and sports some soft skills like, Time Mgmt, Anger Mgmt, Exam Preparation techniques, Memory Building , Goal Setting, Vedic Maths, other life skills etc. be introduced in the curriculum and classes be conducted by experts. This will also help them.

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Please atleast  encourage the TEMPLE SCULPTORS  MY padma award application not consider since 2002, I HAVE SUBMITTED ALL DACUMENTS i am one of the renovated artist in the world ,kindly see my bio-data.till i am waiting ,
thankq,
Dr. a.velu, world records winner,  mail.avelu101@gmail.com.
(0)
Dislike
(0)
Reply
Report Spam
Share

1 0 Respected Sir,
1.Please make cashless transactions compulsory for all educated people.
2.Make it mandatory to use bio-metric verification in all banks for each and every transactions without which computer must 
not allow bank employees to make payment or receive cash,link it to adhar ID and PAN number.
3.Make bio-metric compulsory in Sub-registrar office, all GOLD shops, automobile show rooms and all retail outlets where 
Cash transactions exceed Rs.5000.

0 0 most of jandhan account holders has deposited money in their account without knowing the problem.
Now we can give option for No Claim declaration by account holders. We know all these amounts are benami money. if We give this option govt will get immediate money and account holders will get relieved from this problem.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री और MyGov Team के सभी सदस्य गण,
भारत सरकार
Respected All,
The Times Higher education world university ranking 2016-17 के recently publish world सर्व्हे में टॉप 100 ranking में हमारे देश के विद्यालय और विश्वविध्यालयो ख़राब performance यह भी हमारे देश के लिये बहुत बुरी और चिंताजनक baat है तो इस performance और education का ratio बढाने के लिये parents, teachers, बच्चो और पुरे देशवासियों को maan की baat से अपील करे
जय हिन्द जय भारत
आपका 
प्रकाश तेली
जलगाँव

1 0 मोदी जी,आपकी भ्रष्टाचार एवं दहशतवाद के विरूद्ध लढाई मे हम आपके साथ है, पर एक सामान्य मणूष्य को सबसे जादा तकलीफ आर टी ओ, तहसील और तलाठी कार्यालय से होती है|अगर किसी भी तरह यहा से भ्रष्टाचार खतम हो जाये तो इससे बडी राहत अौर कोई नही। सम्पूर्ण भारत एक बार फिर से आपके साथ खडा हो जायेगा।

0 0 Respected PM,
Education system is the base of all systems. But from primary school level to IIT/IIM, the system is full corrupt. Hence the future of India is not bright. The coming generation is not being trained to fight with circumstances. As India is the youngest country, if you erase corruption from education system within 2 years, India would be the best in the world in 10 years. Slogan for skill India then only be realized.
Dr. S Bandopadhaya, Asst. Prof. in Electronics & Comm

0 0 Respected PM,
Students must get benefit of their efforts. Each & Every activities should be accountable.
Students should not be considered PASS/FAIL just delivering his performance in Exam Room. We must appreciate their efforts & contribution during their entire span of school.
All student wants to study & there should not be Fear of Exam which only decides their entry to next level.
Attending Class,Behaviours,Participation & other activities should be also considered to go next level.

0 0 #AIR #PMonRadio #MyGov #MannKiBaat

0 0 सिनेमाघरो में जो फिल्मे दिखाई जाती है ।उसमे अश्लील सिन होने से दिमाग पर बुरा असर पड़ता है।लेकिन जो फिल्मो के पोस्टर सार्वजनिक स्थानों पर लगाये जाते हे।वो भी अश्लील सिन का पोस्टर चिपकाते हे।जिससे स्कुल आने जाने वालों रास्तो पर ये पोस्टर लगे रहने से लड़के लड़कियों के दिमाग पर बुरा असर होता है।और अक्षर बच्चे गलत कदम उठा लेते है।कृपया ऐसे पोस्टरों पर भारत में पाबन्दी लगानी चाहिए।जिससे देश का नोजवान पथ भृष्ट ना हो।जय भारत जय जवान  जय किसान।

0 0 Respected Sir,
As a student reservation is great cause of unrest. Will it be possible to give reservation to particular economically deprived community on a rotational basis. Say for 7 Years, it will help develop a generation of that community. Thentransfer the same to other needed, government can elect certain community get vote in Upper or Lower house and decide to be fair. Once a community is elected for reservation with this process, they will not be privileged for the same for next 2 terms

0 0 Can we re-sale or re-cycle motor vehicle which are kept in Police Station, there big problem for space around police station area and road block also. After re-sale or re-cycle motor vehicle we can earn huge money and upgrade our police station. May be some judicial reason for not re-sale but some time bond can for damage the same (MB: 9650101559)

0 0 Respected pm sir:- I am from Karnataka State our state problems in higher education prasently in our state and any minister and higher education secretary. not interested to recruit the physical education teachers and there is lot vacancies is hear but any budy. not interested sir .3 times 1 grade college recruiting hear in all subjects. but there is no posts in physical education teacher  and there are lot of vecance hear in adaid 1 grade college s . and government degree colleges .

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Please atleast remove application fee discrimination & age relaxation for Oc/OBC students in Govt.jobs.Make it equal for all.

0 0 If you can solve the agrigold case it will makes you the way to enter in A.P.Beacuse there are more than 50lakh depositers in this case.Use assets for govt purpose instead of developing new offices for govt purposes.This is other solution. I hope if you can study the case definetly you & Your team will better decisions than me.But be fast.

0 0 Respected PM sir,
Good morning,
I would like to inform you about the Agrigold Depositers issue.Depositors and agents face severe problems in this situation. Courts are passed days but not taken any fast action. So please look into issue to solve immediately.I have solution to solve the issue.
Take all assets in to your control and pay depositors immediately.After that develop the assets and put in auction it will definitely give more than double returns than your investments.

1 0 Respected P M Sir,
Good Morning
Now it is fact that the Government Primary Schools are doing their job as per the need of child education, majority of primary school teachers are not responsible against their duties, and another side private schools they have already created financial burden over the parents on the name of education however in the private schools their exploitation of parents not only the parents they are also exploiting to the educated unemployed youth.

0 0 Dear Honorable PM Mr. Narendra Modiji,
My son Vivaan Kotnis (age 6 grade 1) had a drawing competition in school for Republic day. He drew on the paper and also wrote that Happy republic day and "make your policies more stronger". As a curious mom I asked him what policies would he like to change at this age and he told me 10 of them. He said I would like to send them to the PM's office to get his response. So I am attaching the letter he wrote to you in the PDF format.
Best Regards
Vaibhavi

0 0 sir in the exam day student must be calm respect to each one & full confidence that i can...little meditation(exercise) happy all the time.

0 0 Respected Sir,As you know Kendriya Vidyalayas specificaly provide quality education to the wards of Central govt employees from different regions of country.Its very painful if these students are not given proportional share in professional educational institutions and had to lose out to the criteria of regional reservation.With just 2% percent like in Gujarat state even the best in merit lose out.As students from state also study KVs proportional reservation would only do justice to all

0 0 So sir i want to say that if communication skills ,teaching skills will become change then students will come daily at education sectors and lecturer and teacher motivate to students at college then board and state lebel board exam result will become nice.

0 0 Respected sir,
I live in Ranchi district Jharkhand state.
Sir when i joined at Doranda college i saw lots of students donot ask question to teacher /lecturers due to reason are poor communication skills of lecturer /teacher.
Some students share own problem with me &I always motivated to him/her at college &i tell to among students if want to become success then you will have to make friendship with your books because book is nice friend in our life.
And its best result showing in exam.

0 0 Respected Sir ,
Please required the strong law Violence against women in India
need Strong law

0 0 Respected Sir,
"Thank you so much to your keen support" 
It is kindly request to you plz setup the Grievance Settlement Team
It is kindly request to you Please Need to focus on "Elections fund" Please Active the Team cbi ACB for Election fund corruptions As per Indian Constitution every indian have right to give ideas for the same.

1 0 Respected Prime Minister,I being a student of B.A. Part-1,feel that there should be no marks to be displayed in marks card such as 70%,95% etc But instead I say that in marks card only pass or fail should be mentioned.Because we cant a student by only marks scored in examination & Hence I also feel that even reservations in marks should also stop because it has created a bad impact on clever students.Hence I request you to suggest this thing to our Education Department.

1 0 Respected PM sir,
I Chandan Kumar Behera  request you that "There should be a student grievance cell in every state like the state commission for women". Because everyday a student take suicide in our India. This is due to harassment from institute,from teacher, from parents etc. That can resolve many problems like ragging,sexual harassment,institute harassment etc...Sir please do that.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, Path breaking suggestions, Thoughts, ideas etc  through this portal if  awarded suitably it will encourage more talented people to suggest even more.

0 0 China's growth story is maily because of cosumption pushing the demand and GDP has grown in two digits. My suggestion is that to increase the consumtion, 5 or 10 % of take home salary of all government,psu, private sector employees to be distributed in the form of food vouchers in  RS 10,20,50,100 etc denomination which can be exchanged in all shops, hospitals, mall, hotel, services, markets etc. This practice is presently prevalent in IT ompanies and in some multinationals.It shall be taxfree

0 0 Mr.PM,First a big thank you for all your effort to make India clean.Now,for all our youth taking their Board Exams you tell them they will reap the fruits of their hard work.They should remember these exams are only one phase and not the end.Read all the questions and start with your favorite ones.Success is yours.

0 0 dear sir, mera naam pradeep hai my sirf itna request karna chahatha hu ki jinake paas property nahi hai unko jaldi loan nahi miltha agar miltha hai tho thoda dete hai aapne jo bhi loan scheme kiya vo saari bank manthe hai ya wo uska upoyog karna dethe hai ya nahi please saare bank follow kare iyasa kuch kare thank u sir

0 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Modi Ji,
Sir Good Morning and have a good beginning of the day !
Jai Hind ! Swachh Bharath , Ek Bharath Shreshtha Bharath !
God bless you...your's leadership qualities are so admirable ... it reaches to all corners of our societies...Continue with your hard work... our nation India will cherish and overcome the challenges in this competitive world ! We are all with you ! Jai Hind !

0 0 Dear PMji:
As you know, an English proverb says"Justice to be done and it should be seen to be done"  Similarly, the govt. is doing lot of developmental works in India since assuming office. Most of the medias don't these for their own reasons.   There should be a TV [from party] to showcase the developments being done and people should really see those! Doordarshan is not sufficient.  Our own TV called Kamal[Hindi]Lotus[Eng] Thamarai [Tamil] should do this to highlight achievements! Namaskar!

0 0 Sir,
I live in New Zealand but my heart is always work for India 24 hrs. Every year I see many students commit suicide after exam or after the results. This year I request you to add this area to motivate our children. By saying it never will be your last exam if you don't do good. If it will be from you then it's impact will be more and atleast some of the young lives we can save. As exams are always stressful in India but when I came here children enjoy schools more than holidays.

0 0 सरजी,
एक खास विषय पर आपने प्रतिक्रिया मांगी है.हम आभारी है.
परिक्षा मे सुधार तो लाना है.देश भर एक ही सिलैबस हो.जिसपर संशोधन और बदलाव लाने मे आसानी हो.अलग अलग विषयोंपर परिक्षा होनी चाहिए.बच्चे की अभिव्यक्ती जिस विषय पर है.उसको वही पे काम अभ्यास करने का मौका मिले.
सबसे महत्वपुर्ण बात यह है की,
आजकल टेक्नीकल शिक्षा की बहोत जरुरत है.उसके लिए परिक्षा कम मायने रखती है.जादा तो प्रात्यक्षिक Practical की जरुरत हो.आपका  और भारत वासियोंका जो सपना है.डीजीटल ईंडीया का वह जल्द जल्द साकार होने के लिए.

0 0 Modi sir
I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor schedule tribe student,I am challenging you, our nation can't bring Olympic medal, Oscar award and development of country without the involvement of village talent skill and village participants,.Natural talent skill is reside within the village .So we should respect the talent and skill.so I want to add one more
JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN JAY BIGYAN AND JAY KAUSHAL
JAI BHARAT

0 0 Up main  combined sarkar Banegi aur Rahi exam ki to AAP naukari ke exam  ki baat kijiye. Padai ka exam Mikel jayega public ab naukari ka exam chahti hain Jahan per departmentally promotion exam n ho vahan per departmentally exam board exam mein main AAP ka  kya role. Bina Apne mare Swarg nahin milta Modi ji

0 0 There are three main ways to face any examinations: Prepare prayerfully, Proceed positively, Pursue persistently. I took CBSE 10th & 12th finals in 2014 & 2016 respectively. Neither was it extremely challenging nor was it extremely easy for me to earn CGPA 10 & then 96.8%. Avoid memorizing without understanding the content. Understanding what you learn aids better recollection. Ask for help at the earliest. Eat & sleep well; health is wealth, especially during exam time. You can do it!

0 0 hello sir i am anisha garg preparing for #ssc-cgl exam. and my tier2 exam was cancelled then it was on 12th january 2017.. and it was changed in terms of pattern and difficulty level. many ssc-cgl aspirants are facing these problems.. like paper leak, cheating on centers, server problem. sir please please go through once on ssc-cgl process. i will be very grateful thank you.

0 0 Namasthe sir! I have attached a pdf here to share my views for preparing for exams.
I wish all our students all the very best!!
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt

0 0 Jai Hind Jai Bharat . Jai JAWAN Jai KISSAN.
Maan ki baat hon'ble modi ji
Everyone from Ashoka to Atal Bhari Vajpayee lack to India Become To first in all accept . Modi ji you don't repeat history one again . We all learn form history and create Bhart as sona ki chidiya .
Jai Hind Jai Bharat
Har har mahadev

0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी ,
             Exaam में किसी के फ़ैल होने पर मार्कशीट में फ़ैल ना लिख कर ट्राय अगेन लिखने से उस छात्र की मनोदशा को पास होने के लिए प्रयासरत कर पाएंगे और फ़ैल होने पर आत्महत्या जैसे कृत्य मनोदशा बिगड़ने पर ही होते है इन्हें रोका जा सकता है
सिर्फ एक शब्द को बदलने से ऐसा छात्र हित में मेरा सोचना है
अशोक जोशी
9782303020

1 0 सर किसी भी exam में पास नहीं होने पर मार्कशीट या नोटिस बोर्ड पर ये नहीं लिखा होना चाहिए इससे मनोदशा पर फर्क पड़ता है
उसकी जगह क्या ये शब्द काम में ले सकते हे
पुनः कोशिश करे or ट्राय अगेन

0 0 Respected Modi Sir - When I Graduated with My MBA Degree in 2007 I felt that my Finance studies will help me to enter the corporate world. But the Corporate world is completely different from the studies. There is a lot of gap with advance Corporate world and the Degree Knowledge. The Education tours and Industrial visits wont help the students to the Maximum extent. The curriculam needs to be mapped with the new trend and more of practical not theory. These will help a lot with advance world on

0 0 Sir
It's intuitive that students should be tensed during exams, being a student I would say, exams should be like carnival where students prove their skills. Our system gives little window to practical and even practicals are to be memorized the way they are written there is no room for inovation. Students should see implementation of concepts on platforms like youtube to supplement their preparation. CTET's result is worrying, it shows the burden on students and why Tution system is increasing

0 0 Does anyone from government authority even see these comments?
They are so many in numbers.
PMonRadio#AIR#MannKiBaat#MyGov

1 0 Students appearing in upcoming exams should not be frightened of.Because this fear of exam will destroy your will and can make you unable to score a good result.Just make the practices for you as practice makes a man perfect.

0 0 Sir, To make India healty, Our Childern should be healthy and they should eat healthy food. So in all school/College canteens,need to have healthy food like Sprouts, fresh cut fruits, fresh fruit juice, Grams, salad etc. Compulsory Yoga, Meditation and one Physical sport is necessary for all. Keep body and Mind healthy and should have good sleep of 7~8 hrs during exams. Pray to God every day and thank him for all he has given to us and remain happy and satisfied within. Help others.

0 0 सर नमस्कार मै दिल्ली के सरकारी स्कूल में अतिथि शिक्षक के पद पर कार्यरत हूँ, मैं सबसे पहले बच्चों को अच्छे परिणाम की शुभ कामनाएँ देता हूँ। मेरा मानना है कि बच्चों को तनाव से दूर तथा घर का माहौल प्रसन्न रखने वाला हो। बच्चों को पढ़े हुए पाठ को ज्यादा से ज्यादा लिखने का अभ्यास करना चाहिए  टेक्नोलॉजी का स्तेमाल कर जो सामान्य मोबाइल फोन में भी होती है, पाठ को रिकॉर्ड कर उसे ज्यादा से ज्यादा सुने फिर लिखे फिर उसका मनन करें लगातार ज्यादा समय तक न पढे़ दिमाग को भी आराम दें
रजनीकान्त त्रिपाठी
9968574951

0 0 Do not get scare for exam take is as only one footstep which you have to climb
Don't see as a race enjoy it
Even though fails don't worry this is just an exam
Keep cool in exam days don't read much rather than relax and most of time go to sleep

0 0 dear modi ji,
mai aaj ek dimak ki baat karna chata hu. government office mai kaam kar rahe sabhi logo ki job targetable job ho jaani chaiye, yahi nhi aur unse unke pure din ka kaam  ki jobsheet ready krani chiaye.

0 0 Sir, Children should do planning and follow process to achieve their goal and should not panic. They must play 30 mins every day and do yoga, eat healthy breakfast and food (fruits, vegetable, salad, soup, dry fruits(almonds,walnut, kishmish, NO-Kaju), drink 8 glasses of water/day, small meal within every 3 hours, take proper sleep and relax and study. Parent should talk to kids, and hel to resolve any difficulty. Parent should be friendly and motivate and support kids. Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.

0 0 Dear Modi sir, Happy republic day.
Sir thank you for giving this opportunity for share views on our academic exams.
1.Our present education system was correct for global standards?(Once think on that and compare to other edu sys).
2.Education means learning of concepts not copying etc, but present education system        mostly encourage copying.
3.Please update our education system from byheart to concepts.
Reading will be forget after sometime but learning never forget and ever remember.

0 0 परमादरणीय जनप्रिय प्रधानमंत्री भारत सरकार,
महाशय!
मैंने20/09/2016 को एक पत्र(RF025670457IN) पी.एम.ओ. भेजा था।जिसमे मेरे( 20 आविष्कार)गणितीय फार्मुले थे। ये फार्मूले गणित तथा तकनीकि क्षेत्र मे सहयोग कर सकते हैं।मेरा यह निवेदन है कि इसे उचित सिलेबस मे लागू करवाने की कृपा की जाय इससे सभी विद्यार्थीयों को प्रोत्साहन मिलेगा क्योंकि मैं भी एक शोधार्थी हूँ।इसके साथ ही मुझे सूचना भी उपलब्ध करवाने की कृपा की जाय।धन्यवाद!

0 0 माता पिता बच्चों पर ज्यादा अंको का दबाव न डाले प्लीज़ इस बारे ने कुछ करो

0 0 Dear PM sir,
our education system focus more on knowledge and theory rather than learning,outcome and practicle approach.
though changes are on, my view is we should more focus on 
1.case study based education in particularly in  schhol and  colleges.
2. there should be vedio format teaching in schools specially 1 to 8 as in US,UK etc. 
thank u.

0 0 परमादरणीय जनप्रिय प्रधानमंत्री भारत सरकार,
 महाशय!
मैंने20/09/2016 को एक पत्र(RF025670457IN) पी.एम.ओ. भेजा था।जिसमे मेरे( 20 आविष्कार)गणितीय फार्मुले   थे। ये फार्मूले गणित तथा तकनीकि क्षेत्र मे सहयोग कर सकते हैं।मेरा यह निवेदन है कि इसे उचित सिलेबस मे लागू करवाने की कृपा की जाय इससे सभी विद्यार्थीयों को प्रोत्साहन मिलेगा क्योंकि मैं भी एक शोधार्थी हूँ।इसके साथ ही मुझे सूचना भी उपलब्ध करवाने की कृपा की जाय।धन्यवाद!

0 0 India Need Same type education each and every level poor and rich people get same education and poor person possible there children take good education and each and every government servant child take education at government school then this corruption stop in this field.....same this feature  at hospital system....my humble request to you modiji take priority this point good education and cheap education,good hospitality and good health each and every one and good job this basic think in india.

0 0 Sir,
First and Most a clear rule should be brought to all the schools on what age a child should be admitted to schools. Today for making business they take children who are just 2 years and amount of pressure given to them is equal to 5th standard.
 Fees my god it is not at all to the standards of teaching .They are robbing money in other forms of starting education intuitions. This has to be brought under control. Today fees for Toddlers are higher than MBA /Diploma fees .

0 0 Sir
Removal of ctet and tet from teaching job eligibility is not right.
Due to ctet and tet,only intelligent students come in front for getting jobs.But it is removed , then past condition is also come back. And maximum intelligent students go back due corruption. So, I suggest for all ctet and tet are continued.
Ok sir
Thank you
Yours truly

0 0 Exams offer a life long learning experience. My learning from exams were:
1. spend time in planning. Reading a planning the questions may take 5 minutes extra, but saves the mental stress and black out.
2. Do not panic
3. Have strong basic fundamentals. When you do not know the answers, these basics will help you to derive or find answers
4. Stay focused.

0 0 To									  Date: 27.01.2017
The Honourable Prime Minister of India,
New Delhi.
Sub.: Introducing of Mobile App for Biometric Attendance for Govt. Employees-Salary–Reg.
Respected Sir,
	Presently, the Aadhaar based  Biometric attendance implementation for Govt. employees is not became compulsory due to several reasons (Sometimes machine is not working, Sometimes Wi-Fi/Internet is not working, Sometimes not opening the room(Peon), … etc.).
  Please see the attached file.

0 0 My son,  myself and wife had got an opportunity to meet former President Dr. A P J Abdul Kalam,  which gave my son lot of motivation for his study,  he got first in 12th in school mostly because of this meet.         We too would like to meet you and Hon'ble President if possible one day.  Kindly permit

0 0 doing pranayam daily shall help students to get more concentration and relieve tension.  Particular during the times of examination, if they devote some time to Yoga and Pranayam, which will have tremendous effect.

0 0 increase the tax levy on reserved castes as it is the only way to eliminate the reservation in india.This should only applicable to those who have taken the benefit of reservation in any form .This way either two things happen one in either increase on revenue of elimination of reservation.

0 0 Saman nagari kayda Aur retirement ki age 55 sal

0 0 my son is studying in B Tech Final year at NIT surat.  Due to my present financial condition  I shall not able to send him abroad for higher studies and research (which he likes most in science and Maths subjects),  If Govt promotes Research study opportunities in India with less financial expenses,  definitely we would like to do the same.

0 0 my father died one day before my final degree exam day, i was under lot of stress, after relatives and others reached, funeral took place in the night and we reached home next day morning at 4 a.m.  My exam was on that day at 10 a.m.  I remembered about the words of my father " study well "  keeping this in mind I appeared for the exam., eventhought I was not well physically and mentally.  But because of the thorough determination to pass, by GOD's grace I passed the exam. I want to share thi.

0 0 Young India needs skills and professions clearly pointed out from beginning. 15 lac Engineer students pass out from Govt and Private Eng Institutions every year but the standards are extremely poor.They are not incorporated in Market due to deficiency.
It is proposed that young students should focus early on career and acquire deftness as all professions are same today ; one should be master but.

0 0 sir,
I am an engineering student from Chennai.The education provided in these affiliated colleges is of no use.we dont get much practical knowledge .we are made to study lots of  theory where the syllabus followed in our country is outdated.This is why lot of  students are migrating to do their  higher studies in foreign countries.lot of brain drain happening in our country.We should be trained how our industry wants to reduce unemployment.there is a huge gap between education and industry need

0 0 Request common entrance Test ,interview and central merit list for all Sainik Schoools and Mil Schools across India and centralised admission on the pattern of NEET.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Can't we fix any monthly pay for farmers as farming is also a job? So that they can feel secure financially. I have seen so many cases, where no farmer wants their child to be a farmer because for them its less secured and less dignified job. But if we think from the base, doing farming is most dignified and noble job as they are fulfilling our basic necessity. And farmers are not living a good life what I have seen so far. Please do reply I have so many things to share.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Two most important factor for Exam preparations are developing  Self Efficacy
and avoid getting trapped by Test Anxiety .

0 0 Modi sir
I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor schedule tribe student I am challenging you our nation can't bring Olympic medal, Oscar award and development of country without involvement of village talent, skill and village participants.we should respect the talent and skills.so I want to add one more
JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN JAY BIGYAN AND JAY KAUSHAL JAI BHARAT

0 0 Uniform Education Code:  Create a uniform education code, with one state language and one link language (Sanskrit or English). English as the link language could also help people to skill themselves and prepare for the upcoming job challenges due to massive automation.  Reduce school hours for wrought learning. Increase time for play,innovation and experimentation

0 0 R/sir,
you are coming to Kotkapura, Punjab on 29th and i m big fan of u. i want to take selfie with u. Plz

0 0 Hello Sir
Education system me itna reservation q hai? Ak garib ka ladka jo UR hai bhat mehanat sa achha mark leka pass hoya or ak amir ka ladka ossa bhat kam mark k sath pass hoya fhir v os amir ladka ko NIT me seat mil gay q ki oska pita SC hai. Wo jo garib ladka tha oska pita k pass utna pasa v nahi hai ki private engg college me dala.
So itna mehanat kar k mark laka faida kaya hota hai?
I hate our education System. Issa srif talent loss ho raha hai. :(

0 0 Produce Indians:  Our education system produce citizens who have no regard for anything that is Indian. Please revamp our education system to produce patriotic Indians.

0 0 Respected Sir,
The best method to study and retain knowledge eternally is "LOOK, SAY AND WRITE" learnt at my School. But I feel while saying it aloud 'IT SHOULD BE PICTURED IN MIND' and the gist of it should be written in one own's Mother Tongue. with regards, D.R.S.Kesavan, Chennai.

0 0 sir,jab indians ek sath hoke border par ghumne jaate hai to vo pakistan ke border or pakistaniyo ko piche chod dete hai naarebaji me, or vahi baad me khudh indians hi ek dusre se lad jagadte rehte hai,sir hamari india ki democracy kuch strict krni chaiye jis se college me ragging or ladai jagde kam hosake, har koi apni shaan se jeesake.Sir mostly sucide cases study se related milte hai,sir hame ise khatam krna chaiye,study pe jo pressure with tension ko kam krna chaiye
Mankibaat sun ni chaiye

0 0 Bulk increase of seats in Collage like IIT, NIT and medical(AIPMT) are require immediately. Children face great pressure to compete such exam. Because of limited seats.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Its time to rapid reform in our education system in total India.
It should be "One India..One Education.." - means all states and UT's all India should follow one syllabus and one exam system.
You should strictly implement detention system for quality output in our education. 
You should discourage the Private education and encourage the Government Institutions.
We should work together and built India into a Strong and Knowledge India.
Thank You.

0 0 Dear modi ji, I m a asst. prof. Sir students are busy with their study and trying to do their best in the future exams. But I am little worried about the certain examination centers where still copying is allowed. Is there any way to stop such malpractice? Needs strict contro? Such things are really frustrating to several students who are doing hard work. Once the exam is over, there should not be any delay in declaring the results and next admission programs like admission to degree programs.

0 0 Dear modi ji, I m a asst. prof. Sir students are busy with their study and trying to do their best in the future exams. But I am little worried about the certain examination centers where still copying is allowed. Is there any way to stop such malpractice? Needs strict contro? Such things are really frustrating to several students who are doing hard work. Once the exam is over, there should not be any delay in declaring the results and next admission programs like admission to degree programs.

0 0 Sir,
I wish we remove all debit or credit card & all ATM machine should have bio-meteric thump sensing so that we can place thumb & put our code for withdrawal it will be save & also more reliable.

0 0 Sir,practical  is important  then theory  because in companies we need practical not theory.

0 0 Firstly.... There shouldn't be VARIOUS BOARDS. As this creates disparity in the judgement of result as well as disparity in knowledge infusion among them.

0 0 Sir,
We always say Indian culture should be followed more.
But if you see our education is totally reverse.During Holi,Diwali most of the board/school exam are conducted as a result we can't enjoy our festival & get shifted to western culture.Please change this so that we Indian can enjoy our festival.

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Sir,
I would like to draw your attention towards the improper education system of rural areas of our country, though there are lots of schemes to provide quality education to every child at school level we don't have one for higher education.The examinations like JEE,NEET etc which requires extra preparation is not available for the students of rural areas so they fail to secure seats at elite institutions like IIT/NIT or any Centrally Funded Institutes.Lets help them.

1 0 Sir,
I am using UPI App.but it's unsafe.
No security system.In case any one open my app he can transfer money in a mint.
Hence we should introduce 2 level of security system.Below is the list of features to be introduced in UPI app
1.One password for App.log-in.
2.Second 4 letter password for transaction so that in case someone opens app also but no transaction can be made.
3.We should have feature in which we can decide fund transfer limit which can be change as per need.

0 0 have Nationalism after Educations complete and also be confidential in our India against Corruptions
Keep study partially on our Traditional subjects like Plays/ Foods/ Festivals,... will give creates activity to your mind and also helping to do R & D in your life
Be an Voter or Noter and trying to keep Housekeeping of surrounding is enough to our Nation in front of Tourists, rest of will done by our Political leaders within short periods

0 0 for up coming 29 Jan '17 मन की बात
for Students - keep safety by Bad habits like Drugs, Ganja, हवाला, मामले, etc togetherly inform to your Parents & other's Parents also if you got any information for sale of your friends. Try to catch Good friends like Good Nature, Good Adviser, supporter, .. etc
After Educations - do whatever jobs you gets for income instead of sitting idle till reaching steady life.
Try to convince to your Parents/ other''s seniors about Nation's housekeeping

0 0 Sir,
Kindly abolish the VIP culture from this country. Abolish the use of beacon light and siren by political class and bureaucracy both at center and states.This is not only derogatory for common man but also humiliating. This kind of step will go a long way in empowering the common citizen and dissuading the goons from entering the politics. This step will give huge political dividends to your party. This is tough but quite doable.

0 0 Honorable prime minister sir,
I am an civil service aspirant and a common citizen of India resides in Lucknow and having my roots to a small village in up.
Sir I have an small suggestion. Sir please mention n focus on specialised agri activities lyk fisheries pearl production hony production in North as well.
The central Institute lyk CIFA Orissa is thr but no one knows abt tht. If u mention tht in man ki bat all will knw nd it will improve the entrepreneurship in India tht helps in GDP

0 0 Honorable Prime Ministerji,
Students must be motivated positively to appear for the exams. They should be explained very well the importance of the exams. Prepare the students so that they not only clear the exams with flying colours, but they can face the worst situations. Prepare them for the Global Competitions. Prepare the students in the area of Technology, Sports, Business,etc , so that they can make India PROUD.
All the  best for the students who are appearing for exams!!!!

0 0 sir,the idea of one common entrance exam for mbbs and engineering is a good one but if a student falls sick or any such mishap ,and is unable to appear for the exam on that date,entire year's efforts nd money would go waste which would lead to a lot of mental frustration.So ,like exams like SAT and GRE etc have more than one attempts in a year and best of all scores is taken....i suggest in our country also there should be 2 or 3 attempts allowed and best score should be the valid score.

0 0 hamare priy prime minister shee Narendra Modi ji republic day ki hardik badhai!!
sir pahlibar hame aisa mahsus ho raha hai ki desh me kisi parti ka neta nahi balki ek PM karyrat hai hame swayam par garv ho raha hai.
Sir

0 0 Sir we give our board exams in march and we get results in may.. Dont you think its too long ? I asked someone why does this happen and the answer i got was "government ka kaam he, late toh ho kar hi rahega" . More than the results coming late.. This sentence hurt me more.. I wish to see the change in People's mind about my govt. and their too..As my country's govt. doesnt deserve comments like this. Please decrease the gap between results and examination. Please🙏

0 0 for better promotion of indian students inteligentness not by marks from 10th,12th marks or degree. choose the student by physical interest in field either technical or acadamic. Even a our student completed phd in engineering they are able to do the project him/her self. so justify students interest by simple practical test before they have to write school examinations.find out the way to implement this do future india.

0 0 DEAR RESPECTED SIR,
                   I AM NAMRATA SHAMANI MATRAVADIYA FROM RAJKOT. I PASSED OUT MY PH.D. EXAM FROM THE HOME SCIENCE DEPARTMENT OF SAURASHTRA UNIVERSITY THIS YEAR. SO FOR THAT I SELECTED  " AWARENESS OF CASHLESS IN COLLEGE STUDENT "  SUBJECT FOR REASERCH . I WANT TO CONTRIBUTE FROM MY SIDE TO FULFILL YOUR DREAM OF CASHLESS INDIA ALSO I WANT TO AWARE COLLAGE STUDENT OF RAJKOT ABOUT CASHLESS TRANSACTION AND BECAUSE OF THAT I SELECTED MY SUBJECT " AWARENESS OF CASHLESS IN COLLEGE

0 0 Sir i  want to say that students have to give time for examination. there is very less time for preparing for papers.Sir i request you to please do for this problem

0 0 Sir,
Children are busy studying for exams.But,in quest for Olympic Medal for India,parents are worried how to allow children to travel in UNRESERVED seats for Sports National Championship.State Sports Association select players only one week prior to National Championship.Plz allow State Sports Association to block book in Railways under their name & allow actual players name list substituted 48/72 hours prior to actual train departure.This will allow children to concentrate on exams in peace.

0 0 sir, i want to implement a system in which students only have to study subjects which they want to and there isn no any compulsary sunject.

1 0 quite reservation system from eduaction it is creating a problem as a general category did nt get a seat in cllg having 83% and an sc student get the seat having only 34%
plz reservation is not applicable in our education system

0 0 Sir, after declaring results pls ensure that date of joining be given in time. The court cases about jobs like in group 1 posts of AP & TELANGANA took several years. Pls look into such matter. Pls provide good  infrastructure for higher education and ensure private participation such that we attract foreigners instead we move to foreign universities. Thank you.

0 0 sir meri ek choti si request h.....or vo request divyang baccho k liye h,,,,desh bhar me jitne bhi divyang bacche h...jo school jate h....un bachho ko ghar se le kar jane or school se ghar tak drop karne ki suvidha kijiye kisi bhi tarikey because ,, bahul se aise divyang bacche h jo bilkul chal nahi paaty,,,,,,,,islye vo school nahi ja paaty or vo pad nahi paaty...isliye meri ek request h dil se..plz in divyang bachho par dhyan dijiye or unk liye school aany jane ki suvidhaa kijiye......taki vo

0 0 A request to u to about the results of competitive examinations. Various government job aspirants have been made to wait for months for results. No certainty in exam dates. For example if u take SSC Junior engineer exam,it has been postponed twice. If the results given in time or fastly student may look at or their opportunities so that our country may not loose such a valuable human resource. Also pls guide states so that state jobs released in a regular manner like upscale or ssc.

0 0 sir meri ek choti si request h.....or vo request divyang baccho k liye h,,,,desh bhar me jitne bhi divyang bacche h...jo school jate h....un bachho ko ghar se le kar jane or school se ghar tak drop karne ki suvidha kijiye kisi bhi tarikey because ,, bahul se aise divyang bacche h jo bilkul chal nahi paaty,,,,,,,,islye vo school nahi ja paaty or vo pad nahi paaty...isliye meri ek request h dil se..plz in divyang bachho par dhyan dijiye or unk liye school aany jane ki suvidhaa kijiye......taki vo

0 0 sir meri ek choti si request h.....or vo request divyang baccho k liye h,,,,desh bhar me jitne bhi divyang bacche h...jo school jate h....un bachho ko ghar se le kar jane or school se ghar tak drop karne ki suvidha kijiye kisi bhi tarikey because ,, bahul se aise divyang bacche h jo bilkul chal nahi paaty,,,,,,,,islye vo school nahi ja paaty or vo pad nahi paaty...isliye meri ek request h dil se..plz in divyang bachho par dhyan dijiye or unk liye school aany jane ki suvidhaa kijiye......taki vo

0 0 Sir,  I think we should teach in our schools about how great our philosophy was than the western philosophy. How everything we achieved earlier in civilization, about which people are still researching. I really think our syllabus has to be redrawn. Since childhood a child should know about greatness of civilization he/she is a part of. Secondly i think knowledge is best learned in the language of his/her mother tongue. I request you to apply this at all stages of education both school & college

1 0 sir, Iam b.tech Civil student preparing for competitive exams for last 6 months.I belong to unreserved category.our state A.P. is giving coaching to only reserved category.why can't it should be given to all students who are willing to take coaching.Atleast make all students equal in this aspect because learning doesn't come under reservation.

0 0 Today we have many source available to understand the pressure of exams (net surfing) and many connections (people ofcourse) who give us advises. I would like to quote that listen to your elders, understand your stand take the advises/suggestions which goes well with you for your exams preparation. Every student is different. So is the thought process and the execution of the same for them. So don't compare yourself with any one. Be positive, have faith & do pray. Just give your best.

0 0 सफलता के लिए योग्यता अतिआवश्यक है.अंक किसी योग्यता का पैमाना नहीं.विद्यार्थियों को अपने भीतर योग्यता को बढ़ाना चाहिए.जिस भी विषय में रूचि हो उसमें पारंगत होना चाहिए.माता-पिता को समझना होगा कि बच्चे जिस भी विषय में रूचि रखते हो,उसमें योग्य बने.अंकों को योग्यता का आधार न समझे.न ही बच्चों पर दबाव बनाए.योग्य व्यक्ति ही समाज,राष्ट्र व विश्व में ख्याति प्राप्त करता है व समाज को अपने गुणों से लाभान्वित करता है.सरकार को आरक्षण खत्म कर योग्यता को आधार बनाना चाहिये.जिससे विद्यार्थियों का मनोबल उच्च बना रहे

0 0 Sir ,
I dont know why central government is denying special status for AP when it is much needed for the state , I request you to look forward into this and grant special status to Andhra Pradesh , we had many hopes on you don't let us down

0 0 For Class XII English, I would like  to advice the students to prepare the  very long composition questions of the writing section by going through The Hindu- Open Page, and Essays from CSR and for value based answers they may read the editorial of CSR. Every student taking the board exam must go through the text books chapters at least 7 times with understanding as it is psychologically believed that to remember words for longer time let that pass before your eyes at least for 7 times.

0 0 हमारे देश में कई ऐसे दिव्यांग है जो कही पर भी आसानी से आ जा नहीं सकते लेकिन यदि कुछ विशेष सुविधाए समाज में उपलब्ध कराई जाए  तो यह दिव्यांग लोग भी आसानी से कही पर भी आ जा सकते है विशेष सुविधाए समाज में उपलब्ध हो सके इसलिए में प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी से अनुरोध करता हु की वो अपने कार्यक्रम मन की बात में समाज को यह मार्गदर्शन दे की दिव्यांगों को कौन कौन सी विशेष सुविधा चाहिए और इसे किस तरह समाज में उपलब्ध कराया जा सकता है

0 0 Respected sir, Firstly I would like to thank you for the great step like demonetisation. I am a teacher appointed under sarva shiksha abhiyan. I m thankful to SSA for reviving education system through fee less education, mid day meal and other grants. I work at my level best to educate my students. But a teacher's effort is disturbed when he does not get salary for 7 months. My state is Manipur. SSA teachers r even looked down by other staff of the same department. Plz do the needful

0 0 Hello sir, please reply my message

2 0 Dear Prime Minister, As a student in the past & parent now, I gist below few critical points with my exeprience reqd just BEFORE examinations:
AA) FOR PARENTS:
1. Never COMPARE your children progress in studies for the examination with other children's progress/method.
2. Never force children to score 100% in every subject & get First Class always.
3. Every student has his own talent.
BB) FOR STUDENTS:
1. Give your best to your ability.
2. Keep cool, clam & steady
3. Don't panic.

0 0 Must Read those appearing for any exams:
One more thing wants to add that is Emotional Intelligence. One of the most important parameters for all the students. Control their emotions through intelligence like Nervousness during exam hours, anxiety before the exam and more... Please talk to your Parents/Teachers about this. They may guide you in a better way.
Regards,

0 0 Hello Sir, I would like you to discuss the problems aspirants are facing now a days. Name an exam which is fairly conducted from JEE,PMT exams, SSC exams and many more. We have seen similar issues with CAT exams this year.
Associations like SSC have made mockery of job exams.True aspirants are unemployed because merit of exams like SSC-CGL is touching the sky.
I would like to know sir what steps are being taken to protect the interest of young, frustrated,unemployed and hardworking aspirants.

1 0 1. knowledge is power
2.we can also achieve good success if we use our free time and positive views.
3.teachers are like a candle that burns it  give the light of knowledge to the students.
KHERAJ RAM P G COLLEGE BARMER

0 0 society and family should not put more stress on student expecting more than what they deliver.
School/ college should live in realities of competitive world where performance of students are much below what they get in School.
school education should make more practical orientation where they learn how to earn and live dignified life in future.

0 0 Do well, plan your studies, be confident, modi sir vl provide  you  good  education  system  and also jobs for you, work hard you will surely succeed, all the best  gnmahesh2007@gmail.com

0 0 Thank you to the government for initiatives like maternity benefits announced in speech on 31 Dec 2016.

1 0 If we have a universal basic income for all, the value of currency will get offset by that much amount. It's all demand and supply game which determines the value of currency and even exchange rates. Schemes like MNREGA provide for security to citizens. Humans must move to high value work. Automation machines are also made by companies which in turn are run by high paid humans.

0 0 Respected Sir, the students should have holistic approach while preparing for examinations.

0 0 Sir I suggest an online examination system for goverment school children. Schools have to be equipped with WiFi and TABs. Student can download a question paper from central server into his TAB for a scheduled examination with MCQs. Examinations may be three types. Class subjects, Psychology and IQ. Student can be assessed over a period. Even Teacher's and School performance can also be assessed. District Education Officer can be given the admin role to prepare the question papers.

0 0 I believe for getting admission into IITs/NITs coaching doesn't play the crucial role. It is not difficult for those, who really score outstanding in school exams. Knowledge is more important than anything. Guidance is required to prepared for IITs & NITs. Govt has started a forum with the help of IITs to help & support those students.
Regards,
Som Shekhar

1 0 Aadarniya Pradhan Mantriji,
I am a special educator and teacher and writing to you for the second time.Sir,it gives me great enthusiasm to know your involvement in the future of our children.I suggest the following for our students taking exams.
Firstly - Believe in yourself.You need not score the best of marks to achieve in life.
Secondly - Don't think of getting into only blue collared jobs after college.Join our armed forces or Govt jobs where there are too many vacancies to make a change.

0 0 Sir, We are faced with a problem about encroachments on the common land of our coop society which though very simple, is not getting solved. We have wasted nearly 20 years with civil adm and 15 years with courts. If I am permitted, I will send it in letter form.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister
Today every student dream of getting into IIT'S and NIT'S. But it is really very difficult to get into these institutions without Coaching classes. This is not possible for every Indian student as they can't afford these classes. In fact according to my opinion the board marks must play some significant role for admission in this institutes as at least a poor student id capable of giving his best in boards.

0 0 -Cashless India corruption less India.
-Need strong monitoring over property to reduce corruption
-Future security of tax payers to motivate more people.
-Bati Bachao Beti Padao is the necessity of India But doctors are also necessary for healthy India, so prevent crime over doctors by false fabricated PNDT cases with the misuse of govt power. Because some govt doctors doing these cases for personal benefits.
-Deliver definite durable benefits of demonetization for India
Dr Ram
Surgeon

0 0 Namskar sir I m Teacher my message for students in exam time remember 3 P
1. Know ur Potential(P)
2. Use Power(P)  to achieve which Potential u have
3. Patience(P)
Patience is very important in time of exam or examination hall
For this u use Yoga or meditation for short time
And last u get one and last P
Behtar Parinam
#MannKiBaat #PMonRadio #AIR

0 0 9978

0 0 -Cashless India corruption less India.
-Need strong monitoring over property to reduce corruption
-Future security of tax payers to motivate more people.
-Bati Bachao Beti Padao is the necessity of India But doctors are also necessary for healthy India, so prevent crime over doctors by false fabricated PNDT cases with the misuse of govt power. Because some govt doctors doing these cases for personal benefits.
-Deliver possible visible future benefits to population.
Dr Ram Kumar
Surgeon

0 0 Hey there....
Subjective exams have become so outdated nowadays because of their lack of actual intelligence-measuring capacity. Rather than measuring intelligence, it measures one's ability to mug-up the book and write the answers. Objective exams, on the other hand, measures the intelligence and the hard work done by him/her. You may argue that the student who may not have prepared may get lucky with the options. But the probability is very very less.
#PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 -Cashless India corruption less India.
-Need strong monitoring over property may reduce corruption
-Future security of tax payers to motivate more people to pay tax
-Bati Bachao Beti Padao is the necessity of India But doctors are also necessary for healthy India, so prevent crime over doctors by false fabricated PNDT cases with the misuse of govt power. B/c some govt Dr doing these cases for personal benefits.
-Deliver possible visible future benefits to population.
Dr Ram Kumar
Surgeon

0 0 1.Exams at early stages like Nursery, KG should be given less importance and more emphasis must be placed on inculcating the right moral values like cleanliness, punctuality, discipline, honesty and inculcating a sense of belongingness for the country.
2.Special sessions should be organised for introducing kids to the freedom fighters and drawing inspiration from the life of great men like Swami Vivekanand, Rabindranath Tagore, to name a few.
3.Innovation should be encouraged.

0 0 cont'd, Sir kindly look into this matter, one suggestion is ,make some arrangements to monitor MBBS doctors preparing for PG entrance, console those who not get selected for the seats,by opening enough chances to work them for the people of the nation ,so that skilled human resource in one of  essential services will not get spoiled..like opening special recruitment office of that kind ,with efficient HR managers and social workers .looking forward as I myself one MBBS graduate in such situation

0 0 Honorable PM Narendra Modi,
As we are witnessing heavy snowfall in J&K and near LOC area, we are facing challenges and life risks for our soldiers protecting our borders. In recent times, many soldiers KIA due to avalanches. So, I would like to suggest that these soldiers must be provided by GPS unit for each individual specially one who are in Avalanche-prone areas, so that timely rescue is possible.

0 0 Instead of visiting foreign countries if you have visited the small towns of India and seen the problems faced by students,teachers,schools and common man and tried to instruct the authorities to improve it then it would have been more fruitful.Our children are still appearing for the exam with a fear in their mind to pass in the exam and not to excel in life.

0 0 Modiji we are talking about big promises.But do you think are we making our roots strong .No all the political parties keep on blaming each other just to prove that they are superior than others.But these parties are fighting for themselves and not for the people for whom they are got elected.You also try to prove that Kejriwal or Rahul Gandhi is like this or that but now you are elected the head of this nation by people then why do you represent any political party and why not INDIA only

0 0 1] The exam preparation is not only for 3 Hours of final exam.Read and forget type preparation.Please remember you are preparing for your life.
2] Short cut in preparation / keeping some optional is not right way.
3] Use Text book for syllabus and not guides just questions and answers. If you know/understand the subject No question remains question for you.
4] The exam system is foolish in nature for judging entire year in just few hours. Marks foes not matter , problem solving in real life

0 0 contd, results in confusion?
This starts at UG entrance...from the rank list , initial ranks opts modern medicine, then Dental, the Ayurveda, then other Veterinary,Homeopathy, Unani , Siddha, then Bharm,  other paramedical... And the students when coming out of college are supposed to be part of Responsible group who undertakes health of the people, and Health should be adequate in society ,here please look into the health of healthcare workers sir, average lifespan of a doctor in India..

0 0 Do we think the education system in our country is up to the mark.Just to have good results,the schools are having this kind of practice.How can I teach my child to be honest and fair in her early life if the school (best in the city)is engaged in this kind of practice.

0 0 My daughter is class 1 studying in one of the best schools in the city..She appeared for an exam conducted by some external body in the school.But I was shocked to hear from her that the teachers(belonged to school itself) who was invigilating the class during the exam told many answers to the children.My daughter told me that our teachers made us CHEAT in the exam.Shocking! A 6 year old child is learning this from school.and the senior teachers refused to accept that this has happened

2 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,किसी दिन आरक्षण पर भी रोशनी डालिए कि किस तरह आरक्षण हमारे लिए लाभदायक है और किस तरह हानिकारक? क्या आरक्षण के चलते हमारे देश में भाईचारा बना रह सकता है?क्या आरक्षण से हमारे देश के बच्चों में हीनभावना नही आती है?अभी जैसे हरियाणा में जाट आरक्षण का मुद्दा छिड़ा हुआ है उससे दूसरी कौम की जातियों में विद्रोह की भावना पनपने लगी है? क्या हमारे देश में आर्थिक आरक्षण सही नही रहेगा जिससे देश को बुद्दिमान व्यक्ति मिलें जो देश को आगे ले जाने में सक्षम बनें? इस पर प्रकाश जरुर डालें|

0 0 Cont'd, Sir, Ayurvedic graduates demanding their approval for prescribing modern medicine..whether that can result in societal perception of Modern medicine has got a higher grade? And traditional medicine system will it loose its respect, by own students or practitioners? Sir every system should be respected, but what Bharath claims as its ancestral property ,it is spoiled by those who have more responsibility  in preserving , and philosophy of every system is different, mixing them can result

0 0 Internal marks giving by colleges should be scrutinized properly.in kerala lots of issue happening getting internal marks especially in private colleges.private colleges harassing children.hence pvt college accreditation has to scrutinize properly.the new law has to come inorder to control pvt colleges.college ragging issues has to stop completely. Parent teachers Association has to strengthen including syndicate representation.

1 0 Honorable Prime Minister ,
we would like to draw your kind attention regarding Non Resident Indian (NRI) that we feel unsecured after long valuable service out side from our Country & the future after termination from the Job such as 5 to 10 years of our services their is no source of fixed income to sustain our rest of life in our native country .
we would like to propose for our betterment such as pension scheme, life insurance our any suitable scheme that should be only for NRI.
Regards

0 0 Being Tension free while going for exams is very important. Four hours before start of the exam no studying the answers. Being tensed, you will forget to recall the answer and can get panicky. In these four hours, closing your eyes, quickly go through images of pages you have studied, recall where you have scored good marks for which answer, one sentence answers etc. But in no way try to recall full big answers.
Parents should not set expectations while child going for exams.

0 0 Being a teacher for the past 30 years, I would like to share my ideas on the study environment at home or hostels.Just I request the parents/in-charges to introspect are they giving a calm, peaceful study environment to their wards? Observe ,the children maintain dignity themselves at Our temples,mosques, churches and other holy places because the environment influences and control their minds.In a same way, their study room or place also should be maintained and self motivated.

0 0 cont'd, how many are actually getting the subject of their interest in, medical PG, and how the interest and demands created by estimated monetary benefits in future for each specialty? And if not able to pursue ,can they work with full heart? will it effect the whole society, as it is supposed to be an essential service? Still if somebody ask a kid what his/her ambition is , on an average the reply will be Doctor.. Or parents will make him say,furthermore the conflict between Ayush and allopath

0 0 #MannKiBaat Concentration is the key to Learn. Focus and perseverance on goal is the key to success. No Exam can decide future and intelligence of child. #LearnAndInnovate

0 0 It is a honour to be a part of Mann Ki Baat I am an engineering student doing my 3rd year  regarding exam preparation Exams have always been a game changer or a turning point of life were we have to take it seriously once you have decided to write any sort of exam under any  category  U should know all the details of the exam get your mind fixed yes I am ready to face the exam confidently then the important mission to achieve is preparation be attentive when someone shares their idea and refer a

0 0 I think Primeminister should ask students to prepare for exams with confidence and dont run behind marks. Today Youngsters run behind marks and loose all the energy and motivation in race. Instead they should focus on innovation and learning #LearnAndInnovate. Parents force their child to get good marks by mugging up. Instead they should force their child to use book knowledge and try something new. Such child focussed on Innovation will be more successfully even with low marks.

0 0 continued :-your heart whatever you say to your students they will make it true previous year when i have gone to bombay with my family he has come to railway station and he want to pay my bill but when i said you are student you can not dothis he said sir i have saved my saved my this month stipend money of 6500 for you could i spend this money on you this filled my eyes with tears so dear teachers whatever you are giving to your students they will return it to you one day and make youemotional

0 0 Dear sir, kindly look thorough into the public health system of the country, graduate MBBS doctors while preparing for PG entrance ,are they able to serve with same productivity? How many doctors able to work, before ,during and after PG entrance ? Statistics shows deficiency of doctors esp MBBS in rural India ? But actual no: of pass outs taken into calculation? Kindly look into Opportunity of MBBS doctor in public health, the society demands PG,but most of them unable to pursue ,and its impact

0 0 #MannKiBaat sir i want to share my experience in navodaya vidyalaya in 2004 in 6 class i asked a question 9845/73 a student named sachin gave the answer within seconds i got surprised while enquiring he told the reason he know tables up to 100 by heart i told the class that he will become a mathematician one day now he is doing phd from IIT bombay and he still remember my dialogue of being a mathematician so my humble request toall the teachers give positive comments with positive vibrations by

0 0 How to build economic and educational rural tribal?

0 0 I passed class 12th last year.In my opinion the more they will solve previous year board question papers more they will get benifit also a confidence for exams.No subject is hard but last year Math's question paper was little bit difficult and this time also if Student are suffering from "Mathphobia" not to worry about it..they can get over this by solving previous year papers.Most important thing is Time management.Take care of time.In case of Math's Start solving problems from last question.

0 0 Dear Sir, #AIR #MyGov #MannKiBaat In History when we read about the governor general of Bengal, governor general of India and Viceroys we simple write their name with a prefix of "LORD". For example Lord Lytoon, Lord Dalhousie etc because history of India is written by their historians sir. But now we are independent. It is very ridiculous for us to say them Lord.
Please sir Remove these Lords for History.

0 0 It should be mandatory for all IIT and IIM students to serve the country for at least a few years before they join a job. This would ensure development of our Industry. Higher education could also get more subsidised and regulated by government.

0 0 Namaskar, My suggestion is regarding the PDS system, I am from chilhati village in Gondia dist. maharashtra. Sir to avail benefits under BPL card in my village (for example) almost all the higher income families had made false fully BPL cards And really poor family having APL card. This fraudulent should be removed to develop my mother India. This is the just one sphere where I observed fraud, like this there are other fraudulent operating in villages. I have attached the pdf file for reference

0 0 Sir I am a chemistry teacher in OM Interntional School ,narnaul,Haryana.sir I think that if we teachers work like a true teacher we can motivate our students to become anything they want in the world. I am confident that my students will become such personalities on which India will feel proud .I also think that there will be no need of tuitions if we teachers motivate the students along with studies to achieve there goals. Motivation can do miracles. I strongly believe.

0 0 Plzz sir...education ko caste pr divide mt kijiye...jis education system me kabiliyat se jada caste ko priority dia  jata h wo desh kabhi no.1  kaise bn skta h???? Waise sabhi students jinke pas facilities ni h padhne ki,unsabhi kliye rule ek hone chahiye #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,मेरा नाम अनिकेत सिंह हैै। मै अमेठी उ.प्र.का निवासी हू्ं। मै कोटा राज.में IIT JEE की तैयारी लगभग एक साल से कर रहा हूं,मै अपना शतप्रतिशत पर्याप्त नींद न लेने के कारण नहीं दे पा रहा रहा हूं। एक विद्यार्थी के लिए न्यूनतम आवश्यक नींद के विषय में सलाह देने का कष्ट करें।

0 0 Sorry but there is no place where I can register my complaint.  None of the links of site https://twoyears.mygov.in/ really work.  What use such site has got?

1 0 Respected PM Narendra Modi Sir,There should be one common entrance examination for all Engineering colleges throughout India like NEET for Medicine.All the young students of 10+2 or Intemediate througout India are subjected to lot of "STRESS","MONITORY LOSS" and "TIME for attending different entrance examinations conducted by different states in India.There should be uniformity in selection.One exam like NEET for medicine will free students from STRESS,MONITORY LOSS and TIME loss.Regards,Kennedy

0 0 Every student and parent must think about exam as a test to the knowledge on a subject matter a kid posses rather than comparing themselves with other students , based on these result students and parents must have a healthier discussions on the interest and future of students. because of the stress on scoring higher marks we most often produce more machines with mechanical behaviors than Dr.Abdulkalam, Aryabhatta who were free mind thinkers with eagerness of knowledge not forced upon knowledge.

0 0 its too bad that education loan in india is limited Rs.450000 and for abroad studies there is no limit and avalaible without security. you are here by  requested to rewiew the education loan policy

0 0 Respected PM Narendra Modi Sir, Everything in India is changing except education system. Like in medical entrance there is PCB in syllabus in which whole physics&some ofchemistry chapters are irrelevant as it is of no use in MBBS or any medical field and there are many other fields of education experiencing same problem due to which only bookworms win and innovative students lose which make our country also lag behind. country needs change please bring change
#PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 dear prime minister sir in rural area now the students of government schools are fair about the competitive examination's like UPSC, MPSC so they need to proper guidance for the exams from ground level and due to this get confidence for exam preparation

0 0 Sir, private tutions have become unavoidable for HSSCE. Even teachers advise students to join tuitions. But even after attending HSSCE lectures in addition to private tutions, students do not get enough time to study on their own and in the tests that are conducted their performance becomes very bad so that they become very unsure and insecure for the  final exams.

0 0 I was a student in St. Joseph's High School Thalassery and later I worked as a teacher in Maharashtra Udaygiri College Udgir. Both these institutions produced good results in exams. The secret is they made students write exams every month and half a dozen times just before the final exams. You have to practice writing skills because exams are based on them. Instead of saying walking is good for health say there are only two good doctors in the world - your right leg and your left leg.

0 0 Respected PM Narendra Modi Sir,
The admission process in medical colleges is faulty if entrance is on national level which consists of same paper on same date&time so why there is regional division of states In Maharashtra Rest of Maharashtra region which have more colleges students from that region secure more seats in less marks and students from other region that is Vidarbha&Marathwada secure less seats even having higher marks so please remove region quota #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 राईट टू रिकॉल पुलिस अधिकारी के लिए प्रस्तावित कानूनी ड्राफ्ट :
md5 hash - 2eb4aa7de4b09e9d2805785730ac26f7
sha1 hash - dbe4bf236a5618fd18df44a36fa8c67c2bd43e15

1 0 Not only for exams but for parents teachers and kids we need a solid interactive platform..I am working on one of the platform where they can discuss, entertain,educate,interact etc..Everyone is invited to share knowledge ,support !

0 0 Main upsc ka student hu sir aur maine apne study main ye jaan hai ki maharashtra main shivba i e shivaji raje ko to sab janate hai par shivbasappa i e ved prakash ji aarya ko shayad hi koi janata ho . . Wo Hyderabad mukti sangram ke pahile hutatma hai . . Unki 2017 ye janma shatabdi hai ye . . Uske baare main logo ko khaas kar marathwada main jaankari ho is liye agar aap kah do thik hoga aur unke naam se ek post stamp chap jaye to unka sanmaan hojayega . .23 Feb 1937 ko wo maare gaye. Nitin

0 0 Respected PM Narendra Modi Sir,
I am aspirant for MBBS from last 3 years due to changing pattern as well as syllabus of medical entrance test. There are many faults in system like corruption, there are agents which guarantee seats as well as some of them increase marks for some students in exchange of high amount of money.For this I suggest you to change the mode of examination from offline to online which will provide instant result and less discrimination #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 जब उत्तर प्रदेश के प्रशासनिक अधिकारी ही हमसाज होकर जिला संभल उत्तर प्रदेश में शराब की बिक्री एम आर पी मूल्य से 20 रुपये अधिक कर बंदरबाट करेंगे तो उत्तर प्रदेश में भ्रष्टचार करेंगे तो किसकी जवाबदेही है उत्तर प्रदेश में

0 0 Sir there is a serious need to consider one exam for whole country for 10th and 12 th. Also can we look in to having a case study based exams rather than having theorotical exams. Not related to subject but can you please look up in matter is education cost in private schools and colleges.

0 0 Sir, Kerala a state from which lakhs of students appear for the entrance examinations,has the center capacity to accomodate just 6000 students for the upcoming AIIMS entrance exams.Please provide more centers to the state to reduce the misery of the students.

0 0 making Railways ,rail journey ,railway stations more safest and make our youth employed we can charge 1 or 2% extra in fair from public for their safety and engage at least 4 rail mitra per train they can help passangers in stations also and used for railway security also by this we can engage many of our unemployed youth and generate employment by this Indian Railways become much safer reliable and faster for more details contact Shiv bhanu shukla - 9669058354 ... i have a solution to make Indi

0 0 g eve sir pls try to implement equality education system and Syllabus system for major subjects in all over India thanks

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji
I am Jayapal from Dharmapuri in Tamilnadu.  In my opinion conduct of examinations are required for a student to get graduated.  However it has become a nightmare for most of the students and those appearing for the competitive examinations because the examination results determine their future. Therefore a craft class is needed from the primary school level for the purpose of identifying the real talent a student is having.  He should be groomed in that particular skill.

0 0 sir myself Damodar sahoo from odisha,My opinion upon the exam preparation is,student should know their syllabus before the start of preparation,they need to have the particular talent for the exam,if they don't have it,then perpare for it before to prepare for the exam.after being prepare for the exam thoroughly.they need to, before sometime of the exam,revise all what they have learn don't try to study early before the exam only revise what u have learn.........thats the key to be successfull.

0 0 Sir
please tell the students to do more research work in AGRICULTURE, SPACE TECHNOLOGY, AUTOMOBILE INDUSTRY, for helping the common people and also research on "HOW TO BE A GOOD POLITICIAN FOR OUR COUNTRY".
A political person must declare one new idea which will helpful to our country before contesting the election.
thank you sir

0 0 Respected Sir, Also we have so many cash back schemes, reward schemes but when we celebrate our Independence and Republic Day, I feel bad to see no establishment welcoming their customers with a Tiranga as gift and our beloved Tiranga and other momentoes are only available through the street corner vendors who sell them to make a living during these 2/3 days

0 0 Sir, Exams are very important in every student's study period. There are only 3 simple tips for writing any examination effectively to achieve a great success. They are: 1. Very good preparation prior to examination; 2. Understanding the questions and recollecting the information from memory to write; 3. Answering all the questions with very good presentation and time management.

0 0 Respected Sir, Today is Republic Day. Happy Republic Day. Witnessed the grand function of Rajpath on TV. My best wishes to the students appearing in forthcoming exams and hope all the students pass out with flying colours. Good and Quality education is the foundation of any economy. Apart from formal text book education, more emphasis should be on moral education so that the future generation respect others, respect the laws of country and come out as great citizens of this great Country

0 0 I am a teacher and working in one of the reputed school in Pune Just wanted to inform you that in our school we don't have Hindi as a subject in +2 level(ISC Board). If you could make it a compulsory language that will be very good for our country and for our kids.
Some of the children want to take it in Higher Secondary level but unavailability of the subject bound them to take some other subjects unwillingly.
Waiting for some positive action.
Regards,
Dr. Suruchi Mishra

0 0 Sir schools me Yoga classess lgayi jaye jisse ki bacche mentally and physically develop ho ske or baccho ke liye school me Motivational Seminars karwaye jaye

0 0 g mor sir first we are understand marks are not only life

0 0 RESPECTED SIR,
STD 1 TO 10 INCLUDE IN PRIMARY BASE, SO IN SMALL VILLAGE STUDENT STUDY STD 10 IN OWN VILLAGE.
THANKS..........

0 0 Sir, students of today are too stressed by exams, and exams seem to have taken over every aspect of their lives. Forced to study 5-6 subjects (out of which they will have no further use for 2-3 in their working lives), they are unable to focus on their chosen subject out of fear of failing. To make life easier for them, I suggest they are allowed to choose the subjects with which they aim to make a career. Thanking you in advance. A concerned parent.

0 0 Sir, private medical college ki fees ko fixed kr diya jaye..bahut jada fees h jinke karan km paise wale admission ni le pate hai

0 0 Honourable prime minister  Narendra Modiji,Happy Republic day greeting from Md Sirajul Amin from 'ENVOY' of Cuttack Odisha.My sincere request to  interfere  in Railway issues.It is very high time  for the country  to stop accident and  save valuable  lives in future.My dream project  is  to do something  for the  school going tribal girls  who  are  deprived  from all  modern facilities.Thanks and regards..M.S.AMIN

0 0 Respected Sir,
Sir abhi k time me baccho k pas parctical experience,skill and confidence nhi hai isliye aapse request hai ki 12th ke baccho ke liye practical training se related koi activity start ki jaaye or hmari govt. in baccho ko aesa place provide kre jha se ye training kr ske or wo bacche companies,different industries and areas me practical training kr ske,jisse practical training milne se unme experience,skill,knowledge and confidence improve ho ske or unhe aage badhne ka moka mil ske..

0 0 honrable sir
colleges ki fee half kar de.
maximum fee 25000/- ho
max. salary 50000/- ho
thanks

0 0 Respected sir
Namaste.
Exam. me student ko pure time tak exam hall me baithaina chahiye.
jo quastion na bane use chodkar next quastion  solve kare.
regular class and study kare.

0 0 Finance Minister Sir, Age limit of Super Senior citizen under Income tax Act, which is now 80-Years or more should be reduced 75-years or more in the Finance Bill 2017

0 0 Dear Sir,
Most of the students are studying too much for competitive exams and gradually the Brain becomes less receptive. Pranayams like Anulom-Bilom and Kapal Bhati helps the Brain proper rest and improves receptiveness. Please advise students to do above two Pranayams instead of watching TV during their study break.

0 0 Dear sir, i want to say that all political parties cheat to peoples. they say we will give you 1 kg rice, 1 kg wheat, 5 kg ghee, free mobiles, free laptops, free bycycles etc etc, they don't say will give you rozgar(work).Why???.
They wants peoples do not be self depend.

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी ,
              सादर नमस्ते |
पहले तो गणतन्त्र दिवस की हार्दिक शुभकामनायें|
मान्यवर आपने पूछा है कि विद्यार्थियों के लिए क्या अच्छा रहता है|मेरा मानना है कि विद्यार्थी को शिक्षा निशुल्क देनी चाहिए भले ही किसी गरीब का बच्चा हो या अमीर का|और शिक्षा पूरी होने के बाद उनको नौकरी में आरक्षण की बजाय उनकी योग्यता के आधार पर नौकरी देनी चाहिए जिससे भारत के लोग विकसित देश बनाने में योगदान दे सकें और सभी भारतीयों का आपस में भाईचारा भी बनेगा और एक-दुसरे की मदद को तैयार भी रहेंगे|

0 0 Respected Sir,
Can we arrange for E Education for student of Senior secondary level where the students can be connected with professionals of Different sector like- IT, Business, Doctorate, Laws, Civil Services or abroad settled persons like Sports persons, NRI etc- to share their experience, life spell and whole atmosphere of working place so that inspiring with same every student/Youth can decide their further carrier and can get a proper platform without wandering in absence of awareness

0 0 Need to start from up gradation of Primary stage. But that needs dedicated schools and dedicated teachers, not the business oriented schools and teachers. The problem is not finding such schools and teachers but but the desire to do so.

0 0 Sir, I think it would be great if replica Colour  copies of original Constitution of India were available to public as collector at reasonable price at Khadi Gram Udyog or National Museums or State museums any Book Stall. I think the Colour Copies original Constitution of India should be given to all Schools , Collegfes and Universities, Museums free of charge all over India. This would help in developing a Bond of belonging of ordinary People with  Repuclic of India.

0 0 sir
More stress may be given for development of fundamental sciences instead of technology only.Like the prime Minister  scholarship programme for doing Phd. in IITs for engineering students the similar type of programmes may be implemented to the fundamental sciences students of IISC,IITs,TIFR,IISERs,NITs,HRI,IUCCA,RRI etc. to retain and comming of fresh talents in the general science field.

0 0 #MANN KI BAAT
"PARVAT KAHATA SHISH UTHAKAR TUM BHI UCHE BAN JAAOSAGAR KAHTA HAI LAHRAKE MANN ME GAHRAI ,PRITHVI KAHTI DHAIRYA NA CHHORO CHAHE SIR PER HO KITNA BHAAR ,NABH KAHTA HAI FAILO ITNA KI DHAK LO TUM SARA SANSAR."

0 0 Shrimad BhagvadGITA me Shrikrishan ji kahte hai ki-"Man se bara bahrupi na koi her pal rath ka sang nirale maya aur mamta me uljha rahe vo per jaye jo is mann ke pale ,
Mann ke bahkave me n aa mann rah bhulaye aur bhram me dale,
Tu is mann ka das na ban , is mann ko tu apna daas banave."

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री और MyGov Team के सभी सदस्य गण,
भारत सरकार
आप सभी को मेरा प्यार भरा नमस्कार
Respected All,
अनाथ, बेसहारा और भीक मांगनेवाले बच्चो और उनके पुरे भारतीय परिवार को उनको अच्छा और उच्च education देने की और अनाथ, बेसहारा और भीक मांगनेवाले बच्चो तक पहुचकर उनको अच्छा और उच्च education लेने के बारे में maan की baat करे.
जय हिन्द जय भारत
आपका 
प्रकाश तेली
जलगाँव (महाराष्ट्र)
Email:- prakash.teli@yahoo.com & prakash.teli1@gmail.com
9860041856/9579111222

0 0 From West Bengal... thanks sir i am your big big big fan.......

0 0 My Dear Modiji,
Due to constant infiltration of terrorists and attempting to get in our defence arena. I would like to suggest to have some 3 to 4 type of coloured iniform to be worn by our beloved soldiers which should be randomly changed either on daily basis or randomly. Any unknown terrorist or person can be easily identified

0 0 Very thx sir, your comments nice...to

0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister, I have shared my views vide the enclosure. Hope you will go through this.
Gopalakrishnan

0 0 Namaste ModiJi!I am M.Tech student at IIT Gandhinagar,Gujarat.I think that students cannot succeed in exams only by studying.They should have constant support from their parents and teachers.They should not be compared or pressurised for good marks.Their elders should show faith in them and constantly tell them that failing is not the end of life.They should learn how to get up after falling.When the students will stop fearing the exams,they'll certainly do better.This is my personal experience.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister(India),
It has been 07 years since issue of Engineering Degree Sec A & B Graduate programs of Institution of Engineers(India),IETE,IME(I),ICE(I),Aeronautical Society of India recognition were withdrawn.Nothing has been done by Government of India MHRD,AICTE on the issue leaving almost more than million of Graduate,students Engineers future in complete dark.Can you kindly take initiative in this regard ? Eur Ing Bishnujee Singh CEO Cayley Aerospace Inc Washington,USA

0 0 Sir,
I would like to share with you an axiom on exams with you. Generally test comes after learning but in real life learning follows test.

0 0 Dear Mr. PM,have you ever wondered why exam should be stressful for kids/youngsters. Current education system does not focus on imparting knowledge to kids but train them for rat races. You may argue that with a billion population competition is inevitable and with competition comes stress. But let me tell you Sir, our system lacks imparting application knowledge to kids and defenitely lacks good teachers. Can you pls take steps to revive this system from a business model to service model?

0 0 Respected sir,
Happy Republic day sir.There are lot of changes wanted in examination systems.
 In school level  we want" ONEINDIA ONE SYLLABUS ONE EXAM ".
In competitive exam or job exam  level we want " ONE INDIA ONE JOB ONE EXAM ".Our indian government make a common competitive   examinations board.This board must be selected that correct Candidates.we should avoid corruptions in selection process.

0 0 Being in the field of teaching for over 35 years and being a parent of well settled children, the best way to prepare the students appearing for all kinds of exams is to instill 'feel good factor' which wil automatically reduce the anxiety, fear and tension among the students. "Koi aasman tapakke padnewala nahin' should be conveyed to them if their results do not match their expectations. Give all the freedom that they ask provided they are assertive, otherwise guide them with professional help

0 0 #mannkibaat exams always associated with stress and tension.how much ever motivation u provide ,the pressure to meet parent's expectation, to beat other students and get the best college and best future.I feel they need advice from proper people. Their thinking is stopped by forcing them to mug up line by line from the reader.also there was 13days holiday for eco last year.this made the students bored and not in spirit . they felt too overconfident also.u should release the answer sheet of all

0 0 Dear PM I have a complaint. General category people are able to get ST/SC/OBC certificates so that they are able to get the job in the name of ST/SC/OBC. Some of my friends secretly doing this activities.most of the time i am hearing about this illegel activity. This activity affecting the SC/ST /OBC developement program.the percentage of sc/st/obc student remain jobless because of this fake people.All in this RI / AMIN are actively taking bribes and helping there relatives and closed ones.

0 0 I read Mr.Gopalakrishna Gandhi's article today in The Hindu.Leaving aside the contents,the impression I got was the more-informed people in the country seem to have it against you and use every opportunity to find fault with you.This seems to be more against your growing popularity than against your actions.Constant spreading of such views is saddening for one who wishes you at least 3 terms.I wonder at the mindset of the so called intelligentsia that wants change but not the person who changes.

1 0 1Frame your questions.
2 Write your answer understanding of your own
3Discuss your question among your friend circle
4 The questions you have framed Take yourself to Undergo a test for it atleast 5-6 times.
5 Do not leave it till last .Make it a game who score most in particular subject.
6 Understand the value of Time Because the time goes past every second
7 .Do well .Best of luck.

0 0 Dear PM I have a complaint. General category people are able to get ST/SC/OBC certificates so that they are able to get the job in the name of ST/SC/OBC. Some of my friends secretly doing this activities.most of the time i am hearing about this illegel activity. This activity affecting the SC/ST /OBC developement program.the percentage of  sc/st/obc student remain jobless because of this fake people.All in this RI / AMIN are actively taking bribes and helping there relatives and closed ones.

0 0 #MannKiBaat, A similar surgical strikes required in the education system. The schools in rural need better teachers. Can your government mandate every bright students getting graduated under the government support, scholarship or financial assistance must deliver 30hrs to 50hrs lecturer per annum in the schools located in the rural. Also, make a system in the education that a volunteers can come forward and registered to be a guest teacher and deliver teachings at free of cost.

0 0 Sir, please make it mandatory for the all Recruitment Boards like RRB,SSC, UPSC  to conduct exams within atleast one year..Now, their performance is , to say at most, DEPRESSING

0 0 HELLO SIR, AMAN JHA FROM DELHI....
TOPIC- SKILL INDIA
MSG... SIR I SUPPORT SKILL INDIA. I AM ALSO A PART FROM GOVT. ITI .SIR, AFTER YOUR SCHEME PMKVY THERE IS LARGE OPPORTUNITY FOR PLACEMENT ACCORDING TO TRADE BUT THERE ARE MANY STUDENTS NOT ABLE TO GET JOB EASILY AS BECAUSE OF BAD PORTION OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PART OF TRAINING. SIR I REQUSTED TO YOU PLEASE DISCUSS ABOUT THAT PROBLEM . THANK YOU

0 0 Sir, please order the lazy, inefficient, incapable,worst staff selection commission to conduct Its examinations within time...Now they are taking  more than 02 Years from the Notification to Posting if selected.. Also they are again and again postponing the scheduled exams ..This is very very depressing for me..I am sincerely preparing for it..I have hopes only on you

0 0 Sir, I am Preparing for STAFF SELECTION COMMISSION Combined graduate Level EXAMINATION ..They took 07 months for the Tier-1 examination after the notification and 04 more months for Tier 02 and Descriptive test was not conducted yet...AAfter Descriptive there may be certificate verification,etc etcect
This entire process is taking 02 years from the Notification to the posting if selected...This is very very Depressing for the Sincere candidate to wait for 02 years..So please reduce time..

0 0 Education in India is one of the worst of its kind in the world..In every sector Government is accepting Foreign Direct INVESTMENT..Why not in EDUCATION ?? Indian EDUCATION IS FAR FAR Lagging behind from Europe or USA...So we have to allow Foreign Universities and Other educational Institutions to come to INDIA AND TO ESTABLISH THEIR bRANCHES Here..

1 0 sir please do something for jee mains board cutoff. main jharkhand board se hun or hamaare yahan 80% par state topper jaate hain aise me 75% lana aasan nhi h. agar hm state board waalon ko adhikaar nahi h ek achche college me jaane ka to please announcement kr dijiye ki engineer bnne ke liye ek cbse school me padhna jruri h jahan dher saare paise lgte hain. bolna to bht kuch chahta hun sir magar msg chota rkh rha hun taaki aap padhe.

1 0 1)  To be eyes and ears only when they are taught
2)  To make possible questions themselves from what they have been taught. Clarify doubts at once.
3)  Answer all questions in presentabe form and get them checked by the subject experts.
4)  Discuss among classmates and help understand the subjects to weak students and get understood from clever students.
)   Physical and mental warm-ups before attending the classes and examinations.

0 0 Modi Sir, I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor santhal tribe( St).I am challenging you that our nation can't bring Olympic medal, Oscar award and development of country without involvement of village talent, skill and village participants.so our country should respect the talent and skill.I want to add one more
Jay jawan Jay kisan Jay bigyan and Jay kaushal Jay Bharat

0 0 Make free education in India.

0 0 Project ke liye student ko chut deni chahiye vo jo karna chahte he vo repeated hi kyu na ho ya kuch naya, par hamre teacher log ko ye bat pasand nahi he vo har bar khehte hu kuch naya lao, a nai chalega vo log apne fayde ke liye project ki company choose karte or vaha se koi bi definition leke aayo une aprove kar dete hai or dusre logo ki reject. me anand djmit collage me hu or mera training center bi hai to mere collage me a problem aur anand ki sabi college me.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
I am a medical teacher and teach in a Govt Medical College in Kerala. As a teacher I feel that for a student, there is no substitute for hard work. In this global village we can only win if we are ready to work hard. Our competitors in this age are the Chinese, Japanese and the Koreans, who as a population are extremely hard working. We should should be able to do better than them. Albert Einstein has said" Genius is 99% perspiration and 1% inspiration"!
Dr P S Sanjay,MD

0 0 My humble suggestion to offer most of the bare acts for free down load so each one can understand the legally his rights

0 0 The students should focus on their take on life priorities and act accordingly with dedication, sincerity and all their might. Thank you.

0 0 BJP should unilaterally decide and declare that all transactions of Rs 50 and above will be in digital mode. This will digitize financial transactions very quickly in India. Thank you.

0 0 Examination is not only an modern aspect of understanding the caliberity of a student but to aunthenticate the value of education and knowledge. Since ages from Mahabharata to Ramayana we get to know  about different forms of examination.
The reason of examination is to rejuvenate the internal quality of studens not to create fear.
The real success comes from true spirit of education where we fight for  human excellence not marks. Because there is nothing bigger than education. Jai hind

0 0 Resp. PM, It is not require for preparation in examination at last moment if we or our teacher will take care for education, our education system of Gujarat is very poor, in compare with Maharashtra & Rajasthan. At last moment it is not advisable & benefit for students & for there carrier.

0 0 My Dear PM Shree Modiji, I am B. Com graduate, from Mumbai University and i have worked in construction company in Qatar, Oman & Dubai.  Sir i want to share with u my man ki bat my current jobs and my education (graduation) is not connected each other i mean to say we studying and we lost 15 years but that education  is not releted to our practical life so i think that our study material and exams for school and colleges should be releted to our practical life and practical jobs. Thank you Jai H

0 0 'Manifestation of divinity' as explained by Swami Vivekananda means understand one's aptitude towards a subject,gain confidence to express new ideas and acquire the skill to put them to good use. However the reality in India  is; marks really matter. Education transforms  students into 'mark scoring machines'. Therefore begin by  answering old question papers. Refer notes & textbook and take time to write long answers to score 100% instead trying to beat the clock. Write well during preparation.

0 0 Honorable PM Shri Modi G, Regret your alliance with SAD in Punjab. Never ever I shall vote for BJP. I am your die hard fan but no compromise with MAFIAS in Punjab. Good LUCK ! I remain yours faithfully. Best Regards-Ajay Bharat Dhand

0 0 Man ki Baat
Future of India lies in the hands of our students. If they have merit and good moral values as enshrined in our culture, India will be safe, progressive, powerful and at the top. When they are preparing for annual examinations, they should keep in mind three basic factors for success – dedication, concentration and self-confidence. Dedication means to set apart maximum time for the cause in hand that is preparation for examination.

0 0 Totally avoiding rote learning, focus on understanding concepts, Dont just study for passing this exam, but to perform better in all exams of life, parents please stop behaving like typical pressure cooker and release your child from all percentage expectations, assure the child that skills, creativity and innovation is more important than marks. Don't pre-decide their career based on your unfulfilled dreams, let your child choose it.PM sir please appeal this to all parents.All the best

0 0 SIR would like to draw your attention towards ranchi capital of jharkhand. CENTRAL team has seen which was being seen to them. THE real problem is corruption of power in some of ministries. Sir holding tax has been increased, water tax EXTRA increased. Main road of ranchi faces jam daily but DPR'SDPR' S are made on paper to provide Hain to company of its nd govt interest on paper. CM has taken oath nd given statement that he won't use SIREN. But promises are made for broken. With this portal I w

0 0 SIR, I m Manish Kumar from ranchi, jharkhand. Recently search Bharat abhiyan officials visited our CITY. But they saw what was shown to them. THE road painting, repairing work were on during their visit.Sir ranchi has not such potential and honest officials and MINISTERS who would do the work in time. Ranchi MUNICIPAL CORPORATION is one of the crowded place of corrupt engineers and officials. They do work in favour of one person denying others in deep grievance residents. Urban minister of jhark

0 0 The Tea Industry of Assam has been providing a huge amount of employment as well boost's the National Economy.Priority should be given to the Tea Factories of Assam in regard to Pipe Natural Gas Connection to the new Tea Factories.The Oil India Ltd should give much priority to the Tea Factories in supply of Pipe Natural Gas (PNG).Pipe Natural Gas (PNG) should be supplied to the new Tea Factories of Assam.

0 0 My fathers suggestion to me not to go with farming since we cannot warn anything. I cannot even able to help him.My govt is also not ready to help him Finally he will sell farming land and quit farming.I cannot able to take education loan since canara bank informed me that my father is having agricultural loan.I have seen my father struggling hard throught the day to pay my college fees.Do u think youngsters will be ready to take farming?.I will wait for all the answers to these questions on MKB

0 0 I wanted to teach the people in my area about the schemes.But they know its not an easy process to get. since people will ask for bribes.Direct money transfer/online application forms/ is it not possible for farming schemes?.Please make a platform for farming where we should know only the schemes related to it.And the procedure to apply online

0 0 Continuation of my question. His only option is to get loan from someone.but he has to pay interest.Simple fact created by ppliticians poorer get poorer.Richer gets richer.2 years of govt cannot able to fix the rates of farming products.please
give an oportunity to ypungsters we will do it for sure.I have posted the same questions a lot times intwitter account.But no reply. I will keep on posting until govt is rwady to hear.Do u know (Drought,Loans,demonetisation,No fixed rates agri products)

0 0 Hello Sir,..
     Aaj hamare desh mai dhero yojnaye hai kendra & Rajya sarkar ki pr sir kitno ko pata bhi nhi rahta ki unke liye bhi koi yojnaye hai...Yadi ham News paper ka last ya pahila pg pr Sirf Sarkari Yojna ke liye reserv kare to...bahut se log ko sarkari yojna ka pata lagega...Bahut se yojnaye to jarurtmand logo tk pahuchti bhi nhi hai....pr yah ek prayas ho sakta hai....Dhanyavad...

0 0 www.technoxian.com
Register Now!
Greetings from the TechnoXian!
Here is a great opportunity for your Institute to participate in World Level Championship Event TechnoXian 2017.
please share more so that students come and show theri talent in robotics and help us to make transform india and PROUDINDIA
HAPPY REPUBLIC DAY 2017

0 0 U r eesponse for such questions will be progress will happen slowly.Do we need to wait for another 15 years?.simple question to u.M father have invested 60000 in sugarcane cultivation.once the crop is being harvested we have to sell.Once we sell will have to wait for min 2 years to get our money.But u r govt will say we r forcing the private agencies to return our money as quick as possible.Now r we going to interest for the 2 years period. How can my poor farmer can go for nex investment n land

2 0 Last year u r govt introduced schemes worth 95000 crores to farmers.But I didnt see a farmer utilisng the schemes r gettig benefitted by that.is this u r commitment towards farmers welfare?.Again this year budget will make no difference.U should have a team to verify whether people r aware of the schemes.R they utilising it.simply by ads u r making the people get attracted to u r govt. R u really fulfillnig the promises.

0 0 I congratulate for your brevery step to jerk the trainn of people. I am proud for my dearest prime minister. you invite us to inspire the students who are going to take the first exam in any board all over India.I appeared exam of S.F. in wb board many tears before . I read the lesson in attentive mind and drew a picture of my topic. then easily remembered the tasks in exam paper. It is my inspiration.

0 0 U r govt should commit to ease application process for farming schemes.I tweeted a lot but govt didnt even responded.Every govt introduces schemes.But its not reaching needy.I should have a platform where I can able to help my father apply to schemes online.Submit documents online. 24/1,Anna stree,aluthupalayam,modakurichi,erode,tamilnadu-638104

0 0 HI, Sir,
i would request to request to make all school digital.any student should not carry any single book to school. they should have tab & laptop according to there standard.
Note
1) All Text Book and note book should be digital.
2) All Subject Chapters should be like a movie which will make student to remember the chapters easily
3) Exam & Result should be online. on TAB & LAPTOP
4) Result should be displayed real time. like we give RBI Job exam now a days {Egg BSE & NSE EXAM}

0 0 I am posting my address sir. So that I guess this govt can infoem us the procedure to avail this 2 lakh.I cannot see my father in distress since bank started asking us to payback loans.We dont have water to go for farming now.Drought relief amount will never reach us.I have already informed govt that the schemes r not reaching farmers since there is no app to get to know the schemes for farmers.Also If I need a Pan card I can apply online.But If I need to apply for farming schemes I cannot.

0 0 My father is a farmer.He earning for the last 25 years with 4 acres is 5 lakhs and a loan amount of 5 lakh. During the Congress last 5 year term our loan was not cancelled because we were continuosly paying dues.Loans were cancelled for the persons who r not paying dues properly but having land more than us.Now we have taken loans from friends of 12 lakh to construct home since our land documents r with bank. We cannot apply for 2 lakh amount given for farmer home construction since proof n bank

0 0 officer of armed forces behave with jawan like a slave.all the jawan are their servant because they use same rules which has used by englishman on indian soldier before independence.so sir from all soldier of armed forces this issue is discuss with ur cabinet and in parliament and remove the old law.if this issue is not solved in future then their is bacame a big agitation inside armed forces between officer and jawan.

0 0 To add, I would love to see Sanskrit Phd Programs being offered in all colleges across Bharat and offer compulsory subject for kids for at least 5 years, no objection, period.

0 0 Dear Sir,
A humble request: While UK, Germany & US are teaching Sanskrit & slokas to kids outside Bharat why aren't we making this compulsory for minimum 5 years of Sanskrit in schools. Parents can opt out for 5 out of total 10 years. And introduce teachings of Vedas, Yogas, meditation as an inherent mechanism to cope with societal challenges rather than revolving all around pay and positions in careers! Opposition is never going to support this but Country is with you.
Thank you
NRI

0 0 sir, is it that much important for different cutoff marks for various exams like ssc and others
on the basis of catogery??? I personally accept age relaxation even though I didnt have it. but it is being hard for me to accept the cutoff marks difference on the basis of catogery like sc st obc general..here too I accept handicapped catogery...how can we speak about development being hiring by this type of methods...any however hope this year gives us more positive impact.thankusir

0 0 Vasundhra Raje's government promised to open 15 lakhs govt vacancies before election but she did not give any single govt jobs to anyone. Each vacancy is in court for delay. Please look to Rajasthan government. We voted BJP just for you. But we are not satisfy with the performance of BJP in Rajasthan state. Here, A person having govt job will be preferred to a person winning Olympic. No one can decrease the crazy of govt job. Please provide us more opportunity. We are ready to work. thanks

0 0 Differance between jawan and officer in armed forces must be removed from present system because u have seen in news of various forces's jawan video on social media.so i request u sir please discuss all the issue in forces with concerned ministry and remove the old rules of english people.there are big difference between officer and jawan in msp,submarine allowance,hospital facility,canteen ,traveling to ty duty.why sir?if u interfare in this matter then it can be solved.

0 0 Modiji,I think exams are important in life but at the same time they are not that important. If the concentration of the students is on the concept rather than on exams then it will be much more beneficial to the students as well as our country. As you know we have world's best talents, we also need to develop a education system that gives credit on the basis of concept and not just examination paper.
Riken Shah,
Mumbai.

0 0 Respected PM Sir. I am a 2nd year bds student from Indore MP . We have tried alot to reach you and CM sir but unable to.. sir this is from the behalf of 850  BDS students whose admissions have been cancelled by the high court. Details have been attached sir please help us we want justice. Due to carelessness of authorities students have been punished ..our 3 years , hard work , lakhs of fees and most importantly our dreams , everything is ruined.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister. Board examinations are fast approaching and children are under tremendous tension. Is it not because of weightage given to certain courses especially science courses. The child who studies Arts or Commerce is less tensed. Therefore I suggest that in the school level itself children should be taught about various avenues with respect to each course of study. And parents too to be given knowledge about each course.This reduces parents worry & make children tension free.

0 0 I am preparing for govt jobs exams last 3years.If you can give jobs to one candidate,It means you have done well for at least 5 other persons also (His whole family will be happy whole life).Please look to youth.Youth do not want anything except for job. We studied, but we are still jobless. We can't move to private sectors because they are just ready to make harassment of us(By low salary/work overload). Please provide us lots of opportunity in govt sector. We are ready to fight competition.

0 0 Hello My younger Brother and Sister :God Bless You.Hard  Work double so that you will recall everything in a proper way.Try to maintain good writing .
Read and Write practice only those topic where you did in Past.
Good Luck .
Hard Work always with you.
Best Wishes
Regards
Pravin Rai

0 0 Three challenges:
1.foreign enemies could give financial support to opposition.
2.Employment field should be chosen by youth by knowing best fit field that suits their personality considering all aspects.
3.  Encourage and welcome research in India for right candidates like in developed economies.
4.  Alleviate vote bank politics by politicians.
5.  Use advanced ways of planning and statistics to learn the social, economic requirements of people.
6.  Innovation to alleviate corruption

0 0 I have seen that Many state government release his vacancy advertisement only in its regional language so that other people could not apply for that post OR they ask for knowledge of regional language. That is wrong. I am the citizen of India, I must be free to apply to any state's vacancy. You should do something for it. As all students can understand english language. A state should not divide on the basis of language.

0 0 STOP THE CONCEPT OF PAY COMMISSION

0 0 Honorable PM,
My suggestions are
Make all studies application-based and based on creative and logical ability.
Allow children to specialize in a subject from the fifth grade itself.
Give a variety of options that can be studied, and not only Science, Commerce or Humanities.
Make education compulsory till the age of 17.
Place more emphasis on entrepreneurial and innovative abilities.
Make special provisions for children who are differently abled.
Jai Hind
Vijay Sundar Rajan

0 0 Population control is important for peace, prosperity and development of our country. Expecting a strong decision in the auspicious Republic Day on 26th January, 2017 from our Hon'ble Prime Minister regarding POPULATION CONTROL. India will be "Single Marriage Single Child" Country irrespective of caste clan and religion.

0 0 I vote for you.But I am not agree with your government.The main reason for me is UNEMPLOYMENT.
I passed Bachelor of Pharmacy in 2013, but still I am jobless. You are doing privatization of everything. But before privatization, please look to private sector of India deeply.When I applied for private job, they just offered me SIX THOUSAND/FIVE THOUSAND salary. Is It worthy to get 5K after studying four year bachelor degree course?Where I can make complain against that type of organization?

0 0 Exam in India till graduation is just to score marks and make parents happy. we forgot what we had learn in last year. only in internship people recollect things.everything is boring without events in colleges. please make education system/learning system bit interesting by adding 3D visual computerize learning which is i thing would be the best option to make interest of students.
 Thank you sir. Modi for such type of interaction and involvement of people.

0 0 In every exam validity of OBC certificate in any exams (6 months).I passed SSC CHSL exam 2015,but they won't accept me because I don't have OBC caste certificate in prescribed format(a format issued by SSC).It was mentioned that "OBC certificate in the prescribed format issued between 14.07.2012 and upto 09.01.2016, only will be accepted".SSC itself is late by more than 2 years.SSC should accept the caste certificate issued  till the last stage of examination concerned(skill test etc.) ashish

0 0 ये सच है के हमारा प्रधानमंत्री इस ईमानदार ब्यक्ति है। लेकिन कुछ स्थानों पर इन की नजर शायद नहीं है। सेल्फ प्रोटेक्शन हमारा जनम सिद्ध अधिकार है लेकिन उसे कुचल जा रहा है जैसे के अंग्रेजो के जमाने में कुचला जाता था।

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार मैं एक पालक हू और  यह चाहता हू कि देश में शिक्षा का स्तर सुधरे शिक्षको को अधिक वेतनमान देकर योग्य शिक्षको की भर्ती प्री टेस्ट द्वारा की जानी चाहिए . साथ ही पढ़ने वाले बच्चॊ की उच्च शिक्षा के लिए कम ब्याज पर आसानी से ऋण उपलब्ध होना चाहिए बच्चियों के लिए ऋण  बिना ब्याज के  उपलब्ध करवाना चाहिए जिससे लडकिया बिना किसी बोझ के आसानी से उच्च शिक्षा पा सकती है

0 0 Sir please take action against education loan.please close or reduce our education loan.please sir

0 0 ये सच है के हमारा प्रधानमंत्री इस ईमानदार ब्यक्ति है। लेकिन कुछ स्थानों पर इन की नजर शायद नहीं है। सेल्फ प्रोटेक्शन हमारा जनम सिद्ध अधिकार है लेकिन उसे कुचल जा रहा है जैसे के अंग्रेजो के जमाने में कुचला जाता था।

0 0 sir i am a student of class 10 of kv shahdol sir please encourage children to understand the main concept instead of memorising anything without understanding it to do well in exam.

0 0 it is all most seen only 1 no plate form has toilet other plate form at railway stations have no toilet or remained clossed

0 0 4 MANTRA OF LIFE
YOU CAN DO IT-NOTHING WILL BE IMPOSIBLE
YOU WILL DO IT- NOTHING CAN STOP U DOING IT
NOTHING ON THIS EARTH CAN STOP ME
WHAT IS SO GREAT ABOUT IT??- ASK EVERY TIME YOURSELF BEFORE DOING ANYTHING
Motivation can be hard to come by. but not imposible

0 0 *   Stop tuition system and increase the teachers salary.  Because of the tuition system 80% of teachers don't teach in school.  Students get hard time from teacher when students don't go tuition.
*   Take the test of teacher every year - Teachers must have to give exam of the area what they going to teach.  If teacher fail the exam then they can not teach that level.

0 0 it should be make sure that all the people working in private sector and in contactor labour must be paid D C rate or govt rate of there salary it should be stickly implemated

0 0 *Change system-A. In our county, when student get less in one subject they can get ATKT and allow to go next level.  By giving them ATKT student never improve that area and students stay weak for the lifetime.B if students are not good in 2-3 subjects, do not let students to repeat hole standard again.  Students can move up on other subject but they have to take same subject in next semester which they are weak.  Fox example in USA, in same Math class they have different standard of students.

0 0 Sir this is important.
I am attaching a pdf file.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, As per study Recall after 72 hours of learning we remember just 10% Hear, 20% See,50% See & Hear,70% Verbal Participation,80% Physical Participation and 90% See, Hear and Practice. In short we remember 90% of the things If we learn by doing.This important aspect needs to be shared to all the students in #MannKiBaat#

0 0 HON PM ModiJi my suggestion is that during the board exams students feel the exam pressure and tension.With students parents get more tensed so my suggestion is that Government should do some workshop or arrange seminar for both parents and students so that the students and parents feel less pressure and students can groom better.

0 0 Respected Sir, You are doing really good job.  I have some suggestion regarding education.
*   Please make two semester system.  Students get less stress and also they can focus more on study.
*   Tell parents to not compare your kids with other.  Every students has different types of skills.  Try to understand your kids interest, weak area and give them right guidance.

0 0 JUST 4 MANTRA FOR BUILDING CONFIDENCE.. #PMonradio #maanKibaat
#MyGov

0 0 Dear PM Sir some time before I heard that according to Law The Bhagat Singh had declared a terrorist. I don't know what is the truth but if it is right then I request you "please remove that accusation from him and declared him A martyr."

0 0 आज की गलकात प्रतियोगिता ने बच्चों से ज्यादा अभिभावकों को चिंता मेन दाल दिया है। कोई भी अभिभावक नहीं चाहता की उसका बच्चा परीक्षा मेन कम नंबर लाये। जो खुद नहीं कर सके वह बच्चों से करवाना चाहते है। वे बच्चों से जरूरत से ज्यादा अपेक्षा रखते हैं और पास फेल को अपनी प्रतिष्ठा का विषय बना लेते है.....

0 0 #PMonRadio Dear PM Sir, As per recent study we remember 90% of the things within 72 hours of our learning by see, hear and do. We also learn best when we are in a group. Learning by doing and Group Learning are the best thing to enhance our knowledge and skills. My Idea is to encourage students for learning by doing and Group Learning.

0 0 Dear PM Sir. Learning by doing is the best way to remember any subject. I personally have developed low cost home made training kits for science and Mathematics student for conducting various experiment and learn themselves by doing as we remember 90% of things which we hear, see and do with our own hands,

1 0 Sir I have shared my views on competitive exams like GATE and ESE in this enclosed pdf

0 0 Many students learn from my kit, which are low cost and help them to learn complex subjects in easy way. It is learning by doing.

0 0 #PMonRadio, Dear PM Sir, I train local/near by students with self-made training kits. they learn basic electricity, computer skills and various basic industrial automation skills with my kit. My idea is to promote such initiatives and fund the people with small amount so that talent can be developed locally and at faster rate.

0 0 I have developed many small useful training kits like learn basic electricity, automation, machining, computer programming, repairing etc. which are low cost and I train local persons free of cost. My idea is to invite such people and fund them with small amount of Rs5000-10,000/- pm. for continuing skill up-gradation of local people.

0 0 sir i am from class 10th ! i think you should make an appeal to all the parents to let their student take the subject he likes in class 11th and he will bare the further consequences!

0 0 Respected Modi Ji. 
Thank you so much for starting this forum for us to communicate direct with you. We truly appreciate the efforts being put to get this done.
In regards to youngsters appearing for exams. First of all, Why do we have to judge kids capability in earlier age. Why can't we remove the exam for child who studies from Jr K.G. to 3rd or 4th standard. Make them first aware of how to be discipline and educate on all basic aspects. Make Sports important subject.

1 0 dear sir P.M. this is Sudhakar from Bangaluru, I would like to suggest you that education  must develop his/her in built knowledge  as SWAMI VIVEKANANDA told  for that education must be in local language
    For cheep and good education use retired military personals by starting schools at villages you can also use R.S.S. for this as they are already running schools all over India.
    thanking you
sudhakar

0 0 Dear PM Sir, Greetings and Best Wishes. I feel proud to be Indian and fully support all your initiatives. In spite of so many good visionary initiatives  and thoughts the things are not happening with a speed and common citizen is not able to witness rapid changes. Few initiatives like Jan Dhan, Jan Suraksha,Gas Subsidy/ Ujjawala Yojna has bought real and remarkable and good changes in our lives. The initiatives like Digital India/Skill India are going too slow.

0 0 Time of nation to unite against anti national.. these anti nationals are more within then outside. We are expanding our base, but we must also somehow take care of base and somehow protect them...

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir this is a very good step taken by the Govt to start every movie with the National anthem .Sir if the wordings also displayed on the screen then double benifit we gain .Firstly people can sing proper wordings correct words must be pronounced secondly uneducated people like workers ,rickshawales,etc also by seeing again and again can read our National Anthem and through this they get inspired for reading .

0 0 प्रशासकीय अधिकाऱ्यांच्या आदेशाचे पालनच होत नाही.

0 0 our Honorable PM is requested to give hope on "in future -  Indian way of Traditional education system will be insisted where experiences of a student is very much important than examinations." 
The language about the subject becomes difficult because of the language of the subject for our students even in PG and Research level. Therefore the language which serves as medium of instruction must be taught and learnt very well...
Then surely all Bharath Putra  will conquer the world.

0 0 Namaskar Mr PM Sir in olden time our country provide free education with the help of Aashram  When the person is free from all responsbilities then he give back their knowledge with experiences to the socity . Now the education is the type of bussiness and thats why our culture which says (vidya dadati vinyam ) is disappeared from the caracter of people .We must take care of our sanskar , sanskrity,culture alive through education to the next generation .

0 0 Educated must be like a practical than theory we must find out real potential in him and must guide for ex say a man is good in some sports we must guide him towards it and help him learnt it rather than studying exam must be what he understands about the topic rather than bookworm

1 0 We are spending a fortune of tax money in Govt.schools and colleges.The system has degenerated and teachers do not teach. They are in look out for private coaching. Unless we take stern action against teachers and the teaching establishment, our problem will multiply. The students are more intelligent. What they need is little help from Adm.

1 0 Sir This is Nikhil BC from Bangalore, Karnataka. 
Sir I'd like to see u launch a scheme that would help rural students to gain access to proper transportation and technology. Education being a necessity of life, the students are supposed to be given proper things to achieve.

0 0 Respected sir,
	Please introduce to our present education system, ‘’ Human Ethics (Dharma Bodana)  is as a part of a subject from KG to PG.  Present our education system not teach about Human Ethics (Dharma Bodana) to our students. That’s way civil top rank holders also arrested on corruption issues. Reason they have lack of Human Ethical knowledge.
Note.1  What subject we will teach to students, that they will learned and followed
Note.2  ‘’All education is for knowledge not for job''

0 0 Respected PM Modi Sir,
 Youngsters appearing for examinations may overcome the examination stresses and will do better by understanding the problems,taking care of time management and above all doing meditation daily.

1 0 I NEED JOB IN VIGILANCE DEPARTMENT I COMPLETED BCA MBA AND FRESHER

0 0 dear sir, My name is sandeep jain. I am writing you first time. we had seen that people used to write on currancy notes their message or counting on it and deface it using pen.I want to suggeat you that you should make illegal to write on new currancy notes immedately. i think it is the right time to educate ourself to respect our currancy notes. banks should not accept these notes which had written matter on them.Even cashier at cash counter write on currancy notes with counting.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Students (of so called weak section of society) from very beginning should be motivated/encouraged for their best performance for the noble cause of the nation building so that they will not depend/ask or needed for reservation/assistance in future career.

0 0 Sir,
I want to give advice to all students who are going to prepare exam through Man Ki Baat platform
Dear Students,
1.Agar aapne poore year study ki hai to bilkul bhi na ghabraye kyunki aapka exam bigad hi nahi sakta.
2.Kitna bhi depression ho, kabhi koi galat kadam na uthaye, kyunki condition kitni bhi worst kyun na ho din badalte der nahi lagti.
3.Jaruri nahi ki Dr, Engineer ya fir Job karne ke liye hi padhayi ki jaaye. Padhayi jaruri he Graduation tak bhale hi aap farming hi kyu na kare

1 0 reason the fee and the time of courses are same in distance courses and regular courses
if you cant approve the distance courses degree to regular than block the university
previous like me types students who completed MBA , BCA and have skills knowledge but i am still unemployed by this creepy reasons

0 0 परीक्षा ! एक अवसर है कुछ कर दिखाने का . माता -पिता और बच्चों को इसे  उसी तरह से लेना चाहिए जैसे जब चलना सीख रहे थे तब कई बार गिरने के बाद भी उठ कर चले थे .पहले खड़े होने पर तालियां बजी , फिर एक कदम रखने पर . गिरने पर घोडा कूंद्ता था. हर पल आनंद के साथ सीखना ही समझदारी है .

0 0 Sir
Few Guru mantra may help youngsters
1. Make long and short term goal
2. Daily do something for ur GOAL
3. Respect Teachers and Parents.
4. Stay positive.
5. Do regular Yoga.
6. Regular discuss typical topic with classmate.
Regards

1 0 about distance education
students who they completed professional courses like bca,mba
why they are called distance education students
and for job many more where private or government they did not give him job reason they decline him because they are distance education student
its mean they are uneducated so why you should close the distance education courses university they is playing with student life
or previous and present student distance courses degree should called regular

0 0 Helo sir I am yogesh from Rajasthan .I had given a exam college lecturer maths held by rpsc . the cutoff of above said exam is 4.5% for SC and St category in the other hand 55% for Gen. Category. Sir why a gen category member who obtain 53% can't get job but @ SC St candidate get job @ 7% . a reservation is so necessary like that. Pls sir remove reservation as soon as possible a student which will be declare fail at 35% but get a job of college lecturer at 5% due to this reservation .pls remove

0 0 Dear sir
       Examinations very important in education. There Indian Education System is very bad.

0 0 Dear sir
  Examinations:Examinations quetion paper is out. Very biggest problems in India.
               There for Quetion paper not out of the Quetion answers.

0 0 Very good work for cashless india.and all your work.i want you are only 1 p.m in india for forward  in india and congrat you and all indian

1 0 Dear Narendra Modiji,
When i used debit card to pay utility bills i also had to pay an extra amount as service tax for using card. When our idea is to  try and move to less cash economy and when i saw people still using cash then i think this may be the one of the reason. If digital payments are going to attract taxes and if anybody will have to pay more than the prescribed bill amount then very less people will use it.
Hence please act upon it to encourage digital payment.

0 0 Respected sir,
This is with respect to the Change in evaluation pattern of The CBSE board. The attached PDF contains some of my observations as a parent of two children who are studying in a private school affiliated to the CBSE.

0 0 Examination preparation is a phycological pressure on students as well as parents also....but in examination time parents role become very important. Parents should take care of their proper diet and to support to boost their confidence. It is  the revision time only and student should solve board questions papers only.

0 0 Making LEARNING centered education.
Making Skill centered education
my thought for meaningful exam.. EXPLORE-EXPERIENCE-EXPERIMENT-UNDERSTAND-LEARN

0 0 Sir,
Examinations are important as they evaluate the skill levels of the individuals.
But i would very much like the Government to evaluate on the portion being taught in schools. Is it in standards with the standards followed in other countries.
Exams should be fun rather than overload.
Most important is remove all reservations in grading/passing marks so that we can produce more meritorious students.Impartial grading system is need of the hour.

0 0 #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov
Respected Modiji,
To improve our education system please take steps to stop internal assessment marks from all examinations.  Please conduct Common examinations or common entrance examinations after each higher education course with unified syllabus. This will create best youngsters. Give  chance to select 3 or 4 subjects with an vocational subject  of their interest after eighth standard.

0 0 for those student who are preparing for competitive exam , i just want to say that now its time for revision not studying more new topics. so, keep revising your notes and do practice of pravious years papers to get the knowledge of important topic and learn from your 'MISTAKES' that u commit in solving papers and the important things is to time management both for day and exam so make your shedule and work according to it. and eat health food to stay healthy.#AIR,#MannKiBaat.

0 0 Exams ka Bhoot Bhagao
1. Be effort oriented and not result oriented
2. Don't compare your preparations with others
3. Prepare a realistic study schedule
4. Do not study for more than 45 minutes in a single stretch
5. Start exam preparations well in advance as last minute preparations increases anxiety
6. Make positive affirmations such as "My memory is good, I have studied well, I will achieve my targeted goals in advance etc"
7. Visualize your goal
8. Remain relaxed all the time

0 0 Nothing has changed

0 0 I would request my P.M that please share little story of Swami Vivekananda on power of concentration "when he had remembered not only every topic but the page no also" it will inspire our students to study with more concentration.Also give example of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose "who got 99 marks in maths but his Acharyaji was not happy, his Acharyaji told that I had taught you for 100 marks.You have stolen my 1 mark".Thanking You your's Faithfully. HAPPY REPUBLIC DAY TO EVERY SINGLE INDIAN.

2 0 i just want to say to the student who are preparing for their exam that don't take stress of anything and make short note of every subject and keep revising them , and for parents i would  like to say that don't force your children to do hard work and never compare your child with any other student because it will hurt your child internaly instead parent's should motivate their child.

0 0 Should there be a debate to conduct USA SAT like exams in India for college education instead of giving much importance to board exams and entrances? Why the creativity of students is not at all considered for college education except through the entrance or board exams marks? There is no proper measure for determining the skills, talent, and natural skills of a student all over India. Jai Shiva Jai Shri Ram.

1 0 Modi sir
I am Rajendra Kr Hembram studying in BHU Varanasi being a poor santhal tribe I am challenging you that our nation can't bring Olympic medal, Oscar award and development of village without involvement of village talent and skill and village participants.so we should respect the talent and skill.so I want to add one more
Jay jawan Jay kisan Jay bigyan and Jay kaushal Jay Bharat

2 0 Respected sir, i want to seek your attention toward Madhyapradesh BDS 2014-15 batch.
We're studying in second year and exams were about to held on February but suddenly an order comes and says that we are not qualifeid to study anymore
Now we are half doctors. We gave our 3years on college now they are saying you have to leave the college. We dont know what to do
We have lost all our hopes. It seems like we dont have any future.
Please help us

0 0 The stress in Education system from childhood should be totally eliminated. Top students may perform well in three language formula and to deal with more and more subjects. How about average students who can't compete out of many subjects at high school level and becoming useless though they may have skills, talent in one particular domain. Education system needs to improve to track the talent,skills gifts at very early age without partiality in the national interest. Jai Shiva Jai shri Ram.

1 0 We are Indian Citizens, went outside India for few years for job opportunity. Came back fe years ago for good. We work in India, pay taxes here. Our children are born outside India and hence OCI. But they have studied here from 1st standard. These kids after completing 12th education in India need to take admission under the 'NRI Quota' at higher Tuition Fees. We urge the Government to treat our children as Indian Resident to promote equality.

1 0 Sir,
Being a student of class 11 and an aspirant of IIT-JEE it is my keen request to reduce the burden on calss 11 and class 12 students. Despite of reducing burden and shorting syllabus new subjects and rules are being introduce which lefts students in DILEMA. Another major point is vote-bank basedbon reservation system,Being a class 11 student I am not much into it.
The result of reservation is breaking moral of GEN category and a speed breaker in pace of country's development.-Vedant N.S.

1 0 Our nation gives lot of importance to education and skills. But we have to question ourselves why our professionals like scientists, engineers, doctors,writers,leaders are not competing at the international levels? Why we depend on Russian, American,European technologies and even for city planning and relating any complex projects. We have to thankful for the developed nations for their technology,talent and skills and there is an urgent need to improve the standards in Indian education system.

0 0 respected PRIME MINISTER NARENDRA MODI SIR,
              nowadays education system is becoming the money based system which was value based earlier. I can not understand why the system has changing in such a way. coming to the examination system frankly speaking that the exam system is also based on rich and poor because the so called rich colleges get the easy of getting out in exams compared to a normal government schools/colleges. just before some days back one MP of AP proved EDU' IS FAKE.

1 0 "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy". The central hypothesis of the Fueling Learning Through Exercise (FLEX) study is that two innovative school-based physical activity programs will demonstrate improved cognitive functioning, academic achievement, and attendance, relative to controls. Children studying for examinations should continue to play and allot time for physical exercise.

2 0 Dear PM,
        I am an engineering graduate from Karnataka,I want to discuss the actual condition of an Engineering graduates in many states of India.
1)The syllabus taught for BE,B.tech etc in most of Indian university's are outdated and Industry's outside the college campus expect a skilled engineer.
2)People born in poor,rural background and born in General cast are the worst sufferers
we don't have fees exemption for applying Govt job, We don't have age relaxation etc

1 0 Dear sir,
I would like to bring in notice below point which I feel should be addressed in the education policy eventually it will reduce the exam pressure on the students.
1. Standardise the syllabus across the education boards. Focus should be on what's required TO LIVE THE LIFE. Presently, 90% of education goes on waste in real life.
2. Fix the limit for the weight of the bags for primary kids. Due to school's lust the no. of books are being increased year by year.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री और MyGov Team के सभी सदस्य गण
भारत सरकार
आप सभी को मेरा प्यार भरा नमस्कार
Respected All,
parents, teachers, और अन्य सभी को exam के समय बच्चो पर इतना भी ज्यादा pressure ना करे की वह कुछ गलत फैसला लेने पर मजबूर हो ऐसी पुरे देशवासियों को maan की baat से अपील करे और बच्चो का हौसला बढ़ाने के लिये यह संदेश भी दे की अगर आपको कोई parents, teachers, और अन्य गुस्सा करते है तो उसको positive ले क्युकी उनका गुस्सा आपके (बच्चो) के उज्वल भविष्य के लिये है इसके बारे में maan की baat करे

0 0 sir 68th republic day ki shubhkamanayen
bpl census 2002 kandodati list me jo candidate h vo abhi 90% tak garibi rekha se bahr aa chuke h. isliye inka survey karvakar name hatakar yogya candidate ka name joda jaye

0 0 (3)think about only positive as how will you celebrate when you get passed so that by these you will generate positive frequency so that yout body will secrete positive harmones and your brain will invite only positive event .

0 0 (2) whatever you are learning connect it with an image or an image or an incident so that it will make place in your mind forever

0 0 sir
    i am a teacher of maths in jawahar navodaya vidyalaya nainital i want to give some tips to my students through this program
(1)learn by writing because when you write that means whatever you are writing first you read it then having it in your mind you write it so at least 3 or 4 times it is repeated in your mind while reading ,memorising again memorising for writing and then writing and whatever you are writing it goes to your subcontious mind for good .

0 0 HONERABLE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA 
RESPECTED SIR,
YOUR MANN KI BAAT PROGRAMMEE IS VERY FAMOUS IN INDIA NOW A DAYS
WE ARE AS A INDIAN CITIZENS GOT A GREAT PRIME MINISTER THROUGH BJP.ORG 
I AM HONESTLY WRITTING THIS IDEA FOR STUDENTS AND TEACHERS AS A STUDENT OF ONE SUPPONAINE A TIME AT MY YOUNG AGE 
NOW I AM A FATHER OF TWO DAUGHTERS , I EXPECTED MY DAUGHTERS WHOULD HAVE WIN ASIAN LEVEL GAMES ON BEHALF OF OUR COUNTRY . PLEASE ENCOURAGE SPORTS  FOR OUR INDIAN STUDENTS

0 0 any suggest about chooseing subject. how they more interest social work..... and we want equal category education..... we want 2 yoga class every week it can be linked with playing class

1 0 me ekk exloited adiwasi ke Nate mere deswasi ko ekk suggestions Dena chahta, Vai or beheno election ekk exam hi hai app log eise neta ko pass karaiye Jo apko panch sal achha rokh sake  ,gaon ko develop KAR sake , election time me garibi Ghar SE roti khane SE NAHI chalega,eise neta NAHI chahiye . Gaon me achha khiladi han Jo Olympic medal la SKTA hai ,lekin koi chance NAHI ,gaon me achha kalakar hai,script writer hai Jo Oscar award la sakta hai lekin hamsab Bahar ke kalakar ko Moika de rahe hai

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय,
आप भ्रस्टाचार समाप्त करने की बात करते है मै इसमें आपका पूर्ण रूप से समर्थन करता हूँ, परंतु मै एक नया अधिवक्ता हूँ और जब राजस्थान उच्च न्यायलय में कर्मचारियों के पास छोटे से काम के लिए भी जाता हूँ तो वे कम से कम 100 रूपए रिश्वत के लेते है और नही दे तो काम भी नही करते है और अधिकारियों का भी उसमे हिस्सा होता हैं और यही हालत नगर निगम में भी है, ऐसे में क्याकर्ण चाहिए।।
आप भी कुछ कदम उठाइए मै आपके साथ हूँ।।

2 0 Dear sir, Iam Dr.B.Nagarjun, working as Asst.Professor in Physics.I would like to bring to your notice that academic faculty are appraised basing on their research performance rather than on their teaching skills.There are many a research organizations to highlight India on the research front. Kindly provide space for innovative teaching so that students are inspired and make India's future bright.

0 0 Dear sir, Iam Dr.B.Nagarjun, working as Asst.Professor in Physics.I would like to bring to your notice that academic faculty are appraised basing on their research performance rather than on their teaching skills.There are many a research organizations to highlight India on the research front. Kindly provide space for innovative teaching so that students are inspired and make India's future bright.

0 0 Students in the Life saving profession also has the same consequence. For this eligibility tests should be kept for the professional too. That should be conducted with transparency like GRE TOFFEL exams.

0 0 First of all 24 sections of 60 students each in the residential schools have to be banned. Because they are marketing and earning a lot at the helm of students' . Awareness among the students and the parents have to be created for the knowledge. Because we being college teachers could feel unwanted consequence of these. Language is not taught but that is also mugged up. Maths is also not taught but coached. This is reflected in the professional courses too. Life saving professions

2 0 Sir we seek your help regarding the bds case going on in M.P
Its the question of the future of 850 bds students.we are suffering due to no fault of our own..we seek justice..

0 0 Respected sir,
Now a days exams are not the real knowledge test but answering without knowing its relevance & meaning. Most of the teachers and the parents are just interested in scoring the marks but not the knowledge & understanding. Coaching classes and schools coaching for the exams should be prevented. Children should be taught to answer all the questions on their own by understanding. For that mere coaching should be prevented. Most of the schools are just marking the question &answers

1 0 Sir azadi ka 70 sal mana rha hai ,fir v hamko lagta hai wahi raja maharaja ke jamane me hain,Jo rajaka beta raja beta raja banta tha,wahi AJ v hamare Des me wahi tradition chal raha hai, prime Minister ka beta prime Minister ban rha hai r chief minister ka beta chief minister ban rhai r hero ka beta hro ban rha hai or hamsab sare bebkuf hai,gulam go ke rah rehearsal hain,Vale hamare Bich achhe beta kyun na ho for v ham us akshyam beta ko chunte hai Jo gaon ke bare me much PATA NAHI ,

0 0 Respected sir,
              main reservation par ek idea dena chahta hun sir arakshan hamare samaj se ekaek nhi hataya ja sakta lekin avi iska bahut kam labh nimn barg ke logo ko ho pa raha hai kyuki iska laabh wo log uthate hain jo pahle se saksham hain aur apni need fulfill kar sakte hai. sir isko dur krne ke liye aisi scheme lani chaiye ki jise ek bar arakshan ka profit mil chuka ho use dobara iska labh na mile. isko politics par v apply kiya jana chaiye.

0 0 Dear PM, I see the future of the children gloomy since at higher secondary level many can not read their text books; foundation is very poor; question papers are leaked out early; even then teachers dictate multiple choice answers in exam hall!! for meritorious students future is gloomy with 50-69%reservations based on caste; MERIT takes the back seat; Now you intend unemployment allowance of Rs 5000/-pm. consider those with 2K to 4K salary!!want to create lethargy!Plz set norms before luring

0 0 ji, pls talk about allow teacher's to give minimum punishment to develop chareter of the student. Because nowadays, charecter is going down.  And compulsory abolish 'all pass' system to develop quality of education.

0 0 Respected Sir,
               No recruitment in govt insurance sector this year ? I am preparing from last 6 months.. pls sir :(

0 0 Sir, 
Discipline : Dear Students, Follow it……. for Nation’s CAUSE!
Since this Mann Ki Baat episode is related to Students, I hereby request you to inspire our students / Youngsters to inculcate DISCIPLINE in their daily life / routine, which would sure yield rich dividends, to students, including good results in their forthcoming examinations & in the process, CONTRIBUTE TO THE NATION’S CAUSE. 
Further details…..are given in the form of a PDF file enclosed. 
Jai Hind ....Jai Bharat!

0 0 Tybms boards exams are going to come but the time table has no holidays whereas in other courses like tybcom etc they have lot of holidys.It would be very helpful for students to score good marks if their would have been holidays for TYBMS students kindly consider and help us 😞

0 0 छात्रों को परीक्षा के भूत से बचना चाहिये। परीक्षा वाले दिन तैयारी नहीं करनी चाहिये, अपने छोटे छोटे याद पाँईन्ट्स को पहले से ही तैयार कर लें। परीक्षा के एक दिन पूर्व आप हलके या अपनी पसन्द के सिनेमा आदी देखे और सुबह उठकर अपने पहले लिखे पाँईन्टस को एक बार पुन: दोहरा लें। परीक्षा केन्द्र पर आधा घन्टे पहले पहुँच कर अपने मन को शांत कर परीक्षा कक्ष में जावें। प्रश्न पत्र ध्यान से पूरी तरह दो तीन बार पढें। आधे प्रश्नों के उत्तर उसी मिलेगें। अच्छे उत्तर आने वाले प्रश्न को पहले करे सभि प्रश्न करें।

0 0 Dear Sir,
One important thing which i have tested during my study is if student is facing problem with memorize any matter of his/her textbook then he should study that matter just before going to the bed for sleep. He should repeat the same matter after wake up in the morning.This technique will be important to remember the matter for long time.

0 0 Dear PM Sir, If you want to save girl child. do first girls Education free or 50% discount in a private or gov schools, free hospital charges private or government or 50% to 70% discount. train Bus etc .every where give them subsidy.

0 0 Solving previous years question papers and getting them checked by concerned teacher really helps to cope up and also score well in exams.

0 0 Dear PM, I want to draw your kind attention to Exam Fee as well as Age Relaxation Exemption in between General, OBC and SC-ST to fill the form in so many exam. I Thought such discrimination should be remove from the Examination. Because a young Talented who belongs to any category should have a capability to fight the exam without any extra exemption and the same should be applicable at the time of Cutoff marks of Exam. More the difference more the young talented back.

0 0 Dear PM,
Please think on the raising Central Government Jobs Age factor as there are lot of Jobs coming mainly from SSC, BANKING and some other central Govt Organisations and Candidates are applying in a lakhs but there are candidates those are applying for central Govt Jobs regularly and working hard to crack the exam and want to settle down, but still there are lot of candidates still jobless or working privately so for such aspirants please raise the Age bar for the GOVT Jobs.

0 0 Dear sir
Please find attached my views

0 0 Dear Sir,
        i want to attend your views in our true education system.In our school & colleges teacher comes and take a class but they can't take the attention of the student the only cause is they learn us in old process,they cant also notice that students understand or not.sometimes teacher come and gossip with students & force them to take a private tution from him/her.
 it is my huble request to you please kindly do something because we are the next generation & need proper education

0 0 sir I want to say that load of  course of students from class 1- class v should be reduce so that the weight of their school bags are reduced.

0 0 I AM inviting your kind attention on matter of the Results (provisional) published for the exam of JUNIOR ACCOUNTANT AND TEHSIL REVENUE ACCOUNTANT 2013, by Rajasthan public selection commission,I Abhay Kr Sethia with roll no. 482508, with the category of General, NCC cand., is declared as not selected with the fact that I have qualified in both the papers separately as well as in aggregate also. THE MATTER IS THAT THE RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY.

0 0 I am inviting your kind attention on Complains on THE MATTER OF RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY. MY COMPLAIN CAN BE VIEWED AS on the Rajasthan Sampark portal with ID 11160722035360. Complain on the PMO-PG portal is as under 1.	PMOPG/E/2016/0479910. 2. PMOPG/E/2016/0516960. 3. PMOPG/E/2016/0503463. 4. PMOPG/E/2016/0541826. And​ 5.PMOPG/E/2017/0009163​.
PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHMENT AS IT IS VEER IMPORTANT. ALL THESE COMPLAIN ARE PENDING MORE THEN 60 DAYS.

0 0 I AM REQUESTING TO YOU TO PLEASE TAKE MOST URGENT ACTION ON MY COMMUNICATION TO PMO WITH  ID PMOPG/E/2017/0009163, AND ON PMOPG/E/2016/0541826.

0 0 Modiji,narendramodi app available on playstore is no more working,it says webserver not responding,kindly try to correct it.One more thing I want to take into consideration,I'm from Kerala,presently the application for the post of Postman in Kerala circle is in progress,the application fees for girls is Rs 100 & for boys is Rs500.I am kindly request,next time onwards pls reduce to Rs200 so that more candidates can attend the exam.

1 0 Dear Sir,
(i)Students should prepare well, use optimize resources and then give their exams with out any fear. They should be in positive bend of mind.
(ii)In case, God-forbid, even if they fail or score less marks they should not loose hope because that is not the end of the road. Rather they should re try and bounce back with flying colours.
Also, wanted to emphasized that our current education is more as mucking system rather than knowledge gain system.
Regards, Amit Saxena, BIMTECH

0 0 good evening sir, this is AMIT KUMAR SINGH s/o RAJENDRA PRASAD SINGH.. I am a mechanical engineering student presently in third year .. i want from you to start a govt coaching institute for the GATE aspirants for financially weak students ..as comp. is very tough and private coachings centres are taking large amount of fee nearly rs.1 to 2 lakh per year ..which is not afforted by a financially weak students

0 0 " just believe in yourself ". even if you don't , pretend that you do and at some point, you will . it always seems impossible until its done . I'm not telling you its going to be easy , I'm telling you about its going to be worth it ....
shubham jain

0 0 Its important sir

0 0 sir my name is Vishnu,writing from  Kerala, i am a bca graduation from 2015, even till 2017 i hadn't got any job.i am attempting all privet and government  sector exams to get a suitable job. but i cant afford the exam fee raised by the departments.minimum rs.600 for bank jobs ,for other private sector up to 1600 rs. so we cant attempt more than 1,2 in a month,in this case i am missing all the chances,please take a suitable solution for this problem.if it continues ,migration is only way .

0 0 Dear Sir 
I want to draw your attention to the PROBLEM faced by ALL student preparing for MBA. 
There is a big scam out there . College close their form even before we write CAT exam . Every student spends 30,000-50,000 on just forms. 
I.E:- I need to fill the form even before I write the exam(not even before results are out)
L

0 0 6.	Do not discuss answers after completed the exam when you are yet to take more exams, the reason is this effect will affect the next exam preparation.
7.	Try to take easily digestible food prior to exam for better presentation of answers.

0 0 3.	Many students have known the answers, but due to not adherence to time management, they not possible to answer all known questions. Suggestion is fix time limit for answering questions, accordingly follow, and answer all questions.
4.	During preparation for exams, try to note down important formulas, concepts, diagrams which will be helpful to reproduce in exams.
5.	Be cool, do not panic after saw the question paper, coolness will help you re-collect subjects what you have studied.

0 0 Following Tips may be considered for exams preparation and appearing
1.	Passing an examination is not a tough job , but securing centum/high marks  requires more preparation and understanding the subjects.
2.	Questions have been prepared in such a way that it paves the way for meadium, above average and intelligent students. If you look the question paper, you can easily answer the simple questions, and get pass marks, and getting highest mark is result of extensive preparation.

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister ji,
Sub:reforming education policy.
In 2013, Niel (Xavier Niel, the French Telecom billionaire) who learned to Code at 16 on a Sinclair ZX81 and dropped out of school to work on Mintel phone-connected monitors, declaired the education system didn't work and decided to reinvent it by funding an ambitious merit-based  Coding School[Ecole 42].In India, we are also sailing in the same boat due to the atrocities done by politically connected business people who run Colleges.

0 0 The Tea Industry of Assam is providing employment in the state and facilities the revenue of India. Priority must be given to the Tea Factories in Assam so that they get the connection of Piped Natural Gas (PNG).The Oil India Ltd should give priority to the Tea Factories in Assam in providing Pipe Natural Gas (PNG)

0 0 The Tea Industry of Assam is providing employment in the state and facilities the revenue of India. Priority must be given to the Tea Factories in Assam so that they get the connection of Piped Natural Gas (PNG).The Oil India Ltd should give priority to the Tea Factories in Assam in providing Pipe Natural Gas (PNG)

0 0 My dear PM, Being a professional I am involved in evaluating answer books of aspiring professionals. I have given few tips for Presentation of Answers in the attached file. Thank you.

0 0 All online transtions shuold be not charge any tax.If we pay by debit or credit card 2% transtion charge taken it should be free than only public pay online.Online bill payment also taking transtion charges. Digital payment free and cash payment charge 5% tax.

1 0 Sir please we seek help from you sir,its a matter of 850bds students in mp state sir....only you can save our future sir

0 0 For New Budget Session

0 0 Please see the suggestions in the attached file.

0 0 I am a final year b.tech student who want an ICS(Indian Civil Service) coaching centre provided by central government in our west Bengal state, which will help to get coaching of that exam without going Delhi. If the retired IAS and IPS officers teach us on that coaching centre, we all will be very thankful to you sir.

0 0 Dear Students following are the tips as per my experience:
1. Make a schedule to revise your complete syllabus before the exam gets started.
2. Make a daily schedule in which all your daily activities shall be covered such as cleaning yourself, half an hour light exercise/aerobics/yoga etc., which will provide fresh oxygen to your brain and it will work better. have sufficient time for sleep & rest.
3. Give importance to all the subjects.
4. After each exam don't evaluate, plan for the next.

0 0 हम विद्यार्थी के आत्मविश्वास को बढ़ाने के लिए परीक्षा से पूर्व उन्हें खेलने के लिए प्रेरित  करते है ताकि वे एक नयी ऊर्जा के साथ परीक्षा केंद्र में जाएं ! हम विद्यार्थी को  सिखाते है की परीक्षा उस दर्पण की तरह होती है जिसका सामना विद्यार्थी  आत्मविश्वास बढ़ाने के लिए   करता है! विद्यार्थी   परीक्षा को उस दर्पण की तरह ही माने ताकि उन्हें साल भर की तैयारियों का जायजा ले सके!
SCR SR SEC SCHOOL
CHARKHI DADRI
HARYANA
8607225556
AFF. TO CBSE

1 0 Dear Mr. PM Sh. Narendra Modi,
Subject: Major flaw in Indian higher education entrance and recruitment entrance strategy in PSUs.
“Is There Any Strategy Available For An Efficient or Most Eligible Candidate To Make Him/Her Enter In An Opportunity By Considering Equivalent or Bypassing Entrance Exams In India?”
Unfortunately, The answer is ‘No’!
Because most of the recruiters/ evaluators don’t know the purpose of the entrance exam!
Attached file to cont... or https://goo.gl/fZ5v8Q

0 0 Please remove caste reservations in qualifying marks of entrances like AIEEE,NEET etc .., exams which are of central govt. That makes people get confidence to achieve the qualifying mark to get seat in IIT's,IIM's,NIT's etc.., please look for amending this in all competitive exams of central govt. later after the qualifying marks awarded students of reservation should b reimbursement fully .Then the capable students will come into respective courses.

0 0 विधार्थियो के लिए परीक्षा एक आनन्दउत्सव की तरह होनी चाहिए , जिस प्रकार हमारे विद्यालय में मनाई जाती है! बोर्ड परीक्षा में शामिल होने वाले विधार्थियो को कनिष्ठ विद्यार्थी  तिलक लगाकर और दही शक्कर  खिला कर परीक्षा केंद्र में भेजते है ताकि उन्हें आनंद की अनुभूति हो न की भय की! हम विद्यार्थी के आत्मविश्वास को बढ़ाने के लिए परीक्षा से पूर्व उन्हें खेलने के लिए प्रेरित  करते है ताकि वे एक नयी ऊर्जा के साथ परीक्षा केंद्र में जाएं ! हम विद्यार्थी को  सिखाते है की परीक्षा उस दर्पण की तरह होती है जिसका ...

0 0 12TH standard exams is the most crucial for a student. For any unfortunate reasons if a student could not perform well his/her entire career is affected. Like in civil services a student may be given another chance to perform better within a month time if he/she could not do well in the first attempt. This will relieve the exam time tension of many students. The best score in each paper shall be taken as final score.

0 0 Startup India मे छौटा रजिष्टेशन करके योजना का लाभ लेना चाॅहता हुॅ! मगर ईस स्टार्टअप इंडीया मे सहभाग के लिये, Recommendation Latter जरुरी Submission करना है, हमारे जैसे छोटे व्यापारी को कौन Recommendation Latter देगा? हम जैसे small business योजना का लाभ लेने से वंचित रहते है! यह सच है, भविष्य और वर्तमान में "छोटा व्यापारी छोटा ही रहेगा, बडा व्यापारी बहोत बडा होना ही है! क्या सिस्टिम का लाभ बिना शिफारश के या सरल तरिका

0 0 PM जी कुछ माह पूर्व एक मूवी "The man who new infinity" आयी थी।यह महान गणितज्ञ श्रीनिवास रामानुजन जी पर आधारित है। किंतु यह केवल तेलूगू व अंग्रेजी में ही है। हम चाहते हैं कि आप हम students & teachers के लिए इसे हिंदी में भी उपलब्ध कराएं।

0 0 Ek hi shiksha praanali honi chaiye pure Bharat mein.

0 0 In the life of students,The exams are like the passing clouds in the sky. The point i mention is that when we write any exam don't hesitate nor don't fever of exams,many people say that the exams r tough but it describes u a mentality of study & skills.Many say that b careful in the exam but u must only look after ur concentration.Do study daily but don't study at the few min.before ur exam commencement because u will fear a lot at that moment.Assume u know every answer in the question paper.

0 0 Sir all exams days are coming I told some thing about TULSI PATRA it is very scintificali usefull in exam time when we some forgot our questions answer that time TULSI PATRA eat suryalyy our mind go fastly and got the answer.
Than you

0 0 Conduting weekly tests will reduce the buren of examinations.   Students can write exams very comportably.  Therefore the corporate schools are doing this business only.  I am hereby attached an article.

1 0 I don't know if you are reading this but I'll write anyway. I study hard daily to secure admission in the college of my choice. My friend who is much richer than me puts little effort. Still he will probably secure his seat because he belongs to the 'reserved category'. Our maid's son also works very hard to get admission in good college but there is no reservation for him. So Mr.MODI when is this discrimination gonna end? Do you even have the will to do so? When will 'caste' lose its value?

2 0 hello,sir give Backward castes good education,good facilities but not reservations in competitive exams. due to reservations cutoff marks will be less for them.so, they will get seats and scholarships in universities.But general categories students are suffering for high cutoff marks. let, all the students compete and show their talents.so,that talented students can get good future and work for nation.
EVERYONE ARE EQUAL BEFORE LAW.
#SAY NO TO RESERVATIONS IN INDIA #MyGov.
Jai hind.

0 0 To students - do not be depressed , never even think of committing suicide if you get less marks. Albert Einstein has said that - The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. Enhance your imaginations.

0 0 In engineering institutes, stress on innovation and Research must be given for bright future of students.

0 0 Hon PM,
I have attached a File and hope you find my views satisfactory.
Thanks and Regards

0 0 Human values should be made compulsory in High school and intermediate and respect to parents and elderly persons should be taught.

0 0 1. Throughout the year studying & evaluation is best 2. Play & study should be given equal importance 3. Yoga, Meditation will improve memory & concentration 4. Making notes & writing often is ten time better than reading many times 5. Scoring should not be the key focus, rather understanding the subject leads to scoring naturally 6. Mock preparatory self tests should be practiced 7. Early morning reading is better than sleepless nights 8. Counselling, guiding, preaching should lessen stress.

0 0 प्रणाम प्रधानमंत्री जी,
 I'm Kanha from Gorakhpur(UP), pursuing M.Com
May Prabhu bless you much power to take bold decision
हम भारतीयों का सौभाग्य है कि हम अपने मन की बात डायरेक्ट अपने PM से कर सकते हैं शायद ही किसी देश में ऐसा हो।
वैसे इस बार आपको लाइव नहीं सुन पाएंगे क्योंकि उस दिन सुबह दैनिक जागरण के बाइकाथन में जाना है।
दिसंबर में आपने 10 परिवारों को कैशलेश बनाने को कहा था Paytm व Mobikwik के साथ मिलकर 15 दुकानों को digi लेन-देन सिखा दिया। इससे हमें कैशबैक व फीडबैक दोनों अच्छा मिलता है।

0 0 I think primary level of a student to make him best. So Sir you can help the primary school to make a child for better study for our nation

0 0 For non IIT background Engineering University should give more to practical knowledge than on theoretical As what we learn in 4 years of engineering is hardly relevant to job profile we get

0 0 Digital evaluation should be encouraged so that any student can see his/her Answer copies  on line.

0 0 Good plan can reduce all stress level for exams. Students and parents both have to plan their time accordingly. Not much Howwa should be created for the exams, it is parents who creat a type of exam phobia for the students, let them work independently, just help students when they need you, communicate more with them during these days. Let them relax and keep them happy and help them in preparation for their exams . Thats it ...

0 0 sir school is the only primary source for a student to get the best knowledge of theoritical and practical basic things. All schools will tell you about all the competitive exams which can be give after 12th i.e JEE or NEET but the only knowledge which is not given to students are of defense forces and how to get into it After 12th std or after Graduation. There are many students who have zero knowledge about how to get into forces as an officers so there is need of defense kwldge to schl stdnts

1 0 Respected P.M. Sir..
i would like to give suggestion about colleges and universities...
main suggestion is that... 
when any student submit the form for revalution or rechecking for his exam and in actual his no.increased than revalution form fees should be returned to the students.

0 0 Hon’ble  P.M.,
Being  a  Sr.  Citizen with my experience  I request that abnormal  delay  in decision by Govt.  Employee or Pvt.  Organization be treated as corruption.  To some extent  abnormal  delay is the root cause of  Terrorism /corruption and hindrance in the  development of  economy. 
Regards,

0 0 Hon’ble  P.M.,
Being  a  Sr.  Citizen with my experience  I request that abnormal  delay  in decision by Govt.  Employee or Pvt.  Organization be treated as corruption.  To some extent  abnormal  delay is the root cause of  Terrorism /corruption and hindrance in the  development of  economy. 
Regards,

0 0 Hon’ble P.M.,  
I   beg to inform,  present days  schooling is breed of so many diseases like   Diabities / Hypertension / Gastric in early age of  youngers since 70% children do not take Breakfast and are not used to defecation  in the morning before  leaving  to school. This require Govt. attention.  
Regards,

0 0 Sir, I can bring down stress and tension levels to minimum by sharing my Memory Tips for FREE with students of the nation. My memory expertise is always available on your instruction for our India. I m just a call away at 9837045022

0 0 ప్రధానమంత్రి గారికి నమస్కారం నా పేరు ప్రవీణ్ sir నాకు NDA ARMY NAVY అంటే చాల ఇష్టం కానీ QUALIFICATIONS లో PHYSICS maths చదివినవాళ్ళుమాత్రమే అర్హులు అని ఇచ్చరు.నాకు nda లో చేరడం ఇష్టం ఇప్పుడు నేను డిగ్రీ comlpete చేసా. with commerce baground, inter చదువుతున్నప్పుడు నాకు ఎలా చెరలో తెలిదు కానీ ఇప్పుడు తెలుసుకున్నాను కానీ నాకు అవకాశం లేదు.please sir suggest me.....salute  to constitution creaters

0 0 Sir. Board exams are just another set of exams not something out of the world. Keeping in view this, kids need to be counselled to instill feeling of confidence in them & efforts should be made to restore their faith on their intelligence & preparations. Parents, neighbours, family should stop behaving abnormally. Show confidence in your child's capabilities. Guide them in time n syllabus management.Don't say 'board hai phone pe baat mat karo'.Balance study with sufficient rest and entertainment

0 0 Degree degree and degree ---but no practical experience...I have seen that without degree how our mothers, and sisters hold the house budget . I am not the scholar or topper of any university or school but that time no reservation in education for appointment in teacher .Teaching is not the business or profession. If any govt. appoint the teacher on the basis of reservation then see the future of nation . When the root of nation goes week what happen ?

1 0 DEAR P.M Sir i want to suggest that the following steps should be considered in compitative exam....   
1.all competative exam should be online.
2.competative exam fees should be minimum.and exam center should be nearby station hereby transportation charges can be beared by every student.
3.detail of marks obtained by all appearing student should also be displayed.even he not get success.
4.result should be conclude in minimum time.

0 0 1st Death Anniversary of the Founder Chairman of South Point School Omkar nagar Nagpur was observed differently
Principal Dr Mrunalini Dasture collected 2000 old Sweaters, Blankets, Shawls from the students
180 High School students & teachers went for 12 evening after dinner, where poor and beggars reside in the night  like, Bridge, Railway platform, Bus & Auto Stand
Students put the items on them to save them from chilly winters
STUDENTS LEARN GOOD VALUES BY DOING THEMSELVES(Caring Poor)

1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री नमस्कार में एक टीचर हु मेरे ख्याल से पुरे भारत में एक ही बोर्ड होना चाहिए सारे मार्क्स बोर्ड की तरफ तय होना चाहिए ताकि बच्चों की काबलियत का बराबर पता चल सके और स्कूलों की सारी फीस और फण्ड कैशलेस होने चाहिए और बोर्ड की बुक्स लगनी चाहिए पेपर सभी छात्रो को ध्यान मै रख कर बनाना चाहिए

0 0 mahashay ji,
copy ya nakala karne par kade se kada pratibandh lagana chahiye.copy karne ke nyuntaye vistarse bataeeye.main khud jada marks nahi liye fir bhi jo bhi janta hun uspe mujhe abhimaan hai. mere paas deh ko dene keliye jindagi se liya hua anubhav yukt gyan hai.jo aaj ke copy karke liye hue marks ke kaee bar jada hai. maine aksar dekha hai ki jo copy karke aya hua gyan dusre din bhi nahi tikta.mera aapse anurodh hai ki ap vidyarthiyonko copy ya anya gair tarikon se dur rehane ko kahe

0 0 Respected Sir,
One main point some students miss during the preparation of the examination is the exam orientation. Their preparation must be oriented according to the exam. It is correct that we must explore a topic which we are reading and go deep into it. But during exam preparation also , some students go so deep into the topic that they forget the exam orientation and the importance  of that topic in the examination, hence they have less time for other important topics.

1 0 Dear Sir,
For Teachers- Teachers should treat, support, be warm be sincere towards students,they should help them prepare for exams just as if they are preparing their own child for the exam.
For students- Students should either meditate or go to religious place, natural place whatever soothes them for at least 5 minutes everyday.
Parents and Students- Weather is changing students to take care by avoiding outside food and cold drinks, stick to healthy diet.

0 0 To all the chartered Accountancy students, i am sharing a pdf file Five things for becoming a qualified CA as because of the limited words here i am enclosing the pdf file,
Go through the article this will help alot of students to complete the CA course easily

1 0 sir i know ,you did best work for youth , but by from you   very job get in pvt.
but some compeny are they not give good salary to worker ,so our youth not satisfied with pvt. compeny job , i want
from you as you make law for worker  ,
then our youth believe in pvt. then they will job.
and you make job card no. for every person pvt. sector sector job card give by govt. and you  give to our worker trust they will job pvt. job .

0 0 Sir,
Schools need to teach and guide students to face Board exams and other exams like NEET, JEE etc. I suggest Private coaching centers/tution centers are not needed.
It is
1.Extra burden to students
2.lack of time to take care health (less sleep, no physical exercises, always pressure)
3. Extra expenses to parents.
At present, because of tutions, many schools are not  teaching. Tution going students get good marks compared to others. This trend needs to change.

1 0 नमस्कार मा.पंतप्रधान जी .
मुझे लागता है कि अभिकी शिक्षन प्रणाली ठीक नाही है खास करके महाराष्ट्र मै!अगर आप १०वी कक्षा तक किसीको अगर आप उसकी पात्रता ना होते हुए भी अगर आप उसे अगली कक्षा तक भेजते रहेंगे तो मुजे बताये कि आप भारत का भविष्य बना राहे है या बिगाड राहे है ? क्युकी उस बच्चेको अगर पढना हि नाही आता या उसे गणित हि नाही आता तो वह आगे जाकर क्या करेगा? मतलब वह इस शिक्षन प्रणाली कि वजेसे डीग्री होकार भी गाधेका काम करेगा!तो पढकर फायदा हि क्या अगर उसको ना पाढाना आता है ना लिखाणा तो आपही सोचीये!

0 0 Dear Sir,
I really admire your concept of connecting to the masses of India through Mann Ki Baat. I have following ideas:
1. Go early to the bed, have sufficient sleep, and get up early in the  morning. Before starting studies, a few minutes of deep breathing Pranayam would be of great help.
2. Take regular breaks in between studies.
3. Be regular with studies to avoid last minute rush
4. Relax your mind with some physical exercise/ game everyday.
5. Have limited access of social media.

0 0 Respected Sir,
My daughter is studying in IInd standard. Schools are giving so many project to small kids which they couldn't do. Pl. give instructions to schools which are giving Project for Primary Section student.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
I would like to suggest some important steps to be taken for the students with disability. First of all, the examinations like IIT-JEE, Board exams etc. should be conducted in such a way that it should examine the 'Knowledge' of a candidate rather than his/her physical competence with other students. This can be done in the form of relaxations given to divyangs like more quota in computer science in IIT, writer for more than 80% disabled in all the  exams.
#MannKiBaat

0 0 in present seniro educational institutions are to be linked to industry and research institutions so, that we can creat a lot of jobs in industry and research instituion and also continuous knowledge updation for teachers may be provieded to enrich them and the same to may be transfered students and society

0 0 Sir, I request you, for single exam in Philosophy of Doctorate admission, like in Medical(NEET) and in Engineering(AIEEE etc.). Because many times students have keen interest in research do not know how to engaged with an research organisation or university of their interest, due to different admission criteria everywhere. Some institute wants GATE/NET qualified candidates while some some conducted their own written examination, these things creates problems to the students.

0 0 Respected Sir;
   Agreeing to the suggestions given by others , I would like to add that , finding suitable job is the biggest hurdle every youngster is facing . The term 'suitable' relates to job opportunity to the person for what he is qualified to and salary based on his qualification.
Today me being an engineer, have under gone this phase and have seen many such engineers who work in other jobs for a petty amount. Even if the person gets job in right domin, the growth is limited.

2 0 Respected sir, as all of us are aware of harsh truth that the cases of suicide among students are increasing. Students can't share their feelings with their parents as in most of cases the pressure to get high marks is from parents only. There is a desi,authentic and affective way to deal with these pressure from our culture that is gita,kuran,bible. Reading them can cure all problem. Also government should make compulsory in schools to teach students about these holy books.

0 0 Sir
     During examinations time as a parent should support their wards in a positive manner.They must encourage them and move with friendly aspects.
As a student,understand the importance of exam and prepare well. They should not waste time.
As a teacher,they must motivate their students and especially they must take care of weak students and give attention to them.

1 0 Ganga nadi ka pani madya bharat main lene se koi garib nahi rahega. please is project ko sakar karo

0 0 Dear Sir, your govt launched the UDAAN program for promoting technical education of girl students and is fulfilling its purpose. It will have a very good long term results. However Sir the fee scholarship to the students takes a long time to actually reach the students. For students of 2016-17 the subsidy is not yet cleared with one semester already completed. Plans can be more implementable to serve the purpose. Regards.

0 0 I would like to thank you our prime minister for giving me this opportunity to share my thoughts.
Problem statement: -Teachers, students, and parents are not aware of various career opportunity available.
Possible solution: -Teachers should be trained to guide students in the various career opportunity and how to prepare for the same. Information should be given by teachers in schools before 10th class. parents should be made aware of this careers.

1 0 Sir,I am Jyoti Prava jema,a bsc 3rd year student,Ramadevi women's university,from odisha.Now a days most of the parents preferring English medium school for their children. Especially schools under cbsc Bord. But there is no subject in cbsc Bord containing regional information. For which students remain unaware about their own state. For example pupils studying in school under cbsc Bord in odisha do not know about the history,geography or literature of odisha. I think it is a huge drawback.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सादर नमन, शिक्षा और चिकित्सा गरीब आदमी के बूते से बाहर होती जा रही है I ये दोनों फील्ड किसी जमाने में सेवा समझे जाते थे लेकिन आजकल बिज़नेस बन गए हैं I सरकारी शिक्षा सिस्टम को प्राइवेट से अधिक बढ़िया बनाया जाना चाहिए I सर, आखिर क्या कारण हैं की हर आदमी नौकरी तो सरकारी चाहता है पर अपने बच्चों को सरकारी स्कूलों में नहीं पढ़ना चाहता, यहाँ तक की सरकारी टीचर भी I धन्यवाद, सुरेंदर सिंह बागी, महम (रोहतक) हरियाणा  I

1 0 Hello Sir Your CashLess Disigen is very very good. I request you do to please poor man what are do ?

0 0 Good afternoon PM sir, Iam from Bangalore and very proud to share my thought with a man who has always with a lot of strong messages, decisions and is restless to do more & more for our nation.
Sir Iam a father of 12 th std student and with forthcoming board exam. My thought is that 'the time has come to take strong step to control/stop the growing tuition system as parallel running with upperclass school edn'. Parents, Students and Teachers are in confusion & unable to achieve good results.

0 0 I have of course written a lot of exams and now , my children do.
While exams, do help students learn, the way they are constructed, sometimes it seems your luck is tested as much as your knowledge. I have also found teachers not encouraging originality.It is a stressful time, for all.  I hope something can be done to make education seem like something to help people learn and grow rather than just acquire certificates.

0 0 very good.

0 0 Hello !
Some time back I was trying to find educational videos on youtube to teach my younger brother some concepts of mathematics and that's when I came across ExamFear.com
They have all the CBSE content for free available on their website and youtube channel.
I think it will help many other students :)

0 0 Dear Hon. Modi sir
Season's Greetings & happy republic day well in advance, just wish to attached news cutting message in addition to my previous e-mail, kindly consider the same pertain to reservation system in Indian education at present
with warm regards
pawan kumar kotiyal

0 0 Dear Sir,
 Your emphasis for the Public sector research institutions to encourage students have been complied only on paper, with their sites putting encouraging messages for internship but nil response is there on application by students. Need to transform this into actionable reality.
     Sir,student fee subsidy/reservation on caste basis even by financial sound parents needs to be appealed to voluntarily give up the subsidy for better channelising of funds.
P S Rao, Gandhinagar

0 0 At this age most of the children’s loosing concentrations, distracted from milestones  & mentally imbalanced due to unusual (porn, anti national videos, anti social activities) material seen by him or her on internet or social media & this leads to increasing IN CRIME RATE BY CHILD’S..
So my suggestion is “SOME KIND OF AGE CONTROL, PARENTAL CONTROL & FILTERS ARE REQUIRED ON WEBSITES, SEARCH ENGINES AND OPEN INTERNET SOURCES”
SAVE FUTURE & INDIAN CULTURE

0 0 Hon. Sir
 Please see attachment.

7 0 We urge the Government to treat our Children, who are Resident OCI, after their Higher Secondary Board Exams, at par with Indian Nationals, in the process of admission to the professional graduation and post-graduation courses offered by all the national, state level government aided and privately run Institutes, uniformly. This will promote equality and will encourage the aspiring professionals to serve building our nation dutifully.

1 0 Dear Sir,  Education is becoming very costly and all our thoughts/energy are getting wasted on constantly thinking this.  Kindly look into this matter and bring a system in place where there is a restriction and regulation on private schools charging high fees in schools and colleges.  No question of saving some money for the future if we have two kids studying in a private school.  Thanks.

0 0 Respected Sir, Kindly consider to change our educational system and timing as well. also private institutes charges on students.

0 0 sir, they are trying to detain children who had learning disability though the board accepts them with concessions, the schools in order to get a 100% first class result , trying to keep them in 9th or 11th itself so that their results will not be affected. This demoralizes the child and many commit suicide or go into depression, hence the school managements are to be warned against this kind of discrimination

0 0 Sir
Please see the attachment

0 0 Namaskaar Respected PM ji,
Youngesters....
1. Set your target cautiously. Wrong target will result n wrong result.
2. Don't read selective, cover entire syllabus.
3. NCERT books/ books recommended by State board are must read. Board papers are always set from these books only.
4. Must read examples given in books.
5. Practice by writing only.
6. For a paper of 3 hrs. duration, practice to sit and write continuously for at least 4 hrs.
7.Must have breakfast/light food before exam.
Thanks

0 0 suggestion

0 0 Entire Education System is in shambles since the Ministry of Human Resources (Department of Education) is unable to monitor and control either the corrupt University Grants Commission or the Universities or the affiliated Colleges, etc. There is rampant corruption and nepotism in Admission procedures, and also in the Examination systems. Our adorable Prime Minister has failed on his Promise "naa hi khane doonga" --due to lack of administrative experience, qualifications and vision of Ministers

0 0 Hon. PM Sir,
The biggest issue which students must tackle during exam time is fear. It has direct bearing not only to performance in exams but also self-worth. Every student is much more concerned about his/her future than parents know of. They not only want to be part of nation building in future but also need recognition. Some students can cope with this fears but others find it difficult. Those who cannot, a word of encouragement and assurance that they will not be left behind will help.

0 0 Sir,
 It is required to be free in education current system bind us. We are just passed with questions which are never solved. There are some terms which should be changed. So we can study free to help country,instead of just passing exams for job.

0 0 NONE OF MLA/MP/MINISTERS DO NOT DECLARE ACTUAL INCOME OF HIMSELF AND THEIR FAMILY. THEY EARN DURING TENUARE OF ABOVE CRORES OF CRORES

0 0 SIR UUJAVALA YOJA TO AP BAND KAR DIJIYE YE AAP SE NAHI HOGA QUOKI GAS AGENCIS  GAS DELEVERI DEGE NAHI KOI 100 RUPAYA LAGA KE GAS LENE  JAYEGE NAHI 4 SE 5 GANTA KAM CHOD KE KAUN LAIN LAGAYEGA JABKI AGECI VALE HOME DELEVERI CHARG + 20RS LEGE

0 0 Hi  Dear Modi sir,
Subject : Mann Ki Baat : Present reservation  in Indian education system vs disseminate an equally to all needy poor people above cast & creeds
Season’s greetings well in advance on this Republic day !
Onset many congratulation for your innovative incredible nation building initiatives . “Mann Ki Baat “ is quite interesting & very motivated to all people of our country.,I am just writing to you pertain to Ministry of EDUCATION and other department too

0 0 sir sabhi subsidy band kar ke bachcho avam desvasio ke ujjaval bhabhisv ke liye keval davai avam padhai free kar dijiye quoki ye dona jarurat pura karne me am inshan ko chodiye achhe achhe barbad ho jate hai SHICHAN AVAM HOSPITAL VYAVSAI MANAK SE DAS GUNA JYADA FEES AVAM BHADA LETE HAI VOBHI 12 MAH KA AVAM TAX BHI NAHI DETE HOSPITAL ME NARMAL DELEVERI KA OPERATIVE DELEVRI KARATE HAI NARMAL OPERATION KO BADA BANATE HAI MAHGI AVAM JYADA DAVA LIKHTE HAI ESKA KHUB BYAVSAYI KARAN HOTA HAI

0 0 Sir exams are going good but i m facing other difficulties like i hv an amount of 3000 of old currency bt when i am going to rbi branch delhi they refuse to change that..  While you said in your first official statement that the one who is unable to exchange their currency till the 31st December ll change it in rbi branch till the march...  But its not happening

0 0 To setup National Education Grading Authority to bring quality Education.

0 0 Been a very ordinary student but PROPER education n guidance by school(Govt)teachers, personal efforts n NO Coaching Classes (CC), made me CA in 81.I c present day children, feel what has been happening 2 d whole education system, which in fact cannt b n should nt b called an education system, at all. Go 2 any nook n corner, go 2 any small town, CC r mushrooming like mosquitos n every CC claims in full front page advertisement that they r d best. V hv made our wards a number crunching machine?

0 0 Teachers must act as Lord Krishan in lives of their students and motivate Arjuns ( Students ) to work without tension of results of success or failure.
To students - I would like to suggest , be hard-workers and honest. Do not copy or imitate others , try to create something in any field. Observe , learn , listen , read , play , contemplate as much as you can. Respect time , respect elders. Albert Einstein had said that "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new".

0 0 Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi sir namaskar my name is Hithesh T V from Mekeri village Madikeri Taluk Kodagu district Karnataka I'm studying Engineering in kvg college of engineering Dakshina Kannada district Karnataka
Sir I have made a project which is based on problem arising from Technology the whole world is in under this problem.This problem is mainly found in telecommunication sector and India is in 114 place.so I want to meet you to discuss about this problem & I have solution

0 0 Teachers must always teach the students the lessons of hard-work and honesty. The life of a student with the wheels of hard-work and honesty will surely reach to the expected goals of the life. Be fair to all students , share your experiences. Keep broad options of career in their lives. Do not stick to limited options in career-making. Tell them that the world is an ocean of opportunities , just be confident and grab the best opportunity.

0 0 Exams are stressful times for students,  when competition is increasing and demands from parents are also high. I would suggest schools should have extra tution provisions for clearing doubts even if it is with some fee. Secondly,  the carrer counselling should start in school from pre HSC levels to give direction to individual aspirations.

0 0 Just provoke your kids to work hard. In Sri MadBhagwad Geeta - The Karam is considered the best irrespective of the result of the Karams done. All players in a game , do not win , only one wins , it does not indicate that other players should not play. Try for better. If your kids will prepare for exams with free minds , they will certainly do better.
For the teachers -- I would like to suggest that they should teach lessons of hard-work and honesty to your students.

0 0 respected sir i witnessed suggestions pour in however discarded requested to the gov that reduce the prevailing inequalities and corrupt practices in the following fields which are divided into several underground layers of social economic divisions
education ---no unique system has been found
i though an ignou student thus unemployed.
people --divide and rule policy. i could suggest to remove prevailing inequalities and bring development in the field concerned.call me!

0 0 Higher Education should be subsidised completely to enhance the intellectual capital of our country. Presently only the rich can afford top institutions and become richer. Skills are a must, but should come with a degree to enhance employment opportunities. The disparity in income may reduce when higher education becomes completely subsidised for all i.e no tuition fee. Economically weak may send their children to school when higher education is also free.

0 0 The examination days are drawing near - some students are excited and some are in fear.
As a parent - I would like to advise the parents/guardians of the students that never pressurize your wards to bring high percentage in exams. Just motivate them to do good and try for better but never expect high performance from your wards. It will mentally tease the students and if you do not get expected results , you too will be depressed. in depression , you will scold your child and spoil your image

0 0 Respected Pm you are working proper and very good

0 0 The PM shall try to elucidate on focusing and dedicating one's psyche entirely to education.
    Examinations are taken or given to catch the exceptions,anomalies or loopholes in one's knowledge.It makes us know the areas where we are fallacious and that which most necessarily needs care and attention.Examinations should be taken in a spirit of finding the erroneous points in our knowledge and not simply in a materialist light i.e. simply with an intention to get good grades .

0 0 Education shapes a nation.
Strenuous study reveals where we are especially weak at.When the examinations come very close, we get tensed and this makes us all the more focused at work.However,deviations from study play the most vital role in deciding one's fate.During this period ,it is greatly difficult to acclimatize our mind to the environs that seem precarious and perilous.Time seems to fleet bit by bit.With hardly a month left behind the board exams , it is becoming obsessing ,to cope up.

0 0 jeevan me har waqt har kisi ke exam chalta rahta hai. wo ek alag bat hai ki kisi ka chap jata hai aur kisi ka chip jata hai. aapki icha ka result na aane ka sabse bda karan aapka dar hai.
aapko dar hota hai family aur society ki expectation se, aapke aas pas ke environment me hone wale comparison se, social functions me hone wali bacho ki study related bato se. bacha har waqt ek anjaan dar se dabta jata hai.muje lagta hai ki bache ko positive supportive family environment unke exam me help kart

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आज के युग की बात करे तो सबसे पहले इंटरनेट की बात या बात आती है ऑनलाइन सुविधायों की तो इनमे लगभग सरकार का जो बड़ा हस्तक्षेप है वो आधार कार्ड के जरिये है
हर किसी नागरिक को आधार कार्ड की बेहद जरूरत है पर कभी भी किसी के आधार कार्ड में नाम गलत होने पर या कोई अन्य त्रुटि हो जाने पर जब वह सही करवाने के बाद दोबारा इन्टरनेट से अपना आधार कार्ड निकलवाता है तो वह कई जगह पर मान्य नहीं है आपसे गुजारिश है. की अगर हम डिजिटल युग की बाते करते है तो इसे पूरी तरह अपनाना होगा।

0 0 I'm VISHAL KUMAR from MUZAFFARPUR.Pin No. 842002

0 0 KINDLY EXTEND MAN KI BAAT TO 30 MINUTES TO COVER MANY AREAS. PLEASE  ADVISE STUDENTS NOT TO BECOME ROTE MACHINES TO SCORE MARKS AND THINK THAT ACADEMICS ONLY MAKE OR MAR THIER LIVES AS LIFE IS MUCH MORE BEAUTIFUL/MEANINGFUL THAN JUST ROTE LEARNING.  KNOWLEDGE IS PREFERABLE TO INFORMATION GATHERING AND LIFE SKILLS/COMMONSENSE WILL NOT PUSH US TOWARDS DEPRESSION/SUICIDES! PM MODIJI YOUR TIMELY ADVICE IS VERY MUCH REQUIRED FOR OUR STUDENTS WHO WILL BE FACING EXAMS SHORTLY. THANK YOU SIR.

1 0 respected prime minister sir,    there so many poor students in my villege but due to cast they are not getting reservation in education and others who are in city and are rich but because they are sc/st they are getting benefits .....so sir how can they get education because they real poor.......i would like to suggest you that the reservation should be get by the real poor students..reservation must be on the basis of economic condition not on the basis of cast..

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री और MyGov Team के सभी सदस्य गण,
भारत सरकार
आप सभी को मेरा प्यार भरा नमस्कार
Respected All,
धर्म और जाती के नामपर दिए जाने वाले शिक्षण और परीक्षा (Exam) की जगह पर देशहित, राष्ट्रीय एकात्मता और worldwide चलने वाले शिक्षण और exam parents, teachers, और बच्चो को लेने और देने के बारे में maan की baat करे
जय हिन्द जय भारत
आपका 
प्रकाश तेली
जलगाँव (महाराष्ट्र)
Email:- prakash.teli@yahoo.com & prakash.teli1@gmail.com
9860041856/9579111222

0 0 Honorable PM Sir,
I think you should tell students that Putting Effort is more important than Results.And if the efforts are good,naturally results will also be good.
Getting good marks is not a  LIFE DECIDER...rather, the ability to put effort and follow a discipline is always a better bet to succeed in life
Regds
Jaisimha

0 0 respected sir
 I want to say that there are so many carrer options in a student life after clearing class10 either they will go to science side or commerce side or arts side but sir only thinking of parents is that science side is better for carrer than arts side they do not understand the interest of their child and force him to go into the science side
sir i requested you to please convey to all parents that change their attitude and try to understand the interest of child

0 0 Respected PM of India,
Why can't we bring in best practices of educational system across the world? In Singapore, board examinations are evaluated by whole staff by providing one week holidays to the whole children in that school. Written examination have only ~50% scoring, Student's communicational skills, behaviour, sports, general knowledge, current affairs etc are being evaluated.
Can we adapt the below actions as a start....
 Till 7 years no written exam in any schools

0 0 There must be a kind of self assessment test every year mandatory for every teacher. Very often we come to know that a teacher is not able to answer the basic questions related to their subject. If they don't know these basic thing what they will teach to their students. So it must be mandatory for teacher to pass that performance test every year to make sure that they know what they are supposed to teach their student. Also please remove caste based reservation at least from education system.

1 0 Respected Modi Ji,
This is with reference to latest incidents of corruption in Indian Army/Defence Forces.I would like to suggest that in line with your plan direct subsidy to account why the same was not apply to Army/Defence centeen facilities as the misuse of subsidy by many people other than Army personals.

0 0 प्रिय प्रधानमंत्रीजी गनतंत्र दिन के अवसर पर शुभेछा
रोजगार हमी योजना मे उच्च शिक्षीत युवक कंत्राटी काम कर रहे हे.जिनको कम मानधन मिलता हे.मानधन समय पर नहिमिलना .और भविष्य मे नोकरी की गॅरन्टी नहोना इस वजह से  उनका शोषन होरहा हे,
मेरी आपसे बिनती हे की कृपया आप इस बात पर कुछ करे .

0 0 Hon'ble Sir,
           I am from J&K State I want to bring it to your kind notice that there are some private schools in Jammu having CBSE syllabus and the management of these school don't issue the Admit card of students in time with the result students remain under stress and this results in their performance so strict instructions should be issued for issuance of these Admits cards to sit in the Exams to the concerned studentsas soon as the school receives these cards from the CBSE Board

0 0 respected prime minister sir,                                                                                                                                sir i am from villege of district washim from maharashtra. there so many students in my villege and they want to learn but due to poorness their parents force to do work. but sir you can incourage them to higher education by saying that there are so many gov fascility to get education.....but all fascility are not reached in our villege ....

0 0 Dear PM,
Please read my opinion article "Stop teaching Indians to copy & paste" in world reputed science magazine Nature
http://www.nature.com/news/stop-teaching-indians-to-copy-and-paste-1.20157
Sincerely
Anurag chaurasia
Scientist (Biotechnology)
National Bureau of Agriculturally Important Microorganisms (NBAIM)
Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Govt. of India
anurag_vns1@yahoo.co.in govtofindia.icar@gmail.com +919452196686 (M) 05422390286 [Res]

0 0 श्रीमानजी
नकल पर रोक लगे
 मंहगी शिक्षा पर रोक लगे
मंहगी कोचिंग संस्थानों की फीस पर रोक लगे
प्राइवेट स्कूलों को जो कमाई का जरिया बना दिया गया है यह जो ngo के माध्यम से यह स्कूल कॉलेज संस्थान खोले जाते हैं इन्हें कमाई का जरिया नहीं बनने दिया जाए।
ऐसे टीचर जो बच्चों को नहीं पढ़ाते हैं उन पर कार्रवाई हो।
गरीब बच्चों को निशुल्क शिक्षा मिले। यह व्यवस्था प्राइवेट स्कूलों संस्थानों पर भी लागू हो।
चरित्र निर्माण, नैतिक शिक्षा  और राष्ट्रीयता भी  व्यापक स्तर पर lagu ho.
एक समान शिक्षा।

0 1 Mr PM
SIR MY SELF RAVI KUMAR AND I BELONG TO SC SO I WANT TO SUGGEST SOME POINT SIR ABOUT THE DISCRIMINATION AND LACK OF KNOWLEDGE.SIR FIRST WE HAVE TO GIVE KNOWLEDGE AND GIVE HOW TO DEVELOP URSELF.WE HAVE TO MAKE DISTRICT WISE SC/ST INFORMATION CENTRE WITH MINIMUN 10 STAFF WITH ONE HEAD PERSON OF DISTRICT.BUT IMPORTANT POINT IS THAT YOU HAVE TO RECRUIT ALL THE PEOPLE WHO BELONGS TO SC/ST THEN ONLY WE DEVELOP.SCHEME WE ARE SEEING SINCE LAST 70 YEARS BUT THE SITUATION ALREADY SAME.

0 0 Firstly,
My suggestion would be focus on NCERT questions for board aspirants.
Secondly,
Approach should be qualitive rather than quantative.
Thirdly,
Conceptual questions needs to be revised at this point of time.
Fourthly,
Meditation is core point in enhanci g knowledge, Try to medidate and then study it will increase your capturing and memorising power.

0 0 Respected sir
this is Manjunath from karnataka sir
i have applied for IBPS exams in 2015.. their is no Reservation for local Karnataska students so many Andhra pradesh and Telangana students are applying and compitating with our state. than how can we compitate with them sir. in our state  so many graduates are jobless. already we are suffering jobless problem...they are securing jobs in our states and they are ruling us..where will we go.and they are behaving like britishes we are Indians.

1 0 The first thing each and every parent may like to know is that the parents are the best judge of the capabilities and working methods, and  the biggest well wishers of  their respective children. But still, the parents, in my opinion, must not impose their thoughts and methods on the kids as a unique method of preparation. They must invite an open minded discussion, and listen to the kid. I am sure, the youngsters will

1 0 Our Lovely PM Sir,
Most Important point to be taken care by candidate is " No fear of failure". Most of the students have fear of failure while appearing for exams. They should forget about their past failure and have faith on themselves. I will my example in this case : Even though I have got 39% marks in Higher Secondary, I have cleared Chartered Accountancy Final Exams.

1 0 sir we should take steps towards quality education and removal of reservation based on cast 50% reservation does not make any sense. And  it is not good for the developing India.teachers must use some creativity while teaching if the teaching is creative than only the students are creative. teachers have to pay attention on very individual student.Our education system need some instant changes like to make education interesting and creative.
our primary classes need improvement and focus.

2 0 Dear PM,
Please give the examples like of Einstein [a great scientist] was never class topper, then successful person like Bill Gate was university dropout but many such peoples are successful in their real life. So getting high marks in examinations are not an essential sign to be successful in real life. So dear students please be pressure free, and try to succeed in life real examinations than in class examinations.
Sincerely
Anurag

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, As a teacher and a paper evaluator, I wish to put forth the following comment to the students. Please convey the same on my behalf
As far as possible, write answers to questions in chronological sequence only. For e.g. write Ans. 2 after Ans. 1, then Ans 3, so on and so forth. Leave some space for Ans. 2 if you don't know. Then come back later and answer it. If you write answers in random order, you are confusing the evaluator, who may forget to add up some marks.

0 0 सर मैं संगम विहार नई दिल्ली में रहता हूं और एक ऑटो ड्राइवर हूँ मै अपना मकान बनाना चाहता हू लेकिन कोई भी बैंक मुझे लोन नहीं देता क्योंकि मैं एक ऑटो चालक हू इसलिए आप बताये मैं क्या करूँ मेरा मकान 4फिट नीचे चला गया है जिसमे बरसात के समय पानी भर जाता है

0 0 Dear Mr.PM
Kindly ask students to not to waste their time on playing games on mobile and watching t.v. Since you know it very well, majority of staudents are carrying smartphones..

1 0 Respected Modi ji,
I have created a platform to provide education to children Free of cost. This platform named examfear.com has the entire content of NCERT textbooks(Class 6 to 12) in the form of videos and notes. I have created  more than 5500 videos in the past 6 years. I have even resigned from my IT job to do this full time. These free online resources tremendously help students in small towns/ villages. My efforts will be successful if more students are benefited from examfear.com

0 0 Respected PM Sir, I would really appreciate if you could please add the following point to your speech for the students of our nation. Every morning when I drive to my work, I see most of the school bus drivers and private school cab drivers very rashly and jumping red lights.I think if we will teach/educate our children to ask them to stop their driver to jump red lights.I also have 2 children and really felt about Etawah school bus accident. Thank for all you are doing for our Nation. Jai Hind

0 0 Dear sir,
First thing  you changed the system of education by starting with practical and then come to theory  and not reverse . Also education should  make student self dependent , whcih is not happening right now , Remove all  reservation for marks for getting admission , in  todays world does it really make sense . Education minister should be from IITian with  IIM background , who understand the education need with management skills . Teach for India can give good inputs here.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्रीजी मेरा ये सुझाव है कि शिक्षा के क्षेत्र में हमें सबसे ज्यादा सुधार की जरूरत बेसिक और मध्यमिक स्तर पर है। मुझे ये लगता है कि इस समय इस स्तर पर रटने पर ही कक्षाओं में ज़ोर दिया जाता है न कि उनके तार्किक ज्ञान पर। हमें आज आवश्यकता है कि उनका व्यावहारिक ज्ञान भी बढ़ाया जाय और इसके लिए आवश्यकता है कि इस स्तर पर प्रयोगसाला और पुस्तकालयों की भी स्थापना भी स्कूलों में की जाय।
गिरिजा शंकर
(B.Ed., M.Sc., M.Tech.)
ग्रा.- जफरपुर
पो.-सुरहुरपुर
जिला-अंबेडकरनगर
पिन -224159
उत्तर प्रदेश

0 0 Sir.. I have seen many little students very early dressed in their school uniform waiting for their school buses. please make the school timing at prime time throughout the year i.e. 9 AM to 3 PM. This will help the student to utilise the bee hours for revision as well as help our mothers & sisters for their preparation regarding the everyday school's life.

0 0 E- office is best initiative taken by the GOI, This has reduced the load on paper work and files.
working mothers can be made to work from home on the receipts on days when they are tied between leaving her child alone at home and going to office.
Many government building still don't have creche facility and even if they have seats are not available. eg in Shastri bhawan the quality and the facility in creche is not good.

0 0 sir
me gujrat su hu, yaha ki school har sal fees bahut badha diya he, aur school beg ki books ka waghite bahote sari he, manniy court ke maximum weight limit se jyada he,to aap apni bat me ye nirdesh jarur kare,bacho ko back pain ho jata he,

0 0 My daughter Aastha Semwal studying in Devbhumi Public School, Srinagar Garhwal in 5th Standard and wishing you all the best for forthcoming state election such as Uttarakhand as well..... and requesting to kindly display her enclosed photo during your Mann Ki Baat to boost the her morale as exam is coming ahead for which we shall be grateful for your blessings...... With kind regards, Jagat Ram Semwal, Daughter of Aastha Semwal,Devbhumi Public School, Srinagar Garhwal Uttarakhand, 9759700129

0 0 My daughter Aastha Semwal studying in Devbhumi Public School, Srinagar Garhwal in 5th Standard and wishing you all the best for forthcoming state election such as Uttarakhand as well..... and requesting to kindly display her enclosed photo during your Mann Ki Baat to boost the her morale as exam is coming ahead for which we shall be grateful for your blessings...... With kind regards, Jagat Ram Semwal, Daughter of Aastha Semwal,Devbhumi Public School, Srinagar Garhwal Uttarakhand, 9759700129

1 0 My sister got AIR 716 in Aipmt2015 and secured admission in BYL Nair Hospital, Mumbai. Her friend who got AIR~1000 couldn't get admission due to lack of seats. However a 'reserved category' candidate (not economically backward) whose marks are worse than an AIR10000 student and whose basic concepts of biology are also not clear secured admission easily. Is this fair? What kind of doctor is he gonna be? Aren't you compromising health of citizens? Does 51% caste based reservation make any sense?

0 0 Must talk topics-
1. Government schools quality- if all high level bureaucrats are made to send their wards in KV and central school then their quality will automatically get better.
2. Traffic control- if the public transport is made cheaper and easily available and people are made aware of it, taking measures on the zone specific traffic like- gurgaon to delhi, Dhaulakuan, Noid, foreign dignitaries are stuck because of poor implementation of traffic rules.

0 0 Dear PM
      1. Evaluation should bring out overall personality development of a child.
      2. Promoting to next grade should not be decided by just one days performance in the examination hall.
      3. Evalution should be continous and be decided basing on the performance of the child's activities during the whloe academic year.
      4. The activites, which are giving to the children are in a way that they should be helpfull to develop the child's overall personality develepment

0 0 Dear Sir,
I have few suggestions and concerns w.r.t to education system.
1. Schooling should start only after age of 5, focusing on health, self defence and moral values.
2. There should be only one Board for all schools " one country one school".
3. Nursery,UKG, LKG etc should be scraped.
4. school should not be allowed to take original birth certificate.
5. Fees, book, uniform should be one for all govt schools.
6. Teachers should be well payed so they can focus on education.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री सर आपसे एक निवेदन है की आप मेरे इस बात पर जरूर धयान देंगे सर मेरा ये कहना है की सर अभी भी बहुत से ऐसे गांव है जंहा पे स्कूल नही है लेकिन उस गांव में बहुत से ऐसे नौजवान है जो पढ़ कर भी बेरोजगार है तो सर क्यों नहीं ऐसे नौजवान को प्रोत्साहित किया जाय और गांव में भी उसी नवजवान के द्वारा स्कूल का संचालन हो इससे दो फायदे होंगे पहला की गांव को स्कूल मिलेगा और बेरोजगार को रोजगार आशा करते है की आप इस बात पे जरूर धयान देंगे
मुकेश कुमार कश्यप
पिपरा सुपौल बिहार
8603547347

1 0 छोटे बच्चो का क़िताबो का बोझ घटाने के लिए स्कुल में प्रत्येक बच्चे के लिए एक - एक सेट अतिरिक्त रखा जाये , ताकि बच्चे केवल नॉट बुक ही लेकर स्कुल आएंगे एवं बोझ  भी कम हो जायेगा | छोटे बच्चो का स्कुल टाइम प्रात: नो बजे के बाद का रखना चाहिए , बचपन की शुरुआत में ही तनाव देना ठीक नहीं है |

0 0 Dear Sir,
After 12th standard students are facing so many problems to get interested field to study.The self financing institutions are killing the students and parents in so many way so request you to make concrete law for higher studies in Govt,Semi Govt and private institution in all means. This is  what your best new year gift to Students and Parents.
Thank you,
I remain.

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister!
It is not outcome based education the youth needed but it is value and ethical based education.   What I strongly believe is that one subject ought to be introduced on value-ethical based along with an hour a week for sports and an hour for arts where the student experiences the joy of hardworking, creative thinking and learns winning strategies and implements in his own life. and the above said subject shapes his overall attitude which  develops a dreamed nation.

0 0 Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful

1 0 Respected sir,
   I am in the final year of my graduation and want to pursue LLB after it; so I could help in building a crime free India. But there is a problem cause I belong to a middle class family and the college is nearly 25-26 km far away from my village. I can't go there regularly,not because it is too far but because it s not safe.Tell me what should I do?
And my parents aren't allowing me to take Education Loan(they think it's waste of money) but in my Marriage they surely would.

1 0 Sir mai school ki fees ke bare bat kerna. Chata hu  sir ganvo mai parivte English medium school  fess jyda vasulte h ye sansd ke nymo ko nhi mante iske lya sir ek websid bano aur gargens ko kho k fess is medium se jama karya aur pertya student k fees k monitring  center goverment ker thank u

0 0 its all about passion that drives you to hard in exam keep up that passion and the optimistic stay cool, focus on your objectives and give your best
During the Written Exam:
 Read carefully, work quickly, and follow instructions. Do not assume you know what is wanted, read each question carefully.
Pace yourself if you are having trouble answering a question, skip to the next question.
There is no penalty for guessing; remember, your first impression is usually correct
If you finish early

0 0 Respected PrimeMinister
Sir if any tax payer give money to father and or mother for their personal expenses up to Rs. 5000/per month then please exempt this amount from income tax. This will increase family happiness
thanking You

0 0 Sir namste  mai aap se gram panchyat ke bare me bat kern chata hu  aajadi ke 68 sal bad b ganvo ki tasver nahi badi h  iska important karn   ek to sir isme serpancho ki mukya bumika rhi h  sir hota yha h ki  ek gram panchyat 3_4 ganvo se milker banti h jisse unki population jis ganv k adik ho sarpanch usi ganv ka banta h jisse  sarpanch jis gav ka banta usei ganv(village) ka vikas kerta h  kyoki y useka kud ka gav h aur dusre village undeveloped  rha jate  to sir is problem per ka smadan kre

0 0 बोर्ड की परीक्षाओ के दौरान बड़े कस्बो एवं शहरो में  बच्चो का स्कुल बदल दिया जाता है , जिससे बच्चो एवं अभिभावकों को परेशानी आती है | इसकी बजाय वंहा के स्टाफ को ही दूसरे स्कुल में भेज दिया जाये तो ठीक रहेगा | बीस -पचीस का स्टाफ परेशान होगा लेकिन हजार बच्चे एवं अभिभावक परेशानी से बचेंगे |

0 0 for board exam & also banking exam suggestions

0 0 Res Sir,
This is regarding JEE advance exam. I followed your office and HRD office for providing ladies quota for admissions in Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) through JEE advance exam.
Just few days back we come to know that there will be 20% reservation for the ladies for the admissions in IIT. Thank you. However, this year it will be implemented in IIT Delhi only. I request you to provide ladies quota from this year only in all IITs for the betterment of girls as it was long due.

0 0 1. Eat healthy food,maintain regular timings for studies & meals.
2. Take frequent breaks in studies to avoid saturation of brain.
3. Revise all the syllabus studied.
4. List the “must read points” per subject which should be covered “one day before exam”.
5. Avoid habit of reading till the last moment before exam.

0 0 For CBSE exam of class 10, there are three sets of questions for each exam with varying index of difficulty. The set of question a student gets is based on luck. This has to be changed into uniform set. Will it not be wise to have a uniform syllabus throughout India giving every child an opportunity to learn the same content
Education should better be under the purview of government alone and teachers be recruited through competitive exams as they aare moulding the pillars of this country

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
sir I am a Private teacher. In my opinion . agar hum student ko piratical shikha dea saktea to acha hota. like if we want to measure a cube then only we calculate it mathematically but we did not measure it piratically therefor students are forgot it in the exam. In history we only Reade past things which we never seen but if we seen this we rememberer it. how to seen ? we seen it as a movie or like a serial in the class room. as a result student a more attactive

0 0 Every one has his duty to perform including the students.For just a minimum persons who is going to participate in the Jallikattu, may have the right to agitate, since they are affected but that too not at present, since of the Supreme Court judgement.You better concentrate on your study since it is your future and not the Jallikattu. I am one among who affected by the hindi agitation during my college studies and I have failed in P.U.C.exam.If I have passed my future may have been changed more

0 0 In the Process to making AAY Ration Card there are huge number of error observed by me and reported to me as well. I would requested to scrutinise this database of the AAY Ration Card and others and create this AAY Ration Card list again of the actual pupil under Food Securities Act.

0 0 Respected PM
We all are thankful to you that you have taken this topic of discussion in "Man ki Baat".I have a humble request to you more & more attentions should be given on the grass root level of education.At present scenario the students don't have enough basic knowledge about the practical fields of life,all the students are just running in race,no one is worried about the knowledge,they all are only running for win,that's it.
Make aware the school education about the concepts of study

0 0 My observation is on Food distribution system under Food Securities Act of Government of India in our state West Bengal, North 24 Parganas is worst. Maximum number of Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) Ration Card holders are not poor as they pretend to be. The quality of food is very poor, so they are using this food for their pets, as they are not in (BPL).AAY Ration Card provided to this group of People by the Political influence because they will cast vote and provide advantages to the ruling party

0 0 Dear Sir,
You are doing a great job.But lets talk about the youngsters.Today's youth are getting distracted and we are terrorizing ourselves.The number of crimes are actually increasing.Sir ,I request you to take certain steps for the betterment of our nation by focusing on youths.Today's Youth must not only be educated by formal Education but also by Moral education.I think the Books written by Shree Swami Vivekananda must be distributed in Educational institutes for INDIA's betterment.

0 0 1. Students should not take stress about the exam and should do meditation 2 to 3 times a day to relax mind. This will also help to improve their graspping power.
2. Regular study throughout the year helps them to achieve good percentile in exam. They should understand the subject instead of just memorizing it.
3. They should take light food, drink plenty of water and also do other activities like playing, gossiping, watiching TV etc. apart from study to relax mind.

0 0 Saurabh Haridwar
sir, 1. mera aapse anurodh hai ki jo log goverment job se retire hue hai vo dobara contract labour mein kaam naa kare isse naye logo ko job nahi mil paa rahi hai.
2. contract labour ki salary bhi badhani chahiye taki vo bhi apne baccho ko acche school mein padha sake 7000 mein kya vo khayega or kya vo apne baccho ko padhyega sari salary to uski rent mein hi chali jaati hai. ye 2 points logo ke jeevan se jude hain

1 0 जो विद्यार्थी परीक्षा में बैठने वाले है , उनको निम्लिखित बातो का ध्यान रखना चाहिए
१. अति  आत्म विश्वासः न करे ,
२. जीवन सिर्फ इक परीक्षा पर शुरू और ख़तम नहीं होती
३. विषय को समझने की कोशिश करे नाकि रटने की
४. अपने अंदर आत्म विश्वाश जगाने के लिए जो याद किया उसे लिख कर अभ्यास करे
५. मन को शांत रखे
६. अच्छी नींद ले
७. शारीरिक व्ययाम को नियमित रूप से करे
८. योग और ध्यान का नियमित अभ्यास करे
९. कोई समस्या है तो अपने माता पिता भाई या दोस्त से बात करे

0 0 1.In the present CBSE exam system of class 10, there are three sets
of questions for each exam with varying index of difficulty. The set of questions  a student gets is based on luck. This has to be changed into uniform set.
2.Will it not be wise to have an uniform syllabus throughout India giving every child will have an opportunity to learn the same content and compete equally.
3.Education should be under the purview of government and private schools mushrooming should be curtailed.

1 0 Pradhan Mantri ji ko hamaara Namashkaar, Mera yeh aap se vinti hai ki Shiksha ko competetion ka bazar na banaaya jaaye balki Gyan ka Bhandaar banaya jaaye. Bacchon ko exams men ananad mehssos hona chahiye naa ki ghabraahat. Shiksha Vyastha aisi banaayi jaaye ki Vidyarthi school jaane ke liye betaab ho. Fees adhik naa ho, Donation ka sanskaar samaapt ho, tutions classes band ho. Teachers qualified ho jo acchhi shiksha de paayen jinpar Students Garva kar sake aur exams dene mein unhe anand aaye.

1 0 Respected PM Sri. Narendra Modiji,
Kindly tell students that exams are not so important. Children should learn in a very peaceful manner. All these exams are bringing stress in the minds of children. We have reached a situation where children are focusing only exam not on improving the knowledge. We have hear lot of children/students commit suicides because of failed in the exams.
Exams are not important for child. We need to change the old British way of dealing every thing.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
   We know the sunlight scatters in all the directions. The scattered light cannot burn a piece of paper. But the same light when we made it pass through a convex lens, it burns a piece of paper. Because the total energy of light is converged at a point. The student should focus on academics.
  A cow has a good quality called rumination. The student should recall the academic content all the time except while sleeping.
  perseverance is the secret of success.

0 0 Respected Modiji,
Project given by school need to be completed in schools only and school want it to get done at home .  It lost children's play time. There should be a Sports school from std I like koria, Japan and china to have a healthy generation of India.

0 0 I am delighted that our beloved Prime Minister, who is thinking 24 X 7 about all of us in the country has chosen examination about children very aptly and timely.  Sir, examination/competition creates discrimination among children.  Every children is unique and our present exam system does not follow a pattern to identify the uniqueness of each child.  Hence my suggestion is to please follow a process where we can be able to identify those potentials with each individual and feel proud. Biren

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
Mera aapse anurodh h ki aap rajsthan govt. Se bat kre jis prkar aapne bank me babu k liye interview htaya tha waise hi ye minimum 40% wale rule ko hta nhi skte to kam se kam backward class ko 5% ki chhut to honi chahiye.Ye aap hi kr skte h kyuki abhi tak jo aapne kiya h wo kisi ne nhi kiya.. mai aasha krta hu ki aap ham berojgaro ki madad krenge ..thankyou so much

0 0 First we should focus on education system which is completely british , this system focused on Degree not for education , so this would create the tension for student and their parents .  the education system should be such " which not disturb parents "   mind please no scientist in the world can focused on all subject ..........  so first we should focused on system

0 0 Being a Parent I want to share my problem. For student of Std. IV to VIII schools assigns many projects which students can not complete of their own. Some topics are so hard and students can not complete it and parents has to complete the  whole things.  Being a working parents it's difficult to arrange time in working days.  School also expect projects to be done with attractive presentation along with quality contain. Please give surprise visit and see whether students can do project alone.

0 0 Private owned schools force parents to buy uniform, books and stationary from school itself that on Maximum Retail Price (MRP). Its not a hidden fact but still no action from government has been taken. Also, all private schools are free to decide fees amounts, annual charges etc. Is it allowed under some law of government of India?? Schools have published that each pupil has to pay fees under this law but what about deciding fees amounts???

0 0 Dear PM Sir
I m from rajsthan sir rajsthan mai abhi ldc ki bharti hui jisme rpsc ne ek aisa niyam bna rkha h ki 60% wala fail h or 40% wala pass sir unke anusar ldc me 2 paper h or dono me 40% lana compulsory h sir hmare yanha 10% lane wala ek govt. Teacher ban jata h lekin 36% wala ek babu   nhi ban skta sir please is mudde pe dhyan dijiye ham yuwa warg ye soch bjp ko vote diye the hmare sath nyay hoga lekin sir ye hmare sath khilwad ho rha h...teacher k liye koi minimum nhi

0 0 Before making entrance exams such as NEET/JEE mandatory, please ensure that all state board curriculums and syllabuses have been upgraded.
This will remove the anxiety of thousands of aspiring students studying in state board schools, as the students will not have to join any extra classes or private coaching centres to prepare for the examinations.

0 0 up to 3 standard maximum subject regarding nation love, good manners , duty to the nation, duty to the society.

0 0 Dear All,
Exam time is the best time of education, To most of the students Firstly I Congratulate and wish them All the Best In Advance,
Just like our Gurukul Culture I would first advice students to avoid oily & Heavy foods which will slow down digestive system, Remember if the digestive system is under load the brain will concentrate more on digestive system, Have Plenty of water to have proper ionic and free blood flow, this helps you in memorising
Secondly Avoid late night studies.

0 0 Government Schools all over India needs dedicated attention and focus. Central schools owned by government have better facilities than other government schools due to reason that government employees children get education but what about general public of country because of whom government is there. Education in society will transform our society and way of living.

0 0 In developed countries like USA and UK, they conduct common test for all students those who clear either 10th/12th standard, if they clear the exam, they can join with the universities they like most irrespective of their basis studies, for example a commerce student can study science/engineering course, similarly a science student can study any commerce, cost accounting,company secretary and LAW courses, but it is not a case in India, why don't we think of that sort and implement in India.

0 0 Sir,I am very happy because sir I never seen like our priminister and lthink now our country more progress and developed.I thanked from my heart to our priminister.

0 0 To release our youth of stress of exams Syllabus should made more flexible and multi choice questions should be there like do any 10 questions out of 20.

0 0 The present education system lack civic sense and character building. Syllabus up to VIII standard contain tough study material. Which confuse students as to for what they are getting this education. Education should relate to knowledge which we need in our day to  day routine life and not like that we want to be specialized in all fields. Then a Cardiologist will not be a cardiologist rather he will not be able to treat cardiac patients nor ortho patients. Our educated youth violate rules.

0 0 Sir, Somewhere our schools are losing the ability to motivate the children for education and preps for the exams. especially the Board exams. Result is a phobia for the Boards amongst the students. I suggest that curriculums for Std X and XII should be amended to have more participation of school in Board exam preparation, guidance, encouragment, which will be part of Board exam internal marks also. This way Students would be motivated and we also reduce the cases of depressive incidents.

0 0 Sir, Please ask the students not to take tension. Our teachers used to say ""Exams are not Kumbh Ka Mela Jo 12 Saal me ek Baar Aayega"", it will come on every year. If something wrong happens this year; don't worry give it (exam) next year. There is nothing great will happen if you loose one year in life. Life it beautiful enjoy it. Don't worry about exams. Do your work and don't take tension of result. God will do justice with every body.

1 0 Students appearing academic exams should think that they are only answering questions as per their course curriculum and not taking exams for the very good values which they have.Always errors/failures are part of real life and these can be solved by your real good qualities that you have built up within you during your young/childhood period.So parent should not be very much worried academic failure of their children, rather they should always give more emphasis on developing noble values

0 0 Exams are meant to test the overall development of a person. But it is never a measure to actually see the true potential, rather it is just a measure for how can one react in the situation when you know something and you can do it or not, which is again dependent on the situation and hence it is just a common perspective. The overall development is a personal task and hence it does not need to be shown off for just the world but it should be done to gain knowledge, rest of things will follow.

0 0 Students who have been preparing for the exam through out the year will have to increase their effort during this last phase of the academic year.Success will be theirs.Students who have NOT prepared for their exams so far and have wasted their precious time through out the year,such students should understand that it is still NOT too late.There is a Proverb in English "If you TRY you might, but if you DON'T you won't".Take up tough subjects first and do better time management.Its still not too

0 0 for students -
"Once you entered the exam hall, take a long breath and relax.  When you get the paper in your hand don't be panic.  Read all the paper first and start writing whichever question you can answer quickly and once you settled down after writing the answer of first question you selected, then automatically you will get a spirit to write/solve all the remaining paper.  All the very Best."
Thank you Sir for sharing with you.
Rekha Vaidya

0 0 Time management is one of the major factor in Examinations. Students should understand on how to manage time properly. For this, the teachers should guide them from the beginning of the year. Teachers should show them what kind of questions they have to write first how much time they have to spend for that and how to write precisely and clearly. They have to students in Time management. Attached are few more tips for students from my view point.

1 0 sir,preparation for exam is a continuous process not just a time being exercise, hence it should be  adopted by students that repeat your learning of the day in evening every day without failure, it will build up confidence and clarity in all text and basic concept.

0 0 very recently i tried to apply for a job in Indian postal systems,it takes me to a foreign job portal and it is paid website wherein i have to pay money to register, i wonder how the Indian government jobs are open to foreign job web-portals, even though i tried to register with web-portal for Indian Postal service, i couldnot.kindly help me out sir.

0 0 TO ENCOURAGE CASHLESS IN INDIA --- it is suggested that withdrwal from banks (more than Rs 5000) should have trasection fees While no transection fees for using credit or debit card . This change will compensate banks , decrease their workload & encouage cashless .

0 0 Hello Sir, I will take this opportunity to share the thoughts of medical students, as I have been a part of it and now, though I have crossed all those entrance exams and working as a Doctor in Kolhapur city, I always wonder, that how can a 90 or 120 minutes' exam, with 200 or 300 multiple choice questions (MCQs), which are based on 4.5 years of 14 subjects syllabus, judge a Medical student's capability if they are eligible for further studies? Infact,India needs more and more specialist Doctors

1 0 In developed countries like USA and UK, they conduct common test for all students those who clear either 10th/12th standard, if they clear the exam, they can join with the universities they like most irrespective of their basis studies, for example a commerce student can study science/engineering course, similarly a science student can study any commerce, cost accounting,company secretary and LAW courses, but it is not a case in India, why don't we think of that sort and implement in India.

1 0 Dear All,
Exam time is the best time of education, To most of the students Firstly I Congratulate and wish them All the Best In Advance,
Just like our Gurukul Culture I would first advice students to avoid oily & Heavy foods which will slow down digestive system, Remember if the digestive system is under load the brain will concentrate more on digestive system, Have Plenty of water to have proper ionic and free blood flow, this helps you in memorising
Secondly Avoid late night studies.

1 0 Being a PhD student I am really eager to work for various schemes of the govt. thus helping the admin in the development of my country. Yes, I am talking about the live projects that we should get as a part of our higher education. So, as a reform to the Indian education system, MHRD should incorporate a mandatory 2-3 months exposure to Govt. live projects for Masters, M.Phil and PhD students thus tapping our own resource potential in the areas of engineering, finance, architecture etc.

0 0 There have lack of cordination in government orgnisation with huge band gap such as UGC MHRD  and scintifice institutes ie.If I cleare GATE exam for PHD admission with Top rank will not eligible for getting admision in central universities because UGC have no meaning of gate score however I can get admission in TOP IITs or Institues. PHD student in  uni have a lot teaching experinces to graduate during PHD as per UGC norm but BEd are still compuslry to teach at twelth standered

0 0 Respected Sir,
This is regarding JEE advance exam. I tried to follow your office and HRD offices for providing ladies quota for admissions in Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) through JEE advance exam.
Just few days back we come to know that there will be 20% reservation for the ladies for the admissions in IIT. However, this year this will be implemented in IIT Delhi only. I request you to provide this ladies quota from this year only in all IITs for the betterment of girls.

0 0 in developed countries like USA and UK, they follow uniform educational system throughout their country, but in India it is not a case sir, why don't we have same or uniform educational system in our country as well, that will streamline the entire educational system in India sir.

0 0 Examination is not merely an evaluation process but it is an integrated part of complete learning process. It has great responsibility of building such value system among students so that they be instrumental in building a good working environment and great society wherever they go.
Being unethical and using unfair means in examination doesn't help students in any way in long run. It has very high cost when we consider the kind of society these unethical practices lead to.

0 0 Our education system has lost morality. A person with highly educated dont have common knowledge of life. This leads more sucides and mind diversion towards terrorisms etc., when they face difficult situation like exam fail, unemployment others. Basically I have 3 suggestiosn:
1. Make our ancient education system "64 vidyas" compulsory with "guru - shishya" method
2. Teachers shall be highly paid and competative. Give KPI's to them based on result with equally rewards.
3. Women empowerment

0 0 I am the one who had faced all the possible hurdles in the process of learning from my preschool to  post graduation, so I feel that I am the right person to explore the problems of a common citizen in the field of education I feel.
According to me the present education system is not equitable and sustainable for long term result oriented solution.
Two things which are fundamental for every human to sustain and survive in this present global scenario are GOOD Health and GOOD education.

0 0 Sir, You have inspired everyone with your high levels of energy and commitment towards work. During the EXAMS, a lot of students have to put in extra efforts by studying the entire day and night with a minimum sleeping period. This leads them to STRESS. I request you to kindly share your Daily YOGA Regime and DIET Plan with the students so that may also learn to keep their MOTIVATION levels high by having ENERGY to do so.
#PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 Sir, You have inspired everyone with your high levels of energy and commitment towards work. During the EXAMS, a lot of students have to put in extra efforts by studying the entire day and night with a minimum sleeping period. This leads them to STRESS. I request you to kindly share your Daily YOGA Regime and DIET Plan with the students so that may also learn to keep their MOTIVATION levels high by having ENERGY to do so.
#PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 Sir, You have inspired everyone with your high levels of energy and commitment towards work. During the EXAMS, a lot of students have to put in extra efforts by studying the entire day and night with a minimum sleeping period. This leads them to STRESS.
I request you to kindly share your Daily YOGA Regime and DIET Plan with the students so that may also learn to keep their MOTIVATION levels high by having ENERGY to do so.
This shall be really helpful for the students preparing for Exams.

0 0 Sir,my few inputs for your consideration.
1)Our children's are intelligence future of India.Boost learn from more on practical than just reading theory and writing exams to compete between them.
2)There should be single study curriculum across India to promote,experience and compare.
3)Only student's academic & experience merit's should be considered to bring brighter India.
4)Education is our important need for India's future, hence bold steps required on Fees & Quota system.

0 0 Sir, You have inspired everyone with your high levels of energy and commitment towards work. During the EXAMS, a lot of students have to put in extra efforts by studying the entire day and night with a minimum sleeping period. This leads them to STRESS.
I request you to kindly share your Daily YOGA Regime and DIET Plan with the students so that may also learn to keep their MOTIVATION levels high by having ENERGY to do so.
This shall be really helpful for the students preparing for Exams.

1 0 In my views
- Think smart and write smartly
- keeping track of your speed and accuracy
- Take help from Mock tests and Model Papers not Keys and Guides
- try to relate topics to your daily work and happenings and do not use "Ruttafication" at
  the end moment otherwise all will vanish from your mind.
- Use meditation before exam it will help to relax your mind and revision.

0 0 We should Republic and Independence  day by giving homage to our great leaders who fought for our freedom. But in these years it’s becoming a ‘mere celebration’ like any other parties. National, State and local Govt. offices, post offices and banks are closed on this day .

0 0 Sir, provide Medical assistance with fully equipped Medical Van or Ambulance on the Examination Center. Secondly Teachers & Parents Association Members committee  must be on the Examination Center during the Exam to provide assistance to the needy Student(S). Thanks a Lot
JyotirAaditya Singha, Kaushambi, Ghaziabad

0 0 Sir, provide Medical assistance with fully equipped Medical Van or Ambulance on the Examination Center. Secondly Teachers & Parents Association Members committee  must be on the Examination Center during the Exam to provide assistance to the needy Student(S). Thanks a Lot
JyotirAaditya Singha, Kaushambi, Ghaziabad

0 0 All the best,those who appearing the exams.First of all,don't fear while writing the exam.If you get fear,you vl forget abt what you muggedup.Most of the students,now a days,is mugging the portion,what will come for exam and studying the repeated questions in the exams to pass& go to next level.but as per my knowledge it is waste by giving hard work for study, because,Im topper in my class,due to fearness,i didn't get right position.Be courage and thick practical, you will get good position

0 0 large number of students who study hard, but do not qualify for jobs because they do not have   any industry knowledge.  professional college student have strong alumuni network and  information informally. Similar exercise government can do. all non sensitive govt department procedure can be posted on the internet so student can study and get better job opportunity.

1 0 agr apko lgta h sir wo log(sc,st,obc) backward h to koi bt nhi sir ap unki help kro sir unko padhne ke liye paise do, unke liye free education do jo bhi lgta h apko ki ek ache citizen bnne ke liye jruri h wo ap do sir but sir ek talented student ke jagah pe ap st,sc,obc dekhoge sir to ap her ek election jrur jitoge sir per kabhi ek ache innovative india ka nirman nhi kr paoge sir that's my challenge to you sir if you have done this then this is my commitment that india become powerful for years.

1 0 kya desh hai mera yahan car loan milta hai 6% intrest pe aur education loan milta hai 11% intrest pe

0 0 #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov
-Never do tomorrow what you can do today procrastination its a thif and time.
-Push your self because , no one else is going to do it for you.
-the secrate to getting ahhed is getting started.
-When you’re struggling to motivate yourself to study, the key thing is to think about your long-term goal.

0 0 Students of this generation are advanced and are improving with each dynamics. They know and they can do and achieve their goals. But for this to happen there should be a proper guide to channelize their immense energies, into a valid path. To advice something now at this moment before exams is, just focus and be happy for your preparation and show your skills effortlessly.

1 0 sir mai apse janna chahta ki kya lgta h apko sir ki general by birth talented hote h sir.uske bd bhi agr 110 vacancies nikle to usme sir apko reservation chahiye 50 pe and also after that they come out to general category. if you don't do this koi bt nhi sir then I must say sir ki ap kaise bharat ka nirman krna chahte ho sir agr apko 110 marks lane wale ke bjaye 38 marks wala better lgta h sir to bhi sir apko ye khne ka koi hak nhi h that you are PM of INDIA.

1 0 sir as a student mai yahi khan chahunga ki jo slection ka tarika h any gov exam ka wo change kro sir ap.mujhe aisa lgta h sir ki chahe wo servicemen ka son ya na ho sir if he have an ambitious dream to become an indian army officer or anything then no any restriction can affect him such that ifany servicemen's son exam deta h to uska slection(for eg. army me or any sec me kafi kum marks pe bhi uska slection ho jata h) 15% pe bhi ho jata h or general ka 50-55% pe hota h sir.

1 0 Some things that need to be addressed:
1)	Talent Identification of children’s: No exams till 8yrs, all focus on identifying the talent
2)	Opportunity for the deserving students
3)	Improving Classroom environment
4)	Syllabus focusing more on practicability & applied knowledge
5)	Rewards for Teachers & training’s
6)	Free primary education
7)	Eliminate Child labor
8)	Abolishing Donation & schools compulsion to buy study material
Deservation shall held precedence over reservations.

1 0 "We are what our thoughts have made us , so take care about what you think.words are secondary ,thoughts live .They travel far."Swami Vivekananda.
This should be our outlook. Today's generation speak before they think,act before thinking about the consequence . It is very important to be patient in life. Patience is a virtue. For examination as well it should be kept in mind that we should not be in a hurry to finish our exam. Read,think and then it will automatically done .

0 0 चाहे विद्यालय में विद्यार्थी कम हि क्योन हो . कृपया इसपर कोई संशोधन हो.

0 0 ग्रंथालय एक ऐसा मध्यम है कि हमारे देश कि आगे आनेवाली पिढी को अच्छी मानिसिकता दे सकता है अब तक भारत कि सभी राज्यो मे ५ वी से १२ वी तक के विद्यार्थीयोन्को ग्रंथालय सेवा केवल विद्यार्थीयोन्की संख्या काम होने के कारण नाही मील पा जाही है जाब कि उसी विद्यार्थी दशा मे उसके बुद्धी का विकास होता है.हम ग्रंथालायो के मंध्याम से उस सोच को बदल सकते है अगर सभी राज्यो के  विद्यालय और महाविद्यालय में ग्रंथालय उपलब्ध हो. ग्रंथालय सभी विद्यार्थियो को मिलना चाहिये चाहे विद्याल

0 0 Sir, Please find the attached file.

0 0 Sir Happy Republic Day. sir as per your topic on preparation of youngsters before exams
1.har din ek student ko kuch na kuch padhna chahea on their study subject.So that before exam the student not woried about the upcoming exam.
2.At the time of exam a student should not be study for late night.in this case they have to study at morning from 4 AM,in this case they can capture more things that of late night study.Student have to concentration for 10minit for strong mind if thr mind week.

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
Few comments from my side:
1.	One very important thing for exam preparation is that students should learn to enjoy the process of exams and their purpose.  Exams are just not meant to test the knowledge but mental strength of a person.  Can he tolerate the stress of exams.  Those who can tolerate exam stress can tolerate other stresses of life in future.  So purpose of exams is also to create a strong person going forward.
2.	Second, parents should explain the chi

0 0 Respected Sir, With my simple knowledge, I like pen down my views on reforms required on our education system

0 0 An exam or examination is an official test that shows one knowledge or ability in a particular subject. Exam is the word most commonly since the day one of our childhood step when someone enter inside the knowledge village, since we all are in world where the things are done instantly , accordingly our judging & examine  of person need to be in aadvance

1 0 Modi ji it's my humble request to you that give desired death to general category because inspite of getting 80 marks of 100 in a competition we are still sitting at home on other side securing 50 marks are on job , konsa justice hai ye , kyo in rajnetao ne is Desh ko hamare jaise logo ke liye disgusting Bana diya h ,aap ye situation nahi samjhoge jab samjhoge what we are suffering.

0 1 Don't Give Up
1. Give yourself enough time to study
2. Organize your study space
3. Use flow charts and diagrams
4. Practice on old exams
5. Explain your answers to others
6. Organize study groups with friends
7. Take regular breaks
8. Snack on 'brain food'
9. Plan your exam day
10. Drink plenty of water
This TEN Points Give up Students!

0 0 All social program like marriage,functions, religious 'jagrate',loud speaker sounds from temples etc worship places,polital/apolitical,may pl. exercise restraint these days,thus contributing to the cause of our children, leaders of all fields tomorrow.Trs,parents & all may cooperate generously setting example wt minding monetary gains, just like 1st citizen,Dr Rajendra Pd set depositing back his salary saying his allowances sufficed. Such examples to be limelighted.

0 1 yongsters should do meditation every day becuase meditation helps the mind to be calm and still. It lets the students learn quickly and easily . Its true and it really worked beacuse from where the the physical science ends from there the spritual science starts...!!!

0 1 Dear Friend,, At the very outset I would like to introduce my self as a Volunteer and social worker for Helpless minority Chakma children in mizoram to give free and compulsory with quality education to give light of education. To eradicate illiteracy and poverty among the Chakma community in mizoram we have established a NGO name as “ THE ULTIMATE TRUTH PREACHING MISSION and by which we have established AHIMSA SCHOOL is a school for underprivileged indigenous minority chakma children at Tuichaw

1 0 We have to create environment in india that one exam is not decide our career if failure occur. Failure handling is most important elements not tackle in school college. so exam are one way for getting things so its not final way so dont decide suicide or any bad decision on one exam failure.

0 0 Some relevant points
What if our educational system focused on opening minds instead of filling minds and testing how full they are? (Found this question on the net)
What if we realized the best way to standardize a highly effective educational system is not by standardizing our tests but by standardizing our schools. In order to nurture democracy, school must become “a genuine form of active community life, instead of a place set apart in which to learn lessons” (John Dewey)

1 0 तुलना से सीखा हुआ हमारे दिमाग में सदा रहता है, विद्यार्थियों को ऐसे ही अन्य तरीकों से सिखाया जा सकता है, मुख्य प्रवेश  परीक्षा आज छोटे छोटे प्रश्नों से ली जाती है, तो वार्षिक परीक्षा क्यों नहीं? जैसे चार में से एक ही उत्तर सही है, आज स्नातक की वार्षिक परीक्षा भी 15% तक का केवल एक प्रश्न, इस का कोई भी अर्थ आज के दिन विद्यार्थी को आंकने में स्थान नहीं है, तीन घंटे की परीक्षा का कोई मतलब नहीं है, जब जिस की तयारी हो सीधे बोर्ड में जा कर पेपर दे आओ,इससे विधायर्थिनों की भी पढने और सीखने में रूचि बढ़ेगी

0 0 Before exam period in schools or community need to organize stress management workshop and seminar so that will help to make child stressfree during exam.

0 0 I would humbly request the PM to share his views on the intent and the likely outcome of the bold and mammoth step that he he took on demonetisation. The media debates and reports on it have created a lot of confusion among the people. I would also request him to let us have a peep into his mind as to what further steps he is contemplating in order to cleanse the Indian economy and Indian polity.

0 0 Encourage use of digital media like learning so it will help to memorize and remember for long time.digital Media for study with audio video are best on last day preparation so it will fast to remember and memorized things. Encourage use of that.

0 0 1.Focus on skill based education
2.Reward creativity, original thinking, research and innovation
3.Get smarter people to teach
4.Implement massive technology infrastructure for education
5.Re-define the purpose of the education system
6.Make reservation irrelevant.
7.One syllabus in All India
8.Cheaper Education but quality base and hand some amount for Teachers.
9.TGT & PGT Teachers should rotate their location every three years.

0 0 Sir Happy Republic Day. sir as per your topic on preparation of youngsters before exams
1.har  din ek student ko kuch na kuch padhna chahea on their study subject.So that before exam the student not woried about the upcoming exam.
2.At the time of exam a student should not be study for late night.in this case they have to study at morning from 4 AM,in this case they can capture more things that of late night study.Student have to concentration for 10minit for strong mind if thr mind week.

0 0 PM Sir the teachers community is proud of you with the way you interact with them and their students nurturing professionalism at all levels. 
I have a submission to make that equality among teachers working at any institution should be respected and promoted.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
During the exams a fear is created in home, which should not be done and homely environment should be comfortable for studies. And, the student should himself/herself feel responsible for his/her exams. And, first of all prepare all formulae which will be most favorable. Then prepare theory and then numericals. This is the best way which I found…

0 0 Sir,
I submit my suggestions as pdf file.
Regards

1 0 Sir,
It will be good to see you caring for students who are appearing in exam. Bravo!! , But what about after exam everyone just going to use there caste power to study which means they are taking a shortcut for lesser study..
Yeah it will better to motivate but only motivate for getting knowledge but also motivate for doing hard work on there capabilities.

3 0 After demonetisation, your gov has the record of amount of money in everyone's account. So now why not shift from caste based reservations to reservations only for economically backward classes. Caste based reservations are a violation to right to equality. While it was started with a good intent, it hasn't worked in upliftment of backward classes and never will. Only you have the courage to speak out against reservations. Reservations will destroy our country one day if they continue.

0 0 Sir
All students of class +1 and +2 must attend school or college daily with minimum of 75% lectures. They should also do practicals in laboratories daily.
Dummy admissions should be stopped at all costs. The schools issuing false certificate of attendance may be  punished heavily. Dummy admissions hinder the personality development of the students and also practical skills.
.                   Prof R.L. AggarwaL

0 0 Sir Please go through the attachment

0 0 WE WISH TO INVITE YOUR KIND ATTENTION TO THE PATHETIC CONDITION OF MORE THAN 50% CITIZENS STAYING IN DELHI UNAUTHORISED COLONIES. COLONY ROADS ARE IN PATHETIC CONDITION.NO SEWERAGE IS PROVIDED AND MCD AND JAL NIGAM IS WASHING OFF THEIR HANDS SAYING THIS DOES NOT COME UNDER US. WHEN MATTER COMES TO TAX COLLECTION EVEN RESIDENTS OF THESE COLONIES ARE PAYING INCOME, EXCISE, VAT, SALES TAX ETC. IT NEEDS YOUR KIND ATTENTION WITH SOME CONCRETE REGULATIONS.

0 0 Ex servicemen may be exempted for local language in banking sector even as per IBPS RRB CWE V Recruitment 2016 notification the candidate does not meet the requirement in local language at the time of selection, he will be given a time of six months from the date of joining to acquire the proficiency. Whereas SBI is not giving date of joining to acquire the proficiency during 2016-17 recruitment.  In 2016-17 SBI has conducted the local language test for ex servicemen of other state.

0 0 DEAR SIR,
INDIA IS DIVIDED ON CASTE, CREEDS, RELIGION, RESERVATION, RICH POOR, MAN WOMEN, AND SO ON.
THERE IS A RACE AMONG POLITICAL PARTIES TO TAX HEAVILY THE RICH AND PROVIDE FREEBEES TO POOR. THIS WILL TAKE THE NATION TO ITS WORST IN THE LONG RUN. THERE IS AN IMMEDIATE NED TO STOP THIS AND DIVERT MONEY FOR FREEBEES TO PROVIDE 24 HOUR POWER, SAFETY AND SECURITY TO PEOPLE AND WOMAN SPECIALLY. HAVING MAJORITY IN LS YOU CAN DO THIS AND REQUEST YOU TO TAKE INITIATIVE IN THIS DIRECTION.

0 0 40% wala reserved sheet doctor,IAS,PCS,etc ban jata hai lakin above 55% wala ko chaprasi  ki nokari nahi milti hai, reservation khatam kar dena chahey

1 0 Sbse pahle  hmare pm ji ko  parnam
Hmare desh me jb koi sainik sahid hota hai to gov ke taraf se kuch paisha mil jata hai aur  usko family ka kya fayda hoga to q na  hum apke nare ke tarah sbka sath sbka vikash aisha karde ki jb koi sainik sahid ho uska koi account  no. Ho ya koi app ho jisase india ke sbhi chote bade log usme kuch apni help kar ske aur uske family ko age badhne me help kare

0 0 Being a Physics teacher in SIR BPTI,Bhavnagar I urge all the students who appear for exam that prepare yourself for better challenge best.keep faith in you......
Don't be a last moment preparer.
God bless you.......

0 0 For students those who appear for board exams should utilize their study holidays  well. By that time they should try to collect all study materials. Students should not depend on one book. They try to search for various books and should prepare their own notes. This will help them to present an unique answer and also help them to know about the topic very deeply.

0 0 While the Government is trying to eliminate black money, it has to put efforts to bring back the Swiss / NRE accounts balances of Indias and Indian corporate world.
2. It has to make India liquor free, smoke free, bar free, pub free and corrupt free.
3. Criminal law has to be revitalised with harsh punishments, quick punishments and with preventive approach.

0 0 Being a Mathematics teacher I would like to say that practice makes all hurdles open. Remember formulae their uses. Better to write them on a paper and learn daily.
And always have a faith on yourself and the God or someone else respectable to you.

1 0 Length of study is not important. Depth of study is important. Depth of study will come from the concentration of study. Instead of late night study it is always better and proven the study in early hours of the day.
It is game of brain activation. Students must sleep early and rise early. In morning they should do at least 15 mints breathing yoga and the followed by Bharmri (activation of brain). Then 5 mints of meditation.
It will help a lot in removing stress and generate confidence.

0 0 ....continue-
Though teachers has said their problems many times to honourable cm and officers of uttarakhand.
Do these things not demoralise a teacher who does his 100℅ efforts on students for making their future bright.
Uttarakhand government should think about these things.
Thank you

0 0 1)supreme court gave decision of equal pay for equal work many times.but uttarakhand government did not giving equal pay for equal work to samvida teachers
2)uttarakhand gov.did not give salary to samvida teachers of polytechnic Srinagar garhwal since Aug2016
3)uttarakhand gov. did regularisation of temporary employees in different departments who were working before 31/12/2011 according to the g.o. of 14/12/2016.but did not regular samvida teachers of polytechnics.
this demoralise teachers.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Students tend to feel pressure before exams. The pressure and lack 0f confidence leads to bad results. This happens because of no proper guidance and preparation. It is believed that we should study regularly. But it is not possible for a child to study hard every day because of the extra homework and projects.
the School and the teachers should ensure that the students prepare for the exams by Conducting regular revisions and small tests. This will help the children a lot

0 0 Dear sir
I think that if all the ward member/public represent are serve their in such a manner that all the children those are belongs to poor family they help them or promote to participate in our education system. Then India will be develop. So I request you to kindly give this duty to the public representative to develop our country. then literacy will be reduce.

1 0 We must study at least 1 -2 hours daily throughout the year any subject with sincere and then enjoy your life with playing and doing masti with friends in a year throughout for better results in board exams it is not like that we play and enjoy whole year and at last month to give boards study whole day and night even without getting out for a few minutes from home . So it is also very important to fresh mind between study by playing or talking with friends and family members .Study daily 1-2 hr

0 0 Study for examination must not be done on last one or two months only but it should be done throughout the year possibly at least for an hour or so. The study should be done preferably in the morning.subjects like mathematics should be done by solving at least four sums daily to get the good result.

0 0 Gyan se jeevan ka uddeshya arjit hoga. Hamesha seekhte raho. Gyan ka upyog swayam, parivar, samaj aur desh ke liye laabhkaari karyon mein lahaayen. Bharat ko swasth, safal banana hai, to apna jeevan bhi swasth, gyanmayi aur safal banana hoga. Desh ki samasyaon ka samna gyan, karm, sachchai aur dradhta ke saath karen, haar nahin maane. Nyay hi dharm hai, satya hai. Desh ki pragati aap ke haath mein hai, aap hi desh ka bhavishya ho. Jai Hind

0 0 IF DO ONLINE APPLICATION WITH PERFECT DOWNLOAD STILL STAFF ASKING FOR MONEY UNDER THE TABLE WHAT TO DO PEOPLE LIKE IN INDIA MANY MANY POLITICIANS NO ONE CAN STOP THE CORRUPTION BECAUSE IT IS COMEING FROM THE YEAR 1947 WHEN INDIA GOT FREEDOM. NO ONE CAN STOP THE CORRUPTION BECAUSE IT HAVE BECOME HABBIT FOR MUNICIPAL PEOPLE OR POLICE DEPARTMENT OR FIRE DEPARTMENT TO TAKE THE MONEY UNDER THE TABLE

0 0 The best way of examination preparation lies in three steps:
1.Regularity- Prepare daily for examination the portion you have been taught.You should make it a habit to read,write and examine yourself daily about the portion you have been taught.
2.Revision-Everyday after coming home revise the portion you have been taught in all subjects one after the other.
3.Practice by writing and solving-This is most important.The more and more you write and practically examine yourself the more you gain.

0 0 SORRY SIR AFTER SO MANY TIME I THOUGHT I WILL MEET YOU AT DELHI FOR 30 MINUTE BUT NO ONE HAS GIVEN ME APPOINTMENT. BUT STILL I AM WIRTING YOU ABOUT CASELESS WHAT PEOPLE OUR FACSEING IN RURAL AREA VILLAGE NO JOB PEOPLE ARE DIEING WITHOUT FOOD NO MONEY BECAUSE YOU HAVE MADE DEMONATION FOR RS. 2000/ - IF PEOPLE GO FOR TAKEING VEGETABLE OR IN HOTEL VADA PAV NO ONE GIVE CHANGE FOR RS. 2000/- AND CORRUPTION IS STILL GOING ON IN NAVI MUMBAI MUNICIPAL CORPORATION. NONE OF STAFF DOING PERFECT JOB

0 0 I have given lots of exam and analysed that student loosen their temper on the exam day due to mental pressure. So I would suggest to take exam hall as their classroom and focus on little scenarios like fan table and other possible objects to feel comfortable. Once you become comfortable and feel easy your mental pressure will gone and you will easily solve the question. This will happen just because your brain prepared for the exam whole year.

0 0 I am studying to get good pay packets... this concept should be erased out. Other than service( govt), there are so many avenues to sustain their families. Yoga should be introduced, for long and healthy life. carrot and stick approach should be there.. cultural education not for degrees or diplomas.There should be some strit policy for the Pvt school, colleges regarding the fees( exceptionally high), Management Quota to be abolished, English subject should be from the very begining..if not for

0 0 Make the learning on continuous mode which will bring down the stress of students. Secondly stop the internal marks so that teachers will not harass students, Thirdly students who does not have attendance and marks for monthly assignments need to take up the class again this will avoid the students to bung the class and becomes serious Introduce practical level training to every course which gives students hands on expertise in the subject.

0 0 Exam. results are some numbers, who cares till to the death? todays exams are only certificates, some % of scoring, so the whole nation is suffering. I think, students and teachers should take seat for their evaluation, students should not sit more than twice in a year. nationwide exam from class viii is compulsory, pass fail system should be introduced, there should be healthy competion, all are equal, uniform, caste system should be abolished, except the financial weaker concepts will be there

0 0 A nationwide counseling programme is a must for during Exam, post Exam and post Result mental status of students and their parents. It is not only for during exams but equally important after exam because result of exam is also depressed many students and some of them can attempt to commit suicide. As a teacher I am trying this on my level. Here is an attachment of my previous year attempt of a workshop on this. I am also created a page on facebook for this, named – BOARD EXAM.

0 0 Dear Sir: Student discipline is crucial. This needs the role of internal policeman, which is the conscience. Always inner policeman is watching us and hence students be told to respect him. And not suppress him.

0 0 Exam is not for students only, it is also for teacher, how well they teach you. So, try hard, you are also appearing for your teachers. If you respect them and heard to their instructions well, you will succeed. Always pray before beginning your study, the Goddess of success will always be at your doorsteps. Do the easy one first, try the harder after that. Never look at others, they are as good as you are. Revise at least once at the last. May God bless you. Thank you.

1 0 इग्ज़ाम आने वाली है क्या होगा मेरी तो तेय्यारी भी नहीं हो पायी पूरी....अगर आपके मन में यह बात आती है तो मेरी बातों को ध्यान से सुनें...
इग्ज़ाम सिर्फ़ पाने के लिए होती है इससे हम कुछ भी खो नहीं सकते जेसे पास होने पर हमें अगली कक्षा में बेठने का अवसर मिलेगा या नौकरी मिल जायेगी लेकिन फैल हो जाने पर भी हमें अपने अंदर की कमियों को जानने का मोका मिलेगा... ज़रूरी नहीं है कि स्कूल की परीक्षा में पास होने वाला ही कुछ कर सकता है फैल होने वालों ने भी दुनिया में ऊँचे से ऊँचा स्थान हासिल किया...

0 1 I think preparation for exam is more of having a control on your mind. If one thinks and confident about passing with good marks can easily do the same. I am a Chartered Accountant and I know very well how examiner plays with the Student's confidence. Many people says that our education system is not good but since I am currently studying in Vienna University of Economics and Business, I can firmly say that there is no lack in our education system, its just our approach that needs to be look at.

0 0 Can we apply the education system from finhland south Korea
They provide the best education in world

0 0 Modiji Kya Aapko Donald Trump ke Baal Acche Lagte Hain.....Kya Aap Bhi Kabhi Vese Baal Rakhenge Ya Color Karenge? #PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #MyGov #AIR

0 0 #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov
Final weeks can be the most stressful time for a student, whether in high school, college or graduate school.
Ensure you’re prepared for your exams with these study tips, which can help you conquer your finals.
Follow this list as finals week approaches (the earlier you prep, the better) so you can ace your exams from start to finish:

0 0 Exams are very important. They test you on a topics understanding. But they don't test a person. Hence one should not stress. A person is defined by their Skills and abilities and not academics. Hence with education focus on "Skill Development" and evolve as a distinct individual with a combination of education with skills.

0 0 Sir please change the recruitment system of psu's.

0 0 मोदी जी एक बात  कहना भूल गया था, कि कौन बच्चा या उसके अभिभावक यह चाहते है कि जब बच्चा २.०० pm - २.३० pm पर स्कूल से आये और फिर खाना खाने के बाद ३.०० pm पर उसकी कोचिंग की वैन घर के बाहर हॉर्न दे रही हो. और फिर ९.०० pm पर बच्चा घर लौटे,उसको घर पर पढ़ने या खेलने का मौका की कहाँ है. फिर भी हम उससे इतनी उम्मीद क्यों बांध लेते हैं ?????????????????????

0 0 Shri modi ji,
 please do not forget to mention the respect and listening to the parents advice especially  for the age group of 13-25

1 0 Namaskar PM Ji, 
Any work done must be evaluated at the same level for fairness, so that we know the folks who have 'understood' the material and who have not. Hence, examinations [call them appraisal, interview are a necessity in every walk of life. The nature of the test, or testing method may change, but is always there. We must do our best.
Outlook of Indians to 'failure' in exam must change. Must realise exam is only 1 indicator of knowledge.
Arun
Assoc Prof IIT Bombay.

0 0 जहाँ तक मैं समझ पता हूँ यह सारा फैसला तत्कालीन MHRD मिनिस्टर द्वारा कुछ प्राइवेट इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेज को undue advantage पहुचने के लिए किया गया फैसला था.
जिसकी सजा उनको मिलनी ही चाहिए और  हर सरकारी इंसान जो इससे जुड़ा रहा हो उनको भी. मैं जमीन से जुड़ा आदमी हूँ, जो एक आम आदमी की हर समस्याओं से भलीभाँति परिचित हूँ ,
मोदी जी, मैं इस उपकार का बदला इस जीवन मैं नहीं चूका पाउँगा. आप का बहुत बहुत शुक्रिया.

0 0 In Bhagwad Gita, the verse 2.47 says, "कर्मणयेवाधिकारस्ते मा फलेषु कदाचन", which means, we have right only to our actions and not to the fruits of action, and hence we should only worry about our actions and not about the results. We should be very clear that this does not mean to have no objectives before starting any action, it only means that once you have started the action u dnt need to worry abt the results. This is relevant for students as they worry about marks even before writing exams.

0 0 Dear PM (u r a good pm)only be a 125crore's PM,u have great potential
1.end exam system after 10th class.
2.after age 18 he passed/fail/no certi but able to compete entrance(theoricaly+practicaly)then allow him in his interesting field for further
3.end run for degree
4.student should be more practical then theoretical.
5.gov should do all jobs equal salary then everybody will go in their interested field.
6.respect quality in their individual field end qualification

0 0 नमस्कार सर जी जब आप TV या रेडियो पर मन की बात करते है तो आप बहुत अच्छी बातें करते है मुझे गर्व होता हैं जब आपकी आवाज सुनता हूँ
 26 जनवरी की हार्दिक सुभकामनाये  जय हिंद

1 0 India is in strict need of 1 board(cbse)as state boards students feel tough to compete in JEE,NEET,CAT as all rotate around CBSE,multiple languages availablity,neet as entrance exam in all languages,1 uniform(as compulsive uniforms are costly),1 book set all india by cbse for all subjects on special prices(so no school can charge more or force to buy from one shop).

1 0 So kindly conduct NEET for students who study the same syllabus of NEET from their kindergarten. So first make a common syllabus for our whole nation and make them appear in NEET with equal power. With due respect a STUDENT.

0 0 As my opinion, Mai Respected PM ko bas itna suggest krna chahta hu ki ye jo state-wise board hote hai ye sb centralize krke ek hi center board exam ho, Jisse education ka level improve hoga or Hum Education k Matter m world k top countries me honge. Kuch states mai  Board Exam Ek Tarah se class test jaisa ban k rah gya h because vaha par cheatings hoti h.or student easily pass ho jata h but graduation k bad use job nahi mil pati.Yahi berojgari ka sbse bada reason h.please sir take it seriously.

2 0 Respected sir,Iam a 12 th std Biology group  student studying in a matriculation school where we follow the stateboard syllabus
After my public exams there is another exam as we all know NEET exam.Iam not against NEET but it should be fair for all the students know sir,what I mean is that the syllabus for NEET is based on CBSE and in Tamilnadu nearly 70% are studying in stateboard how is it possible for a student studying in stateboard syllabus to write an examination based on CBSE syllabus?

0 0 Respected Sir, I am a student preparing for upsc and pscs.I had my exams so I could not get my money exchanged.I had tried 5-6 times but my chance didnt come due to long queues. I had heard your speeches saying that education should be given utmost importance to serve our country. Jan dhan yojana site also showed that money could be exchanged in RBI till 31 March. When I went to RBI, the gaurd did not let me enter saying that only NRIs are allowed. Please take some initiative to help.

3 0 #PMonRadio : It was said by Albert Einstein "Everybody is a Genius. But If You Judge a Fish by Its Ability to Climb a Tree, It Will Live Its Whole Life Believing that It is Stupid. Genius is not the only person who scores 99% marks in exams. But Sachin Tendulkar & Amitabh Bachchan are also genius. No doubt Education is important in life but success is not dependent in only education. Education helps us to gain knowledge. To gain Knowledge should be the ultimate aim but not only getting marks.

0 0 Exams are all about writing without nervousness.The students may have studied the entire year as an input, but the output is only 3 hours.Those 3 hours play an important role.so,Time management is required.Plan according to the time.Going through the questions more than 1 time will avoid silly mistakes.Even if the Question paper appear so tough, do write the answers somewhat relevant to the questions.Do write and practise.Avoid entertainment and other fun for this 3 months.Stay cool.All the best

1 0 Sir,
I'm a student studying in class 12 and an IIT aspirant. Dr.Ambedkar introduced reservations with a positive intent but today caste based reservations make 0 sense. To me it seems totally illogical to give undue favors to a person just because he was born in a certain family of SC/ST and take away the seat of a more deserving candidate. While give reservations to economically backward classes is important, why bring in caste? Why let caste survive? Can you pls look beyond politics🙏🙏.

0 0 Respected Sir,
    Today i visited bank for my work. Then i saw at 10 o'clock electricity was gone so this problem total work of bank works where shutt off and lots of people who came for banking work they passed away from bank. Only and Only reason for electricity.
I request to put all bank generator set for back up electricity.Now a days people support ur system for online banking and others services but they need basic requirements.
JAY HIND,
SWAPNEEL DESAI,8866836445

0 0 yoga and meditation will help the students from anxiety and tensions.  never by-heart any thing, understand the concept and recall for 2 to 3 times.  wake up in the early morning. it is the best time to study.

0 0 Respected shri Narendra Modi ji,
we have spent our two years and left job,family to create this solution for india. Even MHRD and SKill India CEO like this project alot.we want you to support us to take this free to use platform to people where they get connected with like minded people and share resources to grow together.Shiksha sarathi provide all solutions of problems stated in comments below.please just go through pdf file attached to know more use of Shikshasarathi.#mannkibaat

0 0 “In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists”

0 0 As study of environment is necessary to prevent the society from pollution, same way study of 'Naitik shiksha (Moral education)' is necessary to prevent the society from pollution of bad ideas.
So 'Naitik Shiksha' (Moral education) subject should be necessary in all classes.
thank you.

1 0 Respected shri Narendra Modi ji,
Its a great opportunity to speak through mann ki baat.I got your mail today which looks like what we were waiting for this topic from past 1 year.We have created Educational collaboration and sharing platform for indian students Known as Shikshasarathi. shikshasarath.com is core designed for basic problems of indian students.which is less availablity for good resources and reach to right person who can solve real problems of education.please find pdf

0 0 Esteemed Sir,
I am of the opinion that students from primary stratum should have to follow the technical procedure to accommodate themselves with the needs of the future scenario.At the same time there must be some restrictions not to use the electronics all the time to pass their valuable times. At least  in higher classes in addition to semester system one time annual examination to be conducted thoroughly from the 1st to last semester to enhance their knowledge in any subject ,subjectively .

0 0 Sir,
     With due respect i kindly inform you this unfair exam and cheat to external practical examiner.They take ID and password and self fill the marks and terror to me.I am HOD of mechanical (United College of Engineering & Management,Allahabad).OD certificate gives me within 30 min. and pressurise me take fast viva in short.
                             Please I hope you take right action against to dadagiri.
        thanking you !

0 0 sir i beg to say that guest speaker payment and service should be improve and permanent because they hardworking comparison to permanent teachers in every field such as lectures in classroom and office works etc.They worried from permanent teachers. They all time insulting and toned because we are guest speaker and high qualified.please find solution of this problem.

0 0 sir i beg to say that guest speaker payment and service should be improve and permanent because they hardworking comparison to permanent teachers in every field such as lectures in classroom and office works etc.They worried from permanent teachers. They all time insulting and toned because we are guest speaker and high qualified.please find solution of this problem.

0 0 sir i beg to say that guest speaker payment and service should be improve and permanent because they hardworking comparison to permanent teachers in every field such as lectures in classroom and office works etc.They worried from permanent teachers. They all time insulting and toned because we are guest speaker and high qualified.please find solution of this problem.

0 0 sir i beg to say that guest speaker payment and service should be improve and permanent because they hardworking comparison to permanent teachers in every field such as lectures in classroom and office works etc.They worried from permanent teachers. They all time insulting and toned because we are guest speaker and high qualified.please find solution of this problem.

0 0 i am a student of mathematics..before going for do any exam..you have to read the:"A Mathematician’s Lament"..if i have a power like u..then i will first change syllabus.not take any examination..hamre yahan phle formua btaya jata he fir question krwaye jate he.uske  bad whi question exam me aate he or pass ho jate h,hme ye q ni btaya jata ki formula kahan se aaya,kkaise drive hua..iski history kya he..tb exam ka koi matab he..modi g,this is the only reason there is no field mathematicain in ind

0 0 Advise for students:
14. When you write answers for science exams, write point wise. Use only one pattern for points. For example (only use "->" or "*" or ".") Never use more than one patter in entire answer-sheet

0 0 I am samvida lecturer in Govt. Polytechnic Srinagar garhwal uttarakhand.I am teaching there since 6 year.Uttarakhand government has done regularization in all department who were working before 31 DEC 2011 on the basis of government order of 14 DEC 2016 . But did not do in government polytechnic.besides it we did not get salary since aug2016(5 months).
So uttarakhand government should think about it so that samvida lecturers can give their best performance to students making their future bright

0 0 Advise for students:
9. In your answer-sheets, underline important words so that they catch the eye of paper-checker and get you good grades.
10. In Mathematics, make box around your final answer.
11. Never do rough-work on the same page. Use last page and mark it as rough page.
12. Make boxes around figure in Science exams. They make it look good.
13. When you annotate the figures, keep all the annotations in the same horizontal directions. Try to give the exam checkers less trouble.

0 0 mughe pata h sayed hi iska koi reply aye but app tek mughe apni baat kehni thi so keh di justice karna na karna ab apke hath me h

0 0 Hon'ble PM,
In my humble opinion we should include great biographies, heroic stories, more about culture of our states in the curriculum. I'm sure it's already there, but there should be focus on teaching the values, culture, know our martyrs, scientists, poets, teachers, musicians, artists, politicians etc. In my humble opinion it will help build the thought process from childhood and we'll have great leaders for future who can lead India and we can concur the world again #MannKiBaat
Jai Hind

0 0 I am samvida lecturer in Govt. Polytechnic Srinagar garhwal uttarakhand.I am teaching there since 6 year.Uttarakhand government has done regularization in all department who were working since 31 DEC 2011 on the basis of government order of 14 DEC 2016 . But did not do in government polytechnic.besides it we did not get salary since aug2016(5 months).
So uttarakhand government should think about it so that samvida lecturers can give their best performance to students making their future bright

0 0 Advise for students:
6. Before the day of exams, choose most comfortable cloths to wear. Keep 2 calculators as a backup, keep 3-4 pencils and 3-4 pens.
7. All the pens that you are going to use in the exam must be at least 1/3 used pens so it will not give you a strange feeling of new pen. (Less distraction.)
8. Parents must accompany students to exam locations. Keep your child with you and do not let him/her talk to other students.Other students may depress them with unnecessary questions.

0 0 man ki bat sunne se pet nhi berta sirji hum logo ka rajgar "maihar cement chhin rahi h aur apke hi maihar tehsil BJP vidhyek, sansad  kuch nhi kar pa rahe h app yawao ko rajgar dene ki bat karte h yaha to hum logo ka chhina ja raha h

0 0 we should have free education policy to make 100% educated India

0 0 I m student n main apne mummy papa k voilence ki wajah se kam number la pata tha kyunki iss wajah se padhai se dhyan bhatkta tha... so please aise parents se boliye ki aisi situation se bachha acha score ni kr sakta..
Thank you

0 0 sir i beg to say that guest speaker payment and service should be improve and permanent because they hardworking comparison to permanent teachers in every field such as lectures in classroom and office works etc.They worried from permanent teachers. They all time insulting and toned because we are guest speaker and high qualified.please find solution of this problem.

1 0 Sir,I was a teacher for 30 years in Vallabh Vidyanagarr & Anand. But in the last phase of my career I found that most of the teachers in Vidyanagar are engaged in giving private tuition at their home or in their coating cetnter to which they are affiliated.The same practice is still prevailing in many cities in Gujarat. They have minted lots of money and they showed this income as agriculture income.Most of the teachers still doing the same How can education be fruitful to students ? Do somethin

0 0 Advise for students:
4. Do not go after more than 2-3 materials. Always prefer to read school text books. Apart from that choose only 2-3 good publications. Never go beyond 2-3 because it will create confusion.
5. Mathematics: Always use pen and paper, do not read it like novel.

0 0 Advise for students:
1. Find the most comfortable location to study in your home. It can be your study room, living room, or school anything.
2. Never go to friend's house for study. It always spoils it.
3. before at least 3 months of exam, student must start practising writing papers, at least 2 per day. This exercise will help the student in getting familiar of what type of questions are normally asked and how teachers check the answer sheets. This will boost up confidence.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
किसी भी नौकरी के लिए पुराने लोगो के अंक बहुत ही कम होते थे और इस समय मेरिट बहुत अधिक होती है जिससे पहले के पढ़े लोगो को नौकरी से बहर कर दिया जाता है ,
आपसे अनुरोध है उनके लिए भी विकल्प बनाने की कृपा करे,औरे जो उच्च योग्यता के लोग है उन्हें भी नौकरी में वरीयता प्रदान  की जाये / उदाहरन के रूप में अभी उत्तर प्रदेश में राजकीय अन्तर कॉलेज में सहायक अध्यापक के रिक्तियां निकली आगयी है जो की पूर्ण रूप से मेरिट
सकारात्मक उम्मीद सहित ,
               देवेन्द्र शुक्ल

0 0 Hi Sir,
In today generation education is most Important, But due to high fees there many middle class or lower class children who are not able to take proper education they are still running behind the generation
Also don't understand why parents Interview is must if education is given child and if it is to check students ability how capable is he so for what schools are taken high education Fee

0 0 In competitive exams aspirants should be hard working with a great patience.They should focus on there preparation & just forget about the rest things. Success needs hard work with great dedication.For PM MODI ji please solve the problem of reservation in  jobs.Reservation should not be given to people on cast basis.Job should be given on only talent basis. Reservation should be given to only physicallychallenged people or widows & fees of exams should be low.It will help a lot for aspirants.

0 0 sir i beg to say that guest speaker payment and service should be improve and permanent because they hardworking comparison to permanent teachers in every field such as lectures in classroom and office works etc.They worried from permanent teachers. They all time insulting and toned because we are guest speaker and high qualified.please find solution of this problem. 
thankyou 
                                                            Guest Speaker of Govr. I.T.I.

0 0 Encourage them saying that all college drop out have become big personalities like Steve jobs,Bill gates, Dhirubhai ambani,Nanji kalidas mehta etc so even if you do not perform well in exam don't  get disappointed  and keep on trying.

0 0 Good/Bad Impact in childhood remains in A person for whole life. It is very difficult to understand what child want & faced & if no one else care then it is harmful for the child.Every child want to do some innovation but no one pick their hand in right time.

0 0 Parent's role: is important. Mother or Father if not both must remain present when child is reading or preparing for exams. Parents must have information about child's progress in the studies and courses. Parents must remain cautious of not interfering too much. Their presence should provide warmth to the child. If parents cannot remain present all the time, grand-parents can take this responsibility.

0 0 Language examination should be over in class 7
After class 7 importance to be given to core subjects like maths ,science and technology and social sciences.Only those who want to pursue higher education in respective language could attend exams for them in class X ,class X board exam could have
1.mental aptitude test
2.basic mathematics [use of calculator is allowed]
3.basic science
4.basic social science
5.if anyone want to pursue,then they could go for advanced paper in subject

0 0 1 more....
My Best of Luck to all Participant appearing in Engineering Exam this year, I don't want you to sent you coaching till 8.-9 PM while you come back from school at 2.30 PM and a Coaching Van is standing in from of your house at 3.00 pm
Regards to all.

0 0 Greetings!
As the exam approaches, students get more stressed. Instead they should be prepared since the very start. Even though we have board system some fraction of score should be from the formative evaluation through out the year. Rather than creating burden n fear in their minds, Parents and teachers must support the dream of the student and work as team.A  school nurse or counsellor can help the students to adapt to the system and stress management.
Best of luck to all the examinees!

0 0 Respected PM Sir, As a parent, I can say exams keeps the student alert and brings that extra out of the child. I believe in our gurukul system of education. 16 vidya's were taught in the pre university course common to all. There are many subjects including, psycology, philosophy are missing in today's curriculam. These were Indian contribution to the world and our kids are not taught about it now.The history taught now is twisted one and an effort should be done to rewrite the history-Jaihind

0 0 Dear Sir,
As a music teacher I can observe students growth in their life. But couple of the year I observed that quality talents are not coming up properly. 
I felt uses of technology in primary and middle school mostly spoiling the creativity of students. The richness of the word " Guru Sishya Parampara" is losing its dignity. caused teachers are instead their creativity taking full support of Net, apps Smart class. Today our students do not go through Dictionary,

0 0 In colleges, classes must be conducted regularly. Students must come daily to attend the class. At least 50% attendance holders must be allowed to appear in the classes. It will help a lot to poor and rural students. Otherwise not attending classes trend increases the private coaching classes which in turn adversely effects poor and people coming from rural back-ground. Principal and other senior authorities must be made accountable.

0 0 Respected PM
The students are being lured to short cuts to success, leading them to get trapped in drug trafficking, crime, spoiled and aimless life.
Setting up of Aim must be explained to them i.e. how, what etc. (Easy to say set a goal/aim).
They must take oath not to get involved in “Copying” it breaks their confidence and leaves them depressed in future sometimes unfit for even small jobs.

0 0 I am sending few attachments which I have sent on 23/06/2013 to Top MHRD , IAS Officers.

0 0 All educational certificates should be linked to aadhar of the students and enabled in digital format so that it cannot be forged.The examination paper setting,examination invigilator, who valued the exams,chief superintended etc should  be traceable and verifiable by linking their Aadhar number to the examination paper so that in case of malpractice the person responsible for the malpractice can be traced and action taken against them.The whole exam process can  better shift to online mode

0 0 first of all education business should be stopped and private college should be banned or proper function of college checking time to time without any corruption and student attendance taking by biometric system  in government colleges thankyou. sir

1 0 No marks only eligibility certificate to be issued .
1.which ever students scores more than 75 % gets eligibility certificate for the advanced studies in that subject .
2.A student who scores more between 60 % and 75% gets eligibility certificate for the higher education in that subject .
3.A student who scores above 40% is declared with the satisfactory certificate and further the higher institution under its discretion may decide on letting the student for higher education

0 0 Introduction of class for skills and interest, so that we can provide a base to child whatever he/she wants to become and take other subjects as knowledge base and not the criteria of intelligence. Introduce Professional training program to deal with situation in real life. Compulsory subject for hobbies become profession and provide workshops to explore and sharing with each other. This will reduce the unemployment and children will grow with a aim to be successful.

0 0 और एक विनती है हर एक अभिभावक से कि हर बच्चा एक जैसा नहीं होता, और हमें अपनी अपेक्छाएं बच्चॊ पर नहीं थोपनी चाहियें.
मेरी हर संवेदना उन बच्चॊ के साथ है जिन्होंने २०१३ से २०१६ तक इस सरकारी गलती से अपने कर्रिएर को गवायाँ ,लेकिन निराश मत होना अगर तुम में प्रतिभा है तो सरकार कब तक दबा सकती है. I am sending some of few information provided to Secy. Higher Education to the bottom of that line. which I have sent before the result the result declaration in 2013. Then HRD Minister was responsible.

0 0 actually, exams and results are a big pressure on now adays.If a student gets failure he has to face many problems.The problem is not the failure but the environment created by us for failures.If someone failed to have face shame, taunts etc..Now we have to rethink that what is the reason behind failure if we want to develop.Don't make failure a suicide point of life or anything else.It's time let decide and get ideas from students how to run education system and apply with modifications #AIR

0 0 #Mannkibaat Respected PM, The CCE evaluation system needs to be scrapped it adds extra pressure thru out the year in the form of project activities group project several tests in each subject in addition to regular studies and vast and high level of cbse portion.In Pvt. Schools we have to do 48 proj & 50+ wkly activities when to study?also ncert books are not used by Pvt schools they add extra3-4 books in each sub. new pattern should reduce vast syllabus & holiday 2 be given after each SA exam

0 0 National Service Card can be introduced giving credit to students doing voluntary work like swach bharath mission,digital literacy mission, blood donation,organ donation after death etc,vidyanjali, participating in mygov and various schemes like skill India etc,Social service schemes etc and marks for national service can be added to academic marks.Marks to be allotted to sports as well as for ethical behaviour and deducted for unethical behaviour of the students in schools/colleges per records

0 0 As far as I can remind myself, passing the exams were bringing a lot of stress into my life. Nervous waiting for the concrete week, then the day, the hour and the next question is coming…For many young people duration of taking the exams is the time in which normal way of living is disturbed. There are some cases, particular people, who feel good during the examination scheme-they want to prove something, check theirs knowledge level or who have so wide range of knowledge what brings them to the

1 0 We are giving stress on learning same things by ages which is not relevant in real life scenario. The examination system is becoming burden and required just read it remember it and write to to get the percentage required for the admission in the good college. Colleges are giving same structure. No room for skills rather judge children on scale of percentage. We lost actual line of education. We need to introduce system, which gives the opportunity to explore the skills and interest of child.

1 0 jai gurudev
first of all congratulations on demonetisation
one another move a small one but a big leap awaited in the education
THIS YEAR FOR THE BOARD EXAM STUDENTS GIVE BLESSINGS
FOR CLASS X STUDENTS ALLOW THEM TO USE BASIC CALCULATOR AND FOR CLASS 12 STUDENTS TO USE SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR ,all the modern education boards are allowing this but not in india,we still go for manual calculation .we need applied knowledge and we need to update ourselves with need of time
jai gurudev

0 0 Also, a Sanskrit teacher may be appointed in every Department / college / University in conformity with workload requirements for this purpose. I hereby request you to kindly take note of the need for the promotion and propagation of our national culture, tradition and knowledge through the Sanskrit language and Sanskrit texts expressed in the above submission and do the needful.

0 0 मैं बोर्ड परीक्षा में प्राप्त अंक के आधार पर ही टॉप इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेजेस में प्रवेश का हिमायती हूँ , परंतु उसके पहले देश मैं एक बोर्ड , एक सिलेबस, एक परीक्षा हो, और किसी भी प्रदेश में नक़ल होने की कोई भी संभावना न हो. तभी हम इन कोचिंग व्यवसाय से बच सकते है, और बच्चे अवसाद में जाने से  और हम अपने बच्चॊ को आत्म्यहत्या से रोक सकते हैं, क्योंकि तब बच्चे हमारे पास ही रह कर पढ़ें गे,

0 0 its University courses in modern medicine. Likewise, our own UG and PG courses in History, Philosophy, Literature, Economics, Commerce, Political Science and so on could certainly include a related Sanskrit based module. Furthermore, the close affinities between Sanskrit and many foreign languages, French and German, for example, are a well known fact. It is my strong conviction, too, that this kind of an academic approach would, in addition, serve the cause of national integration.

0 0 .  मैंने ह्यूमन सिसोर्स रिसर्च डेवलपमेंट में पोस्टेड हर वैरी सीनियर अफसर से इस बारे मैं कई बार बात की, और उनको बहुत ही महत्वपूर्ण  इनफार्मेशन उन तक २३/०६/२०१3 को भी पहुंचाया की आप के इस फॉर्मूले से कितने होनहार बच्चॊ का भविष्य अन्धकार मैं हो जाये गा. लेकिन मेरी एक न सुनी गई.

0 0 , of course, but as relevant comprehensive fragments in the form of complementary or subsidiary modules in relation to the branch opted for study. To illustrate, a Science stream student of modern medicine could be offered a complementary paper on the subsidiary subject of Ayurveda so as to represent the cultural repertoire of ancient Indian medicine. Already, many countries are following such an approach. China, to cite an instance, incorporates a six-month course on traditional acupuncture in

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी  हम आप का तहे दिल से , उन सब परीक्षार्थियों की तरफ से तहे दिल से  शुक्रिया अदा करना चाहता हूँ जो इस वर्ष २०१७ में इंजीनियरिंग प्रवेश परीक्षा में भाग लेने जा रहे हैं , कि इस साल बोर्ड परीक्षा के मार्क्स का  कोई वेटेज नहीं होगा.  ९९.९९ % प्रतिशत परिक्षात्रियों और उनके परिवार के  लोगों को भी नॉर्मेलिज़तिओन के गलत फॉर्मूले का पता ही नहीं है . २०१३ में मैंने आवाज उठाई थी लेकिन दबा दी गई.

0 0 Hello Sir,
In India, we see education as some subject studies starts from leaning alphabets and vowels. The education is compulsory part of life but it does not impact most of the lives having high degrees with no job. There is no confidence to start own business after completing education. Till graduation we even don't know what next. This is the biggest lacking in our education system, which ends up in high level competition and increase pressure n suicidal tendencies.

0 0 The job entrance exam system to be reformed to ask question on related skills like banking exams to examine students on banking,law, management, instead of english,GK and numerical abilities.IAS exams should examine on leadership skills,law,administration, governance etc instead of examining on history, gerography,medical,engineering subjects, by this method coaching centres can be changed to skill centres and the student taking the coaching/exams will be skilled and can lead to skilled manpower

0 0 Maanya Modiji,Namonama,As a teacher of Sanskrit, I feel that it is very necessary to formally impart the uniquely original and rich corpus of knowledge of our nation to our students undergoing different courses as part of diverse programmes under various Universities in our country. It is my humble opinion that the ancient knowledge bequeathed to us by our Rishis, sages, seers and bards, and preserved in the form of scripted texts needs to form part of syllabi and curricula, not in full measure,

0 0 For me in school board exams there is a very big role of parents & teachers with students.Students should share there problem like exam fear/stress with there parents & acedamic problem with there teachers.Students should do there hard work& make a habit to revise the topic on daily basis.It will improve there exam preparation to a best level because "REVISION MAKES DIVISION" this rule helped me a lot in my school days & made me a topper in school as well as in college days,also take good sleep.

0 0 I am a teacher at Graduation level and a student of MA Psychology. I have completed 2 PG courses already. I am also a career counselor. Under the current system, 10th and 12th standard exams are not only a lot of pressure, but useless in the long run. I tell all my students that these exams are not useful at all.
Yet, it is their duty (dharma) as students, to study. And excelling in studies is only the beginning to excel in all areas of your life. There is no substitute to excellence.

0 0 Loving your job so far Mr.PM.
Current student generation in india is not at all interested in studies reason being the methodology of studies is so old and out dated. we got to make the studies more realistically practical and innovative by adding technology in indian education system, as youth is not here for just to take a degree and sit home. In fact what i personally feel is current outdated education system is dismantling the student's foundation of being excellent and successful. #MyGov

0 0 Maanya Modiji,Namonama,

0 0 The entire education process to be reformed, books to be replaced by multimedia video content.Exams can be open book, questions can be of problem/case solving and application oriented,abolish essay questions.Example in law there should be 80% case problem solving and 20% procedure and drafting.Essay questions to be abolished.In engineering 100% questions should be problem solving based,no theory and essay, in management  100% questions to be problem/case solving.Exams to be conducted with CCTV

0 0 Respected Sir,I am a student my self.We are moving towards Digital India, then why not to start it with the education section.I would like to suggest you to make animation of text written in our Textbooks and upload it on you tube or Develop an app named MyEdu and upload the video on it as well,or provide schools a projector foritas this system is available in our state by Navneet but it,'s too costly, More than our School fees and non-affordable for some children. Please work on It.Sir.Pranam

0 0 True meaning of examination is "To test one self".   
If we can get this feeling, Then we will solve 99% of the problems related to exam and its preparation. 
There should not be any idea of competition and social status linked to exam process, especially at schools. Neither it is an ultimate life deciding factor. At the same time it is very important for one self to understand his / her strengths and weakness. And march towards the survival driven life to passion driven life.

0 0 1)Education shall make student educated.
Education shall not be limited to get good marks but to make good people who are disciplined, well behaved and respect the others.
2)Education shall develop patience  and respect for life in people
3)Educated persons shall volunteer to help needy person get educated and eradicate illiteracy
4)Education shall make people proud of historical heritage and sense of belongingness for public property

0 0 Hello, my name is Sucharita Mazumdar.I am studying in std 10.My point of view regarding the exam is the no one should get panic or get tenses becoz of exam . We should try to study as much we can study in a day . We should nt force ourselves to study more. Parents should also support us nd encourage us in doing well in the exam . I really want to thank our P.M sir for giving us an opportunity to share our views as well as our emotions regarding examination.....
Thank You sir

0 0 The certifying bodies to be made accountable.If the University certifies a student without skills and knowledge as a MBBS qualified and if his actions result in loss to the patient,the degree granting body should be held criminally liable.With so many private and self financing institutes in India,strong examination law should be implemented to check any malpractice to prevent persons lacking skills to qualify as engineer,doctors,lawyers etc, so Entrance and exit tests to be conducted by centre

0 0 A teacher who cannot explain any abstract subject to a child does not himself thoroughly understand his subject; if he does not attempt to break down his knowledge to fit the child's mind, he does not understand teaching.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living
So in today's world, a real student needs a friend more dan a teacher .... as a teacher who can be student while teaching his student! ...
siddharth1202

0 0 Namaskar To our beloved PM Shri Modiji
When students are writing board exams they should bold enough face exam. As I am lecturer my suggestion is work hard 14-16 hrs a day, don't feel week see every one got brain just difference in training, try to train it properly, involve in every aspect of syllabus, this will make your brain strong to face exam. do not divert your concentration it should be in study only now. always you keep in mind that how your parents struggling to educate you

0 0 During my boards exams of 10th class, i was shocked to hear that the same teacher who taught us the moral lessons of Honesty and integrity said to us "dear students, take care of your classmates in exam hall". He was suggesting us to cheat. Is that the meaning of education? Here, I would suggest that there should be reforms in teachers' training to shun such narrow perceptions of education. The spirit of "teaching as a service" need to be revived, rather than leaving it as a mere mean of earning

0 0 Every candidate preparing the competitive exams and having achieved an aim any field please always remember most important three success 'C'  - CONCENTRATION, CONSISTENCY and third most important 'C' COOPERATION

0 0 UGC/AICTE/MCI/BCI/CBSE need to enact rules for examination process to be followed by Institutes including IIM and IIT's, no more question paper setting by same teacher taking classes and valuation by the same person, unacceptable as there can be bias.Restore external examiners for paper setting and valuation.Minimum 50% marks in Internal exam can be  eligibility to sit for board exams, but  board exams should carry 100% weightage.If credibility of exams is lost certificate will be worth as paper

0 0 Dear honourable Modi ji
1. No fees for BPL families till intermediate.
2. All the corporates and industries must adopt the schools and colleges and donate equipments and funds as part of CSR initiatives.
3. Tax benefits must be provided in the budget for industries and corporates who donate equipments and donate funds to schools and colleges being adopted by them.
4. Prayer songs should be practiced for each religion students separately one after another.
5. Rank the schools based on 5S.

0 0 Pradhan Mantri ji, I am pained to see that in colleges, the classes are not conducted for even 7 months in a year. From vacations 3 times in a year, to university exams when the classes are suspended to elections to a host of other activities.
The obvious consequence is that students' curriculum remains incomplete and they seek tuitions outside of the colleges / universities and miss regular classes. Institutions should also take steps to increase attendance in institutions.

0 0 Good evening Sir
I have a plan to make portal for martyr soldiers family from which people who want to help them they can help they can get the details of soldiers from there they can help
so i want your support and help to implement this i have already started to work on this project i want your approval #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Saprem Namaskar, Narendra Bhai ji.
  Kindly ensure that the examination papers do not give scope for copying and malpractice at all levels , in our exam.system.They should test the conceptual knowledge of students with focus on integral education.
 Please help our  poor students languishing in our miserable govt. run schools and junior colleges in Bharat. Devastating commercialization of education is the result of neglecting govt. schools & colleges - Prof CBV Subbarayudu

0 0 Sir kya bara sirf bare loog sooch sakte hain hum jaiso ka kya jinke parents uneh emtionally padhne pe mazboor krte hai kehte hain talent kuch ni hota bass yhi hai india

0 0 The New Education Policy has documented falling quality of education in India from primary to higher education,the world know about now.It is time to act to restore the credibility of Indian examination&certification and set an example to the whole world.Exams should verify the analytical abilities,questions need to be problem/case solving/thought/innovation provoking and not to test rote learning.Internal marks to be abolished.Adopt Computer set Questions papers and external double valuation

0 0 Students can benefit from this Free education website which has all educational content as per CBSE and State boards. 
Website: www.examfear.com
It covers the entire content of NCERT textbooks for Class 6 to 12 Physics, Chemistry, Maths, Biology in the form of video lessons and notes. Everything is available Free of cost.

0 0 Student ko ye puchna hai-
padai ka kya udesya hai?
Phir unhe samjhna ki sbse phla Jo uddesya hai-ek acha insan banana.
Agar koi student acha insane ban gya, smjho exam top kar liya.

0 0 In my opinion study should be on daily basis daily read those topics taught at school/now i m a MBBS doctor.in my 12th i used to read on daily basis and revise things.giving exams sincerely.got93% just becoz of sincerely daily study/in my 8th board my maths book was lost,then at 9PM i bought new book and gone through all chapters thoroughly.it was my daily question practice which made me got 91 marks in maths.so ITS ONLY YOUR DETERMINATION GOD BLESSINGS &HARD WORK WHICH CAN GET U GOOD MARKS

0 0 You all should watch my video on channel vivek vikram kanoujia on moral education

0 0 As exam months is coming near, tensions are rising up in both students and parents. The only way to succeed in exams are to just be calm and solve as many question papers you can. I would like to request parents not to force their child to study continuously, try to keep them relax and tension free, be always on the positive side and confident. Never indulge in malpractices. Do not forget to listen PM Modi in Man Ki Baat #PMonRadio, #MannKiBaat

0 0 1000 pages text book per subject like physics, chemistry, maths and biology. Teachers under pressure to complete the portions in 6-7 months and prepare students for exams. The teachers hardly get a chance to TEACH and students hardly LEARN. This opens up a gold mine for subject teachers to run tuition classes. They ignore regular classes and put all efforts in tuition classes. Then preparatory examns one after the other pressurising the students. Real LEARNING goes for a toss. This goes on.

0 0 Student should study through out of year. Work hard to prepare there lessons.Take exam to gain knowledge but today numbers also important to enter i professional colleges. To e honest in exam. Prior to Day of exam sleep well at least 6 hours. Eat fresh food with balance diet , healthy food, do excersis, yoga, pray to remember.

1 0 India is a nation of unity in the diversity then why we differentiate the education and divide it in Cast and religion.

0 0 There should be one most important subject 'Moral education(Naitik skhiksha)'in each class.Beacause I think that the aim of education is-how to become a good human.
Generally 'Naitik Shiksha' subject is taught in lower standard classes.but when student become mature to understand,this subject is not taught.
Like environment 'Naitik Shiksha' is also very important to-
atankwad, ladai, chori,balatkar, baimani,tax chori,corruption, jativad, sampradayikta etc rokne k lye.wahi sach padha likha hai

0 0 There should be one most important subject 'Moral education(Naitik skhiksha'in each class. Beacause I think that the aim of education is-how to become a good human.
Generally 'Naitik Shiksha' subject is taught in lower standard classes.but when student become mature to understand,this subject is not taught.
Like environment 'Naitik Shiksha' is also very important to-
atankwad, ladai, chori,balatkar, baimani,tax chori,corruption, jativad, sampradayikta etc rokne k lye.wahi sach padha likha hai

0 0 If a student is preparing for government exams.since there are lesser vacancies among lakhs of students.one can get the job if luck will be with him otherwise, he may lose by few marks .after 5 years if not got selected he will be unemployed.It does not mean that he was not good in the study but lesser vacancies. the government should take care of that person by providing the job.Also exam should be taken combined in place of various exams, it saves exam fee and time.

0 0 are issued and is own soul does not get him sleep .what he should do .he want to help the student but parent is only interested in marks however it can be gained. by aal hook and crooks . can we focus on primary education and a work culture may be started from the ery biggining

2 0 Education must be same for everyone. Reservation in education not a good thing. Reservation in education is a boundation for deserving candidate. Reservation is better on the basis of financial situation. A 40% marks holder and A 70% marks holder guess who is the best from both. But the truth is that 40% marks holder get government job through Reservation instead of 70% marks holder.

0 0 Under the guise of a highly competitive system and pointing out only the negatives in the system students, parents and teachers seem to be taking the easy way out. Yes, it is true that education in our country has to cater to the masses. In that the best come out successful. Both hard work and smart work have to go together. And also exploring the various options for careers and preparing the students according to their capacities and skills will help reduce stress and untoward incidents.

1 0 परीक्षा के लिए
	धैर्यपूर्वक प्रश्नपत्र पढें।
	प्रत्येक उत्तर के लिए समय-सीमा निश्चित कर लें।
	प्रत्येक उत्तर संक्षिप्त और प्रभावपूर्ण ढंग से लिखें।
	यथासम्भव आरेख, चार्ट या विशिष्ट चिह्नों, बिंदुओं के द्वारा अपने उत्तर को विशिष्ट  बनाएँ –

1 0 अब हर माह परीक्षा है फॉरमेटिव,समेटिव, मासिक परीक्षा और भी बहुत कुछ डरने की तो बात ही नहीं है। इसके अलावा प्रोजेक्ट,  सहशैक्षिक मूल्यांकन खेल और प्रार्थना सब कहीं हम अपना परचम लहराकर जीत को अपनी मुट्ठी में कर सकते हैं।
	परीक्षा की तैयारी
 फिर भी वार्षिक परीक्षा की तैयारी के लिए योजना बनाकर कार्य करें—
	सब कुछ लिखकर याद करें।
	छोटी-छोटी पॉकेट डायरियाँ बनाएँ जिसमें प्वाइंट्स में उत्तर लिखे गए हों।
	ज्यादा देर तक न जागें कम पढें मनन ज्यादा करें।
	आत्म विश्वास बनाए रखें

0 0 Respected Modiji,
   Students should realize that the purpose of exams are to evaluate,correct and improve their studies,not to make things difficult,punish or to destroy a student's enthusiasm.Exam may not be the best system but there is no other better system

0 0 i am teaching since 33 years and feels that ccE in which manner had been implemented in primary section,has spoiled the whole education system as well as the youngerones At the stage where they have to face board exams ,they do not know even the basics . so they get panic what to learn and where to start .from alphabets ,from tables ,from spellings . parents are busy in their work . student is either panic or indepression .several counsellings does not works. teacher is under pressure-memorandom

0 0 For preparation in exams make your OWN NOTEBOOK which contain your thoughts about the subject and topic.so this hand made book is very useful in exams and it increase easily your marks and you no need to cramming every questions...that's it!

0 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER
I THINK THAT IN OUR COUNTRY MOST PEOPLE HAVE STARTED TO GIVE MORE IMPORTANCE TO EXAMINATION MARKS RATHER GIVING IMPORTANCE TO ACTUAL LEARING .....ANY PERSON CAN MUG-UP THE KNOWLEDGE GIVEN IN THE TEXTBOOKS BUT WHAT ABOUT ACTUAL LEARING. WHERE IS IT TAKING PLACE ?! SO I BELIEVE THAT THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD FIGURE OUT A WAY TO MERGE ACTUAL LEARNING WITH THESE EXAMINATION
YOURS SINCERELY
MRIDUL BHARDWAJ

0 0 It is true that the competition has increased. But so have the number of options for the new generation. How is it that in the same system the country produced top class engineers, doctors, thinkers contributing to the knowledge base of the entire world? We have made the youngsters very weak, they do not have a heart of steel because they seem to be getting things without too much of struggle. Parents also have to be counselled and mentored about the various new options available today.

0 0 परीक्षा...... संत्रास नहीं उल्लास
कहते हैं परीक्षा का भूत जब सिर चढ़कर बोलता है अच्छे-अच्छों को नानी याद आ जाती है । बच्चो ! लेकिन कभी सोचा है – नानी की याद तो बड़ी मीठी होती है न ! माता-पिता की डाँट से डरकर कभी नानी के पीछे दुबक लिए , कभी उनकी गोद में घुसकर कहानी सुनने की जिद ठान ली ।  बस ! परियों ,राजकुमारों और पुराणों के आख्यान सुनते-सुनते बड़ी अच्छी नींद आती थी ।
	समय बदला ; परिवार छोटे हुए नानी दो चार दिन को आती है पर अच्छी उतनी ही लगती है। समय परीक्षा के लिए भी बदला है |

0 0 Sir
First of all we require a syllabus that can equip our students to keep up with the current global scenario. Introduction of modern teaching methods along with ensuring healthy interaction among students and teachers may be appreciated. Theory oriented learning may be replaced with more practical oriented courses as per students’ taste. If provided with a serene learning environment our students can achieve far better than what they have already achieved. Mock exams may help reduce anxiety.

1 0 sir village lavel par education me sudar hona chaea.sir aapse mostly request he please is topic par dyan de gutca,tobaco,bidi,sigrate etc. ko totally ban kar dena chaea isse aane bale tax ko na dekte huye iske hanikarak parinam dekne chaea above 40% people isse parbabit he. aam janta ko isse hone bali paresani ko dekna chaea.

0 0 Reverend Sir,
The students should-
a) Drop the pseudo fear perception of exam.
b) Take it as a  way of not competing with other but putting best of own.
c) The assimilated knowledge to be practiced with practical application
d) Don't run after percentage run for practical skill with application and cause.
Regards
Dr.Vijit

0 0 Face examination sincerely & truthfully by a candidate is most important.Some commit various malpractices to get top position in Rank List. They forget difficulties & expectations of those who face it with actual spirit of competition. They are not capable of doing malpractices. Some get recommendations of influential persons to get top ranks. Some can topped by paying huge donations. Here the poor and truthful are neglected. Hon’ble PM may kindly look into this.

0 0 Honorable PM,
I Think that Education system has became much competitive, where it should be more productive. I think almost all teachers forces students to focus on marks rather then knowledge. Don't you think if every student passes with good marks, but not having "Practical" or "Technical" knowledge in his/her field is leading to unemployment. There every high time now to plan a effective and strong initiative that can encourage students that exams are not just marks point of view,

1 0 Education must be joyful . Physical education must be included strongly in syllabus. Self defense training for every girl students compulsory part of the education system. Games like swimming, running, Gymnastics and many more must be part of the education.

0 0 In an examination there is nothing to be scared of the failures. There’s more to life than ‘A’ grades.
Sometimes the students get so strained that they get to take their own lives.
This is a sad reality for many young people. Many students struggle with these extreme pressures and might be looking for a way out.
Girls particularly tend to have issues with perfectionism, where they aim for the highest grades and they often do tell themselves that the ‘Grade B’ is not that good enough.

0 0 Exam, a time when kids belong to aeverage earning family starts feeling depressed. They think about their result but most important they think about the reaction of their parents if result won't come good. The income of their parents starts dancing in front of the eye of the kids. Its the condition and we can't overcome with this yet. The Best thing to do good in EXAM is "Give your 100% and if then also result won't be good then don't worry, May be you are made for some another great field".

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
Checking or the evaluation in the CBSE 12 the boards is done in a rather reckless and careless manner and it can be clearly seen through the answer sheets that I procured from the board .. I have repeatedly requested at pm portal but no solution has come yet.Few students who wrote complete and clear answers got lesser marks and  those students who left their answer sheets incomplete were graced full marks in the name of moderation.Moreover CBSEis stopping revaluation

0 0 sir i will not blame on our system but i think our system can do more and more better if we will give chance to those who are deserving.I am trying to say you please do a survey to improve our primary and higher secondary level education system.Because inindia mostly 80 percent people or youth does not know what to do after their graduation its truth sir.I request to you make a plan to teach the students from their secondary stage .So they can improve their skills, in which they are perfect.

0 0 Its about a different type of examination conducted by the organization I work for, for confirmation and promotion.An internal examination conducted by IBPS where due to technical error two girls'career is destroyed and they are being defamed. There is no scope of review,no transparency in the system and though the examinee being sure of an exemplary examination,given the organization is at fault,there is no proper judgement.Please enlighten on why such organizations get right to be autocratic.

0 0 Hon’ble PM, of late ICSE Class X board exam aspirants are carrying a fear factor that your HRD ministry is having concern with CISCE's rules & regulations and scoring system whereas they don't have any problem with CBSE or State board. That has caused big concerns among them that Modi Gov will do surgical strike on CISCE placing ICSE students’ life and career in jeopardy. We request you to address this matter in your Maan Ki Baat.

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Narendra Modiji
  Myself:UGC Emeritus Professor Dept of Microbiology Savitribai Phule Pune University
Ph.D IISC Bangalore
M.Sc M S University Baroda
I share following thoughts:In my opinion our University education should produce "Thinkers"; and therefore examinations should search for such THINKERS.Present examinations  are largely based upon "memorize and reproduce" . Open book examinations, problem Solving questions should be better options.

0 0 1)Apet SUBJECT = which will help the pupil in life/KNOWLEDGE ON FACTS in contact TILL class3
2)Exam on Regional Language-PRIMARY ( One paper compulsory FOR CBSE/ICSE syllabus)
3)SUBJECT DISTRIBUION-Accoundable ACCORDING TO Age GROUP
4)OMR & ORAL TEST IN primary CLASSES,
5)PRACTICAL TEST model/working models in EVS/SOCIAL SCIENCE.
6)MATHS EXAM = PRACTICAL MEDIUM( SELECT/CREATE/SHOPPING IN SCHOOL)
7)IT/SUPW/CCA work shops - (USE SUBJECT-Curriculam -DEVELOPMENT)

0 0 sir our prime minister mr. narendra modijii, i appreciate if you support words to our students, that do not use mobiles frequently and be active in studies more than mobile....

0 0 The technical education is lacking employability skills in the technical universities in India. this is creating "half-baked" students. Also the internal marking of 30 marks is actually damaging the essence of the examination. Similarly 45% in physics chemistry and maths should not make a student eligible for a prime course like engineering. We are actually creating "so called engineers" but not the actual ones. Immediate change in this regard is required

0 0 Mr PM
I am a doctor and have commenced a long academic journey and faced lot of issues and many ideas keep coming in my mind to improve the condition of our students. I want to just say that before suggesting any radical ideas we should first create an environment for study. I live in Capital of India and very stunned to see the level of noise pollution due to our people's fake celebrations of marriage, religious functions etc. despite of strict laws in place. Please put a check on these first.

0 0 Exam season is typically seen with nervous/anxious students. I plead you, my PM to give practical suggestions to the students to cope with the stress. Following are few from my experience.
1. Fear/ uncertainty about the question paper or results before writing the exam is USELESS, BASELESS and COUNTERPRODUCTIVE.
2. Answer the question to the point and DO NOT beat around the bush until you absolutely have no idea about the answer.
3. Rest assured of the marks you deserve if you keep your calm

0 0 Sir I feel very sorry to say tht our edu.system is manufacturing mere mug up machines & minds which r in competent.We must lay emphasis on making able and competent students that can only b done if th system adopts a way much similar 2 those of some foreign counterparts that stresses on developing mentally & physically in capability rather then creating frustration among the students by loading them wth more compact bt non-ameliorative syllabus with lesson of showing maturity on sensitive issues

0 0 for all teachers and student,s everyone must read bhartiya shiksha ke mool tatva and prachin siksha paddhati written by lajjaram tomar, also 18vi shatabdi main bhartiya shiksha by dharampal, your eyes will open after reading these books

0 0 First of all , students must have to become practical and try to gain knowledge practically and not only theoritically. It is also important to grasp some portion of theory but actual idea have to develop and for preparing for the exams students have to read reference books day by day as per their classes and for the maths all not have to only read numerical this is not way to prepare for maths solve maximum numerical and try to find simple way to solve same as other subject read and try to writ

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir,
In our country, examinations are very trying times for everyone, the teachers, school principal, parents and of course the children. The competition to score is cut throat. In these times, I came across an outstanding letter written by one of the school principals to the parents(attached). We are living in times of great opportunity for all children as long as they are great at whatever they do. #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 Dear Students,
All the best for your exams,hope that youn will come in flying colours!As I am aware that you have burnt your midnight oil for nothing!
But please,please remember one thing you are precious to your dear parents and to our great country!By any chance if you fail do not attempt any harsh steps which will be a very very unfortunate for your parents as well as our great country.Ignore the comments passed by the relatives,neighbours.

0 0 Mr.Modiji
I have only one submission.  Please constitute some Law where by no declared examination schedule is changed for any reasons. Once the schedule is changed students will loose the interest to study the same.  As a parent I have seen  this.  This happens may times due to Different types of strike, usually political. Hope you will look into this.

0 0 Respected sir
 Myself Dinesh kumar . I am a diploma apprentice trainee at hal.My stipend is rs-3500/ . please do something for all diploma trainee apprentice student for their needs a respected stipends money.thanks a lot.

1 0 sir , the real  talents  of  youngsters  are hidden  because  students  who appear  in  the  exams are  frustrated  ,with  the  fake  means  are  being utilized to  gain  extraordinary  position ,by  those  students  who  do  not  deserve  ,hence some  reforms  are  required in the  exam  system ,

0 0 As a parent,I am of the opinion that never insist child unhealthy competition,unwanted comparison with other children. Give confidence and support at the time of exam.Systematic training, attempt on sample questions, combined study etc helps them much. A short break while study time is advisable and nourish brain. Healthy food like fruits, nuts etcshould be given to them.Prayer gives confidence and relax the mind.

0 0 Respected sir ,first of all I want to thank you so much for your last year talk for students who are appearing for exams .being a student ,your words help me alot . I could gave exam as a chance to examine my knowledge which I got throughout the semester.
Sir ,the education system of our country is completely theoritical, we don't get enough practical knowledge.
Also, I feel that the main problem of students is that they don't know the purpose of subjects they are studying.  Please look into.

0 0 Hi PM, My Suggestion to the students is they have to understand the logics rather than byhearting the answers. Also they should do the group study to have a discussion so that they remember well for the examination. Teachers should arrange these facilities during the class hours to make the students confident for the exam.
I really appreciate if you consider the educational fee standardization across the country

1 0 ‘Mann Ki Baat’ for students
Since, this is Exam time means a very crucial phase of a student's life as the result will determine the destiny and future path of his life. But, the most important thing which matters is that "Hard Work always pays." & Education doesn't merely implies marks or grades. True Education is something which stays with us always and need not be revised again & again. The Knowledge & the Values we imbibe in ourselves make us educated. So, work hard & value time.

0 0 We have to keep on looking for that extra only then we will have a wide ranging views on that subjects which will open new dimensions.Exploration of knowlege in every subject should be the theme of education.

0 0 All the students should concentrate more on the knowledge aspects rather then on the marks aspect. The difficulty with our system is that we are too depended on the marks based aspects. Gathering knowledge should be the criteria. Don't believe everything that is written on the books, anlyze them and try to find the answers. You should draw a cleare line regarding a subject as to how much is needed for getting good marks in the examination but that does not end here. knowledge has to continue.

0 0 Personally I feel that if God has created us equal then we should not encourage reservation in system - jobs , admission. While reserving seats on the basis of caste we are snatching away the opportunity from deserving candidates.

0 0 Hello sir.. I think girls ke liye self defence sikhna is very important and sabhi ko har State me compulsory provide krna chahiye jo ki affordable ho. Aur ek kadam swachhta ki aur bdhane ke liye polluter pay principle applicable krna chahiye.. Thank you Sir for giving this  opportunity.

0 0 Hello Mr. Prime Minister !! Only you can convince all the parents , teachers and students of this generation that Hard work is the essence of everything and only when you love what you do,you can put your 200%. Also, our society needs to change the way to look at Failures. If you fail in one exam does not mean you are good for nothing. Be brave to face the failures. See the bright side and learning from the failure.

1 0 ‘Mann Ki Baat’
Since, this is Exam time means a very crucial phase of a student's life as the result will determine the destiny and future path of his life. But, the most important thing which matters is that "Hard Work always pays." & Education doesn't merely implies marks or grades. True Education is something which stays with us always and need not be revised again & again. The Knowledge & the Values we imbibe in ourselves make us educated. So, work hard & respect time.

0 1 I'm sorry to tell u but I just wanna inform u that our 2nd te4m examd r from 9 to 18 of March. So due to dis we can't enjoy holi properly. Can u do something!!!!!!@

0 0 MY POINT IS A BIT OFF TOPIC BUT DUE TO INCREASING NUMBER OF ROAD RAGE INCIDENTS IN DELHI/NCR, I WOULD LIKE PM TO URGE PEOPLE NOT TO FIGHT IN CASE OF ROAD ACCIDENT RATHER HAVE THEIR VEHICLE REPAIRED WITH THE HELP OF ZERO DEBT INSURANCE. THANKS

0 0 India is living on villages. When any body thinks about a revamp in education system in India, it should be aimed the overall improvement of system in villages and rural areas where most of the children is going to Govt or aided school. Sir, as a parent, I would like to say our teachers have to improve a lot, updating themselves with modern teaching techniques, providing children a comfortable and fearless atmosphere, not only to read and write but learn to grow healthy, responsible citizens.

0 0 Never to panic relax relax and relax sleep well n to follow a fixed routine  while in routine body ,mind n soul everything should be in studies. This is also applicable for me as I am a twelthie of CHSE board Odiasha . Good luck 2 all my fellow students n juniors.

0 0 Namaste Modi ji
Children must be taught to pray and invoke the blessings of Supreme before any task. Be it exams or anything else.Unless parents and teachers become role models. So our education system should be redesigned to engage teachers and parents too.This means enablement and training programs for them too.  Pls remove this Macaulay system and introduce elements of Gurukul system with faith in God. Whatever the individual's religion.
Pls save our system from mindless Westernization

0 0 Teacher's knowledge need to review every 7 years, the world is changing rapidly and students should be given latest information. Most of teachers doesn't even know how android/internet works and they are preparing next generation..
Education system should contain practical practice like soil testing in geography. Students should be thought qualities not quantities..
STOP ADVERTISING DO SOMETHING MR. MODI YOUR ARE PM NOW DON'T BEHAVE AS IF YOU ARE LEADING ELECTORIAL CAMPAIGN..Jai Hind.

0 0 Republic Day Greetings,
To all those appearing for the board exams- my sincere wishes for you to get through this stressful time successfully.
Parents should ensure the child is eating well. leave dry fruit/ chocolates etc close to the study table. Ensure they aren't disturbed, that the room is warm etc. Don't expect them to be polite and pleasant. They are very stressed and need a little humour. I put up a notice saying "Baby on Board" on my younger son's door during his boards. He loved it

0 0 Sir if you are doing election companion in UP state please make a big issue,related to recruitment by interview.Please stop interview in recruitment in UP.

0 0 Annual exam system instead of semester exam system. Salary scale followed according to government rules. Teachers should concentrate only on academic work than clerical work. Separate clerical staff should appointed. Management should not call teachers for their management or community work.  Cashless transaction should be strictly followed from school level. Teachers are the transformers of new citizens. So basic facilities should be provided to teachers. Thank you for providing opportunity.

0 0 Dear Sir
Being a teacher i suggest to students that preparing exam collected materials on doing focus and see last years papers and compare their self how much i have prepare exam related content and take self test and check by self.Thus confidence create.If any student doing continuous study during exam time please stop this type of study.Give few few hours of study and make a study chart that create attraction towards your subject value.

0 0 respected sir,
i am manas das, a student preparing for the upcoming medical entrance examinations.the present introduction of NEET is an extremely positive step to clean up corruption in the the field of medicine.
but sir, even then some colleges charge exorbitant fees of upto 21lacs per annum and 18 lacs per annum etc..in the name of fees in chennai. sir, it would be useful if the government fixed a particular fee range for a particular standard of college.
if done,medical line willbeprfect.

2 0 Syllabus is totally outputless outdated it's very urgent to change it completely
Design it centralized basis
Take immediate step to make future employees and entrepreneurs
ITS VERY VERY VERYYYYYYYYY  URGENT.
IT IS WASTE OF TIME OF ALL youngsters

0 0 Stop issuing Mobile Sims to Male under 18 years. So that they can concentrate on studies. Female under 18 years to be allowed for safety reasons.

1 1 SIR,First of all I would like to express my happiness on the digital initiatives which are taken by your government.
Just like the Sukanya Samriddhi scheme which is targeted to benefit the girl child, I have thought of something for the benefit of those aged parents, the Indian Citizens who are dependent on the children during the old age.
Please find below post for idea

0 0 Dear PMji,
happy to know that you have planned a mann ki baat. I request you to discuss with the students about their plan to create bright career. They should from day 1 of their degree/diploma.
Respecting Parents and Teachers is a big concern in today's education era. Advanced learning can be done by some online course. Availability of good talent in teaching field in private colleges is very less. WE need to work hard to bring this up. Private Colleges are misusing the guidelines by UGC.

0 0 Respected sir ...
Manniy modi sahab ji aap plies desh seay contract or in source out source system band kardijiya or contract bes par pament bhi time pey nahi milta sir please aap is bareme thodasa shochiye

1 0 SIR,Every month I send an amount(Rupees 5000) to my parents as my father is a farmer, and needs some financial support from me for their living expenses.
My Idea is:
What I would suggest the Government is to devise a plan/scheme to make the amount an Indian Citizen sends to his dependent parents “Tax-Free”. There could be an upper limit imposed on this, say Rupees 50000 per year.
Can you please spare your valuable time for few minutes,so that i can present you the clear picture of this.

1 0 Respected Prime Minister of India
I am approaching 70 and I have been a guest faculty in one of reputed Educational Institute in Delhi (under MHR), teaching at Post Graduate level for over 25 years. I have found that most teachers crave for regular jobs but rarely able to motivate young minds. If my teaching can not motivate at least 10 to 15% students, in my opinion I fail as a teacher.
I have found that the system does not realise value of research as motivation tool. Subir Paul

1 0 In respect to Mann Ki Baat January 2017, Hon. PM always encourage the students and youngsters for facing examination, I want to suggest that, students should be confident and couragious to face the examination, though, there is merit selection is important in job, but, student can be enterprinious by telants, where, physical confidence and telant is more important than marks, merit or numbers, thus, all the students have made complete preparation and repeatation for examination, best wishes

0 0 Dear Mr. PM,
As per research and analysis, average number of employable graduates is just around 22%
I am sure we all believe every child is gifted with some skill.
If every child is gifted with skill then why only 22% of them are found to be employable after degree education?
I ascertained our education system needs to be revamped at big scale but starting at root level i.e school
We need to find out what skill does the child posses through analytics.. more in the pdf

0 0 Exams are important not because they decide your future but because they help you to be successful in future. Plan your day, eat healthy, sleep well. Dedicate some of your time from your daily schedule physical activities like going for a walk, cycling or jogging. Keep your mind fresh. Try to understand the concept rather than memorizing the exact same answers. Read lessons like a story and try to imagine it like a short movie. It helps. Do not study hard on the exam day. All the best

0 0 Respected sir ...
Manniy modi sahab ji aap plies desh seay contract or in source out source system band kardijiya or contract bes par pament bhi time pey nahi milta sir please aap is bareme thodasa shochiye

0 0 Sir...Lok sabha or vidhan sabha ke election ek sath krya jye..jise ki  kharch me kmi lyi ja sake or time bhi km khrb ho..

0 0 Sir I am mothukuri swathi from AKRG colleg@Nalljerla
According to me the main reason for students not getting good results in exam is their tension.So every one should be feel tension free not only for exams but for every action we are doing.In tension our mind should not work properly so we can't write exam well.when we don't feel tension if we have full grip on subject but now a days no one showing interest to study because every one addicting to bad things mainly love ,smoking and drinking.

2 0 With the help of video conferencing central team of skill development may deliver lecture, demonstrate online to all colleges and schools. Less expense high impact mass audience less time speedy transforming process of skill development may possible
Think about it

0 0 Sir, In my student days one of the favourite questions for essay writing was Cow. As usual our teacher dictated an essay on Cow in the class. All that we were expected to do was to learn it by heart and produce it in the exam hall. Unfortunately that particular year the question for essay was on coconut tree. A clever student while writing the answer wrote all about cow but added one sentence at the end - "The Cow is tied to the coconut tree". Of course the title was changed to Coconut Tree

0 0 Dear Gov,
Boost interest in all the students with high motivation appearing for Exams & taking next steps in life because they grow up faster as compare to old times students i seen many students not finding their life interesting & take wrong steps.

0 0 Sir...Coaching classes ko band kiya jye..jise  ki school me hi ache se tracher bacho pe dhyan de..na ki apni coaching calasses me bulane ke liye thk se na padye..recruitment  teachers ka  jyada kiya jye...jise ki sbhi bacho pe paryapt teacher ho..

1 0 along with his blessing, PM must share his experience to handle such a crucial moments. As I know most of the student require motivation and some time technique to manage last minute pressure.

0 0 Sir I'm B.Tech passed but not getting a job . Pls look towards employing the youths for better future. This problem is due to decreasing standard of Higher education , no. of colleges are large but quality of education is not given in them. This is the reason that 70% of educated people r not good for jobs. So I request u to improve this condition and work towards employing the youth. Jai Hind

1 0 1. Basic education to be made free to all children till the 12th standard. Irrespective of male or female. Mistry of Primary Education if formed, will bring more focus. (Higher education should not be discounted and students should be encouraged to take student loan)
2. Government to ensure good quality of teachers who take education seriously as a professiona. Quality of teachers to be enhanced..Salaries to be made attractive
3. Compulsory Military Training to all after 12th

1 0 Syllabus designing must be on centralized basis
One subject one syllabus throughout the India
Interdisciplinery education facility must be there in all univeraities
Offer commerce subjects from 9 th std.
Convert traditional colleges into skl development centers means existing educational mechanism can be properly used. No huge new investment will require to establish new skill development center
Syllabus must be at least 50 % practical based

0 0 Respected prmime minister, 70% should be practical work and 30% should be theory. due to this our mind will grow fast innovative. doing this we can make our INDIA as Developed INDIA. Thank you

2 0 At least ensure minimum wages to non granted Professors
Empty stomach : No quality teaching

0 0 Respected Sir. I would like to share an unfortunate incident with you. Last year a XII class student of our colony fractured his right hand a few days before the commencement of his XII class board exams. According to the rules, in such cases application for a helper can be submitted only before a given number of days, but since the fracture had taken place closer to the commencement of the exams he could not apply for a helper and had to repeat the year. Sir, I suggest empathy in such cases.

1 0 Centralized recruitment of teachers and Professors to curb corruptions involved in the process

0 0 Respected PM sir,
You are especially much concerned regarding the development of women & girls in society.As of now, there is no preference anywhere in the educational,professional or social system where due weightage is given to SINGLE GIRL CHILD.Therefore, this is an earnest request to look into this to add some special weightage to the single girl child for admission into professional degree courses after passing 12th board exams.

0 0 Mera name Neelesh patel he.
ME MP KE SAGAR DISTRICT KA RAHNE WALA HOO.
MUJHE LAGTA HE OR ME MANTA HOO KI BAHUT HI ACCHI GOVT MIL GAI HE HAR CHETRA ME WARK KAR RAHI HE JISME SE EK HE ROJGAR BUT ME MODI JEE SE EK HI BAT KAHNA CHAHOONGA KI MODI JEE HAMARE DESH ME BAHUT HI JYADA BEROJGARI BADI HUI HE JO EK SABSE BADI SAMASYA HE. BEROJGARI KO EK BE ROJGAR AADMI SE JYADA KOI NAHI SAMAJH SAKTA. SABHI BAS STEND OR STETIONS PAR KAI BEROJGAR DEKHNE KO MILTE HE. THANK KING YOU SIR

0 0 Anecdote:- When I was a student in the high school many students failed in their English exams. Our superstitious teacher had a simple explanation for this. The students started learning English by repeating C for cat and cat is an inauspicious thing to start with.

0 0 Sir
As my brother is also appearing in 12th class exam helding on march, but i feel afraid as seeing him just doing wrote learning all the wat long and not paying attention towards the practical usage of the concept and understanding its working. I asked him to understand things, Then he replied that after 12th colleges consider students on the basis of percentages and cutoff,s and not on what i know or ought to know. So i request you sir please emphasize upon learning rather then rote learnin

0 0 Sir, I am a 10th class student from Telangana, we recently had a project on sustainable society so I thought my idea would be helpful. This is a compressed version of my project.

0 0 Respected PM sir,
My pleasure to provide u with few suggestions as parents of 12th board examinee.This exam especially keeps the parents & the student under immense pressure due to traditional(non-semester)system.Thus,questions 4 12th board exam needs to be more of DIRECT type and of most common nature.
The schools must allow enough preparation time(min. 2 months) 4 the students.
Working mothers should be allowed CHILD CARE LEAVE & EARNED LEAVE duly by the employer 4 the 12th board exams.

0 0 Dear Gov,
Kindly ban Alcohols,Gutka',Cigrate  in Chattisgarh .Many students addicted to these activities in journey & crime increased to beti kaise bachegi? but local Gov not taking this issue seriously because it is there own business. Local Gov must install  Alcohols shops in every 1 km only in Raipur.

0 0 sir,
They must prepare from day one so that it is very easy to get maximum marks, Parents should have their equal responsibility with teachers, Parents should encourage their children in all respects. And acknowledging their efforts   so that they will perform well

0 0 1.Semester system for 12th board required.
2.Evaluation of exam papers to be done by experienced teachers.Evaluation to be done properly i.e.no vague evaluation should be done.
3.Re-evaluation/rechecking of exam papers to be entertained necessarily i.e.provision for rechecking where required.
4.12th CBSE board syllabus in Biology&English to be revised i.e.few irrelevant chapters like details of biotechnology/ecosystem & notemaking in english to be removed.
5.Preference 4 single girl child

0 0 Dear Sir, I wish to draw your kind attention towards the discrepancy of time table of CBSE board exam and jee mains exam. The gap between the two is of only 6-7 days this year bcoz of elections in 5 states. As u may be aware that last year more than 80 students committed sucide in Kota itself. Still board has made the timetable with narrow gap. we request you to kindly look into this matter seriously.

1 0 Sir ED packers working in India are living in very poor situation. Even after 38 years of govt job as an ED Packer get very less salary which is not enough to satisfy their livelihoods. And at other hand ather govt. employees enjoy higher salary and benefits attached to govt job. But ED Packers r not getting any benefit of govt job. Why Sir? Is it their fault that they r serving govt dedicatedly for more than 38 years. WHY DISCRIMINATION SIR.AT LEAST MODIJI YOU SHOULD BRIRG ACCHE DIN FOR THEM

0 0 Respected Sir,
To get good marks in exam and to achieve a landmark in future based on what a student has learned during study time in depth analysis of each subject is mandatory. For this the student has to devote proper time in study on a daily basis and should ask questions to teachers till proper understanding. Parents should also atleast support their children so that their children can also give them an opportunity to feel proud. Proper guidance of parents is also necessary.

0 0 My experience regarding exams is very positive. I face exams as a battlefield of checking how much I have accomplished in the given time frame and whether I'm eligible for afterward challenges. I've also seen that students are studying to earn in life but they have to learn from life. As Bhagavad Geeta teaches us not to "Go Through Life" but to "GROW through Life"
There is a small difference between Earning and Learning and that is the Letter L which means Listening.
Students must focus on it

0 0 Namaste Prime minister sir,
(Subject- Regarding irregularities in conduct of NEET PG )
I am writing this to you, as I am a law abiding citizen of this country and i believe in you and everyones dream of corruption free india.
This is specific request regarding huge irregularities in conduct of NEET PG. Under the guidance of hon'ble Supreme Court, this year NEET PG conducted by Prometric.
Sir,Please formulate a committee to look SAME DAY SAME SESSION NEET PG and DNB exam

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
Board exams are perceived as a big event in life,more by parents.So my thoughts about preparing is for parents rather than students...
As parents,we should be1)supporting children in their studies.2) with them all through (if the child wants..some may not want!)3) not pressurising them4)focussing on their positives and not negatives 5)using encouraging words 6) appreciating them for their small acheivements.6) acknowledging their efforts.It works with medicine students also!

0 0 Respected sir,
I believe that students must prepare for their exams well but the aim must not be only to secure good marks. Marks in exam matter but it is not the last thing in life. Knowledge should be gained and one must know what he can do in life. Never make good marks an end in itself. May be you get good marks in exam but fail in life and vice versa. At any cost don't fail in life. And failing in exam don't mean failure in life. If students understand this suicides will never happen.

1 0 Ed packers working in all post offices in India are govt employees but they are treated as extra Dept. employees that's why they r not getting any benefit of govt. Job. They get salary only RS 10000 PM approximately even after 38 year dedicated govt job as an ED packed and will get retired shortly. No pension, no govt job benefits given yet by any previous govt. Now they expecting that MODIJI WILL DEFINITELY DO SOMETHING FOR THEM PLZ DONT DISAPPOINT THEM PLZ DO SOMETHING PEOPLE GETTING RETIRED.

0 0 As exam time is approaching students are juggling between school & tuition classes.
In ancient time there were gurukul infrastructure for education.
In gurukul there was practical education with theory.And talent was identified by guru in his disciples at very early stage and accordingly he was given training in the concerned discipline and was given a chance to excel in the same.Nowadays in India during exams parents are in most tension than the ward.Parents also put lot of pressure to excel.

0 0 good...........

1 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir
Again as a parent and with the intention of making life simple for them instead of judging them in tight circumstances, I want to know why have JEE entrance just 5 days after 12th boards when the syllabus of 11th and 12th is required for JEE? Either only 12th syllabus should be asked or students given atleast 15 days to revise last year's course. Why should life be made to appear so tough for these young kids at the age of 17 or 18?

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी,मेरा विनम्र सुझाव है कि शिक्षा के महान उद्देश्य और लक्ष्य को प्राप्त करने के लिए देशकी परिस्थितियों,आदर्शों व मूल्योंके अनुसार शिक्षा-परीक्षा नीति में बदलाव होने चाहिए न कि विदेशों की शिक्षा व परीक्षा नीतियों का अन्धानुकरण. बच्चों की नैसर्गिक योग्यता व कुशलता का विकास सुनिश्चित करते हुए देश में समान शिक्षा व्यवस्था और अपनी भाषाओँ में प्रारंभिक शिक्षा देना ज़रूरी है.इसे वैज्ञानिक व शिक्षा शास्त्री भी आवश्यक मानते हैं बच्चों में रचनात्मकता,वैज्ञानिक दृष्टिकोण का विकास के लिए.

1 0 Respected Sir
E D packers working in post offices in India get very less salaries and all previous governments had not done yet anything for them. I know one person working in post office as an ED Paker since 15/03/1979. Means from 38 years he is working and shorty will retire from his duty, but still he get salary RS. 10000p.m. only and no provision of pension and doesn't have any facility as all other govt. Employees have Just because they r treated as extra Dept. Employees.why discremination

1 0 देश के प्रधान सेवक को कनिष्ठ सेवक का प्रणाम
सैनिकों के साथ बुरा  व्यवहार देखकर सभी व्यथित हैं।  उनको भी शिकायत का अधिकार है और वो शिकायत करते हैं तो उन पर कार्रवाई क्यों की जाती है ?  इस सवाल से सभी दो-चार हो रहे हैं। इस पर विचार व्यक्त करें।

0 0 Prepare Exam : short Tips
1.Preparation of mind
2.Time Management
3.Priority of the subject
4.Read Old question paper
5.Create Short Note
6.Writing Practice
7.health care
8.Preparation of Previous day
9. your Success – Your Prepare Exam
see more... http://hindihelpguru.com/prepare-exam-hindi-10-study-tips/

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir,
2 things I want to point out as a parent. Firstly when all professional studies and now some graduations too are dependent upon entrance exams after 12th, then what are we preparing our children for by subjecting them to such vigorous boards in class 12. Why not prepare them for entrance exams only. ALSO we want them to appear in boards at a tender age in class 10th also now. When in graduation there is 6 month semester then why boards with full year syllabus?

0 0 I am a student of Engineering college in Indore.My Research Paper is selected for an International Conference in Toronto,Canada regarding which i need travel grant.i reached Government forums but was given a very long procedure to which i applied but no revert came.My conference is on 28th March 2017.I belong to a middle class family who has an education loan.Please provide help for a bright future of an Indian girl.I believe my voice will be heard.Don't let this faith fade away.

0 0 सर नमस्कार मैं एक अध्यापक हूँ और छात्रों को आपके माध्यम से एक संदेश देना चाहूंगा। इस समय आप 3 P पर काम करना चाहिए। पहला P यानि know ur Potential अपनी क्षमता को पहचाना
दूसरा P यानि क्षमता को जान कर power के साथ काम करना अपनी अंदर की ताकत power को पूरी तरह प्रयोग करना
और तीसरा P यानि patience ये बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है खूब मेहनत करके भी जब एग्जाम के समय छात्र धैर्य खो देते है तो परिणाम की चिंता होती है और छात्र खुदखुशी जैसे गलत कदम को उठा लेते हैं
अंत में एक P और मिलता है बेहतर Pपरिणाम #Air #pmo

0 0 One advice: Don't study on the day of exam. It won't help but only increases the pressure. Do your best!

0 0 Education in India is percentage driven. Students need to assure themselves that to become successful professional ,a bright student , they need to apply the skills & learning more than just getting a high percentage. For eg Satya Nadella who heads Google is from Meenakshi College of engineering , not from IIT. But he applied his knowledge worked hard , to the best of his abilities.The goal of a student must be to Emphasise on learning and application more than percentage.They will fly high.

0 0 वैज्ञानिक दृष्टिकोण रखते हुए अर्थात कब,क्यों,कहाँ,कैसे,कौन आदि प्रश्नों के साथ विषयों का अध्ययनकरें,विषयों को  बार-बारदोहराएँ,गलतियों को सुधारें,उचित पर्याप्त विश्राम,संतुलित आहार व खेलने के समय में संतुलन रखें,ध्यान व योग परीक्षा सम्बन्धी भय व उत्तेजना को कम करते है.माता-पिता का प्यार और सहयोग, शिक्षकों का सही मार्ग दर्शन सफलता की ओर ले जायेगा.ट्यूशन में समय बर्बाद न करते हुए विश्वासपूर्वक स्वाध्याय सफलता की गारंटी है.अध्ययन सम्बन्धी बुनियादी कुशलता हासिल करें, सफलता निश्चित है.

0 0 i think pm should mention about the importance of meditation yoga and pranayam for students to reduce exam stress

0 0 Sir,
   Please help a students by increasing scholarships. Please spread a knowloedge about different scholarships. We dont have clear knowledge about scholarships. Please consider a scholarships according to their annual income not from their caste. And please clear our study loans from your budget sir. Please. Jai hind.

0 0 Sir, Schools should be directed to finish the portion one month in advance. Model question papers should be mandatorily provided. Portion should be given at the beginning of the year. All sports and cultural events should be scheduled in the beginning of the academic year or after the final exams. Participation in events should be at will and capabilities. Enough study and practise materials should be provided in beginning of the academic year. Various options be provided forin coaching sports.

0 0 FIRSTLY, THE STUDENTS SHALL BE NOT SCARED OF EXAM, THE PARENTS SHALL NOT PRESSURIZE THEM OF GETTING N% OF MARKS BY LOOKING AT THE OTHERS AS WE HAVE TO ADMIT THAT THERE ARE MANY CATEGORIES OF STUDENTS SO COMPARISON IS WORTHLESS. SECONDLY,THE STUDENTS SHALL NOT TAKE EXTRA PRESSURE, HYPERTENSION,ETC FOR THE EXAM, IT'S EASY TO SAY THAN TO BE DONE AS IN MY TIME ALSO I TOOK THE SAME BUT LOOKING THE MODERN ERA IT'S NOT WORTHY. THIRDLY, THEY WILL HAVE BE REGULAR,ATTENTIVE TO STUDY WHAT TIME SPENT, YOGA

0 0 शिक्षा केप्रारंभ में ही बच्चों में परीक्षा के प्रति डर उत्तेजना को रोकने की हर कोशिश करना माता-पिता और शिक्षकों का प्रथम दायित्त्वहै.बच्चों को सिखाना चाहिए कि परीक्षा पुस्तकीय ज्ञान की कसौटी नहीं बल्कि सफलता के लिए की गई तैयारियों की जाँच-पड़ताल करती हैं.परीक्षा माध्यम है लक्ष्य नहीं.अनुशासित नियमित रह कर धैर्य व लगन से परिश्रम करते हुए अध्ययन करना चाहिए.विषय को कुशलतापूर्वक और रचनात्मक तरीके से प्रस्तुत करना भी सफलता का अंग है.सुन्दर लिखावट स्पष्ट और तार्किक ढंग से उचित भाषा में प्रस्तुत करें.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir
Education system has to be revamped. Teachers condition (knowledge)in government school is very poor because of appointment without competition or through bribe. Further they are also assigned various task which is also a major issue. All the competitive & board exam are also affected due to corruption and bribe. Private educational institutions should have a cap on the maximum fees duly approved by the government.

0 0 good evning mr prime minister
mai sabhi students k liye sirf ek hi baat kahna cahuga k safalata sirf teen cheejo se hi milti hai aur wo hai 1-hardwork and 2-hardwork and 3-hardwork.iske  alava kuch nahi..thank you.

0 0 Sir,
The change that would be a game changer...

0 0 Respected Shri Narendra Modiji
You set out to bring a big change in our economy and even education in India very desperately needs a change. There is actually no learning happening.
My kids are in 8th &6th std. Today they got time table & portion for final exam, which are schedule to begin from 16th Feb. Sir, with almost 40 to 50% portion yet to be finished in the school, where is time for a child to understand the concept? They are also burdanised with project and book completion. Learning?

0 0 There should be dedicated engineering colleges for nuclear power plants engineering.There should also be sports management colleges for sportspersons who retire from active sport at national and state level to manage our sports bodies.

0 0 Sir,
According to me students should think you are starting your day with expectations & ending it it with some experience.
he should also think study is the most easiest work in the world
he should start his study by having 5 minutes
meditation
he can start his meditation by listening to the sounds in his rooms this'll improve concentration.
the best day for students is when the exams get over
and during the 6-7th class students think
"yaar ye padayi bnayi kisne hai"

0 0 Sir- Can we introduce Gurukula system & Vedic maths mandatorily in all boards : this would reduce the stress levels especially to learn tables / or even help the kids at the Board exams...
Also request you to kindly consider if grades for small tests can be considered till Grade 5 in CBSE schools to develop some focus for students. At present, there are no exams which is good. but we need a feedback system to check u understanding apart from summative and formative assessments. Thank you sir.

0 0 Private tuition is to be regulated. all the teachers providing tuition in class or individual should give receipt which can be produced as income tax evidence. Tax authority will also know thei their income. Huge black money generated from education sector. All backdoor entry to professional course like doctor ,engineer ,lawyer etc should be banned . All admission through examination and fee charged should same for all in that college . In that case only good college will survive .

0 0 congratulations
सर्वात प्रथम विद्यार्थीना समजून घेतलेपाहिजे. त्यांना कशात आवड आहे त्याचे ध्येय काय ते काय करु शकतात पालकांनी मुलांना निट समजून घेतले पाहिजे त्यांच्या आवडीप्रमाणे करून दिले पाहिजे त्यांना प्रोत्साहन दिले पाहिजे सर्वच सारखे नसतात प्रत्येकात काहीनाकाही वेगळा गुण असतो ते आपण समजून घेतले पाहिजे. विद्यार्थीनी त्याच्या ध्येयाला चिटकून आसले पाहिजे

0 0 1) Go te sleep early and wake up early 2) Study in the morning all the way to noon - about 5-6 hours in a quiet place with no distractions 3) Do all hobby or sports classes 4) Eat and drink nourishing items 5) The day before the exam - take off; go out and enjoy - but within limits 6) Most importantly, help your mind stay focussed and able to concentrate by meditating or saying prayers in the morning before studying and before going to bed.

0 0 Education system has to be revamped. Though we study about various subjects , there is no focus on how to develop individuals natural talents other wise what is their natural taste. Some are born to become painters, singers, athletes , scientists thinkers etc. Now I don't know how we address this issue. But I know if we don't address this issue, india might turn out to be just cheap labour producing country. Kids are being overloaded and hence are denied SELFTIME to develop ones natural intincts

0 0 Namaste sir,I am shivanshu Bansal from kurukshetra.sir Many of the students appeared in Board exams & competitive exams every year & to performed well both parents and teachers pressurized students above the limit. Some parents send their Wards to KOTA  hub for the preparation of engineering competitive exam with so many expectations & due to this students came in depression & committed suicide. 30 committed suicide in 2015 & 12 in 2016.So please sir raise this issue in MANN KI BAAT to solve thi

0 0 sir many students are becoming weak in maths now a days.but if the old method of reciting tables is followed ,all of them can do  best in maths.
one good initiative in my district z.p. schools is that the teachers and villagers are buying  led tv sets for the schools . for this digitization they are collectively arranging donations without depending on gov.aid. i know many of the such schools because i have sold them the tvs  it will definitely help the rural area students.

0 0 parnam sir because its our culture i am proud to an indian tau g please pay your attention on kashmiri migrate pandits in your speech because they feel afraid in our country @HARIOM SHARMA STUDENT NIFTEM SONIPAT HARYANA #JAI HIND# #VANDEMATRAM#

0 0 There are only a few colleges in India where top companies like Google, IBM and Adobe go. It is because our mindset is that only students from those colleges will suffice their needs. With free online courses available from best institutions in the world like Stanford and internet availablity, students are already equiped with best knowledge.

0 0 I think children should be learned to make sentence to pronounce them self after learning  अआइ & abcd & by this it would make all students to known what they r reading is in a climate of low stress way

0 1 Dear Sir,
I strongly believe that each and every city/village/town should have libraries.  Libraries are the most important pillar to make educated India.  All great ideas, thoughts written by great men and women should be easily accessible to all citizens and the best way is having libraries in each nagar.
Libraries should be easily accessible to each and every citizen to make India a better country.
I sincerly request you come up with a scheme to bring back libraries.
Sanjeev

0 0 I feel if your subject is being taught by a good teacher then there is no need to prepare for the exams separately. A good teacher is one who concrete an interest on the subject. Frankly speaking learning from a book is boring also education is boring. Only a teacher can make it interesting. Unfortunately we have a situation where teachers especially in colleges are not well paid. Many of them are employed as temporary staffs. As a result quality of education goes down.

0 0 All private educational institutions should have a cap on the maximum fees that can be charged.
Any increase in the fees should be ratified by the government after seeking the reason for increase.

0 0 Hon PM sir,
I would like to mention the most important thing is the age for appearing the board exam.
I have seen some part of Bharat that there are age falsified affidavit where age reduced by year's and pass 11 board examination at age of 11 years and completed engineering 16 years and join PSU and reach the top position by serving 42 years.
By reducing the age, these students have maturity to score high  and get admission and jobs.
This should be eradicated.
But for kundali is correct

0 0 Mr PMji- in continuation...we should start bringing proficiency from highschool level only then we can beat the "West" else we will be left behind. We shouldn't waste crucial years learning something which we will never use in our lives. We should skill our people that coding, management should start at 11th and 12th not at bachelors level.We will need aggresive education policy to keep non-performing colleges out of the race.Today most of the colleges are owned by politicans,this is not helping

0 0 For students to excel in studies not only exam but learning
the students should do following:
1. they should get up early and do Exercise/ Yoga then take a bath- start the day
2. Morning time is good for learning.
3. Study through the year do not wail for exam
4. Study subject lesson ahead of teacher this will help in better understanding in the class.
5. Be positive about the result- do not worry or get stressed due to exam.

0 0 Hi sir I am Kartick Malik , I last qualification is M.Sc in computer science. my father is work as masson. but still I have no work. for only I not more score in gov service exam because there are several students who have already complete 4-5 year his/her study. how we compare with they. that's your gov mean that, we have no knowledge or we are fake student.please change this system.

0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister,
Like children who need vacation, you should also take vacation only then our body will support your busy schedule. Coming to topic for this month - we need one curriculum through out India. "One Nation - One Curriculum" only then we can bring parity to assess our village and urban folks. Let the core 4 subjects be the same all over India give the choice of language to the state (Ist and II language). To make them globally competent,we should learn one foreign language.

0 0 something about dealing with stress will be grateful. also, this might sound very obvious but students need to be told that committing suicide is not the option and these papers or any exams for that matter are not the end of life.

1 0 Respected Sir,My Ideas are like this:
1. Student must understand the central Idea of each lesson.
2. Student shall make use of previous Question papers,so that he/she can have an idea of how Questions are being framed.
3. Student must write and keep synopsis like formulas, key points in the lessons.
4. Students must have proper sleep on the day before the exam date.
5. Students must take guidance from concerned faculty/elders(seniors) whom they are aware of the subject to gain more marks.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री श्रीमान नरेंद्र मोदी जी,
मेरे विचार से आधुनिक विज्ञान एवम टेक्नोलोजी के माध्यम से ! ओन-लाइन से विद्यार्थी किसी भी जगह से टेबलेट या लेपटोप से जोइन हो सके , और इसका लाभ ले शके ,ऐसी शिक्षण प्रणाली हमें विकशित करनि चाहिए

0 0 Students Must Touch their Father And Mother Feet as well as their Teacher/Guru, before going to Exams.

0 0 Sir,I want to tell you about our indian present education system.sir, today all students study just for marks not for knowledge. marks is not important for live a life,because of our education system teach that way. so we need to some change in our education system, so child learn easily and effectively.
sir, this changing process is so hard and too much time, so we will change one by one state and we will make one standard education system for whole country.

0 0 Sir,
Our education system should be able to nourish, identify the potential and taste of every child at a very early age, may be by the time they are 10 years old. Further education should be based on the field of their choice so that we create top quality citizens for our country where the aim of the education is not to just get some job or make money. Rich values of our culture and society have to be taught at the primary level itself. Most examinations fail in correctly assessing a student

0 0 GE new Pm of My INDIA
I like your Current working like Money chenging, cashless MY INDIA.
I am so happy. MY INDIAN people always with you And I also
Bt ONE THING TELL
 1)one boy  has 99 mark in jeeL(his cast is open) This boy not selected to IIT advance exam
2 one boy its have 50 mark in jee ( HIS cast ST)
 Bt he selected to IIT  advance exam..
What is this IN INDIA? 
TELL ME  I REQUESTED YOU SIR
Kya Acche din ayenge ?
Every student will have SAME PRORITY ?

0 0 In my opinion writing the large answers is not a correct way, i mean it should be like multiple choice bits then the student will try to understand the subject or else he read important questions and he will remember it until the exam later he will forget.

0 0 There is no quick fix solution for preparing for exams.
1. After a  class one must always take down notes and it need not be copious notes.Jot down important points in the lecture.
2. When one gets home one needs to prepare notes based on what was taken down in the class and also the prescribed book.
3. Read through what is written.
4. This must be a daily routine for the class.
5. Two months before the exam, attempt last 2-3 years question papers.
6. Keep regular timings

0 0 The Education system should satisfy the knowledge standards of International Repute, as India is going to be the leading Countries on or before 2020.So, In my opinion, the Curriculum must be prepared which satisfy the standards on par with International Curriculum.

1 0 Sir, Needless subject teaches in the primary & elementary level of education of our country produces unproductive human resources and unemployment which is the major drawback of the education system of India.
 Why not we introduce a compulsory subject on board based agriculture from class 1 to 10th level may be named as FOUNDATION COURSE (Agriculture-50marks+Animal husbandry/Fishery-25marks+NCC-25marks total 100marks) so that we can produce the productive resources.

0 0 I have few tips for exam days:
1. Take meal in small quantities frequently, rather than heavy meal at a time.
2. Drink lot of water.
3. If you have difficulty in remembering or understanding something, then write down that matter even looking into your copy.

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री श्रीमान नरेंद्र मोदी जी
मेरे अनुसार आजकल प्रतिस्पर्धा के माहौल मे विद्यार्थी पुस्तकों के ज्ञान को समझने की वजाय उससे रटने की कोशिश करते है जो की हमारे देश के विकसित होने के मार्ग मे सबसे बड़ी दिक्कत है तो मेरे अनुसार सीबीएसई को एक ऐसा तरीका निकालना चाइहिए जिससे विद्यार्थियों की ये आदत कम हो जाये तथा भारत विकसित होने के पथ पर अग्रसर हो सके।
भव्य अगरवाल
डी ए वी पब्लिक स्कूल द्वारका  #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKibaat #MyGov

0 0 With each passing day, working age population rises and employers with opportunities reduces. Hence our children need to be taught how to become self-employed with their skills by the time they complete their education, rather than aspire for govt. service or private sector jobs. Opportunity for entrepreneurship is ample, but culture and outlook is absent. Students and working age people are averse to becoming self-employed. This needs to change by teaching/training them before completing edu.

1 0 Respected PM Sir,
I shared my opinion into the Mann ki baat. Jai ho!

0 0 In my opinion, A night before the exam is more important than the exam in some senses. We learn how to revise the full syllabus before the exam. It reflects our preparation. Our life is also like that; the better we are prepared the better we perform.

1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ,
किसी भी क्षेत्र में अगर देखा जाए तो गणित का बड़ा महत्व हे,हमारे यहा इसपर विशेष ध्यान भी दिया जाता हे ,परंतु किसी भी बोर्ड के सिलेबस मे वैदिक गणित छोटी आयु से ही सिखाने का कोई प्रबंद नहीं होने के कारन बहोतसे विद्यार्थी इसे सिखते नहीं.वैदिक गणित हमारी धरोहर हे , अगर इसे बचपन से ही सिखाया जाए तो इसका बड़ा फायदा उनको भविष् मे हो सकता हे.

0 0 Hon PM sir there should be uniform education system in the country. One single board and one single exam for 7th class, 10th class & 12 class.
After 10th class students can opt for skill development courses. After 12 class students can opt for professional and non professional courses.
Both professional and non professional courses should be 5 years with 1 year stipend paid training at bachelor degree.
Master degree should be 2 years with 1 year stipend paid training.

0 0 Sir,
Your initiatives on Skill India needs major reforms at the ground level. A teacher's qualification/pay should be on par with other professions such as Medicine,Lawyers ,Chartered accounts...Irrespective of the type of board ICSC,CBSE or state, the emphasis should be more on future needs such as team work,collaborative work and application/sharing of knowledge. This unfortunately is not evaluated.This needs inspiring teachers,As some one has mentioned in..this needs your surgical strike.

0 0 Manniya Sh. Modiji, I only want to take your kind notice towards an unending race of competition of today's youth. Which creating a throat cutting competition among them. This should have been stopped because every child is blessed with some special qualities. Every one could not be ramanujan ayangar, cv raman or amartya sen. There may be some sachin, some m.f. hussain or some other emerald. My humble request you to please talk on this problem. Book bugging should stopped.  Regards.

0 0 Plzz visit siliguri ...close this Narayana school ....I vll be thankful to u ....all are facing problem ...in the name of education they play business

0 0 Dear PM sir,
I am a student. I know there is lots of issue to complain about.
But for me and for some others also(may be  for lots of student) one of the important but less noticed issue is Education Loans Interest rates.
As a student we can complain about the problem who's solution are in our hands. But the Interest rates applies on Education loan are controlled
the government body(as per my knowledge)
So my kind request is to reduce the interest rate on Education loan.
Thanks

0 0 Till the date I do not understood how the syllabus which I studied till 12th was helpful to me to earn my bread and butter in future. This may be for personality building but teacher and we student never looked towards it from that perspective. I studies only to secure marks nothing else. Studies must be from practical point of view and which can create a better human rather than marks scoring machine.

0 0 in continuation before their dreams can come true.according to swami vivekananda the great youth icon of india.everybody have to grow from inside out.no one can teach you,no one can make you spiritual ,there is no other teacher but your own soul.  so every student should dream ,decide and act according to that  to become what they want to become.

1 0 One nation one subject one syllabus.
Same post same salary for Professors.
Interdisciplinary education to all.
Certalised recruient of teachers and Professors to curb curreption involved in the process.
At least ensure minimum wages to Professors.
Please MODIJI ACCEPT THESE SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVEMENT IN EDUCATION SECTOR.

0 0 The current system of Education from kindergarten upto University is quite good and appropriate for India. Since English medium penetration is predominantly limited to cities, State schools with medium of instruction in local language play an equally important role complementing Central schools like CBSE and ICSE. Addl. 2 Electives with assessments can be introduced from 5-12th Std ex. Sports, Fine arts, Public service & Oratory skills, Foreign languages etc. for all-round development.

1 0 Students from nursery to 12th std. are carrying heavy 'luggage' bag daily to school and always in tension with their parents. Pl initiate Indiginization of Education system. Pl start 'Bhar vinanun Bhantar' on immediate basis. Let opposition cry. Let some misguided parents also cry. Pl relieve students from the burden. For few month there may be anarchy like demonetization but later there will be happy end.

0 0 Like NEET as Medical Entrance Exam, IIT should also be taken in other Indian Languages besides Hindi and English. The students from rural background suffered a handicap as most of them do their Plus Two courses in vernacular medium but are not able to appear for their IIT-JEE in that language. Like UPSC, railway recruitment and other national-level examinations are held in regional languages.
The Centre obje

1 0 Sir, nowadays the competition in the entrance exams are that high that only few students can make it in a right way. Rest all are just result of rigorous practice without having depth of knowledge. Also as these exams mainly decide the career of a science stream student so now a parallel "Exam performing" bunch of student is growing along with few "well learned or well educated" students from all higher education institute due to loss of art of studying during entrance exam. Please do something.

0 0 I have few doubts and suggestions regarding exams  and I have written all my thoughts , points and opinions in this document . Kindly go through it. Thank you.

0 0 this is a very good and important topic to talk.
but there is a narrow view of looking it. i am a student of Birla Institution of Technology and Science and here in pilani there is not a single government school for primary education. And can we talk about higher education of poor students. I wants you to look at this issue in pilani.

0 0 किताब ज्ञान से ऊपर नहीं हो सकती. क्या यह व्यवस्था संभव है कि अध्यापक बच्चों का ज्ञान वर्धन करें बजाय उन्हें अंक अर्जित करने कि मशीन बनाने के?

0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister,
Following Ideas:
1.Students should learn in keeping in my that going ahead those will contribute in betterment of society.
2.There is really good dialogue Aamir Khan movie 3 Idiots, "Beta kabil bano kabil, Kamyabi to sali jhak mar ke tumhare piche ayegi." Every young student should follow this.
3. Focus on doing more practical Experiments rather than doing theory.

0 0 To add up in my earlier suggestion... We cannot think of it today as we lack good books in regional languages. If government is thoughtful, then MT can be used in higher education in longer run. I believe that the world will respect us only if we have our unique identity rather than just aping west. English should also be taught, but only as a language for communication

0 0 We should have mother tongue as the medium of instruction during primary education and also in higher education in India. There are several advantages of it. Children are more likely to enroll and succeed in school:Parents are more likely to participate in their children’s learning. Children tend to develop better thinking skills: Protecting and preserving local languages. and most important higher education should also be in Mother tongue.

0 0 https://dharabhattyeole.wordpress.com/2016/01/19/%e0%aa%ad%e0%aa%a3%e0%a...

0 0 I am a retired professor and I would like to advice students facing board exam to work hard during the study leave.I always advice my students that hard work is a quality.Do the rain dance everyday to achieve your goals
Dr Annie Thomas ,Alleppey,Kerala

1 0 Respected sir ,  why do we have different educational board ( SSC, CBSE,ICSE,IB) why can't We have one board ? There is vase gap, prefarence given to student in their career can we have a surgical strike on school's & educational board
and one more surgerical. Strike on doctors & hospitals

0 0 Respected Sir
i think education is only KEY of many big problem of india like: unemployment, health, corruption, Dharmik Katterata, bed vote bank politics etc.......
so i think govt give main focus on good education for every people..
and please remove the reservation in education system. govt may help financially to any people but there were no compromise for politics in education system.
thanks

1 0 1. Upto 10th class, generic education with all subjects with one uniform syllabus should be enforced across the nation to give equal platform for all children to rise.
2. Thereafter, vocational education with emphasis on skill and aptitude should be designed. Generally our education system is imparting knowledge but no skills in children so even after doing graduation, if you ask, what can a young child do? the answer will be nothing. He knows the subject but without application.

0 0 first of all good morning/evening to our respectable prime minister sir.every student should do hard work,believe in their self,never give up any task,attempt promptly and have patience.hard work pays and give good results any time.do not lose confidence or heart broken.occording to our former president dr.abdul kalam look at the sky we are not alone,the whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best those who dream and work. every individual should dream and put in to act.

0 0 Dear PM sir
I am student counselor and I have observed students suffering examination anxiety in this time of the year.
We need to train them with all LIFE SKILLS enlisted by WHO .Making them SELF AWARE about their weaknesses will help them face and fight them back. Increased self esteem thus generated will help them cope with anxiety.
Parental support and encouragement along with unconditional love works as RAM BAAN .This tangible support helps them to face examination challenge.

1 0 To bring the right persons in jobs whether the job is under central government or under any state government. There should be a national level eligibility exam, which gives Grade to the participants and according to that grades one can apply for the jobs. This exam should be in the vision of higher agency as in himachal pradesh, all the written test has scam, whether it is a test for conductor recruitment, patwari, driver or any other posts. The validity period for this test should be two years.

0 0 Exam FEAR most of the students face.ANXIETY,everything they learn throughout a yr will not b revised reproduced in 3hr exam.Face the exam as a friend.REVISION s more imp now.Essay and topics more repeated on various exams are very much important.Lastly these Board exams will not the end,Oppurtunities r waiting outside for all.ALL THE BEST.

1 0 Mr Prime minister
please do something for this unethical QUOTA system in education and job.
Talented and deserved people are lacking behind and losing their confidence.
Our country is lacking behind because of wrong people are at higher stage.
please do something about this 60 years long mistake.

1 0 The education system is to be the foundation of the nation , in india it has become a haven for tuitions and coaching classes getting more money than schools.
1 The top 10% of scholars/performer should be educated free regardless of subject being any thing from science , commerce, music or sports
3. The top scientist / doctors/ artist /industrialist should have a session once every six month at state level
4. Tuition / Coaching Abolished
5. psychological welfare : top performers & bottom

0 0 My research on new generations since past 12 years reveals that there has been a major evolution in the structure of human DNA almost since 1980 resulting into different personality traits than any other generations before. They are more intellectual by nature though at the cost of mental/rational and emotional dimensions of life. This as we see around is reflecting in growing unrest, criminality, relationship issues at every level. They are basically system busters. Systems may need alterations

0 0 Good evening ji
   I am pleased to share my thoughts and views regarding our education system and exam preparations.First of all I thank you MODI JI for JALLIKATTU.As a tamilian we are all proud to have you PM who respects INDIA'S HERITAGE & CULTURAL diversity.Hatts off to you ji,Our education system to be modified and it should produce self employment thereby abolishing unemployment poverty in future.So we should revamp our ANCESTRAL EDUCATION & abolish british born maccalley education system.

0 0 marks doesn't decide ur FRIENDS...DOESN'T decide ur future (that much)... YOU DECIDE... it's all you...

0 0 Namaste, Honorable Sir. It is an unfortunate and accepted fact (especially in our Country) that students who come out of Academic Institutions are grossly UNFIT to be employed to take up JOB assignments. This is true irrespective of various streams of study. I have a proposal and contents (to begin with at least) - to deal with this menace. Please let me know how I/we can proceed. My contact No is +91 73566 27793. Bharat Maat'aa Ki Jai.....

0 0 EXAMS r good... it brings opportunities to see your self... exams r those mirrors that will remind you what you were & what you have become... yaaa... exams doesn't decide your future... just tells where u wanted to be and see where r you going...

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Modi ji
Maximum Students take examination very seriously just before the examination. The students should  be taught that getting marks is not the means to achieve success in life.
The students should focus on the application of the knowledge rather than getting marks.
The students should take out time to relax before the examination. The students should study when they enjoy.Treat examination as just one of the activity of life  to develop skill and get job.

0 0 exams part of life... just move on if you fail it even... LIFE IS BIGGER than exams... FRIENDS, TEACHERS... family...parents... matters then BOARD results... 
your dreams R ur dreams... it cannot be over shadowed by any failure... or sometimes it can be... :) :)  doing something that you like is always the RIGHT option... make it the priority...

0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, greetings of the day. Regarding examination preparation sharing our view. for do exam preparation it is necessary to study every day rather than to accept a shortcut only study for pass the examination. regular study is useful for your future either of any of field like medical/Engineering/Civil etc.If you are Masters of NCERT syllabus then it helps you for every exam in future. if student really make his future he has to study on regular basis.it will help to make future bright

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sh. Narendra Modi Ji ,
Make better primary education for children.Aware youth for use of Internet and sportes for college student.Give quality of education and smart education .For make creative ideas . https://twitter.com/rkchordiya

3 0 Hon Sir,
I would like to state that there should be overall testing tool developed. Testing of students during 3 hour on a particular date should not be the criteria. Rather at the end of every module whenever the student wants he can go online and check his assessment results. A MCQ type  testing helps a lot to test and also gives instant result

0 0 Respected sir
            I think that any nation development depend on one thing which is education system.But in our nation education is not consider as important as it is.Why education is so important
1.Mainly it affects thoughts of person.According rape,murder incidents which happen in India is done by mostly illiterate person.Because they are unable to differentiate which thing is good or bad.
Now i tell about present education system in India:
it is in PDF attached

0 0 sir m bank exam ki tyari krta hu or abhi jo banko m job nikli he(south indian bank,idbi bank) unme 12th se lekr graduation tk 60% marks mang rhe he,or mere 60% nhi h.
   ab jb india m IAS or IPS ke liye 60% nhi managte to ye bank m kyo mangte he??
  fir to to graduation m paas uni ko krna chaiye jo 60% marks leke aaye, kyo ki jb aply nhi kr skte to fir digree kis kaam ki.
   sir me chata hu ki hr job m jo graduation he vo apply kr skta h.
name -jaivardhan
jodhpur rajasthan

0 0 Respected PM Modi Ji,
The country has made a lot of progress in Swachch Bharat Abhyan on various fronts but the positive roll played by stray Pig in consuming lot of thrown out food material,excreta etc as a natural Scavenger in  our ecosystem since time immemorial has not been projected so far.We need to give proper recognition to the roll played by pigs  beside its economic benefits to the lower strata of our society country wide.

0 0 Honourable pm, I am sharing my thought for students of board examinations. The main point is students should not to fear of board examinations. Nearly 80 percent of students fears and this effect on their results, students should remember a failure is a real winner so never be afraid. The second point is always practice to write essay and on topics on your own, this will increase your vision to a great extent and by this you will learn answers very easily just by reading only,thak you,jai hind.

0 0 ONE MORE THING I WANT TO SAY ABOUT EXAM THAT ANY EXAM IS NOT THE LAST EXAM. EVERYONE WILL GET THEIR CHANCE. SO DO NOT NEED TO PANIC. LEARN WHATEVER YOU CAN LEARN. TRY TO EXCEL ON THOSE SUBJECTS WHICH YOU FIND EASY AND TRY TO LEARN THOSE SUBJECTS WHICH YOU FIND DIFFICULT.

1 0 Respected Sir,
kindly find attached the suggestions for education system in simple terms. I am someone who really depressed with current education system

0 0 Erste: kill root of corruption = expose - source of donation to parties & asset details of Netas.
Privatization of education was last hammer. AAP talks about making Govt. Education as good as Private and stoping donations. And YOU?
Pay teachers nicely and train them not to torture young blood but make them responsible person.
Make branching asap(@5th std not @10th std) to release stress.
Install CCTV.
Involve teachers in exam preparations, and make their paychecks performance oriented.

1 0 MY IDEA ABOUT EXAMS IS WE SHOULD ABOLISH ANY PASS FAIL SYSTEM FROM BASIC LEVEL TO COLLEGE LEVEL. WE SHOULD GIVE THE ACTUAL MARKS TO THE STUDENTS BE IT 0 OR BE IT 100 INSTEAD OF PASSING THEM NECESSARILY LIKE FROM 1ST TO 8TH. THE IDEA IS LET THE STUDENT DECIDE WHETHER HE WANT TO GIVE THAT EXAM AGAIN TO IMPROVE HIS MARKS OR NOT. BY THIS WE CAN REDUCE THE SCHOOL DROPOUTS. BY THIS STUDENTS WILL ACTUALLY KNOW WHERE THEY STAND AND WHAT THEY REQUIRE TO DO. MARKS SHOULD ALSO BE GIVEN FOR EX CURRI ACTIVIT

2 0 As a student, i am facing many problems only because of RESERVATION to the backward classes.
Don't you know that there are rich people in backward classes? and there are many poor people in general classes. My humble request is, please consider reservations to the poor.But not by the cast.
I hope there will be changes in reservations in INDIA very soon...

1 0 Dear Mr PM ,Refer enclosed complaint on behalf of my daughter i am asking you when will she get justice .Newly born girl got burned inside labour room of Kanpur Medical Centre Lajpat Nagar Kanpur due to gross medical negligence by doctors and hospital.as result she got 60% physical loss.Inspite written acceptance by hospital management after 11 yrs No Action and justice on Hold by culprits as they are well protected by local police and medical deptt.
Pls look into and help my daughter .

0 0 Now examinations are not the index of knowledge. Not possible to measure the knowledge within exam hours. Students are taught to tackle the exam or how to perform an exam. Earlier topic taught in perfection and ask students to read references. Student understands the subject and answer in his own language. Now students study for examination; and lack the knowledge in the subject, thus examination became a skill, after exam the subject remain forgotten.

0 0 The students should feel responsible to study with full seriousness without parents pushing round the clock.
The students should be inspired to study beyond the exams. Curiosity to know should be given adequate push, it is not just marks that they need to score.

1 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir,
kindly find attached the suggestions from the person who failed in life because of past education system.
#PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Modi ji
Pranam,
We, with family, wish good health for coming so many years.
Nowadays students are under huge pressure of expectation of parents and they are compared with other students of his /her class.Please tell to parents not to compare with others. Students should be motivated to improve their performance /grade / knowledge with respect to ""HIS OWN PREVIOUS RESULT"".
Best Regards
Shailesh Kumar Tripathi
Unchahar
Raebareli
U.P.

0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister,
To ensure more and more compliance & enhancement of Income Tax Payer, Tax rates should be uniform @ 10%.
-	Salaried (Govt./Pvt.) @10% after adjusting investment
        max. 2.5 lacs, No Standard Deduction.
-	Other than salaried @ 10% with standard deduction of
        2.5 lac/P.A. but no investment exemption.
With best regards,

1 0 Respected Sir,
We should structure such a education system, where syllabus for every standard should be the same and books should be issued from the school library.  Every year School/colleges provide new books with some minor changes to get the huge commission from the vendor.  This increase cost of education for every student/parent and also not good for environment.  To print these books huge papers used resulting cutting of huge trees from which these papers made.

0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister,
To speed up Swatch Bharat Abhiyaan, Govt. should ensure 4 days week for Saf-Safai Karamchari all over India. The system will definitely maintain the health of the employee. Their weekly off will still remain less than other employee.
With best regards,

0 0 As a parent it is very dishearting to see that in any competitive exam a general candidate scores very good marks but does not get admission in a good college because he does. notbelong to sc,etc community.
What is the purpose of having an entrance exam if seats are allotted on the basis of reservation
THERE ARE STUDENTS FROM THE GENERAL CATEGORY WHO ARE FINANCIALLY BACKWARD WHAT ABOUT THEM?
Merit should be the basis of getting education and not reservation.
We have very high hopes from u

0 0 Preparation for the annual exams should not become a year end ritual. It should be a continuous process from the beginning of every year and from one year to another.
Two major flaws in our education system are as follows:
1. A student who memorizes better gets higher marks than the student who understands the concept.
2. A student who gets 95 is considered smarter than who gets 92 marks.
Don't worry about the flawed system, what you can do is prepare well, relax and express yourself.

0 0 The answers must be of quality and not quantity, children should understand meaning of the words used in text book, questions, without understanding the meaning of word they will not be able to write answers in their own language, therefore the stress should be on understanding of basic principal. Therefore children should make friendship with Dictionary which needs to be a habit. The language may be any language mother-tong or English and it has to be continuous exercise.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir,
	We need education, that completely transform us to real human being..
	We need education, that should create independent humans, who will have unique skills
	we need education, like Swamy Vivekananda got from his Guru
	We need education, like Bhagath singh got from his mother
	we need education, that has to create lot of Visvesvaraya's
 Real education needs complete change over from past education system what we had.

0 0 Sir,Some section of students feel that exam is a memory test where they need to memorize the concepts and theories, word by word and write it in the same manner as taught. The problem with this approach is they are not understanding the crux of the concept and the relevance of it. They need to take an effort to be clear about the concepts and present it in a manner which reflects their thoughts about the concepts also. Teachers should promote it to enhance student’s creativity,thoughts & skills.

0 0 I would like to share one experience with all parents. During my board exams in 2007 unlike other parents my father and mother never pressurized me. When our relatives asked them why you are letting your child play outdoor or they are not 24 hours busy studying my father replied, a child need outdoor activities, music to rejuvenate himself from exhaustion and they perform better when there is no pressure. And as a result i scored a perfect 100 in social studies surprising everyone.

0 0 OM
Dear Modi Ji Pranam,
The Cheapest Way to control crime, corruption, communal violence, court cases and population etc. is to spread the message of "SADBHAVANA TO CHANGE THE MIND SET OF MAN," given by Shri Satpal Ji Maharaj. Please air his views on radio and television.
2. Please provide free drinking water at all Railway, Metro, Bus stations and other public places. Thanking you
Yogesh 70 Blind

1 0 Respected Sir,
kindly find attached the suggestions for the low cost housing for favor of further necessary action.
DS Nayak, SE(housing), PWD, GNTCD, NEW DELHI

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sh. Narendra Modi Ji ,
India want Better Primary Education because primary Education is basic education.Dr.Kalam was said that if primary education is better than nation will develop fast,better education make great scientist,Doctor,teacher,Economist etc. Only certificate of education is not sufficient for our nation development.Nation want creative idea. creativity generate at primary level.In rural area have not quality of education yet.#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
Kudos to you and your staff members for this initiative. I am sure it is highly effective and being implemented. Please find attached the file, sharing my thoughts and experience on Indian Education and examination system.
Thank you!

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
Kudos to you and your staff members for this initiative. I am sure it is highly effective and being implemented. Please find attached the file, sharing my thoughts and experience on Indian Education and examination system.
Thank you!

1 0 Dear Mr PM ,Sorry my request is not related to exams but i do not have option as i send more than 50 complaints to your office and ministers but they are treated as football.
At Kanpur Medical Centre Lajpat Nagar Kanpur My newly born daughter got burned inside labour room due to gross negligence of doctors and nursing home.Inspite of written acceptance by Hospital management that "CHILD GOT BURNED INFRONT OF ROD HEATER INSIDE LABOUR ROOM"after 11 yrs my daughter not getting justice.

1 0 Parents should help their children explore their interests and should not force them into career options based on the parents ambitions, societal pressure, etc. This pressure stresses out the child and makes the child unhappy and can have long term consequences. This could also lead to students becoming inefficient, unhappy and ineffective in their studies and in their careers. Don't destroy your children's future to achieve your own ambitions. This will destroy the child's & countries future.

0 0 Respected sir ,Our education system should be change for better improving level of the students . Every topic of syllabus of any subject should be visualize and practically approach in class room . My sincere advice to all that class from nursery to Ph.D. , study every subject with practical knowledge and ask teacher positive and negative of these topics and use of learnt topic. Parents stop forcing our children to force to study of your choice! Every politician should be Ph.D.(politics).

0 0 Dear PM, we are blessed to have you as our PM. After a long time we saw a brave PM and a equally brave government who took unpopular decisions like demonetisation for the better interest of the nation. Like wise we have another big problem in our nation is cast based reservation. This was continuing only for political reasons, and we have witnessed for the last 65 years that with cast based reservation, the situation is not going to improve. Cast based reservation should go and economic r

0 0 Please Sir, agar aap girl women ke liye kuchh karna chahate hai to sabse pehle 10th class tak education fees 50% kar do train ticket 50% kar do.

0 0 बेहतर होगा कि सभी सरकारी अधिकारियों के बच्चों को शुरू से ही सरकारी स्कूलों में पढ़ाया जाना अनिवार्य किया जाए। इससे न केवल सरकारी स्कूलों का स्तर सुधरेगा, बल्कि निजी स्कूलों की मनमानी और फीस वृद्धि पर लगाम कसी जा सकेगी।

0 0 Huge gap between what industries need and what student learn makes students only a graduate with degree. So for conducting exams in engineering there must be equal value for practical performance all over the semester and equal for written exam. Also Please make/reduce intake for each branch to max 90.And  close engineering colleges which are unnecessary and not performing well.

0 0 Honorable Sir, Namaste!!! Attached are my inputs to trend-breaking youngsters!!! I will be satisfied if this can be of help for their upcoming exams. Warm Regards Sir, Hariharan Iyer

0 0 Respected Modi sir, My name is Apurva and I have completed my post graduation in biotechnology and my concern is about the further studies getting PhD and the matter is if we have to do the phd we have to first qualify the NET exam or any other national exams to get admission into phd and few months back in man ki baat I read about strong emphasis and push for women to go into research but still we don't have any interview based admission for women in phd.why?

0 0 Sir please see to it that education is available for all the people as such education has become prohibitively expensive for lower income group and also middle and upper middle class Thanks for the opportunity and I hope you will address the problem

0 0 Respected Sir, I would write particularly for engineering field. All students focus is to pass the exam with more and more marks. It makes them to mug all the concepts may be without understanding it. Second thing is practical exams are conducted so poorly. Students don't know what to perform and how to perform. Engineering college's environment  has become like schools environment where there is a race for rank not for innovative knowledge.

0 0 नकल करने व कराने वालों के लिए सख्त सजा का प्रावधान होना चाहिए।

0 0 Since Child hood Indian students are said Study, Study and Study so that you can get a Job. And the learning method is to read old theory and never know the reason why shall one read or where will it be useful. Instead of so called conventional exams the entire system should come as interactive evaluation/outcome based learning  where the students/teachers have to be realistic. Based on these performance the interest/potential of students should be correctly identified and should be motivated.

0 0 Children need to be told that understanding the subject is important. Mugging will not help them in the long term. Pressure and stress are good as long as they are under control. To control stress do some meditation and physical exercise. Take regular breaks, drink a lot of water to stay hydrated, sleep for atleast 6-7 hours a day and have a buddy system so that you can ask for help or just to talk with a friend or older person. 
At the end of the day hard work and smart thinking will help.

0 0 Dear Mr PM ,My son shobhit is in class 12th of CBSE from Kanpur.He put his ultimate efforts for selection in IIT .This year IIT entrance exams are in between boards exams , you can understand that performance of entrance exams may effect his board exams....pls see if IIT entrance can postponed immediatly after board exams.
Another request is that CBSE board exams will start from 9th Mar'17 while final election result will declare on 11th Mar'17 . Pls see if exams will start after 12thMar'17

0 0 छाज्ञों को नकल में विश्वास न करने व मेहनत करके परीक्षाएं देने के लिए स्कूल स्तर पर समझानेे के प्रयास होने चाहिए।

0 0 Hello to My Gov.& students,
   First i am pointing out some weaknesses in our edu. System
1. Teachers in gov as well as Private schools & colleges are not upto the mark.
2. Bad condition of Gov.schools they needs proper supervision.
3. Why Caste system in selection for job and admission?
    For students
1. Set you goal(short and long term)
2. Dont think about the results think about your today's goal.
3. Use visual learning.
4. Be relax during exam.
Best wishes for exam.

0 0 Dear respected prime minister
M rajasthan se belong krta hu yha indian constitution ke tht rpsc work kr rha h. Rpsc high levels ki exam krvata h or uski hr exam pr swal uthaye ja rhe h jiske karn uski hr exam high court me ja rhi h jisse time pr kisi bi exam ka result nhi aa pa rha h or students ke time ki koi value nhi h
Mera ek swal h apse ki kisi bi election ke result ke liy ap 1ya2 year tk wait kr skte h kya nhi na vse hi sir hm kis trh wait krte wo bta nhi skte
Pls sir exam pattern bdlo

0 0 DEAR FRIENDS,
IT'S NOT WISE TO PASS THE EXAM JUST FOR A+GRADE /%. HISTORY IS FULL OF BILLIONAIRES WHO HAVE LITTLE OR NO EDUCATION...THE MAIN THRUST SHALL BE ON GAINING KNOWLEDGE & SKILL...MOST IMP.TO ATTEND SCHOOLS,LECTURES,SEMINARS FOR GAINING KNOWLEDGE(SCORE DOESN'T MATTER)...THE PERCEPTION OF BIG PICTURE(KNOWLEDGE OF THE SYSTEM AS A WHOLE AND NOT JUST SUBSYSTEM)MAKES A LOT DIFFERENCE...NO OVERCONFIDENCE,KIND,HUMBLE AND RESPECTFUL, BELIEVE IN GOD & YOURSELF...FINALLY--YOGA THE SECRET KEY!!!

1 0 परीक्षाओं में नकल होने के कारण मेधावी, मेहनती व नकल न करने वाले छाज्ञों को अच्छे अंक नहीं मिल पाते हैं। नकल रोकने केे लिए सख्त कदम उठाए जाने चाहिए।

0 0 Respected Sir,
Here are a few ideas for a better society that might be quite useful.

0 0 आदरणीय PM ,परिक्षा के व्यवस्थापन मे पारदर्शिता आणि चाहिए .....

0 0 Narendra Bhai Namaste
   mera naam Kuldeep Kumar ha. me Muzaffarnagar Uttar Pradesh se Hu. me ye kahna chahta hu ke bhartiyo me mangi jane wali fees itni adhik hoti ha ki jo garib students but talented us form ko apply nahi kar pate ha kuch aisa hona chahiye ki bhatiyo me mangi jane wali fee limited honi chahiye jisse ek garib student bhi form apply kar sake.

0 0 Dear PM Sir namskar, mera naam pukar hai . mera jaman delhi mei hi hu hai.  or meri studies bhi delhi mei hi hui hai.  or mere sare id card delhi se hi bane hai. maine abhi passport ke liye apply kiya tha, likein police wale ne ye kaha ki aap nepal ke ho, or apna citizenship banao, sir mere sare id delhi ke hi hai or meri studies bhi delhi se hi ki hai. sir ab main ye citizenship  kaisse banau, maine kai jagh pata kiya lekin sab se ye hi kaha ki agar aapke pass id h to citizenship ki jarurat nhi

0 0 #MyGov प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार!
कुछ दिन पहले यूपी मेँ स्कुली बस का दिल दहलाने वाला हादसा हुआ। आप इस बार मन की बात मेँ आप देश के सभी स्कुलो के प्रशासन को यह राय दे कि वो अपने यहाँ के बच्चो को लाने और छोडने वाले वाहनो के ड्राइवर कंडकटरो को ट्रैफिक नियमोँ का सख्ती से पालन करने का आदेश जारी करे, ताकि इनकी लापरवाही कारण कोई हादसा न हो। किसी की आँख का तारा न डुबे।
राजेश कुमार चौहान
जालंधर

0 0 Respected Sir,
Here  are a few points to ponder about the little children – ‘Ve Khelenge Nahin to Khilenge Kaise’.

0 0 Dear PM,
It is a shock for the current 9tha nd 10th class to expose them to board exam. The change is ad-hoc. They did not prepare 8-9th studies keeping boards in their mind. Suggest and request to make board compulsory for students who will now get promoted to 8th class. All students from current 8th to 10th class should be given a fair choice for appearing the boards.
It would be highly unfair wrt their seniors and junior if we implement board on the ad-hoc basis.
Pls give it a thought.!

0 0 Respected Sir,
        Students appearing in the exams should not feel stressed. As a child they should focus on the studies and not to think other matters which disturb the mind. Students should know that their Parents & teachers are always well wisher to them, they never want their children feels stress, so keep studying and concentrate on it. If some subject create difficulties to understand at last hours, please don't hesitate to ask remedies from well wishers around you and be positive.

0 0 Dear Students!
Please remember that there is a life beyond examinations, do not stress over it and take it as a burden. Take exams as a festival, enjoy them. Exams are an opportunity not a challenge. Here are some important tips for you to keep in mind.
•	Recognize your inner potentials; be confident about yourself; do not let any outer factors trouble you. Have confidence on your abilities;
•	Don't waste time on irrelevant or negative thoughts.

0 0 Dear PM We should stop the rat race for Marks and think of implementing education which builds a person in total combined of knowledge, character, humility & a total personality. Towards this fullcommercialisation, reservation should be gradually removed. Emphasis on Indian culture and tradition to be maintained & make learning a Joy for the young minds.

0 0 Any new undertaking whether appearing in an exam., writing a book or whatsoever things does not succeed always just because one put in effort and time. Lord Sri Krishna has shown (in the 14th verse of 18th Chapter in The Gita) five factors responsible for the accomplishment of an undertaking . The english translation of that verse according to Aurobinda  is, These five are the body, the doer, the various instruments, the many kinds of efforts, and last, the Fate.

0 0 Abhi to aaye hain jamin pe asma ki udan baki h,Abhi km h aye logo me mera nam,Is NAAM ki pehchan bnana abhi baki h..

0 0 Dear PM Sir namskar, mai madhya pradesh ke 1 chhote se destrict betul ki rahne wali hun.sir mai aapse yah nivedan karna chahti hun ki competitive exam ke centre jo ki kuchh chuninda cites me hi diye jate hai use kam se kam disrict places pr diye jane hetu aadeshit kar den.sir kai baar kai students paiso ki kami ki vajah se kai samay ki kami ki vajah se or kai anya karno se pariksha centre nai pahunch paate.govt bhi sc st candidates ko aane jane ka kiraya deti hai.is vyavsth ko sudhrwa dijie sir.

0 0 Dear Respected Prime Minister, myself Shiva Krishna an higher education consultant based in Bangalore. Decongest the colleges available, make merit system above caste/religion. Academic syllabus is outdated result of this most of the Private universities are coming up and charging high price, common man can't afford. Try to implement Free Education as Norway, Germany and other European Nations. Gita, Quran, Bible should be taught in school and make them realise all are same. #PMonRadio, #AIR

0 0 सर कॉलेज वाले मन मरजी से फीस , फाइन लेते है सभी स्टूडेंट्स की फीस अलग होती हैं , प्रैक्टिकल कोई नहीं करता है बस फाइल बन जाती हैं । टीचर अपना कर्तव्य भूल गए है बस एक पैसे कमाने का जरिया समझते हैं । कॉलेज एक साधन है कमाई का ना उन को स्टूडेंट्स के फ्यूचर की चिंता हैं।कॉलेज वाले पैसे तो पूरा लेते है मगर कराते कुछ नहीं बुक्स नहीं हैं, लैब में सामान नहीं है , कभी पढ़ाई के बारे में नहीं पूछते मगर फीस को रोज कहते हैं कही भी कभी भी । शिक्षा को एक मजाक बना कर रख दिया हैं इन लोगो ने । सेलेब्स बहूत पुराना हे

0 0 Dear students' I say learning and eating are same! You eat one at a time! While eating you enjoy the taste! You do not eat to feel you stomach but you eat to enjoy your food! Similarly, do not study to pass or remember! Study to understand, you will remember and pass automatically! Do not make the goal of passing make a goal of quality learning. Ask question why, how, when, where etc. Get your answer. Parents stop forcing your children to force to study of your choice!

1 0 Learning is a continuous process. We must find some way in which students do not have to prepare specially for exams...

0 0 Major problem faced by students in getting vocational training is education loan As most of the vocational training institutes are not under UGC or AICTE students don't get loan If we can have a scheme where student get loan & link their loan to Adhaar card & the loan gets deducted as TDS or IDS(Installment Deducted at Source) from their salary when they get a job, it will help skill the unemployed youth of India to a great extent By the way-The DIGITAL INDIA logo was designed by my student Rana

0 0 dear PM.narendra modi ji
bharat ko or vikshit banne ke liye phale barojgari dhur karani hogi kyoki 99% low family se bilog karte unke pass kuch bhi option nhi hota agr barojgari dhur higi to desh ki unati bhi hogi aap bhut acha work karte laikin ek or low family par bhi dhiyan dena chaiye or hum student ko bhi aage badne ka moka milna chaiye kyoki ishka mukhya karan ki low payement milne ke karan sab bade log videsh chal jate or wha videsh ki unati karte k

0 0 Respected Sir,
         Maybe the reason because of which you posted this topic is in context with Board's preparation, but I would like to use this platform to convey my views regarding MBA preparations. I am an MBA aspirant and a lot of MBA colleges ask for the application to their colleges even before the CAT exam's date, let alone the CAT results. Their fees are in thousands for each application. Just one question, how can a student apply for a college without knowing his score?

0 0 hi,
mai namrata. bahot salo se soch rahi thi ki agar koi sunanewala ho to batadu. thanks k aaj ye mauka mila. hamare yaha vidyapitho ki parampara purani hai. to q na hum use punha shuru kare. shayad hamare yaha k student karkhane band ho jaye aur kuch achha hath lage. koi is bareme bhi sanshodhan karta hoga na...

0 0 Respected P.M.,
     i want to say that in upcoming "Man Ki Baat" programme please say about copy past problem in board exams specially in UP and Bihar. so that student avoid to copying and become diligent so they contribute to make a good society and country, ?
 Sir specially their guardians who indulge theirself to help student by unfair means.
I think you convenience them to do that because people takes you seriously and follow you.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Most of the student doesn't study for knowledge but they study for passing the examination, and also the Teachers are not able to suggest students for study. due to this, student studies only for examination preparation.
Nowadays Technology is also affecting study of the student. Student should not use too much phone. They should use smartphone only for few minutes and should concentrate only on study.

0 0 शिक्षा का उद्देश्य केवल अंक प्राप्त करना न हो बल्कि शिक्षा हममें मानवता, शिष्टाचार, कर्तव्यनिष्ठा व भाईचारे की भावना विकसित करे. छात्रों के मन में अंकों को देखकर कोई हीन भावना नहीं होनी चाहिए. हम सब को अपनी क्षमता का आकलन करना चाहिए व उसके अनुसार अपना लक्ष्य निर्धारित करना चाहिए. अभिभावकों को छात्रों पर कोई अनावश्यक अपेक्षाओं का बोझ नहीं डालना चाहिए.

0 0 dear sir,
we voted BJP for improvement but yesterday mobile was stolen in train in mumbai local but police has given only lost NC not theft as also saying chances are rear, for just sake of awarness i checked with people standing nearby that all mobile were stolen but they have given lost nc it is really sad that our hard earn money given to police who cant even protect or search our stolen things. smart phone worth 45k with saving of year is gone what is digital india for me wake up sir

0 0 Sir, I am Retd. Professor in Commerce with 33 years of teaching expereince. I am happy to share the same views of Pratik Anil Sonnekar
"Our education system is exam oriented which should be knowledge oriented.We should give a chance to those who are thinking beyond the boundaries.Grades are necessary but it should not be a criteria".

0 0 did not understand that failing is part of life... failure in life is way better than a failed life...

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir,
I am a student of class 12 and will be appearing for the board examination.Though the exam will be written by the students, this will be an exam for every teacher and parent who contributes behind the scenes into the making of the bright minds of our country.All those extra doubt solving classes and parents staying awake with the students at night to cater to their needs.These people form the foundations of success.I thank my teachers and parents for their input.

1 0 I agree the education system is such that the future depends upon these exam marks, which I think is absolutely wrong. Instead of pressurising the students for better marks the parents at home as well as the teachers need to make sure that the content learnt is understood, because many can't put down these in the form of words during the exams ( because of various reasons ) Ultimately what matters is knowledge gained, knowing is much more important than the marks scored.

0 0 I am shashikala jambanagouda from kalburgi karnataka .working as a high school teacher students should prepare for only 80 marks paper because 20 marks they got already from project work therfore they should prepare compulsary .questions means "kanthast ke liye poems two types letter writing  formal and informal.two or three small essyes and one marks answers &fill in the box from all lessons it's enough for passing

0 0 Sir, the age between 12 to 18 is the most important phase in one's life as a child grows both psychologically as well as physically but the current generation is missing it out completely owing to tuitions and preparation for various entrance exams! A typical day for a 'bright' student is 7:30 AM to 2 PM School, 4 PM to 8 PM tuition/coaching classes, he has to complete his home work too! Do we need robots as future generations? Need wholesome changes in the system so that this pressure is taken

0 0 sir pranam
we belongs a poor family but the fees of private school is so high we could not study my ward due high increse of fee every year so kindly make a tight rules of such schools .i belongs from gorakhpur Up the school name is The pillars public school .this school is taking fees in cash .and high fees increses every years.so kindly do the needful sir.

1 0 Sir,Our education system is exam oriented which should be knowledge oriented.We should give a chance to those one who are thinking beyond the boundaries.Grades are necessary but it should not be a criteria.

0 0 yaaa... failed miserably ... to prove my love for the nation... it was always me in the center... couldn't find friends because... i was very self centered... a BIG failure in the end...

0 0 Modiji acchi baja di aapne hum private job walo ki humne kya bigada tha aapka vote hi diya tha sir aapko market sula diya aapne boss ko jawab dena muskil hai 2 month se boss ne salary nahi di hai cheque book nahi aayi ka bahana se maje le raha hai

0 0 I have a teaching experience of 12 years in Accounts of Class 11 & 12. I would like to suggest students to prepare proper time table for all subjects day wise and Chapter wise. Stick to the time table. Refer to the notes provided in the classes and also the topics marked as important should be throughly studied. Then solve question papers of previous examinations 3-5 years as time permit pattern and thereby calculating the time involved. One should also take care for presentation and neatness.

0 0 Respected Modiji,
Here are my suggestions for Youngsters who are preparing for exams,
1. Inculcate a habit of writing things, this will help your visual memory to remember things more effectively
2. During your exams, turn OFF your mobile phones. It will help you to focus better
3. For college going students, take classes of your friends who have not prepared a topic which you have already done. It will help you to revise things
4. Make a schedule of study every Sunday evening
Thanks

0 0 Enhance the student's passion by giving examples and showing role models....this is the best way of accessing their mind...then they taste the success.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
Please convey these lines to all the parents in your Address "" Har Soorat Khoobsoorat Hoti Hai"" so they should not push their child to be the 1st rather should encourage them to do their best. whatever they will score will have a silver lining from that performance and will also make them charged to perform their best... I as parent see children really go though high pressure of performance and this impact their health.

0 0 You will agree that the National Flag is a symbol of the Nation’s respect and pride. There is liberal use of the flag on Independence Day and Republic day. There is a new trend of selling flags made of paper and plastic. With a sense of national pride, people enthusiastically buy such flags but the very next day, we find these flags being trampled upon on the roads, in dustbins and elsewhere. We should create awareness to prevent the insult and abuse of our National Flag from this Republic Day.

0 0 Today board exams have became very competitive.
Students,parents school and society treat these exams like life end exam. I think as remedial educator let them appear these exams without any stress. Its the responsibility of all of us as a society to help children to face life challenge instead making them robotic machines. Let them also enjoy life along with studies. Pls requesting no pressure given to any student as he is a unique person having his own potential to perform. Respect child

0 0 please stop this kind of bissnus
this is also a patr of corruption

0 0 AMIE recognition by AICTE pending since Smriti come in charge. Similar course in europe and many developed country has been approved from long time. My prayer to you to kindly look in to this matter as it affected to gulf countries since the accreditaiton has been taken out. #MyGov. Sir this genuine issue will get a resolution when you are in power. we lost faith in all others.

1 0 sir now it is necessary to remove reservation not for all but for those whoose parent are well establish in society like son or daughter of doctor engineer etc.alternatively remove eligibity criteria in all exam so more competation will happen.it will be the foundation to quality of education and student which are suffered in last exam due poor back ground will awake.one question sir plz give me  answer if india will super power with resevation like facilitis..

0 0 1. har sal admission ka chakkar khatam kijiye.
2. pichli bar likhe the makan malik kiraya cash mangta h, kuch kiye nahi. msg padhte bhi ya aise ullu banate h

0 0 Respected PM modi sir,
                      iam a graduate and iam living beside kolleru lake.Kolleru is a home for birds,grass,different kind of fishes,speases and etc.But it is degrading its land by fish tanks and frans tanks.Please take action on it.

0 0 Indian political system:
People who have experience of more than 3 years in civil services: or who are graduates and have experiences of more than 5 years in organization where size of employee is more than 1000: should be eligible for elections..

0 0 respect sir
please find the attached document for the kind action.
yours truly
shambhu sinha

0 0 Sir, my daughter is extra ordinary in study, getting 95 plus % always and can grow even better, my question is that do we need too many books to study ? she is carrying almost 8 to 10 kg weight in her school bag and school management is not at all listening to parents and working any positive outcome to reduce the stress physically and mentally on students. i thing we need to do something for this where one theme is already in practice is BHAR VINANU BHANTAR do suggest for this please

0 0 FOR ARMY FUNDS:mandate for certain threshold income..
PEOPLE crossing certain threshold (threshold to be decided by government): of annual income in India have to deposit certain percentages of their annual income towards army funds and transparents reports would be given to those where money of their is being spent in army funds.

0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir,
 I am a student of Financial Management aslo working as asst. Prof. for MBA. I believe to make effective Teaching Learning pedagogy and the issue of making non productive graduates can be reduced. If provided a chance I may present you the idea and raod map for it.
Regards,
Pallavi Rahul Gedamkar

0 0 old aged and retired army personnel can create call centers for women security region wise..
or help centers as well...within range distances..

1 0 Every Child should follow a Time table at home also
DOS: 1.Wake up Early 4a.m
     2.Exercise for 30 minutes
     3.Follow routine of time table for home
     4. do not watch TV or FB or Whatsapp
     5.Practice by writing
     6.Share with friends for 15 minutes Development
FOR BOARDS:
     1. Reduce ALL CURRICULUM BY 50% Just cut half of all courses
     2. Do not follow NCERT books they are all old ways and NOT
     update THE NCERT books are good for Adults

0 0 please stop this kind of bissnus
this is also a patr of corruption

0 0 My dear honorable  Mr  PM ji,
This is 2017 pure kaliyoog
I have 200 point how to make India no. 1 in few year's.
Social media and PMO office is not secure for discuss every point.
I am sharing with you only 2 points if you are genuine i am Right in 55% that is good, it is India no one except originality.

0 0 ALL CORPORATES and ORGANIZATIONS OF INDIA:
SHOULD HAVE ETHICS OR GRIEVANCES FORMS EMBEDDED IN OUTLOOK OR MAIL EXCHANGER SYSTEMS so that user can file directly from outlook or mail exchange servers...rather than first looking out for support and then finding and asking..--

0 0 CENSOR BOARD:
CATEGORIZATIONS OF MOVIES IN CINEMA: in big fonts to be displayed on movies..posters and newspapers..or ads
lust/sex: moderate/low/high
Abuse: moderate/low/high
violence: moderate/low/high

0 0 Dear Sir,
Please find the attached.For your kind perusal.
Eshwar

0 0 TRANSPARENT REPORTS OF MONEY BEING SPENT ON PROJECTS IN GOVERNMENT SECTOR AT STATE AND CENTER DEPARTMENTS...
where people can see the break ups of budgets amounts: how much colonies and states get for which areas.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी वर्तमान शिक्षा प्रणाली में आमूलचूल परिवर्तन की आवश्यकता हे ५० साल पहले के भारत और आज के भारत में जमीन आसमान का अंतर है किन्तु शिक्षा प्रणाली में कोई परिवर्तन नहीं है आज से ५० साल दादा ने ऍम ऐ किया था तो अब पोता ऍम कॉम कर रहा हे जो दादा ने किया वो ही पोता कर रहा हे क्या समय केसाथ इसमें परिवर्तन नहीं होनाचाहिए ? स्कील ओरिएंटेड शिक्षा कीआवश्यकता हेछात्र की रूचि के अनुसार शिक्षा की व्यवस्था होना चाहिए वर्तमान मेंतो स्कूल कीजगह दुकाने चल रही हे जोकीन छात्र के हितमे न समाज केहित

0 0 Cops dress in India: to be of some other more approachable color rather than old corrupt khaki dress

0 0 Solar buses and vehicles in India
For electric buses/solar buses based on studies of Columbia University on NY electric buses fleet

0 0 No Comments for this issue. I am writing Pm again & again, but he could not reply to this dalit Parson. How Can......... Dalit is Always tortured by Govt. So my last letter was" Now  I have suffered financial crisis  to maintained my daily to daily my familiar life. So   Dear Lord, I kindly pray; As a kind hearted Parent, you will  send some money which I shall be obliged.  Otherwise I have decided  a option, to sale my one Kidney for my sister’s marriage.

0 0 CASINO CITY: FOREIGN EXCHANGE IN INDIA:
For CASINO CITY with formats/slabs for playing based on annual earnings of visitors and for citizen. Citizen can play with annual earnings slabs and visitors can play any amount.
Advantages: Legalized casino.
Foreign exchanges in India.
Slabs would ensure: families do not get spoiled due to casino.

0 0 Idea for students:
For legal trainings/open book test with sections and laws mentioned; before final admissions to institutes..
Advantages: Would alert the students of wrong doings as open book test they would need to clear and sign off would also be taken from those.

0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister,
I have wrote my mann ki baat ghaziabad me school h jis ka naam saraswati sikhsha niketan school, behrampur, near nh24, ghaziabad me h jo students ki life barbad kr rha h jis ne meri choti sister ka bhi one year barbad kiya h or uski classmate bhi fail hue h.. ye school fees to time pr and high charge krta h leki experience teacher afford nhi krta...that reason student ki exam preparation thik se nhi hoti or fail ho jate h..jis ka example meri choti sister h..

0 0 thanks for making available this platform for expressing our views about the examination system. I think the parents are confused about various boards CBSE, ICSE, SSC - which one will be better for their child. The examination pattern is also different for various borads like only written exam or Online/Internal + written exam.Students should be prepared from the exam point of view and they should be explained the application of the study like application of Integration,derivatives.

0 0 Rethink the teaching curriculum and improve the teaching standards. "One average or below average teacher can spoil the future of hundreds of students".
Rethink the B.ED and M.ED curricula. Make it more practical and applicable

0 0 Respected PM Modi Ji Sir
I am a student MCA, physical handicap  sir in bill divyang PASSed thank you but Private software company hame job pay nahi rakhati hai, or sir hamare to interview bhi nahi leti ki aap ko bad tab sir bahut dard hota hai. to pravite company ke kush kare jishake ki hme dusro ki trah job mil,plssir supporting kare hme logo ko. log kush kare aap achha kam karte rhe. love PM modi sir.

0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister,
I have wrote my mann ki baat in this pdf file. thank you.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir
I humbly request you to share this information during Mann Ki Baat that "The Parents should not force their wards to study in forcing manner. During examination time, many parents force their ward to study late night which develop mental stress in their brain and which confuses them during examination hall."
With Regards
Manish

0 0 Most of the schools not giving any importance for sports, so there should be new rules on requirements in sports for each school and every Grama Panchayath should keep separate land and infrastructure for sports .
Only spending crore of Rs on toppers like Saina, never receive any medals in Olympics. We have to spend more in infrastructure for sports.

0 0 Most of the schools not giving any importance for sports, so there should be new rules on requirements in sports for each school and every Grama Panchayath should keep separate land and infrastructure for sports .
Only spending crore of Rs on toppers like Saina, never receive any medals in Olympics. We have to spend more infrastructure for sports.

1 0 अगर कोई विद्यार्थी  FEES  देने मे असमर्थ रहता है या  FEES देने मे  लेट हो जाता है तो ऊसे EXAM मे बैठने नहीं दीया जाता
और उसका साल और करियर खराब कर दीया जाता है।
और फिर वो आगे अपनी पढाई करने मे असमर्थ रहता है। फिर वह गलत रास्ते पर चले जाता है।
अतः महोदय से विनम्र निवेदन है की Students  के ऊपर ध्यान देने की कृपा करे।
                  धन्यवाद

0 0 India on the verge of being an super power.Investment needed in (infrastructure ) human  properties  as well as Artificial  intelligence. .
Educational  system needs to be restructured, subjects since secondary  section should  be made optional  according  to interestsee of the student.

1 0 एक इंजिनियरिंग कालेज में सबकी सालाना FEES अलग अलग क्यों रहती है। 
क्या? सरकार के कुछ नियम के तहत हम सबकी FEES अलग अलग रखी गयी है।
सर कालेज मे अगर किसी का admission होता है तो admission करवाने वाले को 10,000 ₹ तक कमिशन कालेज देता है
जो Cash  मे होता है ।
जो एक प्रकार से काला धन मे आता है।
अगर एक व्यक्ति 50 admission करवाता है। तो ऊस व्यक्ति को 500000 (पांच लाख रुपए) जो कि पुरा काला धन है।
तो मेरा आपसे विनम्र निवेदन है की इन कालाबाजारी कालेजो पर भी कार्रवाई की जाए।

0 0 Sir, I suggest that the whole education system needs change. It should be more practical based than theoretical.Majority of the Children nowadays do not do anything creative or something practical. They have to be thought smallest of the things.They just mug up the books and give their exams and get good scores, but GK is zero. Our syllabus should be such that when a child passes SSC he/she should become an all rounder. I mean they should have all the technical, physical, mental etc strengths.

0 0 it has been seen that our country people are submitting false medical bills to claim deduction u/s 10 of IT act and the medical professional are charging upto 20% commission to issue false bills.My advise is to amend the act and make the deduction as healthy allowance which would be given to people to take care of their health rather than showing false bills and blanket deduction(Rs 15000) should be given without any proof same like conveyance allowance.

0 0 Humko Chahiye ki bachho Ko jyada press na kare padhne ke liye.
Bas unko pyar se samjhaye.
Ek Dostana mahol bahut jaruri h bachho ke saath.

0 0 I am from kerala and wish to discuss about the professional education. in kerala there is professional courses like medical and engineering are under separate universities. they never conduct examinations as per schedule. it will affect the students in different kind of difficulties. in this year they loss one month classes. in the remaining 4 months they have lot of works and the final examinations. please give necessary directions to universities to conduct the programmes as per schedule

0 0 1)Sir, CBSE and state syllabus should be merged and new modified syllabus should be prepared with Bharatiya Education System must be introduced replacing Indian Education Pattern. Due to different syllabus students not able to compete with national level.
2) All privet schools taking lot of donations and fee (For eg LKG it is around 60,000 Rs/year in Mangalore). That should be controlled at earliest.
3) Yoga should be compulsory and Karate should be compulsory for girls for their protection

0 0 Respected PM
   I am a student my suggestion is give free Education from KG To PG.without any criteria it will be helpful to growing country knowledge and as well as it make this person independent.

0 0 1)Sir, CBSE and state syllabus should be merged and new modified syllabus should be prepared with Bharatiya Education System must be introduced replacing Indian Education Pattern. Due to different syllabus students not able to compete with national level.
2) All privet schools taking lot of donations and fee (For eg LKG it is around 60,000 Rs/year in Mangalore). That should be immidiately.
3) Yoga should be compulsory and Karate should be compulsory for girls for their protection

0 0 It observed in the past many years that examinations scores are very high. does that mean that all the high scorers actually know their subjects ? In my opinion the exam results should actually show thorough is the knowledge of the students. Hence the question papers should be designed to bring out student's knowledge. The question papers should be a combination of simple and difficult questions to make sure that average students can pass but it should not be very high scoring.

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir.  My daughter is preparing for class X board exam.  What I found is that these days children do not read much and try to take short cuts to prepare for exam which will not prepare them for the upcoming competitive life especially for general category students.  Further I found that todays' modern gadgets are just distracting students from concentrating for long hours.  They are just looking time and again on their mobiles etc. Please appeal them to avoid these for now

0 0 Sir, There should be cap on the Fees charged by the Pvt.schools and there should be no donation demand. Schools are collecting Donations saying that its for your own child and building repairs. This LOOT should be stoped.

0 0 Keep in mind that examinations are not the end all of life.Take breakfast before going to the exam centre and  keep yourself hydrated.  Calm your nerves by giving positive affirmations before sleeping and before starting the day. Visit the exam centre one day before the examinations. Don't study late at night one day before the exam. Once you come back from exam centre, don't over analyse the paper start preparing for the next day's paper.Parents- keep the atmosphere in the house tension free.

0 0 Prime Minister has to give confidence to all students saying that the academic Exams are not final in their life.
1: Avoiding student suicide or its attempt from the post-exam.
2: All or not equal with biological features  - why one examination to everyone!!!
Let the teachers classify the students according to their caliber (Catching them at young). 3: Make a ecosystem where the teaching and training will be made compulsory without exams. Make compulsory of the attendance but not the exam.

0 0 I suggest SELF-DEFENCE, Marshall Art training should be part of syllabus for all students. This is how we can build a strong India.

0 0 My suggestion targets long term examination reforms. How can 50-60% students who have reached 10th std be suddenly found unfit to pass 10th std? Much of the 10th std portions have no relevance for most students- ex. a child good in humanities has no need to know detailed aspects of chemistry. If this student fails because he does badly in science, both the student & the state have failed. The system must support unearthing of aptitude & not unearth what failings exist in children. See attachment

0 0 I am belongs to very poor family. For my education i had visited most of the bank, but no one is ready to give a Education loan, no bank giving loan too for start small business. what to do tell me Sir. Sometime fell to go for attempts suicide. I am sharing this to my Modi Ji. But i don't know who will read this, and may be no one will read this.
Anyway "GOD BLESS YOU" Modi Ji, for long life.
JAI HIND.    
Thanks & Regards
Dhiman Aditya GM
Mobile: 09886746143

0 0 Parents should be a moral support to their children going for exams
Physical,mental,social and spiritual wellbeing of the pupil going for exams should be taken care
Always remember hard work leads to success

0 0 Dear Modiji, Being a parent, I think there shouldn't have any final exam for promoting to upper level upto class 2/3.There can b weekly test,task or practical in school premises..Upto class 2/3, classes should be 8am-12pm rather than 8am-2.10pm..its too much pressure on child upto 10yrs..schedulled from 7am to 3.30pm(aprx time taken for daily schooling duty except holidays)..health issues occurs as child don't get enough sleeping..no other time for extra curriculer activities..no passion

0 0 Students should start revising the syllabus atleast three months prior to exams
Atleast three to four revisions should be done
Neat handwritting fetches good marks in exams
First impression is the best impression
All questions which are well known should be written first
For science papers answer to the point
A student going for a exam should have adequate sleep of atleast seven hours
Should engage in spiritual habits like silent prayer,meditation for atleast half an hour in the day

0 0 I AM inviting your kind attention on matter of the Results (provisional) published for the exam of JUNIOR ACCOUNTANT AND TEHSIL REVENUE ACCOUNTANT 2013, by Rajasthan public selection commission,I Abhay Kr Sethia with roll no. 482508, with the category of General, NCC cand., is declared as not selected with the fact that I have qualified in both the papers separately as well as in aggregate also. THE MATTER IS THAT THE RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY

0 0 Exam should not be the only criteria to decide whether a student is talented and skilled. At schools students are mere puppets. They only do whatever they are told to do. They don't get any opportunities to show their innovative thinking. In maths too they have to follow whatever method is taught to them. They can't follow any other method. This has to change to remove exam fear. Students should also do regular studies instead of last moment preparation

0 0 I AM REQUESTING TO YOU TO PLEASE TAKE MOST URGENT ACTION ON MY COMMUNICATION TO PMO WITH  ID PMOPG/E/2017/0009163, AND ON PMOPG/E/2016/0541826.

0 0 give healthy environment to students. not Focus on percentage or gradation criteria. only the written papers not judge their abilities. Give project based or Field work example to fine the light within.

0 0 I am inviting your kind attention on Complains on THE MATTER OF RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY. MY COMPLAIN CAN BE VIEWED AS on the Rajasthan Sampark portal with ID 11160722035360. Complain on the PMO-PG portal is as under 1.	PMOPG/E/2016/0479910. 2. PMOPG/E/2016/0516960. 3. PMOPG/E/2016/0503463. 4.	PMOPG/E/2016/0541826. And​ 5.PMOPG/E/2017/0009163​.
PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHMENT AS IT IS VEER IMPORTANT. ALL THESE COMPLAIN ARE PENDING MORE THEN 60 DAYS.

0 0 Private Pre primary schools needs to be regulated with cap on fees. Today the fees stand at nearly Rs. 250000 for a 2 hour school that too nursery sounds absurd but no choice as you do not get admissions mid way in any school.
We require some sort of capping mechanism for admissions in private schools.

0 0 SELF-DEFENCE training should be part of syllabus for girl students.

0 0 One should start studying and doing home work from the beginning of the academic year.
A minimum of daily three to four hours of study is needed
Should keep them updated with the syllabus taught
Should attend all classes,tests and exams.
Should try to improve in the mistakes done in the previous exams
Make an habit to wake up early in the morning for studying.Atleast 5 30 AM.Things that has been studied in the morning is retained well

0 0 In each questions all the marks is the right of the students. When ever any mark get deducted by the teacher from any question he has to give the proper explanation reasoning as comment for that deduction part. Upgrade courses and introduces new courses according to the contemporary needs of the World. Why these courses are important, give motivation for that to student to generate interest and encouragement. Let them ask as many questions as possible.

0 0 "A healthy mind lives in a healthy body." So most importantly a student should take care of his health. Avoid eating junk food. Infact before two or three weeks stick to the normal healthy hone food rather than going out. Your body will be healthy and fit and it will prevent you from falling ill just before your exam. Don't ever bring a drastic change in your meals just before exams because it may adversely affect health and lead to illness. Above all trust yourself and don't panic...!!

0 0 Dear Sir,
Every human being is different and the method of selection cannot be same for all.
Selection process must have psychometric test rather than asking questions on GK, English, maths or other subjects.
If a young person does not know Pythagoras theorem, how does it effect him in performing job in bank or in Army? Does it hampers from using computer or firing bullets from gun?
Change selection process of Govt job entrance exam.

0 0 Resp PM
This is CA Ranjan.Before clear CA exam had face tough situations regarding how to crack this exam & what should be My strategy, policy, techniques to face, plan to tackle this exam,dedications, hard labour & techniques to click .
Hence It's My immense to share some of major points which May help & M sure, if they follow then easily get success . As far my knowledge 12th exam will be most important for each student which will decide their future as well.
Best Regards
RANJAN

0 0 I think Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modiji, need to address the students and emphasize on students to be steadfast and be "Dhakshya" i.e., Savadhan / alter in every moment they spend now on till their exam.
Further, should not waste time on mobiles, particularly Whatsapp and messages with friends, which will normally increase their stress. The students need to work according to their plan, and need not know what other student is has done, completed etc. Stick to one's own teaching schedule.

0 0 Sir,
I feel it is the responsibility of the Governing body  for example Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya committee to  appoint well qualified teachers and fixing their responsibility of imparting knowledge to the students particularly in the area of Science and technology may well equip the students to face the board examinations.

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
In my view,Bharatiya Education System must be introduced replacing Indian Education Pattern.
With sincere regards.
A.K.Roy- a Patriot

0 0 Respected sir/Madem,
I make such a efficient engine having mileage twice of present 4-stroke engine.
My engine has published in Indian patent Journal.
I also prepare a project of ZERO TURNING RADIUS & it having a feature of adjust the ground clearance to any lever even zero. In these vehicle no any need of differential.
I HAVE 2 IDEAS TO REDUCE THE POLLUTION WITH ALMOST NEGLIGIBLE COST. 
Sir/Madem, I want a small 5-10 min appointment with Respected MODI(PM-INDIA) sir
pl help

1 0 I want to say that coaching system is destroying Indian school education system.Let us take the example of iit entrance exam ,At cota coaching factory students from 5th or 8th class starts preparing for it.The fee of coaching is very high it is not possible for poor students to pay high fee.

0 0 During exam time students remain stressed due to cut-throat competition among them and expectations from their parents and teachers.We all are running behind the marks scored in the exams due to our Modern Education System (specifically Primary Education).
I, on behalf of parents and students, sincerely urge Prime Minister Sh. Narendra Modi Ji to make complete changes in primary education system by the way of incorporating MORAL & VALUE BASED EDUCATION, CULTURAL EDUCATION, SPORTING EDUCATION.

0 0 Sir what's the point of having exams till +2 (12th class). Exam results are making schools to get prepared for exams rather than making students understanding subjects. Thus the students are never ready  degree education and then not ready for jobs after degree. We shall change our education system to be subject oriented rather than result oriented.

0 0 I appreciate your efforts to make our nation more powerful. In each aspect we need to follow globalization. In manufacturing, import export, outsourcing, farming our nation is going so good. But what about cast based reservation?? Does India really need a cast based reservation? Can't we follow economic based reservation instead of cast based reservation?
The first step towards this is 'make non creamy layer compalsary for ST/SC also', A man who earns more than 6 lpa don't need reservation

0 0 Students has to read and write . If they have habit of writing while reading it will save lot of there time during there exam preparation. Its just they need to go through there written notes while they are getting ready for exam.
Writing habit also gives them lot of confidence while writing for exam questions, it also improves there hand writing and also speed of writing.
So my request is dont only read your books, try to write notes on your own words.
All the best to all my juniors

1 0 मेरे पिताजी कहा करते थे परीक्षा की तैयारी ऐसे करो जैसे कोई जवान जंग की तैयारी करता है। परीक्षा पूर्व अगर बच्चे नियत समय से काम समय में घर पर ही परीक्षा देने की आदत डाल ले और अपने उत्तर की जांच शिक्षक से करा ले तो गलती की संभावना मिट जायेगी और परीक्षा के लिए डर भी निकल जायेगा।
परीक्षा की रात अपने दोस्तों से इस तरह की बात जिससे उनके मन में और डर हो नहीं करनी चाहिए। कई बच्चे अपने मित्र से उसकी तैयारी और अपनी तैयारी की चर्चा परीक्षा पूर्व करते है जिसका विपरीत प्रभाव पड़ता है।
डॉ राजेश ठाकुर
शिक्षक

0 0 #MannkiBaat Sir,Some small experiences which helped me to stay calm and to revise easily the complete syllabus 2-3 times in a single day before exam:1.Preparation of small pointed notes(revision becomes fun and easy to remember the points)2.Low anxiety and Sound sleep 3.Sparing time for sports and other events,so i never felt frustrated by studies.4.Self assessment practice by properly writing past exams for continuous 3 hours, it will help in completing paper in time (daily 20 days before exam)

0 0 सर!आज शिक्षा में सबसे बडी समस्या है देश में सैकडों प्रकार की शिक्षा.प्लीज पाठ्यक्रम एक करने की तरफ कुछ कीजिए.

0 0 Write your answers in the 13-15 font size. Write correct Question Number in Answer book from Question Paper and in Left Margin only. Write in small Points and paras. Write Sub points in the Right and main part of the page but not in the left margin. Don't leave blank lines between the sentences. Start every new Essay type answer from new page. Write neat and Straight word. Slanting,artistic, and designer words cannot be read easily hence you loose your marks. Draw Graphs, Chart on Right page.

1 0 परीक्षा तैयारी के सम्बन्ध में मेरे मन की बात

0 0 In my opinion, an all-round approach is needed w.r.t the students approaching various examinations. The focus need not be only on the curriculum aspect but even on extra-curricular as well, for the overall personality development. For eg, Games and Sports teach us the importance of winning and understand losing, teaches us leadership, team-work etc. Such a long-term approach makes a student not only examination ready but he will be brave enough to embrace many challenges in the life ahead. #AIR

0 0 The exams should not be a nightmare to the students. It should be  an assessment on knowledge and  should not be a measurement of reproduction of by hearted notes.

0 0 One of the best videos ever made for children appearing for exams.
NO parent, teacher or school should miss watching this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxHeYIBgY30&t=592s

0 0 In this diverse country, where there is a huge difference in the quality of education based on the region he/she belongs there is always huge pressure on students to fulfil dreams seen by their parents.Parents need to take a step back and allow the student to enjoy the subject rather than making effort to score. Good understanding is what it takes to do new things not an A+ on the grade sheet. Learning is process not goal. A better understanding of the subject will reward with good grades.

0 0 Time management is key to success & also it can prevent stress.Revisions are important to remember & reproduce in exams. See the Syllabus & previous year question paper pattern. Balanced diet & adequate sleep for 6 hours is must to maintain health.

0 0 sir, firstly u address free medical facility for all in good pvt. hospitals. govt. hospitals situation u know very well. second good education with improvement of govt. school screening of teachers

0 0 The one thing that comes instantly to my mind when I hear the term "competitive examinations" is "Reservation". As you know, reservation was introduced to reduce caste based biases which existed in India. It was meant to uplift the backward castes and provide them with equal opportunities. But this is being profusely misused today. I know students from well to do families who have taken the benefits of reservation. This should change if India is to prosper.

0 0 Why should students write so many examinations like State CET exam, IIT JEE Mains , IIT JEE Advance, Exams by private universities such as SRM/VIT/Symbiosis/Bits Pilani etc. (at 20 -25 such universities conduct entrance tests). So much money is collected for conduct of examinations, paper and resources are wasted, pressure on students to prepare and writ so many examinations.
I request you to save the young minds from tremendous pressure.

0 0 Thanks for creating a forum where we can share our views.
I wish to draw your kind attention to the report submitted by Committee to examine the JEE system dated 1st November 2015 by Shri Ashok Misra, Chairperson, BoG, IIT Link of report is Roorkee. http://mhrd.gov.in/sites/upload_files/mhrd/files/upload_document/Report-...
I request you to implement it so that students appearing for IIT-JEE are free from Pressure of examination.
Save our children sir.

0 0 In the developed countries, when the Kid is too young, parents or teachers observe their interest, whether they are more attracted towards calculations or Innovations or Inspections and so on, then the Parents or Teachers train the young kid in the respective fields to promote their interest.
Meaning, when they grow-up, either they will be Scientists or Astronauts or Authors.
In our country, we insist young children to learn about History, Business, Movies because they have to earn big

0 0 Life is more than any random numbers dotted on a piece of paper called "Report Card". The students who are going to appear for the Board exams should understand that Academic Examinations are very important part of life and one has to sincerely put everything on his/her capacity to score good marks but its equally true to that they are just "a part" of life and not the life itself. So no need to take pressure or stress beyond one's limitation because as Life is more than EXAMS

0 0 Students should realise that the exams are of course important, but it is not the end. Student life is a stage in one's life and much more are to come, each with its own challenges and pleasures. So while giving exams the due importance, students should not forget to enjoy all the other aspects of student life. Brooding over exams that have passed does not help. They should learn to move on.

0 0 Stop using Technologies and start using your Brains, because Technologies are always an artificial memory, your Brain is always a Permanent Memory that lasts long up to your life span.
Technology only causes too stress to manipulate your own human body part, whereas God has gifted everyone with a unique Brain and Reasoning capabilities to prove you are different from others.
Enjoy the Exams to test your own Reasoning power and Brain capabilities

0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister,
Though my point is not related to Students and Exams, it is relevant in the current context. It may or may not be included in your "Mann Ki Baat" address, I wish to mention this because I feel it is required.
Your soldiers against black money were the on-ground bank employees. Other than just thanking  & mentioning them, give them some tangible benefits like compensatory allowance or leave. It will motivate others also to contribute to your dreams for nation.

1 0 Modiji with the help of yours I would like to convey one most important message to all students their parents and teachers is that getting fail or pass in an exam or getting high percentage alone didn't certify a student good or bad. Becoming successful does not mean scoring high marks, it means gathering knowledge, wisdom, virtues and in process helping others also who cannot achieve it. There are many achievers around us who failed in exams but at present they have become our idols.

0 0 STUDENTS SHOULD BE EXPOSED TO THE ENVIRONMENT.THIS INCREASES THEIR CREATIVENESS AND ENABLES THEM TO TAKE OWN DECISIONS AND LATER THEY GET EXPERIENCE FROM THEIR DECISIONS.EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.NO B.TECH COLLEGE IN INDIA SHOULD LIMIT THE STUDENT TO STAY AND LEARN IN A CLASSROOM.THIS GRADUALLY TURNED UP LIKE GROWING HENS IN A FARM.THE SYLLABUS REGARDING EXAMS LIKE GATE EXAM SHOULD BE ADDED IN THE CURRICULUM.EVERY MUST HAVE WIFI CONNECTION AND STUDENTS SHOULD EXPERIENCE DIGITAL LEARNING.

0 0 Respected PM
1. The syllabus should be reduced in all the subjects for all the levels whether at school, college or university. Even at schools choice should be there in choosing the subjects and specializations should be offered to the students.
2. Semester system should be replaced with annual system as before.
3. Reduced syllabus will help in better understanding the concepts with lesser pressure on the students. They will focus more on comprehension rather than cramming.

0 0 Youngsters should keep themselves fit, healthy, cool and cheerful during the exams. They must not think too much about the result rather they should focus on the preparations and weakness of their topics. They should take proper sleep and diet. They should be careful about their safety as well which may inflict any injury. Avoid unnecessary giving extra time to the topics which they have not gone through in depth during the course year. They should be always positive and faith in them.

0 0 I am Ms. Priya Francis D'souza. A teacher from Nashik.
I am very glad to know that you will be addressing the nation on the topic of youngsters appearing for exams.
Sir, we Indians to a lot of extent believe in only MARKS,Reservation and not talent.Be it the parents ,teachers or for that matter the Govt. as well.I strongly feel that if the education system changes from Marks oriented to talent oriented , our students who are truly talented will do well.Change is required in the education.

0 0 Sir through your voice I wish to express All the Very Best. There are no stringent rules to follow, as expressed by every senior, My expressions 1. Every student idel reading time would be early in the morning from 3.30 am onwards till 7.00 am. 2. Prayer is must to Godess Saraswathi and God Hanuman before start.3. Every 2 hour's once break for atleast 10mts is required to recap their study. No dependency on imp questions. UNDERSTAND things. do not copy or byhart.

1 0 Unprepared students - DON'T WORRY; If you have not studied well till today;
"PLAN YOUR WORK & WORK YOUR PLAN" is the KEY to SUCCESS.
Now when very few days are left for examination, the students should plan the available days and hours of study, divide them subject wise and carry out focused work. Put efforts only to study what you can remember and give your best.
Don't worry about all syllabus, but focus on what you can study and give your 100%. Result will be positive.
ALL THE BEST!!!

1 0 Modiji's government has been proactive in many fields. However, the country's education system hasn't received as much attention. In the attached document I have listed a few possibilities that the government might want to consider in reforming the current examination system

0 0 Sir through your voice I wish to express to all the students All the Very Best. There are no stringent rules to follow, as expressed by every senior, I too would like to place few things which may comeup through mouth. 1. Every student idel reading time would be early in the morning from 3.30 am onwards till 7.00 am. 2. Prayer is must to Godess Saraswathi and God Hanuman before start.3. Every 2 hour's once break for atleast 10mts is required to recap their study. No dependency on imp questions.

0 0 Respected Sir,I AM VERY HAPPY THAT MHRD HAS STOP CALCULATING BOARD MARKS IN SELECTION PROCESS IN TOP ENGINEERING COLLEGE IITs & NITs THIS YEAR 2017, BUT THEY HAVE exterminated CARRIER OF BRIGHT STUDENTS CONTINUOUS FOR 4 YEARS FROM 2013-17.I have written this email & attachments to all IASin MHRD before they are going to declare result for selection in TOP Engineering College IITs & NITs with the wrong normalization process in 2013. I have shown them how it will impact the Bright Student carrier.

0 0 Youngsters appearing for Exams are facing acute Mental Harassment on account of the following highlighted Irregularities & Systemic misgivings.Police Station of Keshavpuram,Delhi-110035 is 'harboring' and 'nurturing' a MAFIA alongside & therefore Local residents, particularly Students are made to go through an Annual BOUT of NOISE POLLUTION erupting from the very-own area of Police Station of Keshavpuram,Delhi-35. Hon. PM must pay a heed & facilitate Urgent remedial action.

0 0 Ideas to prepare well in exams are many. But the key to success for any and every student is REVISION. It is revision which makes them understand easy concepts faster and tricky concepts easier. Ishwar chandra Vidyasagar ji ne kaha hai "Karat Karat Abhyaas Ke, Jad-mati Hot Sujan, Rasri Aawat Jat te Sil Par Parat Nishan". Even a continuous flowing water can convert big stones into pebbles, why can't our young student do the same? Yes they can! and They will!

0 0 Because of the policy of sending children to far off schools for exams, children often reach the center hours before the exam. Many schools do not give resting place and children often need to stand in the hot sun. This is harsh.
2. In other schools teachers give exam instructions to children. Here again children are made to stand in the hot sun listening to long redundant instructions. Children are entitled to a peaceful and quiet time before exam. Pre-exam sermons should be banned.

0 0 We need to remove caste discrimination, all student should be treated equally. Ideally kid doesn't know what is meant by caste, we only teaches them by creating reservation.So now, this is high time to abolish reservation quota from Education System. I have seen many student who misses the opportunity due to nominal marks whereas reserve category can make it. So this is huge injustice with young children & student who study whole year, but our system throws them out because of reservation policy

0 0 Parents used to scold their children even during festival holidays for not studying. These holidays are for them to enjoy. Instead of scolding, encourage them.Otherwise it will   adversely effect their tender mind and might lead to tragedy.

0 0 Hello sir,
Aeronautical engineering students are suffering from good internship and job. Please sir help us.

0 0 Also the reservation on caste basis should end from school level. Let the meritorial student get scholarship and go to good college but he should compete in general category as all other students. Nobody likes to get treated from an Sc/ST doctors- or make it compulsory for all Politicians and bureaucrats to get treated from these doctors. All public servants should send their children to govt. schools so that their standard of education is comparable to private schools.

0 0 સાદર પ્રણામ ,
આપણા દેશ ના બધા જ ગામડાઓ માં બેંકો છે જ પરંતુ તેનો હજી પ્રમાણ માં ઉપયોગ થતો નથી અને તેને કોઈ ગણતરીમાં નથી લેતું. પરંતુ તેને ગામ લોકો મળીને સરકાર ની સહાય થી તેને ભરપૂર ઉપયોગ  થઇ શકે છે તેને  ડિજિટલ યુગ માં ફેરફાર કરીને આપણી એટલે કે ગામની સર્વે પ્રથમ બેન્ક બનાવી શકીયે જેથી કરીને ગ્રામ્ય વિસ્તાર ના લોકોને બીજી બેંકો માં જવું ના પડે અને પૈસા ની લેવડ દેવળ સરળતા થી કરી શેકીયે ...... તે નું નામ છે પોસ્ટ ઓફિસ ..
હું  સરકાર ને વિનંતી કરું છું કે ગ્રામ્ય વિસ્તાર ની બધી જ પોસ્ટ ઓફિસોને પાક

0 0 Many students ends up in doing wrong doings in exams all because of peer pressure, family pressure etc. we have to tell them no matter whatever happen we should not deviate from path of honesty. Because education not only the books it is overall development of a human.

0 0 Sir,Maine Kafi Dino se dekha hai ki har ek gaon mein Jo Asha karya Karti hai unki ishthiti dayniye hai. Jab Maine unse ye baat puchhi to unhone KAHA ki government ki taraf SE koi salary NAHI milti hai
Aur hamlog raat din mehnat Karin 10 years SE kar Rahe hai lekin aaj tak kuchh Mila NAHI. Thodi bahut paise hame kuchh kaam ke badle milte hai jisse Ghar pariwar chakra hai. To kripya inpar kuchh dhyan de aur iska koi Hal nikale.
                    Thanking you

0 0 Scoring system is not uniform across different boards(CBSE,ICSE,State Boards etc).so marks scored through one board can not be compared with other.Also, it may happen by chance that a bright student may get less score in a particular exam due to illness or other problems faced at the time of exam.So scores in a particular board exam(e.g. minimum 70% score in 12th,Graduation etc) should not be a criteria to bar students to appear in competitive exams.

0 0 मै अापकाे बताना चाहता हॅू िक मै भारतीय दलहन अनुसंधान संसथान में apprentice करता हूॅं । मुझे वेतन 50% िदया जाता है कहते है फंड नहीं अाया है। जब अा जायेगा तब िमल जाएगा। सर मुझे 6 महीनें हाे गये हैं अभी तक पूरा वेतन नहीं िमल रहा है। 
अतः अापसे िनवेदन है िक उपयर्क्त कथन पर पकाश डालने की कृपा करें।

0 0 Due to shortage of space, I am continuing from where I left.The Govt should design courses, that relate to one's career prospects (under graduate/ non-professional graduate courses), so that, the student is interested in her future.A science & arts graduate is stuck to pursue only either sales or pharma related prospects.The curriculum has to have subjects/courses related to the above.lets wait and watch.

0 0 I will request teachers to ask more common sense questions to analyze the child IQ, instead of rote and cramming from books.
You can ask questions about how you can keep the school clean? what is your contribution in the daily chores of the house?
What changes you will like in your school curriculum? Do you like what is taught in school?
Hindi and English subjects should have questions like writing four line poems or start a story - student will complete it using their imaginations.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
It is quite unfortunate that still most of the university applies the yearly evaluation system instead of a weekly evaluation.The problem with the yearly evaluation system that one will not get the benefit of studying thoroughly rather the students go for pick and choose method and most of the time they get succeed.Unfortunately the national level entrance test gave importance to the thoroughly study not pick and choose and they prefer MCQ rather than  long boring ans.

0 0 परीक्षा तैयारी के सम्बन्ध में मेरे मन की बात

0 0 Presently exams are conducted to assess how much a student learn the lesson by heart and not to assess his natural capabilities.Schools and Parents torture students to score 100% .When a school gets more 1st class and centum in exams their rating goes up in market and they demand more capitation fee for the next year admissions . Poor students are put in a pressure cooker situation and for the young students are mentally tortured. exam may be proactive to assess their natural abilities

0 0 The policy of sending 10th and +2 CBSE children to far-off schools for exams has to be relooked.
Children often have their schools at walkable distance, but for exams they are allotted exam centers at other schools sometimes 20km away. This inflicts stress and exhaustion on children and monetary expenses on parents.
Is it not logistically easier to transport a few external examiners, rather than transport the entire class of students?

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी
सादर प्रणाम,
महोदय! आज के किशोर और युवा वर्ग में प्रतिभा भी कमी नहीं है. उनमे उत्साह भी है. कमी है तो उन्हें जागृत करने की. सबसे ज्यादा मन दुखी है की प्रतिस्पर्धा में जितने के लिए बच्चे अनजाने में ऊर्जा वर्धक नशीली चीजों का सेवन क्र रहे हैं. अगर, हम इन मासूम लड़के-लड़कियों को इनसे सुरक्षित रख पाएंगे तभी हमारी संस्कृति, संस्कार और देश को गर्त में जाने से बचा पाएंगे. मेरा मन इन को देख कर बहुत दुखी-चिंतित रहता है कि हमारे 'युग के युवा, युग के जुवा' किधर और कहाँ जा रहे

0 0 Majority of students waste their entire year up to the start of the deadline for exams. Due to parental pressure, they start to prepare with 2 months to go.The schools, colleges should ensure, that, the student is continuously monitored & made to gain knowledge first, rather than making him/her to go after just passing.Its has become a business of minting money, rather than imparting knowledge to children.The Govt.to invest more time, manpower & invest in opening qualitative Govt run colleges.

0 0 majorly in india the school and college timings are wrongly distributed, i just want to suggest that if the all colleges where they are engg medical or arts and law their should be common timing as morning 7 am to upto their requirement because the country is strong when its youth is going to be able to strong. and as the youth in our country is lazy enough that even it 12o'clock i thought around 65-70% of youth of india is in bed. where as the little champ of ourcountry need more sleep.think it

0 0 love to share my usefull thought with modi ji... best of luck for all of my younger brother/sister..

0 0 One thing to be kept in mind is, board exams are not as big a challenge as portrayed by the parents, teachers and relatives or your classmates. All that you require for the exam is sufficient amount of preparation not just to score and pass, but to keep the knowledge with you use in the long run. Exam demands that you put your priorities clear and strike a balance between your leisure and academics. Keeping your notes precise and comprehensive for faster learning and ease of access when required

0 0 love to share my isefull thought with modi ji..best of luck to all of my younger sister & brother

0 0 firstly i want to say that there should be reservation based on economic conditions of a child not based on caste as many students jinke paas paise ki problem hai wo to chaah k bhi aage nhi badh paate hai...or jo general students jinke paas talent hai wo bhi caste based reservation ki wajah se peeche reh jaate hai or bohat si oppurtunities unhe nhi mil paati hai..mai bas ye kehna chaahti hu ki ab to sab barabar hai fr padhai me reservation kaisa mehnat to utni sab hi krte hai..

0 0 DELHI UNIVERSITY IS VIOLATING MY RIGHTS TO EDUCATE MYSELF.  To support my family I took a job after Class 12 and enrolled for a B.Com (P) corresp. course with School of Open Learning, Delhi Univ.  I took 6 yrs instead of 3 yrs to complete my B.Com as I was doing job. In Jun 2016 I cleared all but 1 paper. University is not allowing me to sit and clear 1 last paper. -ARCHIE BERI,Student,B.Com(Pass), School of Open Learning, Del. Univ. SOL Roll No. 10-1-02-017811,Exam Roll No.7037175,Ph:9990051000

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
I request you to please do not make barriers of percentage of marks in graduation/post graduation in any government orgainisation's competitive exam.As we know that many Maharatna, Navratna and Miniratna government orgnisation eligibility criteria for apply is 60% marks,so most of the candidate not apply and miss their chance.Please increase age limit of such Maharatna, Navratna and Miniratna government orgnisation's competitive exam.

0 0 Exam pattern should change towards 50% of writing (Logical,Analytical and Design Skill) 50% of Demonstration or doing experimentation with the demonstration.

0 0 Share your ideas for Mann Ki Baat with youngsters appearing for exams

0 0 exam should be taken as challenge for students  ,teachers should also treat students in friendly atmosphere in exam days and also motivate students to perform well , small mistake of students should be ignored in exam days  so that they don't feel stress, parents responsibility is much more they should also give freedom to students to do preparation in his own way and motivate them to not use unhealthy ways to clear exams

0 0 sir i want cashless india then there should be open bank in every school.
This is helpful for the people of the country and banking system is good

0 0 All schools have preferences and various methods which create a unfair education system. All private schools in Mumbai have parents interview and children exams to grant them admissions.I want u to highlight this aspect, how can we be fair in education system when the principals have a bias on selecting who should be their student.There are schools 5 minutes walking distance from my home but my child does not get admissions but 10 children living 5 kms from school. This is unfair.

0 0 To my knowledge and experience, I am sure that thorough knowledge should be kept in mind while preparing for exams. I recall the moments when I told my daughter at Board level exams that she must concentrate on the basics of topics rather than getting good grades. I am happy to note that she has got her Ph.D. this year.

0 0 The focus in majority of the schools today is to somehow complete the syllabus, the teaches only focus on theoretical knowledge while practical applications of any subject are harldy touched.
The burden on children is equal in terms of getting good grades only, leading to mugging (ratta) which does not provide any gains.
Syllabus today should focus more on practical applications of the subjects with more focus on hands on techniques.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister
It would be great if you could share your views that in respect to the examination, what are the plans to increase/ignite reading habits in India as it is the need of students now.

0 0 Gardner identify eight abilities for intelligence:
musical-rhythmic,
visual-spatial,
verbal-linguistic,
logical-mathematical,
bodily-kinesthetic,
interpersonal,
intrapersonal, and
naturalistic.
He later suggested existential and moral intelligence.
But our exam system includes limited skills. It should be able to evaluate maximum number of abilities. It will help parents in identifying specific intelligence of the child. Infact, we should have different class ranking for each.

0 0 Teachers have to be oriented to teach and implement time management, concentration, peer coaching and other learning techniques.

0 0 Exams should be taken as a matter of course and a challenge. The best way to prepare is to write down the answers. This will help in retaining what has been learnt. Do not wait till the eleventh hour for preparations. It will help in not comparing with others in your group.Put your best foot forward. Don't leave anything to chance.

0 0 one of the major point need to highlight is that reservations in schools based on the actual economically poor students. not on religion or anything. current reservations will restrict actually POOR students in the community. The word POOR has to be identified on a proper mechanism. not on village officer's certificate.

0 0 Copying is rampant due to various reasons--those reasons have to be examined and addressed.

0 0 Dear Mr. PM, I request you to urge the students to concentrate on learning and not achieving high grades. Grades are momentary, and most of the time they will follow if the basic concepts are clear and the student has understood the subject. 
I notice that these days the focus is way too much on achieving high.. I recently went looking for kindergartens for my daughter who is 2+ years, and realised how much stress we end up putting onto kids. Thats not worth it! Let kids be kids, please!

0 0 Schools should initiate lots of extracurricular activities(includes compulsory yoga and meditation)ensure each student participate actively in this. Schools initiate medical check ups every regular intervals.Physically unfit(excess body weight/weight loss etc;)has to get resolved from school+parents end.May be insurance companies can do a major role in this. tie up with major dailies.Thus we can mold a healthy children mentally and physically. This should start in the rural govt schools.

0 0 1. Schools should hold counselling sessions on how to deal with exam stress;brief parents and guardians on how to support students before, during and after getting the results. 2. Schools, teachers, students and parents should be aware of all the academic possibilities. 3. strict rules on advertisements that celebrate or take credit for the success of students to be prohibited.

0 0 EXAM IS NOT TARGET IT IS THE MEDIUM TO PROVE YOURSELF.

0 0 First of all , all those students who are preparing for board exam need a motivation power and hardwork to get the success ,continuous practice of wealthy chapters
           All the best to all students 👍

0 0 Sir,
I request you,
Ek kadam sattaya ta aur.

0 0 SIR I am Lakshay arora student of class 9 want to say that please encourage students so that they don't be afraid of exams

0 0 Spoiling lot of time ,money, energy for searching and applying to get admission in top engineering college, why not all put together in one portal. Their entrence process is different, syllabus is different, test date is not suitable,some state reserve the seat on account of state domicile,thousands of money required for application only. Make a system so they must accept the result of JEEE MAIN, ADVANCE and single window for councelling

0 0 Dear PM, Really Thanks for considering this topic for discussion and action,
Students of this country are thought How to pass exam,How to Score in exam which creates pressure and loss of Goal.The focus should not be on exam but focus on conceptually,Practically understanding the topic.Focus should be on grooming the skills not adding up new skills always, understanding the nature of student his interest should be considered for the future growth.Student should learn to fail & learn to rise up.

0 0 I request you to take online examination with biometric authentication for all exams in future are to be handled by india government and state government provide circular for state government to take online examination and to avoid cheating in all exam specially for RPSC

0 0 में पर्यारण प्रेमी#छोटे से गावँ से#भौतिकी छात्र#राहुल राठौर नीमच,मध्यप्रदेश से पर्यांवरण की रक्षा के प्रति मेरा सन्देश.
हर तरफ लाल मिटी का प्रयोग औद्योगिक क्षेत्र में ईंटो के निर्माण में किया जा रहा है,
उसके प्रयोग में जो पर्यारण को नुकसान पहुच रहा है,उससे निकलता हुआ दुषित धुँआ#पकाने की विधि में लकडियो का इस्तेमाल#बेहद भयानक है.
ऐसा न हो की हम लाल मिटी का खनन इतना करदे की प्रकृति का प्रारूप ना बदल जाए.पर्यावरण को बचाने की मुहीम में आप तक यह सन्देश पंहुचा रहाहु.

0 0 Only book education is of no use. Even a highly skilled person or a highly scientific brain can adopt the wrong line which is very evident from the present CRIME TREND. Like we do not forget a TABLE of 2 because we have gone through several times during childhood we should CHANT good character building thoughts  so that we do not go the wrong way ever. Most important is the POSITIVE DIRECTION of MIND in building a personality. Replacing GANDHI BY SAVARKAR does not help as we read and forget.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Some students purchase practical books of class 10th just after giving class 9th exams & start preparation 1 hr daily. This students show smartness whole year whereas other keep guessing how?

1 0 Hi Sir , I would recommend pupils should start to practice yoga and mediation which is vital in their life at present , most of them are going under tremendous pressure so to ease these better to practice these , at the same time be more vigilant in class, listen what teacher teaches , listen , memorise and do the home work every day , finish all pending day by day and don't keep for next day , thus will give exam easy for pupils , also practice for the previous years question papers

0 0 Dear Prime Minister, First of all, the style and method of examination shall be replaced with evaluation system of overall performance of candidate.  At present, examination is only regarding candidate's knowledge in text book only.  This shall be expanded to other primary but very important aspects  a student should have - such as character and conduct, attitude, skills, behavior inside class with fellow students and teachers and other working staff of the educational institutions.

0 0 I have founded Reading Circle for Children in 1986 (Regd) and the details can be had from my website www.readingcircle.in. and ct 9840339574. (Chennai) and so far helped more than 2000 children to become self-reliant for studies by 10. And, in my Orientation Programme I teach children the Test Skills apart from Study, Reading, memory, Concentration, Projects, Motivation.  For a dedicated mind, nothing is a barrier. I conduct courses through Skype too.    I also got awards, fellowships... etc.,

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir.
Being a father of twins teenagers, I can understand the pressure on students. We as parents are also going through the same pressure. At this point of time I would like to mention  here that a number of steps have been taken by CBSE to reduce the weight of books being carried by our childrens to schools.  However, most of the Kendriya Vidyalayas in Delhi are not not adhering this.  I request your kind honour to consider this issue at PRIORITY basis.

0 0 Sir thanks for the step taken towards demonetisation.Hounarable PM now a days education is growing in a rapid way nd school,colleges are also growing but fees are too much that even middle class family cant afford in that.And feees should be limited.And the educatin facility in bihar is worst position there is lack of school and colleges.#PMonRadio,#MaanKiBaat,#MyGov

0 0 Sir
Talk about Uselessness of mobile games. Talk about games  & its benefit in reducing stress.
our exam system is designed for testing memory ln place of that it should be work oriented

0 0 my views

0 0 Exam should be in two part (Semester System)
Half Yearly 30% weightage (Half syllabus)
Yearly 70%  weightage(Full Syllabus)
 Till it happens I just give my best wishes to all the students.
Arun Tyagi
M.Tech on Technology and Development(IIT Bomaby)

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Of India,
Sir,I'm Adv.Neenu From Kerala.Now I invite your attention to the non-scientific fixation of age related to Combined Graduate Level Examination conducted by Staff Selection Commission.No universities in India give Graduation Certificate at the age of 18 years.But as per the Combined Graduate Level Examination notification,the applicants'age is fixed from 18 to 27 years.This unscientific method of age fixation spoils the opportunities of lakhs of youth.

0 0 "All the Best" to all the Youngsters who are to appear in various exams.
Here are some tips:
1. Concentrate.
2. Revise.
3. Try to visualize things.
4. Answers need to be precise.
5. Draw small diagrams roughly, if possible
6. Manage exam time well.

0 0 PRADHAN MANTRIJI, FIRST OF ALL I CONGRATULATE YOU FOR YOUR BOLD STEP IN IMPLEMENTING DEMONETISATION.SIR WHEN YOU WILL DO A GOOD JOB THE OPPOSITION WILL TRY TO DIVULGE THE ISSUE FOR THEIR OWN CAUSE. BUT AS YOU ARE WORKING FOR THE CAUSE OF THE NATION SINCE YOUR ASSUMPTION OF OFFICE GOD WILL HELP YOU IN DEFEATING THE EVIL FORCES. YOUR BOLD WORK FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR SOCIETY WILL REMAIN FOREVER REMARKABLE IN THE HEART OF MILLION INDIANS.PLS TAKE STEPS AGANSIT PVT SCHOOLS WHO ARBITRARILY ENHANCE

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir. 
Being a mother of a teenager, I can understand the pressure on students.   We as parents are  also going through the same pressure.  Although we usually tell our children not to take pressure and maintain their cool, but at the same time we put our worries on their shoulders.   Being a working women, I request you to consider special leave for working mothers to give moral support to their children in exam days.
With regards

0 0 The system of negative marking in Entrance exams is inhuman and adds to the fear of exams.
Erring is human. Punishing for a wrong answer deters even an intellingent student to try and answer a challenge. This can wrongly twist his/her psychology in future life also. Don't we want our children to venture in unknown areas of life and science? Do we want them to try only the known and sure?

0 0 Respected Sir,
My name is Praveen Kumar Singh pursuing my PhD from IIT Delhi. It’s a great initiative taken by you to talk on exam preparation for the students. I want to share my key points which I follow during my examination. These are as is in attachment.

0 0 Dear PM , as we are benefited from demonetization and govt. has given relaxation in some loans why do  govt not take step in decreasing education loans for general group rural people. As our parents are mainly farmers they do not have money to support us giving higher education as we have to go in urban cities where living expenses and fees of institutes are too high. Please take some correct steps so that we can get education loan easily and at some lower rates.
Thank You
ARUN

0 0 Respedted sir, Kidly continue the good work your doing.

0 0 Each student is unique and there's a place for every student in society.  Don't worry of the marks you're going to get and what you'll do if you get less for this great country, provides for all.  If your parents pressurize you,talk to them of the love they have for you and not their personal ambitions.  Even if you get less marks, but are sincere and hardworking, you will be right on top, as marks don't determine success; YOU DO. Just go do your best. Good wishes and God bless you.

0 0 Sir,the GSAT-6 COMMUNICATION SATELLITE was launched by ISRO on 27 Aug 2015 and this very costly satellite still not being exploited by anyone in the country.This situation reveals the lack of understanding of todays digital communication by all stake holders in India.This justifies auditing of technical capability of all stake holders in the country.

0 0 Sir, Also i am ready to volunteer and guide the 10th and 12th students in my area. I am an MCA post graduade and have worked in IT for more than 10 years and now not working. So i can help the students in my area. If proper arrangements are made accordingly

0 0 My Views

0 0 Respected sir, Each village shall have a pakka library with internet facility along with latest books for the students. Also, interlligent persons/ well qualified persons for an area shall be appointed to guide the students in all aspects. These centres shall operate beyond tution centres without fees. This is my idea and thanks for the opportunity to share my view.

0 0 Respected Sir,Basic thing is to understand how the things work,i feel practical approach is needed to quicker absorption.Seeing is Believing.This will help the students to retain faster just like how we remember the Advertisements.Create more practical atmosphere with the subject intended to learn.
Exams should be based more on practical knowledge as this will give them the the confidence of the subject and its applicability in our daily life.Hardships invents Innovation.

0 0 The majority of the students prepare for examination just before  the final date either  1 month-2 months before. Just because of this the majority of the students could not do well in their examinations. Even though some students pass in the examinations they fail to gather knowledge. The students prepare only the readymade questions and possible answer for it which might come in the examinations.  The students never try to complete the syllabus and  gather knowledge.

0 0 Sir, every idea has pro and cause but its true that our children are in stress, due to very very less opportunity in each field. There is a admission problem after 10th because most of the student dropout due to not getting admission as per their choice and carrier problem after 12th and it is very difficult to provide opportunity to all in a big country. There is a need to debate on education system of India. Thanks

0 0 Dear modiji rajasthan jalore me kisan ko bohut taklib he light bill bhi jada light bhi kam kus light ka kam krane pe risvat bina riding liye bill bhej dete he raje sarkar me bahut taklib he

0 0 Respected sir,
Students need to get equal opportunities after completing their primary education. Education needs to be industry as well as skill based. Also the exam conducting authorities need to move along with time. For instance RRB Results are not declared for 2 to 7 years at a stretch. This leads to illusion in the minds of students whether the result will be declared on time. There is no point waiting till you get old. Sir kindly address this matter as well.
Thanking You.

0 0 I am a CA engaged in practice and associated with teaching profession wish to submit that we have to BAN LIQUOR AND OTHER ADDICTIVE PRODUCTS IN INDIA as the students who dont pass the exams and then they go on the path of finding solace in addictive products like liquor and smoking.
we will create a country which will not workhard for success but will find comfort in drugs and liquor and the aspiration of youth gets driven by desires which they have
their education is only way to succeed.

0 0 Sir I'm student of class 12th. I'm very thankful to give us a opportunity to write you suggestion .
My openion is on a page written by me. I attached it in image. Please read it.
Thank you.
Jai Hind.

0 0 Sir I'm student of class 12th. I'm very thankful to give us a opportunity to write you suggestion .
My openion is on a page written by me. I attached it in image. Please read it.
Thank you.
Jai Hind.

0 0 Please make that the autonomous bodies(especially universities) obedient to the CJI on illegal appointment of persons. Some political leaders interfering into educational bodies. Please avoid those.

0 0 ... That why can't we make sports as a subject or a streem like Science, Arts, Commerce, Sports is also a subject so as we can produce sports person who can get name and fame for our country as well as they do PHd in sports.. Then they can more concentrate in Sports and without subject exam fear they can flourish in their sports streem.

0 0 As a parent I would like to advice my son to follow the examination rules and regulation and adhere to the system. 2. I have advised my son on method of examination preparation. 3. I have never pressured my son mentally or physically to score more marks rather I have diplomatically advised and guided him to do well in exams. 4.Home is first school to children, we taught him good habits, mannerisms, and human values and we are trying to make him good citizen of India . regards Sarala Parent.

1 0 Dear Hon'ble PM ji,
Please plan for 'One Nation, One Standard, One Test' for a united India.
Test for standard pass, aptitude & national ranking - all in one test.
Do away with either board exams or the innumerable entrance exams that have become business.
Diversity in language, culture, socio-economic conditions can be captured by normalizing grades through weights.
Have optional question sets, say Physics (M) for Medicine & Physics (E) for Engineering etc. in one test.

2 0 Dear Sir,
Examination hall is not a battle field.  It is not the end of life.  Let them try their best and takes it as an opportunity to assess themselves. Scientists like Einstein, Darwin and Newton were not brilliant in school. Let these children keep their hopes alive, let them dream, let them try...   The future of India depends on these children..... Let them be good human beings

1 0 Respected Sir,
One Student Masters in Math can earn money, fame and proud for himself as well as for the country. One Sports Person can also earn money, fame and proud for himself as well as his country. But in our country one student can not choose Sports as a subject. Although he earn fame for his school, College, District, state and country but while he appear for examination on educational subject he is little demorlised by his marks as his mastry is sports. Here I wish to say ...2

0 0 Honourbale Prime Minister,
Please take steps for
1) UNIFORM SYLLABUS with local language options across the country
2) Modernisation and strengthening of Government Schools
3) REGULATION OF ENTRANCE EXAMINATIONS TO BE WRITTEN BY STUDENTS FOR JOINING ENGINEERING AND ALLIED COURSES ACROSS THE COUNTRY. At present students are writing many entrance examinations burdening them mentally and their parents financially.

0 0 Respected ,sir
 i want to share you my project related to education, we are develop make in india , smart projector. our new model with all features like DLP+LED+3D+WINDOWS 10 + ANDROID + INTERACTIVE.
  SIR I AM NOT HERE MARKET MY PRODUCT , BUT I WANT TO MAKE CHANGE IN MILLIONS OF STUDENT LIFE , IF THEY STUDY UNDER THAT TYPE LATEST TECHNOLOGY, THEY CAN LEARN WHAT HAPPENS IN THE WORLD.WE PROVIDE LOWER PRICE SOLUTION FOR RURAL AREA AND ALL.i want to change the world with science & spirituality

0 0 1.	मोबाइल एवं इन्टरनेट पर आवश्यकता से अधिक अपने आप को व्यस्त न रखे |
2.	जिन शहरो में कोचिंग क्लासेस लगती है , वंहा पर सरकारी छात्रावासों के निर्माण की घोषणा कर सकते है , जिस में भोजन एवं घर के वातावरण का अहसास हो तथा बच्चे आत्महत्या न करे |

0 0 1.	छात्रों को आत्म हत्या न करने संबंधी सलाह दे सकते है |
2.	 कॉलेज की पढाई के दौरान मस्ती करने की बजाय मेहनत करेंगे तो आगामी दशको तक जीवन में आराम रहेगा ,कॉलेज की पढाई के दौरान मस्ती करेंगे तो आगामी दशको में गुजारा करने के लिए मज़दूरी (मेहनत ) करनी पड़ेगी |
3.	नशा करने की बजाय अपने कॅरियर एवं देश के लिए कुछ करने का सोचे |
4.	कोई भी काम छोटा यां बड़ा नहीं होता लगन से काम करे |

1 0 Mujhe paise se pyaar ni hai toh mere parents kehte hain paise ke bina life kuch ni loog meri sooch limited krr rhe hain but main janta huin ki vo galat hain

0 0 HI CHILDRENS
DON'T STUDY WITH YOUR MIND ALWAYS STUDY BY YOUR HEART IT GIVES GREAT PLEASURE THAT WE COULD DO ANY TYPE OF WORK THAT WE WANT SO ALWAYS DO THE WORK ............
STEP 1 WORK ON TIME BECAUSE TIME IS MUST IF YOU DO WORK ON TIME YOUR 75% WORK COMPLETED
STEP 2 DO WORK AS LIKE YOUR HOME WORK NOT AS (HOME WORK) GO WITH YOUR FULLPASSION DIVE INTO YOUR AND.......
IT 'S REALLY YOU GET SUCCESS I HAVE MANY EXAMPLES
THOMAS ALVA EDISON
THE BEST SCIENTIST ................

0 0 কোনো এখন ৰাষ্ট্ৰ ৰ নিৰাপত্তা নিৰ্ভৰ কৰে ৰাষ্ট্ৰ খনৰ সামৰিক শক্তিৰ ওপৰত।মাননীয় প্ৰধানমন্ত্ৰী মহোদয়ে সামৰিক শক্তি বৃদ্ধি ৰ কাৰণে যি এটকীয়া অনুদান বিচাৰিছে তাক মই সম্পূৰ্ণ সমৰ্থন কৰিছো তথা account ত ১০০/ টকা জমা কৰিছো ।আপোনালোকৰ ওচৰত অনুৰোধ কৰিছো যেন আপোনালোকেও ভাৰতীয় সেনা বাহিনীৰ চিণ্ডিকেট বেংকত থকা একাউণ্টত সামৰ্থ অনুসৰি অনুদান আগবঢ়ায় । ধন্যবাদ

0 0 Sab safety aur security wali life chahte hain govrment job ek family bass but main ni i have to do something to change the thinking of backward caste people

0 0 Sir main krna chahta huin kuch for this country but if my passion don't identify i have to approach toward other country bcazz they treat me better then my own countrymen

0 0 Student  must complete  self notes & start preparation before 2-3 months, Teachers says read theory in morning so that u will have enough time for solving practical later in the day but my suggestion is timing not matter your dedication matter,Quality notes & planning (collect singles from the starting of school season & hit six in last ball),Some students already completed their practical subjects in summer vocation before school start & they will be ahead from remaining students.

0 0 Kabiliyat ko kisi pramaar ki zaroorat ni
Vo aapki bhasha main dikhti hai
Roo toh ye ye puri duniya rhi hai
Lekin jo unke chehron pe khushi laen unse kabil koi ni

0 0 Please remove reservations completely from the education system. For all underprivileged, please provide financial aid or make education completely free till whatever studies these children want to pursue. But please please remove reservations. How can you compare the performance of a student getting 50% and seeking admission to MBBS and a student getting 90%? There will obviously be a sky high difference between the dedication of the two. Eventually, we know who will become a better doctor.

0 0 The context of examinations needs to be altered to remove the stress from the process of examinations. The following steps need to be taken to dismantle stress
1. Examination is the process to know where you are with respect to the learning - to identify what I know and what's the gap between where I am today and where I want to be.
2. And then to work out ways and means to bridge the gap
Ultimately it's a process to know for yourself and not a judgement by others.

0 0 in today's competitive world education should accompany with skill enhancement, faculties & students to perform in RAT RACE acquire all means ethical or unethical & during such things usually education takes a back seat & everybody is about pleasing others students to faculty(grades), faculty to management(increments), management to agencies(accreditation, aids), agencies to ministries(grants) & than ministries to students / masses(by lowering standards/ options) .

0 0 मेरे सम्मानीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी मेरी आपसे यही विनती है की आप जनरल केटेगरी के लोगों हेतु उम्र सीमा में बढ़ोत्तरी करें। आपको एक मन की बात बताने का जी कर आया तो मैंने कह दी, इससे बहुत बड़ा फायदा उन लोगों को होगा जो अपनी पढाई अधिक उम्र में करते हैं उनके लिए भी हमारे देश में अवसर उपलब्ध होंगे वरना वो बेचारे तो किसी केंद्रीय नौकरी में अच्छे अवसर प्राप्त ही नही होंगे। यह बात इसलिए कही है क्योकी आपने आमजनों की बहुत परेशानियो को समझा है एवम उनका उपयुक्त समाधान भी अपनी नीतियोँ के माध्यम से किया है

0 0 to be in good books - political parties, gov, groups & PRIVATE PLAYERS (though i got my bread & butter from this only) would like to distribute grades as much as possible, there might be strictness etc but it is an eye wash
organisations need to full-fill paperwork (essential for grants, aids, accreditation etc.) on the other-side to an strata of society kids are so much in pressure to perform & this is taking innocence out of kids.

0 0 Few things are key:
1. Does student have easy access to experts during exam prep? Or they have to 2nd guess the answer when in doubt
2. Cracking the paper, one needs to identify his/her strength/weakness. So it needs methodical approach. Are students made aware of it?
3. Too much pressure - peer/parent pressure can balk the students performance. Parents and peers should understand or made to understand this.
4. Students scare more if the concepts are not clear.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, Sir,
Thanks a lot for your innovative initiative of taking along the masses in your crusade aimed at taking India to the forefront of developed economies by striking at the roots of so many problems, irregularities etc. which perennially plague this great nation for decades. Education is one of the most effective tools to achieve the said avowed goal. I would like to share a few of my thoughts on the subject which are contained in attached PDF file.
Best rgds.

0 0 Adarniya Pradhan Mantriji, Few of friends & Relatives don't what is Indus Valley Civilization, when its started & how the name of India came into use. Most of the people don't maurya, kautalya & Arda shatra.  I request to make change in all the field to know our history. I request our country name to change to Bharath officially to protect our culture & we should have our own language, We from same country communicating in foreign language which is good for earning. Educatn dnt tried as busines

0 0 Dear sir,
 Student from village area facing problem with electricity. Now days  government supplying through single phase connection,  but still there is no solution  for  load shedding done at night in those area?
 Please look in this issue because particular students from village area are not with well background.
Thanks

0 0 Students are addicted to electronic gadgets. Today students are highly talented & powerful. But what is the use when they are addicted to electronic gadgets which spoils their physical & mental health. Please encourage them to focus themselves for nurturing skills, life values etc for making themselves a great life and building a glorious India

0 0 Education catagerised karr deni chahie na 6 catageries after 5th class 1 banking n economic sector 2 sports sector ( all olympic games sport) 3. Science n technology 4. Astrology 5. Medical science 6. Human resource devloper so jo  bhi after 12 niklega voh perfectionist hoga apni field ka but ismain time lagega atlest 4 years

0 0 For the student, please focus on your work. Results will be taken care of automatically. Do not try to guess the question setters mind. The time spent in guessing might as well as be utilized in solving questions. Sleep is important. It allows the brain to be better prepared for the next day. Have faith in your brain; it will not let you down.

0 0 PM.  Modi ji  Siddharth Nagar is the district of Uttar Pradesh also The tourism place nearby  kapilvastu.  Lumbani.   It is the Border district of Nepal.      But.  The development here is 0/0.   No Road betterment. No industrial areas  No. Colleges.  Medical. Engineering. Science.   No. Projects. No. City systematic setups.      So  what's it mean.  Govt focuses only in Delhi and.  Gujrat.  Industrial development projects.    Here....................Why. 0/0

0 0 Dear Modi ji
   tax payer money is not used for wellness of society and it is only used for distribution to the people by the politician for their advantage like fame and vote then its like ransom.
if tax payer money is used for education only and GST tax used for society development then society will educate and good government will be made and future will be handsome for country.

1 0 सर सुप्रभात,पढाई की इच्क्षा जागे,मन लगे,पढ़ा समझ में आये और परीक्षा में याद आवेइस हेतु सुबह जल्द निपटाकर स्टडी टेबल पर बैठे,अपने प्रभु से/प्रकृति से संकल्प करें कि उसका मन पढाई में लगता है,उसे पढ़ा सब समझ में आता है,सब याद होता है,फिर 10मिनट आँखे बंदकर बैठा रहे मन में आने वाले विचार को आने दे जाने वाले विचार को जाने दे.यही दोपहर/रात की पढाई के लिए करे.2)सभी मनोरंजनऔर समय बरबाद करने वाले साधनों से दुरी बनाये रखे.3)परीक्षा के दिन मन को शांत रखे इसके लिए 10मिनट की शांति से बैठने की प्रक्रिया को करे.

1 0 Sir, I am an MBA and an engineer from IIT-D. Millions of students across the globe in countries like Singapore, Australia etc are using Mind Maps, a visual methodology for learning based on radiant thinking. In India all teachers must be trained in this powerful technique to enhance the learning and creativity of students.

0 0 Exams are good to analyze student's academic capabilities but the overall assessment has been left out.
No weightage to co-curricular activity directly in board exams.
No weightage directly to sports and other activities, we have theoretical paper of physical education which has more marks with theory part but less with practical part.
Shortage of psychological counselors.
need revolutionary changes in secondary level education to compete with world.
Coaching's role is increasing.

0 0 As a parents I want to tell sir, we are doing prayers in school assembly for atleast 30-40 minutes before starting classwork. But nowadays in school prayer is going on weekly.
They never understand this prayer makes the student to fresh their mind for learning new things. Make this compulsory for every school and everyday in all private school too.Make compuslory to do yoga.
If this is doing regularly no stress will be in future and students will appear in exams nicely and scored well.

0 0 Respected Sir,
It's a nice idea to invite suggestions from various stake holders for your programme.  I am a parent whose daughter is in the XI std.  My suggestion to all students who would be appearing for the Board Exams is to stay focussed and prepare whole heartedly without fear of performance because it is this fear of performance and fear of result that gets lodged in their minds thereby leading to de-focus or forgetting.  Also students may be advised to learn and work with passion.

0 0 Respected PM  Sir
You may share followings with the students who preparing for writing Exams in the next month;
They should learn for the purpose  whether the learning will  take place in HEART, (Cognitive domain), Hands (Psycho motor domain) and in Heart  (Affective domain). Once they have categorized the learning it will be permanent and prolong. Such learning will help them to remember with the usefulness of content learned and write in Exams very well.

0 0 PMO India. I request u to  close degree programs in civil   mechanical.  What's it mean after after completing education if there are no opportunity to work in that's field.   Because. Demand of ITI. Diploma is more as well as labor work.  Or if  someone wants to do job.  Then reference required in Pvt core companies.      And.  In Technical. No more government vaciencies  also. If available then experience required.      I have only one question.   Why. All of. Those. Concentrating. In. IT

0 0 To score well in exams are important. It demands the following: -
1. To use permitted means.
2. Time plan for preparation with marks allotted and time available.
3. Time management during exam according to marks allotted to the questions.
4. To judge the success from how much could have been scored and how much is done.
5. To apply the knowledge gained in daily life is v important.
6. Developing skills with the academic knowledge is the Mantra today to improve living of the family.

0 0 Dear Mr. Narendra Modiji,
Sir, Children are invaluable assets of the nation and channelizing their development positively is a challenge today. Please through your policies reduce the academic work load and encourage the overall development of the child not just exams, reservations or marks. We as parents, school, and government have a responsibility of safeguarding the future assets of nation that is children, the day we achieve this is the day of triumph over any country in the world.

0 0 For writing answers :
1) Write summarize intro (of the chapter with regards to answer) on first page.
2) List the points number wise you will be elaborating on second page.
3) Start writing answer by ellaborating each point.
Tips : Whatever you know about the answer even a bit will work you should have the art of ellaborating points in your own words.If you are successfully able to convey the paper checker that atleast your concepts are clear its enough to score 2nd/1st class.

0 0 Education should be made available, affordable and equitable. Besides providing quality by effective and efficient approaches. Monitoring and evaluation should be applied. Lessons learnt will help in corrections where we had gone wrong. Competitiveness is not the need of the hour , but empowerment and sustainable growth in education to provide learning at all levels.
Privatization of education is a necessary evil, but not a solution.
There should be NO reservation except on economic criteria.

0 0 Honourable sir,
A pdf file containing my suggestions are attached.
Let the Almighty gave more strength and courage to do good for our mother land
Thank you.

0 0 Adarniya Pradhan Mantriji,
I am commerce graduate from Bengaluru University & I am currently working itbp industry. I would like to bring up to your notice. What we have studied in b.com are not actually studied. I have completed b.com with account with 80 marks in accounts itself but I never get opportunity to work with account dept. Even if I got the jod in a/c dept salary will 6000 rs & Its could less then paid by itbp, due to night shift allowance. Please help commerce students.

0 0 Respected Sir, Private Medical colleges in all the states specially Odisha and UP demanding tution fees starting from 5 lakhs to 15 lakhs per year and totaling 25 to 70 lakhs for total 4 years course. If this can be controlled it will be a great help to society and public of India.

0 0 Dear sir!
in our country many universities, Government institutions, Private universities, Autonomous  colleges are issuing the qualification certificates but not following a uniform rules and procedures.It is very difficult to verify the qualifications as well as originality of the certificates.
It is better to have a digital certificates by a central authority for all the courses to  reduce fake certificates and easy to verify the qualification by different institution

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी, सादर प्रणाम ।

0 0 Sir, thanks for inviting suggestion on this topic. I would like suggest that students should not sit for long hours for preparing for board exams. Instead, they should take regular breaks for healthy eating, healthy sleeping, doing some exercises. This will help the students to concentrate more study well in their board exams. Also they should make a time schedule for preparation for all their board exams.

0 0 dear modi sir,
iam a clg student pursuing engineering from indore madhya pradesh.
me hindi me bolungi.
sir bht sare log h jo desh k bare me sochte hai par kai bar aesa ho jata h ki yato wo itne wealthy nahi hote ki koi action le ya phir unhe koi platform nahi mil pata.
kuch hum jese students jo swach bharat me apne idea se contribute karna chahe h jisme shyad hum akele us idea ko implement nahi kar skte kyuki hame usme govt ki hlep chahiye pr govt hlp karne ko ready hi nai h kya kare hum?

0 0 Organic Tourism
bijitdutta.com
#PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 0 Sir,apart from school or basic education, these schools should impart,rather focus on social etiquette like traffic sense,civic sense and other general behavioral manners. We are lacking in general civic cleanliness. We pass out in public,spit on roads and litter around everywhere.

0 0 Sir, Pls prevent young children from carrying heavy bags with full of books to school. Let the books be retained at school.

0 0 Respected sir, Very good initiative of opinion collection, but there are lots of uneducated people are behind this technology. Please recollect this point while arriving to take decision over this collection of opinion. 
'Arise, awake, and stop not till the goal is reached' as Swami told.

0 0 Every school should have an Organic Garden that is maintained by a gardening class. While the food grown is used as Mid Day Meal.
bijitdutta.com
#MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Respected Sir,
Please find the attached file.
Thanks for the opportunity.
Regards,
Viji S.

0 0 Mann Ki BAAT

0 0 Respected Sir Modiji
please inform CBSC schools to reduce syllabus and unwanted luggage to kids other wise they lose their mental and physical strength
Thanking you Sir
Regards
V B Kotennavar.

0 0 dear sir,
        i atul sanjay malusare, for job examination separate committe for interview and wriiten examination from govt side please create new system, for that. in govt company system corruption.. job setting in company for colligues, there no chance for fresher candidate so please create committie for separate recruitment system each company. and the contract system break after 2-3 year and employee take on company payroll..
#MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Respected Sir,
please inform CBSC schools to reduce syllabus and unwanted luggage to kids other wise they lose their mental and physical strength
Thanking you Sir
Regards
V B Kotennavar.

0 0 Dear PM,
Thanks for inviting suggestions from the parents and teachers.
Sir ... there are well laid guideline for children with learning disability.
still, i have experienced that many schools are not abiding by these guidelines.
There is need to have a far stronger focus on education of such children under NIOS board. there education needs to be supported by vocational training. There is need for a separate university of national level for LD children.

0 0 Sir, 
Some thoughts of mine are given below for your consideration please:
1. Please impress upon the students that life is a marathon and not a sprint. Education is to help you prepare to face life and not for any specific exam. In the long run it really doesn't matter whether you stood first or 25th in the class. What matters is how well you learnt and more importantly how well you can apply your learnings. 
2. Stress builds negativity and negativity saps energy.

0 0 Sir, there is a lot said and less done about promoting female education. There are schemes for "Single Girl Child" but there are clauses of Tuition fees to be under Rs.1500/- per month and there is no CBSE affiliated school charging less than that, so what is the fun of such schemes. Same in colleges, kindly take or suggest some suitable step as when Govt. provide reservation/other benefits to SC/ST people there is no clause about income, then why it is raised in case of single girl child.

0 0 Respected sir,
PFA 
Regards
Dr. Dheeraj Jain
SANGAM UNIVERSITY , BHILWARA (RAJ)

0 0 સાહેબ શ્રી,
આખા ભારતમાં એકસરખી શિક્ષણ પદ્ધતિ માટે ગણિત અને વિજ્ઞાન ના વિષયો દરેક રાજયમાં એક સરખા હોવા જોઈએ જેનાથી કેન્દ્ર અને રાજ્યના શિક્ષણ બોર્ડની પરીક્ષામાં ઉદભવતા  ઘણા પ્રશ્ન હલ થઇ શકે છે

0 0 Respected Modiji, through your Mann Ki Bat, I request all parents to keep the atmosphere at home very relaxing during their kids exam, be it a small kid going to 1st standard or even a boy or girl appearing for any competitive exam. Parents must sit with their children to prepare their time table of preparation for the exam. There should be time kept for some activities which the child likes to do such as playing, watching TV etc.and not just forcing the child to study throughout the day.

0 0 Sir, Its really high time to address the youngsters appearing in board examination. We have seen so many unwanted things happened to youngsters during or after the examination due to peer pressure. We cant lose our near and dear ones for sake of examination which hardly decides what type of human being they are going to be in future. To be a good human being they don't have to pass the exam with good percentage rather they have to pass every situations they face in real life in good numbers. Reg

0 0 Respected sir,
  I think we should promote open book tests or exams. The questions should be application based where students can promote to think on topic, apply the concepts.

0 0 1. Parents should not put undue pressure on children. (mild pressure is OK).
2. students should formulate a time for studies/preparations.
3. Keep writing down definitions, theorm, proper nouns, dates/year and key points.
4. when not in mood do not study-take time off and relax for few minute and restart.
5. during night times choose subjects like mathematics, accountancy, statistics etc.
6. keep a friend and teach him/her few points and also seek points from your friends

0 0 Sir
I am chartered accountants and own professional practise, i would like to suggest student to follow the schedules for preparation as under :
1. Know syllabus and importance chapters, plan for reading
2. Reading considering biological factors and read in early morning schedule.
3. Make note of all importance points during the reading and seat in chair and table.
4. You should complete reading 3 time before exam
5. Be confident during the exam and attain first what you know.

0 0 Sir,first thing for exam.success is concentration which may be achieved by dhyan yog i.e.meditation for a small time of 10 minutes daily, other is students should study for skillness of knowledge of subject and not for the the target which leads to mental tension and depression resulting disturbance to concentration and loss of memory.

0 0 Those students can not make there self notes for them, society has created, help guides and simplified version of books. But achievers and owners also creates there self notes and become owner of there content. Regards, Pradeep Kumar Mittal, Sikar

0 0 Indian Education System focusses on scoring high marks. Education should increase the practical knowledge of a student. Rather than focussing more on theory based examinations, our education should mold a student to focus more on practical exams.
Also, INDIA is suffering with a problem of corruption. Education must provide them a kind of moral values so that they can never think of doing any corrupt activities.

0 0 The studying system should be based on practical & theory which also to be mixed for every day study activities so that students can understand what is the use of theory through practical for its applications.Means today one theory studied in the forenoon the practical side for the same should be do afternoon session. Also the examination should not only on the basis of checking memory also should be checked knowledge through analysis questions.

0 0 Please find attached PDF for traffic education

0 0 in continuation to my CA topic ,Sir you can check the mental condition of failed students, they dont have any choice ,they have to appear in final exam again and again but resulting failing again. Sir when all other degrees like Doctor,Engg etc are conducted by lot of universities and colleges then why CA by one institute. Sir pl save lacs of students doing CA from the hands of one Institute of Chartered Accountant. They also making enterence exam easy and later on difficult.

0 0 સાહેબ શ્રી,
આખા ભારતમાં એકસરખી શિક્ષણ પદ્ધતિ માટે ગણિત અને વિજ્ઞાન ના વિષયો દરેક રાજયમાં એક સરખા હોવા જોઈએ જેનાથી કેન્દ્ર અને રાજ્યના શિક્ષણ બોર્ડની પરીક્ષામાં ઉદભવતા  ઘણા પ્રશ્ન હલ થઇ શકે છે

0 0 hello sir,
My memorable exam anecdote,"I was well prepared for the physic paper in my 12th but was nervous,when I got question paper and I  went blank so then I stared to think on concepts and finished my paper.I never had faced such problem so I got tensed and cried a lot.I thought I will fail and lost all the hopes.This affected my other papers too.But after the results,I had more marks in physic than other papers.So wait for the results forget what happened and focused on next.All the best."

0 0 Respected Sir,
I would suggest four important points to include in all courses/syllabus for developing skills in students for make in India:
1. Process of Communication
2. Presentation (good demo skill)
3. Practice (hard-work, punctual, )
4. Project (means something new development in the field of science and technology)

0 0 Sir,
Loudspeakers are a great nuisance during examination days and take a heavy toll on performance by disrupting students' concentration and depriving the much needed sleep. The nation would be grateful if loudspeakers are completely banned during exam days or limited to extremely low volume, if essential. This must include all religious and political broadcasts and personal celebrations like marriages, social functions etc.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister
I am teaching as a law professor for the last 10 years.
I have found one thing that India does not have education system but it has examination system.
1. The syllabus should be reviewed.
2. The education must include the text books not just internet knowledge. sometimes it is wrong also.
3. the examination should have uniform pattern in india
4. all papers after 10th should have: (i) multiple choice questions and (ii) subjective questions both

0 0 Respected Sir
With due regard as a parent i am feeling that Degree course of CA is conducted by Institute of Chartered Accountant , this is very wrong, this is the only degree where life of lacs students is in the hand of one institute and the final result is less than 7%. Sir this all done with wrong thinking , the practicing CA needs staff with very low stipen and similarly they also want that pass students should be less so that there practice may not suffer.

0 0 Very Respected Sir
Examination is celebration. Because of examination we complete our degree and get our company to work and earn. Result of examination can decide our salary sometimes, that's why it is a celebration. If students want to owner in there life, they should be owner of the content written in there books, for that both supervised and unsupervised learning is required. To get the good marks self made notes of complete contents of book approved by teachers are required.Regards

0 0 Respected sir
   Please Do jeevan jyoti beema yojna and ATAL PENSION yojna ONLINE for account holders,as Banks dont seem to promote it on ground basis,neither they have appplication form nor patience.

0 0 dear sir,very basic aspects are
1. facilitate computers and computer teacher in every schools in India.
2. facilitate the library in every schools in India.
3. hike the salary of teachers.
4. remove negative markings in all competitive exams.
5. timings (starting in between the classes) of every school to school, college to college
   and any other institutes to institute should be same.
6. encourage Hindi English and other language teachers/professors to teach the students correctly

0 0 To prepare for exams, every student should have the correct conceptual understanding of each topic in all subjects, based on strong foundations built up from the right fundamentals. Teachers should have the right tools to imbibe such knowledge in students. The students would then pass out as employable assets to society.

0 0 Sir,
One of the common problem of students while preparing for the exams is FORGET. In order to overcome this, i follow technique.
* Once you have understood the concept, we need to recall it with peace of mind. This recalling will keep the concept alive which lasts for a day or more. However, this exercise has to continued and followed every alternate days to keep the concept alive in our mind.
** One has to be physically fit. Hence, YOGA play role.

0 0 Respected Sir,
In the current education system the reservation  policy is a very big lacuna.The students who belong to affluent or well to do families be it of any caste should be denied reservation.Reservation should be only for lower income group.This amendment should be made to current reservation system.In this way whole society will develop in due course of time.

0 0 For kids writing Exam :
whole year your have spent time at school. So, what you write in exams is one of the ways to decide who has learnt better. Nothing more than that. What is important is your ability to use what you learnt in school, in practical life. How you make other's life easy, contribute to betterment of life.
when this is Your focus, automatically, You will learn more and write better in exams.
Focus on what You learnt and write completely.

0 0 Respected sir,
Research is one area needing strengthening in India. Many of our brains are working abroad. Many of them have half mind to come back and continue their research in India. They come with valuable experience gained abroad, however have crossed the age limits often prescribed for Government Research institutions. The age limits in research area at least should be relaxed to rope in the valuable experienced personnel who are willing to come back and offer their services here.

0 0 Please go through the attached PDF file

0 0 i would suggest,"Students be calm and prepare with your own ideas(like Dhoni).If you love playing,think as if exam is a game and you plan yourself to win this game,this would be more fun.Start with easier subjects first then go with tougher once,this will raise your confidence.As your preparation leave will start,you will have whole day to study and you will get bored,so I personally think that you should spend half an hour to get relaxed.Parents please don't pressurize them."

0 0 I am an engineering graduate and I believe that making people skilled is what this government has done so far is the best thing and I would like to appreciate their attempt in making it possible for the youngsters to be independent, we need some of the changes in the education system related to the technique and the course content which now is focused on giving knowledge that fails to help students in the practical world and thus the content of the course should be focused more towards practical

1 0 Reading and grasping both are different things.To prepare in the exam concentration should be increased and hence grasping power can be increased. To increase concentration, students need to do spare few minutes for meditation in the early morning. Concentrate on breathing process. Glow DIYA. These will create coordination between mind, body and soul.It will definitely increase concentration and grasping power.And then start reading.Any person will definitely finds change in itself.

0 0 Manya Pradhn Mantriji, 
One of the best things to Happen to this country is "Nationalisation of Education"
Today, we are spending so much on education and still Govt schools are not the ones we think of sending our children to. Kids at Govt school are seen like poor only ... In private schools .. teachers are paid less and this has become business. more than what child has to write in Exam, we are looking at which college kid has to study in future. 
Please look into this.

0 0 Dear Sir, 
	I firstly appreciate your efforts in addressing important issues in Man Ki baat. My views on Indian Education System is attached as a pdf file below.  
Thanks and Regards,
Madhuri Rao

0 0 Dear Sir ,
aap dwara jo pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojna ka course chalaya ja raha hai usme evening class bhi chalane ka kashta karein jisse ki din mein kaam karne wale berojagaro ko bhi course karne ka mauka mil sake.

0 0 Sir,
It is a great moment for the children and parents who are appearing in board exam that the Prime minister have concern of children.  This will definite boost the morale of the children and they will do better in their exams.  I would also like to request you please address the parents of children who are appearing in the board exams as they are also in stressing thinking about the performance of their children.
I hope you will touch this issue.

0 0 Sir, All Kids in Indian Schools are overloaded with their backpack, & complaining about back pain. Can govt. seriously think on lowering the backpack load of kids?

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Please find here with the attached file for your kind consideration and necessary action at your end and I expect your positive/earliest response for education trends in interest of nation as a whole.
Thanks
D K Sahoo

0 0 Sir do something that all those aspirents who are capable to contribute in nation building not wasting 2-3 years only in preparation...You first give them opportunity first!!!! Engineering is not only theoretical.. It's all about practical..So when a aspirent go to industry then only he can understand what's the engineering is.. Not by theoretical exams preparation..It's not that Only IIT Ian's are capable...

0 0 Sir, These days exams have became marks race. Students & their parents have embarked into it which ends up into stress while blurring the actual motive of education which is Learning, strive for excellence, development of scientific temper, spirit of enquiry, education for vocation, education i.e. applied.
Students should do reverse engineering i.e. first decide their goal, choosing subjects aligned to their goal, working on understanding those subjects & getting command on it.

0 0 THIRTY YEARS SINCE MY SERVICE IN EDUCATION FIELD I AM SATISFIED WITH THE GOVERNMENT TEACHING TECHNOLOGY IT MAY HAVE CHANGE THE INFRASTRUCTURE OF THE STANDARD OF TEACHIING BUT STILL MALPRACTISES ARE GOING ON IN THE SCHOOL AND COLLEGES WHILE WRITING EXAM I HAVE SEEN COLLEGES AND SCHOOLS HAVE THEIR OWN PRIVATE CLASSES AND THEY MAKE COMPULSORY TO JOIN THE CLASSES IF THEY WANT TO PASSOUT NO ENROLLEMENT IN THEIR PRIVATE CLASSES THEY TREAT THE STUDENTS WITH VERY BADLY

0 0 In the UPSC ESE exam also.. Their are only 70-80 seats in every stream except civil with 200 minimum seats every year..On that also 30-35 for general category... sir it is being very critical for engineering aspirents to get a good job though have good knowledge..And on that context parallel education like coaching centres are growing their business also...In all about basically govt substitute the engineering like nation building profession to a business entity....

0 0 Be confident, be brave and be optimistic. Look at it rationally. There are only two outcomes. If you have worked hard though out the year, nothing can stop you from getting good marks. If you have not, anyway your friends who have worked hard deserve to get more. Moreover life is full of a continuous stream of opportunity, Everyone gets many chances to show their true mettle. So be happy, be confident that you will do well somewhere, sometime.This is not the only opportunity.

0 0 Be confident, be brave and be optimistic. Look at it rationally. There are only two outcomes. If you have worked hard though out the year, nothing can stop you from getting good marks. If you have not, anyway your friends who have worked hard deserve to get more. Moreover life is full of a continuous stream of opportunity, Everyone gets many chances to show their true mettle. So be happy, be confident that you will do well somewhere, sometime.This is not the only opportunity.

0 0 please PM ji also try to implement exit exam for engineering graduate in order to improve level of engineering in INDIA as soon as possible.

1 0 Sir ji we need new school. Our old school it is last conditions. ..sir please provide us new school. .but don't take my name that .i have written this to you sir ji.. they will think i am mad that i am writing to you sir ji...please

0 0 Exams are only a temporary hurdle and many more such hurdles of higher magnitude will come in future so don’t worry if you stumble at one, work hard to perform better in next.
परिंदे रुक मत तुझमे जान बाकी है,
मंजिल दूर है बहुत उड़ान बाकी है,
आज या कल मुट्ठी मे होगी दुनिया,
लक्ष्य पर अगर तेरा ध्यान बाकी है,
यूं ही नहीं मिलती रब की मेहरबानी,
एक से बढ़कर एक इम्तेहान बाकी है,
जिंदगी की जंग मे है हौसला जरूरी,
जीतने के लिए सारा जहान बाकी है|
Jai Hind

0 0 Dear Sir, Greetings and Sairam. While so many reforms have been tried out in our educational system, there is a dire need to bring changes in the education system at school level. In the name of science, technology, modernization, etc., too much syllabus has been thrust at the school level. Schooling is no more enjoyable to children as they are burdened with assignments, heavy syllabus, activities, etc. However, at the end we dont produce students with character and common sense!

0 0 Respected Sir,
              i am ankit jain from jaipur 34 years old , my question is hum ek taraf to kahte hain ki hum sab ek hain , but in education sab alag alag hain, school ke fees main din raat ka antar hain jis se saaf saaf rich or poor ka pata chalta hain , schools main man marji se fees li jati hain jisko koi puchne wala nahi hain ,so aap iss taraf dhyan de .. and reservation ko kahtam kar de...please

0 0 Even though other state level exams are their.. But on those cases only predefined students can get qualified because of corruption and money...And then also they take the high exam fees around 1000 from every aspirents... high exam fees is also one issue For aspirents.. Being a even PSU they may charge 1000 rupees for 20 seats!!!!! Only except UPSC and gate their are no transparent exams in INDIA in engineering obviously.even PSU are now a days corrupted in requirement process like BSNL TATA.

0 0 Education for job or vocation? The word vocation is pregnant with a profound concept – when people engage in occupation that is based on their inherent calling, aptitude, talent, inclination, bent, urge, ability (synonyms of vocation) then they excel & enjoy; such work is life itself, not just a ‘job’, and so it leads to purity of mind; it is passport to happiness & prosperity.

0 0 Education must first of all inculcate spirit of Fundamental Duties & Kartavya-palan. Principals & Teachers must recommend only those for senior public offices or professional courses,who are so committed. People are not equal. Wisdom says "never treat unequal people equally or equal people unequally"

0 0 I'm a teacher on a sabbatical. A lot of the blame of exam pressure is on the school administration and parents. The entire education system should be changed to get confident, skilled students ready to face any challenge. I sincerely hope that your government will take steps towards that direction.

0 0 HONORABLE PRIME MINISTER JI,SAADAR PRANAM,SIROUR WHOLE EDUCATION SYSTEM NEEDS A FRESH LOOK THERE SHOULD NOT BE ANY FAIL SYSTEM THERE SHOULD BE GRADING & THE CBSE IS GOING TO ABORT THE SEMESTER SYSTEM FROM THE NEXT YEAR WHICH WAS QUITE HELPFUL FOR THE STUDENTS.THERE ARE MANY OF SUBJECTS BEING TAUGHT IN THE PRIVATE SCHOOLS WHICH ARE NOT OF ANY KIND OF PRACTICAL USE IN GOVT. SCHOOLS THE EDUCATION LEVEL IS EXTREMELY LOW STUDENTS DONT EVEN KNOW WRITE AN APPLICATION OR FILL A FORM ABHIMANYU 9416229602

0 0 Importance of exams? Note that a student NOW will become a doctor, engineer, lawyer, IAS-IPS officer etc. in future. If that student dont study now, then how will they do their duties? Always remember: Even after 70 years of birth of India, {majority of our population is still poor}, {sanitation is poor}, {health is poor}  because of poor performers getting to the to job! It is the dharma of a student to study - just like it is dharma of mom-dad to look after kids, dharma of doc, lawyer, journo

0 0 Sir
I am amother and a government teacher.I had always wanted my son to study in a government school at par with private schools currently running in the country like buisness schools.But sadly this is still a dream much like gov.healthcare system.How can somebody send their children to go to a school with no electricity,water and toilet facilities and on top of everything to a system where corrupt breeds corrupt.Unaccountable teachers,un accountable principal no security system.pleasetakenote.

0 0 But in the case of GATE ONLY TOP 500 students get qualified in 4 to 5 PSU individually.and then he joined in only one PSU...So the rest seats are being vacent.. and for rest of students frustration increases.if all the PSU take their own exams..Then students may have hope to crack other exams too.. But perhaps this is not happening..

0 0 There is need to make big reform in education system itself. In my opinion current education system is not knowledge based rather it is hard-work based. It is generating more hard-working nationals. It is not generating innovative nationals. Need to reform which should reduce work load and focus on knowledge based study, trust and respect. This will improve quality of life.
Dear Prime minister Ji, Can you please do something on this.

0 0 Respected sir ,Greetings ! I am postgraduate medical teacher in Radio Diagnosis .I think is last 1 decade medical education system has seen worst phase as less availability of good academic teachers.We must encourage to take teaching assignments in medicine , for which some incentive based system is advisable so that the difference in earning / lifestyle between practising professional and teachers will narrow.They should be taken as professional in taxation system so that will save tax .

0 0 Respected Sir,
              i am ankit jain from jaipur 34 years old , my question is hum ek taraf to kahte hain ki hum sab ek hain , but in education sab alag alag hain, school ke fees main din raat ka antar hain jis se saaf saaf rich or poor ka pata chalta hain , schools main man marji se fees li jati hain jisko koi puchne wala nahi hain ,so aap iss taraf dhyan de .. jaipur main kafi antar hain fees ka for exa. ek school ki nursuery ki fees hi 1lacs plus leta hain.

0 0 Government processes Re-engineering: While performance and results are important, they are tied up with systems, procedures, rules, policies, responsibilities, accountability. Ultimately, it is the intention that matters and therefore the importance of extensive and intensive training on Individual & Institutional Ethics in Academia & Governance. Are we producing ethical citizens? No. We focus only on IQ & 3R's not on imbibing Fundamental Duties. Why?

0 0 Sir 
Modern India has given students choice of several careers as opposed to old system of engineering , CA or medical. It's heartening to see younger generation take new fields such as architecture, animation , radiojockey, chef etc .lts importntbfor parents to believe in child's taste and aspiration .my request to you sir is to promote this in your programme to all parents who other wise get stuck in social symbols in education also.   Ganesh

0 0 Assessment is critical parameter in education system, I am an educator and found that current education system puts much more stress on students. class rooms are no longer enjoyable and students are not taking interest to turn up in class rooms. main focus is on remembering side and they trained to mug up everything. we must promote and establish education system where assessment happens inside the classroom during regular academics and students explore the concepts by doing and involvement.

0 0 Dear Sir
It is my humble opinion that you first remove the FAIL GRADE from the system, Instead we can have Excellent, Very Good , Good , Average and Need Improvement Grading depending on the marks scored by a student. The Average and Need Improvement category people can be given only one more chance to get into higher grades. Secondly, Let us make all exams On-Line Objective type based except Drawing and Design Papers so as to test the real ability instead of memorizing power of the students.

0 0 2.after getting an engineering degree about 80% students go to softwares whether he is from mechanical or electrical or civil.and it is true because they're not even dare to prepare for any competitive exams like GATE OR ESE.because if you take a quick look about GATE exam.. Only 500 to 700 seats are there For about 1.5-2 lacks engineering aspirents in every stream.and all the 40 good PSU are recruiting from this exam.this only one exam is deciding your career!!! All PSU want best students but..

0 0 to make smart student, one needed to have smart tools, smart teachers, smart books, smart and innovative method to evaluate. हर विद्यार्थी का दिमाग चीजों को अपने कोड वर्ड या अपने method से स्टोर करता है, तो बजाय ठोक पीट के पढ़ाना उन्हें प्यार से और passion से पढ़ाया जाए, क्योंकि सीखने के दो ही तरीके हैं, या बच्चों को दो ही भाषाएँ आती है मार से या प्यार से. जब तक अध्यापक का दिमाग बच्चे से नहीं जुड़ेगा वो सीख ही नहीं सकता, जब दोनों का दिमाग एक लेवल पर होगा file transfer smoothly हो जायेगी।

0 0 The bright from rural background can be encouraged to innovate and study improvements to local skills, crafts, agriculture produce, use of solar energy, water resources, and find solutions to local problems, etc. Education for them should focus on identifying and solving local issues; they must be inspired to make smart villages

0 0 Hello Mr. PM. One thing i want to share with you about our education system and quality of education in all steps. its all about the future of children, school and college student or we can say its very impotent for future of  India. i know you and your executives are very busy. if you give me only 3 minute to talk with you face to face, i will share and show a revolutionary idea to transform Indian education system. M. - 9350076358

0 0 Those who show potential and capabilities, the bright, must be identified and should be ‘inspired’ to be researchers, teachers, scientists, entrepreneurs, and nurtured and guided towards basic research, innovation, etc. Other good students should be guided towards becoming professionals, etc.

0 0 Some all india exams promote medocrity only. Example is CAT for admission to IIMs.\1.50% reservation for SC/ST/OBC. 2.Over and above that reservation for Girl candidates ,and preference other than engineering streams,Result is an 99.76 percentile candidate does not get a call, whike a 93 percentile commerce graduate gets selected.Is this fair, and equitable?

0 0 We must learn to differentiate between the first generation and average job/skill-oriented basic schooling, and schooling for those who have burning desire for knowledge (literal meaning of a vidyarthi) only then the brightest will innovate, research, create. Otherwise we all become like babus & clerks .

0 0 Namaskar sir
Sir aapke charno me pyara sa parnaam PM NARENDER MODI JI 
Sir aap bolte ho  ki youth bharat ka future h aapne sabi banko ko bola h ki aap janta ko kam interest par rojgar ke loan denge lekin bank wale to mna kar rhe h
Ab ye btao jab youth ko kaam nhi milega to wo koi galt kaam karega ya phir nashe me vilupat ho jaega
Meri aapse request h ki banko ko aadesh diya jae ki garib garib aadmi ko loan muheya karae
Dhanyawad sir
Please don,t ignore me

0 0 I feel that the way students are educated in India is wrong. Most schools just push their students to get marks by mugging.  In the real world, they would have forgotten what they mugged and hence not prepared , whereas they would have got high marks in their board exams. Schools need to change their approach and give more application based questions, actually making the students interested in the subjects. Then they will have a deeper appreciation of the subject actually learning the subject!!

0 0 Quick Reading: Add blank space after 4 digits and limit para to 4 lines
What is quickly readable?
1)Count these lines – |||||||||||| or Count these lines – |||| |||| ||||.
2)Read this number 4213678892967654 or Read this number 4213 6788 9296 7654.
3)Read a para that is more than 4 lines or Read a para that is up to 4 lines.
Human eyes need to focus/zoom in for reading content that > 4.
Changing format of content to <=4 by adding a single space/line as separator helps in quick reading.

0 0 Sir being an engineering aspirents I would like to share few critical points...
1.quality education... now a days it's only a business to open an engineering college.without quality teacher, with a very good campus business man open engineering colleges with a lots of fees.in this colleges the teacher even don't know the subject and students so..If you a quick look in this prospect.. there are around 140 engineering colleges in every state..So the no of engineering aspirents you only can imagin

0 0 Practical based education. If we want to teach animals to the kids,we should visitited them to zoo park.Practical aspect is missing.Only students are rembering not anylising the concepts.Exam itself should not be there.Project based education should be there.

0 0 I and my friend were going for the exams together for our CA Final Exams and while traveling to Exam Centre, he told he has gone completely blank, cannot remember anything and do not know what he will write in the exam. I told him just give your best and atleast appear for the exam. After the exams when results came he scored the highest mark in that subject. The take away here is that we should not give up and surrendered before attempting anything and always think positive.

0 0 Hello Mr. PM. First of all i am very thankful to you for this. Based of my experience the thinks which is most important for students in last time is get away for distraction. All student have gave his best effort in past days and a the end either he get relaxed to think that he know everything or very tentionised that he don't know anything. so best way to overcome is neither to stop not to run. just move in normal speed. stop study new concept. prepare with previous papers with solution

0 0 Calm Mind gives best results but mind is habituated to worry over future and past. So, before studies, bring mind in the 'present', which will calm the mind, thru' following Relaxation-practice, keeping eyes closed gently, throughout the 2/3 minutes of practice:
1. Be seated & become aware of sounds around you 2. Be aware of the walls, floor, ceiling of room 3. Be aware of whole body; parts of body and face 5. Become aware of breathing. See, mind was in present so it relaxed & calmed

0 0 My suggestion is to add agriculture as one of the subject to the students from 6th to 10th and its good to add practical also with that subject. so that people will gets awareness about how important is the agriculture.

0 0 Respected Hon. PM Sir, I am Chinmay Joshi from Maharashtra. I have observed that most of students keep on reading books but they do not plan schedule for studying. They study very late night and sleep after 12:00 am which is very harmful for health. Science has proved that best time to study is 3:00 am to 6:00 am and meditation is must.Thanks, Sincerely, Chinmay Joshi.

0 0 My education as BE(Mech)/MBA work experience in all MNC/Government company states that only common seance Positive attitude  and IQ is required to be efficient.Most of the IAS officer or MP are BA but does a good job. Our education upto 12th must be hands on experience , practical oriented , Games for interested students. There should be teaching about value system through story based learning, love for country/ elder ,respect for religion.Entry to job be 12th through UPSC examns dev by Comp

0 0 Students studying in the same domain should have a common (paperless) exam throughout the country and job recruitments / higher studies should also be based on the same exam.

1 0 All the state syllabus and central syllabus should be same except for their regional language. All the competitive exams should be one India one exam. So that all students will be on the same platform. And for both competitive and normal exams digital classes and material should be uploaded like #NPTEL courses from #IITs so that students from the places where teachers are not available can get benefitted.

0 0 Sir u are my idol..I am a high school teacher.in my school,there are 4 classes but we got only 2 rooms and no tubewell..there are 120 students.. we are under great trouble..will u plz plz help us by giving rooms for our students..a teacher is begging to u..

0 0 Sir, I usually study in the morning . It benifits two folds . One should go early to the bed in night so no much wasting time infront of TV and second we able to get a good sleep . Also very good energy fresh mood and pleasant atmosphere make a perfect time to learn a topic in morning time with sunrise . This message should go the all students by mann ki baat.
Thanks & Regards
Pranjal Jain
Std VI
Navrachana School Sama
Vadodara ( Gujarat )

0 0 Bhishm Pitamah, aap bolte ho, janta janardan hai, sunane mein achha lagta hain. Magar meri samajh to kuchh aur hi kahati hai.hala ki, meri samajh aap ke jitni nahi hain. Agar aap phir se jeet gaye toh phir kya kahane. Toh please aap aise-aise kaam kar di jiye ki phir usse koi mai ka laal badal hi na sake. Aap ke phir jitane ke abhilashi☺

0 0 Children should study well and be prepared at least for six months. They should repeat the questions and answers repeatedly to remember everything properly. Mugging up is the only answer. Weak children should meditate. The best thing is to concentrate on a single spot continuously for a few seconds and close their eyes. In this way they get relaxation and complete concentration. This should be practiced daily alongwith their studies

0 0 Mr. Prime Minister, What is the use of hard preparation for exams with reservation system? After getting 99 percent, what we are giving to students?? ONLY FRUSTRATION.

0 0 Respected PM(Modiji)
I have been in teaching profession since last 8+ years. Since last couple of years because of smartphones, some students are not paying not so much attention towards their study. So I appeal all students to use smartphones whenever required. Also parents should pay attention for the same.

0 0 Overcoming hall nervousness- what should a student do ? In one word my opinion is practice, practice & practice. How ? If you are a fresher then take a chapter read carefully and practice the exercise, mark the question which you attempted wrong or not attempted, after a interval try again, repeat this phenomenon thrice or more, gather the marked question, discuss with teachers and often practice the marked one to stay in your brain.

0 0 Sir, School & Institutes are more corrupt then Govt. Organisation. Every School ask Donation, Accepting Fees in Cash only, Asking Fees for Every Events, I Request you start Online Complaint form for School who ask Donation for Admission and Linked with ACB. Most of Institute Have Websites but dont have Online Fees payment system. Please make Online fees collation option as mandatory for all Institutes. and they should publish list of applied students & Selected Student from Pre-School to SSC

0 0 Respected PM,
Appearing for exams in my view it is the measurement of our knowledge acquired.
I put my views here to be followed during studying ,u need 3C's
1. stay Calm
2. Gives good Concentration
3. Will give confidence for your exams .
Sir i have a suggestion, Why cant we have a uniformity in schools throughout INDIA.

0 0 Sir
The quality of education imparted in schools and colleges has been continuously degrading.The need is to ensure that the focus is on 'understanding' the concepts and applying it to day to day life. This demands shift in our education policy such that the entire process of education is made creative and participative. This requires re-skilling of the teachers and adoption of new technologies & methodologies in our Education System.Expecting some good initiatives in Budget 2017. Doing great!

0 0 Sir Change The Study System We Learn 10-12 years old Syllabus , were other countries student Learn Advance Study

0 0 One Science joke for exams: Physicist say that there are many universes which present all possible outcomes, It will always be sure in one of them You will topper in your class. Only thing you need to know that it is this Universe ?? work hard for exam, you will find out the answer.

0 0 कर्मणयेवाधिकारस्ते मा फलेषु कदाचन,मा कर्मफलहेतुर्भूर्मा ते सङ्गोऽस्त्वकर्मणि।
In simple terms it means: Keep on performing your duties without expecting for any reward in return, lead.Dear Student Prepare for exam Because you want to satisfy thrust of knowledge. Don't Compare yourselves to others. Results of Exam only shows that under given conditions what you can get. But it is not ultimate success or loss.Einstein, Newton and many famous scientist were mega failures in their early life.

0 0 Honorable MOdi ji
 In one country why different education standard and system.different rate of school fees in same city. In one nation every body have to same rules. Please take action to same system for education for all

0 0 Students should 1stly need to understand that study is not a burden but it is the way of their bright future.He should make a proper plan and most importantly execute it,bcoz a plan without execution demotivate us.Parents  should also not create unnecessary pressure on their childs. They should motivate their childs to do study for betterment of childs and society.As i personally feel students should make summary notes of each subject which will help them in quick revision.
All the best

0 0 Examination system is the main cause of killing the creativity of our students. When means become the goals, people loose the interest in achievement. Passing / scoring high in the exams has become so important for students and their parents that the whole education process is impacted adversely.
My request to your honourable self is to de-glorify examination.

0 0 Respected PM SIr,Kindly increase Pension amount of APY as many like us want to enroll in it but can't as Rs 5000 after 30 years will b very less. Kindly Increase it as Rs10,000 ;Rs15,000 and Rs20,000 slabs so that many more persons can also be enrolled. And Persons like me who are already enrolled in APY can step up to higher pension plan.

0 0 You can not Assess & Evaluate the Abilities of the students in three hours examination.Examination Fears most of the students. To Get rid of the students examination fear,it should be taken regularly every month.There should be no comparison with other students regarding the percentage. Student should compete with his/her self.It has to be seen that Student is improving or not.If not ,what is the reason,treat Psychologically and specially to improve percentage from previous percentage.

0 0 आदरणीय भारत-भाग्यविधाता मोदिजी,मेरी बिनन्ति है की मन की बात मे सामान्य पक्ष कार्यकर्ता पे कुछ संवाद कीजिए. .यह कार्यकर्ता पक्ष के लिए कुछ भी करने के लिए सदैव(24X7)कार्य करता है और उस पक्ष के नेतागण/श्रेष्ठी गृहीत धरते है वह कार्यकर्ता पक्षसेवा मुफ़्तमे करेगा.बहुंताश समय ये पक्ष कार्यकर्ता-गण सम्भलने के लिए सत्ता का भ्रष्टाचार की एक मुल वजह भी है.अपने पक्षमे अधिकृत 'पक्ष कर्मचारी'पद भरती करे जो की प्रतिमाह तनखा,और आम कंपनी कर्मचारी जैसे यातायात,महँगाई,भविष्यनिर्वाह इत्यादि भत्ते का लाभार्थी हो.

0 0 Shivam Sharma_159 I accept with him great thought. I request PM TO. SETUP ONE RESEARCH CENTER which to be mentored by youth ikcon's like APJ (WHO IS DOWN TO EARTH) IN TALUK R DISTRICT LEVEL where a student get exposure towards research from there schools start thinking to delovopment of their district/ nation.
(Like Bangalore has a science museum) which makes a student to feel the science what they have learnt and make a trial on it.
Realistic no research happening in university as in USA

0 0 Sir,
I am a student of class-9 and reading in a CBSE affiliated school. The problem which I face is that the papers of SA-1 and SA-2 comes from CBSE and its pattern is totally different from what we have been getting in the past years. Therefore I request you to kindly implement this i.e. the question papers should come from board from 5th class onwards. Also CBSE should give us online previous years papers as a part of our DIGITAL INDIA INITIATIVE!
Thanks
#PMonRadio #MannKiBaat #MyGov #AIR

0 0 Respected Sir, The date sheet of CBSE Board Exams seem to be unjustified and increase unwanted STRESS in the students. The class XII exam starts on 9th March & finishes in last week of April. Similar is the case with class X. CBSE should finish the subjects chosen by MAJORITY of the students in the country and abroad within a maximum span of 15-20 days. Subjects like Typewriting, Kathak dance, Beauty and Hair, etc are LESS STRESS ORIENTED & can be taken after this 15-20 day period.

0 0 Respected PM Sir, My Idea is not related to Exams but on another issue. I am a Doctor and working in ITBP Force and posted in Chattisgarh in Anti Naxal Operations. I am very much impressed with your Schemes/Yojnas. Few of them is Sukanya and Atal Pension Yojna. I am promoting these two Schemes between our Jawans and other patients. I have encouraged atleast 200 persons to enroll in these two schemes.SSY is great hit but when I talk about APY people say that the pension amount is very lesss.

0 0 Dear PM,
I'm international Law student, currently studying in Geneva, I would like to bring into your notice few facts, the Indian legal system for the purpose of International Commercial Arbitration need to be reformed to get more business from abroad, under Indian Law the power provided to the Indian Courts is really extreme and due to which lot of people from  abroad hesitate in coming to India for Business, in my paper i have pointed out few factors in my paper, I hope it will help. Regards

0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister Sir,
You have brought many insurances linked with bank like Pradhana Mantri Suraksha Bima and Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bhima with nominal premium specifically for poor.
I would request you to introduce similar insurance mediclaim policy which can cover the people working / living unsecured sectors with minimum and affordable premium.
Yours sincerely
P.R. Ajith Kumar

0 0 Respected Sir, Content of topics in all subjects in secondary level (I to X) needs to be reviewed. Same things are being repeated in various classes. In fact the entire present syllabus from I to X cann be clubbed in 4 years. Can't we replace them by topics like CRITICAL/CREATIVE THINKING SKILLS, History & Geography of own state, Life-Skill building activities, etc ? Please see. Regards.

0 0 Everyone does not have the knack for science and maths and hence, these subjects should not be compulsory to the toughest level. Setting different levels for each of these subjects will help. Also subjects like community service/sports etc should add to make up the credits. Skill developments should start from 11th onwards and should be introduced in schools for a better and stress free education.

0 0 Respected Sir,
The syllabus in all subjects till class X has been halved over the years. Thanks to the wicked decision taken by the then HRD Minister Kapil Sibal. Even in class X Boards, the syllabus taught till the Half Yearly Exams is EXCLUDED. The scenario changes drastically in class XI onwards.  Regards

0 0 The education system in schools need a major makeover. Eighth standard onwards there should be different levels for each subject (level 1, 2 & 3) which students can choose from according to their interest and inclination towards a particular subject. Each level should be linked to a credit so that if a student opts for level 1 with 2 credits he or she can choose another subject of his or her interest with credit 4. This way we do not impose all subjects on all students to help reduce stress.

0 0 Dear PM sir, Even before students write the board exams, be it of Std.X or XII, they worry about admissions to the next class. This actually is the cause of stress. Quality education is a dearth in the country. It's not only the students of Science stream, but also the ones of Commerce/ Humanities. We have many IITs and NITs for pursuing engineering, but IIM Indore is the only one offering IPM after Std.XII. Why can't we have other IIMs offering IPM? No wonder parents send their kids abroad.

0 0 Sir, I would like you to introduce earning based reservation system in the government institutions rather than caste and tribe based reservations. I feel that this reservation system is preventing the meritorious low-income general students to show their skill in higher education and some rich scheduled caste students are enjoying the reservations more, which is not at all required. Please look after the isue and take actions accordingly.

1 0 Sir I am in a great trouble I believe only you can save me.

1 0 Dear PM sir,
My daughter, Karishma, is just 3-1/2yrs and I send her  I school for recreation but the school treats her as a full-time student with class/home work. Shouldn't the schooling be attractive and more learning oriented.
There're innumerable schools doing this. The pressure of exam is being built in from such a smaller age. We  need a more inviting environment for our kids to love to go to school and make it a platform for learning. Hope you could inspire teachers to adhere to this.

0 0 Respected PM sir.The medical education is costlier to GM students of middle class famiy.The educational loans are  not provided easily that too with higher interest compared to housing or vehicle loans.kindly reduce the interest upto 5 to 6% eith colateral security.pl look into this matter sir this will fetch the society in long term.Only making NEET will not solve the educational crisis.NEET provides seats for meritorious students but they are not affordable for the present fee structures

0 0 छात्र क्या करें - परीक्षाजन्य तनाव को सहजता से ले। किसी भी कार्य के सफलता पूर्वक संपादन के पूर्व थोड़ा सा तनाव स्वभाविक है। इस तनाव को स्वयं पर हावी न होने दे, पर परीक्षाकाल में अपनी दिनचर्या परीक्षा के अनुकुल अवश्य बनायें।
अभिभावक क्या करें - परीक्षा को जीवन मरण का प्रश्न न बनायें। घर में शांतिपूर्ण वातावरण बनायें रखें।
शिक्षक क्या करें - साल भर भलें ही आपने छात्रों को डांट डपट लगाई हो अभी आपका मुस्कराता हुआ चेहरा ही छात्र को रास आयेगा।
समाज क्या करे-ध्वनि विस्तारकों से परहेज।

1 0 Sir, Please demotivate the film stars to promote their film through rail journeys, because their fans come on stations which make the huge crowd and it makes very difficult in and out for those who has taken the ticket of that train.If it happens only initial and final destination of their journey then it can be acceptable but it happens all those stations were trains has the routine stoppage.For example, Shahrukh khan film promotion one guy died, who will responsible local authority or SRK.

0 0 Remaining text .SHIVAM SHARMA2.So that only who can prepare for those exam can participate in it.So that gap between students who can't afford coaching classes also fill.
3)Fix A day in week for outside speakers from local area who can give students to speech on different fields,also motivational ,on moral values and some interesting things in any field.So that students boost they're Interest in study.

1 0 The CBSE/NCERT Maths book for class VII onwards is of 1KG. Can we not make into two volumes, this will help in reducing the weight of School Bags.

0 0 I am SHIVAM SHARMA fromSAMANA,dist Patiala, Punjab
1)Sir setup public library in each town or MC area .
Because you know middle class or BPL students having no space for studying with focus in there residence.And also due to some personal violence in home they can't focused well.
2)Sir Also start student groups which can arrange every Sunday for each other  for discussing the topics related discussion and studying and transfer there views each other..Groups are designated by there exam.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Now-a-days, schools timings are such that a primary student has to spent 6.30 hrs at school. And if we add the travel time, which has increased now a days due to spreading of cities, child is out of home for almost 8.30 hrs.
You will appreciate that, In India, on an average, an adult has the duty timings of 8.00 hrs. So a child is working/studying for similar time. Is this correct? Government should set some guidelines in this regard.

0 0 Mere bhaiyon aap sabne reservation ki baat kar li kya ye zaroori tha ki ni main sc ka huin i am readdy to give up reservation but koi but sab mujhe freedom to think de job appko khud create krne ki kosis ni krni chahie kuch bara ni sochna chahie which is for betterment of country app sab ke andar ke talent ko samjho app ke pass kafi oppertunity hai appke apne region main bhi main investment ni krr sakta kyoki abhi main sirf 17 ka huin ni toh kafi kuch krr chuka hota

0 0 प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी ,
                           बोर्ड की परीक्षा या फिर  प्रतियोगिता परीक्षा में जो बच्चे पेपर देना चाहते है उनके सामने सबसे बड़ी समस्या वह पेपर न होकर उनके माँ बाप भाई बहन या फिर समाज का सबसे बड़ा दबाव होता है जिसके चलते वह अपनी क्षमता के अनुसार प्रदर्शन नहीं कर पाता । इसलिए माता पिता को यह चाहिए की वे बेवजह दबाव न बनाये बल्कि अपने बच्चे को प्रोत्साहित करे और थोड़े धैर्य का परिचय दे।।

0 0 स्कूलों की फिसपर सरकार का नियंत्रण होना चाहिए।स्कूलों मे फिस का चार्ट होना चाहिए।

1 0 Respected sir
regarding GOVT VS Private Schools
Govt Schools will not take any fees, they provide food, scholarship,and other materials free of cost and Teachers will have good knowledge than private schools which are helpful to poor people.  But private schools have better infrastructure facilities, Teachers skills,Best management. Sir provide these to Govt Schools, Than Govt Schools would Become Better than private Schools
  Also Limit reservation only to Schools not to jobs
 Thank you

0 0 There should a gap of at least 15 days between CBSE class 12 CBSE exam and IIT main entrance exam.

0 0 Dear Sir, it is very ironic in our Nation that people are fascinated to purchase theft articles. Chori ka bike, chori ka mobile, laptop, car, camera etc. When they are sold in cheap rate, people easily purchase them. I want you, Sir, to discourage people from purchasing such articles. If I purchase a chori ka Latop in sasta rate, I'm encouraging that chor to do more chori. If no one purchase the theft articles, the chor will stop doing chori. It is another form of people's corruption.

0 0 The students of class XI and XII are under high work load. Their life has become hell. The real course content of IIT/JEE is extremely vast not suitable for a 12th standard child. Most of the course content is outdated used 40 years ago by researchers. Example- Complicated integrations are no longer used by researchers for solving practical problems. They are using computer based numerical methods. Please make the course coverage less, keeping depth of   at the same level.

0 0 This year's datesheet for the CBSE exam has long gaps between subjects, and students are likely to lose focus. It is important that they do not become too casual nor should they study too much. Multiple revisions can make them saturated and by the time the exam date arrives, they will be tired and unable to perform. So they must get into the habit of physical exercise and some stimulating activities to keep themselves alert.

0 0 Sir we also live in india and you PM but you are king for us ..we are you citizens you have to allways help us if you will not help then who will help us SIR this Time come to goa for mann ki baat sir i want to tell you some thing please cone to goa in HQ 2-S.T.C ARMY CAMP, OFFICER MESS, ALTINHO, PANAJI, GOA NEAR CM RESIDENCE, DHOORDHARSHAN, AKASHWANI  DIR JI PLEASE SUR I SAW SO MANY TIME LAKSHIMANT PARSIKAR AND MANOHAR PARRIKAR JI SIR PLEASE COME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE SIR JI

0 0 CM RESIDENCE IS 50 MITER AWAY FROM MY HOME AND DHOORDHARSHAN IS 100 MITER AND AKASHWANI 150 M ... thats why i saw this

0 0 Dear Sir,
With reference to #betibachaobetipadhao
I am female student suffering from multiple health disorders  due to which I couldn't complete my Btech + Mtech dual degree course from JIIT,  Noida in the stipulated time period. After spending a great fortune on my studies and medical bills the college authorities asked me to leave without amy degree after taking the wntire college fees. I am a good student Sir, I request you to save my future as my parents have no money to educate me .

0 0 Sir please help me sir I am writing letter to your office from last June but still I did not get justice I am striving to educate my child my application numbers are PMOPG/D/2016/0349922,PMOPG/D/2016/0302171,PMOPG/D/2016/0185466 the last petition was closed without giving answer and still police officers not carrying any investigation please help me sir

0 0 Sir ji i not know what you think. But please this tine cone to goa. .one time you came to goa at 13 nov.. i though you came because of my message. .because i invited you at my birthday but you not came  to HQ 2-S.T.C ARMY CAMP OFFICER MESS, ALTINHO, PANAJI, GOA  but sir this time don't do that this time will not come agian sir please leason to me whatci want to say ..sir ji we all love you because PMO helped my brother one time that why we suport BJP. ..

0 0 SIR ji PLEASE THIS TIME COME TO GOA ..SIR I LIVES IN HQ 2-S.T.C ARMY CAMP, OFFICER MESS, ALTINHO, PANAJI, GOA NEAR CM RESIDENCE, DHOORDHARSHAN, AKASHWANI, I LIVES NEAR AKASHWANI SO YOU CAN give you speach MANN KI BAAT AT GOA . Sir please this time will not come agian. Election are going to held in goa.sir please i want to tell you sone things please come to goa. ..

0 0 Students are supposed to get serious for exams but never get frustrated over it. Remember, a piece of paper won't decide your fate. Exams are essentially all about how serious you are for things that essentially matter. Rather than rote learning, try learning basics and apply it in exams... particularly in Maths Science and like. Best of luck

1 0 Thanks Modi ji. There should be given VIP status to all teachers with minimum basic salary of 30000, so that there mental stability could be achieved. Also one more request to request on behalf of kashmir youth towards SBI authority to consider the waiting list of all the the applied candidates for the post of junior associate as I have already requested earlier, this will be your goodness for kashmir youth if you are interested about.

0 0 Thank you Modi sir for this wonderful platform. My thoughts: 1. Focus on practical knowledge rather than outdated theories. 2. Content shouldn't be collection of facts. 3. We have lot of inspirational stores either its from Independence Struggle or Cultural or Spiritual - those needs to be included right from childhood to teach new generation how great our India is and core values to mold into right direction. 4. The change shouldn't be just to students but also to teachers to teach right way.

0 0 Dear Honorable PM Sir,
I, Manish Jaiswal from Allahabad UP working as a Software Engineer in USA, I want to take opportunity to appreciate your hard work for our nation so many thanks for serving our nation.
As you need some suggestion on education system so I would like to share some of my thought as per my understanding Please see the attached pdf file for complete details of my thought .
Thanks
Manish Jaiswal

0 0 Dear Honorable Prime Minister of India
Students are working too hard for exams which is counter productive for development of younger generation. We need to increase seats in various faculties so competition is manageable, focus of more technical and work related degrees to they have skills to perform in job market. Students need to learn life and not just score points, lots of extra seats will eliminate need to just study study study.

0 0 Requested Sir,
          I am  Pallabi kayal,a student of B.com(hons), part III in DINABANDHU ANDREWS COLLEGE ,Kolkata. Sir in our state Commerce stream is not available in all schools & colleges also. the prestigious University like Presidency university & also Jadavpur University also do not have this stream.. so we have faced a lot of problem to getting our admission..it is my humble request to you please do something because we,the students are facing a lot of problem.

0 0 #MannKiBaat respected pm, answer me if IIT'S have such a reputation then why aren't IIT'S under top 10 engineering colleges in world though J.E.E ENTRANCE is under top 10 toughest exams in world. anathor thing Ph.d is considered just a degree nowdays..it's a shame....please tell us on radio the importance of research for development of country and put iit's under strict monitoring. please increase awarness regarding EDUCATION SYSTEM IN FINLAND! PLEASE #AIR #PMonRadio #MyGov

0 0 My dear pm modiji,
My name is narendra das & i am from Bhubaneswar odisha.Now i an preparubg for compitetive examination after ny btech.sir it is nit possible for us to pay 700 or 1000 foor each bankibg examination or psus.sir pls bribg the examination fee 100 as ssc is taking so that we can atleast abke to applying for the exam.we are prepparing for the examination with our 100% effort ut due to the high exam fee we cant able to appear the examination. Sir pls do something atkeast  we can appe

0 0 sir....toi are doing a great job.... i want to tell you that our education system is totally focusing on sorting and categorizing students instead of making a bad slow learning student a good had working person. our education is promoting rote learning. iit's make their exam tough in order to sort out cream layer and later these iits take credit of that.but we should know that real education is accepting non-smart and making him/her smart.chanakya did so.he made average chandragupta into king

0 0 Dear Sir,
Myself Aunatya, studying in the university of Canada & did a bachelor's degree in Physics from Vadodara, Gujarat. Thus there are significant differences in the education method as well as the system & one of my own experiences I would like to share here.
My professor uses to keep the pizza in the entrance of the class and everyone eats it during the lecture. This made understanding the topic really different and well.
So in an exam, to have FOOD before it reduces STRESS & ANXIETY.

0 0 Its a humble request, Please take action on the Private/Government schools about the fees structures. By doing this it will help and encourage education and restrict schools which is treated as business.

0 0 Sir, You have a long awaiting desire for student appearing in Engineering exams, for which I fighting since 2013. the NORMALIZATION formula in entrance exam in IIT & NITs. but you should have punish Mr. Kapil Sibbal who was Minister at that time, who has kill the carrier on bright student (passed out between 2013 to 2016 march), Please also call the committee who was the member to formulate the normalization including IIIT professors) to answer.

0 0 Students, to succeed in any examination i would like to say just visualise entire information available to you instead of mugging up. For ex. its very easy to recognise our honble pm of India as well as now of usa even of pakistan too. This is just because we have visualised them in our mind and relate ourselves to them. this work with studies too. Just visualise your entire syllabus and get involved in it. Every situation would become so easy. open up your mind,if u can see definitely u can act

0 0 Dear sir,there are no only some R&D centre in India.If you provide facilities to open R&D centres like a college and also improve the syllabus of the colleges.i am engineering graduate from Rajasthan where we study 20 years old syllabus.so it should contain current methods and techniques and technology in syllabus.As we study now there is no any use in industry,and industry told there are no any skills in India.
Sir,there is no scarcity of skill, manpower or money in India.

0 0 I request you to appointment a charismatic leader for BJP in Tamilnadu. I am ready to work under those peoples without any expectations. It has not from my mind. This word comes from my heart. My country have a good leader. We require a good leader for my state to support the development of my country. Jaihind

0 0 Namaste Modi ji. Tamilnadu was ruined by Dravidian parties. Now another dacoits creating a path to loot Tamilnadu. We require a honest and charismatic leaders like Mr.Kamarajar  ex CM of Tamilnadu Mr.Kakkan etc.   Every one in my state expect a self less leaders.We also looking for a good party to throw these DMK /,ADMK from our soil.Those people dont also us to read our nationallanguage Hindi and taken care of their relatives and friends.The drawbacks in TN is no charismatic leader in TN.

0 0 Sir.
  I am really thank you for this type of program. I share my experience in education system.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister, 
Your government has been doing so well till now to make India shine. But when it comes to education system, it needs reform.  I would suggest providing world class education to our young generation. Introduction of International Baccalaureate program and Cambridge IGCSE program in India will help our generation to get world class education and challenge themselves to think out of the box. Rise above  reservation based system of education and jobs. There should be exams.

0 0 Dear Mr.Modi,
I am writing from USA. Our education system place so much stress on marks that they do not learn essential skills to succeed in the society.99 -100% marks achieved by students show they have buried themselves under book for long.Schools should prepare you for life not tests and exams.We should teach life skills, community involvement etc at an early age like 8.Stress of tests takes away the learning from a kid. They should,know nature/friends/self sufficeny not aim for 100% marks.

0 0 4। भाड़ेपे खेती करने बाले किशास को सीधे शिधे सरकारी मुयाबजा राशि प्रदान किया जाए । तार चिनट    प्रक्रिया सेही ग्राम कृषक षभा के माध्यम से चिनट कियाजाना चाहिए ।
5। किशानो की उत्पादित सामाग्री की मार्केट ज्ञारेंति प्रदान कियाजाए ।

0 0 3। प्राकृतिक बीपरजय पे हो रही फसल हानी को किशानो की भरपाई के लिए दिए जारहे अनुदान रासिकों    महजूदा रिलीफ़ कोड पे संसोधन करके प्रति एकड़ मुयाबजा रासी 25000 रुपे प्रदान किया जाए ओर सब्जी    की खेती हो या अर्थ रासी फसल को आकलन करके प्रदान किया जाए ।

0 0 As against our elders, the service class now shift jobs more frequently or might have to change location to manage different project / responsibilities once in every 1 to 2 years.In 2015 I moved from Delhi to Chennai and now in 2017 I am moving from Chennai to Bangalore. Every time I change location I need to go through the hassle of getting NOCs and re-registration of vehicles. Can we think of one India, one number for our vehicles or have some easier ways to transfer vehicles between states?

0 0 1। कृषि खेत्र को सिल्प की दर्जा मिलना चाहिए ।
2। कृषि खेत्रपे मिलरही सारे अनुकपा रासी को सीधे सीधे उसकी जमा खातेमे उपलाब्ध करबाना ( यथा-   बीज,फर्टिलाइजर , कीटनासक के साथ सारे सरकारी खेत्र प्रदरसन को किशान आफ्नै पसंद को स्वोतंत्रता    प्रदान किया जाए ताकि उसकी जाहत की सामग्री खरीद सके ओर स्वाधीन ता मिल सके । देष मे एक    प्रतिजोगिता की दर सुरू होसके ।

0 0 1। कृषि खेत्र को सिल्प की दर्जा मिलना चाहिए ।
2। कृषि खेत्रपे मिलरही सारे अनुकपा रासी को सीधे सीधे उसकी जमा खातेमे उपलाब्ध करबाना ( यथा-   बीज,फर्टिलाइजर , कीटनासक के साथ सारे सरकारी खेत्र प्रदरसन को किशान आफ्नै पसंद को स्वोतंत्रता    प्रदान किया जाए ताकि उसकी जाहत की सामग्री खरीद सके ओर स्वाधीन ता मिल सके । देष मे एक    प्रतिजोगिता की दर सुरू होसके ।

0 0 Hi Sir,
Exams are all about how u understood something and not about what others said in textbooks. So there shouldnt be any pressure to share what u think about that particular question. Your textbook might disagree about your answer but we are agree to disagree.Read your textbook and think whether u agree if not question it and share ur thoughts in the answer paper without any pressure.Always remember there r billions of ways to do a problem.Exams r just a phase.No pressure and u will b happy

0 0 Respected PM,
PLZ HELP FARMER'S SON'S.
        I'm BE mechanical engineer from karnataka, present gvt talks about transperency but as a frsher i dont have any references in any company because my father is FARMER so we can not get hired they only hire refered candiates, also i have applied for HAL apperentship last mmonth but not getting any response  i have a doubt on that. In our state there is draught so there is no income also plz take care of us

0 0 एक खेत एक बाजार ।
की – भूत(काल) + सा – बर्तमान(समय) + न  – भबीस्य(नीति)  = किसान हे ।
   किशान संसार का सबसे बड़ा धर्य हे, सबसे बड़ा सत्य हे, सबसे बड़ा कस्ट भि हे । समय हे । निष्कर्ष हे । नियति का एक अभिर्न्न अंग हे । एक अग्नि सीखा हे । आपने आप को जलाते हुए संशार के हर बर्ग की मुख पे हसी देता हे । सदा सर्बदा उसकी टकर पहले सूर्य  निकलता हे या ओ खुद । गर्मी हो या थंडी के मौसम या बारिश उसे कोई फरक नेही पड़ता हे । आज देष की किशानो की मांग ए हे ।

0 0 एक खेत एक बाजार ।
की – भूत(काल) + सा – बर्तमान(समय) + न  – भबीस्य(नीति)  = किसान हे ।
   किशान संसार का सबसे बड़ा धर्य हे, सबसे बड़ा सत्य हे, सबसे बड़ा कस्ट भि हे । समय हे । निष्कर्ष हे । नियति का एक अभिर्न्न अंग हे । एक अग्नि सीखा हे । आपने आप को जलाते हुए संशार के हर बर्ग की मुख पे हसी देता हे । सदा सर्बदा उसकी टकर पहले सूर्य  निकलता हे या ओ खुद । गर्मी हो या थंडी के मौसम या बारिश उसे कोई फरक नेही पड़ता हे । आज देष की किशानो की मांग ए हे ।

0 0 to the PMO,
my views regards the current student-parent-teacher scenario is attached herewith.
Radhika Agrawal(nagpur, maharashtra, India)
#MyGov

0 0 Dear Mr. PM
Good evening good to see you sparing your time personally and interacting with the people on every important issue . Exams- a much hyped up issue by parents and an important phase of students' life . Over expectations of parents actually create panic and tension in students' mind who if not under stress and pressure from parents ,peer and society would perform much better. Students remember to do your best and ask questions to your teachers as to where to apply the concept learned

0 0 Sir can we think of an exam where students are not under pressure for marks, but they enjoy performing in exams. Today majority of our private schools take pride in the fact that the barber/salon have a hair-cut by the school name and the physical education teachers have this job to check hairs length of each student. Instead if these teachers could focus more on helping students learn to play and be physically fit and schools focus more on enabling things for students..it will help.

0 0 like for example
in Vedanta a foreigner employee who has studied only 10th standard in his country is hired to teach the operation of the certain equipment. this is self explanatory what is the quality of our education. and this is very clear that the demand and supply for an organisation provided by our educational institutes are not adequate for which we are hiring people from outside.

0 0 Shri modi ji aarakshan ke baare me kuch sochiye

0 0 Respected P.M.
Thanks for giving chance to we here. our country going on development way but comes some hurdle here. mainly youth are majority unemployment that reson is not learn good techniql & skill practical education. another one is our indian education institution was getting high donation & fill unqualified or poor expert & also students has be admitted as getting the donation as management quota lower merit students. plz improve that producer and system. do something remove unemployment

0 0 Dear Mr. PM,
The whole system of grades and marks should be eradicated from the system. it should be on the personal interest of the child what he likes the most and accordingly he should be trained from the beginning so that he can earn for him/herself in future and accordingly the employment system of nation has to be developed. there is no shortage of resources in our country but there is shortage of opportunity in different fields.then only the mindset of the people will change.

0 0 Respected sir,
I satish yadav
It is my great pleasure to giving suggestion to PM,
I completed my graduation(B.Tech) in 2015 and started preparing for competitive exams like SSC-CGL,IBPS,RBI etc.,
I notice in ur governance that vacancies as comparable to previous government is decreasing sharply and dont know what's the reason behind that,and your motive for digital india,privitisation india is a good move but there is still deserving students were unemployed n searching for reputed jobs.

0 0 Sir we wants one India one education for all only the their is preference to state language in each state.and other subjects are same yo each state.

1 0 This is nice step taken to discuss on Exam Preparations. As UP and other state's election will be going on during this exam preparation, It will be good if you tell youngsters only to concentrate on their studies. You should also advice the parent to vote in this elections for their child's better future. And specially to girls, you must advice the Girls to study under the scheme "Beti Bachao, Beti Padao". And also advice students not to hesitate in examination, keep preparing and do best.

0 0 My message for youngsters is,"Don't loose your confidence just keep faith and don't afraid from any exams although whole life is an exam in itself, so enjoy every moment and give exam with full confidence,don't afraid of failure; do smart hard work you will definitely win"

1 0 Dear Sir,
Please find the attached letter. It is regarding high application fee in various recruitment advertisements. Please eradicate this tradition of high application fee. How a lower and middle class student can bear such large amount of application fee which varies from Rs. 300 to Rs. 1500.  If UPSC and SSC can conduct recruitment exams in just only Rs. 100 and Rs. 200, why many Govt organisations and PSU can't? This should be stopped.
We students, shall be highly obliged to you.

0 0 Government uses their funds for Education Departments, Health Department for developing society and open new govt.schools, colleges, Hospitals... All wants to get government jobs, But no one Government Servant want to put their children in Govt. schools, no one govt. servant want to take medical premises in govt. hospitals..
Govt has to take strict action on that. Strict to stop opening new private schools.. Facilities increase in all govt. premises..

1 0 Exams need to be effective to assess the true potential of the child rather than mere memory trash. Emphasis to be made on application and evaluation in testing. Teachers should discuss the marking schemes with the students after the tests.  Teachers should finish their test portion ahead of time, to aid preparation. Use modifications in testing depending on student's strength- oral testing, written testing, project work etc. Please ensure one success experience of learning in student's life.

0 0 A saying " There is always vacancy at the top & crowed at the bottom" ~Swami Vivekananda .
Student must not take stress even when the environment in home not as per your requirement. Tv is going in high volume,relatives came just before exams to disturb you.Its wrong but they are also yours You just be calm do mediation even in disturbance. Your dedication is important not your requirement. If people don't understand you then you understand them. Allow disturbance.No worries its a part of life.

0 0 #PMonRadio
Request to formulate a process for every Indian take pride and contribute in Nation building.
1. Identify ~SIX National Missions. Example: Swatch Bharat / Up life poor / Education for all / Sports, Yoga, Spiritual Growth / Digital India / Health care
2. Every citizen should associate themselves with above
3. Encourage to affix sticker identity on ID or all places
4. ~20% emphasis in Job interview / Quarterly discussions / School admissions
5. ~5% Tax deduction

0 0 Request to formulate a process for every Indian take pride and contribute in Nation building.
1. Identify ~SIX National Missions. Example: Swatch Bharat / Up life poor / Education for all / Sports, Yoga, Spiritual Growth / Digital India / Health care
2. Every citizen should associate themselves with ONE or TWO of the above
3. Encourage to affix sticker identity at one ID or all places
4. ~20% emphasis in Job interview / Quarterly discussions / School admissions
5. ~5% Tax deduction

0 0 Dear Mr Prime Minister,Its a great honour to share my thoughts on exams,Would be wonderful if kids are allowed to prove their excellence without the pressure of Peers/School/Parents, sadly its become an arduous task for the kids,who instead of loving the challenge are put to the test of scoring high marks.why should marks be the only criterion to judge a kids knowledge?why are 99.9 % a cut off to get admission?the best of the brains/Nobel Laureates are those who never scored those high marks

1 0 Honorable PM,
please provide the reservation on the basis of economic status and eliminate the caste system.Teacher teach us don't encourage caste system but the same teacher asks caste certificate for admission in schools

0 0 Namaskar Modiji,
The Tenth grade board exams are commencing, the preparation of students in a systematic  way leads them to come out with flying colors but the pattern of 'continuous comprehensive evaluation'(C.C.E) must be upgraded and corrected for getting most out of a student. this pattern (C.C.E) is good but the way is not good, so please take the necessary action against schooling system. for example the working of D.E.O for the verification and checking of the books and projects. thanks

0 0 Sir, Instead of allowing more and more low quality private engg. colleges to be opened. Please increase more seats in a reputed engg. college and enhance the quality of present engg. colleges so that quality cannot be compromised of the institution and more students can fulfill their dreams of getting a degree and knowledge from world class institute.

0 0 Respected sir,
I'm medical student. Please Remove politics from examination system in higher education. Some students will pass final examination because their father is politician or well known person of city. Some will pass examination by bribe. Please remove this kind of nuisance from higher education system like medical education.

0 0 Parents should give positive reinforcement to students during exam. They must just be there for the kids and not give them any tension regarding exams or results or admission. Instead if they assure them that irrespective of the results if there are many options available today students can focus better on their studies and pass with flying colours

0 0 Respected Sir,I am the student Of B.Tech 3rd yr. I observed that buildings of schools and colleges are only operational on the daytime i.e they are only utilized for the couple of hours between 8 am to 2 pm max. Otherwise the building remains locked. We can utilize this infrastructure on the Evening hours for various activities such as Skill development of the citizens, educating the illiterate adults, fitness classes and promoting the self-defense among girls.This way it would be beneficial.

0 0 " Patagonia Supplier Network s Workers Skin Lambs Alive ", watch this in youtube
Ban PeTA in india & save indian pets and animals...  from PeTA

0 0 Hello Sir, Being a student from Puttparthi, Sathya Sai Baba would place utmost importance on students doing well in the exams. Here are the tips He gave us students to do well:
•Have faith in yourself and confidence in achieving success.
•The second quality I want you to develop is looking up on great persons you have been crowned with success in their lives.
•cherish high aims.
•“Samadrishti” or equal attention on all such subjects.
•“Jnapaka Shakti” or memory power.
• Write and practice

0 0 Thanks, for giving opportunity to the students to tell their man ke bat ,I am very glad to have you as the prime minister of my mother nation India.  I have attached a file expressing my man ke batt please go through it is the main problem in students life
regards
Masoom Sushant Gumbhir

0 0 Respected Pm Modi Sir
Within few these months of year all exams will take place and our upcoming future feel an agony in preparation of the exam. But in this context the reason behind their tension is the fault inherited in our educational system .school and colleges have become a place of useless experiments which have created an atmosphere of chaos and confusion among students. Teachers are hired on a meagre wage are not able to provide quality education due to economical crisis.

0 0 Hon’ble Sir,
I have attached below my suggestion for argumenting the finances for railways on long-term basis.
Warm Regards
R.S. Kaushal
Former Chief Architect
CPWD

0 0 Hi
1. Each school/college/University should be self sustainable(or Local Authority dependent),Independent(wrt to Courses offered) but come under some form of regulatoy authority.
2. Education should Provide knowledge on healthy life and scientific thought and not to JUDGE students

0 0 Dear Sir,
A student score good marks in school level than due to lack of guidance & teaching in college he scored poor marks in graduation & again he score good marks in Diploma (Topper) .I want to know is this student is weak he did't allowed to get higher studies as per Indian education. Why we need to prove our self Always in India. some time's mind sleeps may be because of wrong time. Its life than why it become punishment.

0 0 India needs best hospitality but some fake doctor s hazardous for country please modi sir remove all these culprit s of neet exam I m medical student our dream is "one country one test" jai hind

0 0 Dear PMji, while this is a tense time for students appearing for their exams, it is also important to keep it in perspective. Getting high marks in the exams is good, but is not sufficient. So students who score low needn't despair. What is more important is the ability to remain inquisitive in life and be open to learning new skills. Most exams don't test the students' ability to think. An inquiry-based approach is what will be more useful to students in life than rote learning for exams.

0 0 Respected sir.
There is lot of difference between engineering student and Bsc student. One who studies engineering society thinks they are brilliant but one who studies Bsc they are not .and one who studies bsc they don't get opportunity for jobs and even after completing bsc or MSc there is no encouragment for research. But society need new invention in science but they don't encourage for it.pleases do something for it sir.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister of India,
I request to you please review on Department of Agriculture & Cooperation in here there are  so many departments but there is no use and welfare for farmers academics, country.
please consider my request.
Thanking You.

0 0 For the Students:
Be the best and give your 100%. Doesn't matter how much you score more important is that you put in hard work and do your best.
Don't get stressed out and take small breaks in between you study.
Study what your teachers have taught and also go through all the notes and book too.
Teacher's:
Give as much practice as you can
Motivate your students to study and be their support
Guide them well how to prepare
Students who are nt super intelligent give them some imp ques

0 0 DEAR RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA.
MY NAME IS BHARAT KAPADIA. I REQUEST YOU TO TELL ALL PRIVATE SCHOOL AND GOVERMENT SCHOOL SHOULD HAVE YOGA CLASSES FOR ALL OUR YOUNG MIND SECOND SOME SPRITUAL SUBJECT.SANSKRIT SHOULD BE COMPULSORILY. NOW A DAYS PARENTS KEEP THERE CHILD IN SCHOOL IN VERY EARLY AGE JUST DECIDE AN APPROPRIATE AGE OF CHILD SO THAT IT IS GOOD FOR CHILD DEVLOPMENT. I AM VERY SMALL PERSON TO TELL MY WORDS. THANKING YOU SIR FOR GIVING A CHANCE SHARE OUR OPION. JAI HIND

0 0 Hello Prime Minister,
If you are really willing to do something good for students then please remove reservations in jobs and education. Govt can implement other welfare schemes starting from primary education for backward castes but reservation is killing merit students.

0 0 sir i want to talk on serious issue like education sector now a days it is only became a business to earn money so please do something and curb corruption from this sector then 'INDIA' will became 'SUPER POWER'.

0 0 Dear prime minister , sorry for being informal but can you please check ..Is there any cyber attack has been going ..i checked bbc news 3 hr back but no news here ..
all free extension suddenly wants your credit card details .
please confirm and please do what its needed to be done ..thanks..
please Do what all needed to be check..

0 0 Dear sir Government should control expenditures of Education and Medical.As Government is giving Fees reimbursement for children of central Government employees and medical reimbursement facility and refering to private hospitals for treatment of family members of CG empolyees,there is Huge hike in the rates of educational & medical expenditure. this hike is so much that the common man cannot afford to the above.

0 0 another point- no grading should give number

0 0 point no1-allow two girl child for free of cost education instead of one  girl child.
point no 2-after class 8 education system should be on specialization. like science, bioscience, ecoscience e.t.c.

0 0 Sir, when i was in class x teachers called my parents said your son is weak in studies he will not pass so stop him for giving this exam,I given & scored 1st dv,same thing happened in class 12th.Sir my point is  challenging students works  & this challenge must be given by most valuable person or teachers but should take care of the student if he will not get success.

0 0 Dear Narendra Modi ji,
I request you to please convey to students to take adequate sleep before exams! Many of the bright minds study extensively and reduce hours of sleep to study more. This only has a detrimental effect on their exam performance. A cool calm and alert mind is required during exams and a good sleep of minimum 7 hours is a must. Thankyou.
Archit Chandak
New Delhi

0 0 Respected sir...!
My thought is not related to above subject But I want to say one thing that.. Syllabus of Each & every school (Govt & private) should be same.

0 0 E. valuation of knowledge or skill
X. ylem.. process to nurture future
A.ccountability of parents/teacher
M.ental gym for all students
.......... NO ACTIONS FOR NO RESULT SHOULD ME THE MOTTO FOR PARENTS AND  STAKE HOLDERS TO STOP PRESSURE ON STUDENTS.

0 0 Dear Prime minister. I had written a complete blog on how to reduce stress on students & encourage positivity. Kindly check 
https://renukajain.blogspot.in/2016/12/straight-from-heart.html?m=1
Warm regards
Renuka jain

1 0 टीचर्स को लेकर
चलो देश की राजधानी की बात करते है 
दिल्ली म जो हाल टीचर्स edu का उसका  सारे देश में शायद कही होगा 
रूल्स भर्ती के ऐसे है prt प्राथमिक शिक्षक लग कर आप pgt यहा तक की प्रिनिसिपल भी बन सकते है सिर्फ एक प्राथमिक का एग्जाम पास करने बाद 85%  promotion post है 
15% की भर्ती पे भी एग्जाम हुए भर्ती आये सालो हो गये ।
 लगभग 3 साल ओर उसके पहले हुए एग्जाम के रिजल्ट को 3 साल लग गये । 
800 rs रोज मात्र में एक टीचर रखे हुए है । 
और हमारी सरकार इसे शान से चल

0 0 Dear sir,
I am a youngster and I have completed my diploma in electronics and communication engineering. I want to clear say one thing to you sir that let every indian should get a chance to apply or answer competitive exam in state  competitive examination. So please consider my request that let everyone get a chance without considering the state quota.
Thanking you 
Your faithfully 
Abhijit Sugathan

0 0 Dear Prime Minister sir,
i am a surgeon and a teacher.
The teachers in the country must be requested to make examinations relevant to life - particularly in the medical sciences. Questions are asked to put students down. This is wrong. Questions must be to know whether they know enough to pass.
Students must be asked to learn the trade - not the tricks of the trade, rather, tricks of passing exams!!

0 0 Being a student and a future engineer, filled with immense enthusiasm, dreams and a fervent proclivity to build our nation stronger and smarter. I wish to fabricate the education system of the unprivileged children of our nation with a mechanism that would actually help them grow. It would be an honour for me to work for the government and especially with the PMO India, so that I could learn from him firsthand and become a successful Prime Minister of India one day.

0 0 I am honoured that you are giving us a chance to provide our views and suggestions. Here are some of my suggestions'

0 0 Respected PM Sir,
I have a suggestion.
We should keep National Flag in every class room of our schools, colleges & universities.
Only you can implement this Sir.
Regards & Best Wishes to you.
Jai Hind
Saradindu Chakravarti

0 0 In the government schools, craft classe periods are not conducting properly. Who's can no catch/understandable education, that students may showing more interest on crafts. So after 10th standard they can settle in any craft, when they may no facing competitive exams for getting job. So please conduct craft periods regularly in all government schools.

0 0 I request moderator to see attached file. thank you

0 0 Introduce competitive exam subjects to 10th standard students. Due to now if can need any low grade job, that time all departments are asking minimum 10th qualification. So if you can introducing competitive exam subjects in the 10th standard education. Then after 10th class whose may not study higher education with they have financial problems, that time they will face competitive exams for getting to the job with the availability of  competitive exam subjects in the 10th class.

0 0 I think review all education system and use English language as main language in education. I also suggest that government use international business subject and give guidance relating international business. I think give loan in higher education and it takes back from him after whenever he will get job and money.

0 0 Modiji namaskar. My father spent most of his small salary all his life to pay the fees of more than 300 students whose parents refused to make them study for lack of funds. My father used to work tirelessly to make these students successful in life. During Saraswati Puja these students used to line up to offer pranam to my father. Other than that my father never got any recognition. His school principal tried to get him sacked. As long as teachers like him are not encouraged, nothing will happen

0 0 Sir, I am a student of 11 cbse
Our school starts in the month of June and the final term starts in Feb
The course which we have to study in 12 or 11 months we are studying in 8 or 9 months. So please fix our problems

0 0 I would like to know how this specific topic "experiences about examinations" was choosen ?
I think the PM & his core advisors are completely out of touch with reality.
Frankly I am expecting the PM to talk about his major initiative called "Cashless economy & demonetization".  
Raghu

0 0 Respect Tricolour....National Anthem...National Leaders......

0 0 Sir
The current system of education and exam system must be revised on a wartime basis. I had been working as a higher secondary Economics lecturer for 12 years and currently working as a financial journalist. Just sharing some experiences.

1 0 Reduce the curriculum in all classes. 90% of the material taught is not required, not used.  Students are overburdened. Better to reduce load to 50% till class 10 level.  No relevance of all that is learned.  People cannot apply so lose the value of that knowledge.
Create apps to teach language to people, facts.

0 0 Chant....Gayatri Mantra....holistic mantra at all times,situations, circumstances  irrespetive of class, colour creed.
Om Bhur Bhuva Swaha ... Tat Savitur varenyam... Bhargo devasya Dhimahi  Dhiyo Yo Na Prachodayat..
I t will take care of everything n eanything...

0 0 almost all the landlords in student areas like old rajinder nagar,karol bagh,mukheerjee nagar(new delhi) are earning almost 1 lakh per month and getting away without paying any taxes.Please bring some policy to bring them under ambit of income tax.

0 0 GOI in coordination with state should make a survey and take stock of available PHC (Primary Health Center) across the nation and set up more PHCs,at least one PHC for every 5000 population.Govt should train and induct more health/nursing staff, so that quality of health can be improved. GOI and State Govt should allocate more budget towards the same. Companies/organisation may be instructed to set up PHCs under CSR initiative. Govt may go for 05 year plan to achieve the target fixed.

0 0 Respected sir, i want to say that in The Loksabha and The Vidhansabha election you must created rule who have not educated he did not get ticket in election and the education should be graduate because ours MP  and MLA is our future and our future is our country.

0 0 शीघ्र ही परीक्षाएँ आने वाली हैं। सभी छात्र छात्राएं तन्मयता से तैयारी में जुटे हुए हैं परंतु वर्तमान शिक्षा नीति के आधार पर जो पाठ्यक्रम है वह सरस और रोचक न होकर उबाऊ है। पाठ्यक्रम ऐसा होना चाहिए जो जीविकोपार्जन में सहायक होने के साथ-साथ इस प्रकार व्यक्तित्व निर्माण करे कि छात्र-छात्राएं  बेहतर इंसान बनें।
अस्तु आप से निवेदन है कि वर्तमान उबाऊ पाठ्यक्रम को बदल कर नवीन, सरस एवं रोचक पाठ्यक्रम बनाएं ताकि छात्र-छात्राओं का इस प्रकार मानसिक विकास हो कि वे संस्कारवान बनें।
  अर्जितपाण्डेय

0 0 Respected Modiji
I will be very happy if you share your clear view and plans for the startup india initiative for the upcoming year. I request you to please make and seperate department for it. As all of us india is full of youngster and many of us are trying to gives hand for the development of india. This initiative will also generates a lots of employablity and enterprenuers.
Details i have attached a file here.  Thank you! Jai hind

0 0 Ye pariksha(exam)  students ki nahi hai.  Ye Pariksha un Shikshakon ki hai jinhone students ko vidhya di hai..  Students ko to bas usi vidhya ka anusaran kr k likhna hai.  Pass ya fail student nahi hota usko di gayi siksha hoti hai.  Pariksha ka pressure na le.  Ise utsah se de. Jivan me bahut se raste hai vikas k.. Pariksha to ekchota padav hai.  Koi pariksha student k jeevan se badi nahi hoti.  Honsla rakh k confidence se taiyari karein. Mujhe sikhna hai ye soche,fail ya pass hona ye na soche.

0 0 The formula for success which made me a topper is, if you're going to study for 2 hours,spend 10 minutes gathering the study materials, 15 minutes for going through the whole subject to study because it gives a whole picture of how & what the subject really is, 15 minutes to take notes, an hour to read & the notes & work it out,remaining 20 minutes to revise the topics. Sure this 100% works,I tried it out & passed the IIT JEE exam without any coaching & board exams. #PMonradio #Mannkibaat !!!!!

0 0 Sir please look into the examination conducted by SSC i.e. SSC CGL tier II 2016 examination.

0 0 many Teachers give same notes to the whole class all students write same answer :) some students answer jante hue bhi time me complete ni kar pate :( & kuch to pura answer hi bhul jate hai :(  dats why prepare own notes dimag se niklega hi nahi
A inspirational show "cracking the code" on CNN IBN year 2007 inspired me.

0 0 Major problems which r facing by unemployed youth is
1.High Application Fee:some PSU's, IBPS Application Fee ranges between 600/- to 1500/- which can't be affordable by unemployed youth so kindly take some measures to minimize it
2. High Professionals in small jobs: This will happens  due to lack of proper vacancies in government and public sector.
3. Flaws in education system: we are just updating our degree's not standards. in present days we are running for ranks not for required standards

1 0 We, on our part, as parent or teacher or govt also need to address following issue:
1. Curriculum and education system is designed to instil confidence that it is not for getting a job but for learning and shapng skill in the field of studen's choice.

1 0 Students should prepare for exam for their own sense of happiness and achievement and not for peer, parent or teacher pressure and expectation. They should set their benchmark basis their own capacity and prepare for it exactly the way they would prepare for their favorite activities like debate or project or sport

0 0 IS IT POSSIBLE TO HAVE ONE SINGLE EDUCATION BOARD FOR ALL  CHILDREN GETTING EDUCATION UNDER DIFFERENT BOARD AND DIFFERENT SYSTEMS.

0 0 Dear honourable prime minister
Baning the currency was a great decision 90% of people are with u nd the remaining 10% people are from congress so they are against this decision sir.

1 0 Respected Modi Ji,
.We go to school only secure max marks, which doesn't help in our life.
.We need skill and targeted education system after 10th class, current higher education system only waste time and creates unemployment.
.All cultural thoughts, patrirtism, honesty,cleanliness must be tought from class 1.
Thank You Sir for this platform.
Jai Hind !

0 0 Students must prepare notes by themselves to make difference among others.They must gather  tempting notes idea.Some highlited bookish sentence & some from internet & also add there experience.If 1 defination asked write 2  may be u got dat from internet  so that checker dont find way to deduct your marks.1 drawing to explain your thoughts.

0 0 SIR this time share your thoughts for the Youngster parents and teachers also. They are the ones who treat there children based upon there marks rather than the knowledge they gained. the thing is "exams are not meant for getting marks they test the knowledge we gained in the subject but the drama has changed allot", they should read for knowledge rather than marks for a bright future and for a brilliant students for our NATION INDIA.

0 0 सर् मॆ आप् सॆ यॆ खहना चह्ता हॊ कि NSDC का कॊइ कम् अच्छा नहि हॊ रहा है बॊ ह्म् लॊगॊ कॊ गुम रहा किया जा रहा है बॊ result nhi de rha hai 2 saal ho gey hai 2015 se abhi tk uska koi result nhi abhi tk mila hai

1 0 Hon. PM has great concept to talk with students who are appearing in the examination, hon.PM has always encourage the students to do some thing best for them as well as for the nation, the examination should be faced with patience and peaceful with the preparation made for examination by students, all the students should be confidents and no tention or worry , while appearing for the examination, hon. PM has also earlier guide to the students, and also wishes best to the students, best wishes

0 0 #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov
दिव्यांग (विकलांग) बच्चो और बेटियों के education के लिये खास सुविधा, Special Exam Support Team और exam के भीड़ को देखकर Special Exam Center का होना जरुरी है!

0 0 I am a father, student put heart and soul to do best in the examination what its very tragic that even after scoring high marks/ percentile, those who score less marks get first preference.
At the end they realise they fall victim of reservation. Definitely this will lead to brain drain else PLZ STOP using RESERVATION as Poilitcal arsenal.

0 0 दिव्यांग (विकलांग) बच्चो और बेटियों के education के लिये खास सुविधा, Special Exam Support Team और exam के भीड़ को देखकर Special Exam Center का होना जरुरी है!

0 0 Dear Honorable prime minister.
I also feel that along with other subjects, life skills and value education must be included in the curriculum to inculcate values and help students to identify their strengths and also
help them to improve their skills that will be very vital for
their career growth and success. Teachers should also include
counseling of students in their extra curricular activities to
help students to manage the pressures of expectations and help
them in reducing stress.

0 0 I am a teacher. We grew up when our teachers often behaved as if they were our parents; their love and concern for us was almost like a parent. At the same time, our parents were often the sternest teachers for us. I believe that all of us must introspect on: why is it that "the parent" is dying in a teacher's heart and why "the teacher" is taking a backseat in every parent? Students and Children are growing up under two unfulfilled and incomplete influences.

1 0 Sir..please stop reservation system..all SC/St are not poor..also all general are not rich.        Jai hind

0 0 Dear Honorable prime minister.
Teachers also need to play a vital role in helping students to
prepare for their exams. Teachers need to express confidence in
their students about their ability to perform well in the exams.
Teachers may spend extra time and effort to guide and help
students who may need more attention to overcome their doubts
and difficulties. Teachers may include mock exams in the first
quarter of the academic year combined with fun activities to
quell fear.

0 0 Dear Sir
The Management colleges in UP are in bad shape. These places are promoted and managed by businessmen with least interest in giving quality education. The management does not hire experiend teachers they to cut cost and recruit any post graduate teacher who may be a fresher and willing to work for less salary there is no proper student- teacher ratio. Teachers are also forced to do tasks that dont fall in their area of respondibility.There is no monitoring by government bodies

0 0 Dear Honorable prime minister.
The important thing parents must do is get involved with their
kids and help them prepare for exams by keeping them relaxed,
expressing confidence in their ability to cope up with their
exams, indulge in activities that will help kids to reduce the
level of stress that they undergo while preparing for their
exams. If parents can spend roughly about four hours everyday
for about 4 months prior to the exam, it will be of immense
help for the kid.

0 0 आजकल विध्यार्धियो के कन्धों पर पुस्तकों का बोझ बहुत रहता है। परीक्षा के समय स्टूडेंट्स को समय को manage कर तैयारी पूरी करना एक चुनौती रहता है। अतः स्टूडेंट्स को प्रारंभ से ही पुरे तन्मयता के साथ तैयारी करनी चाहिए जिससे कि परीक्षा के समय तनाव ना हो।
अभिभावक को बच्चों के प्रति अधिक जवाबदेही के साथ उसपर पैनी निगाह रखनी चाहिए। पढाई के प्रति रुझान, मित्रों का आचार-विचार और वयवहार, परीक्षा से सम्बंधित तैयारी तथा परिवार के अन्दर कलहविहीन माहौल पर खासकर बच्चों के माता और पिता को ध्यान रखना चाहिए।

0 0 REGARDING CENTRAL CIRCLE SCHOLARSHIP SCHEME.

0 0 HONOURABLE PRIME MINISTER
 SIR My humble Request is Reduction of application fee for public sector units.Sir number of students from poor background they could not bare heavy fees.Mainly public sector units like Banks,Insurance and other statutory units.economically backward people not having reservations but they also have to pay heavy fees when they applied.poor background families facing heavy fees in addition to coaching and tuition fees.

0 0 The students find it very difficult to score marks in PCMB together, due to their private tutions in PCMB  as well as their daily HSS lectures and assignments therein.

0 0 Sir, Please allow:- (1) study Loan subsidy (2) Combined Exam for IBPS, SBI, GIC, LIC, Railway, RBI, UPSC etc. with Rs. 100/- for general Candidates. (2) GATE, CAT, MAT fees should be reduce to Rs. 100/- (3) Free Internet connection to all students. (4) Subsidy on study materials, books & magazine. (5) Exam pass or discount on rail/bus for interview or Exams.

0 0 our education system has proven ineffective.There are lots of IIT in our country but even they don't get funds for instruments & research(i know cos i m an iitian too).there is very less research infrastructure in our country.Most of research/internship positions in countries like Singapore,USA is full with chinese student becoz their gov funds in them,we don't have any support,So any prof from good universities prefer others.any infrastructure gets damaged within days due to lack of research.

0 0 1. For the working people the tax slabs should be relaxed
2. Government should promote tie-up with Electric car/ Bike e.g. TESLA companies to promote GREEN INITIATIVE as pollution is killing
3. We don't need bullet train at this stage rather speed of max 250 km/hr with high security and facility for the next 5 -7 years
4. We need a nuclear power plant in every state and stop thermal/other fuel plants except hydro
5. Population control initiatves need to be started asap

0 0 PM:One person directly affecting common people life.They are Sub-Inspector of police.In-charge of a police station & team of police persons,they manipulating everything.Instead of being a protector they are exploiter of common person lives.Since with lot of power they kills in the name of encounter, they loot in name of bribes etc.Just record all SI phone communication keep them record of min 10 years, People will die, once they hear this SI call records.Set up independent Unit to monitor & act.

0 0 Dear Sir,
On the birthday of NetaJi SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE, I want the Government to make a video documentary on Netaji based on files declassified by your government to acknowledge his much bigger role in India's Independence. Along with this I want you to publicize that documentary all over India.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome/indianews/article-3416178/Who-freed...
Regards

0 0 PM sir, board exam pass karne ke baad higher education ke liye doosre shahar me hostel me rahne ke baare me sochte hain, to mann me ek hi baat aati hai ki wanha par kanhaiya kumar type logo ka kabja hoga, janha par 30-35 saal ke ladke sirf isliye Ph.D kar rahe hain taki unko 11 rupye mahine ke kamare rahne ko mil jaye aur phir wanha se netagiri kare. JNU ya doosri university me Hostel me rahne ke liye koyi to rule hona chahiye sir. Garib bachhe bahar 5-10 hazar kiraya nahi de sakte.

0 0 one admission form for all stream  than one exam with various  papers (subject+ career innovation paper) than one counseling than college /stream  allotment .
ex. exam neet + cat + clat +iit jee+ others= all india admission test (aiat)
 aiat exam structure papers(hindi english maths physics chemistry biology zoology social study aptitude  etc...)

0 0 Dear Sir,
Children, often ask, why should I study this? What is the use of it? Most of us would brush the questions aside saying it is important to get good grades as it will help them get into a good college and then hopefully, follow a career of their choice. However, in my opinion, what our Indian system of education and exams do is to develop the habit of working hard and being disciplined. If our school system adds innovation to the educational mix, we as a nation will be unbeatable.

0 0 Also the back log of DNB primary candidates should be cleared.
Previous papers relooked and pass percentage made 100 percent as in management quota seats

0 0 Sir
DNB for post graduate medical exam after completing training for 3 yrs pass percentage earlier was 15 to 20 percent.
These candidates took entrance exam and got admission
Whereas management quota has not been able to clear and hence taken this route
Now pass percentage in management quota is 100 percent after 1 or 2 attempts whereas it is not so in DNB candidates who have proved themselves to be better by taking admission after exam.

0 0 आदरणीय ;
श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी ,प्रधान मंत्री
सादर नमन  देश के युवाओं  के नाम  मन की बात के माध्यम से  उन्हें जो आपने सपनों पूरा करने के लिए पूर्णतयाः दृढ़संकल्पित है। गीत का शीर्षक है "कहो मौत से उस दिन तक चुपचाप रहें "
  स्वप्नों के इस अम्बर में ,कर्तव्यों की वेदी पर,
   आकांक्षाओं को जब तक , मूर्त रूप न दे दूँ ,
    कहों मौत से उस दिन तक चुपचाप रहें । ।
     रमेश चन्द्र सोनी

0 0 Yes SIr, students appearing for Board/Competitive exams do go through a STRESSFULL period. It doesn't end with the exams. The children and parents have to bear it till they get ADMISSION in their desired streams/ fields.

0 0 Respected Sir, We citizens greatly appreciate your 'Man ki baat'and look forward to it. Similarly, please ensure that the voice of every citizen, civilian or SOLDIER in distress/pain is heard at the appropriate level. Only when the aggrieved person can't take it anymore, does he/ she make it public/ or posts in social media. Sir, during Demonetization, corruption in banking sector got exposed.It's very much in all sectors,including Defence. So it's my prayer that SOLDIER's grievance is heard

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, we would like you to talk about the importance of good education for visually impaired children or for that matter, any child with a disability. We should as a country be focused on 'empowering' the disabled rather than 'providing for' them. We have a number of suggestions as far as improving the quality and content of education for the visually impaired is concerned. Once this is addressed, the country won't need to rely on short term skill development programs

0 0 Respected Sir,
I travel in Delhi Metro. I saw write to biklang place dibyang. So, please change it.
Thank you
Amarjit Singh

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sri Narendra Modi Ji,
I am suffering from a fake judicial case since 11 years,a 498A case filed by my wife Smt. Sanchita Biswas at Hon'ble 2nd J.M. Court, Barrackpore. Till date the the petitioner, i.e. my wife was being absent and not attending the case and the Judicial Magistrate of the court is favoring her and passed the maintanace and also enhanced the maintenance upto Rs.11,000/-.My wife is working in a govt.school and I produced her pay-slip but no soln.Pl. help.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I have attached a PDF file for your consideration.
Thanks
Debi prosad

0 0 Respected Sir,
Regarding medical pg entrance exam.Why are the department people taking such a huge time to release the results.The same exam PGI Chandigarh conducts on paper releases results just within 48 hours. Whereas the NEET PG entrance have taken one month to release the results where the exam is computerised.After releasing the results on all India level on 13th Jan 2017 until now the respective states have not released the results.Keeping students idle is not good to all of us.

0 0 Dear Honorable prime minister(modi jee),
we are young youth from bandra east mumbai. we run small NGO(www.redboysfoundation.com)
sir we work for humanity/education/society. sir we are very much inspire with you.
sir hamare sare team ki taraf se ek request hai aap se MAN KI BAAT MAIN HAMARE BARE MAIN BAS DO SHABD BULE. HUMARE NGO OR NGO SE JUDE SARE YOUTH BAHOT KHUSH HONGE . BAS AAP SE YAHI WINANTE HAI.
we really pray for your bright future modi jee
thank you
farooque shaikh-9870942605

0 0 To The Honorable Prime Minister I am working as a Para Teacher in a Govt. Sponsored School (Sapuipara Janata Adarsh Vidyalaya, Sapuipara , Bally, Howrah - 711227) since 1st December 2006 under Central Govt. Project SARVA SIKSHA ABHIYAN. Though our contract job has become a permanent job in 2010 but Para Teachers of West Bengal are getting a very low remuneration. I am the Para Teacher in Upper Primary School is getting Rs. 7305 per month. I have three dependents in my family. It is very difficul

0 0 ગુજરાત ની રાષ્ટ્રીયકૃત બેંકો માં થયેલ ભરતીઓમાં બિન ગુજરાતીઓની મોટા
પાયે ઘુષણખોરી રોકવા બાબતે રજૂઆત..

0 0 ગુજરાત ની રાષ્ટ્રીયકૃત બેંકો માં થયેલ ભરતીઓમાં બિન ગુજરાતીઓની મોટા
પાયે ઘુષણખોરી રોકવા બાબતે રજૂઆત..

0 0 Respected Sir
Please consider the corruption in the present education system,seats are reserved based on money,not on merit.its high time to change the present system and nurture our young talents and let them study and develop within our country and work for India.

0 0 Regarding Indian Currency;
sir,
To stop black money in the country, my suggestion is that the new currency should have expiry date of two years from the date of printing.
Thanks
Regards
Yash Pal Gupta
Mob. 8800292020
Faridabad Old.

0 0 FDDI is running wid 10 campuses under d Ministry of Commerce & Industry.But it is not a university.neither hrd minister nor ministry of Commerce& industry are active to announce university.

0 0 Dear Sir, I am a student @ Gujarat University. We face the problem of curriculum itself.The Course of B.Com is very old not changed from many years. We have to learn abolish provisions not matching with current scenario. For batter Improvement of Students the Curriculum should be the best which is not there @ Gujarat University level since many years.I request to change the Existing system.

0 0 I am from maharashtra, many student facing problem of postpond examinition of Nagar Parishad. Nagar parishad election is over but they dont give date of exam. sometime they uploads notification but 8 day before they pospond the exam. eg Amravati nagar parishad uploads notification in september 2016 but they postpond exam for 5 months until exam date not come.so exam should not be affected by any political election or issues it should be  taken independantly.

0 0 Sir,Organize education mela in Chattisgarh not for selling product & doing advertisement but a platform for showing talent.(Music band,singers,Dancing,Arts,
organise gk contest there,students innovation & Projects.

0 0 We regularly listen “MKB”and get inspired with you vision to connect maximum peoples of India.As you always discuss current topics,My sincere request is that please speak on”ROAD SAFETY”.Recently incidence of school bus accident in UP, Train accident in AP shocked me.As per one news channel survey 400 people daily die in road accident.The number of casualties can be minimis by following traffic rules,by using safety measures like Air bags, helmate,seatbelt.Please guide the people on ROAD SAFETY.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Kindly start a tv channel for General Knowledge & history remove this sections from clerk exams.It will give opportunity to poor to crack the exams

0 0 sir
kya govt. ki primary , middle , high school ki education ki system achchihai
bilkul nahi ministero ko apni sirf chinta hai
agar galat hai to kyon nahi ek bhi minister , officer apne bachche ko govt school me nhi padhate hai,
jis din se is sabhi adhikari ke bchche govt school me padhenge us din se education dept sudhar jayeg
primary school me naam ke liye CLASS 5th ki padhai hoti
lekin  jab teacher ki bat aati kahi alag alag class teaher, nahi hai to phir padhai kaise hoti ek satth khch

0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
We need some changes in our education system. Her we need to renovate the syllabus for all courses.
Make sure that in all Courses final year should be full practical session. Colleges need to collaborate with companies and train the student in their interested areas at their final year and he should come out as an employee. It will reduce unemployment. Please concentrate on agriculture, Create new courses on it. Encourage young generations for organic forming to save India health

0 0 For Exam going children:concentrate in the theme of content not the amount
For farmers use ENAM MARKETS &
For agri.research students:
Proper disposal of agri waste
Teachers:
Allow the teacher to make their pupil to think to full extent

0 0 dear sir as a student hum log bahut problem face karte h system se plz help me sir  mne mtech2013 m admission liya tha thesis work feb2016 m complete kr chuka tha sir clg wale thesis dba k rakhe submit nhi ki jn pta chla mujhe tb jake june2016 m submit ki tab se 6month ho gye h sir abi tk mera external nhi hua h sir jis wjh se mera career and degree dono khrab ho rhe plz meri help kariye sir m bahut paresan ho gya hu college and university external se kahi i cant apply job due to external

0 0 Idea सभी परीक्षार्थीयो के लिये परीक्षार्थी विश्राम भुवन (Rest House) का निर्माण national और सभी state की
     capital (राजधानी) में किया जाये

0 0 Board student may watch toppers interview of the exam for motivational use only and once they motivated they can surely found there unique way to reach there and same for the competitive exam they dont have to go for marks they have to go to crack the exam and first of all learn the syllabus so they surely get every necessary information related to there competitive exams and never involved there mind in other unproductive things its only eaten up there mind energy,they have to store for future

0 0 DEAR MODI JI MY SUGGETION ON PROMISSORY NOTES.MOST OF THE BLACK MONEY RUNNING IN PROMISSORY NOTES IN LAKHS AND CRORES IN EVERY VILEEGE TO MEGA CITIES.SO YOU PLEASE THINK ON THAT. EVERY PROMISSORY NOTE WILL HONOUR BY THE REGISTRAR AND TAKING WITH AADHAR PROOF AND ATTACH PAN CARD ALSO.THOSE  PROMISSORY NITES ARE VALID. THEN MOST OF PERSONS ARE COMES TO TAX COVERAGE SCHEEME.

0 0 Sir / Madam,
As we know India is a third world country there is need of a lot of reform after getting freedom.There is need of equality in education & all department of employee we should change english rule which we adopting now a days we should think about our country & make new rule that can reform the situation of INDIA.
1- Need to think about new recruitment finalisation.
2- Discuss about work provided by department monthaly or annuely .
Thanks & Regards

1 0 Respected Sir,
there should not be different cut-off marks for different castes. Because talent and knowledge is most important. all student have to work hard to get the admission into higher institutions. open category student having maximum marks not getting admission but at the same place reserved category student having minimum marks getting the admission. Is it fault of the student to do hard work to get good marks and still not getting admission just because of open category.

0 0 Sir, Teachers should not encourage the students for tuition. In this school they wont take special class as most of the children go for tuition after class.  Sir, poor parents who are not afford for tuition, their children get affected by this attitude of teachers.  Sir, I have lot of expectations with your government.  Acche din kab aanevale he ?

0 0 Pre board exam dates are not finalised.  They have to give enough time for revision after pre board know.  This school has always fund problem. Always teacher  and fund problem. First term Hindi teacher came late.  II term science teacher took leave for many days as her father expired. No student willing to continue for 11th standard.  Maximum teachers are Malayalis and do partiality for other students. Teachers/librarian are not providing last 10 years question papers except Maths.

0 0 Dear Sir, I want to say that the number of people unemployed in the state has become more like a job is not the same

0 0 Sir,  i am parent.  I always listen to MKB. Last year exam time MKB also I watched in DD.  I have already written complaint to you last year about school KV2, Mangalore. 10th exam date declared.  Till today they have not completed portions.  Tomorrow annual day. Preboard exam date is not finalised yet.  Except Maths teacher no body is bothered.  English teacher, also class teacher always frightens students about the board exam. She is not bothered to prepare the children to face the board exams.

0 0 Respected PM, SSC is not conducting examination fairly and playing with the future of the thousands of the students.My suggestion is that all exams conducted by ssc would be taken as UPSC exams.

1 0 Good after noon sir,
please find the attachment of motivational poem for Indian students...
if, any mistake please forgive me
thank you so much

0 0 Dear PM,
Reserve funds to encourage innovative ideas and Projects. Start separate portal for youngsters. Here they can share their innovative ideas & projects. The team can select useful projects for government and encourage the person/project team by rewarding. Am watched many programs in TV's but our government not utilising it. The People also with out fund they going other job. Here we loosing ideologist. So, Start "Innovate young India" and make youngster to join it and share their ideas.

0 0 Sir ,For NEET 2017 - CBSE official website not updated properly - still displaying 2016 details. Terms & conditions , when is the exam ? , how to upload  all details should be available clearly in CBSE website. Request Pls.
Also , for NRI students from Gulf countries , there's no NRI quota in Govt. Medical colleges . Can Government Pls. consider a small % for Gulf students , as majority of Gulf students have to return to India for higher studies specially on Medicine
Sethuraman

0 0 inflation kam ho gaya par school walo ne dhanda chalu kiya huva he har school 20,000/- lekar 1 lakh tak fees leta he garibo ke bacche kaise padh sakte he aap hi batawo aap garibo ke PM he aap to sab jante h iske upar bhi kuch hona chahiye aur dusara aaj log gharo ko rent par dete h aur 5000/- rs. 2 room ko rent lagate h modi ji jiye to kaise jiye aise sabpar kuch karwayi ho yahi aasha he aapse dhanyawad

0 0 Respected Sir,We the candidates who want to appear for SSC CGL 2017 are facing a tough time. SSC has revised the date for reckoning of age from 1st Jan,2017 to 1st Aug,2017. Lakhs of aspirants now ineligible for SSC CGL2017 have spent lots on money on expensive coaching institutes and also left their jobs to prepare for the same. However due the new rule of SSC we are all in a state on shock. SSC has always kept 1st Jan as the date for age reckoning in CGL exams. Request you to do the needful.

0 0 jai shree ram modi ji me aapse prath1na karna chahta hu ki aapne jaise pakistan par surgical strike kiya usi prakar note bandi ka bohat acha step liya aur me aapse aur ek kaadam aap uthaye wo kadam benami sampatti ke upar hona chahiye kyu ki sabse jada black money usi me laga huva hai uspar karwayi honi chahiye modi ji mera full name kailash shriram ambhore he shekhar is my nick name aur me aurangabad maharashtra se hu modi ji me 12 saal se aurangabad me hu par mera khud ka makan nahi h abhi tak

0 0 I met a PDF scholars from IIG, they are also worrying for their job.What they will do after PhD in india from IIG,Mum. One lady from IIG is asking me for the job and want to leave PhD. Even I am also doing PhD in collaboration with NASA for Saturn Planet residing in india because of fund problem and also worked as Fellow in IPR, Gandhinagar with 3000 sample characterization and development of SOLAR CELL but now I am also in worry because of age. Please tell us what we have to do.I am not alone.

0 0 Sir,
I think general knowledge is ever changing not a good section in the competitive exams. It reduce the confidence of student it is hard to cover this section & difficult for poor facilities student & selection hone k baad employees ko dunia se koi metlab nhi rhta.

1 0 Sir....all SC/STs are not poor... Also all generals are not rich..so stop reservation based on caste.its my humble request sir...jai hind

0 0 It feels very sad to say you that in India getting higher degree means go to hell. so many scholars are working for PhD and also working as Post doctoral fellow (PDF) but because of age limit restrictions specially to general categories,they can't get a job. Its strange to say you that one PDF is working in IPR, Gandhinagar. He is on contract and getting 45,000INR. He got his PhD degree from Bhabha Atomic Research Center but now he is worried about the job.And interesting thing he is from SC.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Greetings from an Indian,
We are happy to get such dedicated Pm for our nation. during your time you are the one who is ready for change & practically doing it.
One suggestion to save water: - Kindly check this link 
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/621008351/altered-nozzle-same-tap-9...
We can use this step at metro cities to save water. also, this is not a make in India
product  but I am confident about our ability. this solution saves a lot of tap water.

1 0 Mananiya Pradhan Mantri JI
i am a student of class 12 and am currently preparing for class 12 board exams and enterance exam and would like to express a very important problem. last year due to many suicides of students in kota the decision was taken to scrap the board marks in iit entrance examination.but sir this is not only promoting dummy school system but it is also hard for students who are living in the country and appearing for board exams to prepare for two things simultaneously.

0 0 respected pm sir,
 here are some long term issues.
 1. for any exam proper guidance on the pattern and approach is important.  therefore, CAREER GUIDANCE in the early stages in 9th, 10th classes itself, is highly useful.
2. the delivery of curriculum in academic institutions is really important.  but trend is people/govts., are neglecting studies and depending on external coaching alone.  for many, the schools and colleges became picnic spots. Final Results are... indiscipline, money loss.

0 0 sir how  to concentrate on competitive exams.You  should take some steps to promote online education for competeive examns.You should gift doudt clearance ncert videos by top teacher free of cost which could not be accessed  by most of the  students..
Thank you
Tarun kumar 11th

0 0 Confidential – No – 155211.1
H.Q. Bombay-6
1th Feb 1949
Subject:- Photo Of Netaji
It is recommended that photo’s of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose be not displayed at prominent places, in unit lines, canteens, quarter guards or recreation rooms.
Sd. Major General Staff
P.N. Khanduri
Tel- 35081- Extn 41
Major General Staff

0 0 PM Sir,Ek kahaut hai
Khud ke ghar sishe ki ho to dusare ke ghar pathar nahi marakarte. Many time you said in your speech that BANSBADD KHATAM KARNI HAI: but now you are doing same in UP election by giving ticket to your minister’s relative?
There is still time for you to set example by not giving ticket to relatives; give to new comers (Wining or not but stick to your principle) this might help wining UP election. Giving ticket to relative is not disappointing me only but full nation.

0 0 Dear Modiji,
I am very happy to post my suggestion regarding my view for exams and education system in India.
First and foremost the way of teaching should be changed. Like teachers should give preference to practical approach rather than theoretical approach.Now a days it has become a habit that scoring good marks is only is a goal of the Student. Hence students who even score good marks will ot be able to make their career which is mainly due to lack of practical knowledge..

0 0 DEAR SIR ,IT IS VERY GOOD THAT YOU HAVE FINISHED INTERVIEW FOR CLERK GRADE BUT WHAT ABOUT THEM WHO COULD NOT  BE SELECTED IN INTERVIEW BEFORE UR GOVERNMENT, SIR SO I WANT THERE SHOULD BE 35 YEARS MAXIMUM IN ALL GOVERNMENT JOB BY THAT THEY CAN GET GOVERNMENT JOB WHO COULD NOT GET DUE TO INTERVIEW

0 0 Sir,
  The only thing a student wants is a fair chance. Giving reservation to the people who don't deserve it has made youth walk away from the government and the country. It's not the reservation a general category student doesn't like but the exploitation by the candidates for getting into the college, job and everywhere and their full family exploits it, due to which we suffer.U must be having better stats than me.
Please give this matter the attention it deserves.

0 0 Please improve the infrastructure, teachers teaching methodology in Govt School. Today most most of the parent are preferring private schoolFOR THIER KID EDUCATION. why not Govt School. Most of the parent, know Why they does not preferring Govt school. Those parent who have enough money, they are giving best education to their kids through private school. But What about poor, Farmer and village kids education. Can you do something so these kids also get good education.

0 0 To Honorable Prime Minister of India, Sir, thank you for coming forward to convey your best wishes to students for their exams. I would like to take this as an opportunity to highlight few suggestions on education system. Iam attaching a PDF file for your reference.

0 0 तुम पड़ो पास हो ,कम  नंबर लायो या ज्यादा पर नंबर १ इन्सान बन जायो ,
गुरु की जिम्मेदारी और बढ़ जाती है गुरु ब्रह्मा ,गुरु विष्णु ,चलो भगवान हो जायो
और माँ -बाप से निवेदन है ना अपनी महत्वकांशा से इनका बोझ बढ़ायो
उच्च जाती के जो बच्चे मानसिक मंद है , उन्हें भी रिजर्वेशन के कोटे में लायो

0 0 Namskar
dear Modiji
I am Bipin Lakhani From surat (Gujarat)I am also one coman man like you so I want to launch my New approach in Agriculture Sector so i want to meet you kindly please give me your valuable time for a coman man.

0 0 Dear PM,
This is to request you to please comment on reservation issue in our education system. I can see, for higher studies specially for overseas studies available scholarships by Central and state Govt. for open students are very less. At-least for overseas education reservation category should not be their. I am belongs to open category and middle class family and can not afford overseas education though I am willing to.
I hope very soon this scenario will change in our nation.

0 0 Honorable PM,
WITH DUE RESPECT I WISH TO INFORM YOU THAT INDIA , OUR COUNTRY IS FLOODED WITH TALENTS AND INTELLECTS FROM KASHMIR TO KANYAKUMARI. IT IS OUR DUTY TO COUNSEL AND  DIRECT OUR TALENTS TO A EFFECTIVE WAY WITH IN RIGHT AND APPROPRIATE TIME.I THINK TEACHERS  IN ALL STREAMS MAY PERFORM THIS TASK EASILY .  THEY DID IT TILL TODAY . THANKS TO ALL. THEY CREATE MAN POWER  ONLY.
BUT MY CONCERN IS ABOUT THE TALENTS AND INTELLECT THAT INHERITED/POSSESSED IN THE MIND OF EACH AND EVERY TEACHER.

0 0 Respected Modi Sir,
Can't we make a rule For drivers who are breaking the traffic rules more strict ?
I am in canada for now, here people has to get a ticket as well as they will be deducted with demerit points from their license if they break any traffic rule. After one limit government will cancel driving license for that person. If we apply same rule in India, i believe people will be more aware in driving.
Thanks for proving such a nice platform to share ideas !

1 0 India is highly youth populated and still facing unemployment problem of talented youth due to reservation and political recommendation. Like there is way for STARTUP INDIA, it is requested to provide youth service to attached with every government department and manufacturing unit staff crossing the age of 50 years and above staff because due to their health, family responsibly they may not concentrate much.

1 0 R/Sir, points mentioned in attached doc may be useful.

0 0 I am Prabhakaran from Thrissur, Kerala
I am mainly making water treatment plants , and I have some solutions to improve the water problems at Guruvayur Temple . There are some good water storage areas near to Temple around 10 kms. we have to arrange a continuous water pumping system to maintain the water level in Temple pond .we can solve the water problems in our temple city permanently . At present there is permanent facilities for water treatment in the Temple pond

1 0 The education leading to employment seekers not employment giver. My son is an engineer working for MNC despite persuasions motivation inspiration I fail to turn up him to entrepreneurship. The scheme like Startup, PMEGP  needs to be given more importance for encouraging employment oriented small ventures.

0 0 Honorable PM,
I am requesting you to please bring some program by which a large number of un-employed youngsters get the job instantly according to their qualification, marks obtained or area of interest. In this concern for private sector companies also their must be a common and strict rules and guidelines to hire and terminate an employee. These companies terminates any employee without any strong reason, without thinking employees career, their family survival and dependencies.
Thanks.

0 0 I'm 16years responsible citizen.And i want to request you for making a law for educating parents i mean indian parents don't know how to deal with teenagers and child's psychology. So i wanted you to start a campaign for teaching them how deal with their children. And before having a child every newly couple should know how to deal with their children. And i hope you will take my suggestion seriously ,well i know i'm sounding little silly then to please think twice .

1 0 Sir,
My humble request is to keep the RRB exams all India wide rather zone wise as service is all India liability,  Bcz with that higher grade pay jobs are limiting to a particular zone where merit are loosing their dreams... 
Arrange the results as soon as possible & take the limited number of students for 2nd stage exam unlike SSC which take lot of pupil to 2nd stage exam, if we know that we are not qualified for SSC then we'll go for another exam so don't take much people for 2nd stage

0 0 Dear Sir,
Humbly requesting you to give clear instructions to the Universities in Kerala especially to MG University Kottayam for prompt conduct of university examinations and timely publishing of result.
As the universities take the grand from the UGC. they are very much bond to obey the rules too.
thanking you
Regards

0 0 5 percent of cess collected to be provided for developments of disable people either adults or children without any discrimination of castes in entire India  and it should be both in through in their respective bank account as well as through their educational institutes.State Govts are doing in discriminating the system in castes way and gen castes are discriminated  in the name of social justice

0 0 सर पेपर में पास होकर भी, क्या कर लेंगे ये।
ना तो आप इन्हें रोजगार दे सकते है,और न ही ये लोग कभी इस शिक्षा से देश का कुछ भला कर सकते।
कोई ISI ,कोई ISIS ,कोई डाकू,कोई नेता ही बन जायेगा।
सर अब इस देश से कोई उम्मीद नहीं है।
ना आप कुछ कर सकते है,न कोई और।।

0 0 हर घर की सेवा,जन जन की सेवा।

0 0 जन जन की सेवा ,हर घर की सेवा।

0 0 Sir,
Something need to be done for poor soldiers of Defence forces and Security Forces. They are the asset of the society. They are living in harsh conditions and remaining away from their beloved one for years together. Best of food, fascilities and payment should be provided to them. Even if require we can cut the salary of those who are getting fat salary. Jai Hind Sir.

1 0 सर बड़े दुःख से कहना पड़ रहा है, की भारत में अब भी जंगल राज है।कोई किसी से नहीं डरता।
आप अगर कुछ करना ही चाहते है तो मिलिट्री रूल आज से लागू कर दीजिए।और सारे देश विरोधी पोलिटीशन्स,जजो,नोकरशाहों को जान से मार दो।किसी को देश में कानून या आपका भय नहीं है।
धिक्कार है भारतीयों पर
धिक्कार है भारतीयों पर।

1 0 मै अवनीश यादव चिल्ड्रेन सीनियर सेकेंडरी स्कूल बेलईसा आजमगढ़ -276001 में कक्षा 10 का विद्यार्थी हूँ | मेरे पिता श्री सीताराम यादव जी के द्वारा कक्षा 9 की मार्कशीट की फोटोकॉपी तथा फीस स्टेटमेंट मांगने पर स्कूल प्रबंधन के द्वारा देने से मना कर दिया गया तथा दुबारा मांगने पर स्कूल के प्रिन्सिपल द्वारा मुझे 9 अगस्त 2016 को दुसरे पीरियड से कक्षा में प्रवेश नही करने दिया गया | बाद में मुझे जबरदस्ती डराकर हस्ताक्षर कराके ट्रान्सफर सर्टिफिकेट दे दिया गया एवं स्कूल से निष्काषित कर दिया गया है |

0 0 Respected Sir,
we can invite corporates for sponsoring  Govt Schools and re-brand them for 2 years or so. And then post the performance of the schools publicly to encourage healthy competition between them. 
Let these corporates decide how can they make facilities better for our children to going to particular school instead of handing money to the contractors or any other staff.
There personal involvement should be encouraged and published also to make there efforts visible.
Harpreet

0 0 Hon'ble Shri Modiji,
I believe every vote counts.
So,Please guide us the step that how we can mark our vote in upcoming elections for betterment of this country if we are away from our Hometown due to studying, Jobs or some other commitments.
A solution where voter can mark his/her presence from their present state because no corporate sector or any educational institution will give leave or allow candidate to go their state/city for 2-3 days to go and come back.
Best Regards,
Gaurav

0 0 Sir, Pehle  simple driving licence tha ab chip wala benwane k lie bol rhe sir ye faltu kaam band kijie logo k paise nikalne k  Bilaspur bahut garib hai bus business class k pass paise hai yeha & RTO bhut dur hai jeha ladkia jane se pehle 10 bar sochti hai & also ek  building city ke center me install kia jaye jeha all kind of id ben jaye.

1 0 Resp sir,
I have completed my mbbs and had given post graduation NEET BOARD exams but not secured a rank enough to get government seat and private colleges are not affordable being from drought affected area vidarbha (maharshtra)
I have already taken an 1 year drop to prepare and now i am not financially capable to study further so that i can serve my country
I request you kindly to have a look on education loan system for post graduation and on hike in fees by private colleges.
Thank you...

1 0 Pujya Narendra Bhai,
Kindly read the entire pdf file (1 page) which suggests some important changes to the education system. These are based on my experiences with education in India and in US.
Thanks & Regards
Vishal Shah

0 0 Respected Pradhan Sevaks,The postman/Gramin dak sevaks are struggling for there rights post independence and no government has yet taken care of them, they are in lacs and poor even they are in central government job, they are victims of post office inspectors who are looting them in name of insecurity they have in central government job, this is only exceptional category in government job I have ever seen, you are the last hope of the poor postman , may you announce some concrete now for them.

0 0 Dear. Prime Minister, since this is for students I wish to share with you my thoughts that our Govt Schools should specially help prepare our children for life by giving them basic teaching.
Maybe best to start in the primary school stage and have regular interactions with traffic police ....teaching them how to cross roads antraffic lights.
Further Swacch Bharat ....extending to everyday life...walking on the road, at home, in parks,not to litter and use rubbish bins for toffee

0 0 I hope sir India is the best no1 country in the world next 2020.

1 0 PM sir mere paas experience and but graduated ni hu to kya ka mujhe job ni milni chahiye kitna bhi jyada experience ho but job par isliye ni rakhte kyoki graduated ni hai agar ESA h to frasher ko esa kyu bolte h ki aapke paas experience ni hai mujhe to aaj tak ye pata ni chal paya ki jyada jaruri kya h plz help sir

0 0 sir I just want to inform that in my colony (raiganjati  south gorakhpurup)there is no dustbin n even residents of my colony have no habit to use it they like to put their waste on road I requested to them but they didn't take me serious but if u say they may change their attitude n participate in swachhta  abhinayan

0 0 Dear Gov,
Mama bhanja talab city k center me hai bhut kharab position me hai & bar bar road drill kr dete jisse bhut pollution hota hai iske lie kaun jimmedar hai?

1 0 Namaste sir, kya sir hamari "SHALAKA PADDHATI"wali exam la sakte hai??? Hamari Sanskriti ne Jo examination method diye vo to duniya ki koi bhi university nahi de Sakti .Aj log sirf padhte hai par Sanskar me hamari pedhi lower Hoti ja Rahi hai. Education vo hai ki apko Kahi bhi,kabhi bhi padene na de.khuddari se jina shikhaye.

0 0 pm sir me btech student hu me ek masus krta hu ki hamara education system job creative nhi h . yh education system change krne ki bhut aavskta h. kafi gldi because jb youth ko job nhi milega  to fir youth kuch bhi kr skta h  i think government se naraj etc. goverment school and collage ka bhura hal h . teacher pdate nhi h or collage job nhi de pata or education pattern strong nhi ki student khud kuch research kr ske and renovation kr ske etc. sorry request please change the education system .

0 0 Respected Sir,
            kindly increase the age criteria of competitive exam upto 30 years or more.As there are several competitive exams such as STAFF SELECTION COMMISSION (CGL, CHSL,MTS) BANK(CLERK) allows only 25-28 years.this time is not sufficient for those who want to take higher education.so kindly consider this AGE CRITERIA.

0 0 M regular in touch of mygov recently and I also give my suggestion for union budget and working lane republic day.I hope my suggestions will be considered and I will be grateful if my first book will be published with your help.M waiting for reply sir.Thank you

0 0 Pl emphasise students to take proper sleep and food during exams.

0 0 My request is to provide financial support for the study and sports training to the sport loving students so that they can represent India in national and international platforms.
Pl provide all type of facilities to the differently abled students.

0 0 And share their experiences and motivate candidates as a faculty member.There are many gov.school n colleges but no initiative like this and everyone knows the increasing no of candidates for gov.job.M sure if u start a initiative then it work definitely and H.Q for these classes should be in delhi.

0 0 It will be so helpful especially female and poor candidates.One side it will be helpful for gov.job seeker on other side when u recruit faculty for these gov.coaching class it will also helpful for jobless person.for awareness of these classes there should be some adds TV,FM,newspaper,social sites.A person who get a job with the help of these classes can give some fund for better improvement of classes with own desire.

0 0 First of all heartiest blessings and best of luck to the students appearing for boards.
But at the same time i would say that the govt. Has failed in education system. In our country cramming of things is given more importance than a skillful mind.
Our govt. By cramming one can top all the results but in life he would be nothing if he did not understand the meaning of life. So i request the govt. To give rise to skillful rather crammer and the reservations are leaving the deserved candidates.

0 0 I am a PhD student. I feel very proud but in our society. You will go for further studies mean, you don not get the placements. In our campus only, Company prefers graduates students, not PhD. Because they are over qualify for job. During the higher studies, our age is increased upto 30-32 we get more responsibility from families. But We get less money. Please creates the job for Higher studies students.So people will be encourage for higher studies.

0 0 I am the father of 2 children studying Class 10. Kindly consider my suggestion given in the attached file.

0 0 CAT is held only for 1 day out of 365 days in a year the probability that things go wrong for an individual are fairly high.What I mean is that many potential candidates are unable to perform well because of inevitable emergencies that ultimately wastes their entire one year in a blow.For instance a girl on menstruation travelling miles to write the exam in which she cannot even have physical and emotional balance.Thus conduct is monthly,weekly and announce the results annually to avoid tension.

0 0 Why too many ID card in our country. But no one is complete ID card. Please remove all and generate one ID card for Multiple Purpose. In present situation, Aadhar Card, Ration Card, PAN card, Student ID card, Passport. Please government should think reduce too much ID Card.

0 0 honourable PM sir...my self Ritu Tomar and m 26 yr old and m a gov.job seeker.I m very lucky bec I have my supportive parents who encourage me and help me.Mostly female candidates can't get their dream job due to lack of parents support n financial.Coaching classes,books,gov.job exam fee etc.is costly and mostly candidates can't afford this.So its a humble request plz open gov.coaching classes all over the India and provide study material,experiences who already get job in gov.sector.

1 0 Respcted sir,I am former lecturer from Maharashtra.I am sharing reality of education system here rather than teaching most person thinking about salaries and because most of the management treated teacher as they source of income for school or college by giving less money to them.By documet everything is well good but that Graduate teacher knows his situations.How can you expect he gives his 100%for developement of student.Most of lecturers are adhoc  tenure.we have change attitude of clg owner.

0 0 Dear Sir,
education aisa ho ki wo zindgi bhar kaam aye ager engineer ghar me bhi baitha ho to kuch discovery kr de.

0 0 IN THIS SEASON OF EXAM, PARENTS ARE VERY BUSY GUIDING THEIR CHILDREN TOWARDS SUCCESS. BUT ONE THING THAT NEEDS CONCERN IS THAT SOME PARENTS GIVE EXCESSIVE PRESSURE ON THEIR BRILLIANT CHILD TO GET 99% OR EVEN MORE.DOING SO, UNKNOWINGLY THEY INSERT A VERY DEEP FEAR OF FAILURE IN THE MINDS OF THEIR CHILDREN WHICH MAY CAUSE IMMENSE HARM. FEAR OF FAILED EXPECTATIONS AND BEING GOOD EVEN THEY COMMIT BAD ACTIVITIES AND EVEN SUICIDE. PLEASE GUIDE YOUR CHILD AND DON'T FORCE THEM TO BECOME FEARSOME.#MyGov

0 0 As a student, I would like that Hon'ble PM Sir should share some inspiring and motivational story regarding success and failures being part of life. The reason that we fail is not that we are not capable of achieving our goal, but rather we fail because we lack on some part. One should not take failure as his/her defeat but rather another chance to work upon himself/herself and show the world who he/she is.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I as a student want you to share an inspiring and motivational story with everyone through this #MannKiBaat edition,so that the students get encouraged and inspired which would increase their confidence.
Hope you will like the suggestion and tell us that story.

0 0 Respected Sir, There is vital role of teachers and parents for making a future hero.They provide the base to the student to learn and grow. Both can see the potential in student to do any work. Both are like gardener they care, find the deficiency in the student and try to make them best. Student are doing suicide due to exam/competitive pressure.Quality is missing somewhere it should be fixed. Art of parenting should be promoted and meditation in schools and college should be compulsory.

0 0 Dear Sir, Students and parents trying to get admission to CbSe school in India having problems aa schools refusing admission even though students are from Cbse schools from abroad. They say it's due to no vacancies but the whole point of cbse is to ensure that students education should not suffer if parents get transferred or relocated . Need some urgent intervention as lot of students are affected

1 0 One rank one salary why not to professors? If it allowed to soldiers then why not to professors. Why there is a discrimination in salary of granted professors and Non Granted Professors. Why non granted professors get a salary which is not enough to them for satisfying their livelihoods. Please MODIJI DO SOMETHING WE EXPECT ONLY FROM YOU.

1 0 Respected sir, I want to request you to ensure at least minimum wages to Non Granted Professors. Presently non granted professors getting only 6000 to 8000 RS. pm. Which is very less than minimum wages where is the implementation of Minimum wages. And how these non granted professors can deliver quality education to the students  in starvation situation.
Sir please at least ensure minimum wages to highly qualified, skilled professors .
We are expecting only from you sir.

0 0 there should b equality among all without any discrimination .respect the talent instead of just ......... all deserve equality nd respect for their hardwork

0 0 कुछ ही दिनों बाद दसवी और बारहवीं की बोर्ड परीक्षा प्रारम्भ होने जा रही हैं, छात्र तनाव में रहते हैं. इस तनाव को दूर करने के लिए हमे सबसे पहले उन्हें विश्वास दिलाना होगा की आप पढ़ेंगे तो देश कितना आगे बढेगा एवं हम बोर्ड की परीक्षा के समय अकसर देखते हैं कुछ तत्वों द्वारा पेपर लीक कर दिया जाता हैं और जो विद्यार्थी परिश्रम करता उसका मनोबल उस कारण उस कारण बिगड़ता हैं. हमे सबसे पहले इन सभी तत्वों पर रोक लगनी चाहिए.

0 0 I gave board exams last year and I will like to share my experience. I have realized that one must make small sacrifices if he/she wants to excel academically, but the satisfaction one gets after succeeding are worth all those sacrifices. If one works hard and tries to give his best then luck will surely be on his side.

0 0 A very good evening to all!
I feel from the bottom of my heart that a platform should be created that would inculcate a sense of Character Building and moral values  in children of all age groups. I am interested to work and associate myself with such platform, I would like youth to come up in this initiative and contribute your valuable ideas to promote the teachings of Swami Vivekananda in today's youth which is a need of an hour.

0 0 I AM inviting your kind attention on matter of the Results (provisional) published for the exam of JUNIOR ACCOUNTANT AND TEHSIL REVENUE ACCOUNTANT 2013, by Rajasthan public selection commission,I Abhay Kr Sethia with roll no. 482508, with the category of General, NCC cand., is declared as not selected with the fact that I have qualified in both the papers separately as well as in aggregate also. THE MATTER IS THAT THE RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY.

0 0 बच्चों को ये सोचना चाहिए की मेरे साथ ये मेरे शिक्षक, स्कूल, परीक्षक की भी परीक्षा है

0 0 Respected Sir,
Now a days boards exam in India important landmark role in the life of youngsters.They should be stay motivated for this period for better and better outcome. On 20 Jan first lady of America quoted on his farewell "With Education of my husband and his hardwork bring us upto most powerful person of America" So Good Education is most important ingradient in successful life or life of the Legend. All young guns utilizes all resources without deviating from their target. Regards

0 0 I am inviting your kind attention on Complains on THE MATTER OF RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY. MY COMPLAIN CAN BE VIEWED AS on the Rajasthan Sampark portal with ID 11160722035360. Complain on the PMO-PG portal is as under 1.PMOPG/E/2016/0479910. 2. PMOPG/E/2016/0516960. 3. PMOPG/E/2016/0503463. 4.	PMOPG/E/2016/0541826. And​ 5.PMOPG/E/2017/0009163​.
PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHMENT AS IT IS VEER IMPORTANT. ALL THESE COMPLAIN ARE PENDING MORE THEN 60 DAYS.

0 0 I AM REQUESTING TO YOU TO PLEASE TAKE MOST URGENT ACTION ON PMOPG/E/2017/0009163.

0 0 I AM REQUESTING TO YOU TO PLEASE TAKE MOST URGENT ACTION ON PMOPG/E/2017/0009163.

0 0 Dear Students,
Education is very much important thing for a civilize society.
And for the development of the country its very much important to have a high literacy rate in our country.
For your Exams,
1)Its better to have written practice from now so that it can be remembered easily in exams.
2)Don't take it too serious its just a normal thing and every one has to face it, so just do your best & forget about the result.
3)Our PM & the people wants India to be developed so do your best.

0 0 Hello,
Sir according to me its better idea to have a compulsory kyc for every business transaction, so that to keep record over all the business transaction & the dealer party to the transaction.
And even many banks still don't have compulsory PAN requirement for openning the bank account. I think making PAN card compulsory for opening the bank account is very much required thing to keep record of the party concern.
Thank you. #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

1 0 Sir
Why is it not possible that the entire education system (from 1st standard to Graduation) comes under a single and unified education board with same syllabus throughout India?
I want to know your opinion about ONE INDIA ONE EDUCATION BOARD.
Thanking you
JYOTI PROKASH GHOSH

0 0 Respected Sir,
Now a days exam plays crucial role in the life of youngsters.For exam time youngster should be spend their time like money. In a day 1440 mins means Rs 1440 and this money can be spend wisely for maximum result.A) Start day with Yoga (Maximum Throughput)B) Maintain Integrity (stay focus)-Now a days alot of resouraces (Notes,books and extra guidance) are available for student but more diversions (social media,T.V.,internet) so check Every hour or its minutes must be utilized.

0 0 adarniya modi ji paye lagu
aap se hath jod kar prathana hai ki hamare ko bhi apne charno ki dhool de do
modi ji maine 12th pass karli hai commerce site se par job nahi hai
hmare liye bhi kuch jobs nikal do.

0 0 Namaskar Sir
1.Clean (kind of swatch bharath) of search engines web sites from sex related information which can pollute the minds of youngsters.
2.clean of air pollution from vehicle horns (equipping sound friendly to and as per requirement of particular vehicle.
3. removing outdated vehicles off the roads which are polluting.
4. strengthening education, as is done in some countries for quality education earmarking major share of budget.

2 0 Sir making the student specialised in a certain field from the beginning from their learning period will be more fruitful instead of making them generalised in all the fields. American education system an its economy can be looked upto as an example. Expecting a reply from a responsible citizen of India.

0 0 पूजनीय मोदी जी सादर प्रणाम
सर हम मजदूर चाहते है अाप एक बार मन की बात मे गरीब मजदुरों के हितों के बारे मे कूछ कहें हमे अासवासन दें की हमारें हितों को लेकर सरकार गभींर है सर बिजली कपंनी की कमाइ सेकेडं के हिसाब से होती हेे लकीन बिजली कपंनी मे ठेकेदारी पे काम करने वालो को अोवर टाईम तक नही मिलता
मोदी जी अापने दुनियाभर मे अपने देश का परचम लहराया मगर हम मजदुरो की कोइ भी पा्र्टी सुद नही लेती
जो लोग AC रुम मे रहकर काम करते है उनकी सैलरी 3 लाख अोर हम धूंप मे काम करने वालो की सि्र्फ 9000 सरम की बात है

0 0 Dear sir ,
Since my suggestion was a bit longer therefore I am continuing it in this part . sir unemployment has to be dealt with and this is possible only by the way I suggested in the previous post. also sir basic understanding of the concepts through practically making something and experiencing it is important. Students have to be drawn away from the concepts of mugging the facts up.and a big step towards this will be changing the examination basis to practical knowledge .

0 0 Dear Sir,
It is now imperative that serious transformations in the education system is necessary.what I basically want to convey is that we need to change the way in which the students are taught and tested through a regular examination process. Our system of education does not aim at distributing the jobs among the population on the basis of their talent . what happens is that each child either having potential or not aims to become an engineer/ doctor .so it is clear we sincerely work for it.

0 0 Dear Gov,
Chattisgarh State board don't have any standard,Quality & infrastructure no meaning of literacy if it will not enrich students life.

0 0 Adarniya pradhan mantri ji,mera anurodh hai aap se kirpiya anne wale parikcha ki liya aap sabhi pvt. school se kahe ki fee ke liye bachoo par dabaw na banaye school unke parents ki meeting bula kar fee ke liye baat kare agar waise bachoo ke parents jo kisi karan fee jama nahi kar pa rahe hai unse bonded aggrement athwa post dated chaque le kaar exam me bathne de ,school agar asmarth hai to waise parents ko micro loan bank se mile,par bharat nirman me sabse jaida jaruri desh ki yuwa pidhi hai .

0 0 Only 2 boards one for Rural & one for Urban CBSE & CBRE & regional language is optional.All the colleges must registered in gov portal & then gov will pic the best students for best college not money & then 100% job will be given to the students.Gov must focus on "Class 9th to 1st year "

0 0 GOI in coordination with state should take stock of available schools and set up more Primary & ME Schools at least for every 3000 population & High Schools for every 5000 population.Govt should induct more quality permanent teachers and train & examine the existing teachers deployed through "Siksha Mitra" scheme,by this quality of education can be enhanced.Black money being recovered may be used in this purpose,companies/industries may be instructed to set up school under CSR initiative.

0 0 Dear respected PM,
Interstate boundary disputes should solve once for all, and important as interstate water dispute. We have covered more than seventy years of freedom but still some states unnecessary gearing up their interstate boundary dispute or issues. We are Indians and its territory of India should not quarrel, so Please solve his in your leadership

0 0 पुजनिय प्रधान मंत्री जी सादर प्रणाम
सर अापने कहा था श्रमेव जयते
हे महामहिम  जब तक हमारी सैलरी मे मिनिमम वैज लागू नही होगा तब तक हमारी जय कैसे हो सकती है अाप दिल्ली मे मिनिमम वैज कि फाइल पर एल जी साहब के साइन कराकर मजदुरों को बेहतर जीवन प्रदान करें अापने सबके लिए। किया है लेकिन मजदुर पिछे छूट गया है हम मजदुर अापसे विनम्र निवेदन करते है की 2017 के बजट मे अाप मिनिमम वैज का तोहफा हम मजदुरों दें   जय  हिन्द

0 0 Respected sir,I will kind attention on the upcoming board exam.The practical(science) also held but the student are not aware this.When the external came for practical and viva voice,some private school are setting with to gave high mark.If the student not knowledge of practical than they not benefited from science.So our nation are poor in research.If the practical and viva voice in front of camera and properly inspected by govt. our rich heritage in science will conserve.

0 0 Respected Sir,
The purpose of conducting EXAMS is to know what Student understood from the lectures
but when the student answered what he understood from the classes in his own words the evvaluator may not allot marks for that
This type of evaluation might be eliminated to make our country to score the best in technology
In the conclusion the mind that creates the own thoughts can create the easy access to difficult things
So the evaluation process must be changed for better future

0 0 इन दिनों स्वच्छ्ता अभियान के चलते न सड़कों और न गलियों में कोई कुछ फेंक रहा है । जिससे गाय, कुत्ते आदि मूक पशुओ को पेट भरने के लाले पद रहे है। कचरा संग्रहण में लगी कचरे ले जाने वाली गाड़ियों में कुछ भोजन इन्ही मूक पशुओं का भी होता है जो अब इन्हें मिलता नहीं है । इनका कोई मालिक नही है । स्वच्छता अभियान में  सहभागिता निभाते है। लेकिन इनके लिए हर गली में ऐसी व्यवस्था होनी चाहिए की कुछ भी खाने की चीज वह रखी जा सके जिससे इन मूक पशुओ को भोजन के लिए दर दर न भटकना पड़े। उम्मीद हे कुछ न कुछ जरूर किया जायगा।

0 0 अा्र्दनिय प्रधान मंत्री जी सादर प्रणाम
सर मै अपने इनोवेशन को लेकर अापसे मिलने का प्रसताव अनगीनत बार कर चुका हुं लेकीन पी एम अो से कोइ जवाब नही अाया क्रपया अपने किमती समय मे से मुझे मिलने का अवसर प्रदान करें अाप निराश  नही होगें    जय  हिन्द

0 0 अा्र्दनीय प्रधान मंत्री  जी सादर प्रणाम
हम मजदुर अापसे निवेदन करते है जो मिनिमम वैज एल जी साहब ने रोका हुअा है उसको जल्दी से लागू करवाऐ

0 0 विषयांतर्गत लेख है कि आज पर्यावरण संरक्षण के लिए हमारे देश के साथ-साथ समूचा विश्वक चिंतित है किंतु सरकार बेखबर है। इस बात का अंदाजा लगाया जा सकता है कि पर्यावरण, वन एवं जलवायु परिवर्तन मंत्रालय के द्वारा लगभग एक लाख पर्यावरण विज्ञान में उच्च शिक्षित बेरोजगारों के साथ कई वर्षों से अन्यानय किया जाता रहा है। हमारे देश के 100 विश्वेविद्यालयों में लगभग 35 वर्षों से पर्यावरण विज्ञान में स्नाततक, स्ना तकोत्तहर एवं पीएच.डी आदि की डिग्री हो रही है

0 0 Respected PM,
Please find my suggestion pertaining to fishing mechanism and processing / presevation / export of sea foods, "Pdf file" attached below.
Regards

1 0 I am vishnu sain from ellenabad distt sirsa Haryana.Respected sir from last years the result of board class is very bad in india from many reasons,sir one day i went in market at 10 am,in market i saw a govt school boy to purchase some tea material.when i know to find why he is in market. Then he reply to bring the material of school canteen(tea material).This is an example of poor management and if the root are weak then how are youth face the annual exam that wil predicate the result will poor

0 0 Respected PM,
Please find my suggestion pertaining to installation of Digital hoardings across the nation, "Pdf file" attached below.
Regards

0 0 Our's is a memory based system of examinations over many decades and even now in most educational institutions. We have to move to scientific based system of teaching and conducting examinations emphasizing on creativity, intellectual curiosity from childhood on wards like in USA. Everyone should be encouraged in the areas of their interests providing suitable opportunities for their bright careers. Vedic sacredness should be preserved by all means with strong patriotic, ethical values.

0 0 Dear PM.Govt deserves more than 15% seats in NEET(UG).This will solve a lot of frustrations of the examinee. Sometimes it so happens that one candidate with 450 marks may not qualify to be a in the 15% Govt.Quota but student with 350 may qualify. That means that disqualified student with 450 marks is now pursuing any other course in the country.The loss is that of the Nation who still does not have adequate qualified Doctors. Govt seats may be increased in consultation with the Pvt.Med collages

0 0 Sir namaste mera naam channabasayya Karnataka ke gadag zille ka laxmeshwar gaav se mein chatra pati shivaji maharaj ki pratima se prerit hokar ek sujhav de raha hu sir hum samunder me itna bada vyavasta bana sakte hain toh hum samunder ki vishal jage par solar panel lagakar desh ko bijli bhi pohcha sakte hai sir isko hame koi land acquire karne nahi padta

0 0 Dear PM, Every year there r many aspirants who take MBBS enterance exam NEET.These children work hard& want to serve the nation.They study all the time without indulging in any fun.Every child cannot get the top rank&15% Govt.Quota istoo less!Middle class parents cannot afford the fee of Pvt. Med. Collages running into crores.After 1 or 2 attempts these talented children loose hope and join courses likeMass Com, BSc/BA/Com etc.The country loses them. Can't CBSE increase the Govt.Quota upto 50%?

0 0 education system is getting worst day by day government is implementing different medical entrance exams like #NEETafter 12th standard but the school teachers are not able to teach about the entrance exams so we have to pay a huge amount for studying it in private institutes and specially about GUJARAT BOARD textbooks are not cable for that entrance exams so government has to think all the things and change the system before implementing this and teachers should be trained well so the canteach

0 0 As a blogger i would like to drop a suggestion ...Why .gov.in and .nic.in or, simply we can say "government website" do not use ads in their website, DD is gov channel but still their ads is used from long time. so why not in gov website. If gov site use ads network in their all website atleast one ads per page still it bost Indian economy to grow up and help to increase govt. funds.

0 0 the point is let everyone qualify on there merit basis and yes regarding the application fees, every UR category candidate isnt rich enough to pay a good full amount of money for competitive exams whereas every reserved category candidate isnt poor enough to a good amount. this parity has to be brought in.if at all there is a reservation system then everyone should enjoy the privileges and not a particular sect of caste in the society.

0 0 sir reservation system needs to be taken a look. this isnt bringing in equality rather uplifting more discrimination of castes and bringing in hatred and frustration among the youth. its high time to curb this out.let total marks be 200 and cut off for UR-137,OBC-125.50,SC-114,ST-103& among these certain candidates of reserved category are qualifying at UR cut-off(good) but explain the point that if an UR candidate scores 130 & doesnt deserve to qualify then how will one surpass 130 scoring103?

0 0 Modiji parnam main aaj sarkari school ke bare me kehna chahta hu ki sabhi teacher 1 yaa 2 baccho ki goad me aur uski siccha isstar no sudhare his tarah humare mantri log gaon ki goad le kar sudhar rahe hai usi tarah humare baccho ka bhi bhawisya ujjwal hoga aur no private school hai unki manmani kam hogi kyunki aaj kal private schooll me baccho ki parhana bahut muskil hai agar humare sarkari school ka isstar sudhar jaye to koi bhi private school me nahi Jana cahega aur unki bhi aukat jamin pe

0 0 Hon Prime minister, sir students now days are intelligent but missing in focus and are unable decide what they want to become in life. Therefore each student must be able to decide his future career as per his ability and interest.students must be taught how to respect elders and to use their energy for good cause. Thank you

0 0 Modiji parnam main sarkari schooll me bate me kehna chahta hi ki agar sabhi teacher apne schooll me 1 ya 2 baccho ka jimma let aur uski padhai me sudharne me disable me kam Kate to aaj Jo halat humari sarkari school ki hai woh bahut sudharne jayegi his tarah mantri aur m.p. gain ki goad me rage hai aur gain ki halath sudharne rahi hai using tarah humari Jo sarkari schooll hai unki bhi halat me sudharne ayega aur us bacche me performance parts teacher ki promotion aur allowance fix kiya jay jai h

0 0 for Youngsters, Know the Purpose of what impact it'll have to their community, society. Think from big picture while preparing for exam,share your best practices with weak student, have a buddies session within or outside the school to study together. For Education system:: Provide a free online / self study / animated courses for students that will interest them to study and provide free internet / concession to education institution

0 0 Respected Modi Jee, I have a suggestion for youngsters and education system in India. If the Education group has the qualified Teacher who are Technology wise upskilled, then there has to be removal of paper system getting completely removed. We need to have a computer system that can be tagged to central hub and allows the student to write their exam online access limited to Biometric entrance for student and also having a webcamera check their exams. Purpose: Save Trees. Impact: adaptive techn

0 0 NAMASTEJI I REQUEST YOU TO SUGGEST TO INTRODUCE FROM SCHOOL LELEL COLLEGE LEVEL EXAMS FOR OUR
INDIAN CULTURES HISTORY OF INDIA POLITICAL LEADERS SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY WORLD HISTORY
AWARENESS PROGRAMMES TO ALL UNEDUCATED VILEAGE AND TOWN STUDENTS AND TO CONDUCT EXAMS THROUGH
OBJECTIVE TYPE OR EMAIL SYSTEMS OR INTERNET OR WHATSAPP SYSTEM FOR GOOD THINKING AND TO MONITOR ALL BY SCHOOL AND COLLEGE BOARDS AND UNIVERSITIES IN INDIA AND GIVE AWARDS REWARDS WITH CERTIFICATES TO ALL

0 0 Modi ji pranam hamare desh Mai Sava so karod ki abadi Mai Jane kitne mahan Vivekananda or chanakya chupe huye hain Jo desh ko manavta or netikta poorn rajneeti se vishv star par guru jaisa smman dila sakte hain. Krapaya ese utsahi yuvaon ko Kendra star par manch dene ka kasht Karen.dhanyavad

0 0 Sir exserviceman in gujarat is being denied to get appointment on the basis of language by State Bank of india. We a retired defence personal usually setteled in last working place in all over India. Rural banks are giving time to learn local language after joining during probation period then why not by SBI.Due to frequent posting in all India it is not easy to learn all language.Sir for exsm category, relaxation please be given upto probation period to learn local language.

0 0 ENAMASTEJI I REQUEST AND SUGGEST TO ANNOUNCE INTER-SCHOOL COMPETITION GENERAL KNOWLEDGE EXAMS TO
ALL STUDENTS AND BETWEEN 25 YEARS TO 45 YEARS AGE STUDENTS AND YOUNGSTERS PUBLICLY AND TO INTRODUCE COLLEGELEVEL EXAMS TO BE CONDUCTED BY ALL UNVERSITIES IN INDIA AND GIVE MEDALS AND
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES WITH AWARDS AND REWARDS TO ALL STUDENTS AND YOUNGSTERS THROUGH LIKE INTERNET MEDIA AND NEWSPAPERS TO WIN THE PERSONS WITH PHOTOS AND EXPAND TO CONTINUE
ENCOURAGE TO ALL BY EXPERTS

0 0 NAMASTEJI I REQUEST AND SUGGEST YOU TO INTRODUCE FIRSTOF ALL OBJECTIVE TYPE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS FOR OUR INDIAN CULTURES RELIGIOUS ACTIVITIES SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC THINGS MATHS SCIENCE
HISTORY OF INDIA AND WORLD HISTORY GEOGRPHY COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE GENERAL KNOWLEDGE ABOUT OUR SPORTS BANKS GOVT MACHINERS AGRICULTRE INDUSTRIES IN INDIA AND GIVE MARKS AND GIVE PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES ALONG WITH CASH AWARDS THROUGH AADHAR BANK ACCOUNTS DIRECT WHO WILL WIN THE EXAMS AND ENCOURAGE ALL

1 0 One of my interesting anecdote which i want to share is of the day before my history paper. I under estimated time required to complete the syllabus and then it was a total mess!You all know the length of history syllabus and I thought I would do it in that much time but than I had to read till 3am just before paper.So it is my advice to complete syllabus before hand and not be over confident as late night reading before exam day might affect your result!Luckily though in my casethepaperwentbest

0 0 Sir,CG Gov ne middle class aur youth ko pura barbaad kr dia hai, 1 rs me chawal de kr vote pane se kuch nhi hoga Bilaspur ko city se village bena dia aur bus apna ghar aur relatives ko develope kr rhe.

0 0 I am a student studying in grade 11 ISC and I would like to share my experience and useful tips:- time management is a key factor, use time wisely and make a time table of your reading time, solve previous year papers as much as possible thought it may seem boring at times but it proves to be very useful! Do not take exam very seriously and get stressed, be merry, and work without any burden. The night before the paper one must have proper sleep and not try to finish the syllabus just hours bfor

0 0 sir aek bat kehna chahta hu ki railway station pe aek aesi matchine suvidha ki jaye ki log apne ATM, ya Credit card se ticket nikal sake aur jese ATM work karta hai vese hi vo machine kam kare sirf pese ki jagah ticket nikle

0 0 Sir, you say your govt works faster. But special need children r being told that they will get benefit in admissions for higher education only after 17 months of parliament passing RPWD act. Act signed by President on 27/12/16, but even clauses regarding reservation in Higher Education institutes will not be implemented till march or so. This will mean that actual benefit will be available in admissions of June 18 only. 17 months after passing of act by parliament! I have emailed MSJE officers

0 0 sir plz meri bat pr vichar jarur kr na...

0 0 sir,digital me extra paisa spend hota h,esme chut hota h to custmer ki bhagidari achhi hogi.shopper change lena nahi chata h,kahta h note lao to milega.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Sir students who have taken an educational loan and who are going to take please reduce the interest rates, sir.Only students who cannot afford financially look for financial aid.Help students with a scholarship.
Even if the child scores less parent should understand the child's capacity and let it go, should not blame the child.They should let the students pursue and follow their dream.
Thank you.

0 0 નમસ્કાર માનનીય સાહેબ શ્રી ...
ભારતના ગામડા નો વિકાસ થાય અને લોકો શહેર છોડી ને પોતાના વતન તરફ જાય એવું કઈક કરી આપો

0 0 Dear Sir
Diposit annually Rs.12000 to the bank account of students who will either use private tarnsport or bicycles to reach schools and colleges.
This will help for reducing consumption of fules and pollution , Road accidents.
For this the money can be make by incraesing fuel prices for the people who are using cars or the luxurious items.

0 0 Sir, meri aap we request h ki jab bhi koi job ka notification aata hai to us department ko mention karna chaihiye ki overall process i.e. from form application to joining me kitna time lagega.. ....sir upsc ka fix system h aur wo time bounded h....but kuch organisations jaise Staff selection board me aisa nhi h....2015 ki exam kaa process aaj Tak pura nhi hua hai..har saal Ssc ka process 1 saal or leta h ....sir kindly concerned dept ko guidelines De ki process ko jaldi se pura kiya naye. Thanks

0 0 1.in present system we just memorise and not learning. we must assimilate what we learn other wise education will go astray.
2.the syllabus we have not fit into our requirement. we just memorise dates and names for no use. and education sometimes becomes burden. education curricula must contain what we need. for example we memorise the capital of america but do not know where my land registration office.

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir,
Please provide online information of EPF Accumulations of contract workers working in Municipal Corporations sir, the establishments are opening multiple accounts on single employee and hiding their EPF accumulations. This is happening from the previous government to present government, Violation of EPF Act is still at large and several employees are still suffering due to lack of transparency and accountability in EPFO. Several death claims still pending

1 0 i'm a citizen of India, and as a citizen it's my right to have the right of equality among us. but the reservation system ruins everything. the caste system must be removed instead give reservation to the poor ones, people below poverty line and handicap persons.
by removing the reservation system India will get only the deserving candidates, who are full of ideas and knowledge and hard work in public sector.
if we want equality, we have to be equal. no general no obc no sc/st only Indians.

0 0 I WISH IF GOVERNMENT COULD INTERFERE IN THE REGULATIONS MADE BY ICAI AND THEIR EXAM CONDUCTING TECHNIQUES, THAT WOULD BE HELPFUL FOR THE LAKHS OF STUDENTS APPEARING FOR THE SAME.

0 0 Now a days what i see is that after school students try to get admission in government colleges.its good that we have good facility in government colleges like Delhi University, central universities, iities etc. But before coming to college most of the students want to study in private schools, which still shows that our government schools are far lacking behind then private schools.we need to change this. we need good govt school in each district other then kv which has same facility as dps.

0 0 While children of parents from low socio economic background work hard and get depressed if the results are not as per expectations, kids who have got everything without toiling take exams very lightly. A balance has to be maintained and teachers and school can play an important role in doing this.

0 0 Dear Gov,
kitna bhi idea hum de per hona selection to Reservation aur amir logo ka hi hai & post to kum hi niklega so umeed jega k met todo garib aur unreserved ko its my humble request.

0 0 Whole life is an exam. Being a citizen with integrity, honesty and humility is the most important syllabus. Board exams are just a step towards attaining intellectual goal - of higher education. Do not give too much importance to it. Real success means being a good person - at heart and in character. Focus on that. Take al exams in your stride - give your best and leave the rest to God.

0 0 There are many students who don't have proper place to study at homes. I wud suggest that all schools and colleges be kept open from 6.00 am to 11 pm everyday, so that the students who stay near those schools or college, even if they are not students of that school or college can have access to study halls for these 3 months for studies.

0 0 Display how many jobs given in last 2.5 years List be announced in rally.
also how many Laptops are remained in villages and whether working ? BJP worker will inform you.
Please put up my submissions to PM / BJP president even it beyond TOPIC Man kim baat.

0 0 #PMonRadio #AIR #MannKiBaat #MyGov
Thus it is very important for the parents to maintain things in a simple way for their children, such that stress absolutely does not over-strain their young minds. At this time youngsters appearing for these boards go through excessive stress and anxiety, whether they can complete their syllabus or not before their exam date.
#Exam Stress for Students
-Have a positive attitude
-Just be calm and believe in yourself completely

0 0 Declare Sri Rajnath ji as CM candidate to clear doubts and  win but he may withdraw his name after election results.BUT IT SHOULD BE A SECRET.
Declare a scholarship to one student in every family basis.
Declare " SHARAAB BANDI " in compaign .
Involve all workers at grassroot level and arrange compulsory meeting with Ministers etc in the same sense like rally It be better impact than rally.
For MUSLIMS.propagate even after3 years no damage to them by BJP GovtIt was FAKE propaganda opposition

1 0 PROBLEMS FACED BY CLASS 12 STUDENTS (preparing for JEE) 
-not including class 12 marks in merit list increases dependance on coaching institutions which was earlier promised would be reduced
-aptitude and thinking ability plays no role in a competition where coaching institutions encourage rote to pass methods in every subject
-preparation gap for JEE is null and JEE is between boards.

0 0 Board exam is always bring tension, as I have felt in my exam days. But I think in this time to keep calm within yourself is the mantra. And for parents, they should give mental support to their child. Each one is unique in this creature. I am quite sure, the things and qualities your child is having may not be found in the class topper. I have seen students who are class toppers, who is working for multinationals and a back benchers who are top in farming and agriculture as well.

0 0 I am a MBBS student from AIIMS.As I had prepared for PMT exams, I want to share my views on exam preparation. The most important thing according to me is regularity in studies for whole year. Most students try to cover up the whole syllabus just before the exams which leads to immense tension and pressure. If one had been regular for the whole year, it would just take a little time to revise up the full syllabus; and that too with ease. Being regular, punctual and revision before exam is the key

0 0 for state elections work should be done at grass root level which is lacking. This video be played in van with LED screens to clear Sri Modi's and BJP outlook for Reservation point better impact.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1049&v=qzAhXqTj1mA
List of districtwise failures of SP Govt.be displayed ie In Farrukhabad  a SO of police was shot when went for arrest a criminal/ Rape cases /incomplete projects even their inaugerations /List bad elements and relations with SP Govt

2 0 Dear Modi ji, One of the reasons of unemployment in our country is that inspite of having higher degrees in hand, people are not getting job.I have found that in many institutes promotion or joining is based on references.I have seen people joining in companies even if they have not completed desired education. People get the advantage of the referrals by higher authorities. I request you to look into this matter.

0 0 U.P.KE MEERUT MANDAL KR DEGREE COLLEGES MAI UNDER GRADUATE AND POST GRADUCATE COLLEGE MMAI PROFESSORS MAXIMUM SALLERY MILNE KE BAD BHI CLASS MAI KHUD NA JAKAR ADHIKTAR TUITER BHEJ RHEY HAI. CLASSES BHI BAHUT KAM CJ\HALTI HAI , COLLEGES MAI PADHAI NA HONE KE KARAN HIGH EDUCATION KE STUDENTS APNE DUM PER TYARI KARNE KO MAJBUR HAI ES OR BHI DYHAN DENE SE YUVA DESH NIRMAN MAI AACHI BHUMIKA NIBHA SAKTEY HAII....COLLEGES KA GOPNIYE TARAKE SE INSPECTIUON KARAYE JAYE ESSE CONDITION SPASH HO JAYEGI.

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
The days of drought are waiting for us.This time kerala received the lowest rain fall in the last 150 years.It is high time we thought about rain water harvesting seriously.The practice of digging bore wells is taking momentum.We are going to squeeze the last drop of groundwater.We can avoid the horrible situation if we work together.we should collect water from our terrace and store it in a tank.Avoid laying tiles in courtyard.Let water penetrate to the soil.Save water.

0 0 apart for examinations,i wish that students going to schools/colleges must use cycle as their vehicle to save on fuel which is a very big part of our import.it will be a good exercise too and will help reduction in pollution.govt. should provide incentive/subsidy and rewards for use of cycles.all celebrities must be ask to promote this vehicle.as a matter of dicipline no motorised vehicle be allowed at school/colleges only public transport be allowed and its service be improved so that any stud.

0 0 All students have some sort of tension during the examination time and the first thing the teachers and parents have to do is to induce more confidence among students.The students appearing exams must make their preparation in an orderly manner.First understand the subject,go through previous question papers and concentrate and spent more time on reading the tough subjects.Parents and teachers guidance is very important get rid of fear from mind.Bold approach to exams also important.

0 0 Hi Sri, regarding Railway safety,
1) please add 4 to 5 dummy bogies in front of engine, this will reduce casualties,
2) Add a electronic sensor to direct fault in rail track 300 meter in front  of engine
which will stop the train if there is more gap in track or track in not uniform,

2 0 Education & Exams are Internal part of Life -Formal or Informal. But when a child learn through experience he Learned for Life - Failure or Success, So our education must be based on Experience and interactive - now days we have Internet, Google, Youtube to learn most of things by accessing the Net. So Go for Hardwork and Good Discipline- Jai Hind

0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
My deepest concern is with the student who commit suicide after getting a fail result.I suggest every school must take few sessions in which they discuss or share stories of personalities who primarily failed and then done something big in life. I also want you to share one such story. It will boost there moral. Also suggest students to look beyond IIT/NIT or medical college. Suggest few foreign countries where education is affordable and good and may give fee concession.

0 0 जो प्रश्न उन्हें अच्छे से आते हैं अगर एग्जाम के समय उन्हें ही अच्छे से दोहराया जाये तो कम से कम जो 2 या 3 नम्बर से रहने का दुःख होता है उससे वो बच्चे बच सकते हैं और पास हो सकते हैं जो बच्चे मेरिट में आने वाले हैं वो बिना स्ट्रेस के पढ़े और अपने शरीर को फिट रखने के लिए निरन्तर हल्की योगा करते रहे ताकि उनके ऊपर से दवाब कम हो। #air #pmonradio

0 0 सर मैं एक अध्यापक हूँ और बच्चो की एग्जाम के समय जो मानसिक स्थिति होती है उससे भलि भांति समझता हूँ मैंइस समय उन बच्चो को संदेश देना चाहता हूँ जो औसत स्तर पर हैं ऐसे छात्र की संख्या अधिक होती है जो परीक्षा में2या3 नम्बर से रह जाते हैं और फिर बहुत खुदखुशी जैसी हरकतें कर बैठते हैं ऐसे बच्चो की एग्जाम से पहले कॉउंसलिंग करना आवश्यक है ऐसे बच्चो को चाहिए कि वो एग्जाम के नज़दीक उन प्रश्नों को हल करने में अधिक समय न गवाएं जो उन्हें पूरा साल समझ नहीं आये हैं इस समय वो प्रश्न हल करें जो उन्हे अच्छे से आते ह

0 0 You have to let the market determine how good a college or school matches up. There has to be a way to sue colleges for financial damages if it does not provide good training program. They should be graded based on graduation rate, %age of graduated students hired in top 500 companies in first 4 years after graduation. Allow as many engineering and technical colleges  but allow class action law suits in case it seems to be a fraud or majority of students don't get hired.

0 0 Dear PM,
I want to say Introduce Gurukul Because Gurukul is one of the best places that can learn sanskara about our Sanskrit and Indian Sanskrit is one of the best Sanskrit in the world and it is only possible when our saint safe in Indian. Please Solve the Measure Problem in India

0 0 आदरणीय मोदिजी सादर प्रणाम जय हिंद
आप किसानो कि उत्पाद के लिए मार्केट उपलब्ध करवा दिजीये उससें किसानो कि व्यापारी द्वारा होणे वाली लुटमार रुक जायेगी और किसान को किसी कि सहाय्त्ता पर निर्भर नहि रहना पडेगा ....
ज्यादा तर किसान व्यापारी के लुटमार के शिकार रहते है ..
और इसके लिए हर गाव मी किसान सहायता केंद्र नियुक्त करे जिससे किसानो का लाभ होगा और युवा पिढी को रोजगार भी मिलेगा .....और इनकी पगार किसानो कि फसल या उत्पाद बेचने से जो मुनाफा होगा उससें आप अदा कर सकते है ..

0 0 26 january 1950 we accepted our Constitution with full faith that it will improve equality in the country for this reservation was given to some groups initially for 10 yrs but due to political agendas it is still working. We dont have any problem with reservation but issue is with the way it is enacted . These days some reserved tribes enjoy good financial status and definitely they need no reservation . I guess we need to look again on the matter that who needs this reservation more.#mygov

0 0 Dear students,
For Our country's development,you should not give exams only for marks.You should improve your skills and focus on use that knowledge which you will learn in boArd exams.
All the very best!!:)

0 0 DEAR SIR I AM AN UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT. I AM FROM BIHAR AND PRESENTLY PERSUING MY DEGREE FROM BHU,VARANASI,UTTAR PRADESH.I WANT TO SAY YOU THAT PLEASE LAUNCH A PLAN OF ONE NATION ONE NUMBER WITH THE HELP OF TRAI. BECAUSE WE HAVE TO USE ONE NUMBER IN BIHAR AND ANOTHER IN UP.WE FACE TO MUCH PROBLEM WITH IT.INDIA IS AN INTEGRATED NATION AND IN THIS WE FEEL A UNIQE POTENTIALITY.PLEASE FOCUS ON THIS MATTER.

0 0 I request my PM speech regarding new agenda of Reservation. How ever my view is that Reservation criteria should be economic status of an individuals, not his name, cast, religion or color.If necessary amendments of constitution should do.

0 0 Hi Dear Sir,  Glad to write you..Regarding centralised admission process for Ph. D research course. 
Sir, In India multiple university providing Ph. D program in Full time /Part time
Sir every University/Institute have their separate entrance separate rules to take admission. it is not possible to fill the form everywhere. Candidates  interested to do Ph D, facing the problem.
Requesting you to do centralised admission process for Ph. D course with transparency. #MyGov #MannKiBaat

1 0 Hi Dear Sir,  Glad to write you..Regarding centralised admission process for Ph. D research course. 
Sir, In India multiple university providing Ph. D program in Full time /Part time
Sir every University/Institute have their separate entrance separate rules to take admission. it is not possible to fill the form everywhere.
Most of time Candidates  interested to do Ph D, facing the problem.
Requesting you to do centralised admission process for Ph. D course with transparency. #MyGov

0 0 Respected sir,
I am Karthikeya student of class 9,dps Hyderabad. I got an email of your upcoming man ki baat in which students can share their views. My view is that in India schooltimings should be changed,especially in south India.In Hyderabad school's start from 8 a.m and end up late at 4 to 5 p.m. This is creating great inconvenience for students to learn for their exams,tests and learn extra cuticular activities which are important.I request u to change timings from 8-1p.m in India.

0 0 Launch 24x7 Student Counselling cell having callcentre, interaction facility over social media, email etc . Should also cover Depression & Suicide Prevention

0 0 श्रीमान जी नमस्कार्। जी, समस्याओंं की फोटो पहले इस 'मन की बात' के माध्यम से दिखा पाता था। अब फोटो पोस्ट करने की सहूलियत हटा दी गई है, बहुत दुख हुआ ॥ नमस्कार्॥

0 0 Hello sir ,
In india MBBS seats are very low only 5000 in gov. Colleges uner all india open seat max if u take for asingle student it is 6000 where applicants are 6 lakh.
Sir it is impossiable for a student of middle class family to pay 20lakh pa feea in private medical college. Sir we the youth have dream to become doctor and serve our nation but for this we need support our countries medical status is going down .so sir plz i crease govt. Medical college seat ordecrease pvt. College fees.

0 0 Dear Mr Modi, I wish you would convice the children that the real merit cannot be acertained through these exams. None of the famous inventors had done well in schools and colleges. It is the creatvity that ought to be admired. Each of our child ought to be following healthy habits and be healthy, that is the 1st important thing in life. second most important thing is being more thoughtful, so each of our children after the age of 7/8 years ought to meditate and observe their thoughts daily...

0 0 शीर्षक: बेहाल - बदहाल = शिवानी इन्कलेव पार्ट=2 , ककरौला ( ककरौला वार्ड ) नई दिल्ली - 110078 , मेन रोड का बुरा हाल है। नाली का पानी ओवर फ़्लो होकर हर दूसरे दिन सड़क पर भरा रहता है। बदबू - सड़ाधं से बुरा हाल है। दिल्ली M C D चुनाव सर पर हैंं। कोई भी महकमा इस मुसीबत का स्थायी निदान नहींं कर पाया है।

0 0 dear modi ji aap bahut hi achchha kam kar rahe hain.. uska koi jabab nahi hai.. lekin hamari    new janeration ab sanskaro ko bhoolti ja rahi hai.. aur school me naitaik siksha ab kewal ek subject ban kar rah gaya hai..ab samaya aa gaya hai ki natik sikhsha ko kuchh istarah course me samil kia jae... taki log sanskarwan ho jae.. aur apno se badon ka samman aur chhoton ko pyar de.

0 0 Honourable PM sir,I now request you to kindly increase the age for general candidates for SSC CGL exam 2017 as if we verify the data of tier 2 general candidates ( only around 12000 out of 44000 candidates ) even 80% of OBCs are coming under GENERAL CANDIDATES QUOTA. Hence Kindly keep the cut off for 2017 ssc cgl as Mar 2017 instead of aug2016., So that many general candidates can take SSC CGL EXAM.IN ssc cgl 2016 1.49 lac quilified for tier 2 exam out of which only 12000 candidates are OC. PL

0 0 Honourable PM sir, I inform you that everybody is very happy about demonetization as the common man ,farmers to upper middle class expressing happy as only the rich will be affected by this, But one thing I note Sir, that I have gone thru many villages in Kurnool and Kadapa districts of Andhra Pradesh that the farmers are not happy as the prices for pulses and vegetable have come down very badly . Hence kindly take steps to give MSP to red gram, black gram etc., ,  P C VENKATA SUBBAIAH .

0 0 Honourable PM sir,many changes have seen in recent times such as skill development, foreign policy or infernal security. But government should do for effective education and health. Play should be compulsory for every child and government should provide all play infrastructure in every schools. For this way my youth being capable, energetic and enthusiastic. They are busy in creative work so free from evils.government should also think to make transparent selection body of teacher

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am coming across news regarding deaths of kids in Tribal Welfare centers and also about substandard food in government hostels.
My suggestion in this regard is that in India people are eager to donate for Annadaan and Vidya daan.
I request you to ask the temples to take care of the tribal kids. There would be no dreath of cloths/ food/ salaries for teachers if temples undertake this work
Famous temples like tirupati sabarimala shirdi dwarka etc can take of tribal kids.

0 0 There are a large number of brilliant students in India, who even do not have house to live in. they need direct and immediate help from the GOI. GOI is financing and availing loan only to those who are capable to return, but what about those who have nothing to return? One such is me,studying in a Gurudwara.I have no parents
,no house to live in,and even no one to help.I wrote many times to PMO,send reminders ,but no respone.I request to PM help me anyway.I have a little hope.08699033725

1 0 respect sir,
     HAPPY NEW YEAR TOO ALL,im vikram shahu. people in indian.this is #MannKiBaat,
My request is that as now some day in daly news channel and other media and live the watching accdent in selfie with prohibited area.lots of victims
stop the selfie with prohibited area.
headphones misuse roadside and walk time.
this habit essly solve with the help of teachers,parents
sir please start the campaign in india,
 "selfie time safe life"
respect sir&all happy republic day2017"INDIA"

0 0 Dear Modi Ji, for Mann Ki Baat on 29th Jan, my suggestion would be that if you can encourage students to prepare for exam without undue stress and pressure to succeed. Many times students succumb to pressure and with fear of failure they take some steps which turn out to be harmful for them and painful for their families. We can tell students that - It is ok, if they don't succeed, there is always a next chance. Also to tell parents that their "kids are more important than an exam". Jai Hind.

0 0 Dear Modi Ji, Mann Ki Baat is really a great initiative directly from the top. I really appreciate you for addressing every month. We as a nation to become supreme power in the globe need to seriously go out of reservation policy on the basis of religion and caste we belong too. We are all indians are deserve equal rights to education and getting jobs. As you are only person who has been seen taking bold steps always into our journey of becoming Superior power globally. We look upto to you..

0 0 Please PM Help Me Rahul Pardhan Indore 302-r mahalaxmi nagar kar ke ek ladke aaj se 2 Yrs phale galt tarike se mujhe Bakoof bana ke paise le liye the wo mujhe 500 kabhi 1000 rupees kar chuka raha tha pichhele Note Bandi se paise nhi de raha hai or mujhe usne bola tha balck money a/c mein dalne par mein aesa nhi kiya.. mere 2 lac kha kar betha hai mujhe Help Karo warna mujhe action lene honge uske ke liye...
mein choruya aa juga par paisa to la kar rahuga

1 0 Hello भारत के माननीय प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी,I am a student. Well, I think we really need to transform our education system to make it best it can be. My views are.......
 We must introduce 'ONE NATION, ONE EDUCATION' policy for the students of India without deleting State Education Boards from Education System of India. There must be-
1) Establishment of 'Indian Authority of State Education Boards' for smooth flow of information and a more connected Education System. Almost 60% of Indian

0 0 sabaramati river front karnal kakkad ochha secururity gaurd mukine 1 vyakti paase 24 kallak kam karave chhe without id . currepption
pruf

0 0 Dear Sir,
I'm Rishabh Kathuria and I study engineering in an elite Institute in Mumbai. My topic of concern in reservation. Since my Institute is an elite Institute, the students who were admitted due to reservations are not able to cope up with the course. A capable person could've instead be given a seat. I think reservationshpuld be used in either MONETARY way or in Merit way but not both.Reserved category students score less and also pay less and general students have no concession at all

0 0 Dear Sir,
I'm Rishabh Kathuria and I study engineering in an elite Institute in Mumbai. My topic of concern in reservation. Since my Institute is an elite Institute, the students who were admitted due to reservations are not able to cope up with the course. A capable person could've instead be given a seat. I think reservationshpuld be used in either MONETARY way or in Merit way but both both.Reserved category students score less and also pay less and general students have no concession at all

0 0 Can we able to give them "Peace" in environments who are going to give exams various board.? Can we not allow to make any noise in environments It will be the best gift to them. Can we able to provide best Electrical Infrastructures ( no power cut), Healthy diet, Safe transportation etc. Free transportations etc. Special buses etc. Emergency medical services.
Can we allow them to spend valuable 1 week time with Indian Defence wing, So they will get motivated.

0 0 this is not related to the students and teachers but it is related to the parents of those students who can not take education due to lack of money...
so please,go through this letter..

1 0 Sir please have a look on it. This is the problem of most of student "Running in a Race of Sheeps"...This is the one reason of lowering of children moral values and Leading to major problem of country when they grow up as CORRUPTION AND SCAMS...(Minor things paving way to harsh reality of today's...
Thankyou...Hoping that it helps...
#MannKiBaat #AIR

0 0 from past many year,after declaration of result,many student commit to suicide.I request gov to council the student before & after exam.
BEST OF LUCK to all the student appearing for exam

0 0 Urbandevelopment depend on the management capcity of MB authority and mostly on elected body leader. The leader should be well experianced and must have courage to face the new challanges coming in present days. The leader must have will to transform the town into a clean and green town with all civic aminities. 100 % perfecteion is impossible but to the poosible extent endeavour must be there. People holding prime post in ULB are coming from reservation with less experiance and education defyng

1 0 Respected Sir,I am big fan of yours and i know that if any changes can be made to the system that can be done by you only. My request is that as we are proceeding towards digital India then our coming generation should be familiar with the computer, but in CBSE computer upto class 10 is not mandatory, few schools are following computer as major subject. So my request is to you that please make computer as one of the major subject in the curriculum.

0 0 Teachers are backbone of any country .they shape future of a country. They are watchdog also. At present in india we see some students use unfair means in exam and teachers shut their eyes for good result of school but it deform the entire system. They should bold enough to check and prevent such misdoing of students. This will result fair compition and best students will come out with character and inteligence.

0 0 #@_If u will u not follows the management of INDIAN's researchers therefore, we all work for all unauthorised countries.............
#@_To be continued ..................
##@_we all knows about your all us department and some urs mistake that is very harmful for future generations ...............
#@_follow we all now on fb.com/@dr.nitishmehta

0 0 sir bookish knowledge se jyada important kuch aur bhi hai vo hai baccho ki sooch ka devlop hona uneh soochna zaroori hai . Kyoki hamara talent dusre desh ke loog use karke paisa kama rhe hain hum khud job creater banengay

1 0 Dear Sir,
Students appearing for exams should think as it is an opportunity to show talent. Even if they face difficulties, there will be chances to improve their ability.
One more thing is that, social media, T.V. & internet is ruining the youth and women because of unnatural use. My suggestion regarding media is : to telecast motivational quotes before starting any serial, news. Repeated telecast of inspirational quotes, small motivational clips can bring good habits in youth.

0 0 #@_we will give the solutions on the complicated problems of the missiles, rockets, submarines, fighter jets, energy management, etc..............
#@_we will give the idea on how to increase our economic rate

0 0 HONOURABLE PM SIR,
IN OUR COUNTRY DIFFERENT THREE BOARDS CONDUCTING STD. X EXAMS IN WHICH LAKHS OF STUDENTS ARE PARTICIPATING EVERY YEAR. CBSE, ICSE & CONCERN STATE BOARD. CRITERIA TO GIVE INTERNAL MARKS IS DIFFERENT IN EVERY BOARD. DUE TO WHICH STILL MANY PARENTS ARE ALSO NOT AWARE ABOUT MARKING SCHEME OF THESE BOARD. FOR KIND CONSIDERATION ICSE BOARD INTERNAL MARKS CRITERIA I AM SUBMITTING IN A ATTACHED FILE.THIS MARKING CRITERIA IS UNEQUAL FOR COMPUTER AND OTHER SUBJECTS. PLEASE DO NEEDFUL.

0 0 Tell the students that if you are from SC/ST/OBC category then you have nothing to worry about....u will get admission even if you don't score well...and that to for free.. but if u r from open category you r going to be screwed even if you score better than others and will have to pay more fees even if your economic condition is worse than ur reserved classmates...open category guys...we are born to be screwed

0 0 Hello
As a engineering student i want to say that the student must be very cool and confident on the day of exam.He should do whatever he enjoys to  like listening his favourite music or reading newspaper because this makes him comfortable and this things put student in level of boldnes.
I always look into mirror and tell myself  that if you can't play for anybody then play for that man in mirror and this boost my confidence level , i think inner confidence plays vital role during exam #AIR.

0 0 we will give u 37,053++ (only indian scientists and  researchers) across all over the world....................................
# @_$ who will give u all solutions of the complicated problems that is happening across the world
#@_To be continued........................................

1 0 Sir,
1. Change exam system from "marks centered" to "knowledge centered".
2. present exam pattern/system is out dated. Our Exams gives only "marks", But Education must impart only "Knowledge".
3. Gaining knowledge during education is far more important than just marks.
4. Education is not only gaining the knowledge, but changing the behaviour of the students.
5. Education must make good human. Only good peoples will make good country.

0 0 Dear Sir,
You must speak about reservation on Man ki baat we want to know what you think about it.we are waiting for your thoughts on reservation because its connected with Nationalism & equality.

0 0 Hon. Prime Minister,
My humble request to make your upcoming Man Ki Baat so powerful so that there will be not a single suicide by the student due to failure or scoring less in the examinations.

0 0 महोदय जी परीक्षा के समय अभिभावक भी बच्चों पर अच्छे नम्बर लाने के लिये के लिये दबाव डालते है परीक्षा प्रारंभ होने से पहले ही बच्चों को डॉक्टर इंजीनियर बना देते है खास तौर से बच्चों के सामने ही टयूशन पुस्तकों अन्य खर्च का विवरण बच्चे के सामने रख देते है इससे बच्चें मानसिक तनाव में आ जाते है वे ये सोचने लगते है की हमारे अच्छे नम्बर आये अभिभावकों एेसा न करें अाप कृपया समझायें.

1 0 Students must take care of their diet food and its timing while preparing for board examination. Avoid oily and heavy food. Take wallnut, banana and milk if possible. Parents must take take care of eatery of their children. #MannKiBaat

0 0 Hello
       honorable Prime Minister of India
Sir
     here I share my opinion with you and
     attached a pdf
      if its acceptable Please introduce
       else I'm sorry

0 0 A new born or new student doesn't know anything what teacher says it's final for him if teacher is bad what student can do, he can change school but how far is good if we change teacher remaining students also gets benefitted I think I have conveyed my message. In india 90 percent (only assumption) dump 10 percent worthy teachers are there, they are teaching for money not for impacting knowledge

0 0 We are limited in imagination when we don't know anything, if we know something we try something, Indians are inbuilt with curiosity and hard work but we lack simple application oriented teaching simply in every school University conducting and giving grades or marks but they fail in competitive exams where we lack is teachers pleaseake sure ji recuitement should be based on not on the knees of corruption please please save education system, wrong person in Wright place never makes Wright

0 0 Teaching should be application oriented,it should develop tactics to solve problems in society, it should educate his personality and society too, it should create create healthy peacefull environment, it should create enthusiasm, all these happens when there is a good teacher, there is a peacefull and leaning environment, there should be a loving, caring parents who always stands behind,but we lacks all these. please make sure whether education is really educating us or not don't run for milk

0 0 your highness respected prime minister sir my name is subhash and i am pursuing my post graduation through JNTUK.I would like you to know about the present education system as the universities are playing dirty politics with the lives of the students by not awarding the marks what they should get i.e how well we write the exam they will fail us due to this the students are prone to depression which can lead to the decision of ending their life so please look into the matter sir thank you

0 0 Respected PM sir, i just want to give suggestion on application fee for competitive exams. I am requesting honorable PM to make "no application fee" for competitive exams if a "candidate is unemployed" or "make standard application fee". Few companies are collecting Rs. 1500 etc. This high amount can't bear by unemployed people. Because of this people are not able to apply for all competitive exams. So Please take immediate decision on application fee for competitive exams. N Bala Ankaiah #AIR

0 0 Sir
Talk about education system .what the loop holes are remaining today .specially in offering by gov. And i must want a degree course of only 2 years that will help students .

0 0 Mananiya ModiJi, Main Ek Aam Janta Hoon, Hamara Yaha (Bilasipara, W/No.3 (Chachapara), P.O. & P.S. Bilasipara, Dist.-Dhubri (Assam). Jo conductor (Atul Barua) Aapki Scheme ki Rasta Bana Raha Hai. Woh Conductor Bilkul Corrupted Hai. Raste Ka Measurement aya hai 22.5. Lekin Woh Kahi pe 20.5, 16.5, 22.5 measurement ka bana raha hai. Aur Kuch Officer Bhi uske saath hai. Hamara Yaha Jo Drain Bana Hai, Kuch Kam Pura Kiya Aur Kuch Repair Kar Raha Hai. Enclose : Photograph

2 0 Respected sir please introduce -Centralized process of recruitment of teachers, assistant professors, professors in colleges to curb corruption involved in the process.

1 0 I think aap nahin padoge.
 Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee.............sir
 I m a student from affined by dr. Harisingh gaur university ,sagar(m.p.). And this is my 5th sem is going on but how much good is our education system because until today university has'nt given 3rd and 4th semisters result. I m too worry about my future .if look into m.p. you will find that (dhsgu) is the worst university for student.
I m in deep trouble my family is hoping somthing better from me......
Tell me what i can do.

0 0 Dear Prime minister,
I have been a committed Jan Sangh voter in my youth and then of the BJP till 2014. But you and your party have just lost my vote for 2019 because you have allowed jallikattu...Being an animal lover i cannot condone any act that causes cruelty to animals. And it is not just me but many animal lovers who have been your supporters so far have decided to stop supporting you henceforth. Hope this message reaches you.

1 0 Respected sir please please please give gift of multidisciplinary education facility in all universities in India. And offer commerce subjects from 9 th standard. And convert tradiditional commerce, arts and science colleges into skill development centres. Means the existing mechanism of education can be used properly to develop employment ability of students.

1 0 student must know about every field and
inequality in scope n opportunity of fields such as scope n opportunity of of medicals n engineering is too larger than fashion designing n sports;becoz of dis students n their parents are forced to choose the field whose scope is maximum for safe future which leads crowd.
there should be an arrangement of seminars in schools in which they are guided for choosing future in their interest of area"every average student is an expertise of his field"

1 0 Sir, you can talk about e-learning.
moving beyond the boundaries of conventional class room coaching and integrating digital classrooms to our education system would surely make education innovative and affordable.
Although in India the concept is"Talk and Chalk".Hope with time India too will accept this concept.

1 0 Respected sir please please please give gift of multidisciplinary education facility in all universities in India. And offer commerce subjects from 9 th standard. And convert tradiditional commerce, arts and science colleges into skill development centres. Means the existing mechanism of education can be used properly to develop employment ability of students.

0 0 Dear Modi ji .
my suggestion
 exam preparation और exam time ऐसा तो है नहीं कि बहुत दिनों तक रहने वाला है यह बस एक छोटे से सीजन की तरह होता है जिसमे की गयी आपकी मेहनत आपको आगे के दिनों में बड़ी ख़ुशी दे सकती है इसलिए जरुरी है इस समय में आप facebook , whatsapp से बचकर रहें |
RITESH KUMAR
BHOPAL MADHYA PRADESH #PMonRadio #AIR #MannkiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Transparency in Election
Sir / Madam,
If we add one scanner to voting machine which is connected / link with “ Adhar Card “. When one go for voting he / she has to give thumb impression on this scanner so machine can validate/tally the name and all details with Adhar Card information and then only allow to vote.

0 0 Respected Sir,
This is really a very nice initiate of AADHAR linked OTP system. As all of us well known that when we gives exam and our teachers evaluates that how much students are stood sincerely and how did only time pass and makes result for us and gives the indexed marks, similarly you should take a step to make a system in which we can Elect our M.P's and M.L.A's or Voting online via AADHAR OTP verification.And marks them time to time. And they should be evaluate like Market Shares.

0 0 we need an education budget just like railways and defense.

1 0 शिक्षा मेरे भोपाल की!
मैं रितेश कुमार भोपाल से !नमस्ते मोदी चाचा जी ! भोपाल में इंजिनीरिंग कॉलेज के यूनीवरसिटी में बहुत फर्जीवाड़ा हो रहा है ! क्या आप भोपाल के शिक्षा के उपर कुछ ठोश कदम उठा सकते हो ??
शिक्षा हमारे देश में धीरे धीरे फर्जीवाड़ा में घुलते मिलते नजर आ रहा है ! यहाँ रिजल्ट्स पैसे के बल पे मिलते है ! हम मध्यवर्गीय परिवार का क्या होगा !

1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय गणतंत्र दिवस, आंग्ल नव वर्ष, मकर सक्रांति एवं खिचडी के ढेर सारी शुभकामनाओं के साथ मैं निवेदन करना चाहता हूं कि यदि केन्द्र सरकार के साथ हीं राज्य सरकारें शिक्षा एवं शिक्षा के मानदण्डों के प्रति दृढनिश्चयी व गंभीर हैं, होना भी चाहिए, तो प्रशिक्षित स्नातक, प्रशिक्षित स्नातकोत्तर एवं प्रशिक्षित शिक्षकों की नियुक्ती यथाशीघ्र की जानी चाहिए क्योंकि method of teaching में शिक्षा शास्त्र के साथ शिक्षा मनोविज्ञान का अहम् राॅल होता है तथा इसमें किन्तु परन्तु की गुंजाईस नहीं होती

0 0 study for knowledge, fulfillment , give your best , but do not get disappointed if you do not succeed there are many avenues still open in life where u can contribute, there are many exams in life. dont take tension just work hard with dedication
#PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

2 0 Dear Modi Ji,
In this episode of Mann Ki Baat, I would like you to speak about the habit of "Book Reading" among every citizen of India. We are 1.25 billion people but I feel less than 1% of population has the habit of reading.
For "Developing India", it is very important that its people are also developing themselves on regular basis. "Book Reading" is very simple but great medium to develop oneself. I am sure that your request can motivate millions of people to start reading with target.

0 0 Dear prime minister kindly provide income tax benefits to those who want to keep the old parents with them

0 0 Increasing voting percentage suggestion
In feb n march 5 states are going for assembly election. Many citizens are away from home (in country or abroad). They want to particiapte in voting festival but due to job aur any medical comoulsion they cannot tRavel and we see lesser voting percentage.
Is it possible for election commision to setup 1 or 2 polling booth in each capital ? India is largest democracy, it should reflect in voting peprcentage too. Vibrant democracy makes easy voting.

0 0 Coaching inst.  Band hone chahiye..jise ki college me thk se class chale..teacher college me hi ache se bacho ko padaye..or perents pe coaching fees ka bhoj bhi na aye..
Dr c b verma
Lucknow
Mob..9415088783

0 0 Sir
Kindly install a cool & relaxful Airport in Bilaspur & For education ITI,IT,sports,Engineering & food etc. too much scope in Bilaspur.People from all areas attract to this city but Gov never cared.Tv/mobile manufacturing unit & food manufacturing unit etc can provide jobs.

1 0 I want to say that education system in India is purely theoretical.We need you sir to focus on providing children vocational education, so that we experience learning in a more practical way.Also the Exam system is a pressure cooker for us.In this competitive world we are discriminated of our marks.So i urge u to find a suitable alternative.

0 0 I AM REQUESTING TO YOU TO PLEASE TAKE MOST URGENT ACTION ON PMOPG/E/2017/0009163.

0 0 I am inviting your kind attention on Complains on THE MATTER OF RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY. MY COMPLAIN CAN BE VIEWED AS on the Rajasthan Sampark portal with ID 11160722035360. Complain on the PMO-PG portal is as under 1.	PMOPG/E/2016/0479910. 2.	PMOPG/E/2016/0516960. 3. PMOPG/E/2016/0503463. 4.	PMOPG/E/2016/0541826. And​ 5.PMOPG/E/2017/0009163​.
PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHMENT AS IT IS VEER IMPORTANT. ALL THESE COMPLAIN ARE PENDING MORE THEN 60 DAYS.

0 0 सरकार ने अबी तक मेरे द्वारा लिखी गयी आवेदन चिट्ठी का अब तक कोई जबाब नही आया है। भूखे मरने और बेज्जती होने से बेहतर हे की घर बैठे खाली दिमाग शैतान होने से बेहतर हे की हमे कोई काम दे भूखे हिम्मत नही बची। तन पे कप्रे भी कम होने लगे। सालो से उमीद की किरण डूबने जैसी लग रही दो बच्चे या हमें हीरो बना दे या 0 नही तो कुछ और हम मेहतर sc जाती इसी के लायक होक रह गए और नेता आरक्षण हटाने की बात करते है। हमारे संस्कार उन लोगो और बईमान से कहि बेहतर है जिसे कुछ नही आता रुपये की बदौलत नेता बनते  मेरी औकात नही ।

0 0 Dear Gov,
Passionate International football stadium+ Metro train between Bilaspur to Rigarh, Korba via janjgir beside road ways + Some big industries for empowering Local will transform Bilaspur & nearby areas & will be relief for young generation. Adventure park & highrise buildings in centre,well develop River Arpa.

0 0 during the examination hours that is given to us only three hours...we have to submitted many entries about us to the examination center that takes a lot of time and student also get disturb by these activities and loose his concentration from the exam so  these formalities should be done before 15 minutes of exam so that student could not get disturebed by these  formalities

0 0 I AM inviting your kind attention on matter of the Results (provisional) published for the exam of JUNIOR ACCOUNTANT AND TEHSIL REVENUE ACCOUNTANT 2013, by Rajasthan public selection commission,I Abhay Kr Sethia with roll no. 482508, with the category of General, NCC cand., is declared as not selected with the fact that I have qualified in both the papers separately as well as in aggregate also. THE MATTER IS THAT THE RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY.

0 0 a unique  curriculum  all  over  India, especially in science  subjects .a syllabus containing  more  concepts  in Law,Constitution ,economy ,digital  technology  that  requires in daily life.I am an M.SC in APPLIED MATH but  I have  a little  concept  in LAW & ECONOMY.

0 0 हर हर मोदी?????
घर घर मोदी?????🌷👳👍
मै भी देश के लिये और आप जैसे देश के महान शासक की छत्र छाया में काम करने का मौका मिला तो देश की प्रगति में हमारा भी योगदान सबसे ऊपर होगा। मैंने अब तक चार बार पेट पे लाते खाई जो लोग कहते हमसे नही होगा में वह क्र के दिखने वाले में हूँ।लोग पागल हो रहे हमे नेता बनना है।लेकिन हमे देश का मददगार आपका रक्षक बनना है।यदि हमे सेवा करने का मौका मिला तो सरकार को ऊँची बुलंदी नही पहुचाया तो मेरे विद्या का नस हो। मेरे पास लोगो से मिलने और अपना बनाने की अद्भुत हौसला है।

1 0 This is not relating to the  youngsters, but I want to put in a few words regarding railway.•1.in a/c coaches, temperature regulator needed.2.Hot or boiling water supply in long distance train.3.removal of curtains in coaches which are dirt encrusted.4.encourage to bring own bedding or issue sealed bedding for a price, than supplying the used/soiled linen

0 0 Sir, please call to encourage the students. Assure them they are going to get the best. Everyday has a new opportunity. Work hard and don't worry about result. If you have worked hard you are defiantly going to achieve your goals.
Thanks

0 0 write model exams
do meditation
dont think about other issues

0 0 No Mechanism is developed tillnow to check goods in transpotation is with Bill or without Bill.
Transporters are not interested that all goods should in original bill.If all business will
in white they are also pay incometax more. All vat officers are corrupt. If all business will
in white,how they will demand rishwat.

0 0 R/Sir, We can very well imagine the current state of our education system When a PM of the country has to advise the students for keeping their exam stress low. We now need a thorough revamp of the system. This can be done only through imparting entrepreneurial education. For that the central government in the forthcoming union budget MUST ANNOUNCE FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF  SKILL DEVELOPMENT UNIVERSITIES throughout the country under the aegis of the UGC.

0 0 Exams have been made into nightmares.Every parent and more so the teachers must inculcate in their wards/students the feeling that exams are just like any other activity and no hype should be created around them. We all must do well,very well but the stress to do well should never be there. This stress is a byproduct of the unreal expectations of the parents/teachers/educational institutions,society at large.We must takee positive steps in this regard and students will definitely do better.

0 0 हमारे गांव के लोगो के पास कोई रोजगार नही पढ़े लिखे घर बैठे अपने जीवन को नर्क बनता देख नेताओ के झांसे में पर अपनी तकदीर उनको देते है।जहाँ भी देखे लोग हमे भूखा अहशय को पैसे के लिए रुलाते है खेर जब सरकार ही कहती है इनको %का आरक्षण नगर अध्य्क्ष ही कहते सफाई के अलावे हमारा कोई काम नही। मेरे पास वो भी नही।मई तो पेट पर लात खाने वाले में हूँ सरकार हमे देखती नही तो इस सच देश के सागर में हमसे भी बढ़िया दिमाग किसी को नही दे सकता। में रक्षा या कन्धा देने के लिए हमेशा तटपर हूँ इसके आगे मुझे कुछ नजर नही आता।

0 0 I advise students to prepare their own notes in following way-
Before 15-20 days of exam, start revision of subject & write important points. By this they will create shorter book (notes) of that subject i.e. a book having 200 pages, by notes it will be reduced to 30-40 pages. Now before 3-4 days of exam again read the short notes with writing imp. points & now they will have shorter & smart notes of 4-5 pages. Now in last night/morning of exam read these smart notes.

1 0 DEAR SIR,
       MAIN VISHAL KUMAR SINGH CHHAPRA BIHAR SE  HU. SIR AAJ MAINE POSTOFFICE SE EK 100 RUPPES KA POSTAL ORDAR LENE GAYA TO MUJHSE WAHA PAR 10 RUPAEES KA KAMISAN MAANGA GAAYA SOCHIYE EK GOV. OFFICE ME JAB YE SAB HAI TO FIR CORRUPTION KYO NAHI HOGA .
ye to ek chhoti si baat hai par iske upar kyahota hoga soichiye

0 0 हम दलितों ने हर दुःख को अपना मजबूरी समझा । इन्होंने मरने तक हमे मजबूर किया। हमारी माता ने इनके मल को अपने माथे पे उठाया। बुद्धि पैसे नही होने के कारण हम भी इस किचर में सामिल हुए ।लेकिन सरकार के पास इतनी शक्ति नही जो हमे उबारे। आज भी बेरोजगारी के कारण मुहल्ले की 300से ऊपर बेरोजगार बिहार की भेट चढ़ गये। आरक्षण 0से 32हो गयी बच्चे के लिए स्कुल fe नही खाते हे पैसे नही मर मर के जीने से बेहतर हे सरकार अनसूचित दलितों को भृष्टाचारि नेता आजादी से अब तक लूट किये जितने दुःख हमने सहे उसे सहना होगा

0 0 I AM inviting your kind attention on matter of the Results (provisional) published for the exam of JUNIOR ACCOUNTANT AND TEHSIL REVENUE ACCOUNTANT 2013, by Rajasthan public selection commission,I Abhay Kr Sethia with roll no. 482508, with the category of General, NCC cand., is declared as not selected with the fact that I have qualified in both the papers separately as well as in aggregate also. THE MATTER IS THAT THE RPSC HAD DECLARED THE RESULTS ON WRONG ANSWER KEY AND WITH MANY IRREGULARITY.

0 0 Dear narendramodi,
               i have a request to you that please open my pdf file and kindly read my mon ki bat

0 0 Technology found that plants generate a voltage of up to 200 millivolts when one electrode is placed in a plant and the other in the surrounding soil. 
Tree power is unlikely to replace solar power for most applications.But the system could provide a low-cost option for powering tree sensors that might be used to detect environmental conditions or forest fires., naxlist and terrorist activity. The electronic output could also be used to gauge a tree’s health for Agro n forest development

0 0 By using platinum electrodes and ficus plants to discover the truth of feeble electric currents from trees.  Reason is that the pH difference between the soil and the living tree is the cause of creating electric currents. We can use this power source for human benefits.
Chandrakant 9638525574

0 0 all candidates who are appearing the Board exams , i advised  them some tips that appear exam centre 30 mins before,do not take any tention. dont copy.just simply done your job,best of luck.

2 0 Dear sir,
ONE NATION -ONE SYLLABUS

0 0 आरक्षण को समाप्त नही किया जा सकता दलितों ने अपना सब कुछ खोया है मल से मुखाग्नि तक कानून से दुनिया की सभी जनता कानून भी कर्जदार है पूर्वजो ने जो कुर्बानी हम आज तक दे रहे। नेताओ ने हमेशा हम दलितों का अपमान किया। हमारी बोली तय की जाती है शोषण भ्रस्टाचरि कितने गुनाह कानून से लेकर जनता ने की हम भूखे सोये भीख मांगी हमारी बदनसीबी को गली दी आज तक ये पैसो से हमारे ऊपर अत्याचार किये।अगर जनता नेता आरक्षण के खिलाफ करना हे तो अनसूचित जनजाति को ही मिले।देश की आजादी से अब तक का जबाब दे।
देश का हर दलित सलाम दे

2 0 Quality(in terms of knowledge) of students coming out for colleges are very poor.Student cant read and write one page after doing matric. Dummy admissions in professional colleges also need to be checked. Some university sell degree.

0 0 Honorable sir this is Praveenkumar p achalkar. Not only city students, rural students are also dont know about agriculture pls add one more subject as a agriculture, and students are not allowing to study mathematics and english its very harmful to next generation of india

1 0 exam are always important but training of teacher who train us needs a training there theself there is alaways important that teacher don't have genration gap with students. but 90% of teacher in every school and colleges have. so i suggest hat gov. should insist the gov help us for better learning #exam #PMO

0 0 प्रधानमंत्री को प्रणाम जो भी एग्जाम देने बच्चे जो परीक्षा के लिए तैयारी हो रही है इस बच्चन को मैं यही बोलती हूं आप लोग टेंशन मत हो जो परीक्षा में आप लोग जो पढ़ा उसका ही बार-बार अच्छा से लिखना ध्यान रखना जो एग्जाम पेपर देखते पहले पेपर में क्या दिया क्वेश्चन को अच्छा  से पढ़िए समझिए आपको जो भी आपके पढ़ाई किया आपने सब अच्छे से लिख सकते हैं डरना मत किसी का भी आप जब भी गलत करेंगे तभी डरना है इसलिए आप आराम से अच्छा से लिखिए यही हमारा आशीर्वाद है.

3 0 I request you to take serious action against higher side donation taken by private school.Private school take Rs 25000-100000 donation from parents for nursery level.How will take middle class parents admit his children?Also private school take monthly fees and other charges in the name of project,activities etc and also compulsion to purchase Uniform, books, stationary etc from selected shops.
Now time is coming to serious action. No one interested to admit his child in Govt School

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,हमारे देश का आधार हिन्दुत्व और हिन्दुओं से है जब तक इनको संरक्षण और इन्हें सबल नही बनाया जायेगा तब तक आपके द्वारा किये गये प्रयास ठीक उसी प्रकार के होते जैसे फूटे हुए घड़े में पानी डालना व्यर्थ है।  नमस्ते

0 0 2 inki application fee sir bank exam k liye ibps 600 rs leta h jo bohot jyada h
Or eske alawa fir b
Banks apni alg se vacancy nikal rhe h jinki b same fee h to sir ye to candidate s ko lutne wali bat h
Sir kuchh esa ki en sbka exam ek hi bar m hi jae to kafi cost b bchh jayegi or sir time b and fee b limited kr di jaye

4 0 Sir students ke liye aap ye kariye Ki sabse pehle hamare desh me sabhi prakar Ki ashlil websites par Baan laga dijiye.

0 0 पीएम सर,
मैं सभी बच्चो से कहना चाहता हूँ के परीक्षा के १० दिन पहले से मोबाइल व्हाट्स अप और फ़ेसबुक का प्रयोग बंद कर दे यदि कुच्छ ज़रूरी प्रशण अपने मित्रो से पुच्छना हो तो ही प्रयोग करे अन्यथा इस समय का इस्तेमाल सिर्फ़ जो पढ़ हुआ है उसी ही दोबारा देखें बजाए ज़्यादा कुछ नया पढ़ने के, और बच्चो के माता पिता उन्हे ज़्यादा और घर या बाहर का काम ना करने दे, लेकिननहीं आएगा| पेन सिंपल और अच्च्छा इस्तेमाल करे|

0 0 Sir,
A metro train between Bilaspur CG to Korba,Raigarh via Janjgir  chapa beside road will be profitable for Gov because in every half their is a bus for these destinations & 90% youth travel in this way.It will be good for future.

2 0 Hello sir
firstly congrats sir,You r doing grt job, In my opinion about college and school In our country have good school college and institute but there are some student are do not get proper guidance lack of concentration or interest, Generally  school and college are focus on theory knowledge not on skill or practical knowledge. So that is the region we youth are struggling for job and development of country. So finally i request you to make a environment of skill or practical based.
thk u

2 0 Its hard to say what is the best thing for exams. But for me I would say there must be as many as practical exams possible should be conducted. It is easiest compared to written exam because human mind stores photos not texts. By this presentation skill will increase as well as confidence level. Because at max all the students have to face the world in practical. I don't say that theory is no necessary as it is the core to do the practical.

1 0 Hello sir,
We have many number of states with their respective universities having different syllabus.I would suggest to have all india common syllabus for graduation and post graduation level for all faculties.

0 0 banks and non banking finanace company funds more then registry amount on housing loans. so black money generated and stamp duty loss. there should be a low to restrict funding to 85 % maximum against registry amount only.

1 0 Hon PM Sir
This is to bring to your kind notice that I have been pursuing my Master's in Human Rights frm International HR academy.
During this study.i have been experiencing some very amazing thing.I thought I must share with u.
आपको.यह जानकर आश्चर्य भी होगा और खुशी भी कि बाहर से पर्यटक के रूप मे घुमने आना.तो भारत को सबसे अधिक सुरक्षित मानतेहै
खासकर पूर्वी भारत को
और यह बात पूरे देश को जाननी चाहिये
:)

0 0 Dear Sir,
I am Sanjay Sharma from Indore Madhya Pradesh, I have a unique Invention regarding energy generation. Sir I want to meet you for the lunching this innovation from India only.
So give me a time for meeting with you.
Thanking You
Sanjay Sanjay
Innovator
India
Mob. 08962595550

0 0 Sir meri 4 salah h 1 Haryana m ho rhi compition exam m dhandli or abi tk kisi b exam ka result nhi aya to uske liye unka time fix kre bohot se candidate ka bhavishye unme bnd h v abi to smjh nhi a rha ki kis exam ki tyari kre sir m batan chahuga ki hssc or bank v ssc k exam ek dusre ki same date p a rhe h to smjh nhi ata kon sa de or kon sa chhode or enka process bohot lmba h ek hi candidate jb tk uski joing nhi ati minimum 5 post kharab kr chuka hota h

0 0 Allow ATKT for graduation students to study the post graduation courses. Many students have the will to study but due to 1 or 2 subjects backlog they are automatically thrown out of the education system. These students waste a year in jobless and education less resulting in frustration. The ATKT would help them stay in the main stream of education.

2 0 sir,
children are quick learners and we are moving towards digitisation if school books are made available to students @ school and at home they can access the book from ncert website.
benefit:
prevent tree
2wards digitisation
boost to DISHA program @ school level
challanges:
hardware, internet & electricity
sol: gov can give tablets by conducting exam @ particular centers above class 6
the step will help in wild life conservation

0 0 Honourable PM, I am a employee working in private limited company, I pay all my tax properly. Annually I pay tax around Rs 1,00,00. I am in need of personal loan, Banks are rejecting only because my company is not listing. In such a cases why people should pay tax

1 0 Honourable PM,the standard of education needs to be improved in India.It is necessary to have a system whereby the top performers from every school is admitted in the nearest district university Campus which offers multi-disciplinary education.It is also important for students to get exposure by having tie-ups with universities in BRICS countries so that the best and the brightest can be trained on cutting edge technologies.India has to upgrade the learning and research abilities in students.

0 0 Respected PM,
Mai apka dhyan Indian Railways ke ek niyam ki taraf khichane ki kosis karte huye unke ek rule ko change karne ki gujarish karta hu jisme unka rule ke niymanusar koi bhi railway worker BRS lekar apne kisi bhi Ladke/Ladki ko usi post per karwa sakta hai is niyam anusar kai logo ko railway me naukari nahi mil pa rahi hai jabki railway ke worker ke Ladke/Ladki ko us kaam ki jankari tak nahi hota hai aur na hi wo is kaam ke layak hota hai fir bhi unhe job mil jati hai.

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आप से निवेदन है कि जो पैन कार्ड आनलाइन किया जा रहा है उसमें बहुत भारी संख्या में गडबाडी हो सकती है क्योकि बहुत से बैक  खाते में फर्जी रुप से खाते खुले हुये है। और इस प्रकार फर्जी पैन भी बनाना आसान है और अगर इस खेल को रोकना चाहते है। तो E Keyc के तहत आनलाइन आवेदन कराया जाये जिसके लिये आधार कार्ड के साथ Thumb Imprison के द्धारा Authenticate कराया जाये अौर इस सर्विस को केवल CSC को दिया जाये जिस तरीके से हम CSC  लोगो को प्रधानमंत्री आवास आनलाइन की प्रकिया के लिये अपनाया गया है

4 0 RESPECTED PM NARENDRA MODI SIR,
I WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST YOU TO REMOVE RESERVATION CRITERIA FROM EACH AND EVERY EXAMINATION...PASSING OF EXAMINATION WOULD BE ONLY ON INTELLIGENCE AND (NOT ON CAST BASED)....FOR EXAMPLE -> (OPEN CANDIDATE) NEEDS MORE MARKS THAN (OTHER CASTS CANDIDATES)...IT CREATES HUGE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN OUR INDIAN SOCIETY....SO PLEASE PM MODI SIR JUST STOP THIS RESERVATION CRITERIA & REMOVE IT TOTALLY...

0 0 Dear Sir,
Written exam measure knowledge as well as writing skills too.  There can be 100% oral exam where a student with less written skill but with higher level oral presentation skills, can exhibit his knowledge.  Till today, in India, oral exam is part of some exam, like Viva voce of a project etc.  Oral exam itself can be 100% complete in itself, and sufficient for language subjects.  Oral is best suited for skill based studies, non -formal, open and distance education mode of learnings.

0 0 Lakhs of students are suffering due to derecogniition of KSOU by UGC. From the last 1 1/2 years the university did not conduct exams.They did not even issued marks cards/certificates.Even after finishing the course, we have yet to receive the marks cards.Pls note.Only those who commit mistake should suffer. If the univ did not follow the rules or committed mistake, why should the students has to suffer. We hope speech will contain this issue.Hope your speech will not be just for marketing.

3 0 Sir, Please stop the commercialization of the education. Now a days huge money is involved in giving education to the children. Every year fees are rising by around 25%.
School infrastructure is getting higher and higher using our money. They are occupying the play grounds of the School. On the other hand Teachers are getting very low salaries and the quality education in the school is getting degraded day by day. Parents have to be dependent on tuition classes, which adds the cost of educat.

0 0 respected sir.
             i suggest u about the cast validity certificate  require  for the engg. or other sector that is so difficult to achieve ...so me and like other obc student are in trouble..if we could not sub meet the certificate full fees will be paid full fees ....like me that is the condition in allover india...so thick on it...

1 0 Sir due to inefficiency of the college a efficient  student score less marks & he is punished for the whole life, he wont get admission in higher studies nor eligible for government jobs ,sir ek page ka marksheet future bena deta hai its funny.

0 0 Sir due to inefficiency of the college a efficient  student score less marks & he is punished for the whole life, he wont get admission in higher studies nor eligible for government jobs ,sir ek page ka marksheet future bena deta hai its funny.

1 0 Respected sir,some suggestions for improvement in education sector given in attached file

1 0 Present system of examination is nothing but memory test but not a efficiency elaborating test. One who have memory for 3 hours are only getting marks. Yoga and meditation and teachers and parents support diffinately help students to get good marks please. Namastey.

0 0 Free toll free helplines must be made functional in all places from Kashmir to Kanyakumari.
There is a subtle difference between concern and worry. Concern is reasoned and purposeful, based on a logic of cause and effect. We might shut all the windows before we leave the house, concerned that someone might break in, or that the wind might blow in and knock over a vase of flowers. Through concern we avoid discomfort, and hence feel more relaxed.
Worry, on the other hand, lacks the logic

1 0 Sir,
Demonitisation: Cashless economy. Please read my thoughts at http://munkrishnan.wordpress.com

0 0 Sir jab hum school se kisi simple college me enter krte hai to problem ye hota hai ki school me ye sikhate hai kum likho per sahi aur accha likha with good grammer aur jab hum college aate hai to  koi nhi samjhata ki answer's kaise likhna hai is chakkar me students score ni kr pate & higher education nhi kr pate colleges ki padhai bhut bekar ho gya hai sir there is no decepline & education quality is very bad only profession.

0 0 पढ़ाई का लक्ष्य परीक्षा मात्र नहीं होना चाहिए बल्कि उचित ज्ञान प्राप्त करना होना चाहिए इससे आप जीवन की किसी परीक्षा में असफल नहीं हो सकते हैं। #PmOnRadio #Air #MannKiBaat #MyGov

0 0 Sir there are many schools jinke paas accha ground ni hai na hi infra structure sirf setting hai.
Inter school/ college / cultural  events must be there.Sir bhut sare students ko stage fear hota hai.

0 0 Respected PM
We will be happy if we get a free mediclaim policy from govt for all whose income is bellow taxable income

0 0 sir mai ye kahna chahata hu ki after exam k baad jo hum log form dalte hai wo bahut hi mahanga hota hai tho unko free kar diya jaye ya kuch kam kar diya jaye kyo ki mere bahut dost hai jo paise ke karad form nh fill kar pate thanku sir

1 0 Respected Sir,
I would like to request you to change the current system of recruitment of teachers and Assistant professors. Recruitment system should be on centralized basis on merit. Obviously quality of the teachers directly affects the knowledge, skill, employment ability of students due to this even after higher degree holders in India have negligible employment and self employment ability.

1 0 Appreciations is always oxygen for do great things. Asia's biggest cultural event, Kerala School Kalolsavam 2017 is going on for the last 5 days, but not a single line news about that in any National News Paper or Media. Earlier times, North East states always complained about Central Govt's ignorance. Same thing feel some times about south India also. Govt should understand & respect the North East India's culture and South India's Dravidian Culture also. Kindly add this topic also in #MKB,#AIR

1 0 Respected Prime Minister
I would like request you to give most awaited gift for students in the form multipdisciplinary education for everyone, such facility must be available in all universities in India. Because students have interest in diffent subjects from different faculties. I also request you to change the present mechanism of syllabus designing in universities. Syllabus  designing must be centralised basis ie. Syllabus for particular subject must be same in all universities in India.

1 0 Respected and People's PM Sir First save million existing Karnataka State Open University (#KSOU) student's life suffering for no fault from last two years.
Please change the education policy to protect technical distance education for poor and remote areas student's. Because without distance technical education skill india programme never succeeded properly.   You are our last hope sir. HelpUs Save Us. #KSOU

2 0 #PMonRa
As a teacher in a higher education institution it was noted that a lot of anomalies in giving internal assessment marks. There was no correlation between internal as well as University marks. Due to this eligible youngsters are thrown out from the mainstream. So it is my humble request to stop the internal assessment marks throughout our Country along with unified syllabus for all courses.

0 0 Please talk about huge water pipelines, that is required build from assam for feeding excess  water of bramhaputra basin to rest of India leaving ganga-yamuna and sindhu basin inside India.......china already did this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s5UungzXhw this is a huge water transport project......I also suggested this to the FM's budget priority related post.

0 0 Sir there are many kinds of teachers- ek bhut acche se pedhate hai with example & pictures & ek jo notes likha dete hai aur bolte hai isi ko exam me likhna aur ek bus tympas krte hai class me sote hai bacche halla krte to bolte silence in class ;)

0 0 Respected Sir !
परीक्षाओं मेँ अपीयर होने वाले बच्चों को हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं।
लेकिन
मैं आप का ध्यान टैक्स रिफॉर्म्स की तरफ दिलाने की इच्छा लिये आप से बात करने को उत्सुक हूं।
विमुद्रिकर्ण के बाद जीएसटी की राह पर बढ़ते कदम सुखद भारत की तरफ संकेत कर रहे हैं।
लेकिन मिडल क्लास को जिस प्रकार टैक्सेज की मार झेलनी पड़ रही है वो न्यायसंगत नहीँ कही जा सकती।
10 लाख तक की वार्षिक आय को प्रत्यक्ष कर दायरे से बाहर किया जाये। 10-15लाख को 5%कर, 15-20लाख आय को 10% तथा आगे के स्लैब को इसी तरह आगे बढ़ाया जाये।

0 0 Respected Prime Minister
I have full faith in your ideas about the government.
In Mann ki baat you are supposed to discuss about the things that will destress the students while attempting board exams.
My request to you is to kindly make aware the students about the checking or evaluation in the exams that purely depends on the mood of the examiner and also suggest them not to depend wholly on the result.
Regards and thanks
Neelu trehan

0 0 Respected sir,
    please talk about the bsf foods in mann ki bat
  Thank you

0 0 Respected PM,
Every persons has their own opinion on Education system according to their experience and difficulties. I would suggest to incorporate  and give motivation to children to have a reading practice from primary school due to internet facility they stop reading by their own which create lack of their development.  Also to give particle lessons more than give a burden of exams forcing them to learn by hard to pass exams.
KR,
Alpesh

1 0 Sir commerce class 9th se start hona chahie so that students easily take their best carrier decision & also take skill & interest test in class 9th may be he is very good on painting.

2 0 #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat Please share the strategy for  effective time management, as there is lot of gap between exams. Secondly, in union budget please declare that education loans will be cheaper than other loans. In our country we are having car loan, house loan cheaper than education loan. For higher studies we require education loans not car loans or home loans.so, please decrease the interest rate on education loan. As, in long run, it will have a positive effect on our economy.

0 0 Transformation of India can be only possible if the engineering students can explore.A number of Engineers are unemployed if the government can link them by providing job in Government schools for teaching ,it will definitely rise the standards of education in various state like Bihar ,UP,MP etc.If the unemployed engineering graduate will explore as they will get path to explore..It will change a lot.
Youth is expecting a lot from PM.
Thanks

0 0 Every Student is not enough matured in class 10 they are bound with parents, elders & friends to take their carrier decision. Student's pick commerce even when they don't have any experience & knowledge of this subject ? Think about my smart Question

0 0 Dear PM Sir,
Many people lack the ability to identify the fake currency notes. It is better to install fake currency detection machines next to every ATM machines where people should be able to walk in and check the notes they have received from others are genuine or fake. If people get access to validate the notes they receive, they will not accept the fake notes which will help reducing counterfeit currency menace.
Please find attached file for more details.
Best Regards
Gopi

2 0 प्रिय सर
        नमस्कार
आज हमारे देश में आरक्षण देश की उभरती हुई प्रतिभाओ के लिए अभिशाप बन चुका है आरक्षण के द्वारा प्रतिभाये दबती जा रही है आरक्षण पर एक कमिटी बनाकर पुनर्विचार होना चाहिए ,आज के युवाओ की सोच अलग है आरक्षित वर्ग भी यही चाहता है    आपसे इस देश को और विशेस कर युवाओ को बहुत अपेक्षाए है

0 0 Honorable PM
Shri. Modi ji,
I request  to you please change the competitive exam like NET/ SET, UPSC/MPSC result cast vise criteria. Because sir aisa nahi ki general cast walo hi memori jada our cast walo ki kam hai aisa to koi nahi all student ek hi class me padte hai same teachers hote hai to ye aisa ku ki passing mark open ka jada our cast ka kam. sab ko ek hi criteria kardo. Please ye band hona chahiye. I hope tu ye jarur karoge.   
Thanking you,

0 0 Sir humare desh me jisme teacher ki quality hai wo teacher ni hai ,jisme sports ki quality hai wo sports player ni hai, aisa hai faltu log us place me baithe hai jeha inko hona chahie .Students ki skill & interest test hona chahie gov dwara aur students ko usi line me progress karana chahie jisme unki ability wo innovation kar sake.ye test class 9- 10 me hona chahie.class 10th me board exam dete hai us samay decide krna mushkil hota hai ki kis field me jaye

0 0 padhai sirf aapko soochne ka tarika sikhati hai afterthat u should be so able to create ur own job

0 0 There is requirement for domicile certificate for admission to 1st year courses after passing 12th standard. Need for domicile certificate is not really required, if student has passport or adhar card. This requirement adds problem only for parents and students to run for it. And there is nothing required to get this certificate in terms of few documents and fees charged by the agents.
Request govt attention on this issue.

0 0 बीएसएनएल के अख़बार में बड़े बड़े विज्ञापन में राशी खर्च करने के बजाय, उपभोक्ता को सही सेवा के लिए केबल डलवाएं, जिससे जनता का भला हो सके. प्रार्थी को लगभग 45 दिन पूर्व जयपुर में 0141-2502071 नं. अलोट करने के बाद अभी तक भी टेलीफोन कनेक्शन नहीं दिया गया है. तथा बीएसएनएल के अधिकारी बात करने पर कह रहें है, भले प्रधानमंत्री को शिकायत करदो, हमारा कुछ नहीं बिगड़ सकता है. कृपया बीएसएनएल का भला एवं उपभोक्ता के हित में फेसला करें तथा प्रार्थी के निवास पर उक्त टेलीफोन कनेक्शन लगवाने की कृपा करें.

0 0 Sukanya form not available post office kindly provide on-line submit form & payment

0 0 Dear PM sir,
Please talk about Jallikattu this is not for the peaceful protest going on now in TN. Instead to save all our native breeds across India, which will help for the farmers and also for our culture. We should not allow non-indian products atleast in the diary industry which directly hit the growth of the kids. Its our humble request.

0 0 Sleep well before the exam. To relax your nerves Worth to have short casual chat with your friends before entering the exam hall.
Best wishes !!

0 0 Children and parents needs to be friends at first. By creating friendly atmosphere they can solve any problem. Children need more support from parents in exam time which help children in creating mental and physical strength in them.In exam time students need to be realeaxed to focus more on exam which help them in better preparation.

0 0 I can dance, sing and play harmonium both Indian classical, sugam and folk. I have published five books at time on fashion designing in English. Today I am giving speech training to hearing impaired children like me totally free of cost. I have also attained skill in computers, skating, Art, Road cycling, Stitching, embroidery, handicraft, ribbon flower work, Lamasa work and paper quelling work.The only message to the students and parents is do not stop, just go on. My rigorous training journey

0 0 Sir
A new born child is a genius only converting him to an idiot only sending him to school.   The 300 year  slavery of British made us to follow their tradition of learning to fitment to their requirement, in their language.   A child must be thought in its mother tongue to  understand this world and thousand s of  year old our  tradition/culture to stress free development.  When world is following us  or our education system of gurkhul, why can’t we begin to adapt in our education system.

0 0 Maanniya pm g
Please is post ko ignore mt kijiyega hme pta hai aage 3state me chunaw hai fir v aap is pr vichar jaroor kijiyega
sir chhtra me aarakshan abhi ek gambhir samasya ho gyi hai
Aap please asamarth student ko aarthik ya achchhe college me admission kra de but merit/result k anusar hi job ya any kisi v cheej me chayan kijiye nhi to hota hai km marks prapt krne wale ko job mil jata hai aur achhe medhavi chhatra wanchit ho jate hai aur berojgar ho jate hain please pm g ispr jarur

0 0 Dear sir,
Kindly ask & appeal all the politycal parties to ad sadak suraksha campaign in poster which is using in election campaign. Sadak suraksha is a big issue no one is focusing on it. It's everyone's responsibility to create awareness with tag line of sadak suraksha jeevan raksha. Sadak suraksha main yogdan dein or nagrik hone ka farz nibhayen.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I am a profoundly deaf girl by birth. But don’t want to describe myself as ‘Divyangjan’. As in PM Modi Sir’s Gujarat, I have completed my B.Tech EC with 70% in first division. Moreover I can speak, read, write and understand almost four languages. I can dance, sing and play harmonium both Indian classical, sugam and folk. I have published five books at time on fashion designing in English. Today I am giving speech training to hearing impaired children like me totally free of cost

0 0 MAAN

0 0 meri ye request india k PM s kam or us father s jyada h jo apne india naam k ghar k sabhi baccho ko ak sath aage badhana chahte h. hmare govt school ki study utni hi difficult or quality s less bnaiye ki hmare jitne bi student aaj school m padh rahe h unhe study puri krne k  bad meri tarah ghat na bethna pade or unhe kisi bhi skill m private school s pass out student s kam na smjha jaye . and please govt m jyada new hiring kriye purane officers kaam krna bhul gye h wo sirf paisa khana chahte h.

0 0 Sammanniya Pradhanmatriji,
meri vicharanusar kya hum vibhinna pratiyogi parikshaon me lee janevali fees ko kisi tarah kam kar sabhi vanchiton ko bhi pratiyogita mein shamil hone ka avsar pradan nahi kar sakte hai kya? kyonki kai pratiyogi parikshaon ki fees 500rs se 1000 rs tak hoti hai jo gareeb chatraon ke liye bahut jyada hoti hai.is disha mein kuch kar sakte ho to prayas nischit kijiye. muze vishwas hai ki aap is disha mein jaroor vichar karenge. Asankhya Shubhkanyen..

1 0 sir my name is uma singh am 23 year old now but still i am unemployed. sir maine apni graduation tk puri study govt school and college me ki hai. or graduate hone k bad bi muje ye btane m koi sharam nhi hogi ki jo skills or capacity ak graduate person m honi chahiye wo mujh m nhi h because hmare govt institutes ka structure student k sahi progress m uski koi help nhi kr pata h.jisme teachers,principal,education department k sbi log h. or bharat m gareeb student kitne h ye aap bhi smjh skte h.

0 0 honorable sir , mere vichaar se jab tak shiksha ke adhikari rispat lena band nai karenge tab tak shiksha mein koi sudhaar sanbhav nahi hai kyoki shiksha vibhag mein khuleaam adhikari teachers se rispat lekar kehta hai ki nahi school nahi jao sir aap sab jaante hai phir koi aisa kadam uthaiye na ki bhrstachaar khatam ho jaaye

0 0 honorable sir , mere vichaar se jab tak shiksha rajniti se judi rahegi tab tak iska star nahi sudhrega kyoki gaon ke principal prdhan sab milkar kewal apna swarth dekhte hai na ki bachho ka bhavisya sabhi suvidhao ka fayeda students tak pahuch hi nahi paata hai

1 0 Respected Sir,
I am a profoundly deaf girl by birth. But don’t want to describe myself as ‘Divyangjan’. As in PM Modi Sir’s Gujarat, I have completed my B.Tech EC with 70% in first division. Moreover I can speak, read, write and understand almost four languages. I can dance, sing and play harmonium both Indian classical, sugam and folk. I have published five books at time on fashion designing in English. Today I am giving speech training to hearing impaired children like me totally free of cost

0 0 investment)As per existing rules it is  compulsory to file the return whose income is above 250000/- ( before all the exemptions )  Income of agriculture is totally tax free.to file the return is to be made compulsory even if any one had a income only from agriculture but if it is above Rs. 250000/- ( although it is totally tax free but it will increase the no. of tax payers. Record of non fillers can be checked from the land dept. (Tehsil)
Viddya Sagar Bansal(9416473563)
Chet Ram Colony

0 0 Dear Modiji,
 It is a good thing to have common entrance examination for engineering and medicine.But the drawback is that everyone is not provided with equal facilities to succeed in examinations.If all over India, if all students are taught with the same curriculum in all educational institutions then it is a welcome one to have common entrance examination.

0 0 3. Dept. of  E.P.F. and  NPS should be merged
4. for the purpose of deductions, leave encashment, gratuity etc. employees of Govt. and pvt. should be considered at par.Tax structure should be as follows.
 First 3 lacs   No Tax,300000 to 750000   10%,750000 to  125000    20%,above 1250000   30%
Deduction of 80 C,First 150000   100% of investment 150000 to 250000              50% of investment
250000 to 350000    25% of investment or 15% tax of investment will be deducted

0 0 1.From the past some years service man is ignored because business man and professionals are allowed to meet all the expenses, but salaried person is also doing some expenses for performing his/her duty,(where no allowance is given for these)
IN MY OPINION STANDARD DEDUCTION OF 10% OF SALARY OR Rs 75000/- ( WHICH IS LOWER ) IS TO BE GIVEN AS TAX FREE.
Employees always claims HRA exemption and produce certifficate of  house rent paid.  It should be totally taxaable

0 0 Honorable Sir,
              I just want to share my experience of  board exam which will become helpful to student.When I was in 12TH class at that time in board exam i think that i will failed in exam. This was become because of lack of confidence but at same time my parents told me that you know everything and you have to fullfaith on your preparation.But because of my parents encouragement i scored 90% in this exam.CONFIDENCE AND PARENTS SUPPORT IS A VERY IMPORTANT WEAPON FOR SUCCESS.

0 0 Sir once we prepare so much to join in a gov jobs, and after all the reservations and cutoffs when we get a position to prove our self then too we could not do anything because some people will get pramotion faster then the one who are hard working.
you should really look into this. every men should get the result of there work.
Kindly consider this

0 0 Honourable Modiji,
 From my experience after my board examination and its result what I learned was "Life is not all about marks.There is so much things we could do in life other than that".
 One of the anecdotes which inspired me during my school days was
   "If you win,everyone will come to know about you.
    If you loose,you will come to know about everyone.
    Instead of thinking how to win;
    Think how you lost;
    From that moment,you'll start winning."

0 0 Respected P.M. sir
     I am student of institute of national importance,MALAVIYA NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLGY, JAIPUR. Studying in B.ARCH. 3rd year. As we all know NITs and IITs are the prime institutes in our country,but we are paying fees more than many other private colleges, and not only that but these people are increasing it.There is hike of 6500 rs. in this semester and there no standards to living in hostel or food as they are increasing it.please sir do a favour.

0 0 SIR, CA STUDENTS ARE IN DISTRESS.  THEIR LIFE IS MISERABLE. THEY DID NOT GET GOVERNEMNT JOBS AFTER CLERING TOUGHEST CA EXAMS. THEY GETS LOW STIPEND DURING TRAINING. NOW TIME TO CREATE IAS(FINANCE) IN GOVERNEMNT DEPARTMENTS FOR BETTER ACCOUNTABILTY, MANAGEMENT OF FINANCE,INCREASE OF REVENUE AND LEAKAGE OF REVENUE AS PERSON (B,SC. MA, MBA, ECONOMIST) RECRUITED ON GK TEST BASIS AND INTERVIEW CAN NOT GIVE GOOD RESULT IN FINANCE & TAXATION THANKS TO YOU,
  VAISY KOAN SUNTA HAI (MIGHT IS RIGHT)

0 0 SIR, CA STUDENTS ARE IN DISTRESS.  THEIR LIFE IS MISERABLE. THEY DID NOT GET GOVERNEMNT JOBS AFTER CLERING TOUGHEST CA EXAMS. THEY GETS LOW STIPEND DURING TRAINING. NOW TIME TO CREATE IAS(FINANCE) IN GOVERNEMNT DEPARTMENTS FOR BETTER ACCOUNTABILTY, MANAGEMENT OF FINANCE,INCREASE OF REVENUE AND LEAKAGE OF REVENUE AS PERSON (B,SC. MA, MBA, ECONOMIST) RECRUITED ON GK TEST BASIS AND INTERVIEW CAN NOT GIVE GOOD RESULT IN FINANCE & TAXATION THANKS TO YOU,
  VAISY KOAN SUNTA HAI (MIGHT IS RIGHT)

0 0 India is developing country since 60years, sir if we want to make it a develpoed country please remove reservation
and give equal opertunities to every one
on the basis of poverty level is good, but on the basis of caste... we should evaluate it
coz many caste who were backword at the time of independece are now in good position.
please look into it

0 0 Sir kindly General cat ke lie ek bhi job na nikale kyuki job paane ki umeed me inki zindgi kharab ho rhi,inka paisa waste ho rha,time waste ho rha,isse bhut log bach jayenge.

0 0 Sir General Catagory ko tax free kr dijiye inke income me gov ka koi haq nhi.Jab ek bacche ko gov sab de rha aur dusre ko uska haq nhi de rha to dusre bacche ko aazad chor dijiye usi me bhalai hai no gov rules & regulations for us.

0 0 Sir i live in Hyderabad, and in some reputated schools also the standard of hindi language is too low, the people here are more concerned about english and there regional language,
as hindi is our national language, do something for it sir
or else our next generation in southern part of india wont get to know such a historical language

0 0 Sir i have a 1yr old son... and i m trully concerned about his future, as i have to leave him with my parents so that i could do a job for fulfillment of our basic needs and his future.
Please consider the fee structure.
i was a student of KV, but kv's are not everywhere and other gov schools standered is not good and we really cant afford good private schools without comprimising in our daily lifes

0 0 Dear Sir
I have a suggestion regarding the education policy
The stage where the student is to decide on what subject to take after a student passes 10th is still false question for our  society, because most of them are either pushed towards engineering or medical field neglecting all other possibilities .Why should our society be framed in this way Why has the creativity being given such a low importance.One of the resultant is going to be increase in unemployment rate in the country

1 0 sir cast ko le kar rajniti mat kijiye phut dalo aur chal chalo reservation heta dijiye ,aaj bhi Bharat gulam hai,sabka sath subka vikas ho hi nhi skta. Nationalism to bahut dur kr dia general catagory se. Reservation jaisi baate padhe likhe logo me suit nhi krta.

0 0 Dear PMji the idea of NEET is welcoming but one humble request please bring an uniform syllabus for the higher secondary level we in tamilnadu state board syllabus are totally relying on the coaching centers for clearing exams because of the vast difference in the syllabus.  Try to help us the govt. is in a standstill position as of now and we dont know when this will change added to the fuel is the Jalikattu issue though it seems safe chennaites are still in a grip of fear.

0 0 We should try for cable car/rope-way communication for freight/passenger services for intercity/intra-city communication. they very economical/pollution free/driver-less/very less maintenance costs etc. We should try for gas balloons/freight cable car/ropeway based communication for physical transfer of water that joins the sea to be moved back to mainland for use by the farmers/public.

0 0 भारत में आज करोड़ो युवक बेरोजगारी की मार झेल रहे है. इस बेरोजगारी की वजह से देश में अपराधीकरण बढ़ रहा है. चोरी, डकैती, लूट, हत्या आदि समस्या कही न कही कुछ हद तक बेरिजगारि से जुडी हुयी है. जीविका का साधन न होने कारण लोग मजबूरन इन कृत्यों को करते है. जिस से समाज को नुकसान होता है. भारत की इस समस्या को मेरे हिसाब से कुछ बिन्दुओ पर ध्यान देकर हल किया जा सकता है. जैसे:- जनसंख्या नियंत्रण करके, रोजगार उन्मुख शिक्षण प्रणाली से, लघु और कुटीर उद्योगों की स्थापना के लिए सरकार द्वारा सहायता और मार्गदर्शन देक

1 0 Honorable sir,
our state manipur is still conflict condition, so many student can not attend the various board examinations and competitive exams due to the blocked, pore student can not go in flight they miss the various exam which is exam center given outside the state. so pl. be arrange more exam center inside the Manipur.And pl. solve the blocked also.

0 0 sir namastye sir mera manna hai ki arakshan khatam hona chahiye....samay badal gya hai aur sir exam me admission form, rojgar for hum log bharte hai to general wlo ki fees bhut hoti hai sir hum logbhi gareeb hote hai general ko bhagwan amir bna ke nhi bhejte hai. sir plz vichar kijiyega..............

0 0 Namaskar, My dear people's prime minister. I am very happy with your ideology and decision making. I would like to say you that, a man/woman who is working in govt departments. He/she   has studied their 10th, intermediate, degree ect in private institutions. Although he/she wanted to do job in govt sector,is it good. After this also they join their children in private institutions for education.it seems to be bad. So from my side, could you speak about this in mann ki baat this month. Thayou.

0 0 Sir i am a student of integrated 5 year MSc. course in Nit Surat. Since our course is of 5 years, so we are not given any degree for graduation instead we are given degree directly after post graduation. Due to this we are not eligible to give various exams which are for graduates. This results in loss of opportunity and age eligibility. Please make the provision of degree after graduation for us also. Presently we have to wait for extra 2 years after graduation to become eligible for any exam.

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री,
स्वच्छ भारत को लेकर आज देश में कई कार्य किये जा रहे हैं जो सराहनीय है. आज खुले में शौच से मुक्त देश की और हम अग्रसर हो रहे है.
पर मैं आपका ध्यान एक छोटी से बात की और ले जाना चाहूंगा. वर्तमान में ट्रैन में जो शौच की व्यवस्था है वह कही न कही खुले में सोच का समर्थन करता प्रतीत हो रहा है. क्या हम ऐसा नही कर सकते की देश के नवजवानों से तरह तरह के ग्रीन शौचालय के मॉडल बनाने को कहें और जो बेहतर हो उसका चयन कर ट्रैन में पुराने तरह के शौच के व्यवस्था को बदले ?

0 0 Encourage establishment of Foreign Universities in India so that every aspirant Indian have an opportunity to study in top foreign universities with less expenses and Government can retain the talent. regards  sarala

0 0 Respected sir 1. Please effect one common entrance exams for aspirant engineering students.2.Increase the share in seat reservation for economically backward students.3. Make common income certificate format for all over India. 4.Development of examination pattern to encourage students more on Science & Research and development of skill and practical approach. regards  Sarala Blore.

0 0 Dear Mr.PM
No One has time for KSOU UGC issue to get solved. Those who gave 4 years of time in Engg. and after completion how can UGC say NO RECOGNITION. What is GOVT doing with more than 1Lakh Students. Despite all know the situation why no Action Yet.Where is Right to Education and what is our Fault. Why UGC Didnt Took Actions before 5 years if they were aware of such Isuues.KSOU(GOVT UNIV) and UGC(GOVT) are messing students in between.Please we are begging for education.Please Sir please.

0 0 sir pls take some attention on ssc exams malpractices especially in cgl and also do some favour in this regard. also the process is too slow . i shall be very thankful to you.

0 0 Secondly, opportunity for basic science students especially who are learning in universities is very less. There are no fellowships as well for carrying out research in universities. The scholarships like RFSMS have been stopped from this year. By which research students are facing difficulties. Also, grants for carrying research is less. If you can focus on these aspects it would be really helpful.
Thank you

0 0 Respected Sir;
I want to grab your attention on two things. First, is regarding cast reservation system. By this, the quality is decreasing day by day. Please bring a rule so that the people who are poor and are talented can get benefited rather than who has cast. Also, make a one-time reservation that is a person who is eligible for reservation can take this opportunity either in education or in a job.

0 0 Respected Sir,
 I just want throw light on the process of competitive exam. The whole process starting from priliminary exam to joining of duty takes almost 2 years which is not acceptable in digital world. Sir, even your government publish the circular to complete the procedure within 6 months, but unfortunately not a single department follows that circular.
I had given SSC-CGL exam in 2015 and in 2017 still I have no clue when I will get the appointment letter. Please do something for us.

0 0 respected sir.
my opinion is that the fees paid for various courses in various institutions should be reduced, so that even the poor children could also achieve a good degree and work for the country in future.

0 0 Dear, Honorable Modi Ji,
 There are some views which I want to share about competitive exam.
Sir, there is no any vacancy in government dept( center / state) for professional courses like, MBA,MCA etc.
so kindly think about this.
"JAI HIND"

0 0 Mann Ki Baat http://manzill.com

0 0 Ban Reservation and Take India to the next level. There should not be any reservations for any entrances all over India except Physically Handicapped and for kids of Army/Navy/Air force personnel who is serving the nation on border. This will bring the best talents out.

0 0 In our country that is neck deep in corruption, students need to be assured that studying will get them success, rather than approaching 'high' authorities and buying top ranks in exams. In present day India competence/expertise/qualification have nothing to do with success.

0 0 Mabnaniya mahodaya, Emphasis on {1}*politically free unbiased education** Politics free Institutions;{2}By Promulgation All Sarkari Employees should be bounded to send their CHILDREN from government Schools only (will remove Rich-Poor & stop commercialization, explotation, Poor output Quality);{3}Embarkment on IIT,IIM students fleeing to abroad on which entire fees is borne by all taxpayers which is very painful.Should be allowed only after 5 years period or against payment of entire fees.

0 0 Sir for reservation i want to suggest that please bring poor families of general casts like pandits in reservation schemes dont punish them for being in general cast

0 0 Sir want to suggest that our education quality should improve ,i think our education system is based on purpose of passing maximum students everyyear it should be based on improving quality of students .syllabus of different state boards should be more wide to give more knowledge to students and there should be conceptual questioning in various board exams .skill development should be applied from school levels so that student can judge there skills and choose appropriate field in future .thank

0 0 #AIR: Parents & teachers can mould a child. Every child is different from others in term of intelligence, memory, perceptual ability & analytical skill. It is important for parents/teachers not to compare  children with more gifted ones & have unrealistic expectations which put more pressure on them. Rather they should identify some special skills they have like singing, dancing, painting, sports etc. & focus on them. Let us not forget that the most brillient may not always achieve more success.

0 1 Dear Sir,
Kindly do something to stop jallikattu protest. PM sir we need your presence to address the Tamil nadu crowd in chennai. It has became emotional issue. This is being followed since last 3000 years in Tamilnadu. Sudden break by peta has hurt sentiment of local people.

0 0 To Honorable prime minister Narendra Modi
   Mai up Allahabad se hoo mai 28/12/2016 ko crpf camp phaphamau mai skill type test dene gaya tha to waha ke member wo khud type karawa rahe the aur mera keyboard gadbad tha please sir help me.....
Aur waha ka saftwere pata nahi kaise tha wo usko agar 32  wpm hai to use notpad par dalkar apne se sahi karte the please sir bhrastachar ko rokiye mai to padhyi chod diya par aur kisi ko ye din na dekhna pade aap ke my gov ka bahut abhari rahoonga

0 0 Iam putting ds knowing it that u wil not include ds in Mann k baat.
Upliftment doesn't means reservation.u can help downtrodden or weaker section by Exempting college fee,exam fee but ds is ridiculous to exempt their cuttoff marks.
Plss do not make General category downtrodden ,they r begging for jobs..

0 0 Hon PM ji,As per our ancient Gurukula system Brahmacharya is process to keep our young minds in good shape away pre-meture thoughts. But now mostly both gender kids are studying in same premises of our High schools,Female children have many problems once they reach to adult age.GOVT should encourage non-co-education schools. girls sections in another buildings with female staff to gain
best results.

0 0 Sir, My suggestion to stop the train accidents if the village panchayats from where railway tracks are passing be given responsibility of night security by employing un employed youth of the villages for agricultural activities on the vacant land of railway along the railway track with the intention of security of the track as well as earning the money by doing agricultural activities. In this way the local youth may gate employment and can become soldier of the railway.

1 0 To Honorable prime minister Narendra Modiji ,
sub students ko ye samjana he ki board exams se darna nahi he is k age bhi duniya he yeto sirf ek padav he ek step he or please ye 1 st 2 nd or 3 rd ki dod me mat pado sub me ek khas khubi hoti he apni tarahse jio Apne tarikesi jio jisko jo bolna he bolne do koi farak nai padta k ap kO bord me kya number mile he.........
MAIN BAT PERENTS BACHOKO BAHUT PRESSURE KARTE HE SO PLEASE
LET YOUR CHILD BECOME WHAT HE OR SHE WANTS TO BECOME

0 0 Sir Muze Swacchta Abhiyan  ke Photo Aur Video upload Karna me. Me bahut paresan hu ke my gov me kis jagah ye sub  uplod karu, Karpya muze margdarshan deve. Mera gamil account he- damodarsharmabarwani@gmail.com Aur Phon No. 081092-19372. he Please meri madad kijiye.

0 0 Sir, please make students that engineer or doctor are not the only ambitions. There are many other opportunities too.

0 0 Hon PM ji,As per our ancient Gurukula system Brahmacharya is process to keep our young minds in good shape away pre-meture thoughts. But now mostly both gender kids are studying in same premises of our High schools,Female children have many problems once they reach to adult age, hence boys and girls must be separated. GOVT should encourage this system compulsorily, instead of co education schools should divide girls sections in another buildings with female staff.

0 0 #AIR: I will quote Kalidasa which is relevant to the students:
  " Look to this day, For yesterday is but a dream & Tomorrow is only a vision.
  But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness & every
  tomorrow a vision of hope. So look to this day. "
We have no control on past & future is always uncertain. However, if the students grab the present moment & make best use of it, I am sure their past will be more pleasant & face the future with more courage & conviction.

0 0 if OUR ADHAR IS OUR BANK A/C NO & OUR PAN NUMBER.ALL PROBLEM IS SOLVED .ANY BANK OUR ADHAR IS OUR BANK A/C NO.

0 0 While preparing for any exam, the student should take care of the following:
1. Prepare your paper as per the syllabus;
2. In the examination hall, on receipt of question paper, read it and do the assessment;your;
3. Attempt first of all easy questions and leave difficult one for the last;
4. After completing the answer sheet, glance it for a while to do minor corrections, if any.

0 0 Dear PMO
There are many fields where the students will apply after completion of college. Please tell us about that also.

0 0 Dear Sir,Please First Decrease competitive exam Fee for students.Government employees working hour is less & get high salaries but no Changes in any Departments.Please give jobs to youth.Please Find out unemployment people and give jobs.So Many people working in less salaries in private field.Students ready to working less salary in government sector in India .Please think and give employment to our youth

0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, There is a genuine requirement to enhance quantum of seats in graduate and post graduate studies as demand far exceeds supply. My suggestion is govt should increase seats in existing colleges by 25%for AY17-18,50%in AY18-19 and 25%in AY19 -20. This will increase level of satisfaction amongst students and mothers. Also demand for reservations will be negated.  Secondly govt should plan to establish 100 universities over next 3 years to provide access to Higher education

1 0 Able general category students are not allowed to be chosen in several competitive exams and instead SC/ST students are selected out of which many are not-so-studious.
For the development of nation everyone should be given equal chances irrespective of caste, gender and religion.
Hope you see to it.

0 0 Hon' PMji
Sir I want to drag yr attention towards one of central govts recruiting agency SSC(STAFF SELECTION COMMISSION.From last so many yrs this commission is in const clutch of controversies either related to corrupt officials or failed to conduct fair examinations in timely manner.
sir pls either dissolve the entire commission and raise a new body as u did with Planning commission or give instructions to overhaul the commission from its present form.
pls restore the faith of aspirnts.

1 0 Please make the study curriculum which suits the current technological needs.
Just making someone to learn things by-heart without proper understanding to get marks is the present trend in all schools and colleges which makes the students a mechanical person rather than a human being.
All students should be made to participate in social activities and make them enhance their leadership qualities rather than a Bakra just going without any forward thinking.
Provide opportunities to excel

1 0 Dear sir, Our government so many times arrest to the currupted people under several type of matters. But again the matters happenning and they dare to do the same thing. Why we cant take that type of steps or make strong law to prevent them to do that shame things. This will be more helpful to us to do strong economically.

0 0 WITH DUE RESPECT....*SIR*....
THIS IS FOR YOUR KIND INFORMATION THAT MYSELF IS UNDERGOING THROUGH VARIOUS MENTAL HARRASSMENTS..MY PARENT ARE FORCING ME TO GET IMPULSIVE BY CREATING VARIOUS ACTIVITIES..AND IS THREATENING ME TO GET ADMITTED TO MENTAL HOSPITALS..SO THAT THEY CAN WIPE OUT MY..MEMORY..IF YOU LOOK THROUGH I EARLIER REQUESTED BENGAL C.M. TO INTERVENE BUT IN VAIN..AS THE LOCAL POLICE..MY PARENTS ARE UPTO SOME GAME..AGAINST ME..I HAD SOME BUSINESS LINKS IN MIND WHICH THEY WANT TO ERASE.

0 0 1. Students should be assessed on how well they have understood the concept and its practical applications.
2. remove reservation in higher studies. Till under graduation, if they get admission on reservation- they are being given equal opportunities as everyone.
Why to continue reservation in post graduation and job opportunities also ? Merit should be given due consideration not caste.
3.compulsory training in defence services  for short period before joining college

1 0 माननिया प्रधान मन्त्री जी ,आपसे देश हित में यह प्रार्थना की जाती है की आरक्षण जैसे ज़िन को अभी बाहर ना निकाला जाये ,उसे अभी बोतल में ही बंद रहने दें ,आरक्षण से प्रतिभाशली बच्चों में कुँठहा ,अबसाद जन्म लेता है और उनकी प्रतिभा का हनन होता है , एक बच्चा साधारण से नंबर ला कर अपने मन पसंद course या नौकरी पा लेता है जबकी एक साधारण वर्ग का बच्चा कड़ी स्पर्धा के कारण योग्य होते हुए भी अपने मन पसंद course ,college ,और नौकरी नही पाता ! हमारे अच्छे प्रतिभवां बच्चे अपने मन मुताबिक नही पढ पाते और देश के विकास

0 0 Now it  is a need full all physically handicapped people Required “Digital unique PWD Card” this card will work in all place in Rail , Bus , Airline Travel Pass will get easy with ¼  discount “   If  we provide the  “Digital PWD Card “This will help the Indian democracy to capture as much as voting strength from PWD Category.
Jai hind

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister of India
Shri Narendar Modi Ji.....
Your Excellency is the first that you are the PM of Common Man. CEEOINDIA is a not to profit organization working in Jammu and Kashmir State since last 26 years. on the occasion of #Youngsters appearing in various board exams. whole Jammu and Kashmir is praying for their best result. Youngsters have to appear in exams not for securing the marks but to be the positive trendsetter for others to follow

0 0 Hon.PM ji,
It is true that todays children face lots of pressure, when compared to the days of my student day. I suggest they be made compulsorily to abstain from studies for one day a week, included in social sevice, and to form a forum of thier own with like minded children under supervision of elders.
I also suggest that, this  70 th yearof independence rename our country to Bharath or hindusthan for which opinions can be sought fromthe public.

0 0 Now it is a need for All sectors of society that from this Republic Day Free Education should be made available for all Students from all classes of Indian society , From top to bottom This will help the Indian democracy to capture as much as voting strength.As per the analysis , this type of decision has not been taken since 1947, If such step would be taken it will be beneficial for entire Indian .As per article no 122 in Indian constitution,every individual can share their views,”So Can it b

1 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, Few points need attention-
1. Must do some physical exercise & yoga under the proper guidance
2. Do not compare with the others, but try to improve the Self by taking up activities of their interest for this nation and the universe.
3. Each and Every student / youth must be assigned some type of work for caring himself and their dependents.
4. Each and Every student / youth involved in destructive activities must be penalized.
Bharat sabhi ko Priya ho...!

0 0 Respected Sir, Education should make learning an enjoyable experience, and instill confidence
in the minds of children.The education system should adapt the benefits of Internet & technology to make sure that quality education is given to all in the country and
it is not restricted to only children in cities.Education should cultivate the ability to think rather than merely making students memorize the contents of the book & reproduce. Value education should also be part of the curriculum.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Every Time I hear from you people saying 'today's pain tomorrow's gain'.In place of that if you say "today's efforts for tomorrow's comforts,and invite every body to participate/put efforts. Because nation building is like relay race,which can not be successful with an individual.

0 0 We need o change the way we perceive our history. The books need to be changed and our true heroes and saints have to be glorified. Even America curriculum includes Indian history.
Also a request to all BJP workers not to use fire crakers in campaigning and celebrations. As it only leads to 1. Noise and air pollution 2. Litter all over 3. Fear to our pets and birds 4. Waste of money.
We can celebrate by planting trees, singing, dancing, giving sweets.

1 0 Student are require to remain cool and focus on regular study. Not to take extra burden of exam. Exams are normal like your school exams. Most of School in these days never clear concepts but try to cover the syllabus. So I request to student clear your concepts.

1 0 Respected Sir,
In conjunction with regular course of study,co-curricular activities should be made obligatory for all the students at elementary school level administering an aptitude analysis and get a better grasp of predilection of each students which in turn will help to draw a conclusion,foster and nurture while they augment their career.

1 0 Respected Narendra modi ji
I'm preeti Singh pursuing B.tech from SRMCEM Lucknow and I have shared my views for Mann ki baat in the attached file.
Please go through it.

1 0 Respected PM
In higher education vtu studies they have no modern technics and in the theory exam they wont give the grace question marks if we have not attended.I request you to give the grace questios grace marks if we have not attened and plan of internal test is not good because some colleges give the marks to their students if they had not been attended good.KSRTC bus would not stop near or in front of college because of them we have to take 2or3 buses to go college we will be getting late

1 0 Dear Modiji, Please cancel all entrance examinations, instead use their marks secured as the criteria. Only the aptitude of the student be checked during entrance. Now, students are leaving the studies aside and concentrating only on the entrance test (mugging up & shortcuts), creating an intellectually handicapped generation. In higher secondary sector no studies are happening, only Engg/Medical entrance preparation. In Engg only GATE preparation; in MBBS only MD entrance; so on & so forth.

0 0 Job Creation (Multiple Sectors)
India should move from 45 to 40hrs per-week/per-person. But office should be open for full 6 days per-week. This way companies will have to hire more people. Schools, IT Software companies, BPO's etc, should offer PART-TIME JOB 24-36hrs per-week/per-person but office should open 6 full day week to support the world or Indian economy.
This will also help Married people, As the wife or husband would prefer to stay home to suppor there kids

0 0 Sir,
I am running an N.G.O Ipsha Samaj Kalyan Kendra in Patna ,Bihar.I am providing Nursery Teachers Training through my N.G.O.I found a lot of trainees ,who are interested to do B.ed course,unable to do that due to a number of reasons. IGNOU and Nalanda Open University ask two years teaching certificate of affiliated schools and these schools do not provide teaching certificated after service of many years.The talented students ,who have passion to teach do not take admission .

1 0 Respected PM ji,
  I wish to bring your kind attention towards a big problem students of 10+1 and +2 Science getting crushed between coaching institutes and schools.Maximum students are getting fake admissions in +1 +2 to join Coaching institutes for Entrance exams of NEET or Engg, charging huge amount of fee. As  result neither they perform in board exams nor in ent.Test.Under dual pressure n corruption whats going We all know.Kindly stop Fake admn n Coaching busness to save deserving stdts.

0 0 Respected PM
In higher education,those who dreams to become teachers in universities and colleges one has to clear UGC net or PhD acc to UGC norms.but our higher education system is corrupt.People with desired potential are not getting selected. I cleared net exam in computer science and I have taken two interviews but they selected the ones who has references with lesser points.My suggestion is UGC should take necessary actions and also prepare panal for recruitment for state universities .

0 0 Mananiya Pradhan Mantri Mahodya,
    Mera Naam Ratnesh h Maine Tourism me Graduation kiya h Mahodya apane Des me Tourism ki apar sambhavanaye h. Mai govt. K sath Tourism sector me yogadan Dena chahata hu.Parantu mahodya dukh es bat ka h ki govt. Ki taraf tourism sector me koi vacancy aisi nahi aayi jisme ek tourism Graduate apply karake govt. tourism sector me Des K liye yogdan De sake.
Mahodya vinamra nivedan h ki aap apana dhyan es taraf de aap ki mahan daya hogi ..Apaka Ratnesh
"Namaskar"

0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
i am pranshu sharma in class 10 cbse board from  Gaya Bihar. i am very much afraid from my board examination. i have completed all my syllabus but still felling afraid from my first board examination in my life. if you  will motivate my i will feel completely boosted.

0 0 Sir,
I have a suggestion. There can be an accelerated college program which only requires 2 years to complete instead of 4-years.  Sir, IB(International Baccalaureate) can be encouraged in all public schools. Sir, this is just my humble suggestion since, with 2 years college program, people capable can finish college early and also more people with less income can afford college. Thank you sir.

0 0 Dear Modi ji,
My name is Chirag Jain and I am currently pursuing b.tech(CSE) from SRM University.I want to give civil services exam in future but in a big list of optionals for the exam I did not find computer science anywhere. This makes it difficult for lakes of students from comp.Sc. background to clear as they have to choose some other optional.Please look into the matter and see what can be done.

0 0 First They must ban Re-Addmission Charges...

2 0 At first close the reservation system, because brilliant student did not get any admission in dream college.

0 0 Teaching... touching ... and then turning is the only way to get success, which can benefit all, the individual, the family, society and the country at large. Teaching has developed a lot on western cultural way... not by the true Indian tradition... like Guru sishya parampara... even Lord Krishna has gone for teaching to his earthing Guru( Sandipani Rishi), where Lord Krishna is the Guru of all creatures. From the basic level there are so many faults, unqualified teachers, books, methods , usel

0 1 I would like to quote what Bhagwan Sri Sathya Sai Baba has said about students: "Students are embodiments of Love and closest to the heart of God, as they see no difference among each other".
The issue lies with the Parents and Education system, which is sapping their creativity and energy....
My request to you is to remind of the "potential" that they have and ask them to harness it in the right way!
Jai Hind!

0 0 The role of parents in exam is very important, even though my mother has not studied much she used to sit with me and ask me to do the maths problems and she compared with the answer and in a way helped me and corrected the mistakes. My mother hasn't completed here 10th std but without her support it would have been a difficult task to pass my 10th CBSE exams now i  work for a reputed company in US

2 0 Youngsters should plan according to time left. Proper planning is root of success. They should self motivate them and they should not escape from weakness and try hard to overcome the weakness from proper planning.  They should go through 5-6 years earlier paper. Science students should write answer to the point and explaining by diagram or figure will be very helpful good marks also drawing a figure sometime take very less time, than writing. keep always moral high..

1 0 Respected sir,
I am immensely happy that this time it's for students and on exam...i am sure like all the other Mann ki Baat this one will be good and will help us...Thank You!!

0 0 mr. p.m. ---why brain drain is continuing unabated ? why lacs of rupees  spent for those students who later earn millions of foreign currency going abroad ?  what is the gain of our nation ? being a poor state where more than 50% people r illiterate(in true sense)--why such type of expenses r allowed for decades & nobody is raising question ?

1 0 at present quality of teacher is awful , they r only interested for personal interest..education is becoming more & more a business proposition ---it has to be stopped at any cost to save our future generation--& most important is some kind of training like N.C.C. / MILITARY is to be made MANDATORY so that sense of PRIDE , MUTUAL RESPECT & BROTHERHOOD can  be developed.

0 1 Bilaspur me 3rd class sports stadium,Auditorium, jeha log jana bhi nhi chahte bena kar logo ko bewkuf bena rha state gov apne ghr me International dusre k ghr me 3rd class soch kitni bedi hai isse smjh me aata hai.Ek kahawat hai kisi ko nicha dikha kr insaan khud kbhi ucha nhi uth skta.

0 0 Please have an drive or appeal for skilled people to solve problems and post videos on YouTube. Have some prize for best video uploader every year. Students who do not take expensive tuition classes may have access to the best knowledge. Do things to destroy the out-of-school tuition economy (tuition teachers take ₹ in cash).
Have some college students volunteers to organize mock board exams. Recognize and reward such efforts.

0 0 P.M. SAAB---revamp of the syllabus from primary onwords is urgent need of the hour...actually nothing is learnt by the students presenly Except selfishness... social science & proper history of the country must be taught from early stages so that young generation must know who they are & what type of heredity & tradition, he/she carries!

1 0 Dear PM,
I am so happy to see such Initiatives. This time it actually look like something good is happening.
This time, can you please talk about bad effects of reservation, or appeal Indians to probably giving up reservation. I believe reservation should be on the basis of family Income.
Warm Regards
PD

0 0 Sir ek to reservation aur dusra State Gov dono ne desh ko barbad kr dia hai Bilaspur rising city tha village bena die.Middle class ko pura helpless kr die sara development apne ghar me hi krte gaye aur garib logo ko lalach de kr vote pate gaye.

1 0 Dear Modiji
'One India One Syllabus' system should be implemented.Moreover grading system in examination should be same throughout the country.There should not be any gap between state board and central board syllabus and system so that every student get equal opportunity.
#MannKiBaat #MyGov

2 0 I am also a student and passed from CBSE board and as a student i think every student will should develop curiosity. Because of this thinking power is develop which is necessary for development of a human brain. A develop brain will capable to change the world. If the greatest mind of the world can do those think which we know study on them, so we will also doing those types of thing which is incredible in nature. And these things is got by learning and doing some efforts on it. Believe yourself

0 0 We have students constantly pushing themselves to succeed and excel in all type of exams athletics and academics. We have student entrepreneurs. We are blessed to have students active in their communities - volunteering and Recreation, and the . We have students attending school board exams, meetings and taking active roles in education.. We have students doing incredible work at all levels Tech – cooking, building, welding, nursing, and creating a great future for themselves

0 0 1.	When I was a young, our generation was fat, lazy, had no manners, talked too much on the telephone (the kind you had to actually dial) instead of face to face, and spent far too much time in front of a pre-cable TV watching
2	Youngsters today are extraordinary. They have knowledge and insight at their age I wish I had at any age. They are caring and compassionate. I am extremely proud of the young men and women of India for the care and compassion they show for each other, their community,

2 0 Dear Modiji
As a student I think that instead of focusing in theory based examinations, students should have more exposure to practical examinations.Practical study helps in improving memory power than theory in a better way.More effort should be given to practical.

0 1 WE the DR. Nitish mehta THE EXPERIENCIABLE IN TERMS FOR ADVANCE DEVELOPMENT, MANAGEMENTS, RESEARCH IN ALL FIELDS.
we will give you all kind of development in all the INDIAN INTERNATIONAL RESEARCHES...........
WE will give you all kind of resons to interchange the not only system but all the things is generally happening in our surrounding..................
we will give you the idea how to win the next STATE ELECTION that will be held in 2019......
we accumulated..

0 0 Dear Gov,
Upper cast ko garib benaye  aur lower cast ko amir banaye  to mujhe bus ye beta dijiye k  Desh kitna progress kia,Corruption kyu bedha,crime kyu bedha,Unemployment kyu bedha,Jisne bhi reservation laya desh me wo sirf badla lena chahta tha upper cast se wo Indian ho hi ni skta.Free ki roti kha rhe inlog wo bhi dusre k haq ka.

0 0 tired to send a mail. only my message got posted. Hope, they would get back to me
Prasad
prasadpvln@yahoo.com

0 0 Tried to send a mail to PMO but even after searching for 30 mts, I couldnot find a way out.
If a professor like me wants to help the government to build banking related innovations, there is no way at all. ALAS !

0 0 Sir at this juncture when we aims to become one of the most powerful nation in the world I request you to please provide better education in the government school too and fill the vacancies of the schools with great teachers who can teach better. Because India can find its place in the world if and only if our schooling become high class otherwise lots of people will be unskilled and add to the population only. I do not see the shining India unless the poor don't get better education.

1 0 sir please provide jobs for deserving indians.
Sir sc/st/obc/other state reservation and many more reservation scheme me hm students to pagal ho chuke hai.
Padayi kr ke v paglo tareeke ghumte hai.there is no job for deserving students.
Madhyapradesh ke cm sahab to khud reservation ka ek aur system lekar aate hai.
Promotion me reeservation.
Thanks to supreme court jo shi decision deti hai.
Vote bank k liye ye inka kuchh naya tareeka tha jo ki bahut galat lga.

0 0 Sir I am piyush Pathak from bihar I want to say for my all brothers and sisters that there is no shortcuts for the success.so read carefully and do better in your life.this is time to set your sallery.when you not work hard you get simple sallery which is not enough for you and your family but when you work hard you get high sallery which is sufficient for your family and make you satisfiy.So work hard and keep it up.Dearlovely PM please say this post in your programme.perhaps it give motibation

0 0 Sir, I am living in UP and studied in my village. Today we have school buildings but we do not have good teachers to teach. When i was in school teachers were not used to teach and if they teach that was not enough. Similarly there are thousands and lakhs of schools we do not have good teachers due to which we have got very poor knowledge. And with this poor knowledge if we go for higher studies out whole time goes to strengthen our school knowledge and due to which we left behind in colleges.

0 0 Sir , education system me Sabse bdi problem reservation he . Kyuki iski vajah se general category ke students Ko seats nahi milti . Jiski vajah se ek layak student Ko uske man chahe course me admission nahi milta vo bhi sirf inn reservation seats ki vajah se .
Please kamse Kam iss reservation Ko education system se hatane ke bare me sochiye .
Me asha karta hu ki iska solution jaldi hi niklega .

1 0 Reservation se sirf loss hua hai desh ko ager cheating kr k Indian team ko umpires easily jeeta denge to jeetne me maza kaise aayega sir team opponents se nazar kaise milayega.Aise umpires ko desh se nikalo sir.

1 0 Dear Sir have u ever thought of meritious Students who belongs to BPL family and GEN category preparing for competitive exams and had already availed education loan for graduation. After completion of graduation these students have family problem , have EMI of education loan , have to concentrate on study also. Many have no proper guidance.
So plz think of this case.
I hope u will think on ground reality.
Hope u will read this post  and will think about.
Thanks a lot

1 0 Dear sir,
I am planning for my start-up,for that I need TIN & VAT no.,I'm try so many times on gujart gov. website, but they didn't pay any attention on it.

0 0 Sir
Humre gaav ki halat bahut kharab hai. Mai isme kisi government ko galat nhi bata RHA hu Qki government humre sarpancho ko Jo amount gaav ko development ke liye deti hai o kam nhi par uska pura use nhi hota hai agar us amount ka pura to nhi agar half v use kiya jaye to gaav me 20 saal tak koi v kami nhi hogi par sir itna corruption hai yaha ki uska surf 10% use hota hai or Hume kichad me jina padta hai to sir iska kuch kijiye a sirf mere nhi har gaav ki samsya hai

0 0 Sir,
I gether that in Maharashtra the Government is going to distribute sweaters to the school children in FEBRURY! This is rediculus. Someone should have thought to work out earlier so that these children should have received the sweaters in NOVEMBER only.

0 0 it is exam session now.  NEET like exam not being conducted transparent and deserving students not able to get the MBBS like seats.  At Transit, State, Exam centre the paper getting leak and sold lakhs of rupees.  Last year leaked in Uttarakhand, varanasi.  Most of the time not exposed and silently sold paper in 100s of places.  This should be stopped and remedial action should be taken. BSF/CRPF/CISF like personnel should be detailed to carry question papers and watch upto exam centres.

0 0 ideas to youngsters appearing for exams
1. Balanced approach - Study, Play, Eat healthy food and sleep well.
2. Must regularly talk to parents & teachers, discuss issues and take their advice seriously.
Long term policy changes
1. Common evaluation reporting system across all boards in schools.
2. Minimum changes to the education models.
3. Move towards Gurukul type of learning system.
4. Start school day with Yoga kriyas.
5. Increase school joining age by 1 year.
Namaskar

0 0 Sir, in the university level the selection of professor just on based interview, while the professor design the future of students. Now a days its not a big deal to have a doctorate degree. Many journals ask for more money to publish your research, and the numbers of research papers denote your total marks in interview. So all aspirants are in the race of publish more papers(real/fake), so no one focus on real research. It should be focus on who and how taking interview of students' future

0 0 Jin logo ka future kharab hua hai  Reservation k wazah se uski jimmedari kaun lega chota kaam inse hi krwane ka irada hai gov ko.

0 0 all the competitive exam taken by different organization like UPSC/SSC/ STATE PSC.the process of completion of examination is very slow.and there is many student which is selected for many (4-5) posts. and  many student which is not selected only a post.
suggestion 
only one organization for every competitive examination
ex
all india 1 exam for different engineering/administration/medical/others group post.
which save money/time/no corruption in exam selection.

0 0 Here tamilans are struggling for their traditional jallikatu ,I may nt be a tamilian bt I support ....is this more important.here lakhs of student are struggling here ...u were a role model fr me bfr nt nw... letting MNC companies to destroy indian traditional cows...

0 0 Sir Jo log reservation ko support krte hai wo pakistani hai aur gadhe hai apna hi desh divide kr rhe.Aaj desh ka jo bhi halet hai inke hi wazah se hai. kya faida hua reservation kr k bhi.

0 0 Need equal education to ALL Country people

0 0 Dear Modi,
                 Respected Sir-Father of youth of 21st century,I admire your Steps towards change in society,Education and in all Feilds.I m here to Pen down a Specific sensitive Issue "Porn videos and Sites" affecting above 70% of the youth and children too.So I m Requesting You to "Block and remove all Porn videos and Sites" which vibes quick and spoils youth soon.As one of the Great leader said "Youth are Our Leaders of Tomorrow"Save Youth from Addiction.Make them Leaders..!!

0 0 Sir IBPS (Institute of Banking Personnel Selection) is an autonomous banking exams conducting body, ALL IS OK BUT..... They do'nt disclose the answer key of any exam. So aspirant can't judge their performance so PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ORDER TO DO THAT they display every candidate's answerkey like RRB NTPC RAILWAY exam............. THANKS SIR, JAI HIND.

0 0 Dear Shri Primeminister, I am an M.Tech studen, I am very sad to say that even your government is working hard, try to reach last people of the society, these officials still having the same behaviour of Congress. I got admission six months earlier but haven't received scholarship yet, you have done your part by allocating the proper funds, but we have not received. Now I am suffering a lot, unable to continue. Many students are affected by this behaviour of AICTE. Please see the issue.

0 0 ग्रामीणों में पानी और ग्रामीणों को बेरोजगारी बचाने का उपाय है मेरे पास,जैसा कि आपको मालूम है कि राजस्थान का लगभग भाग सूखे की मार झेल रहा है,मैं भी राजस्थान में रहता हूँ लेकिन पानी को बचाने के लिए क्या किया जाये? सबसे पहले राजस्थान और केंद्रीय सरकार पानी बचाओ पर मीटिंग करें हर घर में कुण्ड का निर्माण की योजना लाये खर्च आधा सरकार राज्य सरकार उठाये,मनरेगा मजदूरों को वंहा काम दिया जाये 300 रुपये प्रति दिन से,तालाबों की मरम्मत सीमेंट कंकरीट से किया जाये,गाँवो को जागरूक किया जाये

0 0 Sir I'm also a student but I feel very pity to see that the future of our country our youth is participate in crime aaj agar koi ekk ladka kisi ka hath todd deta hai kisi leader kisi gunde ke support pe aur police student samjh ke kuch nahi karti toh iski kya gurantee hai ki wo ladka aage chalkar kisi ka rape nahi karega kisi ka murder nahi karega sir iske liye koi kuch nahi karta na law and order na school authorities Its a humble request please do something about it

0 0 Sir I'm also a student but I feel very pity to see that the future of our country our youth is participate in crime aaj agar koi ekk ladka kisi ka hath todd deta hai kisi leader kisi gunde ke support pe aur police student samjh ke kuch nahi karti toh iski kya gurantee hai ki wo ladka aage chalkar kisi ka rape nahi karega kisi ka murder nahi karega sir iske liye koi kuch nahi karta na law and order na school authorities Its a humble request please do something about it

1 0 Sir student ki sabse badi problem aarkhsan hai.jiska prarup change karna bahut hi aabasyak hai.India mein aarthik aarkhsan lagu hona chahiye.Jo arthik roop se kamjor logo logo ke liye ho phir chahe WO kisi bhi dharam ya jati se aata ho.

0 0 Respested PM sir,
                 I understood the value of ur time so i am writing only important point which i have desire to share with u from many time. plz give ur valuable opinion on these point at ur program "Mann ki baat". I am atteching pdf file regarding my opinion or these point. Please its my humble request to read it.
Regards
Manoj kumar

0 0 In order for India to progress it is must the its people learn the dignity of labor, importance of each profession and service need to be taught in schools from childhood.

0 0 Hello Mr PM,
Parents are behind marks. All parents wants their kid to come first in class. This mentality should change. Students doing "ratta bazi" instead of clearing concepts. You, we and all of us should work on this for better future of our great nation. 
Other thing i want to mention here is, students from premium institutes should work for our country and not for US/Canada. We need such brilliant minds for our country. We need to find a way to retain such talent. 
Thanks,
Prasann

0 0 Dear Sir,
Aaj aapne chote kaam ki baat ki to pehle reservation heta dijiye  uske baad employers ko sudhar dijiye jo chota kaam krne wale ko abuse krte hai .Possible hi nhi hai.Ager private job me taklif ni hota to gov k piche kyu bhagte log.Overload work,No timings,no money.Reservation ne pura ecosystem kharab kr dia.

0 0 Our Education system should change as poland's educational system.Then only india will be a developed country.Otherwise india will still developing up to 2100.Changing our educatiion system is more useful than 500,1000 ban.Please think about this.Thank you.

1 0 i hope parents apne bchcho ko smjh ske

0 0 Just try giving confidence to students ur guidance may destress them as a student i feel dis !!

0 0 सर आप आरक्षण प जरूर कुछ कहे और आप ने एक वादा किया था । कि मार्कशीट प नही क्नॉलेज प जॉब दिलवाने का प्रस्ताव लाएंगे। आप सभी के लिए ऑनलाइन एग्जाम उस चीज का करवाएंगे। न की किसी चीज का इंटरवीवर छोड़ेंगे। सर आप कृपया इस प कुछ बोले।
                        धन्यवाद
                       सुनील झा
नमस्ते।🙏🙌

0 0 *99# is charged 50paise for each time in prepaid mobile currency, it is the major drawback, make *99# cashless transaction service is toll free

0 0 सच प्रणाम
7वा वेतन आयोग हो या 8वा। वेतन तथा दैनिक भत्ता भी साथ में बढेगा
किन्तू प्राईवेट में काम करने वाले भुगतभोगी और बेरोजगार का भी जरूर सोचे जिनकी तनख्वाह 1वेतन आयोग के बराबर है

0 0 first make *99# NUUP service is toll free

0 0 This is all Hindustan ki maan ki baat, please allow PSU and Bhim like app mandatory for all shops with valid TIN number so that Cashless India can be made. Anyshops owners can't say we are not use online payment.
Please think about all Hindustani maan ki baat.

0 0 सुनहरे भविष्य के वाले में और सफलता को ही अपना लक्ष्य समझने वाले ही जीवन में सफल होते हैं

0 0 If only you could do something with RESERVATIONS!we students often get demotivated by this thought that some reserved student will qualify the exam without much hard work.

0 0 માનનીય મોદીજી,
ઇન્ડિયાને કેશલેશ સિસ્ટમ તરફ લઇ જવા કેટલીક મુશ્કેલીઓ છે, ગામડાઓમાં આજે પણ ઇન્ટરનેટની સેવાઓ  ઉપલબ્ધ નથી.  ઇન્ટરનેટની સ્પીડ નથી. વારંવાર ઇન્ટરનેટ સેવા ખોરવાઈ જાય છે. સાયબર સિક્યોરિટી તો બિલકુલ નથી. ગામડાઓમાં શિક્ષણનું પ્રમાણ નહિવત છે. દેશને કેશલેશ તરફ લઇ જવા આ પાયાની જરૂરિયાત વધારવી પડશે.
નોટબંધીના સમય દરમ્યાન જે કાળું  નાણું અને સોના-ચાંદી જપ્ત કરવામાં આવ્યા છે તેની 50 ટકા રકમ પણ જો આ સુવિધા વધારવા માટે ઉપયોગ થાય તો લોકોને કેશલેશ વ્યવહાર કરવામાં વિશ્વાશ પેદા થાય.

0 0 The main problem with poor talented student is they have to support the family and discontinue education. If they can be provided with sufficient education loan to continue education and support family against mortgage of their intellectual property (Certificate), life insurance to take care of unfortunate death. They can refund the loan after completing education and getting service and get the intellectual property (Certificate)released. No talent should waste for want of money.

0 0 SIR, WITH RESPECT I AM SENDING MY VIEWS THOUGH IT WAS WRITTEN EARLIER , SOME OF THEM YOU HAVE ALREADY PASSED BUT THE LETTER IS ONLY FOR YOU AS MY REMARKS . PLEASE FORGIVE ME IF ANY MISTAKE.
BISWAJIT BANERJEE
ALTARA, P.O. MANKUNDU,
P.S BHADRESWAR, DIST. HOOGHLY
PIN 712139
MOB NO. 9432070602

0 0 Some kind of money price for toppers of neet not big just 1 or 2 lakhs plzz

0 0 We belong to Rajput Lohar ( Ghisadi/Gadia Lohar)Cast. We had special tradition of invitations of any function and program. If any one has to give invitation of any function, he has to go to each door of cast member and invite them personally. It use to take minimum 3 days to complete one round of invitation with cost near about Rs 20,000. We inspired by your dream of Digital India and started Invitation SMS. It cost only max Rs1000 now. On 26th Jan17 we will make it compulsion.Jai Digital India

0 0 परीक्षा में जब भी पढ़ने बैठते हों सच्ची लगन और शुद्ध मन से पढ़ो, और अपने सुनहरे भविष्य का सपना लेकर परीक्षा देने घर से निकलों बड़ों का आशीर्वाद लेकर,जरुर हम सफल होंगे

0 0 Mitro vidhyarthi jeevan jeevan ka vo anushasanatmak hissa h jo aapke bache hue jeevan ko ,smaj ko ,desh ko aur yha tak ki vishwa ko ek heere ki tarah jagmaga sakta h. Ath jeevan ke is anmol hisse ka sadu upyog kro.Me desh ke yuvao se anurodh krunga ki aap mann se aur puri lagan se mehnat kre safalta aapke kadam chumegi. Jab aapko kamyavi milti h to khushi sirf aapko nhi hoti balki aapke gurujan v mata pita ko aapse jyada khushi hoti h.

0 0 Respected sir,Indian education system must be based on practical issues which are important for living which includes First aid,Search & Rescue,Yoga,Vedas,Spiritual education,Behavioral education,Stress management,Self control,Swimming,Horse riding,Dancing,Cooking,Administrative learning,Leadership qualities,Disaster Management,Indian culture,Laws and Rules,Singing,Playing Instruments and all other games.These fields must be taught in the early age to children so that they learn them by heart.

0 0 Namaste Hon'bl Shri Narendra Modi ji...A very good iniiative by you to bring confidence among students who are going to give their board exams.
One thing which I want to convey is student should have trust on themselves and they should attempt 100% paper.Students should don't leave even a single question.
Students should take their Water bottles and should drink water in between writing papers.Also student should take some toffes ar chocolates bcoz Sweets decreases pressure and bring calmnes

0 0 The subjects like mathematics,statistics,physics,chemistry,social studies etc. must be taught in higher age.

0 0 As there is BSNL LAND LINE SERVICE , provide BSNL Smart phones with reasonable cost.

0 0 My account balance Rs170.80 in PNB..

0 0 To start semi English school in government and private school and give 100% grants to English medium schools. Now trend is english medium schools. No body stops this trends. English is necessary to progress our india. Without english do not get good job in India and in foreign.
Should be appoint good teaching staff to 1st Standard to 10th Standard. They don't want to go to need private tutions.

0 0 I have no money to take higher education so plz sir send me some amount to take higher education send me some mony in my account .

0 0 Sir,
     May yeh kehna cahata hoon sir ki is desh ka kya hoga ji kyuki yahan par hindustan ageh jaha rah hai wahi par Jammu and kashmir mein aeh din desh drohi harkat ho rahi hai kashmir mei aaj bi pok flag lehra raha tak ek nau jawan akhr jo log is desh ki nhi hosake unko is desh mei rehne ka koi hak nhi hai kyuki sir mei 12december ko gujarat gaya hua tha sir waha parbagwath katha ka programe tha ji sir lekin mei govt empl hon ji rdd dept. Mei ab ageh bataya to bada issue ban jayegha ji

1 0 Sir, what we are studying engineering is not according to today's demand. Hence there must be change in pattern which focuses maximum on practicals and innovation skills. That's it.
               Thank you

0 0 I am B.A Final year student.

1 0 To change in engineering education. Current education system is not useful for doing job. After engineering, student doing job oriented course in private other than engineering degree.

0 0 To change in engineering education. Current education system is not useful for doing job. After engineering, student doing job oriented course in private other than engineering degree.

0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiji,
This time Mann Ki Baat is for youngsters appearing for exams but there is a group of youth pursuing Research Degree i.e. M.Phil. or Ph.D. I have attached a pdf file regarding question of the problem for career opportunities that we research degree holders face. I hope you will consider it.

0 0 Sir, please discuss about the gaps in the Indian education system as it is totally based on Competition and not on collaboration. We need a system where teachers cover up every topic in class and not just finishing by giving 4-5 chapter as homework.Primary education should be improved.And College/University students should have access to higher education with an excellent faculty. Imagine how Finland students outperform every other student in the world.Competitive exams should not be life taking

0 0 Sir all tese private schools have their own rule and we students were gal in a lot of tensions as i tel above my post

0 0 sir kindly pay attention towards the nexus of school, publication houses and dress suppliers. Schools made it mandatory to purchases books and notebooks of a particular publication house that will be available on a particular shop only.also schools force parents to bought school dress from a particular shop. they charge very high and provide a material of a very cheap quality. Kindly look into the matter.

0 0 Sir I'm Akshay Vasa from Rajkot sir i have complain about all private schools in Rajkot. Sir I'm studying in 11th std .Sir i have also like to complain to PM Narendra Modiji that in Gujarat Higher Studies in Commerce Faculty Gujarat Education Board had given two options for 4 subjects in economics and Statistics,computer and secretarial Practice SPCC but all private schools have they own rules regarding the selection of subjects my school is providing only one option in computer and SPCC.

0 0 Why not month of February and March be dedicated to Students and declared " Months of PEACE and PACE ".

0 0 Sir,Aap ne jo IDFC Aadhaar Pay start kiya he vo Abhi tak sab log use nahi kar PA rehe he. Aur IDFC bank bhi koi Response nahi de rahi
#PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov

0 1 Please find the attachment for MAN KI BAAT, Thanks for the opportunity.

0 0 Education & skill is the future of my country. One uniform & best education system is my dream. Extensive use of smart technology & central monitoring of all schools, high quality teachers & Ashrams like schools is the requirement.

0 0 Dear Gov,
My classmate in reservation got less marks than me in college in banking course but he is doing job in Nationalise Bank & I m sitting in home so kindly ask opinion for entrance exam only for reservation.

0 1 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी  में एक पि.दी.ऍफ़. फ़ाइल एटेच कर रहा हु।  इसे गोर से पढ़िए और देश की जनता को बताइए की इसमे कितनी सच्चाई है।

0 0 1) So many students are B.E. ( Electronic and communication) engineers, but no job as per their qualification. Now engineers are doing job in Rs.5000/- to 10000/- in salary. You do something to up in their life. Due to this less salary job , India will not develop in future world No. 1.
3) To give reservation to girl child in education and job.
4) To get admission for engineering and medical for any student of india in any state of this country. Out of state students do not get admission

0 0 Sir,
examinations especially competitive examinations should be held in schools/institutions which have better infrastructure.last year,i had appeared for upsc. what i had experienced,was just terriable.The wooden bench was broken in middle plus the day was rainy and because of broken window on my side im not able to concentrate as i had to save my anssheet frm getting wet.
 we are trying to put all our efforts as a youths but such external hindrance really pushing us backwords.Hoping for soln

0 0 respected primeminister sir
please remove the examination fee.....
for all catagoury of students in competative exams

0 0 a world where fish(students) are no longer forced to climb trees

0 0 Role of Teacher as Career Coach:
Role of teacher is changed from a conventional teacher to mentor. In fact, young teachers are facebook friend of their students. This gives them better opportunities to know more about their students’ other activities. Teachers’ should act as career coach to students because they know about their student’s hidden potential.

1 0 In respect to Mann ki Baat January,2017, I want to suggest that, hon. PM has great vision that, students are the future of nation, for which, Hon.PM is constant concern and implementing student oriented policy, I want to suggest that hon. PM should wishes best to the students for their examination and also appeal to the students that marks and numbers are not only the factor of tellant and knowledge, so students should face exam without and worry of marks or numbers and face the exam,best wishes

0 0 Employment for engineers (mechanical)

1 0 Sir, through 'Mann Ki Baat' i as a student want to share some important reasons because of which students fail in the exams:
1. Not following the trend of exam papers
2.Not reading “wide” enough
3.Not reading “deep” enough
4.Not interpreting questions rightly
5. Not articulating answers well
i want all the students to encounter all such pproblems during exams

0 0 Dear respected PM
  First of all i would like to say you thanks for your historical step agenst the corruption and also for surgical strikes.
  I am the student of BCA. I would like to share my thaught about the role of parrents in exam time .some parrents teach her childreen only for the comparison, like see your neighbour how is he gotten 90% marks then see what you should to do. I mean he can't tell him , how can i get 92% but he can presuersized him to get 92%.so pls tell them about that.

1 0 i put my request in below attachment.

0 0 Sir,though it is not the theme but still in less privilaged schools health n Hb% of students is v low Hb% of 80% is 6_7gm% ours is a small ngo trying to do some but it needs wider n sincere efforts,they r the future.

0 0 Our honourable PM,
With lot of expectation this Government has come with our choice. Now even after couple of years we are not finding any movement of new Heavy and Middle Engineering Industry establishment and open up all closure Mining and Minerals related Industries for various reasons.So where and how employment of fresh core group Engineers / General graduates would get Job? Excessive stress on existing Service in Industries. As no Sales due to Industries loss or closure. Looking to You.

0 0 Shri Narendra Modi ji, I am hugely inspired my your bold decisions, just like the crackdown on black money has began, we need another crackdown on a long forgotten issue - Beggary. we know that the most basic hindrance for India's advancement is Poverty and which is actually exploited by some big mafias running in our country, minimum money collected by a beggar in a day is 1000 rupees and to understand why they keep doing this we don't need high intelligence, its just commonsense.

0 0 Dear Gov,
Many talented & deserving students sitting in home due to reservation how India will progress. Reservation create corruption & break unity.

0 0 PM sir,
Being a student, i would be happy to share one of our major problem & its solution with you. The problem of Noise, generally disturbs the students from preparing for exams. Hence, my suggestion is to declare all the residential areas as Temporary silent Zone during the period of examination across the country. Further, there should be a ban imposed on any public events which may attract & distract the students like FunFairs, Youth Festival.
Thank You :)
#AIR #MannKiBaat #PMonRadio

0 0 Respected PM sir i want to tell that i am fully support with the initiative of less cash economy for digital india but there are some hurdules(problems) in this initiative which are as follows
1- that all bank should reduce or remove the MDR charges and banks should provide pos machines to the merchants.
2-the income tax slabs should have to increase.
3-to reduce the black economy every government office should be fully under cctv surveillance and inspection will be under an honest department

0 0 manniy p.m. mahoday m.p. atithi shikshako ki bahut hi dayniy sitithi hai abam c.m sahb dhayn ni de rhe hai.atithi karib 10 varsho se mtra 2500 ru me 7.30 ghante ki duty karte hai ur ye 2500 ru me se bhi vetan kat liya jata hai .iske sath hi school prabhari ur anay pramanent teachers bhi inke sath achha vybhar ni karte ..manniy kal ak prchary dwara bar bar schol se nikalne ki dhanki ak dete huye uske sath blatkar kiya gya jo ki bahut hi ghranit ghtna hai.mai prathna karti hu aap humari madad kare

0 0 each state has different board syllabus. This affects the students in competitive exams were the questions are prepared common for all the states.for example: in banking exams the cutoff for GUJARAT is 60. the same is 40 in UP.hence the students in GUJARAT who scores 50 but failed to qualify in GUJARAT chosen UP next time.This results in huge unemployment in UP.vacancies in each states should be filled by the canditates of the same state.this should be made mandatory for all the states

0 0 each state has different board syllabus. This affects the students in competitive exams were the questions are prepared common for all the states.for example: in banking exams the cutoff for GUJARAT is 60. the same is 40 in UP.hence the students in GUJARAT who scores 50 but failed to qualify in GUJARAT chosen UP next time.This results in huge unemployment in UP.vacancies in each states should be filled by the canditates of the same state.this should be made mandatory for all the states

0 0 Redevelopment-30000 buildings need redevelopment in Mumbai.Most
developers didn't give conveyance. Please do something. My building is 32 year old. Needs Redevelopment.No body is hearing our cry.
Hope Modiji hear it,before we die in rubbles.

0 0 Honorable Prime Minister sir,
Aj hamare education system me antar hai janha privt.school me student 3rd or 4th me jo padhhate hai wah aj sarkari school me 6 th or 7th me padhhate hai jiske karan aj sarkari school ke bacche competition me pichhad jate hai or jisaki wajah se berojgari badhh raha hai 50 post ke liye 200000 log apply karte hai, we compition fight nahi kar pate.Unka base kamjor hota hai. Aj hamare education system me hum kya changes la sakte hai ?

1 0 Respected PM ji,
1. What is the use of making Hindi as First Language, whereas Complete Education is in English Language. Saransh: Complete Education in Hindi please.
2.Merge Education SSC & CBSE and bring only one National Syllabus.
3.Make Complete Education Free to stop School Business in the Nation.

0 0 We love you PM..Modi.
Just to remind u that our educational system is killing the creativity and thinking skill of a student.This system is completely meaningless,judjing a student by his ability to memorize subjects is not fare.India produces more engineers per year than that any other countries but still there is not even a single programming language developed in India. It's all about passion and interest. Plz take time to review this topic..

0 0 HONOURABLE PM, I WISH TO SUBMIT BEFORE YOU REGARDING INEQUALITY  OF ICSE BOARD IN AWARDING INTERNAL MARKS TO STUDENTS. FOR COMPUTER SUBJECT IN ICSE SYLLABUS 100 MARKS GIVEN IN INTERNAL WHEREAS IN OTHER SUBJECTS SUCH AS SCIENCE, MATHS,HINDI, ENGLISH, HISTORYCIVICS & GEOGRAPHY BOARD IS AWRDING MAXIMUM 20 INTERNAL MARKS. PLEASE DIRECT ICSE BOARD TO MAINTAIN EQUALITY IN AWARDING INTERNALS FOR ALL SUBJECT.DUE TO THIS STUDENTS ARE LOSE THEIR INTEREST IN MATHS & SCIENCE & WE GET LESS NO. OF SCIENTISTS

0 0 Respected PM Narendra Modi Ji, I have gone through CBSE Syllabus --- They have given False History / I will make humble request to update the History.
Ex: They have Few Lines on Veer Savarkar/ Madan Lal Dingra but Glorified Detail lessons about Shah Jahan / Babar etc.

0 0 SIR, I SUGGEST FOR STUDENTS THAT GOVT. HAVE TO INTRODUCE
"INSURANCE" SUBJECT IN SCHOOL & COLLEGES. B`CUSE SO MANY MIDDLECLASS, POOR PEOPLES NOT AWARE ABOUT INSURANCE WHETHER IT IS LIFE OR GENERAL. IN PRESENT SIETUITION EVERY PEOPLE HAVE TO PLAN FROM THEIR CHILDHOOD WITH THE HELP OF PARENTS ABOUT HIGHER EDUCATION OR MEDICAL TREATMENT WHICH IS SO EXPENSIVE. I SUGGEST THAT GOVT. HAVE TO LODGE SEPERATE INSURANCE PLAN FOR STUDENT OF THIS COUNTRY WITH NOMINAL PREMIUMS,SHARE BOTH GOVT. & PARENTS.THNX

0 0 My request to pm Modi Ji.   I am belongs to Villege. In my village the electricity problem is very common. Only 5 hour the electricity is there. Due to this we are suffering many broblems.
Isliye aap se request hai ki gavo ki traf Dhyan dijiye.

0 0 आदरणीय प्रधान मन्त्रि जी,
 आपकॆ मन् कि बात् कर्यक्रम का हमे इन्तजार रहता है,जिसमे हमे आपके बिचारो को जनने का सुअवसर मिलता है,अबकि बार आप छात्रो को सम्बोधित् करने वाले है,मै आपसे निवेदन करुगा आप उन माता पिता को कुछ कहे जो अपने पुत्र या पुत्रि पे अत्यधिक उम्मिदो का बोझ दालते है, छात्र् स्लेबस से ज्यादा अपने पेरेन्त्स कि उम्मिदो के बोझ के निचे दबे होते है,कई बार इसका परिनाम भयावह् होता है, इस लिये इस बारे मे कुछ जरुर बोले, धन्यवाद‌

0 0 Dear PM,
We need to take take step towards making the rural children read. Preference only on mid day meals and free bicycles will not encourage them.we are taking small steps to introduce our Heroes to the children at our school so that they feel proud of being Indians and look at our history with pride.it will also make them take responsibility of building ethics in the society.

0 0 Dear Sir,
With everything now requiring to make presentations, public speaking has become very important. Though there are so many books about the art of public speaking, still they do not have much impact on youngsters. I have never seen a more wonderful speaker than you, sir! You connect wonderfully with your audience. Sir, kindly give some advice to the youth about how not to become nervous while speaking and speak in a convincing manner to persuade the audience.
With regards
Thank you Sir

1 0 Dear sir,
Education is not only necessary for rich peoples but for the poors. But how can poors afford the expense of Convent schools and the condition of government school is so bad that the students aren't getting any knowledge from there specially in my state i.e. Bihar. There must be a provision that the children of every government employees must be sent to government school, due to which the condition of government school will get automatically improved.
Jai Hind Jai Bharat

0 0 My Beloved PM Modiji
Hare Krishna
Mere Khyal Se school me Thoda Gyan Shi Bhagvad Gita Ka bhi Hona Chahiye Shabhi Vishyo me Ek Yeh Bhi Hona Chahiye Jise Bacho Ka Manobal Bhi Badhega or Visvas bhi Or Dher Sara Gyan ..  Yeh Mera Anuman He.   Radhy Radhy

0 0 Cell phone is not allowed at examination hall and its always mention in instruction page of gov exam, mobile phone is prohibited at examination hall. I appreciate it but Exam centers should have locker or any dedicated help desk facility to submit student’s mobile phones till examination hour and return them after exam. Government is taking Examination fee 100 Rs to 700 Rs or more, then why examination center’s managements can’t keep students mobile phone safely.

0 0 Dear sir,
Education is the greatest weapon to kill most of the problem of our life.But the problem we r facing is the hardship that students are not ready to face.We got dejected,when we r unable to fulfill the expectation of our parents even ourselves.So my point is why don't make the education system a bit easy by concept of "visual learning".It's 14 times faster than our previous one.Visual leaning will help the student to grasp the subject easily & even a bit of enjoyable as well.That's it.

0 0 Stem cell treatment for various diseases is very important for a country like us. the medical facilities in our country are very poor. the quality of treatments need to be improved.

0 0 सादर प्रणाम
मेरी भारत सरकार से एक विनती हे की जो भी राज्य के और केन्द्र के सरकारी कर्मचारी और  हमारे द्वारा चुने गये विधायक, सांसद अपने अपने पुत्र पुत्री (बेटा बेटी) को सरकार द्वारा चल रहे स्कूल मे ही पडने का एक आदेश देवे
इससे हमारे स्कूल की दिशा और दशा मे परिवर्तन जरुर आयेगा
आपका अपना
भारतीय बन्धु

1 0 Our Respected Prime Minister, 
We are extremely proud on you.
I am living in Middle East with my family and my Kids are studying in CBSE board in Grade X and Grade VIIII. Due to job loss or other reasons, some time NRI has to return India in the middle of academic session. In this scenarios, very difficult to get admission in India and parents are always worried that kids will loose one year. Please ensure that Kids of NRI gets admission in School in Mid session . Your's sincerely- Kapoor

0 0 Reservation System Is A Curse For Our Country. Because Of It Our Country Is Not Making Progress At The Rate In Which It Should. Most Of The Intelligent People Who Doesn't Comes Under Reserved Category Are Not Getting Good Jobs/Placement, Whereas People Who Are Under Reserved Category Are Getting Good Jobs/Placements Even If They Are Dumb In All The Fields. Please Think On About It.

0 0 Dear sir,
I am pursing my B.Tech in KSOU and completed 4 semuster but there is no update of exames from past 12 months our time, hard word and money is totaly wasted. I request you on behalf of all students of KSOU to provide recognized from UGC to continue our education for our better future and valid all graduation across the States. Plz help us sir.

0 0 Sir I am appearing for NEET this year and I would like to devote my this poem to all youngsters of India which is in hindi "Ant tu Anant tu"

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी से यह आग्रह है कि संलग्न विसंगति एवं अनियमितता का संज्ञान लें व यथोचित कार्रवाई से अनुगृहीत करें। पुलिसथाना-केशवपुरम, दिल्ली-35 के अधीन एवं "संरक्षण-प्राप्त" टेन्ट-माफ़िया सालाना स्तर पर ही देर रात तक डीजे, म्यूज़िक सिस्टम व लाऊडस्पीकरों का दुरूपयोग करते हैं जिससे कि सभी आयुवर्ग के लोगों का मानसिक उत्पीड़न होने के अलावा विद्यार्थियों की पढ़ाई विशेष रूप से प्रभावित हो रही हैं। प्रार्थना है कि माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी इस ओर निर्णाय़क कार्रवाई अंजाम दें। धन्यवाद॥

1 0 RESPECTED PM NARENDRA MODI JI
PLEASE REMOVE THIS RESERVATION CRITERIA...BECAUSE OF THIS RESERVATION CRITERIA ALL OUR INDIAN STUDENTS, COMPETITIVE ASPIRANTS ETC FACING HUGE PROBLEMS.AND BECAUSE OF THIS RESERVATION CRITERIA OUR COUNTRY IS NOT PROGRESSING VERY WELL.THERE ARE SO MANY INTELLIGENT STUDENTS ARE IN OUR COUNTRY WHO CAN DO GOT WORK...BUT JUST BECAUSE OF THIS RESERVATION CRITERIA THEY UNABLE TO GET CLEAR THE EXAMINATIONS...SO PLEASE REMOVE THIS RESERVATION CRITERIA.ITS HUMBLE REQUEST

0 0 Respected sir, i think the time has come to look into the system and make some changes regarding reservation of obc and sc because many people are misusing this. I think there should be a max family income or some other way so that the deserving gets what he deserves.every student if he is obc or not studies equally then why are some people given special attention . There should be equality...

0 0 Go for one country one education system with skill oriented

0 0 #PMonRadio : Dear Modiji, For first time in India, polytechnic students created a FORMULA CAR from scrap. S6 Automobile Engineering students of Govt Polytechnic College, Attingal, Kerala had no sponsorship or any advanced tools. They made money by doing part time jobs. Being their project guide, I promise you that we will come up with a special purpose vehicle for Indian Army in 2018. MAKE IN INSTITUTIONS TO MAKE IN INDIA is our motto. You are our inspiration. Please spare a few words for us.

0 0 विषय- सूचना का अधिकार के अंतर्गत जनहित में जो जानकारी डीज़ल रेल इंजन कारखाना वाराणसी द्वारा आम पब्लिकों को अपने पत्र संख्या पी०आर०/46/सू०का०अ०/012/15 के द्वारा  उपलब्ध कराई गयी के सन्दर्भ में जब आम पब्लिकों द्वारा  प्रधानमंत्री कार्यालय से जानकारी माँगी गयी तो प्रधानमंत्री कार्यालय से आदेशित पत्र संख्या RTI 3228 जो कि सूचना के अधिकार अधिनियम 6(3) के अंतर्गत रेलवे बोर्ड को आदेशित पत्र पर CIC बोर्ड पूर्वोत्तर रेलवे द्वारा पत्र संख्या आर/टी/आई/पीसी/IV/15/692 पर यह निर्णय लिया गया था कि आवेदक को सूच

0 0 RAM RAM SIR ... SIR HUMRE BHARAT DESH  KE ANDER JO SHIKSHA PRAVITE SCHOOL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSIT DI JATI HAIN. OR JO SUVIDA PRAVITE SCHOOL,COLLEGE,UNIVERSITY MAIN JATI AGAR VO SUVIDHA  HUMARE SARKARI  SCHOOL,COLLEGE,OR UNIVERSTY VO SIKSHA MILE JO PRAVITE MAIN... TO SHAYAD  DESH BADAL  SAKTA HAIN... I REQUEST PLZ. JAI HIND

0 0 Dear modiji  I love my India... Happy republic day in advance....
I will happy to see ur work... honesty....am proud to be an Indian bcz of you sir....sir pls more helps to our farmers ....any reservation,any subsidy. 1st preferable give to our farmers...
They are suffering lot of problems...pls pls farmers are gods

0 0 Respected PM Modi sir,
In our india so many villages have no Network and Internet Connection
in case of emergency they don't have signal to call Ambulance and most villagers are dead in late of reaching hospital in the way.Please Solve this problem save the villagers
Villagers and Farmers are backbone to our country
please develop the villages than Metropolitan cities

0 0 The things that youngster should keep in mind are-
a. This just an exam not an life and death situation so don't get anxious or depressed.
b. Study hard in whatever time is left with you. You can't do anything about the time which is wasted but can utilise the maximum of left time
c. Do some exercise every day atleast 15 minutes a day. This will rejuvenate your body.
d. Eat healthy and don't overeat to avoid any kind of laziness.
e. Be humourous and talk to family members.

1 0 As a student I want transparency and zero corruption in entrance exam.If govt.can not ensure us then please stop all this drama and self praise behaviour.

0 0 Indian graduation is 3 yrs and US University is 4 years. We would like Indian Degrees should be credits based and 120 credits should give degree like in USA. In this way, we can match US university degrees. Indian students are studying the same amount of subjects in 3 yrs in India, while in USA 4 yrs. This anomaly making Indians lag behind. Pl help.

0 0 Please share your thoughts on how to incorporate knowledge of Sanskrit at all levels of school and college curriculum, as study of Sanskrit improves learning and critical ability in all other fields, besides grounding the kids in our own culture. Can the government introduce some incentives for achievements in Sanskrit -  best original short story, best essay, poem,play, etc.? How about a Sanskrit Literature Festival to showcase achievements of our youngsters?

0 0 When will karnataka state open university (KSOU) students get justice . Students who took admissions in the year 2013 had to attend their final year exams in the month of july 2013 and degrees had to be completed by the same month. When will the KSOU and UGC issue be solved. All our futures are at stake . We are being rejected for higher studies and most of us are not able to take up jobs, because our degree exams are witheld by the University. When will this issue end. #MannKibaat

1 0 Please Modi Ji for heavens sake get rid of the cast based RESERVATION system..!!!

2 0 Please Modi ji for heavens sake get rid of the reservation system.

0 0 PMJi. I voted for you in 2014 for a great change. I was happy with everything you did but recent ban on Jallikattu has made me really angry. Do you realize that there was a breed in Gujrat that was gifted to Brazil by Gujrat king and now since its extinct we had to pay 50L to get it back. You pay for the same thing you gifted? Nice. PETA is killing our culture and you are in support of it. We need jallikattu and BAN PETA. We dont need a foreign corp dictating what we should do

0 0 Sir namaskar sir bjp ki sata me gujarat ke kuch chote chote gav or sahero me bharshtachar huaa hai jo logh 12/15 sal pahele kangal the vo aaj karodo ki sampti ke malik hai or un logho ne yaha yaha zamin dekhi vaha vaha shop gest house mil fektri or bikao aavash bana dale To please ham garibo ka bhala hooh or hame bhi rahene keliye aavash mile , bharshtachar mukat bharat ek bharat saresth bharat

0 0 Dear pm I have a request to you that please do not conduct the BSNL JTO EXAMINATION through GATE 2017. Because in the electronics and communication engineering branch, it is a special vacancy for ECE STUDENTS AND WHO IS WAITING FOR THIS since 2009. So please think about it. And please increase the number of vacancies in government services including IES... Apka KAUSHLENDRA KUMAR MAURYA.

0 0 sleep for 7 hours is not enough even healthy food like intake of fruits, vegetables, juice, protein content and plenty of clean and pure water is also essential for all children. "There is no substitute for Hard Work".

0 0 Lots of scope in Bilaspur CG,Good connectivity & mobility with other states. It has ability to become sports city+Education City+IT city+Food city+Medical city & slowly slowly infra city.People will attract toward this Railway city only when Gov care.Employment 100%  attract youth.This city can generate employment scope for orrisa,WB,MP,UP etc Ratanpur can be temple city

0 0 Sir we need to have a war footing approach for establishing library of extra curriculum books since primary standards a librarians is a must in every school

0 0 Sir it is really need of the hour to bring in legislation to protect primary and secondary teachers deployment in other works then education. We need teachers totally focused on education and we need a national continuous teachers training and evolution programme for recruited teachers for uplifting their teaching skills

0 0 Those who are appearing in the examinations should sleep at least for 7 hours. While studying take refreshment rest after every 1 hour, so that your brain gets receptive and what ever you study retains in the brain.

0 0 Sir you know while you are young it's just your degree which debut you on job now every where competitive exams so we need to completely remove large / board exams that's why because at the end of the educ education I need to prepare for competitive exams

1 0 Respected Prime Minister,My son is in 12 th std CBSE board from Chennai . He enjoys learning Maths and Physics . At this stage they have to work for marks along with acquring knowledge . Like my son many children are put to great stress because of competitiveness and reservation . Top research based institutes like IISC , IISER should give reservation according to economic status and not caste based . Only then , students who all have research interest will get opportunity to persue their dreams

0 0 Dear Narendrabhai,
I am from Morbi Gujarat. Earlier for Medical entrance in Gujarat it was GUJCET. In which normal calculator was allowed as it was for medical studies. Now it has been replaced by NEET and it will be conducted from Center. NEET is an entrance test for Medical students so Normal calculator may be allowed same it was allowed in GUJCET. For Medical studies and for Doctors Calculator will increase the productivity. So in NEET normal calculators may be allowed please Warm regards

1 0 Sir, Let the students not steady only for the sake of passing the exams. This has made them only 'copy-cats' with no practical exposure and common sense!
Pls pass an ordinance for an Industry-Institute Exchange program where faculties of a school/college will work for a few of years in a relevant industry and come back; similarly few employees from the industry should to come to the school / college to teach to students. Let's also make students to learn some practical skills.

0 1 do we really need reservation..... and if yes then to what extent and whom it should be given must be revised
please do something about reservation in education and job...

0 1 Indian Railways ticket booking system is highly corrupt. Wait listed tickets do not get confirmed till the end though booked three months in advance. When you pay bribe through porter you get confirmed ticket in the same train. I had three consecutive bitter experiences.
I can provide details if some one is interested.

0 1 Sir,
1. Please update the syllabus
2. Use of modern gadgets in exams< like-calculators as allowed in ICSE
3. Reduce the reserved seats from the institutions.

1 0 There should be some financial assistance or concessions in fee/other charges for more than one girl child in public schools mandatory so that some financially weaker parents can do their educational needs fulfilled there also.

1 0 There should be some financial assistance or concessions in fee/other charges for more than one girl child in public schools mandatory so that some financially weaker parents can do their educational needs fulfilled there also.

1 0 sir I want that suggest competition students something  you think that this thing must be do by a competitor. because there is lack of guidance. specially who is from rural area and prepare for exam in his village. if possible some yojana for rural area students it should be done by government.

0 1 Dear PM, give our para military forces equal to what our armed forces are getting including OROP. Both are equally important and dear for our country. Looking to the financial constraints, you may do it in phases. Secondly, do provide each who is on the border or at critical place a bullet proof jacket, pant and helmet. It is their basic need and humanity also demands it. Thank you, Jai Hind. Parveen Gambhir

0 0 Sir
With reference to Competitive Examinations, I would like to state the following for favor of your benevolent consideration.It has been observed that for most of the Group A jobs under GoI, the maximum permissible limit to appear for recruitment is 35 years. However, for Civil Service Exams, the age limit is 32 years/6 attempts (Gen Category). Considering magnitude of CSE,and that students from all strata of society appear,can it be considered of extending CSE eligibility to 35yrs/8 attempts

1 0 Please find attach pdf and I request to Mann ki Baat team please share my pdf with our honourable PM Narendra Modiji.
Thanks
Aarti Rajput

0 0 Dear Sir,
I would like to know your views on the recent mass molestation incident in Bengaluru, ironically "the silicon valley of India".
What steps does Government intend to take to eradicate this social menace?
This question becomes even more important since you intend to talk about board examinations, as children of today become the youth of tomorrow.
In "Technical education" we are progressing but what about the "Moral education" ( for which there is no board examination).

0 0 हमारे देश तो विश्व गुरु मानते है सब पर हमारे देश में जितने भी स्कूल है सब के किताब अलग है यहाँ तक की इतिहास भी एक होकर भी भारत का इतिहास
किसी को नहीं पता है. सभी राज्य अपने इतिहास जी किताब प्रिंट करवाते है जिससे हमें भी समझने में परेशानी होती है. सो मेरा मनना ये है की पुरे देश में
एक की किताब लागू होनी चाहिए.
इ-पाठशाला  के मदद से गरीब बच्चे भी बिना किताब के पढ़ी कर सकते है पर उसके लिए भी बिजली की जरुरत होगी हमें एजुकेशन के साथ - साथ डिजिटल इंडिया को भी आगे बढ़ाना चाहिए

0 0 Dear ModiJi,
I'm currently studying at QUT, Brisbane, Australia. looking at the word limit, I'll directly come to the point. My suggestions are,
1. All the Indian colleges & universities can get digitally & technically sound so that we can raise our global education standards by all aspects.
2. We can develop our educational institutions' websites.
3. We can start using & exploring BlackBoard system in our colleges/uni.
Native & global connect are equally important in system.
Thank You!

0 0 It is no business of Government to give jobs. Government's job is to provide infrastructure to create jobs.

0 0 About 10 to 20 minutes of Yoga Asanas / Pranayama / simple exercises' will definitely help even during these exam days.

0 0 आदरणीय
11th की इंग्लिश बुक राजस्थान बोर्ड बहुत ही अतर्कसंगत है जिसका कोई भी पाठ ऐसा नहीं है जिसका कोई अर्थ समज आता हो lacturer के भी पल्ले कुछ नहीं पड़ता उसको बदली की जाए ओर ऐसी बुक हो जिसका जीवन में काम आए दैनिक जानकारी से परिपूर्ण हो
धन्यवाद

0 0 Dear Modiji
I am pursuing Engineering last year k have filled various job form and pg entrance forms. I want to ask on   the govt plans to provide people employment.In present many of highly educated people are jobless, I want your opinion on this...

0 0 Dear Sir
         I would like to bring a suggestion in front of you. As  you know that in your last speech you told that only 24 Lakh people are filing IT Tax. can we open a program from village school from class one when he join the school we can run a campaign and provide him PAN Card, he should know about his duty from School life and same we can do for farmer also. gram Panchayat and local body can run this campaign which will make user to aware about IT tax filing.

0 0 The syllabi for all courses must be reviewed and updated periodically.The competition is on an ever increasing high.So,the right skill and knowledge plays a crucial role in the success of an individual..!!

0 0 Respected Sir
RTE and Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan were thought to bring revolutionary changes.But apart from increasing the overall enrolment ratio,I believe the plans have failed when it comes to other areas like learning outcomes,the higher dropout rates especially among girl children,the teaching pedagogy that emphasises more on rote learning instead of inculcating the right required skills.
Kindly make provisions for more vocational educational institutions so that required skills are given..

1 0 Dear PM it is a matter of pride for me to write to you. After 8th standard, kindly make education trade, business, or occupation oriented. This will help so many students who either cannot study due to their circumstances or have lost interest in books. The books should also teach practical things to help a child to grow. Thanks for inviting suggestions and allowing me to write to you. Jai Bharat. CA. Parveen Gambhir

1 1 Respected sir,
 kya aisha possible nai ho sakta ki Reservation sirf study tak hi milna chahiye,job me nai. Job khud use apne kabiliyat pe milna chahiye. job me to reservation milta hi hai yaha tak ki fee me bhi reservation milta hai.ye general cast walo ke sath galat ho raha hai.

0 1 Dear modiji
Reservation se aaj hamara desh barbaad ho rha h
Jo talented h unhe unka hk milna chahiye

2 0 Dear PM, please advise students to avoid rote learning/copy paste education. Please read my opinion in world topmost science magazine Nature [ http://www.nature.com/news/stop-teaching-indians-to-copy-and-paste-1.20157 ], parents should be advised not to pressurize their kinds to opt for any specific profession/carieer especially doctor/engineer/Civil Service, instead encourage their innovative power & possible admit them in govt schools.

1 0 Honorable PMji, make it mandatory for every govt employee, politicians to educate their children through govt schools which may result in the improvement of infrastructure and other facilities in those schools. Only this implement can change face of the nation. "Moral Education is a must need of today."

0 0 Namaste Modi ji, i wish to give a suggestion for young India that please don't prepare you for only examination or report cards, you should prepare for your own knowledge and understand it in your own way and apply it in your life.Thank you.

0 0 respeceted modiji all curuuption wil close and education cheap then all indian read

0 0 Sir,
I am a student of WBBSE. Though this year we have a massive change in the education & exam structure; though in class X we have to learn all subjects like history & geography along the sciences, which is unlike the ICSE board. This is very disappointing for students who only want to learn the sciences.
It is my earnest request if kindly look into the matter.
Thank You Sir.

0 0 We are proud of our young population but if this generation of young people is not handled well, we will be missing a huge opportunity for betterment. Education plays a critical role in over-all development of students. We all know the state of our government-run schools. The libraries and govt-run schools can be leased to private entities making a PPP. At least better quality education will ve accessible to all these school children. Thank you

0 0 Shriman pradhanmantri mahoday
Mai aap se request krna chahta hu ki aap education area m reservation pe kuchh badlav kre jisse achhe student ko uska hk mile.
Sir aap agr reservation dena chate h to de but aap enko financial support bhi de skte h.
Sir km se km aap education ke area ko aap kuchh kr skte h . Please
Sir aap reservation m bhi kuchh policy la skte jaise ki aap kisi bhi category m agr koi gov. job wala ho to aap usko reserve category se bahr kr skte h.
Sir please aap se request h.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Schools and universities should only accept the fees through student's or guardian's bank account. No cash should be accepted at any point of time. Only the schools registered with Government should be into existence. Profit making schools and universities should be having higher tax limits so that they concentrate more on education rather than making money. Or you can make a law stating that only non-profit organizations and institution can run a school.

0 0 Respected Sir, I am writing this post at a time when small school children get killed because of road accidents . come winter in India and there is increase in the number of such accidents . Why cannot the school timing be shifted to one or half hour back from what they are now ? This concerns me because I have a child who has to report in school by 7 a.m . Such school timings are real torture for all the parents and there school going children of pre-nursery to class IV students.FUTUREINDIA

0 0 Respected sir,
Ges subsidiry ki pehel aap ki kafi sarahniye hai,mera aap se anurodh hai ye ges subsidi sab se pehle politician pe lagu karni chahiye.Hamare desh ke politician abhi bhi ges subsidi ka labh utha rahe hai.ges subsidi chorne ka rule politician pe compulsary kr dena chahiye.

0 0 Today students not study for excel education and society before that they thought a way of earn money. Earlier students thought was concentrate on study before earning but today students 1st think for way of earning and think about study after examination notice including with thought of earning way.

2 0 Please advise students to avoid rote learning/copy paste writing as per the message of my article "Stop teaching Indians to Copy & Paste" [ http://www.nature.com/news/stop-teaching-indians-to-copy-and-paste-1.20157 ] published in world topmost science magzine Nature. Students along with parents should be encouraged to admit their wards in government school, rather in private school. Parents should not pressurise the students to opt for any specific carrier/no pressure.

1 1 Reservation job me nahi di jani chaihiye. Uske badle use padhai me economic help kar dena chaiye jo needy person hain.

0 0 Hi sir
      What to talk about so many have no jobs in private and gov if we know te government is hiring no body will give online application if know so many do not no how to apply this should be transparent there should be no cast every one is equal .so many gov officers recommend there now guys to require to work why is like this u should tell in news or by e mail directly no middle brokers wo work for bribe

0 1 Respected sir,
Hamare desh ki army din raat desh ki sewa kr rahi hai.phir bhi un logo ke sath insaf nai ho raha. jo apne jan ki parwah kiye bina desh ki seba kr rha hai,use TEX dena par raha or hamare desh ke politicians ko TEX free hai.Asal me hamare army ko TAX free hona chahiye.is or aap ko dhiyan dena chahiye.
meri ek salah hai politician ke salary se jo tax katega wo army fund me jana chahiye.

1 0 Dear sir, today education being a business for all the profit holder.All wanted to earn money through this department.State government also lose their reputation by many ways like in results.Main thing is that they also decrease the level of study and syllabus. in all new book nothing is intresting those who attract the student. my suggestion is that,that all the board work under the centeral gov. and also syllabus & book is introduced under best person of central goverment.

1 0 Sir, my suggestion is to increase passing marks from 35% to 50% so, the student can learn more and get more knowledge. Increase Quality in schools, increase infrastructures and other necessary things. FIx up the responsibility of teachers also for poor results. Introduce Aadhar enable attendance system upto graduation level.

0 1 Respected prime minister,
1.the reservation should be considered only for the financial support not for meritorial selection in govt. recruitment
2.a)There should be an introduction of new subjects in the academics which are dealing with spiritual quotient like Bhagavat gita ,yeah i know India is a secular country it can't encourage any religion so ,it would be better if a book is to be introduced which is a mixture of philosophy of all religions

0 0 sir competitive exam held in metro city not in all cities ,and in board exam  is show copies of all papers #AIR

0 0 Namaste Modi ji, the examination process should be digitalised in major way so that we can control over the question paper leaks and answer papers should also valued digitally

2 0 शिक्षा की गुणवत्ता बढ़ाने तथा शिक्षा को ज्यादा से ज्यादा व्यवहारिक एवम् व्यावसायिक रूप से सक्षम बनाये जाने एवं परीक्षाओ  को तनावरहित बनाये के लिए हर कक्षा में अधिकतम 25 से 30 बच्चों को ही प्रवेश दिया जाय।

0 0 And the school/ educational institutes are fully business minded...working more than 11 hours including transport. And mostly schools did not provide sufficient play ground and PET. Now a days children not have sufficient time for traditional playing. Give your ideas abt this

0 0 PM sir , aaj bhi hamri school me bache k liye achi education nahi h...vese hogi bhi kaha se aarakshan ki vajah se 100 me 5 number laker bhi jib per laga jata h to vo kya padhyega. Or aaj kal bacho per study or number ka itna pressure h ki aaye din suside ho rahe h. Plz sir aakarshan or school dono me sudhar ki jarurat h. Plz kuch kariye.

0 0 Hon'ble PM, Students carry heavy school bags which is due to test books & Note books. Innovative technology may be devised to reduce weight of Text books/Note books which can reduce burden on younger generation thereby reducing health issues in future.

0 0 Respected Sir,
As a part of Education I only give suggestion that please make the Percentage of students to take admission in colleges for medicals and engineering. As now a days we have seen for the requirement of Anamat is more. I suggest you that you increase the limit of 40% to 60to65% for the students. So that will give them also to learn hard and that will increase their knowledge also for the subjects otherwise they know that we will get admission in any college as required by them.

0 0 2. Elaborating on this point, I'm looking to pursue computer science. For admission, I'll be tested on physics, chemistry and maths! You see, i won't be tested on computer. I understand physics and maths may be important for computer science but again, chemistry is not important. I give this just as an example of various errors in our education system.

1 0 Modi Sir please Petrol ke daam (price) Kam karo bus ye hi he hamare liye

1 0 Sir , aaj ka yuva aarakshan jesi bimari se sab se jayda dukhi h , plz sab to is me kuch sudhar karo .mene aaj ek exam ka from bhara jis me sc /obc sab k liye laga post , fir un ko age me chut milti , fir gen catagory ki fee 1000 or sc ki kuch nahi ,ye kaha ka insaf h. Modi aap hi kuch kar sakte h, garib gen catagory wala kaha jayega , kaha se layega 1000 rupees. Pl kuch to sudhar karo is me .

0 0 Respected Sir,
Patriotism should a compulsory subject to all the boards and states and should be taught by an retired army officer. This will help build up a better nation and at the same time, the retired personnel will be provided with a secured job.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Patriotism should a compulsory subject to all the boards and states and should be taught by an retired army officer. This will help build up a better nation and at the same time, the retired personnel will be provided with a secured job.

0 0 Hi i have done my graduation from KSOU and now the UGC recognition is removed for the university. There are thousands of students like me who are in trouble because of this. We r nt allowed to take up masters from recognised universities and also in the job the degree is invalid. What about our future? Because of the university's mistake why HRD ministry is playing with our lives? Feeling totally depressed and lost every hope on this issue. Needs immediate address on this issue.

0 0 Respected Sir,
Please make a system where the scanned copy of checked and marked answer papers and sheets are available online.
With the help of digitization, we can improve the examination system. Once the exams are over, teachers are loaded with thousands of answer papers to check. Many of the corrupt  teachers due to many unreasonable reasons, checks the answer papers incorrectly.This can be corrected until the whole examination system gets online.

0 0 Respected Sir
waise to kehne ko bahut kuch hai, par sab se bada muda hai RESERVATION. kya hum log un logo ko is kabil nai bana sakte ki unhe RESERVATION ki jarurat hi na pade.RESERVATION de ke hum un logo ko or apahij bana rahe hai.RESERVATION un logo ko milna chahiye jise jarurat ho na ki cast besis pe. sc/st me bhi aise log hai jinhe RESERVATION ki jarurat nai hai phir bhi unhe mil raha hai, general cast me aise bhi log hai jinhe sahi me RESERVATION milna chahiye unhe nai mil pa raha hai.

0 0 Prime Minister ji, as 'black marketeers were controlled thru 'demonetization',pl. control people in education business who issue fake degrees after receiving 'Kick Backs'from people.Save Indian Brains thru real education.

0 0 Honorable PM of India
My idea is please banned the peoples surnames and replace with the adhar card no.
example- sanjay 8254 8526 **.... India will be a super power country next day....
due to these old fashion surnames india not work properly......like every goddess dont have any surnames but there is a name which identify the god.... and that was sufficient for identification.....hope you understand it..

0 0 Sir, I'd like to express my concern on a few important points. I'll be appearing for JEE this year and am looking forward to pursue a career in computer science.
1. Reservation is the biggest problem. Around ½ seats are reserved in institutions of higher education. This means that general category students don't get an equal chance to get education.
2. The syllabus needs to be changed! Not only in primary education but also in college level entrance. Especially for entrance exams!

1 0 Respected Prime Minister Modiji,
I thought that students are learning more from
TV, Internet than traditional books and games. We have to
rethink the education process as what we are follow
ing is not producing good human beings. They all
are well educated students. They can't solve real l
ife problems.

0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir,
Congratulations on having chosen this utmost important subject of students. We aught to ensure their best possible growth in every respect and manner. The western influences have dealt a big blow to the pious values of our Indian culture, which has undermined the moral standard of the students. Please guide the students to pay regards (salutation) to their parents every morning, and the rest will automatically be okay.
Best Regards,
Shekhar

0 0 Dear Gov,
kindly create competition between Raipur & Bilaspur, Bilaspur guys play football, Badminton, Vollyball,Cricket  but we don't have international infrastructure & sports Academy.

0 0 (2/2) money. Please give me solution of this as there is no procedure to complain. Nobody is taking responsibility. Nobody is talking to you and no picking up the phone. Only they are using us to create funds for themselves. Where a common is defaulter in that. They are not putting anything on website about selections and people are selected internally as it happened in Delhi University (I assumed). Can we not make any strict rules and regulations for exams conducted by theses institutions.

0 0 Respected prime minister ,We (India ) is moving towards a digital world.So you're mainly focused on making India digital under the digital India movement .So I would like to suggest that every exam in India which are being took should be made online so there is less chance of cheating and result will be available immediately so student doesn't have to worry or take stress something like that.

2 0 Dear sir,
I want you to see as the next PM again . For that purpose i am giving this suggession.
Kindly take some initiative to link adhar number with Votor ID, so that any person can do VOTING at any part of India, without coming to home village/town . Mostly who stay away from their home town for studies/jobs
There will not be any chance of duplication,as the adhar number will track the finger print . Otherwise due to so many unavoidable reasons, mostly all such people unable to do voting

1 0 (1/2) Dear Modiji,
My next problem is with different institutions, boards and universities. They declare the vacancies but with no exam dates. Some goes for years. After that vacancy was cancelled and no procedure for refunding the money which they take at the time of registration. As it happened in MPPSC for Assistant Professor, UPHESC for Assistant Professor, DU and its various colleges. I am having full details of each of the above exams. They really don't care with the people's hard earned

1 0 Respected Sir,
1) Make it clear that percentage and marks have limited role for achieving progress in life.
2) Basic understanding and application of the gained knowledge is more important aspect.
3) Research is providing ample information to be utilized for our benefit.
4) Kindly suggest importance of recitation of Sanskrit shlokas.

0 0 hello sir,
Every person in India has AADHAR CARD, what is the need of VOTER ID CARD. Can we use aadar card in VOTING for election. If we use aadar based voting system every person(who stay in different state) can contribute our vote for make INDIA batter.
            thank you

1 0 Appreciate to give this opportunity.Every education should be application based and not theoretical.
And if a student has inclination towards sports then can we think of education which build his career in sports from childhood?
I know parents as well as children have lot of pressure when kid have to appear for 10th and 12th exams. Students of India can't ace in exams without studies. Can we arrange open book exams ?

0 1 Dear Modiji,
There are so many people on this platform writing you about to remove the reservation but the problem is that no one is giving the solution how can we do that. Please click on the link below to know my idea on limit the reservation which I have put on change.org. I hope only you can implement it as you did with black money.
https://www.change.org/p/narendra-modi-after-black-money-now-take-action...

0 1 Dear Modiji,
There are so many people on this platform writing you about to remove the reservation but the problem is that no one is giving the solution how can we do that. Please click on the link below to know my idea on limit the reservation which I have put on change.org. I hope only you can implement it as you did with black money.
https://www.change.org/p/narendra-modi-after-black-money-now-take-action...

1 0 Respected Prime Ministerji,
PFA of PDF file

3 0 The biggest social problem India is facing right now is RESERVATION, please sir, do something in this case.
Due to the reservation peoples are leaving India for better opportunities, around 38% of NASA employees are Indian, so as Microsoft, why did they leave sir,
what did they didn't get in India, they left because of unavailability of something that they can't tell it to others, now imagine a new NASA and Microsoft and Nadela and Pichai in india, this is my humble request to look into this

0 0 Do Practical things not theoretical or Survey basses syllabus and also provides 100% Placements
Every year lakh of student having Graduate and master in home or go to farming due to not available jobs

0 0 student ko competition bhul kar coordination se padhai karni chayie , group mein discuss karke, ek dusere se knowledge share karke.

0 0 13)Teachers will not be assigned any non teaching work.As per some recommendation by a govt panel. Is it going to happen?

0 0 The multi level reservation in education as well as jobs and also for recipient of scholarships is not good for our development. I request to have the backwards to be provided with adequate help for education but for JOBs and all reservation of any kind must be abolished. The reservation at jobs results in less educated and knowledgeable person to be ranked higher and thus leads to a bad pool of  brain in government PSUs and improper functionality.

1 0 Dear PM Modi Sir,
Kindly digitize the study materials to avoid kids carrying heavy weight bags with books and also make the class rooms with digital based teachings.  Appoint qualified dedicated service oriented teachers, HMs.  Ensure school syllabus, teachings and exams are conducted in line with international standards (USA and UK standards) at all the schools whether it is private or government schools.   Avoid bribes in the form of donation. Ensuring nurturing of moral, good habits in schl

0 0 Dear Sir, I would like to share one famous quote by Albert Einstein "Everybody is genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid" I wish that we should provide the selected chances to the students as per their ability and wish and we should not force them to study the subjects, they won't like. For, example if a student wish to go for research in a particular area, he should be provided degree and facilities for that.

0 0 9)Curriculum updation -we are still following syllabus designed 10 years ago.when will it update?
10)Skill India - where can one register or find info about courses provided under skill India.
11)As mobile phones are banned in schools where will students learn about digital transaction,internet security related issues.
12)Highly competitive exams.

0 0 There is a need to review the syllabus of IAS exams. Likely done in the Engineering Services Exams. The courses which is useful for an IAS officer must be incorporated in the syllabus rather than the current less appropriate syllabus as History and essay etc. Current affairs and Political Science is good as to be part of syllabus.

0 0 Please talk about the digitisation in education. It is the topmost need of the time now. Childern's imagination skills need improvement. Please talk about education system of FINLAND. It is amazing. We need to learn from them. Students need to see many paths in front of them instead of these few options which they are shown right now.

1 0 Modi ji
parnam
sir mera views he ki padhai ke sath sath  2saal kissan(khetai sikhana) 2 saal jawan (sainik) ki padhai karne wale ko reservatation de iske kai fayde he 1st aarakshan pe jang khatam, practical anubhav hoga jaise aaj hamare prime minester jamin se jude he , agar student bhi  ye anubhav lega to kisi bhi  digree wale se jayada output de payega jaisa aaj  ke hamare prime minister de rahe he ,

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Engineers are persons who are responsible in evolving the globe,but has anyone thought how they are evolved?The 2 questions i would like to ask government as a student is:
1.If IITs&NITs are having the best possible education why dont all colleges have affiliation with IITs instead of Local University?Everyone has right to Best education.
2.If education is for all why there is reservation?And if you yourself want to get judged on basis of report card,why cant we ask the same?

0 0 Respective sir, Sir hum Garib General parivar se hen., Pitaji kisan he. ghar pe ek din accha khana bi naseeb hota,lekin hum dukhi nehi hen....Ghar ka halat kharab hai....,   sir abh mera computer science ka graduate chal raha hai,loan to mil nahi raha he....isiliye padhai karne keliye khud bi mazdoori karna padta hai aur unhi paiso se apna college fees bharte hen..  sir abhi upar se govt job keliye bhi 300,600,800 pay karna pad raha hai... sir kuch kijiye...  kuch to waive kijiye..

0 0 Dear PM Modi Sir,
Controls to be placed in all Educational Institutions to avoid education institutes receiving bribes in the form of donations for new enrolments. Also, ensure all educational institutions have all the facilities, revamp the current educational system to have more research/practical based exams in line with USA.  The proportion of students Vs. Teachers to be maintained.  For other suggestions please review attached file.

0 0 માનનીય શ્રી 
નોટબંધી પછી ઉત્તરોત્તર CASH WITHDRAWAL LIMIT ખાસ બચત ખાતા માટે વધારવાનું કોઈ કારણ નથી.  (હાલની CASH WITHDRAWAL LIMIT 24000 અઠવાડિયાની  96000 PER MONTH )
આટલી ઉંચી આવક વાળા વધુમાં વધુ 20% લોકો હોઈ શકે કે જે ભણેલા હશે અને ડિજિટલ ટ્રાન્જેક્શન કરી શકશે 
ઓછી આવક વાળને વધુ રકમ CASH WITHDRAWAL નો કોઈ અર્થ જ નથી એવું હું માનું છું.

0 0 Respected PM, I am father of 11 year old daughter. She is my only child and proud of her. Her school bag weight is increasing heavily with each passing year. She is in 6th but carrying heavy bag. She started having her menstruation cycle for past few months and worrying for her to carry huge weight in difficult times. As we have cashless and digital initiatives, can't we do digital in education too?

0 0 Namaste sir
Main Kishor Popalghat
Aurangabad, Maharashtra  se hun mera ek Sawal hai ki
Kyun hame itna purana itihas puchha jata hai veer pursho ka toh thik hai magar aise sawal kyun jaise mughal ke marne ke baad uske gaddi pe kon baitha,uske biwi ka naam kya tha aise kyun? Isaki toh kahi bhi zarurat NAHI hoti phir aisa kyun.
Aise sawalo ke wajah se main pichale saal police nahi ban paaya.

0 0 1)Discarding No detention policy by MHRD
2)decision of making 10th class boards mandatory
3)Exit exams for engineering students
4)Teachers vacancy,under-qualification in govt school & universities
5)guest teachers issue
6)Reservation in education institutes
7)quality education
8)un-employ-ability of engineering graduates

0 0 pm ji main aap se ek hi vinti kar karta hu aapne he desh ki apni history galat padai jara rahi hai 1 to 10 classes ku usme hamare desh ke raja ya yodh ka koi mahatva nahi diya gaya hai aur bahut sari bath hai jo hamme padana hai wo nahi pada re hai iss se aane wali pidi ku bahut hi confusing hoga jaise hum log ho rahe hai

0 0 sir,
to change country change need to be started from youth,
if school going get bank account & debit card,this will make them aware of using plastic money at young level
to protect them from unusual spending
withdrawal of money should be prohibited
accept school fee payments from the card only
cap of max. bal. of 2000 rural and 5000 urban will help them in spending money rationally
parents can give pocket money in their bank acc. this will ensure where their child is spending money.

0 0 I would like to discuss for Education without reservation. Allow 100% free education to scholar students .It will automatically removes reservation from all categories. Jai Hind

0 0 Namaskar Honrable PM g,
    kindly consider my thoughts for nation interest.
1. scrap reservation system completely; provide economic assistance only needy people.
2. start Afforestation as a public campaign: its pain from our heart to take polluted breath in cities. an idea please everyone do plantation on his/her birthday.
3.please make fair selection procedure for Uttar pradesh veterinary doctor post.: we are victim for present corrupted selection procedure.

1 0 DEAR MODI SIR,
I REQUEST YOU TO CHANGE COMPETITIVE EXAM PATTERN. IN ALL KIND OF BANKING EXAMS THERE IS A ENGLISH SUBJECT BUT THERE IS NOT OPTIONAL SUBJECT HINDI  MOTHER TONG LANGUAGE   OR REGIONAL LANGUAGE I REQUEST YOU TO CHANGE THIS ENGLISH EXAM PATTERN BCOZ SO MANY TALENTED STUDENT ARE NOT QUALIFY JUST BCOZ OF THIS ENGLISH LANGUAGE.AND YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND SIR THAT MOST OF OUR YOUNGSTER IS FROM RURAL AREA AND MOST OF HIS/HER STUDY IS COMPLETE IN HIS/HER REGIONAL LANGUAGE SO ...............

0 0 dear sir with due to respect i want to say that i am a student of bihar board and for exam  how type of questin paper given we need a model pqper but sir yet on bihar board website physics model paper is not avalible .i am student of12 class .teacher dont cheak copy well so i am very scared.and thats all i am happy that i am giving my board exam

0 1 Make Indian Competitive Exams Free Of Caste.......Or Atleast Introduce Creamy Layer In All Catogories

0 0 The text books of CBSE and NCERT need to be evaluated again to remove unnecessary depth of topics which are not at all used in employment or even serve to increase any general knowledge. School education has become only rote learning 'stress' for tender age children. practical learning is still low and not used for assessment. Moral education also needs to be given equal or larger weight-age so that students can become good individuals.

0 0 vande mataram...pmo karyakarta mahodaya yeh mahina main kitna... hue hain....grievances main ginti kiye hain...?adaraniya secretary mahodaya kitna bardast karte hain dekhte hain...home/finance minister/s ko samaya depate hain kya?adaraniya pmo karyalaya chiranamasya...aap ke samne hawaka jhonke hain...samne main ayen...kitna selfie lenge...

0 0 Dear Prime Minister, First thing you must do is provide CAST FREE EDUCATION. See how students are suffering because of Reservation seats? Isn't demotivating ????

0 0 adaraniya pmo karyalaya katrupakhya,adaraniya pm mahodaya,sahayogi karyakarta mahodayon ko pranam...naya naya scheme chalane main jamta hai...sahayog karen...bachon kahusi sabse aham hai ek pariwar keliye,parents keliye...adaraniya secretary mahodaya pmo karyalaya se pyar padhayen...digital complete nahin hue hain..aur samaya hain...swachh bharat mission adhura hai...complete karen...

1 0 Respected sir,I have completed my graduation and doing study for competitive exam ,I always seen that some exam fee is too much as 600,800,1000.Many students are wish and capable to do competitive exam always exam fee become problem as this exam fee should be same for all category and should be maximum 100 rs  and I think there should be same category wise seat for all. #MannkiBaat

0 0 bande utkala janani...bachon ka khusi...ek parents keliye aur kya honge?...

0 0 One India one school evry man

0 0 Regarding caste-free education as suggested by Abhimanyu Sanap, caste-based system was a trap set up by the British colonialists for dividing Indian Hindus, which was somehow continued with by successive governments even after independence, for what purpose is anybody's guess. The present govt will surely do its best to do away with this menace.

0 0 Study plan will certainly help you in preparing well before your exam. Always keep in mind that a good strategy always help you in attaining desired results. Put your best efforts, stay cool during exam period, get good sleep, pray god and take your  parents blessings before you go for exam. If you follow what I am saying, you certainly do well in the exam and pass with flying colours- Your mate-Iyer ( Balaji Devotee from Melbourne-Australia )

0 0 Two useless prime ministers of the great India-
Manmohan Singh -silent mode
Narendra Modi- flight mode
@narendramodi
@OfficeOfRG

0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I am a student and all my thoughts and views are from a student's point of view. Since, we are in a era where we all trying our level best to eradicate all kinds of inequality and disparity among all of us in all aspects of living. I have some questions Why can't we have caste free education in our country? Why can't students of our country get selected in competitive examinations and job opportunities simply on their personal caliber, knowledge and wisdom?

1 0 I am going to discuss the education requirement in rural areas as far as India concerns to achieve 100% literacy. Since there is limitation of number of words, I put my thought in Pdf and posted below.
Thank you

0 0 Sir
I want to focus on unnecessary wastage of papers and resulting in trees and environment.
In many school, there is rule that in each and every year class books will be changed.
Due to this, parent can not reuse any book from anyone. And they are purchasing books again & again.
Sir this is wasting of lots of tons of papers on every years, and resulting wasting of trees, environment, money.
So i want that school can't change book on and every year. They can change only when government say.

0 0 NAMASTE HONOURABLE PRIME MINISTER MR. NARENDRA MODI JI, I WANT TO SUGGEST WITH THIS SITE THAT  PLEASE GIVE ME SOME CHANCE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DIGITAL INDIA PROGRAM. PRESENT TIME I TAUGHT SOME PEOPLE HOW TO USE CASHLESS ECONOMY LIKE DIGITAL MARKETING, E-CASH AND SOME OTHER THINGS.
PLS GIVE ME YOUR BLESS
AN INDIAN AND A STUDENT
PRADEEP KASHYAP
FROM GOVT POLYTECHNIC KANPUR
APPEARING DIPLOMA IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
                  THANK U

0 0 I don't think any political party or all of them together can remove caste based reservations in education. Reservations create a negative mindset for all the students and it impacts the students appearing for exams in both general as well as reserved categories. To bring best out of the students an equal ground on merit has to be created.

0 0 Dear Sir,
I am a mechanical engineer pass out 2016 batch. present education level very low for survive the global market. because me present time handle this problem. Present m na to College m sahi faculty h or na hi practical instrument abhi agr aapko engineer bnna h to aapko only ratna aana chahiye yha pr practical to bus exam m dikhane ko hote h. aeshe bht se college ke nam to m v bta skta hu. M bus itna chahta hu jo problem hm sub ne face ki h wo hmare juniour na kare.

0 0 parcel stopped at Kolkata since 25 days.after so many complained and so may MSG forward through twitter,so many mails and cl it possible,i know the twitter and the procedure may b it possible.so many people are not know about procedure like my parents and villagers aged person so how can they slove the problem??

0 0 Sir,
 I found the theory we do does not help in our paractical work.  We should have skilled practical carriculam in our schools which help the students for getting good jobs and opertunities in their future.

0 0 Sir these days students are getting stressed out because of various pressures, and not just study. They are told not to take stress but no one tells them how to avoid stress? For some taking stress has become a fashion, not realising its dire consequences. I therefore request you Sir to incorporate breathing techniques like Sudarshan Kriya and relaxation techniques like Meditation in the academic curriculum which are the sure shot way to eliminate stress and prepare us for any difficulty.

0 0 Sir;I have a good idea about health and welfare of a poor people. Many doctors in our country while prescribing the medicine he/ she is nor writing the exact chemical name of a medicine but writing a company specific name which may be a new product of a new company by this way the doctor is able get the good commission for a particular area from the company. In this way a doctor's intention is to extract the money but not to serve a patient with proper medicine with affordable amount.Pl look

0 0 Respected Sir, As part of digital money and digital India program you are encouraging people to go with Cash less transactions.But we are paying gateway charges or transaction charges for sites like IRCTC, LIC, GAS, Electricity Bills, etc. for cashless transactions. These gateway transaction fees collected by only GOVT companies. Where as private companies not collecting any charges.

0 0 there is no doubt that exams create tension and huge mental pressure.but,it is not the only situation of life where we have to face this much of tension.A person faces lots of pressure under different circumstances of life.And if we can understand that how to handle all these.
so,the solution lies in understanding and for that we need a calm mind.
Being an indian,i am proud that its culture has taught me "how to meditate?".
it has raised my ability to handle situations.Try.

0 0 Trenches meant for communication cables etc along road sides should be made by some designated agency and all such things like pipes and cables that disrupts the roads should pass through those trenches only. The agency that will make and upkeep such trenches should charge from the vendors intending to lay cables in those trenches. It will generate revenue as well and roads will be much safer ( for being wide) and smooth even in rural areas.

0 0 Sir Bilaspur CG  me private employers take advantage of employees.40-50 age people get very low salary + lots of pressure  similarly with the youth timings also a big issue till 9-10 pm & some times as per employer wish.we feel suffocation in Bilaspur CG they abuse youngsters. They think themselves superior then Gov by doing their Dad business.

0 0 Dear modi ji,if government introduced so many facilities & so many education systems how many government service holders children study in government school??government schools sits are vacancy and private schools sits are filled up.what is the reason??i realized one things govt sector has not better service the general people,then i want to say India post i just face a trouble before some days 26th dec-2016 i speed posted a parcel Hyderabad to Odisha pacel,i got my parcel 20th-Jan-2017.

0 0 Sir;I am a PhD student in reputed uni. I have been selected through test to admit to Phd.I have also completed the coursework.Sir I am contacting to 2/3 professor to be my guide they are telling that they have no time to be guide.They telling that they have lot of official work due to shortage of staff.Sir here in this university a PhD student not able take any other professor as guide except those who are working in this university.Sir here a student will get a guide if he/she has some relation

1 0 Dear Sir,
There are students like us who are preparing for govt level competitive exams. In between all this, as time is passing, we have the social pressure of finding a job, getting married and settling down as our peer are doing great in their respecrive fields. Pls can you suggest how to get this fear from our mind and focus only on our study. It gets difficult at times and we feel really low and want to give up our preparations. :( Please help. #MannKiBaat

0 0 Hon. Sir, I'm concerned about OPTIONAL SUBJECT IN UPSC. It should be removed to evaluate everyone in the same balance. As you know the students having Tamil, Telugu Literature as an optional subject consistently scoring outstanding from 500 marks resulting injustice with deserving honest aspirants of UPSC. ELIMINATION of OPTIONAL SUBJECT will be welcoming the decision of yours, You can certainly advise so to President for 2017 notification. I think we should change with changing the generation.

1 0 Respected sir, After Demonetization      there are certain steps which you should take to stop corruption or change the govt officials. Be it any Dept people are not a bit afraid to ask money. Hope we can bring some quality change in our society.

0 0 DEAR MODI SIR
I am SHIVA GARG from Sri Ganganagar Rajasthan.I am Btech computer science paasout student but I dont get any job yet
pls increase job oprtunities and please improve the education level it is very low
I read btech but I found myself low skills because the education level is not good so pls make a plan to  improve it

2 0 kids should be taught more about nature & surroundings rather than classroom teaching more like old Gurukul with more stress on behaviour, traffic & civic sense,respect to elders, & especially on innovative ideas of kids should be promoted because from their dreams new invention occurs.

1 0 I also have this opinion that in this technology driven world teachers are left behind than students. IT knowledge and hands on experience is more to students than teachers. Faculty development programs need to be more technology oriented.
Student's personal care is very important. teachers need to take care of the students whom are always left behind. That was possible few years back but the teaching psychology has changed for the past few years.

2 0 Time to change our education system which is more of degree based, no values of skill, patterns of teaching is same what it was 50 years back specially in technical education of medical & engineering, we need more of research oriented teaching, kids should be taught & promoted for new Ideas after basics rather than forcing them what was in history. Medical teaching should be more patient  Centered & technical on manikins not on patients.

0 0 Sir;I am a PhD student in UTKAL uni. I have been selected through test to admit to  Phd.I have also completed the coursework.Sir I am contacting to 2/3 professor to be my guide they are telling that they have no time to be guide.They telling that they have lot of official work due to shortage of staff.Sir here in this university a PhD student not able take any other professor as guide except those who are working in this university.Sir here a student will get a guide if he/she has some relations

2 0 Respected sir, I am very happy that you have brought wave of change against corruption. But on the other side i am very much worried about the rate of growth of unemployment of intelligent graduates who are in t age group between 22-30 years. And it is said that india is the youngest country where there are maximum number of youngsters. What is the use of being the youngest country sir???? Because most of the young graduates in India are unemployed. Please give some solution to this question sir

0 0 sir the students slog to their elastic limits to appear for competitive exams like JEE .  Some process issues like one mentioned here lead to disadvantage of few spoiling their aspirations.
The ISSUE - Exam had few incorrect questions , due to process of-ve marking some students left them  since they had doubt to save on -ve marking. In process of assessment errors were detected & credit was awarded to those who attempted and those who got it wrong also.Corrections are needed on such aspects.

1 0 How much trained our teachers are in terms of teaching and training students for the 21st century with technology? Which is highly digital. In digitized learning, learners need to be autonomous. Learner autonomy is a new requirement in pedagogy. Most importantly, How do we evaluate and grade our future generation? Is the system trained enough to do a good assessment of learning?

0 0 Dear Sir, by mistake i shared my views in Govt portal grievances ,sorry for the inconnvenince cause .

0 0 Sir m PhD Student in a reputed institute. i am great fan of u and ur business skills. but there are some issues jisme main chahta hun ki ap ek bar jrur dhyan den. hmari csir and icmr ki site pe directly likha hua h ki they will ot sanction any project. bcz they dnt have money. as u reduced the funding. if u say ki kuch productivity nhi hai science mein to i wanna tell u ki hmare 4 saal to procurement me waste hote h uske bad hum scohte h ki bas PhD ki degree hi le le wahi bahut hai.

0 0 Sir you are launching so many schemes , yes sir they are good for our poor people and I am also impressed but sir, if possible please check does this schemes are benefiting poor people at ground level?

0 0 Make a DNA data base which must b attract to adhar card  ..
From this way criminal can b found easily ... And help to reduce crime and also help in finding lost child and kidnapped people .. And any person can b easily identified ..

0 0 Sir,i have some unique and easy to apply ideas about swatchta abhiyan, rain water saving , an-managed animal on cities, village health , village banking, village education, employment of 30cr people who are in below poverty line and 8cr jobs for unemployment people. Sir it is possible in very sort time like under 3 to 6 months. without invest any signal penny. please give me a sort time to prove my ideas.

0 0 सर मै डिजिटल इंडिया का बहुत बड़ा समर्थक हूँ। आज हमें आपने आप पर गर्व है कि हम बदलते भारत के साक्षी है। सर मैं चाहता हूँ की इन्टरनेट की सुविधा दुरुस्त होनी चाहिए क्योकि डिजिटल पेमेंट के लिए ये जरुरी है। और सर एक बात जो मेरी निजी बात है । सर अगर जलिकट्टा के लिए इतने लोग सड़कों पर उतर सकते है तो गौहत्या के लिए क्यों नही। सर गौहत्या पुरे देश में बैन होने चाहिए ।

1 0 Pls find enclosed pdf file

0 0 દેશની તમામ સરકારી  અને અર્ધ સરકારી ના કાયમી કર્મચારી માટે બાયો મેટ્રિક ફિંગરપ્રિન્ટ ડીવાઈસ મુકવું જોઈએ જેથી કર્મચારી પોતાના સમયસર ઓફિસમાં પહોચી જય તો ગામના માણસો ને હેરાન પરેશાન ના થવું પડે. કાયમી કર્મચારી ૧૨:૦૦ વાગ્યે આવેશે. અને 04:૦૦ વાગ્યે જતા રહશે. અને તલાટી તો આવતા જ નથી. તાલુકા કક્ષાએ મળવા જવું પડે છે. કરાર આધારિત કર્મચારીઓ ખુબ જ કામગીરી કરે છે. તો તેનું શોષણ થાય છે. અને તેની પાસે ઓફિસનું બધું કામ કરાવે છે. આવો દેશ એટલે કે તમારો અને મારો ભારત દેશ છે. તો પ્રધાનમંત્રી તમારે આમાં બદલાવ જોઈએ?

0 0 Hello Sir, I am a follower of Digital INDIA.
I went to reserve a Railway Ticket in Railway Station in Mangalore > Karnataka.
But I dint get a swiping machine there, To do money transfer through my Bank Card.
Please provide the swiping machines in Railway Stations.
Not only here, Where ever we need to pay money. Example: BSNL Office, Post Office, etc....
When this is not available in GOVT Offices, How we can expect this in private shops...?

0 0 Hello Sir, I am a follower of Digital INDIA.
I went to a Railway Ticket in Railway Station in Mangalore > Karnataka.
But I dint get a swiping machine there, To do money transfer through my Bank Card.
Please provide the swiping machines in Railway Stations,
Where ever we need to pay money. Example: BSNL Office, Post Office, etc....

0 0 Sir, As you  know that most of the youths in our country belongs to a financially poor background.Most of them to quit their studies to find a early job to support their families as a priority.Only after that they can continue their further studies, this takes a long time.By the time they could apply for a ssc or upsc exam they find that their age limit is over so my humble request to you that the upper age limit for competitive exams like ssc, upsc should be raised up to 35 years.

0 0 sir entrance exam is like cricket taking single single explore knowledge slowly slowly enrich yourself & hit long six in the last ball & if you caught in the boundary koi  baat ni next match me dekh lenge.Sir Gen Cat koi match ni jeet pata aur harne k baad janta patthar fekti hai.

1 0 Sir,
When i was preparing for my board exams,my family did not allowed me to go out and play.Although they did this for my own benifit,but i don't understand how someone can study continuously and learn the things when his mind is actually tired. some people have created an atmosphere where we see board exams as scary ghosts.This mind set creates depression and lot of things which i think is not good for a student.

0 0 take action !!

0 0 सर जी नमस्कार,राष्ट्रिय पुस्तक न्यास के अध्यक्ष श्री बल्देव भाई शर्मा की दो पुस्तकों ‘‘मेरे समय का भारत’’ और ‘‘आध्यात्मिक चेतना और सुगन्धित जीवन’’ का लोकार्पण हुआ। इस अवसर पर लोकार्पणकर्ता माननीय श्री दत्तात्रेय होसबाले (सह सरकार्यवाह, राष्ट्रीय स्वयं सेवक संघ) को  गौतम पाल ने प्रतिक चिन्ह देकर सम्मानित किया।

0 0 In the present in the market, competitive exams study materials are have more expensive.  Then poor family students /job seekers/competitive exams candidates can no able to get the they are needed study materials. So,
Government Introduce a study material available web portal to all. In this Web portal put all type of competitive exams study materials. Then job seekers will get easily they are needed study materials from this portal.

0 0 विश्वपुस्तक मेला प्रगति मैदान दिल्ली में यश पब्लिकेशंस नई दिल्ली द्वारा पुस्तक लोकार्पण कार्यक्रम के दौरान राजीव गुप्ता द्वारा लिखित पुस्तक प्रधानमंत्री के ‘‘मन की बात’’ माखन लाल चतुर्वेदी राष्ट्रीय पत्रकारिता विश्वविद्यालय के प्रोफेसर डा0 अरूण कुमार भगत ने मेरठ के समाजसेवी डा0 गौतम पाल को भेंट की। ज्ञातव्य हो कि प्रधानमंत्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी ने 3 अक्टूबर 2014 की प्रथम ‘‘मन की बात’’ कार्यक्रम में गौतम पाल द्वारा दिये गये सुझाव की प्रशंसा की थी। पुस्तक में गौतम पाल का जिक्र सबसे पहले किया है।

0 0 आपसे निवेदन है कि भीम एप की इस दिक्कत को दूर कराएं जिससे जनता और ज्यादा डिजीटल अभियान से जुडकर आपकी इस बेहतरीन एप का फायदा उठा सकें। इसके साथ और निवेदन है कि भीम एप में भी पे-टीएम की तरह डीटीएच रिचार्ज, मोबाइल रिचार्ज एवं बिल, रेलवे एवं एयर टिकट तथा इलेक्ट्रीसिटी के बिल जमा करने के जैसी सुविधाएं उपलब्ध कराई जाए।
धन्यवाद,
विजय भट्ट,

0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,मेरा नाम विजय भट्ट है। मैं दमण से प्रकाशित हिन्दी दैनिक असली आजादी का संपादक हूं। पिछले महीने आपके द्वारा डिजीटल ट्रांजेक्शन के लिए जो भीम एप शुरु की गई थी उसमें कुछ तकनीकी समस्याएं आ रही है। जैसे कोई व्यक्त अपने भीम एप से किसी और को रुपीया भेजता है तो कई बार कुछ तकनीकी कारण से अपने खाते में से तो रुपीया कट जाता है लेकिन ट्रांजेक्शन फेलियर दिखाता है। यानि कि अपने खाते से पैसा कटने के बाद बेनिफिशियरी को पैसा मिलता नहीं है। आपसे निवेदन है कि भीम एप की इस दिक्कत को दूर कराएं

0 0 विश्व पुस्तक मेला प्रगति मैदान दिल्ली में यश पब्लिकेशंस नई दिल्ली द्वारा पुस्तक लोकार्पण कार्यक्रम के दौरान राजीव गुप्ता द्वारा लिखित पुस्तक प्रधानमंत्री के ‘‘मन की बात’’ माखन लाल चतुर्वेदी राष्ट्रीय पत्रकारिता विश्वविद्यालय के प्रोफेसर डा0 अरूण कुमार भगत ने मेरठ के समाजसेवी डा0 गौतम पाल को भेंट की। ज्ञातव्य हो कि प्रधानमंत्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी ने 3 अक्टूबर 2014 की प्रथम ‘‘मन की बात’’ कार्यक्रम में गौतम पाल द्वारा दिये गये सुझाव की प्रशंसा की थी। पुस्तक में गौतम पाल का जिक्र सबसे पहले किया गया था

0 0 sir jab tak student competition feel ni krega to kbhi exam ni nikal payega He must feel from inside to do my 100% best & then left the result on God hands.

0 0 Sir, exams crack krne k lie motivation,self confidence,dedication,best guidance at the right time, Family love & support,Quality books,creative ideas,regular practice & most important cool mind.they must feel light & free from restrictions. Jab man kre tabhi study krna fruitful hota hai. Positive energy

0 0 Dear Modi Ji.
Due to spitting saliva on roads there will be lot of contagious deceases spreading in our country, when ever we go on road there will be lot of dust, pollution above that these kind of disgusting things. Swatch Bharath is a great initiative, if we strictly impose rules to stop these kind of things we can live in more hygienic society.
Usage of plastic has become quite common even though many govts r against to plastic usage. Kindly get the reports and strictly ban plastic use.

2 0 Dear Sir there is lot of pressure from the parents on their children especially after 12th board exam. There is no overall choice for students in any career nowadays due to so much competition. But being the family member of upper caste in society, it become so difficult to get any job/placements in any government institution due to the reservation in all fields.
I think there must be fare opportunity for all INDIANS.
Hope you pay attention towards my views.

0 0 Sir if possible then please include exercise related section for students studying up to 9th standard so that their body will be flexible as well as minds. but sir please do not include it for 10th class as they are having board exams then.

1 0 Hi sir, I request you to improve the job opportunities in tamilnadu.Because many more B.E graduate students not yet got a job including me.So,please kindly take an action sir.

1 0 Hello Sir,
The two wheeler bike driven by youngsters are making too much sound pollution and iteration by honking unnecessarily and without any thought.
Specially those who have good connections politically, or economically rich.
Kindly, talk on this in the Mann Ki Baat.

0 0 Sir I have some concern for State PSC Exams. In some states The Administrative Services exams are dynamic. But in some state these exams are following obsolete models. Some states like Odisha, there are 2 optional papers for main exams with more weightage. So General Studies here becomes minority in priority. Besides this I have some more concern regarding these exams and for this i uploaded a file as unable to write everything here.

0 0 Sir I have some concern for State PSC Exams. In some states The Administrative Services exams are dynamic. But in some state these exams are following obsolete models. Some states like Odisha, there are 2 optional papers for main exams with more weightage. So General Studies here becomes minority in priority. Besides this I have some more concern regarding these exams and for this i uploaded a file as unable to write everything here.

0 0 Dear sir,I think it will be better to have an optional practical course for the students studying from 9th to 12th classes like cultivation,auto repairing, welding, electronics,pottery, diary and so on. These classes can be easily conducted by local practitioners,like car mechanic, mobile repair shops, farmers, and so on. This will make them self reliant.

0 0 कुछ सुझाव निम्न है
देरे तक पढने के लिए बच्चे अपने पास थोड़ा गुनगुना पानी जरूर रक्खे, विषय वार सरल नोट्स खुद बनाये हुए पढ़े और उन्हें लिखे भी. संरक्षक भी टीवी कम देखें और बच्चे जहाँ पढ़ रहे हों वहां खाली बैठ के प्रपंच न करें, छोटे सरल सवालों को आत्मसात कर कठिन की ओर बढ़े, बच्चों को अभिभावक सुबह समय से प्रेम पूर्वक उठायें भी, कुछ animated video अपनी भाषा में देखे उस टॉपिक को साथ साथ अपनी copy में बिंदुवार नोट भी करते चले. सहज रहें सफलता स्वतः आएगी #MannKiBaat
जय हिन्द
डॉ संदीप कुमार शुक्ल

0 0 Students
1. Don't take too much pressure...Stay relax and calm
2.drink lots of water
3.adequate sleep before the exams
4.go for evening walks with friends or parents
5.avoid social media as far as possible
6. Prepare a timetable
7.Revise as much as possible
8.Meditate
Parents
1.Dont put too much pressure on your child
2.regularly talk with him and discuss about his preparation
3.ensure that the child takes a healthy diet during the exams
4.maintain a good atmosphere at home.

0 0 PM SAHAB, M APKO SIRF EK BAAT KEHNA CHAHTA HU, EK CAR EK MIDDLE CLASS FAMILY KO SAARI JINDAGI KARAJ ME RAKH DETI HAI PURCHASE KARTA HAI TO.
FOR EXP, EK ALTO CAR KHARID KI OF RS. 4 LAKHS AGAR EK CAR KI LIFE 10 SAAL MAN KAR CHALE TO 240000 SERVICE COST, PARTS AND TYRES 4 LAKHS, PETROL ON AVERAGE 12 LAKH KA PETROL SIRF 10 SAAL ME. EK GAADI ALTO JO KI CHOTI SI HAI WO 10 SAAL ME KARIB 23 LAKHS KI PDEGI, WORKLIFE 30 SAAL,INSAAN SIRF GAADI KE LIYE KMATA HAI, 70% MIDDLE CLAS H.CAR KO OFF, #PBLIC TNSPT

0 0 भारत सरकार द्वारा बनाये जा रहे बजट में  5 लाख रुपये तक की राशि पर इनकम टैक्स न लगाए जाने पर विचार करने का कष्ट करें, इससे ४ श्रेणी के कर्मचारियो को फायदा मिलेगा।

0 0 Boards exams are very stressful for both students as well as parents
Students should take good quality breaks to refresh their minds by playing their favourite sports or indulge in any stress bursting activities
Parents n teachers can help students in their morale boosting n encourage them to keep themselves busy with extra circular activities besides study
The atmosphere at home n school should be healthy n joyous for students
Let's make exams  enjoyable :fun n not stressful

0 0 Hi good morning sir, My self Shruti B.Hiregoudar from Bagalkot, Karnataka.
suggestion for #PMonRadio, #AIR, #MannKiBaat, #MyGov
1.Nowadays students are addicted to the internet, mobile phone, not concentrating on studies.
2.Students are least concerned about entrepreneurship after academics they try to get placed in MNC company so please motivate for entrepreneurship.
3.students should not only study for marks, knowledge is also important.
4.how to overcome laziness.

1 0 Respected Sir
I know this is not an issue in present forum just now but in this epoch of history I have no second opportunity to put the matter of Somnath temple in your line of sight .
   The historical destruction of this temple started the era of defeat of our country .It is well known that the main Idol of deity in this temple was hanging in mid air supported by in-visible force . That feature can be restored with present day levitation technology to boost national self esteem .

1 0 Sir u talk now about education and join social work to young people in rural area.sir we worked i education field gujarat gandhinagar since in our guiedline more then 1200 student get a job in nationalise bank and more then 1000student get gujarat govt.job.our mission is support more and more student get awreness about competitive exam.please u talk about this topic in next manki bat.i want ur support we want hard work in this field and get support my gujarat and country.jay hind love u sir.

2 0 #MannKiBaat #AIR
#MYgov #PMonRadio sir jo jawan pathankot aur uri me shahid hue the unki families ko kuch v ni mila jaisa unse state gov ne kha tha. Unse shahid ka certificat mangte h sub jo ki possible ni h. Plz help them sir. Maine sbhi news channels aur press ko mail kiya but koi reply ni aya. Plz help sir. Families bahut problems face kr rhi h. Asha krta hn ap ye msg jarur dekhenge aur unki help hogi. Thank u sir.

1 0 ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html
ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2013/02/gomutra-drinking-cows-urine-as-elexir.html
DEAR MODI JEE, PLZ SAVE JALLIKATTU, THIS IS NOT MY ABOUT CRUELTY OR BULLSHIT THING, THIS IS ABOUT SAVING OUR DESHI COWS. PEOPLE ARE REJECTING SUPREME COURT ORDER,, THIS IS DANGEROUS FOR INDIAS DEMOCARCY. PLZ BAN FOREIGN FUNDED TROJAN HORSES AND SECURE INDIANS LAST REMANINING DESHI HUMPED COWSS.. ACT NOWW.. TAMILSS ARE DEEEPLY PISSED..

1 0 #MannKiBaat #AIR
#MYgov #PMonRadio sir jo jawan pathankot aur uri me shahid hue the unki families ko kuch v ni mila jaisa unse state gov ne kha tha. Unse shahid ka certificat mangte h sub jo ki possible ni h. Plz help them sir. Maine sbhi news channels aur press ko mail kiya but koi reply ni aya. Plz help sir. Families bahut problems face kr rhi h. Asha krta hn ap ye msg jarur dekhenge aur unki help hogi. Thank u sir.

1 0 #MannKiBaat #PMonRadio sir jo jawan pathankot aur uri me shahid hue the unki families ko kuch v ni mila jaisa unse state gov ne kha tha. Unse shahid ka certificat mangte h sub jo ki possible ni h. Plz help them sir. Maine sbhi news channels aur press ko mail kiya but koi reply ni aya. Plz help sir. Families bahut problems face kr rhi h. Asha krta hn ap ye msg jarur dekhenge aur unki help hogi. Thank u sir.

0 0 Modi sahib! Allah apko lambi umar aur taqat de. Aap bahut kuch bina kuch kahe hi kar rahe hain. Shukriya. Apne desh se afsarsaahi khatam karne ki baat kahi thi lekin  kuch khaas amal nahi hua.
Police ko imaandaar hone ki zaroorat hai.
Beimaani aur dhokhadhadi ke khilaaf karyawahi ke liye Ek helpline number banane ki zaroorat hai.
Sharaab/ nasha aam admi aut samaaj ko barbaad kar raha hai. Iske khilaaf kadam uthana hoga.
Apka apna,
Aman Ali
Allah hafiz.

0 0 Narendraji,
Your name itself reflects Vivekananda and please motivate youngsers to acquire new skills during vacation and if they sharpen skills like this way for 5-12years till higher education, they will appreciate the need to understand ad acquire job skills as current education system is more academic.

0 0 Respected Sir,
I have visited your office many times when you were CM of Gujarat. I am highly inspired by you. I want young generation must learn lessons from the foot prints u have set.  The younger generations are responsible citizen of future India. And its only u who can teach them the real mantra of success.
I learnt from you that:
A Man is not Poor
Without a Rupee
But
A Man is Really Poor
Without a Dream
 & Ambition...!!!
My Twitter handle is @FastNewsDelhi
God Bless U !

0 0 Respected Sir, now the days matrimonial law much misuse by females, laywer misguide to her for own benefits, and 2 person fight against his case in court premises and lost his best life moment, in which both could be give our beloved society experience/efforts and achievements, i.e. our next generation learn and create better future from his seniors experience. please do needful action misuse of law 498A, DV Act.

0 0 Dear Sir,
My Parents is old aged above 70+ years old, have facing lots of server deices, my wife after marriage always demand we lives separately and leave parents home, My parents totally depend upon me, I refuse her wrong demand, She went her parents home, after 6 month 1st she filled a fake maintenance case against me now after leave my home after 11 month she filled a FIR against me and my family mention fake dowry case. I and my my family facing mental harassment, please help. Thanks

0 0 Dear Modiji,
Being an youngster I have some suggestions below:
--> Have proper appetite during exams DO NOT skip your meals.
--> Revise whole syllabus before you leave to exams at least once by making short notes.
--> Do not byheart understand the concept ,you can frame your own phrases.
--> Mediate to acquire good concentration.
--> Do not streach yourself with long hours of studies ,take frequent breaks , play games,have a walk and other activites which refreshes mind

0 0 A big figure around 35cr unemployed youth in our nation r direction less draining their +ve energy in addiction with tobacco,drugs, gossip and also creating havoc for society no other than indulge many in intelligent criminal activities. 
Is it not right time for Govt to devise intelligent scheme to create jobs for such a vast no with  boost to Agriculture with modern technics in every village level?
Govt can motivate private land owners to give lease to government and get return fixed.

1 0 1)  Please talk about and appreciate the protest which happened in tamilnadu for keeping Hindu dharma (our tradition) alive.
2) Please give a message for students to prepare for exams without taking struggles.
3) Please convey the steps taken by government for water conservation and  how can we protect water in summer.
4) Please talk about job creation steps taken by government.
5) We should talk about digital empowerment. People should get digital literacy and success of digidhan mela.

0 0 Sir, I am Ex-serviceman of this nation and served my nation for about 41 years. Hence I am not only senior citizen of the nation but I'm guardian of the nation. I have some grievances which I filed with PMO vide Ref No PMOPG/E/2017/0018664 on 08.01.2017 but so far I didn't receive any response. I don't want to post any video on social media. But I want justice which I deserve and it is your responsibility to look after ex-servicemen.
Thanking you.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Every student in this country need not to be trained in each subject. We should discriminate the students based on their taste at the age of 10-12, and next education should be totally focused on the chosen area. More focus to be given to research areas as one can see that quality of the students opting for research as their carrier is very less. You can increase it by giving extra advantages to the researchers.
Thanks

0 0 Sir,
You said that you want to eradicate corruption from the nation. But it's not possible until you take guidelines from a senior citizen like me.
First you shall study the ways of corruption Govt servants especially group A officers are engaged. They do have a very strong network. They do very systematic and planned corruption. Top to bottom all are involved in corruption.
Fix a meeting with me. I'll help the nation and 125 crores of people.

0 0 Dear Sir,
Having one common exam for entire India would be good. State board should be removed. Change the education pattern. Instead of pressurizing toddlers and kids(till 4th grade) with marks based, do the assessments based on the concept they learnt. Practical teaching is more important and I believe every kid in India should get that.

0 0 I am a Brit born Indian,I had a lively discussion with my Indian father in law a few years ago, I told him you wait & watch NM will alter the face of corruption in India. He had no respect for my opinion & said there is nothing he can do. He told me that paying & taking bribes was a way of life for us & that's the way we like it! I was infuriated when he said this. I was so happy when you introduced steps for demonetisation. I urge you to set up paying tax education in schools,get them on board

1 0 Must read sir

0 0 I am also given this year 12th exam from state board. Every friends will fear from exam. I want to ask only one question from our honorable pm sir. Sir after 12the completion students will go for higher education. Is any ideas or any is possible from gov. To give education loan in low interest. If I need 20 lakhs loan . so we have to give only 5-6 % loan interest. Because everyone only gives low interest on home or car. But not on education. Why sir? We are the. Future.please sir hepl us. Thnk u

0 0 Hello Sir, I would like you to address upon Climate Change, the impacts which were seen on India due to Climate Change. The policies which are implemented on taking action on Climate Change as it is the threat which India is facing in present.I would like you to focus upon the actions to be taken to adapt and mitigate to Climate Change.

0 0 Would like you to talk about and encourage young people to take up careers in Sciences both applied and theoritical. I feel the future of a country lies in the hands of people who drive the science culture.
Can we have a dedicated focus and plan for driving towards a scientific India. As Prof Kaku (eminent Scientist in Theoritical Physics) says the future lies in understanding Physics. Currently we lack this culture in India. People dont look at this as career opportunity.

1 0 Sir,
As per RBI guideline, any person can withdraw cash from bank/ATM Rs. 96000 per month(Rs. 24000 per week). It means that person who spent that much amount every month, he/she is rich person and he/she has credit/debit/paytm card. No poor man can spent that much amount every month. Due to this I think, cash withdraw limit from bank should be reduced to Rs. 50000 per month and slowly slowly it should reduced to Rs. 20000 per month. Otherwise, black money will generate again.

0 0 Sir, I know you are already working hard to catch the Black money holders. May I request you to please  publish the name of them also the money recovered. So that we, general public will be happy to know the government revenue collection. Like, if Mayawati brother's bank balance has increased from 7.5 to 1300 crs, how much money government able to collect as penalty? This every body should know.
Thanks & regards,
Satish Kumar

1 0 All the government offices, schools (states & central both) should have a biometric attendence system for the transparency of what they are doing with the money granted by the government. Specially for the schools.

0 0 Respecte Sir Me kahana Chahta hu ki Aaj ke samay me Student subah ke samay Padate he nahi he jabki Prath 4 se 6 ke bich smay me Humari Naak ke Dono Swar Chalte he Jisse ki Jayada se Jyada Oxigen  Hamare Sarir me Phuchti he aur us samay ka pada hua hme lambe samaya tak yaad rahata he.Iske saath he exam ke 1 mah purv Student yadi apne khane evm Swathya par dhyan de to exam ke samay kisi prakar pareshani nahi hogi.

0 0 Need some standards on education fee from lower classes to higher degrees...

0 0 BOJ (Birth Of Job)-an initiative of the Learners for the learners
Implementing the post 2015 development agenda: moving from commitments to results & taking action to improve lives, shOObh Group has launched BOJ. BOJ  shall work to connect the energy of private school/college students & youth to provide job specific skills training coordination support to underprivileged. Link: https://www.facebook.com/shoobhgroup/photos/?tab=album&album_id=60761141...

0 0 is गंगा | GANGA a difficult subject to paint & shoot?
shOObh Arts ​Competition-​2016, theme- गंग​ा | GANGA {​Season-7} ​ shOObh Arts, ​Head of Jury is ​Padmashree, ​Anjolie Ela ​Menon. Our sole aim ​was to reach as ​many school ​children to ​share & spread ​Beauty of Ganga. Every ​year we try to ​communicate and ​reach as many ​schools across ​globe...BUT this year was different.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/pg/shoobharts/photos/?tab=album&album_id=130729...

0 0 Dear sir,
          I want to say that the salary given to the teachers is so much to be given to them.
And salary of army officers is not appropriate by seeing their work.
SIR, I request you to think for our those army soldiers to whome we lives in our homes safely. Not to wome those which are sitting in school and sleeps over there.
THANKS SIR
TUSHAR CHAUHAN
A BSc STUDENT

1 0 Sir,
India will never progress jab tak Gov make difference among youth.
General Category ko freedom kub milega?

0 0 Dear Gov,
A easy lift to some category & difficult for some is not humanity. It is like  a parent  making difference among male child & female child. Equal examination fee for all equal competition for all.Their must be no cat. wise selection of candidate .we are also Indian sir.It is a right time to make unity among youth.We have a big heart that's why we still waiting for justice. Think about how our mind will set for future

0 0 Sir, I would like to put forth few important points here for the improvements
1) Please make all the courts online, that is, court case filing shall be online. At present only few high courts are online means there is a clear denial of Justice. No city is smart without having court e-filing facility online. Please make a system where court hearing can be done either online or through NIC centres in India. Please go through the attachment. Here are few suggestions.

0 0 ABOLISH ALL BOARDS OF EDUCATION AND BOARD EXAMS.  India has 45 crore illiterate people and the rest are ill-literates.  Independent (autonomous) schools, colleges, universities and 1000s of community colleges need to be started.  Even with this, it may take 200 years before India can achieve 100% literacy. Our Traditional Knowledge Systems have been eroded over the last several centuries. None of the current institutes can provide value to the masses. Need educational reforms.

0 0 IIT JEE entrance  exams need to be rescheduled as they  are conflicting with 12 th  Board exams

1 0 Dear PM sir
Please should pass a bill for ban/do not run the porn star websites in private Web cafe/net centres. Due to many students are going to net centers for improve knowledge and learn basics of computers.In that time they are focusing eyes to porn star websites.Then they are may not focus on they are needed of study materials in the net centres. So could you pass a bill for stop the pornstar websites from all net centres.Then students will focus only they are needed study in net centres

0 0 Sir Chartered accountant course ka article 3 sal se kam karo aur artile ke samay hame sirf 1500 rs stipend milta but kam 15lac ki karwate hai aur hume artile ke sath padna nai yeh stipend please aap 10k tak toh badao kyon ki 1500 rs sirf buscharge ke liye bhi nahi purotatha issliye krupa karke aap ca students ko buspass aur 10000 ka stipend karr de to bahut hi accha hoga sabhi ca karnewale students ko aur article 3 saal se 1 ya 1 and half saal kiye toh bahuth accha hoga
Thanq

0 0 Hon. Sir,
I am a teacher and I have attached an anecdote regarding the examinee tension and have also provided solutions for the same. Kindly consider the same for easing the exam tension in the exam season. Hope it shall be considered,
Thank you,
Prof. Mr. Shekhar Salunke

0 0 Sir, Government of India urges everyone to use online payment system but the Government of India discontinued online payment in the website namely www.myhpgas.in. Sir, please continue it. Same grievance sent to the portal namely pgportal.gov.in but its consequence i signed on the paper.

0 0 One more submission we say child laws are implemented nicely but Sir actual situation is totally opposite. Chikdren r seen freely begging on red lights in front of our Police, judges, Bueurocrats everyone and we r taking children put of dhabas where they atleast earn. Sir our system has rotten bcoz what is happening in frint of us we could not see and the same thing we r finding backdoors. First save them sir they actually need ur help as they r been tortured for begging

0 0 Sir plz do smthng for our worst judiciary. Criminals r enjoying and we r suffering in ths present judicial system. Choking out useless laws r not the need actual need is fasting the system and criminaks can not get bails again n again. Even criminals do not receive summons from court and play with courts as they know that without receiving summon nothin could be done. Criminals r having guns they shoot rape loot and move freely.Either allow guns to none or to everyone. Worst judiciary

3 0 Dear Gov,
A tv channel to enrich students lifestyle & prepare them for competition exams will be good idea if possible. Equal learning for equal competition. Vast knowledge .More Skill development organization ITI as you are already working on that. Guide student for humanity.

1 0 sir,the digital india are good but problems are created in village area,city are developed and pepoles are knowledge in digital india,but village area are not knowledge in digital india. i request to the social event of village area for digital india.village area pepole are knowledge and use all works are online and then grow our online work increases for country,village area school & college are take the social event of digital india.,sir i have a plan social event of village area in digital in

0 0 i belog to a kisan family and i know tha pain of notebandi
i seen some people in tv saying that they have not effected by notebandi i not say that notebandi is totally bad maybe this is good for currption but for a kisan this is not good
so pm ji ko kisano ke liye bhi some better kanne ke bare mai vichar karna chahiye

0 0 Honorable PM, its exam preparation day. Students in 10th and 12th standard will be doing hard work to score good mark for their future. kindly request all the students to do their, but shouldn't lose confidence if the results are not as per their expectation. they should be proud that they did their best, but not to worry about the result. they should take life as it comes and do their best without caring about the result.As per gita "we should do our best without worrying about the benefit"

0 0 prerna geet

0 0 agar aap ko sach mein badlav chahiye to all scholls of India ke sath kuch share krna chahiye. jaise ki school me sab bacho ko Yoga, Bharat ki vividhta, rasoi me use hone vali items ka ragular life me benefit.

0 0 Naskar to Govt. Of India,
Prime minister Modi ji ko logo ko batana chahiye k kaise we apni health ko swsth rakh sakte hain. Agar Modi ji aayurvedic or indian formula use krte hain to unhe logo k sath share krna chahiye aur young generation ko Yoga ka importance batana chahiye jo unhe jim me nhi mil sakte.
Aabhar.

0 0 Pantpradhan Mahoday
Very disappointed that Government not giving respect to state official language. while giving Swatch Bharat Advertisement and Awareness of the Project, and others services information to Maharashtra people ignored Marathi language.
This is not fare with the Maharashtra people by imposing Hindi over Marathi Language, This gives bad impression of Government on Maharashtra people, Kindly use Marathi language in Maharashtra for all projects of Government

0 0 Very disappointed that government not giving respect to state official language while giving Swatch Bharat Advertisement and Awareness of the project, This is not fare with the Maharashtra people by imposing Hindi over Marathi, this gives bad impression of Government on Maharashtra people, Please Use Marathi language in Maharashtra for all projects of Government.Place of Advertisment is Mumbai. Thanks Jay Hind

1 0 Dear honourable prime minister
as to make roads in the country we cut down trees but don't plant more so we should plant that much trees which we have cut down. and we do vanmohatsavs in rural area but we dont do in cities as it is more important there because the cities are polluted more and if we will plant more trees then our enviorment will be balanced
by setu sharma
class-5A
SCHOOL-DPS Kalinga

0 0 I am disappointed with the views of PM over jallikattu.it s a political decision.I have removed his app and from Twitter in protest.I welcomed his decision on demonetisation but his speech on 31st shows he is not true to the substance of the matter.expected more announcements on black money.nothing in his speech.iz it the time to announce freebie .ashamed.

0 0 Sir, Limit of ESI Deduction has been increased to 21000/- salary. For a person of 21000/- salary, the annual deduction of ESI will be 15750/- (252000 X 6.25%). This deduction of ESI is on a very higher side. The mediclaim policy from a good company is available at much lesser cost that that. In mediclaim policy, the employee will have liberty to choose the hospital according to his own convenience, but in case of ESI, he will have to go to ESI hospitals. ESI facilities are also very poor.

0 0 प्रॆरना गीत........ स्वच्छ भारत अभियान‌

0 0 Sir, Kindly allow for Quality manufactruing certification for Aircrafts and their parts in India or develop a mechanisam for same as India does not have any at present and unfortunately Indians dont have as many private jets as other countries as well. As mos countries have local manufacturers supplying low cost but in india lack of airports and aircrafts both are a issue.

0 0 Dear Gov,
Kindly return 80% money of those who will not crack the exams & 100 % cota for local+ Middle class+ Poor, there is lack of motivation in society. Education is moving toward profession means rich will get easily admission in future. Quality education Required & supporting society.Do something for those also who not passed they are also Indian.Sir many guys want bollywood lifestyle jo possible ni hai.

0 0 This is to bring to your notice regarding challenges faced by common citizen who are salaried and leaving as tenants and pay rent in cash since landlords dont accept other medium.During our Income tax proof submissions we are asked to provide PAN number of the landlords, which is now mandatory. The landlords are hesitant to share their PAN details and we are left with no options but only to declare rents till 1 lac annually though we pay much more than that. Hence we pay extra tax and rent both.

0 0 contd.. STUDY MATERIAL IN PUNJABI FOR NIOS..to enable these poor students who want to do their 10th/ 12th class study while working to help their families. study in NIOS is very cheap and we want to help them by giving free coaching in late evening hours. Sir, study material is provided in Gujrati, Bangali, oria, tamil etc then why not in Punjabi. By providing this facility you will be winning the hearts of thousands of poor families. I have already written to authorities of CSC/ NIOS but no res

0 0 Regarding hackathon its unfortunate that its just for coding for kids but hope you will consider some suggestions regarding real problems with defence in attachment.

0 0 Respected PM sir,
After retirement from bank, I am running COMMON SERVICE CENTER in my village  to implement your DIGITAL INDIA programme. To provide education(TO THOSE STUDENTS OF VILLAGES WHO HAVE LEFT THEIR STUDIES DUE TO THEIR POOR FAMILY CONDITIONS AND ARE WORKING)through NIOS(national institute of open school) is one of the component of CSC. Sir, in Punjab student have their mother tongue Punjabi BUT STUDY MATERIAL IS NOT PROVIDED IN PUNJABI by NIOS. Please GET THIS DONE to ...contd.

0 0 Respected PM,
I would like to suggest you to speak about the level of education in colleges,especially in Engineering colleges,we all know that engineering can't be done just by scoring marks, there should be some practical education to become a successful engineer.
So,I request you to speak on this topic for the betterment of education level.
Thank you.

0 0 Respected PM sir,
salute for initiating bold steps to make India a cashless society.Entire nation is with you except TAX-CHOR. With this single step major chunk of fake/black money will be eradicated. Fast track your steps of real estate and gold/cash holding limits.
Regards,

0 0 jay bharat

1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंती जी से अनुरोध है की जैसे आपने भ्रष्टाचारियो के खिलाफ जो कदम उठाये है वोह बहुत सराहनीय है
 आप कृपया प्राइवेट स्कूल , कोचिंग और कॉलेज की महँगी फीस के बारे मे भी कुछ सोचिये , इन की फीस बहुत ज्यादा है जो आम आदमी की जब से बाहर है

0 0 Dear Sir,
I just want to say that save the youth.Youth just want min money to live good life,home,some adventure & sports & respectful job.many guys addicted to bad habit in this journey.Preperation krne k lie healthy mind hona bhut jaruri hai aur sub ka  sath even in failure. Right Guidance at the right time required for students & assured coaching. Generation gap is also major issue.

0 0 Dear respected PM sir,
Students/job seeking persons of poor families are no have any platform for free coaching to competitive exams. If can giving coaching to them from skill India centers, Then they will have more stengh for facing competitive exams. Therfore they are easily get a job from the platform of free coaching centers by government.

