7 2 2nd part ..we can also pay them against their crops by getting it insured and pay on the monthly basis..we can do form agro based networking providing warehouse,knowledge them, transport , as wel sale of crops to next shop to the customer ...sir.use of fertilizers culd be regulated to and we would able to safe lakh crore of subsidy as wel provide jobs to....and provide farmers with the bttr life 
4 3 respt sir / if we take farming under govt supervision as cojoint alliance and pay farmer estimated value of their crop at the day of cultivation and we bare the loss in days bad cultivation due to uncertanity of weather also to share profit in days of good cultivation and we can do regulate the prices as wel quality of various crops ...by shfting to the crops vegetables and fruit which are good in demand ,.prices.and the quality which is international accepted .as wel promote organic farming to 
4 1 Respected Sir, being work in Dairy sector some points has to be notice 1- all Dairy industry those are procuring milk from farmers they should release farmers milk payment in their account. subsidy has been closed those are not purchasing milk from farmers and payment in farmers account. 3- audit of the dairy account start from the purchase from the farmers at village level rather then commission agent sent the Dairy Doc/plant. 
16 1 I have a request to PM that he should form a department with good number of staffs which will be able to track all the post on mygov.in and reply to each contributor individually. This will way PM can connect each individual through social media. This way each contributor will give his comment enthusiastically if he feels that his comments is being listened 
8 4 Please note , in name of travel & tourism, Ma Ganga's sanctity is being planned to destroy by playing with the belief,devotion of crores of Hindus by Uttarakhand govt who is making tourism spot on MaGanga with floating non veg restaurant-bar for non hindu foreigners! Its a insult to central govt initiative of 'Namami Ganga'! please note that Uttarakhand area of Ma Ganga is coming in its source area, So, if its sanctity is not conserved, what is the use of rest area to conserve! please stop this! 
3 1 Why this permission for such huge gold imports into India. It promotes black money, and enriches no one but some jewelers. Also, worsens trade deficit like for March 2015. It is a waste of money for this country, besides promoting black money in the economy. 
5 0 Just read in Monday 20th April newspapers that the Babus (IAS etc) have given themselves a huge gift...Now, they do not have to report on gifts received upto Rs. 5000. This is blatant corruption and cheating. I have works in large corporates across many countries incl India and the max gift allowed is upto 2500. And beyond that, you have to file a gift received report to the COmpliance Office. In foreign OECD developed countries, the limit is about USD 40 to 50. Why so high, increase in India. 
9 0 Dear PM, Why govt is not publishing a comparative point by point brief description about UPA and NDA land bill in all the main news paper,so people will know the difference. I am educated but I completely don't know what is difference then how a farmer would know.pleas do asap otherwise we may trap opposition propaganda. 
1 0 land procurement should not be for private project. It should be done for any national project where government stack is above 60 % and further apart from Muavja set for the land owner a permanent and regular amount should be paid to the landlord on monthly/quarterly basis as rent income from property. 
3 0 Involvement  of more people and Transparency in the system can reduce corruption in public procurement. 
2 0 सर मुझे लगता है की भूमि बिल के नाम पर इक वेबसाइट बनाइये जिसमे लोग इस बिल से जुडी अपनी संका के अनुसार आपसे प्रश्न पूछेंगे जिनका जवाब आप जल्दी से जल्दी देने का प्रयत्न करे, जिससे जनता के पास सीधा आपका जवाब पहुंच जायेगा और जनता की इस बिल से जुडी संका दूर होजायेगा ! एक काम और हर वार्ड और पंचायत में आप अपने कुछ कार्यकर्ता को इस बिल की जानकारी दीजिये और वे अपने किसानो को इस बिल से जोड़ी सारे जानकारी देंगे और उनके प्रश्नो का उत्तर भी देंगे ! एक कार्यकर्ता मुझे भी बना लीजियेगा 
0 0 DEAR HONOURABLE PM SIR WE HAVE FORMED GROUP OF 11 MEMBER HAVING VISION OF STARTING SMALL ENTERPRISES RELATED TO AGRICULTURAL FIELD HAVING MOTO SELF EMPLOYMENT GENERATION BUT SIR WE DONOT HAVE THAT MUCH FINANCIAL ASSIATANCE FOR EXPANDING OUR SMALL ENTERPRISES INTO LARGE BUSINESS FOR CREATING EMPLOYMENT GENRATION AT OUT VILLAGE LEVEL SO HOW WE PROCESS OUR NEXT WAY FOR STARTING SMALL BUSINESS 
3 0 Gov should prioritize Bills. Judicial reforms, police reforms, good and clean education system(bereft of politician owned/aligned), robust healthcare, building green cover across cities, cleaning rivers (not just Ganga), building sports culture, promoting tourism etc instead of passing such bills 
2 0 Please read the attached file 
3 0 Sir, the recent mining tenders worth Rs. 40,000 crores released by NTPC have been framed to limit competition by disqualifying Indian subsidiaries of Foreign mining companies from participation in "Make in India." These conditions are against India's FDI Policy which permits 100% FDI in captive coal mining.  Motive is only to facilitate cartels to win contracts at high prices, though Indian contractors have no experience in such large mines. 
1 0 Sir, please review the procurement procedures of PSUs. Maharatnas like NTPC are Maha Corrupt, since their CMDs have procured their positions through money power and not through merit. However, even letters with specific and concrete complaints addressed to Power Secretary are not even acknowledged. 
1 0 Sir in our country have more intelligent player {all game} and he have more skill but he have no plateform sow our perform mostly rural areas people. 
1 0 It is presumed the Land Acquisition is relevant to the extent of portion of lands required by Farmers for the cultivation purposes to begin with may be more appropriate.A Message from slakshmanrao3@gmail.com 
0 0 Requirement of Land for different purposes have been very well debated.Whereas, the very fact is Farmers alone are capable of taking care of our every day food.If this be the mind set,Farmers will have a better life style at any given point of time.A mission out of Imagination to reality alone is in race.!!! That  is the present status.A message from slakshmanrao3@gmail.com 
2 1 ok it has been a long days with a lots of hindrances.still the land acquisition bill has not been able to got his form.i think it would be a debacle to the prime minister's make in india campaign.there should be a provision of free admission to any course like diploma degree engineering or any other course which would be beneficial to the his/her future.then they would have a reason to leave their lands for a great cause. 
0 0 Your LA Bill-2015 will nullify all your positive steps in your tenure as a Prime Minister. 
1 0 Large Departments where they have their own Procurement cell/divisions should consider forming a lead/central procurement cell/division to enter into Rate Contracts for common stores that will be required by its operational units in various locations in order to avoid repeat of Tendering exercise by all the procuring cells/divisions on the lines of DGS&D. 
0 0 Dear PM sir, I don't know what is forex market's advantage or disadvantage for indian govt. But if it is full approved by all bank or indian govt. then it will major role for change of unemployement with few time , also very good revenue collection from it. because it is 24 hr trading and 5 days in a week. all educated people will trade as full time or part time job for xtra very good income. 
1 0 Voter should cast their vote from their home. Please start initiative and change the old system of voting. Regard, Dibyendu Sarkar, Berhampore, W.B. Mobile 9932555506 
1 0 today i have read the blog by chetan bhagat on agriculture.and i also belongs to the village and agriculture. i realized the same situations in our villages.Government always give the discount and many more policies to the industrialist  and even not a single policy for farmers to help them so i request you to before make in India just start a new campaign #BakeinIndiaFirst i think it will help our farmers and youth to produce a employment and high quality of life please just take step. 
1 0 Auditing of accounts should be part of the all government offices. Grampanchayath to Central government should have transparent audit process through a Chartered accountant, which will change every 3 years. 
1 0 RFP for the procurement should also include quality and punishment for supplying wrong quality. Public procurement now looks at only low cost. RFP for vendors should also include quality parameters along with low price. Design and User experience should also be part of procurement tender. For example, a government building should be built with architecture of local culture using LEED platinum concepts. Another example, now the software supplied government departments are not really good. 
0 0 Please support me for my Rajyasabha membership 
0 0 Sir, Mai ek graduate hu. Mera koi criminal record nahi hai. Meri umar 31 sal hai. Mai bhi desh ki system me kam karna chahta hu. Sirf famous logo ko hi Rashtrapati ji Rajyasabha sadasya kyu niyukt karate hai? Samanya janta me se kisiko chance milna chahiye. Aur iski shuruwat sirf Modi sarkar hi kar sakti hai. Meri aapse vinti hai ki muze Rashtrapati ji dwara Rajyasabha member bananeka chance dijiye. Ek nayi rajneeti ki shuruwat hone dijiye sir. Sorry for mistake. Regards. Sandip Naikawadi. 
1 0 MODI JI PANCHAYATI RAJ KO AFSARSHAHI SE BACHAO NAHI TO PANCHAYATO KE ELECTION KI JARURAT HI KYA HE,SABHI KAAM ADMIN HI KAR LEGA 
0 0 MODI JI KENDRA DWARA JO FUND PANCHAYATO KE ACCOUNT ME DAALA JA RAHA HE USKO VAPAS DC KE AADESH DWARA SARPANCHO KO HIDAYAT DI GAI HE KI YE PESA AAP VAPAS ACTION KE ACCOUNT ME DALO,JISKA SARA KAAM ACTION KE DWARA WORK KIYA JAYEGA ,JAB ACTION KO HI KAAM KARNA HE TO KENDRA SARKAR DIRECT ACTION KE ACCOUNT ME PESA KYO NA DALE , FIR PANCHAYATO KA MATLAB HI KYA 
1 0 The reverse procurement auction method should be in sync with the tested Swiss Challenge system except that the Employer or the Procurement inviting agency invites auction for a project already prepared ! The internal mechanism for ensuring and mitigating integrity of Procurement is missing ! The International methodology of Procurement by leading financial institituions should be followe d including Quality cum Cost :: Stand alone Panel should be made for each sector in order to fast track ! 
0 0 Our gov should make a one I'd system .all Indian citizens have one I'd proff only which is made by gov co himself with new super confidential technique so that nobody can made a fake I'd proff like that and destroy all the vote cards ,driving licence,ration cardscards,pan card,aadhar card etc by doing this we create a strong system where gov should have all the knowledge about their citizens cards will operate by machines like ATM card ,personal record of citizens are also feed in them permanent 
5 0 पूरे भारत में यह नियम लागू किया जाना चाहिए कि जो भी व्यक्ति सरकारी नौकरी में है। चाहे वो कलेक्टर हो या SP या कोई अन्य कर्मचारी। सभी के बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल में ही पढेंगे और जिनके बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल में न पढते हो उन्हें सरकारी नौकरियों से निकाल दिया जाए। सभी लोग समझ सकते है कि जब जिले के कलेक्टर और SP तथा अन्य अधिकारीयों के बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल में पढ़ना आरम्भ कर देंगे, तो उन स्कूल में शिक्षा का स्तर क्या होगा और शिक्षक किस तरह की पढाई वहाँ करवाएँगे। 
1 0 too much policing in procurement is also very counter productive, mostly it kills SME. when a contract is drafted for SME, there are penalties and penalties....... when the same work is offered to bigger companies or foreign firms, the reward increases and penalties decrease. u need to amend this, and give your officers more powers and trust them. Overall failures will decrease and enterprise will grow 
2 0 sir I am regular traveller on Indian highway. I lot of time see the traffic jam on Toll gate as any Minister, Govt. Officer or any VIP person debate with Toll person for Toll exemption. Sir I like to request to cancel toll exemption to all people any ask to pay toll on Road. And ask them to show proof of paid toll and reclaim of respective office were he work. This will save our fuel also it will close issue to give extension for toll collection. 
0 0 चीन से हजारों टन रोज़ माल अत है और वोह भी "use and throw"किस्म का. जिस चीज़ पर ३७ रुपे कीमत लिखी है वोह भारत में २५० से लेकर ३०० तक बिकती है.अगर कोई पूछे की कीमत क्यूँ ज़ादा, इस पर लिखी और है और आप अधिक ले रहे हो तो जवाब मिलता है की तक्क्स बचाने के लिए कम कीमत लिखी है.इस से देश को दोहरा नुक्सान.क्या इस को चेक करने का कोई तरीका नहीं है की कीमत सही लिखी हो और सही कीमत से बेचा जाये.अगर सही में टैक्स बचाने के लिए लिखा है तो देश को कित्गना नुक्सान है.मेरा अनुरोध है की इस चीज़ को ध्यान से देखा जाये.धन्वाद 
0 0 INCLUDE CLAUSE MADE IN INDIA IN ALL PROCUREMENT OF THE GOODS AND SERVICE BY GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENT OF CENTRAL/STATE/PUBLIC SECTOR ENTERPRISES ETC. WILL ALSO MAKE ALL TO COME IN INDIA AND MAKE IN INDIA BY-DEFAULT AS GOVERNMENT OF INDIA IS LARGEST PROCURE OF THE GOODS/SERVICE IN INDIA 
1 0 there is a bill for procurement of goods, services and contracts. but what about public procurement of employees, which is done by UPSC, SSC and large number of state PSC. what is happening in UP PSC is visible to everyone. If a person is asked to pay several lakhs for written test, at interview time, that person will start bribery from the first day of his job to recover that bribe paid to procure that job. Why Modiji is not taking interest in reforming the archaic and stinking PSC culture? 
1 1 PLEASE CANCEL ALL THE RATION CARD BECAUSE IT MAKES GAP BETWEEN EACH OTHER. E.G  APL CARD IS NOW ID CARD MEANS NO RATION BPL CARD IS ONLY FOR SC BUT ENJOY TOP RICH PERSON suggestion :- link all ration card with adhar card and give all of us ration equal ratio. 
0 0 sorry to distrbing you i need amendment in property law shouldbe amended.mann ki bat m modi ji ap proprty law k bare m 2shabd khey. hmko uncle presan krta h niklo nikaldungaa ki dhmki deta h uska yha kuch b nai h dadi ko ovrdose se mara dada ko presan kiya ab hmey b presan krta h khi kki sunvai nhi hmlog bhut drey drey se rhte h ma papa b aged h gr m kou fecility nhi h dhnyawad 
0 0 Sir this is regarding procurement and selling of goods we are so huge economy and why don't we also establish a entity like flipkart or amazon where govt will procure goods from micro industries slums where various sculptors make beautiful and very cheap products this will increase the micro industries and our postal deptt will get a new life as we can add it as a courier agency and then why don't we also sell services through it let drivers plumbers mechanics etc list their services on portal 
0 0 E-procurement system has establish in our country but tender manage and department internal commission issue arise for newly contractors. 
1 0 Procurement by the gov should be 100% transparent with the exception of defense sector and those that cater to national security. All procurement should be accessible by any Indian citizen having an aadhar number. The bids for tenders should be available in the webportals and available for viewing by general public once the bidding process is complete. No provision of secrecy shall be made available in the bidding and execution process. 
3 0 Please launch a Website for JOBS where employer and employee can search for their jobs Seperate for private jobs and for govt jobs.This will be very helpful for all Indian persons. Please believe that lot of Pivate people pasted their requirements outside their premises but cannot post it on the website because website is not available. Please help Indians. 
0 0 Automation through systemised methodology will result some what better. Even our people are ready to break those, we need strict security applications in this area of procrument and payment methodology should be through banking channel without any compromise. 
1 0 in majority of central ministries, in procurement of goods and services, there is no transparency. in jan 2015 department of expenditure, published a list of 15 central departments, where e-procurement i not even started. secretaries of central departments, have been assured safety of tenure in their service rules and therefore they dont fear even their PM. Honble PM has done his best for controlling wholesale corruption, but dont have time for checking retail corruption, which is affecting us 
0 0 Dear sir, i want to know only one thing why indian gov. give extra benefit to minority. Kya parivar niojan sirf hindu ke lie hi hai kya or kisi ke lie nahi? Mere hisab se gov. ko hum do hmare do ko jyada sakhti se lagu karwana chahie. chaho wo koi hi kyon na ho? Plz do something for this. Plz 
1 0 Sir; aaj jo BJP ke neta bol rahe hi kya wo desh hit me hi. 
0 0 Govt. should put a mandatory clause for Vocational Certificate from Sector Skill Council in awarding every manpower procurement tender. It will improve work as well as Empower youth to understand about importance of Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojna. 
1 0 Dear PM This remark is reg. MMRCA procurement:if France is not willing to comply to RFP terms then we shuld talk to eurofighter and check if they are willing.Buying off the shelf run can save money initialy but in long term it can hurt.Local manufactur will ensure that IAF gets all spare parts and upgrades w/o depending on France,things that are currently going for SU 30 mki and jaguars.Please dont cancel the MMRCA deal atleast we shuld talk to eurofighter first before taking a final call 
0 0 Mr. Narendra Modi JI SE MERI YEHI DARKHWAST HAI KI WE YEH JO FORDGE SIN CARD SALE KO BAND KAREIN NAJNE IS FORGDE SIM CARD KE SALE SE KAHI GHATNAYE GHAT TI HAIN KAHI JANE JATI HAI. YEH SIM SALE KO BAND KAREIN . AGAR SIM SALE HO TO JO PURCHASER HAI WO APNA ID PROOF KA XEROX AUR EK PASSPORT SIZE PHOTE DE KAR CONNECTION LE. JISSE KOI DWIVIDA HI NAHI HOGI. 
0 0 PM MODI JI MY GOV ME EK OPTIOIN YE BHI HONA CHAHIYE KI KISI KO KOI SIKAYAT YA GROUD REALITY SHARE KARNA HO WO DIRECT KAR SAKE TAKI AAP REALITY SE BAKIF HO AUR PUBLIC KI PROVLEM BHI SOLVE HO.AUR AGAR HAI AUR HAME NAHI MALUM HAI TO PLEASE MSG ME.BAISE AAP PM TO SOLID HAI HI IS PAR THODA DHYAN DE TO HAM LOG KOI SIKAYAT YA REALITY BHI SHARE KAR SAKE THANKS SIR 
0 0 BGP#111*Organ and Skin or  Tissue Donation I think Govt should launch Web Portal to register intent to donate any suitable organs and tissue for transplantation. Publication: There should be an online registration system for voluntary organ donation. Voluntary donors will be able to register their names on the website So Needy will get vital organs like Heart, Kidney Lungs , Liver, Pancreas  Skin and Tissue Doations etc . There should be Privacy of data 
0 0 Due diligence needs to be given in terms of requirement gathering/understanding, designing/development and testing before launch of portal. There should be a road-map for various releases. Things are being implemented in hurry leaving end user difficult-to-use system rather than ease whether it is technical/financial evaluation or bid submission. 
1 0 . If a 5 rupee product is manufactured , they may sell the product to ten rupees for intermediaries and at last we get the product at 50 rupees cost from the seller, is it the right way  of gaining money. Ok let them gain, but how the common man can survive himself from such huge losses that he is getting indirectly, and loosing almost all his savings in such buying. Why MRP, y can’t it be Selling Price (SP), sharing the profits for both seller and customer. Kindly consider this issue & solve 
2 0 Please consider all these issues considering me as an illiterate ignored person who want to buy the daily need products for my life survival. Yes definitely the producer, seller chain have to survive by the gains, I am not objecting that. I am speaking in terms of food for living; every seller is fixing their own costs for the product in small towns like ours. We can’t go for super markets or metros as we don’t have such facilities in our town. 
1 0 Dear Modiji, I am not getting completely what’s happening with the basic producer, wholesaler, seller and customer chain in our country. If a product MRP price is mentioned as Rs.100 on some product such as palm oil or some other like soaps, hair oils etc...  In some shops they will give for 70 itself or with still less or more based on known and unknown people, these price stickers makes a lot of difference to buy a product for a common  man. 
0 0 भारत का सर मोदी जी ने दुनियां में ऊपर कर दिया. काश यह नेता आज से चालीस साल पहले होते तो भारत की स्थिति कुछ और होती.चलो देर आये दरुस्त आये.जनता का इन को पूरा साथ है. 
0 0 for common items it should be single negotiated vendor for all applicable common products like stationary, cleaning item etc,when item required it can be requested online. most of the big company follow this policy. Government can follow same methodology. 
1 0 Govt should have Classified Items List for all Purchase items with Price range for All Purchase items and should have minimum 3 Three Responsible officers of different Grade to verify and Approve the Same. Estimate or Bill Should be Verified from Sale Tax Deptt for TIN/CST and for Sale made and Tax paid on it. All Firms TIN/Service Tax numbers should be accessible through GST/Tax Authority Portal. So It can This wil 
0 0 Please Rectify the Requirement Process in Odisha. very low people working Govt. office 
0 0 Odisha Staff Selection Commission board Requirement in Contractual Appointment very low staff, but apply high level people. How to developed our odisha. Please watch Add image. 
0 0 Rationalization of Tariff Structure for making MAKE IN INDIA SUCCESSFUL 
0 0 The bill does not mention about any preference to small scale industries or entrepreneurs in procurement process. The GOI should mandate quality guidelines and necessary certifications for all materials that need to be procured and if a SSI or a new entrepreneurial venture has qualified on those quality parameters, then preferential treatment should be given to them. This would enable SSIs to have an assured future as long as they ensure quality and this directly helps Make in India (incl. Jobs) 
0 0 Sir Launch a webbased  procurement like flipcart or amazon for all Government agnecies. Ensure all procurements are undertaken from it to derive economy of scale 
0 0 Naree ki raksha, desh ki suraksha. 
0 0 All states have to start open Large Mandis (Producer to Consumer) in cities with better facility for the agriculture products stored well/kept & sold. In Mumbai, create 5-6 Big Mandis at different locations Vashi/Thane/Dadar/Andheri/Borivali/Byculla. This automatically reduces the cost for the buyer and better price for the seller. All this inflation problem can be tackled effectively. Due to middle man across this problem persists. Today Food bazar/Star bazar price is less and better quality. 
1 0 Please stick to poll promises rather than criticising previous Congrss govts. 
1 0 drastic changes are required in our judicial system, more than 60%fake cases are there due to corrupt judges and lawyers,most of the lawyers are renowned middle men for judges, a simple procedure should be laid which judges needs to follow in all the courts, Judges should be questioned and punished if the same procedure is not followed, lawyers should be punished if any case is found to be false. Please make some changes in the judicial system people are loosing faith 
1 0 कोई भी कंपनी / व्यक्ति अपने देनदारियों को एक निश्च्चित अवधि (२/३/४…) महीने से अधिक नहीं रोक कर रखे, क्योकि बड़े व्यापारी / उद्द्योग्पति छोटे व्यापारियों का पैसा रोक कर किसी अन्य जगह इन्वेस्ट कर देते है ,जबकि वह पैसा छोटे छोटे व्यापारियों / लोगो के पास वापस पहुंचेगा तो  अर्थव्यवस्था को नई गति मिलेगी ,इसके लिए कोई कानून लाया जाये ताकि छोटे व्यापरी अपने ही पैसे के मोहताज न रहे, आज हो ये रहा है की  बड़े व्यापारी / उद्द्योगिक घराने  छोटे व्यापारियों का पैसा रोककर  नए इन्वेस्ट कर केवल खुद का फायदा कर र 
1 0 PM, we have great expectations from you that is the reason voted you to power and congress lost but your government is doing/saying what Congress use to say then what is the benefits will India get by voting you to power over Congress, I am trying to say that BJP government is taking U-turn means Rajnath said when BJP was not in power said that "if we come to power we will bring truth of netaji Subhash Bosh death" now as home minister saying that we can't disclose what is in files, pls think 
0 0 लोक प्रापण विधेयक 
1 0 SIRJI PLEASE HELP FARMERS AS BEING FROM FARMER FAMILY I AM SENDING THIS VIEW FROM CYBER CAFE FROM VILLAGE BECAUSE IN MY VILLAGE MANY FARMERS DIED SO PLEASE HELP FARMERS OF INDIA 
1 0 1.The whole bill must be updated & upgraded. The best techniques must be utilized in the procurement bill. 
1 0 Procurement shall be made cautiously, Records of purchased and consumed materials linked in a transparent manner so that wastage of procured materials in store can be avoided. 
1 0 It is indeed very regrettable that Standing Committee intentionally delayed to lapse the bill. The bill is very much wanted to prevent all kinds of corruption adopted in procurement and bring transparency and make the officials accountable for any lapses.But regrettably it  seems it was deliberately lapsed. The bill must be enacted for eradicating  corruption in all spheres of procurement and save robbing of peoples' money 
1 0 THIS COMPANY IS CONTROLLED BY RUBBER BOARD UNDER THE MINISTERY OF COMMERCE.90 PERCRNTAGE OF THE COMPANY CARRYING BY RUBBER BOARD.BUT THE COMPANY REGISTRTED AS A PRIVATE COMPANY.THE EMPLOYEED GET A LOW SCALE OF SALARY AND OTHER BENEFITS.THE EMPLOYEES FELL IN A DEEP TROUBLE MADE BY THE RUBBER BOARD OR THE COMPANY.300 EMPLOYEES LOST THEIR LIFE WITH THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS.NOBODYCAN HELP NOW.SO ANY BODY CAN MAKE A HELP AND A DECISSION IN THIS MATTER.IF ANY ONE READY TO HELP US DO IT PLEASEDO 
1 0 RESPECTED SIRS I WRITE A LOT TO ALL MINUSTERS INCLUDING RESPECTED P M AND MADAM NIRMALA STHARAMSN FOR A FINANCIAL HELP TO THE COMPANY RUBBERWOOD INDIA AT KOTTAYAM IN KERALA STATE.NO RESPONDS YET NOW.I CAN REALIZE THAT NOBODY READY TO HELP US.BECAUSE WE R FROM KERALA.OTHER WISE WHY NOBODY  MAKE HELP TO US.THE PARTY BJP TOO AVOID US.IT IS TOO LATE NOW.RESPECTED P M AND OTHER MINUSTERS NOT READY TO HELP US.OTHER WISE THE INTERACT WITH PM AND MY GOV SYSTEM NOT LISTEN IF LISTEN RESPOND IT 
1 0 The revelations: Subhas Chandra Bose's family homes were kept under surveillance between 1948 and 1968.  Never ever trust Nehru-Gandhi family. The betrayal to patriotism, mistrust and exploitation run in the Nehru-Gandhi genes. This must be the intergenerational teaching for true Indians and the Government must not insult further the true sons of the soil by hiding the facts and sheltering the tyrant of the nations in the guise of international harmony. Veiled realism cannot build the nation. 
1 0 Policy can applied to wastage management+salvage management. That if un used items or partially used items or wastaed items to be re-picked up back by set vendors & should be different vendors to avoid CIRCULAR TRADING after 6 months of procurment only. Food & Bevarages, grains, farmer suppliers to FCI also can be applied such policy. Salvage / wastage policy to be applied with Swatch Bharat Abhiyan. Different ministries can apply security cover depending upon its needs of secracy it can load mo 
1 0 Order placement to full & final payment, entire cycle to made electronic including SMTP FTP with various vendor systems. Based value per item/product gradation of Bill-Of_material to be made & accordingly procurement policy to be defined. Higher the per item product & over budget, higher would be level of scrutiny & higher would be approval process at Govt machinary but must be electronic strictly. Policy approval by Cheif Secretoery & minister & procedure per category by other lower officer 
1 0 Principles: Anonymity, Transparency, Certainty of service, payments to vendors, OEM etc Categorisation items / products to be procured as well as categorisation vendors / suppliers, Re-Ranking of both every 2/3 years, creterion of ranking to revisited & should be based on qualitative / quantitative inputs & scoring parameters. At least 3 suppliers to be identified & selected per item / product on electronic bidding basis without having access to highest of secretory in govt. 
1 0 The news, "Call rates, SMS to cost less while roaming from May 1 2015 - now, with hands in glove nexus with TRAI, Telecom operators will charge different packs -  another trap for Indians to get more cheated. Indians are the victims of materialistic positivism. Boycott telephone use for 6 months to break this nexus between TRAI & Telecom operators and to have 'one India' - one SIM card and 'one tariff'' and 'free number portability across country'. Competition must be on reach and call quality. 
1 0 How Serious is Govt of India (Honourable PM Mr Modi Govt - Modi Sarkar) about implementing GST ? still Await the reply on last Email how the 3 types of GST Like CGST, SGST & IGST would Set off with each other & How will India become Seamless Business Network with so many GST how will India become User friendly.As a Small Medium Enterprise how many Dept & local bodies one has to satisfy.Bcoz if   Dual Triple GST is introduce how it is becoming Single Indirect Tax structure ? How GST purpose meet? 
2 0 We need to stop the collusion among the sellers and the officers involved in procurement. 
1 0 bureaucracy is the biggest obstacle to reforms in economy, which modi ji want to create jobs and win 2019 LS elections. this is my experience of 27 years in central government. in lower and middle ranks in all central ministries, officers are seated for 5-7 years doing nothing to fast track reforms, but neither they are removed nor rotated to other ministries as CVC rules. when will Modiji start taking interest in affairs of all ministries or he will continue to be guided by PMO officers only 
1 0 First come out of the veil of deceptivity. Be honest and have the courage to declare whose interest protection is TRAI's purpose of existence. Address the basics: 1. One India - one SIM Card - One tariff (why roaming / why multiple tariff /why no number portability all across the country???) - encourage competition only on the quality and reach of services. 2. One India - one internet tariff for connectivity - one speed - why multiplicity / why so much discussion??? 
1 0 Vendor rating should be done diligently. Capacity verification of firms done sincerely, feedback from past clients should be obtained. All top procurement officers be kept under intelligence surveillance. Chanakya had said, a king must keep a tab of all his mantris and any one found to be dishonest or working against the interest of the state should be awarded exemplary punishment and the honest ones rewarded. 
0 0 By this our Govt can save in million per year. All govt dept are purchasing on credit basis by sellers and sellers not sell there items on credit. so middle man pay in cash and against it they earn more then 20% commission for supplying items. they also provide 3 or 4 bills as per your requirement. we can't do anything. it happen all over country. Its great loss of country every year. There must be direct purchase procedure/permission from sellers or over internet site ie. ebay, flipcart, snapde 
1 0 Procurement in Govt should be like procuring for self. Thus do away with L1 policy. If I buy a TV I shortlist the best 2 or 3 brands, then study them in details and buy the best. For Govt procurement also follow the same model. We can use SEBI data to determine leaders in a segment for procurement. All bidding should be online. Reserve price should be fixed based on input costs, labour, manufacturing processes etc. this will ensure no cartelization. Self Certification where possible. 
1 0 In offices there are lots of corruptions and delay. All central and State govt. work must be done on internet for transparency. All doc must be on net via scan. Work must be transfer in time to his superior and he also have time limit for same. there must be procedure for fine/punishment against (local) head of the Dept cause he is getting salary and facility for that and it must be upload over internet so we and other may know the result for people which not work in time. 
1 0 31 Mar is a nightmare for government officers to complete allotted budget funds. Items are not received and the bills are forced to be passed by Head of offices. Funds if released and settled on quarterly basis the irregularities could be minimized. The items received up to 28 Feb alone to be counted for current financial year. It would allow one month time for verification of receipt of materials, installation of equipments if any 
1 0 Please could you make all government more efficient? Please could you do talk with man ki baat with all govt employees? If they work whole nation will work. I am not saying they that they are not working but more efficient will help for us/country. 
2 0 For fair land acquisition, once the area and land is finalized for acquisition, 80% land owners must agree to it, acquire it at market rate (not jantri rate), give land owner an option to be a share holder in the project, if the project is not executed (start to finish and working) in time or the purpose of acquisition changes, the land owner should get the land back. This will make the government and the private company who is acquiring the land responsible for timely completion of project. 
1 0 There needs to be a single point registration for SMEs wherein after registration all e-tenders or tenders in their areas are uploaded. also there should be some procedures where in the Panchayats could also participate in e- tenders and get work done from the residents in the panchayats and benefits or profits are directly used in the welfare of the areas and these can be linked with MNERGA where womens can also participate and help their families - these can in areas of stationeries pen making 
1 0 continue... bjp government so we request you mr narendra modi the people of mira bhayandar please disclose the matter of house taxes foreeverwhich is lot of burderns and taxes on maharasthra states please do the needfull thank you 
1 0 Hi this sanjay gonsalves from the state maharasthracity mira bhayandar we have the probelem of your mla mr narendra L mehta whose being taking his own decession againt the commitee without informing the  vidhan sabha ministers the problem is he has increased the prices of water taxes and house taxes in a tribble manner which is not afforable to the people of mira bhayandar which was headeache of previous government mlawho had already increased the pricess mr narendra mehta is spoiling your image 
1 0 I recently visited Municipal office for some complain but was lost on where to go? what is the procedure to get complaint registered, there was nothing mentioned which could help any normal person to understand, my suggestion is why there can't be any "May i Help You" desk in all these type of offices so they can help common man visiting offices? 
1 0 Why don't you opposing the decision taken by several states regarding beef ban. Veda, Mahabharata are man made as the way Kuran n Bible. Veda, Mahabharata admit the fact of beef eating then I request you to oppose the beef ban. Regard, Dibyendu Sarkar (Partho), Berhampore, W.B. 
1 0 Simple steps should b advertised through social media, abt supply to govt deptts. Most of small mfrs donot know the procedures, how to supply govtgovt.small scale can create lot of jobs for less educated people.make 50 % quota for small scale sector. Remove conditions of registration etc for suuply to govt. Simply ask best quote online . Govt can promote small units by this step 
2 0 Sir, 50% of total purchases by govt /psu/ state govt , should b done fm manufacturers having turnover less than 5 crores in last 3 years. There should b no need of registration with any agency. Bcs small people can not afford this, only well educated can get registered n get the benefit.small scale sector needs special care this time, with simple systems in place.this sector can create lot of jobs for less educated people. 
1 0 If nation needs development farmer also needs d same we can't neglect them, put all d load on them. We can't commit this sin to rob them. We can't see them as weaker section. They should be made industry partners in case industry gets land from them for their set up 
1 0 If govt employs need a dearness allowance increase to fulfill their needs farmers too need a gud price of their crop to live in this world where all other products are becoming expensive except farmers produce. 
0 0 Sir plz make farmers equity partner of industry in the land acquisition bill and don't let them to be robbed by industry and govt as done before and this will remove d problem of rehabilitation , also provide them sufficient prices of their crops so that they don't suicide 
0 0 RAM RAM sir , Aap se vinti hai ki aap BSNL ki sudh le. or jo yaha per mazdoor kam karte hai un ke bare me pata kare,un becharo ko abhi tak aap ke raj me bhi 4500/ ke karib mil rahe hai.jab ki Dc rate  8400/hai. pl see 
1 0 Modi ji please provide one column to discuss about women security also......... because we need change 
1 0 Yesterday Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam mentioned that formers whoever given land for #ppbill they can be considers as a share holders in that plan, it may be private/government. I felt it ensures formers life safety in long run. This bill is not clear in terms of industry types, land pricing and judiciary interaction. In any case government should not stop any one to move court in case of any injustice happen to Indian citizen. Government should come forward for open debate with people of India. 
1 0 Labour Laws are vastly violated by our concerned departments. This causes heavy difference between public and private sector employees. Even if we have adequate laws, they are not satisfactorily implemented. Local and State Governments should be strictly monitored. 
1 0 why private sector is being neglected by govt of India, while GDP is growing by Private industries and only benefits given for govt employees not for Private sector employees.Is inflation affects only govt employees, so the central govt periodically increase the percentage of inflation fund, so we request to Honorable PM Mr. Narendra Modi; for taking concern in making a policy for Private employees welfare also. 
1 0 So as economist rotten wheat is more profitable than normal wheat. So why we should spend money to preserve the wheat. Now how can we increase the gov income via normal wheat more than the normal wheat. Reply me the answer or suggestion otherwise some ideas for it i will share tommorow 
0 0 Just like this agri field is the ultimate source of economy, every field is depend on it in some forms. So we need to make it organised one. For eg: rotten wheat or rice used in production of beer or wine products, government take a good amount of tax from their manufactures. So gov. thought beer or wine industry is a profitable field so plan its budget to enhance this field. But if normal rice or wheat come in market gov have to pay not only its msp and its storage cost but also get less tax 
0 0 If this field become profitable to common man only, government will not take any interest in this field. This field remain only for politically profit neither for country nor for the common man. So how can we make this field more profitable to government than industrial field? We have to manage this field properly. Sun is the ultimate source of energy but we use its energey not only in solar energy form but also in different form such as hydropower or air turbine even fossil energy products 
2 0 How can we change this condition because every body lookafter on profit given side so if our government not lookafter agri field what is wrong in this? Now we talk about the ground facts. Despite of small portion of budget our economy depend upon agri becoz our major population is linked to the agri field.So Any good or bad decision in this field make a huge impact on population. If we want to grow up this field we have to make it profitable to government. 
2 0 We have to deal our agri field just like other industrial field. But there is a big problem what is that. That is the so called loss via different mean such as subsides etc In agriculture field. And even no profit in form of taxes from the people of agri fields. On the other hand industrial field took some amount of subsidy but provide a good income in form of taxes to the government. Thats why our government budget has more role in industrial sector and very less in agri sector. 
1 0 Yet we called india is a agri dependedent economy. But is it really dependent? If we see budget of india we can say a big no. But when we look upon the people of india we can say yes. Here i am talking about people of india not people of certain cities of india. If we want to strenthen our agri economy we have to strengthen our farmers not only financially but with infrastructure and agri science knowledge. We can spend much money on compensation but on infrastructure our budget is deficit 
1 0 sir why dont u provide an income tax rebate to those employees who have girl child and like ppf is deducted from salary likewise girl child fund should also be deducted and that amount will be withdrawn at the time of marriage of girl child or higher education for girls this will direct benefit the employees and no extra more amount will be spend . 
1 0 It' important to move towards all incoming field and improve the conditions for low-incoming field.There are lots of agricultural products that should be processed and sold it on International markets.Also, ADVT. of Indian products should be done in multi-nation to make them popular.It will automatically increase the demand of Indian goods through different nations. 
1 0 Ram Ram Desh wasiyo ... mai rajasthan ke ! chote sai gaav ADUKA ka sarpanch hu or mai chata hu ki Apne desh ke vikash ke liye gaav ke star par vikash karu mai app sab sai umeed karta hu app ka sahyog mere sath rhega or vikash karya mai sahyog milega umeed hai ki my govt ke jariya mai app ke samne apne gaav ke vikash ki baat rakh sakta hai umeed hai ki vikash ki suruvat mai app ka sahyog jarur milega Mohan lal sahrma(9829322624) 
0 0 प्रिय प्रधान मंत्री महोदय, दुनिया हमारे देश के किसानों देश जानता है कि । अतः आप किसानों बैंक शुरू कर सकते हैं । ताकि किसानों ऐसे बैंकों से आसान ऋण प्राप्त कर सकते हैं। आपका बहुत बहुत धन्यवाद। अनिल लोखंडे औरंगाबाद, महाराष्ट्र 
1 0 hi my first post government offices timings should be 9 a.m to 4.00 p.m and private sector sector should be from 11.00 a.m to 6.00 p.m so that every indian will be able to complete or file their work 
3 0 Main problem is unawareness of Procurement bill.We have to make a simple process for the advertisement of this bill so that maximum people will know the future benefits of this bill.For the adv. we can follow below methods 1) Through social media like  Whatsapp,Facebook,Twiter 2) Through public figures like Mr. Amitabh Bachhan,Sachin Tendulkar etc. 3) Through Radio,TV,Mobile Messages Then we have to make a process for collecting public feedback on bill and change the bill according to them. 
1 0 SIRJI JAB HAMAARA DESH KISAANKA DESH HAI TO HAMAARE DESH ME KISAAN BANK HONA CHAHIYE. JO SIRF KISAANKO KARJ DE SAKE . KISAAN AASANISE KARJ NAHI LE PAATA ISLIYA BAZZARKE FINANCER GALAT TARIKE KISANOKO LUTATE HAI. NATIJA KISAAN AATMA HATYA KARNEKE LIYE MAJBUR HOTA HAI.  AAP INITIATIVE LEKE ( JAAISE AAPNE BRICS BANK ,BANK FOR WOMEN SMALL BUSINESSMAN AUR HOUSING ESE ESE KITNE BANK THODESE LOGOKE LIYE KHOLE HAI. )PLS OPEN KISAAN BANK. 
1 0 dear sir hamne india me dekha ki ghar baneki koi ruprekha nahi hai jaha nali nahi rasta nahi log wahape bhi ghar banake fit hai kuch log khet me bhi ghar banate hai jis ko jaha man lage wahi pe ghar banaliya iss system ko nahi sudharenge to sunder india bananeka sapna chakna chur hoga. 
1 0 to bring bhumi adhigrahan bill, i think PM should personally talk to the farmers it self and tell the advantages and disadvantages of the bill. the bill should be design in such a way that nobody can make a misuse of it eg. wadra case. it should be advantageous to the farmers and not for any ministers. Govt. should help farmers by meeting them personally in their bad times and support them to increase irrigational production. farmers suiciede cases should stop in all respects. 
1 0 bhumi adhigrahan bill jo aap la rahe ho use public domain me circulate kar do gao gao me BJP karyakarta uske benifits samjayange...q ki uski jankari nhi hone aur missconception ke wajahse aapki aur sarkar ki bohot badnami ho rahi hai. hume pata hai wo bill kisano ke liye accha hai bt opposition wale galat salat bate faila kae=r rural areas me badnami faila rahe hai... 
1 0 Plz check my last comment ...with pic.. 
1 0 It is my advice for transport minister 
0 0 If the land is having joint patta ie if it belongs to many, some dominant group stealthily get the money with out the knowledge of other stakeholders.Hence the Govt should monitor whether amount  has been distributed to all stakeholders correctly. 
0 0 Land acquisition bill must fortify and must remove the apprehensions of the farmers. Though most of the farmers who sell the land may be benefited, the cash in hand will endanger their future life since they do not know how to keep it long for the welfare of the family. Govt may give both long and short term bonds which can be en cashed  based on necessity. 
1 0 IEEE is having the biggest database of papers and journals. All those papers are accessible only to it's members and on a payment basis. Why are they not providing the information free of cost? Dont you feel information and knowledge are to be shared? Like we get free inspiration from ted. Modi Govt can help us to register and free access of IEEE ? 
1 0 We can save money which is going out from India.... 
1 0 often with a special debit card provided by a bank or insurance plan. If the balance on this account runs out, the user then pays claims just like under a regular deductible. Users keep any unused balance or "rollover" at the end of the year to increase future balances, or to invest for future expenses. 
1 0 Consumer-driven health care (CDHC), defined narrowly, refers to third tier health insurance plans that allow members to use health savings accounts (HSAs), Health Reimbursement Accounts (HRAs), or similar medical payment products to pay routine health care expenses directly, while a high-deductible health plan (HDHP) protects them from catastrophic medical expenses. High-deductible policies cost less, but the user pays routine medical claims using a pre-funded spending account, often with a 
1 0 Some states operate a program known as the Health Insurance Premium Payment Program (HIPP). This program allows a Medicaid recipient to have private health insurance paid for by Medicaid. As of 2008 relatively few states had premium assistance programs and enrollment was relatively low. Interest in this approach remained high, however 
1 0 of individual disability income insurance, which provides benefits when an insured person is unable to work because of illness or inju 
1 0 People with disabilities who do not have a work history and who receive Supplemental Security Income, or SSI, are enrolled in Medicaid as a mechanism to provide them with health insurance. Persons with a disability, including blindness or physical disability, deafness, or mental illness can apply for SSI. However, in order to be enrolled, applicants must prove that they are disabled to the point of being unable to work. In recent years, a substantial liberalization occurred in the field 
1 0 Medicaid is a program intended for those with low income, but a low income is not the only requirement to enroll in the program. Eligibility is categorical—that is, to enroll you must be a member of a category defined by statute; some of these categories include low-income children below a certain age, pregnant women, parents of Medicaid-eligible children who meet certain income requirements, and low-income seniors. The details of how each category is defined vary from state to state. 
0 0 A high-deductible health plan (HDHP) is a health insurance plan with lower premiums and higher deductibles than a traditional health plan. Being covered by an HDHP is also a requirement for having a health savings account.[1] Some HDHP plans also offer additional "wellness" benefits, provided before a deductible is paid. High-deductible health plans are a form of catastrophic coverage, intended to cover for catastrophic illnesses 
0 0 a preferred provider organization (or PPO, sometimes referred to as a participating provider organization or preferred provider option) is a managed care organization of medical doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers who have agreed with an insurer or a third-party administrator to provide health care at reduced rates to the insurer's or administrator's clients. 
0 0 HMO covers care rendered by those doctors and other professionals who have agreed by contract to treat patients in accordance with the HMO's guidelines and restrictions in exchange for a steady stream of customers. HMOs cover emergency care regardless of the health care provider's contracted status. 
0 0 A health maintenance organization (HMO) is an organization that provides or arranges managed care for health insurance, self-funded health care benefit plans, individuals, and other entitie 
0 0 The MHS also provides, where space is available, health care to dependents of active duty service members, to retirees and their dependents, and to some former spouses 
0 0 Its primary mission is to maintain the health of military personnel, so they can carry out their military missions; and to deliver health care during wartime. Often described as the medical readiness mission, this effort involves medical testing and screening of recruits, emergency medical treatment of troops involved in hostilities, and the maintenance of physical standards of those in the armed services. 
0 0 ts primary mission is to maintain the health of military personnel, so they can carry out their military missions; and to deliver health care during wartime. Often described as the medical readiness mission, this effort involves medical testing and screening of recruits, emergency medical treatment of troops involved in hostilities, and the maintenance of physical standards of those in the armed services. 
0 0 The Military Health System is the enterprise 
0 0 he Military Health System is the enterprise 
0 0 Health Reimbursement Accounts are funded solely by the employer, and cannot be funded through employee salary deductions. The employer sets the parameters for the Health Reimbursement Accounts, and unused dollars remain with the employer - they do not follow the employee to new employment. 
0 0 A health savings account (HSA) is a tax-advantaged medical savings account available to taxpayers 
0 0 that provides comprehensive health services for individuals age 55 and over who are sufficiently frail to be categorized as "nursing home eligible" by their state's Medicaid program. Services include primary and specialty medical care, nursing, social services, therapies (occupational, physical, speech, recreation, etc.), pharmaceuticals, day health center services, home care, health-related transportation, minor modification to the home to accommodate disabilities, and anything else the program 
0 0 Program of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE ) 
0 0 State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP 
0 0 Paper forms or an FSA debit card, also known as a Flexcard, may be used to access the account funds. 
0 0 The most common type of flexible spending account, the medical expense FSA (also medical FSA or health FSA), is similar to a health savings account (HSA) or a health reimbursement account (HRA). However, while HSAs and HRAs are almost exclusively used as components of a consumer-driven health care plan, medical FSAs are commonly offered with more traditional health plans as well. In addition, funds in a HSA are not lost when the plan year is over, unlike funds in an FSA. 
0 0 Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act[1] (also called the Medicare Modernization Act or MMA) is a federal law of the United States, enacted in 2003 
0 0 Once the plan deductible is met in a given year, the HDHP will pay any remaining covered medical expenses in that year. If there are funds remaining in the MSA at the end of the year, the funds can either roll over for the following year or can be withdrawn as taxable income. 
0 0 Medical savings account  is remaining in your all schemes Medical savings account means : a medical savings account (MSA) refers to a medical savings account program, generally associated with self-employed individuals, in which tax-deferred deposits can be made for medical expenses. Withdrawals from the MSA are tax-free if used to pay for qualified medical expenses. The MSA must be coupled with a high-deductible health plan (HDHP). Withdrawals from MSA go toward paying the deductible expenses 
0 0 TAG-LINE for career center: "NIRVAAH SE NIRMAAN TAK" "AAPKI NIYUKTI, DESH KI TARAKKI" 
0 0 In government we usually see the lack of check and balances, so In my opinion until we create a proper mechanism with decentralisation of information we won't find success.The solution can be found via technology. the every step and details which are not against national interest, should be declared on website with full details and live track record.Also, the responsibility and liability must be fixed and the guilty must be punished for non-performance.The time-bound actions should be mandatory. 
0 0 there must be a act or law for those who (government officer under IAS, IAS or on permanent post in gov. enterprise) are taking/demanding money. the money which is demanded by them should be taxable and should be transfer directly to there accounts. there must be a relaxation for vendor in terms of tax who is paying the demanded money. In short the under table commission should be made publically. 
0 0 Once the purchase order is issued and finalized, the certain purchase details like date of PO, item purchased, its complete specs/make/model,its quantity, rate and other price terms etc. other than the name of the supplier and the name of the purchaser be recorded in national procurement data base and are made available to all public Procurement managers for comparison/guidance. 
0 0 vRecommendation for land acquisition Bill: We have to found out the maximum income from that land and give an amount as compensation whose interest from Govt. Bank for ten years Monthly income scheme should be equal.Every farmer should declare his earning from land by himself only, which will be verified by income tax.I think this may solve the problem otherwise land mafia like Robert Bhadra will be benefited from this protest as they will sell their land latter to govt. or Industrialist . 
0 0 Dear Mr. Narendra Modi - Prime Minister of India. Sir, I have travelled by Shinkansen bullet train in Japan. I like your views, thoughts to bring the bullet train project over to India. the project cost is very huge. In order to reduce the cost of the project and speedy implementaion, may I suggest to purchase Second hand Shinkansen Bulltet train from Japan ?This will reduce overall project duration and cost. Please let me know your thought process. Thanks., 
0 0 Sir, i sincerely request that a defence forces reforms commission should be enacted for betterment of defence forces.Since these acts were enacted in 1950, the socio economic conditions has changed and highly educated people are being recruitted in armed forces. 
0 0 In many instances, the process is managed by officials who are ill-equipped with necessary aptitude and expertise to assess 'business value' of a solution and technical / qualitative comparision. Lack of accountability due to transferable jobs, promotions, and opaque assessment of delivery performance further add to the challenge. Example, instead of buying a an item at ₹100 that lasts for 3yrs, why not buy one at ₹140 that lasts for 5 yrs? 
0 0 Dear Sir, As per my Opinion, Government should give tender to Small Scale Industries. Today's Situation SSI are in Critical conditions. Give some Criteria in Public Procurement Bill. It will help to Create Equality in all Citizens of India. Thanks 
0 0 Have u think about poor people's children education in privet school. Modi ji, Apse kai log ki aas judi hai. Please aap garib logo ke bachho ko achhe pravet school me padhane ka sapna pura karoge. achhe school ki fees itni hoti hai ki hm use afford kabhi nahi kar sakte or chhote school me ya govt. school me padhai aisi nahi hoti ki bachhe age badh sake. so please modi ji aap koi aisa samadhan dhunde ki hm garib bhi apne bachcho ko achhe privet school me padha sake Thankyou 
0 0 sirji ap sa binti ha ki land bill co logo ko thik sa samjahaia kiskiya is ki it na jarurate hai.matlab hum log serif bolta hai ki china itna devlope hogaya singapur itna devlope hogaya hong kong itna devlope ho gaya ,magar hum desh basi nahi samagta ki un desh o ka law kanun alag hai agar un jaisa devlope karna hai to hama vi o desh jaisa land polici law economi loaw ar zero curroption law apna na hoga nahi to india kabhi devlope nahi hoga apas ma hum log larta rahanga ar bakar hoka maranga. 
0 0 utomatically online hi check kar sakte hai or tax bhar sakte hai, har Pan card holder or business man ke pass EK user id or password hoga taki woh every month online apna return bhar sake or kitna bharna hai woh automatically systems hi bata dega 
0 0 Good innovation are key to get good growth in our Country Exports, So through Public Procurement Bill we should in courage quality procurements only......Regards. 
0 0 Have u think about poor people's children education in privet school. Modi ji, Apse kai log ki aas judi hai. Please aap garib logo ke bachho ko achhe pravet school me padhane ka sapna pura karoge. achhe school ki fees itni hoti hai ki hm use afford kabhi nahi kar sakte or chhote school me ya govt. school me padhai aisi nahi hoti ki bachhe age badh sake. so please modi ji aap koi aisa samadhan dhunde ki hm garib bhi apne bachcho ko achhe privet school me padha sake Thankyou 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, From last couple of years it has been observed that lot of non standard and Chinese items getting procured through public procurement process specially in Research and Medical organisations. Tender is always two bid system but all non standard and Chinese product and equipments are getting in because they comply all desired technical specs and user also has to approve at least three companies to full fill condition of public Procurement Process. ....continued 
0 0 define standards for all products and enforce high reward and penalty system for compliance to std/non-std products. demand ISO standard for all products. decentralise procurement and eprocurement is the way. create transparant portal with statistics. 
0 0 Supplier Selection should be done on the basis of: 1. Quality Norms Fulfillment, if not there should be penalty/recovery 2. Compliance to Indian safety standards with extra safety margin 3. Matching with fair value of product price, but need not be lowest price unless justifying with reduced costs due to use of new technology/innovative ideas 4. Reward for innovation and/or significant cost reduction without compromising quality 5. Long term validity 6. Revision of acceptance criteria 
0 0 Make point system. Country of origin, technical compliance, lead time, price etc. Once order is placed compliance should be driven by major inspection and quality assurance by third party inspectors. Periodic inspection by govt agencies and if found out of specification, bar those inspecting agencies and supplier for life. See how the system works on its own. 
0 0 Below are how international companies procure. 1. Detailed product specification ( this should be pan India)for bidding process. 2. Approved vendor list of manufacturing plants. Manf plant should be inspected and approved by the govt body. 3. Bidding should be online only for approved suppliers for major products. 4.Bidder shall clearly provide exceptions if any at bidding. 5. Buyer to short list top three technically compliant bidders. 6. Only once technical is finalized commercial to bid 
0 0 Yesterday ie 4/4/2015 I have send an alternate proposal of joining rivers by regd book post.Rqst confirm receipt 
0 0 Yesterday ie 4/4/2015 I have send an  alternate proposal of joining by regd book post.Rqst  confirm receipt 
0 0 all procurement on day to day basis should be visible to taxpayers for their participation. 
1 0 Good innovation are key to get good growth in our Country Exports, So through Public Procurement Bill we should in courage quality procurements only......Regards....Devesh Mehrotra 
0 0 Sir.. If we will use quality then only can produce quality. At least in Research and Medical organisation should have liberty to procure only quality and standard equipments / products. Or We should adapt mechanism to procure material through L 2 bidder if  L1 and L 2 price difference in not more than 10% to 12% because getting L 1 in tender is very much easy but getting L 2 in the tender bid is difficult. Our Research institutes are very much involve in innovations....Continued 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, From last couple of years it has been observed that lot of non standard and Chinese items getting procured through public procurement process specially in Research and Medical organisations. Tender is always two bid system but all non standard and Chinese product and equipments are getting in because they comply all desired technical specs and user also has to approve at least three companies to full fill condition of public Procurement Process. ....continued 
0 0 Respected Modi Ji Brand equity of any person is the degree of perception of persons about his fair dealing with the stakeholders on consistent basis .I have perception that YOU are honest and hardworking LEADER. However when I saw the same treatment meted out to Mr  Khamika Ji like Congress, how the honesty can be expected from your Govt. Citizens are hungry to see corrupt being put beyond BAR,but you are punishing honest officers which are rare.Perception changes fast.Kindly intervene quickly. 
1 0 The initial efforts to change the corruptive system from tax department, CCTV camara should be installed in chabers of all the assessing officer. further, accountability should be fixed, if assessment made prejudice to assessee or prejudice to revenue interest, without following law of land or judgement of apex court. 
0 0 Have u think about poor people's children education in privet school. Modi ji, Apse kai log ki aas judi hai. Please aap garib logo ke bachho ko achhe pravet school me padhane ka sapna pura karoge. achhe school ki fees itni hoti hai ki hm use afford kabhi nahi kar sakte or chhote school me ya govt. school me padhai aisi nahi hoti ki bachhe age badh sake. so please modi ji aap koi aisa samadhan dhunde ki hm garib bhi apne bachcho ko achhe privet school me padha sake Thankyou 
0 0 There should be standard document for each type of procurement i.e. RFP, Tender, quotation etc. and this document based on the ground reality not on the junk condition which cannot be realistic, the condition shall be doable and executable without any delay, no harsh condition shall be put in the document, due to unrealistic condition arbitration will occur and delay the project.FIDIC like document to be drafted to suit the Indian condition for all type of procurement. 
0 0 This is bring to your kind notice that most of the PSU Banks are coming up with RFP, EOI and Tenders on Alternate Channels which are guided by short term requirements and/or just for sake of showing those projects higher officials for getting promoted. Post that these projects on which taxpayer money is invested put in the Junk! Need to have mechanism to study and report such instances! For Single requirement they come up with as many as three or four RFP without any conclusion. 
0 0 iske liye ek APP bhi bana sakte hai taki koi bhi kahi bhi use kar sakta hai 
0 0 automatically online hi check kar sakte hai or tax bhar sakte hai, har Pan card holder or business man ke pass EK user id or password hoga taki woh every month online apna return bhar sake or kitna bharna hai woh automatically systems hi bata dega 
0 0 Dear Sir, Mereco Sales Tax department ko billing ke bare me batana hai how i can suggest them, Yeh ek total paper less bill ke bareme hai or fake bill bhi band ho sakta hai tax chori bhi kam kar sakte hai or total online kar sakte hai, Ek business men ko commercial tax department me jane ki jarurat nahi hai, Sales or purchase invoice ki hard copy or record rakh ne ki bhi koi jarurat nahi ho gi kyoki pura details online hi mil jayega or year end mai kitna income tax pay karna hai 
0 0 Dear Sir, Kindly Attention, Ye Haal Hai Jamalpur Gogri,Dist-Khagaria (BIhar) Mai "Bharat gas" Ke Delar M/s Deep Ganga Gas Agency Ka Jaha GAs Ke Liye Dharna Paradrasan Karna Par Raha Hai... 
0 0 Dear Sir, As per my Opinion, Government should give tender to Small Scale Industries. Today's Situation SSI are in Critical conditions.  Give some Criteria in Public Procurement Bill. It will help to Create Equality in all Citizens of India. Thanks Santosh Khot 
4 0 How can i stop a e-tender which is going to harm Govt. Of Gujarat. They are buying Microsoft Licenses though they can use Tiguin Linux ( Developed In Gujarat ) and save MONEY OF GUJARAT by using Tiguin Linux in Their e-nagar Project for nagar palika. Govt. Officer will not answer me that why he is wasting money of Gujarat in Microsoft Licenses. or the officers are not at all interested to PREVENT MONEY RUNNING OUT OF INDIA on the name of Microsoft SOFTWARE LIC COST. sample is in attached file 
0 0 On line tender system is a must. Govt should get out of business fast, only govern / facilitate business. 
0 0 sirji ap sa binti ha ki land bill co logo ko thik sa samjahaia kiskiya is ki it na jarurate hai.matlab hum log serif bolta hai ki china itna devlope hogaya singapur itna devlope hogaya hong kong itna devlope ho gaya ,magar hum desh basi nahi samagta ki un desh o ka law kanun alag hai agar un jaisa devlope karna hai to hama vi o desh jaisa land polici law economi loaw ar zero curroption law apna na hoga nahi to india kabhi devlope nahi hoga apas ma hum log larta rahanga ar bakar hoka maranga. 
2 0 Give credits for 01) Make in India products 02) Taxes paid in time #MinistryofFinance 03) Swach Bharat contribution i.e ensuring that the area around the tendering firms  is kept clean 04) Adoption of digital transactions in the day to day firm activity 
1 0 I POSTED MY REQUEST TO THE RESPECTED P M AND TO MADAM NIRMALA SITHARAMAN FOR THEIR KINDNESS TO THE COMPANY RUBBER WOOD INDIA OR INDIA WOOD SITUATED AT KOTTAYAM IN KERALA STATE.COMOANY LOST ITS FUTURE WITH 300 EMPLOYEES AND THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS.MY GOVERMENT GIVE A FINANCIAL HELP TO THE COMPANY.WE HOPE DO.KINDLY MAKE IT FAST.PLEASE OTHER WISE OUR PRAYERS WILL NOT GET A CARE FROM GOD AND WE COMPELLED TO GO FOR ANOTHER WAYS TO CONCLUDE THIS SITUATION.TO ALL FRIENDS READ THIS PLEASE PRAY GOR US 
1 0 In many instances, the process is managed by officials who are ill-equipped with necessary aptitude and expertise to assess 'business value' of a solution and technical / qualitative comparision. Lack of accountability due to transferable jobs, promotions, and opaque assessment of delivery performance further add to the challenge. Example, instead of buying a an item at ₹100 that lasts for 3yrs, why not buy one at ₹140 that lasts for 5 yrs? 
1 0 Public procurement doesn't encourage rational evaluation on basis of Best Fit to address a business problem. Buying process discourages 'courage of conviction' on part of evaluators to assess technological or qualitative superiority & simply reduces it to RFPs spec'ed with highest common denominator amongst barely comparable alternatives, keeping aside - at times - even the original business need if there is a unique solution provider and hence single bidder. No premium for first mover advantage 
1 0 It's clearly understandable that transparency & competitive pricing must always remain the fulcrum of public procurement. However, buying any product, service or solution on the basis of L1 ONLY has proven to be more of roadblock than facilitating "best-in-class" approach. As focus seems to have wrongly shifted to 'following a process' to buy the cheapest, and no one questions if what is procured has met the original business requirement. And, such decisions end up wasting public money. 
0 0 I have given my views in attached file. 
0 0 IN THIS COMPANY RUBBERWOOD INDIA OR INDIAWOOD SITUATED AT KOTTAYAM IN KERALA STATE.COMPANY NOW CARRYING HUGE FINANCIAL LOSS WITH 300 EMPLOYEES OF LIFE FROM 2002.NO ONE HAS NO ENQUIRY ABOUT THIS FIRM.HOW IT FELL IN THIS STAGE AND HOW THE EMPLOYEES LIVE WITH OUT JOB AND SALARY.WE HOPE A LOT FROM THE CENTRAL GOVERNMENT BUT NO HELP FROM THE GOVERNMENT.RESPECTED P M CAN HELP US.WE THINK HE MAKE IT SOON.WAITIG FOR THE FAVOURABLE HELP FROM THE P M.FINANCIAL HELP TO THE COMPANY.PLEASE SEND IT 
0 0 Respected sir I had wtite a lot to Respected P M and Madam Nirmala sitharaman for a finabcial help to the company under Rubber Board.But dont get any reply and result from any one yet now.A lot of companies works under several Boards like RubberBoard CoffeBoard etc.Noone make no enquires about the stage of the companies.Now my company RubberWood India ina very bad stage.One more inthis condition.I think some threat to some VIP'S life makeva result But I can't. So sir please helpUs 
0 0 Public Procurement till today has many flaws and to mitigate the same GOI shall make it a digital platform based procurement, more involvment of private companies shall be taken into account and they shall be made liable for any damage in the same(Warranty) Along with this apart from Paper based audit practical audit should be there. Because in paper their may be all documents available but in reality not an inch of job has actually happened.Please make sure people are the ultimate beneficiary. 
0 0 Sir, sorry to use this as forum, from several days more than 30 years in our area drainage system is not built where as opposite side built drainage system in recent past once again rebuilt with concrete, as we are doing swach bharat campaign and we are living in world of positive,cicilised world, developin nationetc youth why this discrimination, i dont understand local politics or what. Pls intervene 
0 0 Dear Sir, Public Procurement process requires every money of the Tax payer is put to optimum use.I suggest to include in the Bill that for every project and procurement ,the design should be Value Engineered, that is tested for lowest cost alternatives to meet criteria. In  contract documents  appropriate Value Engineering incentive Clauses allowing contractor to propose alternative cost saving proposals without sacrificing quality with shared cost savings. Pls refer to  www.value-eng.org. 
0 0 All high level public procurement and disposal of items in the Government should take place on an electronic based common platform. 
0 0 Bill must have guidelines & criteria of rejection of one or all bids received after bidding. I have noticed that if successful bidder is not of Officer choice, in many cases, he annul complete process without assigning reason, resulting into waste of precious time & hence money. Recent example is cancellation of all Bids of Four Lanning Project of Patiala-Sangrur-Bathinda (NH_64) in the state of Punjab. Therefore officer's discretion must be limited. 
0 0 Dear Sir, In india filling of tax return is like fear to the people earning from 12000-18000 rs per month, which is almost 20% of population. if all these people file there it return per capita income will increase. you have to open free filing centers. where people get help in filling returns. Pan cards issued in India may be X, but it fillers are X/2. 
0 0 Public procurement bill should have provision for complete transparency such as availability of the tender on the open Internet, visibility of the bids after closing time, provision for complaint of malpractices , if any, and above all a provision for suggestion for improvement. 
0 0 Direct deposit ( donation ) account against india's external debt with auto update access window at all bank branches all over the India.(Reuters) - India's external debt stood at $461.9 billion as of end-December, up 3.5 percent from end-March 2014, the government said in a release on Tuesday 31st March 2015.As per above report can't we have direct deposit account no, accessed from all bank branches all over India to donate directly by any means ( cash, online, dd, neft... Etc) without any fear 
1 0 I would like to make a suggestion for railways. If one wants to travel from one city to other city, rly fares are quite cheap ( for ex. cost is Rs 100/-) . but, after reaching a destination, one want to travel from rly station to bus stand or near place, he /she has to pay Rs 50 or 75 for just a sake of 3 km travel. To avoid this problem, government may arrange the new RLY bus which connect from RLY stn to bus stand / near by imp.place. Rly bus tickets option should be linked with e- / resv tkts 
0 1 Don't hurry passing land acquisition bill.  It will be suicidal 
0 0 Sir, i sincerely request that a defence forces reforms commission should be enacted for betterment of defence forces.Since these acts were enacted in 1950, the socio economic conditions has changed and highly educated people are being recruitted in armed forces. 
0 0 Unauthorized construction, extension of building are major source of corruption. Municipal corporation are loosing development charges, map approval charges and other charges, it also looses property tax on additional structure yearly which is recurring loss 
0 0 99% of black money is from construction firms . The procurement system is just for eyelash like . Many of companies are quoting low rates and doing quality less works and pop system is also profitable to major companies and they are not showing any quality of any contractor is violate the rules it should be come  under a separate auditing agencies like cag 
0 0 Sir, Transparency is the cornerstone of the procurement process and to affect it utmost should be the onus onto the procurer entity. The envisaged bill exhibits fair measure to promote the purpose and principles of procurement though equally essentially effort must be enjoined to make procurement process galvanize production, manufacturing phenomenon; an activity enthusing environment, reflecting changing approaches and norms of governance. Enumerated attachment. , Regards. 
0 0 Dear Mr. Narendra Modi - Prime Minister of India. Sir, I have travelled by Shinkansen bullet train in Japan. I like your views, thoughts to bring the bullet train project over to India. the project cost is very huge. In order to reduce the cost of the project and speedy implementaion, may I suggest to purchase Second hand Shinkansen Bulltet train from Japan ?This will reduce overall project duration and cost. Please let me know your thought process. Thanks., Ashutosh Vaidya 
0 0 Sir, there have been many such legislations enacted from time to time by the successive govts. But their implementation has been poor and hence there are problems.  Apart from such legislations, there should be Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)in place for the officials in order to bring in more clarity and fixed accountability in the system. This will further cut the red-tapism in govt. deptts. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I am unable to find any specific place to write down this so writing it here. Daily we saw lots of road accidents happening in our society, but we don't have any foolproof decision body which will help in finding why that accident happened. So Can we move forward with Black Box technology in vehicles as that were present in aeroplanes. Government can design black box which can be installed in vehicles and made mandatory. regards: Sandeep Saini Noida | INDIA 
0 0 Namaskar  Pradhanmantriji, A very outstanding efforts by you for the people of our Bharat a very effective Margdarshan accepted by most of our countrymen these are the two things which can be suggested 1) To make more clear the AIR connectivity signal to the length & breadth of our country mostly Unreachable part.   2) A special Man Ki Baat to youths "on being HONEST or HONESTY begins at kindergarten" message to all the parents and children to practice honesty. Thank You for hearing us. 
0 0 1. Diving license holding minimum age limit should be 22 and in an exception (if the family main person disabled and the person who is in responsible position in family aged below 22 above 16)eligible. by this we can control over accidents and traffic. 2. Above matter helps in control of Global Warming. 3. Every Colleges should pass the order that students should not come by byke or cars. Bicycle is permitted in the campus. This leads clean atmosphere and form equality among them 
0 0 maximise economy and efficiency in public procurement; obtain value for money in public procurement; these are two objectives act. If Economy is maximised, efficiency&value for money may reduce, hence the balance should be there to get quality. Efficiency should be properly defined to monitor the process , to deliver good product. 
0 0 Recommendation for land acquisition Bill: We have to found out the maximum income from that land and give an amount as compensation whose interest from Govt. Bank for ten years Monthly income scheme should be equal.Every farmer should declare his earning from land by himself only, which will be verified by income tax.I think this may solve the problem otherwise land mafia like Robert Bhadra will be benefited from this protest as they will sell their land latter to govt. or Industrialist . 
1 0 i would like to suggest government on Land Acquisition Bill. There should be a survey for per year income of farmer from his fertilize land,suppose the income of farmer is 6 lakhs per year ,the company owner to whom government want to provide the land must pay at least 70% amount of farmer total income per year who is the real owner of land till the coming is doing business in his land ,and this amount  must be increase in proportion to dearness allowance. 
1 0 There should be regulated commodities market with proper inspection and control over procurement and storage agencies both private and public. The food cannot be wasted. Proper and adequate storage should be arranged by central and state warehouses and should be timely inspected by commodity regulator and penalties impossed on such agencies where wastage is found whether in quantity or quality. Pvt. Companies like ncml, star agri etc may be used for procurement and inspection done on them. 
0 0 Remove registration etc for small scale units for supply to govt. Openly e tender n ask for ququote.issue guidelines , who can apply. Like mfr having turnover less than 1 crore should b given preference.big people can find market any where. 
0 0 Sir, small scale units should b given top priority.issue clear guidelines , units under those guidelines should b eligible to suoply to govt, remove the requirement of nsci, ssi etc registrations, if any supplier violates guidelines, should b blacklisted, fined. Pl simlify the policy n procedures for small units. These units mfg gud products but , no market, no funds etc. Pl help this backbone of india. 
0 0 accountability should be there in every steps and all the officers as well as employers should know what their responsibility is and they should fulfill it within the given time to every one .................. 
0 0 Starting right from the technology selection, Product standardization , service optimization,awarding of contract, payment policy, every steps need to benchmarked. 
0 0 until and unless the supplier is qualified and reached to a stage where the shortlisted supplier can be a potential seller, the suppliers should not be encouraged to offer free visit/travel to his facility or his any other site where the supplier has supplied the material. 
0 0 The preamble to the Bill should be- corruption free procurement. 
0 0 All the items to be procured should have common code based on harmonized tariff nomenclature followed by custom and excise. 
0 0 Once the purchase order is issued and finalized, the certain purchase details like date of PO, item purchased, its complete specs/make/model,its quantity, rate and other price terms etc. other than the name of the supplier and the name of the purchaser be recorded in national procurement data base and are made available to all public Procurement managers for comparison/guidance. 
0 0 The purchase manager of certain types of essential/strategic purchases above a threshold limit must maintain a activity log recorded on daily basis online data-base which is available for view by the immediate superiors. 
0 0 The bill should provide fix time table for different types of purchases. The purchase system of the bill is so bureaucratic that purchase process spoil the project schedule and indirectly increases the project cost which is not in the public interest. sometimes delays in procurement shelves the project or kill its utility or make the project irrelevant. 
0 0 Wherever there is a possibility to hedge the raw materials, in case the final product prices are fixed/frozen/committed/under rate contract & having long term delivery, the corresponding raw material must be hedged to avoid market risk of fluctuation in prices of raw materials specifically of marketable commodities in commodity exchange. 
0 0 All employees of the public entity ( Up to the highest level)connected with the procurement shall take a oath verbally and in writing that he will abide by the code of conduct in procurement process truly and sincerely in its letter and spirit. 
0 0 In this digital world, the purchaser cannot be restricted to limited offer received against open tenders/panel of suppliers. The purchaser should be asked to arrange 2 to 3 additional offers of their own from new suppliers on/off shore through online digital channel. 
0 0 It is observed in most cases that due to poor quality, the lifecycle of the material/job is less than the standard lifecycle even after paying high rates. The result-the materials/jobs are procured repetitively increasing the cost of project. For example why a road requires maintenance next rainy season in India whereas tar roads goes for years in south east Asia where rains are 8-9 months a year. There is fundamentally wrong with our system/standards. Supplier should give long term warranties. 
0 0 The procurement policy should be assisted by a robust digital Inventory management system connected with the stores/production/quality. Before going for procurement, the Public purchaser should have all info about the performance of past purchased similar items like feedback from the user about its quality, life, usage, existing stock, purpose of procurement, exact requirement, technical recommendation etc., which helps the public procurement manager to take right decision. 
0 0 Thanks for new updation regarding to right education. 
1 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Sawai Madhopur Mantown Safai Mission 
0 0 Old city safai mission 
0 0 Old city safai Mission 
0 0 Old city safai mission 
0 0 old City Safai Mission 
0 0 1) Small and marginal farmers have performed consistently well despite all odds. 2) They deserve insensitive which the government always ready to give to industry people without application of mind. 3) Public Procurement bill should give the farmer 50 % more than the cost and Govt should assure to take all surplus produce. 4) Plz do not listen to Westernized capitalistic economists while framing the bill. 
0 0 Old City Safai Mission 
0 0 Old City Safai Mission 
0 0 I'm very happy to join this group which is able to express my view. 
0 0 Amma Please Review  Amma Vasu Ramagovinda 
0 0 great!! 
0 0 there must be a act or law for those who (government officer under IAS, IAS or on permanent post in gov. enterprise) are taking/demanding money. the money which is demanded by them should be taxable and should be transfer directly to there accounts. there must be a relaxation for vendor in terms of tax who is paying the demanded money. In short the under table commission should be made publically. 
0 0 there must be a bill on the officers of government enterprises who are taking/demanding commission of 30-40 percent of tender cost from the winning tender (parties)vendor/outsourcing industries. the officers are humiliate them if vendor refuse to give the demanded money in terms of delaying the payment procedure, delaying the project by confusing/complicating it. 
0 0 Bhumi adhigrahan bill:-Take the land from the farmer or any other please ask to them if he is agree than take and give the proper price and royalty forever and take only on the lease not forever.It is my kind/humble suggestion. 
0 0 Please give the all employee grantee job and job security in private sector also. If company is not growing or earning than fire the employee is not good. 
1 0 I want discuss about LPG cylinder supply : Today i received cylinder & paid of Rs.660 (Invoice amount 635+25 extra), delivery boy collecting extra amount. my suggestion is why cont make online payment for cylinder booking. anyway government collected bank account for all customer. GAS supplier collecting extra amount from all customer. we has to think ex: every day Gas supplier selling 500nos GAS, who much they are collecting extra ??. supplier is getting commission also. 
1 0 WITH THE HELP OF RESTRUCTURING OF POST OFFICE OR DAK VIBHAG IN EACH STATE WE CAN CREATE JOB AS WELL AS BUSSINESS FOR YOUTH BY PROVIDING AGENCY OR FRANCHISEE TO PEOPLE.BECAUSE WHEN PRIVATE CURRIER COMPANY EARN THEN WHY GOVT. SECTOR NOT EARN WHEREEVER IN EACH SMALL/RURAL AREA GOVT. ESTABLIMENT (POST OFFICE) IS AVAILABLE. BUT THIS FACILITY NOT AVAILABLE WITH PRIVATE. ALSO WITH THIS WE CAN START MORE SERVICES LIKE DIGITAL INDIA AT EACH VILLAGE. LIKE KIYOSK WITH SAME ESTABLISHMENT. 
1 0 Make it compulsory that all the children of government employee will study in government schools.it will create historical change in education sector.As education is the base of development 
1 0 Make it compulsory that all the children of government employee will study in government schools.it will create historical change in education sector.As education is the base of development 
1 0 In government we usually see the lack of check and balances, so In my opinion until we create a proper mechanism with decentralisation of information we won't find success.The solution can be found via technology. the every step and details which are not against national interest, should be declared on website with full details and live track record.Also, the responsibility and liability must be fixed and the guilty must be punished for non-performance.The time-bound actions should be mandatory. 
1 0 public procurement bill should highlight the mechanism of procurement,, storage and distribution. from farm to family. Amul is one success story that speak about how procurement movement can flourish prosperity. the government should bring a uniform procurement policy linking to commodity exchanges, APMC markets of states,and government procurement agencies like FCI. a commodity procurement and price management commission could act as catalyst in procurement storage and distribution endeavor 
1 0 Present system of  procurement in government is not full proof  system in-respect of quality  and timely delivery. Same item  we can buy at least 5 to 10% less from market.The procedure for taking any action against such contractors for ensuring quality and timely completion of works are so tedious and complicated that no officer can spare time and boldness for overcoming the red tape.So better to buy centralized system from quality firms and at least guarantee for service. 
1 0 The present system of procurement from L1 through tendering is not correct and is the major reason for poor quality,  delays in work due to excessively low rates. The procedure for taking any action againt contractors for ensuring quality and timely completion of works are so tedious and complicated that no officer can spare time and boldness for overcoming the red tape. It is suggested that all works are carried out based on Standard rates contracts prepared by experts to avoid too low rates. 
1 0 there should be guidance and coaching program on work culture, being professional, respecting to work for been paid, putting in hard efforts to contribute to the growth of the company. job is been looked upon 25 days of spending time at a place and being paid off for the same and expectations never end. how much have i contributed for growth which comes back, is never thought 
1 0 Quality plays the most important role in execution and performance of a job. An item or a job can be performed in similar way with hundreds of options which influence the procurement rates. The tender finalization committee depending on the nature of work must deliberate the options of quality to be selected for a particular tender in optimum way to meet the required quality at best price. The quality should not have a over margin of safety than required which shoot up the cost of project. 
1 0 There should be mechanism to arrest cartelization of suppliers by widening the scope of suppliers. Most of the times, the stringent qualification and longer past experience create false entry barriers and debar new entrants which encourages cartelization. There should be free entry with minimum qualification but having slab of % of job depending on the experience. This will explore the market rates of new entrants and also test their performance. 
1 0 there should be joint conference and seminar on procurement strategy once in a year between procurement Heads of public and private entities along with the lead suppliers to share their procurement experiences. This is called PPPP (Public Private partnership on Procurement) 
1 0 The present standard tariff of procurement rates of all government departments be discarded because they are 2-3 times higher than market rates and of even inferior quality of materials. An independent professional agency be entrusted to finalise the rates  on zero-base concept of all common items with clear & explicit specs across all Govt and public departments with the target to reduce the rates in the range of 50% to 75%. The rates to be reviewed every quarter. 
1 0 tender is most crucial document in PP. If it is faulty, the whole process of procurement is faulty. The PPB must emphasis on various aspects of tender like measurement, quality, specifications, make and model of material, its preparation process, monitoring, regulation, comparison of rates with private entities for similar jobs.It is observed that rates in Govt tenders are 2-3 times higher than that of private companies tenders. There should be reverse Arm's length price test in the PP process. 
0 0 hi all . Do the corruption will move our nations growth at this pace only? 
0 0 Respected sir, after a long period of declaration of proving UAN to all pf acct holder , my coy does not created such acct till date ,we r performing a security duty in CCS HAU Hisar under coy Olive green manpoer solution Pvt ltd chandigarh(PBCHD0037472000) &another pt i raising regarding deposited money is far less as they are decreasing our salry.i am loading pf slip as asreceived on complaint lodging at EPFO CHD for verify 
1 0 in jan 2015 department of expenditure published a list of 15 central departments, who, despite orders since 2008, have not initiated e-procurement (which is mandatory if procurement crosses certain limits). whether responsible officers in these departments identified and departmental proceedings initiated? if not who will ensure that this bill will also be implemented? we know how public information officers are making a joke of RTI Act. why modi ji is failing to control corrupt govt officers? 
0 0 Respected sir please apology kisan kcc loan ,bank presher is very havey please think about it..thanks arun solan himachal pradesh 
1 0 Respected PM....Liked your Initiative on GIVE UP GAS SUBSIDY.I HAVE SURRENDERED MY LPG connection...but why Hon Parliamentarians are getting subsidized food from parliament's canteen.Pls stop this. 
1 0 Can we amend the constitution so that no foreign born can be the Prime Minister of India? It hasnt been clear in our constitution and it is time we make it clear. If Rahul baba marries a Spenish girl, we dont want her to be PM or rule India... 
0 0 Sir, Better if we have Built in Forum or central data base for maintaing all missing people in one blog so that people who has been found can be upload the pics to common data base and people should be able to search. 
2 0 There is nexus of IT Officers & CA in exploiting in-transparent system of IT notices. Suggest to change rules of IT Deptt in which notice issued by IT Officer to tax payer be first posted on deptt website with electronic copies & then only print of notice posted on website be sent to assesse.There is ramped practice of notices being prepared but not posted by IT Commissioner who,being hand in glove with CA,create pressure to assesse to pay out&in event of having been paid-up notices are removed 
0 0 TAG-LINE for career center: "NIRVAAH SE NIRMAAN TAK" "AAPKI NIYUKTI, DESH KI TARAKKI" 
1 0 My suggestions for limiting exploitation of poor farmers and preventing from suicide is: Bring legislation to ban any loan to any one in cash, also the recovery of such loans should not be enforceable. This will also give the Income Tax Authorities to trail who is lending the money. This is possible with successful financial inclusion of masses through Dan-Jan Yojana. 
1 0 The farmers sale proceeds must be realized within defined time line say within 15 days from the date of procurement. At present public procurement from framers is in very chaotic condition,realization takes six month or more and in many cases it goes beyond a year. This makes favorable condition for exploitation of farmers by marketeers. If the sale proceed is not realized, how farmers pay the loan in time and for their no fault but fault of system interest burden increases leading to suicide. 
0 0 PM SIR First we have to centralise our focus to our education system,  our old system teaches us how to work on set pattern. But needof hour Is we trained our youth and forthcoming youth to set a  new pattern me.ans they will have innovative hunger in them. This will brings newreasearches and Iinventions. SECONDLY there should be a healthy competetion generated among them.And opportunities will be given to all without any kind of favour. 
0 0 Dear Pm ji, in our country reservation is given in all governament sectors to depressed classes as well as please do reservations to Backward Class peopels in MP and MLA Constituencies to enlight OBC groups politically, now u know well that in  our country all the major communities who having the strength of community he was winning candidate to the political parties, here so many backward talented people are unable to come forward in politics as they don't have strength of community. 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I have 2 of my views that can be very helpful. One, i would like to share is to completely ban any version 15 year old LMV/MYCL and make it scrap. by this we can have more steel growth and relief for heavy traffic jam and parking. we can offer owner of a car amount while giving their car for scrap. Second, I have seen many of young guys least interested casting their vote one thing we can do is to start making of voter id at every school for senior secondary students. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Common man should have the knowledge on what is going on. to have the holistic view we should have a good Media coverage on the same. Like 24X7 television. It will create a lot of awareness with the same minded people and corruption will definitely come down. It will help in developing a new vendor and business opportunity. Thanks 
0 0 Dear sir, We should have alternative education system, which will stress on implementing needs in more economically and effectively. Like: Agriculture: learning from the age of 8 it self. so they will have sufficient time to do all required experiment. 
1 0 फसल उगाने वाले किसानों द्वारा आत्महत्या करना बड़ा दुर्भाग्य पूर्ण है।  इसे रोकने के लिए पर्याप्त उपाय करने की जरूरत है।  चुनाव के समय प्रधान मंत्री जी ने गोहत्या बंदी पर बहुत ज़ोर दिया था लेकिन एक साल में कुछ खास नहीं हुआ। बल्कि रिपोर्ट हास कि एक साल में मांस का निर्यात बढ़ गया है। इस पर जल्द ध्यान दें। बिना गोधन के देश की कल्पना कर के मन सिहर जाता है। 
1 0 Public procurement system is worst in case of purchase through MHRD. Every educational institution is getting cheap quality learning aids and machines at a higher price. Government should form public companies to manufacture such things. UGC and AICTE are getting a lot of funds. but they are wasted by purchasing underquality things. 
0 0 dr sr iam askng sir ur thinking india hw to grth evry mint yr thinkng grat recntly wrld cup criket betting is some cores rupes doing why are we legalise. 
1 1 योजनायें बनाते हैं उसके लिए जनता पर टैक्स बढ़ाते हैं और साल में करीब 5.5 लाख करोड़ रु. की छूट पूंजीपतियों को देते हैं। वोट मांगने के लिए अपने को मजदूर-किसान का आम बेटा या बेटी बताते हैं लेकिन इनका शपथ ग्रहण हो या पार्टी व परिवारिक समारोह उसमें सभी खास (नेता, अभिनेता, पूंजीपति, खिलाड़ी) लोग ही नजर आते हैं यानी ‘मुंह में राम और बगल में छुरी’। सभी राष्ट्रवादी आर्थिक रुप से संपन्न लोग गैस-सब्सिडी छोड देंगे लेकिन नेताओं एवं सरकारी अधिकारियों को दी जाने वाली सब्सिडी (यथा- संसद कैन्टीन सब्सिडी)कब बन्द 
1 1 सांसदों को वातानुकूलित कैन्टीन में दाल 1.5 रु., डोसा 4 रु. और चाय व सूप 1 रु. व 5.50 रुपये में मिल जाता है ‘चुने हुए जनप्रतिनिधियों’ के लिए वाशिंगटन, पेरिस, लंदन नजदीक हैं जहां आये दिन यह जाते रहते हैं लेकिन इनका अपना संसदीय क्षेत्र दूर हो जाता है जहां साल या पांच साल में एक दो बार चले जाते हैं। ‘लोकतंत्र का गुण’ सीखने के लिए ब्रिटेन और अमेरिका जाते हैं लेकिन ‘जनप्रतिनिधि’ के नाते जनता को सुनने और समझने के लिए उनके पास जाना मुनासिब नहीं समझते। भाषणों में गरीबों के लिए घडि़याली आंसू बहाते हैं, 
1 1 सांसद ही नहीं विधानसभाओं में भी करोड़पति-अरबपति विधायकों की संख्या बढ़ी है। हरियाणा, महाराष्ट्र के हालिया विधानसभाओं में करोड़पति-अरबपति विधायकों की संख्या ने सांसदों को भी पीछे छोड़ दिया है। हरियाणा के 83 प्रतिशत (90 में से 75) वहीं महराष्ट्र के 88 प्रतिशत (288 में से 253) विधायक करोड़पति-अरबपति हैं। आम-आदमी से खाद, पानी, बिजली से सब्सिडी छीनी जा रही हैं, वहीं इन करोड़पति-अरबपति सांसदों के कैन्टीन में भारी सब्सिडी दी जाती है। आम आदमी के लिए फुटपाथ पर 8-10 रु. में चाय मिल रही है वहीं इन सेहतमं 
0 1 आदरणीय Narendra Modi जी, PMO India ताली कभी भी एक हाथ से नही बजती एक हाथ से सिर्फ और सिर्फ तमाचा लगता है ॥ क्या माननीय सांसदों / विधायको को इतनी तनख्वाह एवं सुविधाएं नही मिलती जो उन्हे अलग से सब्सिडी भी दी जा रही हैं..... अर्जुन सेन गुप्ता रिपोर्ट के अनुसार भारत के 77 प्रतिशत लोग गरीबी रेखा के नीचे जीवन यापन कर रहे हैं वहीं भारत के 82 प्रतिशत सांसद करोड़पति-अरबपति हैं। 15 वीं लोकसभा में 300 सांसद करोड़पति-अरबपति थे, 16 वीं लोकसभा में इनकी संख्या बढ़कर 442 हो गई है। सांसद ही नहीं विधानसभाओं 
1 1 Sir, One side you are asking common man to leave LPG subsidy on the other hand our MP, Ministers and buerocrates are having subsidised food / canteen in parliament. why should they leave subsidy. 
2 0 sir my suggestion will create a revolutionary changes in India, sir if we want to introduce skill development, my suggestion is that kindly merge the ITI and class 12 with each other and may be both of as option so that every 12 pass student have a ITI degree and further if he want to improve its level he can do higher education for that ITI can be devloped in school laboratories or new labs will be designed. sir the another view of this things lots of new jobs will be created for the engg stu 
0 0 New Knowledge Organization Ltd. is a non-profit think tank and planning group that helps cultural, educational, research, health, environmental, media, and free-learning organizations. Our work aims to expand programs in ways that increase social knowledge, positive lived experiences, and ecological harmony. 
1 0 Dear PM Sir, I am requesting you to pl identify the talent peoples in India,every organization some talented peoples was there,they have no-resources from their end,and main thing our India was closely move to BRIBE,please avoid the BRIBE, And Mr.NARA CHANDRA BABU NAIDU SIR Please avoid the BRIBE for the our state.do not encourage the BRIBE activities from our state. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, I am requesting you to as per below message the security team working under u only then only we get the results for statewide. 
0 1 Please include all the farmers who are supporting the bill. Let them take out a rally in favour of the bill whenever the opposition takes out a rally against the bill. Show it to the world that it is politically motivated. Interview all the farmers on the TV who are in favour and who are against the bill. Show this on TV everyday and this will change the people's openion. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, I am requesting you to please release the new security police jobs from India Government due to every day we have observed the ladies corruption, once we have release the 1lacs or above security police jobs then all the police distribute the statewide,then see the results but every police should take the own responsibility of own state.we should create the separate government for corruption then see the results. And as well as should monitoring the every minute. 