8 0 Even after attaching both the attachments in pdf format. I have got an email stating "Attachment not available". what does this mean? #NER2 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov
1 0 I didn't receive the mail yet,even after my project was submitted.Please reply soon!!!
0 0 can i change my idea for my application which is already submitted
0 0 at beginning it is required to submit prototype of solution ?#CA24
2 0 How many teams will be selected? #NER1 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov
0 0 Can you please inform when the processing of submissions is going to start and also send us emails during the commencement of evaluation and selection of submissions so that it would become simpler for us to keep following up with the updates,#SmartIndiaHackathon2017.
1 0 MAX , how many teams will be selected from a college ?
1 0 can a hardware solution along with the software solution is allowed?
#IR15 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017
1 0 can i get to know the procedure for MGNREGA so that I can provide a better automated solution eliminating all the loopholes and improvise the current process. #MRD5 #DevelopmentofRuralDevelopment
1 0 can i edit my idea? and its okay to submit our idea twice one directly from this site and other from my college? please reply soon
2 1 dear sir, Am working on petrol, diesel and CNG engines efficiency, and it will be very helpful if govt help me to find a temporary place in research and development of an engine manufacturing company, as they will be  able to understand the concept, this will help to cut the green house effect, lower the transportation cost by  increasing the mileage very dramatically, this can be done only on 2-stroke and 4-stroke engines. i can't write more because of words limit
thanks
amritpreets@yahoo.com
1 0 I have submitted one idea but still now no confirmation mail is received in my registered email id regarding the submission.
1 0 Computer teacher vacancy should priority basis filled for technocrats lead society B.ed should be omitted for computer teacher. MCA degree should be encouraged
0 0 1) All the diesel vehicles specially the diesel six-seater auto-rickshaws, petrol rickshaws, diesel trucks, Govt & Non-govt buses cause almost 40 % of the visible pollution responsible for smog.
:>Vehicles with better engines costing lesser than earlier versions should be devised, Registration of vehicles older than 10 years should be cancelled with option of buyback by Government for a discount on purchase of new vehicles. Penalty for using polluting vehicles should be set to Rs. 5000/-
0 0 Respected Modiji,
All the government offices should have latest state of the art computerized systems for e.g. the General Post Office from Pune, where atleast 200 old people line up for getting their work done but each person has to wait for about 2-3 days before his/her number comes as the processing time for every person is about 30 Minutes to 1 hour approximately. On asking only one reply is received from the officials, that the computers and network are slow. Please help.
0 0 1) Speed breakers are the biggest hurdles in the economic development of any nation.
2) Speed breakers are the main reason of increase in traffic congestion and sluggish traffic.
3) They also cause backbone related medical problems apart from increasing the transportation time and frustration involved in transit on a daily basis.
4) Without speed breakers people will reach in shorter amount of time and will be in lesser hurry in a smoothly moving traffic.
5)All lamp posts should show timers.
0 0 The key to Digital India is the availability of low cost electric power in all villages. Power Generation and distribution is a challenge. Though the power ministry is focusing on providing electricity to all villages, however, having a low cost renewable power energy source in every village should be encouraged. The opportunities at village level are
Turning waste into electricity that can power up a village
Localized solutions for wind and solar energy to make villages self reliant in energy
0 0 Sir , i want  to  join this but due to the condition (those students  particpate those are belong  to  the institution or college and includes only 6 students  in team not less ), sir please  concerned  this .
0 0 1] For Smart India we should remove all speed brakers ( Gatirodhak) .
2] There are speedbrakers every 100 mtrs even on main roads , how India can gear up
3] we loss lots of fuel ( Petrol diesel) and maintenance of vehicle cost is another issue.
4] Every leader needs speedbraker in front of his house. If you calculate no. of speedbrakers in any city : it is full of mountains and small hills wasting material required to build it.
5] Speed limits enough roads or block roads for vehicles
1 0 आओ इस देश को पुनः विश्व गुरु बनाने का संकल्प लें।।
देश की आजादी के लिये अपना सर्वस्व समर्पित करने वाले लाखों लोंगों की भावनाओं के अनुरूप इस देश का निर्माण हो। हमें अपना व्यक्तिगत सहयोग इसमें प्राथमिकता के आधार पर देना चाहिए। बड़े बड़े राजनेताओं को भी आज भाषण देने से पहले क्रांतिकारियों के जीवन से प्रेरणा लेकर देश को सिर्फ भौतिक विकास ही नहीं बल्कि आध्यात्मिक व सामाजिक विकास की पहल करनी चाहिए।- कुलवीर बैनीवाल भारतीय |
0 0 DigitalIndia is dream to make India a super power, but this can't achieved without making telecom robust & outstanding, these days RCOM users are unable to make any calls and data is also flickering, how long will digitalIndia stand if pillars are so weak. Please make strong penalty policy for Telecom operators. So DigitalIndia project can speed up in dramatically.
0 0 I really appreciate such great motive of our respected PM sir. I get surprised when somebody asking how their old parents can get the modern system, like online services, cashless payments etc. There've somebody just try to ignore such modern system. The only cause is nothing but a fake panic in their mind. Actually they can not realize that a weapon can be more powerful with its right use. Just want to aware them a message that for a best community we have to accept the system in a right way.
0 0 hi i am there is no development in india since 1960 and there is no proper involvment in india and well defined
and well equipping hepling for our solders and kisan and and there children and n
defined and well consumer and all banks are doing wrong kind of business in india and well establishment and why reservation
is so important in india and please remove reservation in india here people lost there lives and these corpoarte
people enjoying people money and doin
0 0 Dear Gov,
Reduce the cost of Advertisement, This will  encourage small & medium business,Seasonal business to recognize in National level because public loves small small happyness. Increase tourism ad.
0 0 We must ponder over it of we are seriously interested in making education a core component of our society.
https://www.change.org/p/ministry-of-hrd-smt-smriti-irani-remove-barrier...
0 0 Respected modiji PM of INDIA
I humbly put to you for consideration
START UP INDIA' ATTITUDE change towards common man by some people working in goverment offices and public services.
I am 78 year my experience for last 60 years is poor sometimes disturbing ,irretating ,at times humiliating .
my humble thinking is they should be taught militry dicipline puncuality for three months and nuns devotion towadrs work considerate and polite approach towards people visiting offices.
0 0 can Mention a sample idea file for the student favor
0 0 जब सरकार के अनुसार 95% लोगों के पास आधार कार्ड है तो क्यों ना चुनाव भी आधार आधारित हो जाये।मतलब बायोमेट्रिक तरीके से अंगूठा लगा के पहले मतदाता का सत्यापन हो तब ही उसे वोट डालने दिया जाये।ये काम ऑनलाइन और ऑफलाइन दोनों तरीके से संभव है।सब कुछ पेपरलेस संभव है ना पर्ची छापने की जरूरत ना परची कटाने के लिए मतदाता को परेशानी होगी।
बस सभी बूथ पर बायोमीट्रिक मशीन की जरूरत होगी।इस तरह से भविष्य में लोग कही से भी खुद को ऑनलाइन रजिस्टर करवा के वोट कर पाएंगे।सुरक्षा का ख़तरा नहीं होगा और मत का % भी बढ़ेगा।
0 0 sir actually for understanding and interpreting the problem statement #CA17 we need a visit to AOCC(Airport Operational Control Center) for providing a better and efficient solution with sample data can you give us the permission letter for my team in chennai
0 0 Telecom Compliance
As we all know that communication channel is the most critical part for the criminals and terrorists to operate. But, the current mechanisms and methods are not fool proof.
Currently, the mobile subscribers can only permitted to have 9 SIMs. But people are fooling the industry and subscribe as many as they wanted; particularly in the “Prepaid” segment.
0 0 Sir
With all the agitations happening in the country and loss tp the public exchequer  why don't you pass a bill that makes leaders of the agitations financially responsible for all the losses to the government
0 0 #1#SmartIndiaHackathon2017 : Our team, has 3 members in the a single team, is it possible to submit the entry consisting of 3 team members because in the submission portal it is asking for 6 team members. 
Waiting eagerly for your reply
0 0 Dear Sir,
Smart India is a bottom up approach rather than top down one.
Smart India should start with smart people, smart family, smart village, smart town , smart city ......
0 0 Sir,
Is it possible to submit a single solution to multiple similar problem statements?
0 0 Sideways of all highway roads should be lush greens .
Solution no acqusition of land by any citizen should be allowed for up to half kms on both sides.greengrass land should be hill And down all resturants petrol pump should be behind this green land.road should be future ready in a way that besides existing road ,half made kacchi roads ,,paths should  half ready  and when needed these roads will be immediately can be converted to Pakki roads.
One emergency road always needed
1 0 my solution for traffic streamlining and fluidic movement of traffic and decongeting  highways and roads and to mimic and to eliminate the use of traffic police is like that:
 all the junction points to avoid congestion and stopping at traffic police and lightd why not one overhead flyover as presently we are having ,one floor level road as already we have and to add on one depression road on all junctions this way traffic will not be stopped by tlights eliminate police save fuel
0 0 What does this sample data required=yes mean in #msd1?
Is it so that we will get the dataset on the day of hackathon or we have to create one and take over there?
Waiting for reply
0 0 Digital ,disruptive technology can come only with strong connectivity and hardware ,with server support.All the three should be affordable  for transacting population.The budget should be Rs 100 per month for a user.
0 0 Why can't we have Prepaid electricity, as other country already has such type of arrangements which will benefit everyone, from common people to large industries.
Can India think on this, this may become another step to digital India.
Jai Hind...
1 0 Respected Sir,
    We the students from IFET College Of Engineering,has already submitted our proposal in the student's voice category.We would like to do some modifications for the proposal submitted.What is the procedure to do modifications,and we couldn't able to find the submitted proposal to modify? or is it possible to do modifications.?
0 0 Sir, it's my humble request. Can't there be just one toll where we can pay for the entire journey by road? This will reduce the traffic and a lot of time can be saved.
0 0 Sir, I would like to know if it is possible that all the IT companies, banks and corporate sectors have their own campus with office so residence for their employees? This will solve many problems at one shot. Traffic, pollution,petrol consumption will become less and time will be saved.Housing problem will also be solved. It will take a long time but it is not impossible.
0 0 This indeed is a great initiative, & if successful its going to be a benchmark opportunity for the youth to shine. However, I have two pointers which may be of concern to the respective authorities.
1. Reach : Sir, we have great talent in the Sub-Urban and Rural areas too... they may not have the programming skills, but the ideas are amazing. I wish you do something about training such talent and offering them this platform too.
2.  Connectivity : Network is very poor in country. Pls Help
0 0 Sir
I feel initiation should start for literacy in rural area by Government office, NGO and Individuals for poor illiterate people. It should be co related with MANREGA and other rural development scheme, with cash payment certain important digital items should be given to poor, so it make compulsory use of it and second generation awareness for digitalisation will improve.
1 0 IF YOU put governance within everyone’s reach in India.
1 > In Each Village 3-4 Computer , every villages problem Share easily.
2 > In City Main Area Have LED Advt. About Goverment New ideas , effective than posters
3 > Create Easy User INterface [UI] Based Application , So Uneducated Use easily based on graphics
4 > As Per State their new Govt Ideas on their Language
5 > More Creative People Who INtroduce Everything Easily To Uneducated Areas
0 0 make 90% discount for broadband plans for users in tribal areas. (considering purchasing power)
0 0 1. allow free access to mobile apps of government and BHIM app without any internet usage charges.
2. create a dedicated email id for every citizen using aadhar number.
2 0 dear sir/madam,
I want to do one project but but I do not have 6 members I have only 3 members.Will I apply?
another query is that Should my team member are from my collage or I can make my team from different collage friends?
0 0 Last one week we are trying to post our team in smart india hackathon 2017. Unable to process. kindly can you help us
0 0 can any group take part indivually without through college ? please provide me full info about it
1 0 Dear Sir and Readers,
I have few ideas to promote USSD and BHIM digital transactions.
Please review attached pdf file. I am not sure how much good/bad it is. Please provide feedback.
Thank you.
0 0 Dear Sir,
PLEASE GIVE DETAILS OF FEES FOR GST REGISTRATION SOME CONSULTANT ARE CHARGING RS.10000/- SOME ARE CHARGING RS.6000/- FOR THE SAME.SMALL BUSINESSMEN ARE CONFUSED FOR THIS HOW MANY RS. FEES CHARGE BY GOVT. TO CONVERT VAT NO. IN GST NO.wHY ITS NOT DIRECTLY CONVERTED. THEY ARE TAKING CHARGES FOR DIGITAL SIGNATURE & SCANNING OF PAN CARDS , AADHAR CARD & OTHER PAPERS.WHY THE SALES TAX AUTHORITY GIVING HELP TO BUSINESSMEN FOR THIS PLEASE I REQUEST TO CO-OPERATE IN THIS MATTER.THANKING YOU
1 0 According to me, to reduce pollution, some percent of pollution is caused by auto rickshwa
Taxies, trucks, so according to me, in auto rickwsha we must use solar power. The autos and taxies must be made to work on solar power and max
Capacity to take 4 persons. The trucks can also be made to work on solar power just we need to increase the power and upgrade the solar machines.
2 0 Polythene bags in any form has to banned 100% (we can still see that in the market!). During rainy season, some biodegradable packing material has to be utilized.
0 0 Tolls has to be eliminated and the same road infrastructure expenses has to be collected in form of toll tax from petrol/diesel
0 0 PMAY or any other scheme:-
Geo Location based photographs has to be filed by the applicant or his associates directly to the website and auto transfer of the subsidy should be allowed with keys to the concerned officials in accordance with the grade. This will eliminate the corruption!
0 0 यह कटु सत्य है की नोटबंदी के बाद भी भ्रष्ट लेन देन बदस्तूर जारी है. कालाधन समस्या नहीं उसे बनने की मानसिकता दोषी है. "सुझाव"- ऐसा मोबाइल ऍप बनाया जाये जिससे प्रत्येक नोट को स्कैन कर उसके सफर को रिकॉर्ड किया जा सके तभी भ्रष्ट लेनदेन पर अंकुश लग सकेगा. जिसके पास भी नोट हो वो उसे स्कैन करें या उसका नम्बर इनपुट करे तो सरकार को खबर रहेगी की कौन सा नोट किधर जा रहा है,फिर घूसखोरों को पकड़वाने के लिए स्याही वाले नोट की जरुरत नहीं पड़ेगी. इस काम में आधार नम्बर उपयोगी साबित होगा मोबाइल पंजीयन हेतु.
0 0 In my view foreign exchange plays a major role in our development of the country. Our exports are less we depend on remittance from abroad  investors and loans.The major amounts are paid for fuel & energy, military equipment, gold, electronic equipment.our make in India is a brilliant idea.Our analysis should check how much foreign exchange we can save for every deal small or big.if everything for development of country is having min foreign  exchange component it will be easier as it's internal
0 0 Respected Sir,
SMART INDIA is a gud thought to make India use digital payment through online gateway by which all the taxes were taken by govt. with out any third parties involving.
But in some cases due to low server payments were delivered late or even the money is deduced but it was not recieved by the carrier to avoid this a application must be created which works in low servers which make the payments more secure with in users.
Here is my proposal to develop an application based on this.
0 0 Respected prime minister,
I am from kerala. Your are doing gud for the country, but it is not reaching for the poor people. Corruption in all departments make the poor people suffer. Can u make a direct or a special wing to. With the people. And private buses in kerala they are running to make themselves profit, by this soo many people are dead by this private buses. Now about the road, it is terrible the contractors make profit for themselves and road is not made properly.
1 0 Is the use of hardware allowed to solve certain problem statements where sensors might be needed? Also can anyone please clarify what mobile sensor input means? As in is it cellphone specific only, or can we use external sensors along?
It would be very kind if this query gets responded as soon as possible.
Thanks in advance!
2 0 Proposal to solve Farmers suicide problem.
Government could form a Mutual fund equity or Stock market type of investments for Agriculture, on which citizen of India can invest( with Tax Exemption ), and substantial returns can be guaranteed to the investors.
Benefits are:
1) Country will gain more investment for agriculture, which can be provided to farmers with less or no interest.
2) Investors will gain tax exemption as well as good returns if nature favors.
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017
0 0 Digital India Is best processes of growth to every humanity
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, Please wipe off all agriculture loans availing from nationalised banks by the formers. we are struggling. Please.
0 0 THE  CAPTION  --  AN  AUTHENTIC  ATTACHMENT  &  ANCILLARY  SORT  
OF RE - APPROCHEMENT  PRO -SOMMUN  BONUM  SHOULD  BE  UP-LOADED 
ALSO , BROWSED  à  LA   MODE ,  UT - SUPRA .
1 0 In India the major payment mode is through cash only so there should be an great forward step like payment through digital mode is to be produce now.so the government of India should reduce the charges of payment through digital and suggest all the bank consumer to pay at least a sum of not lessthan Rs.100 through digital for any payment for a month and for the whole year it will amount forts Rs.1200 least.And finally every citizen of india will feel comfort and enjoying using digit payments
0 0 what is a digital plan
1 0 Sir government should make compulsory to use digital payment in all Departments.Contract money given to contractor and firms have to be in digital mode or and also money given to government official/Department head to give it to  contractor also have to be in digital form. So it will keep a record as how nuch budget is sanctioned to Department head and how much he had transferred to the contractor.Cash payment has to be stop completely. It will also reduce corruption
1 0 Advice all state registration/revenue offices to accept Digital payments for services like procuring an Encumbrance Certificates or old Land record details. This payment method could  replace the revenue/court stamps that are being printed by state governments.
This would also help citizens in paying the exact amount towards the services as the officials are charging more than the prescribed charges.
0 0 कैशलेस पेमेंट
@@@@@
इसकी सफलता
के लिये आवश्यक है कि
सभी पेमेंट एप्स एक दूसरे मे पेमेंट की सुविधा दें।
यानि कि Inter operability
.
इसके लिए कानून बनाया जाना जरूरी है
क्योंकि कानून के बिना निहित स्वार्थ ऐसा होने नही देंगे।
.
ऐसा यूनीवर्सल QR कोड के माध्यम से संभव है
0 0 NEFT, IMPS, MMID etc should not have any extra charges. RTGS can impose as it is for more than 2 Lacs
2 0 When I tried to pay by paytm in Bangalore; shopkeeper refused to take payment on the ground," while transferring money to bank from paytm, he have tp pay 2% extra to the Bank" !
This should be avoid till we have other taxes.
                                  In rural area like Lonar (World Herritage & Tourist Point) have only one ATM with a single and always over crowded Bank; in addition situated outside of the Town.
It is insufficient for the aim, and also troublesome & problematic
0 0 Is it allowed to derive some elements required for solution from other tools or everything is expected to be built from scratch ? #SmartIndiaHackathon2017
1 0 please announce rewards for peoples who gives great ideas to improve the india. this will increse the involvement of peoples in changing india and new ideas will take birth in young minds of india.
1 0 Please take the advices given by peoples seriously. don't just underestimate it like trash. ideas given by peoples must be taken into consideration.
0 0 Development of app for food habits and expenditure pattern on Indian products and outside Indian products for enhancing productivity and value of Indian currency. This will reduce dependency on foreign countries.This will improve the confidence and efficiency of local manufacturers.
0 0 BJP government means selling of Central Public Units which are absorbers of social equality from Vajpayee Government. Modi Sarkar should change it as voters voted for him only not for BJP who promote generally Bramins and Jains Viz., Baniyas along with RSS. Aadhaar should be filled by all information including caste, position and income group for compilation of data on social status of entire population for equitable opportunity viaIndian Rupay cards and POS machines of Indian financial system
1 0 The Police is not taking my compliant at the station and are showing all the signs of asking bribe. My Idea is to create a government website which accepts "Electronic Police Compliant" where even the Hon'Prime minister is able to look up and see how many complaints have been received today and how many complaints have become FIR's
Government will be able to regulate Law among the #Police. In the U.S cops are scared of the law and never show any issue of relentless. Indian police is not scared
0 0 Sir smart india tab tak possible nahi hai jab tak hamare government department sahi se kam nahi karege.
sir main CSC Chalata hun par. csc ka koi bhi person phone nahi pick karta hai mail ka reply nahi karta hai.
aur agar unko kuch bolo to ID band karne ki dhamki dete hai.Hum log ek chote se gawon me ka karte hai per bhi hum logo ko support nahi karte hai. is par action lena padega.sir pls take action.pls improve call center quality.
0 0 How to upload College nomination letter on it????   I uploaded pdf copy of team members and solution format in pdf.....but after completion project submission, i got this msg like "upload college nomination letter" .
0 0 Dear sir,
In all the Govt. Offices and Ministries of Govt of India a normal order is circulated in printed form. Instead if a order is circulated through a whatsapp like media Telegram etc. a lot of wastage of stationary and printing difficulties can be overcome. Within the office a letter to be circulated in printed form does not make sense. Hope if something can be done in this regard will definitely save environment.
0 0 What kind of data are we talking about? #IR29
0 0 Respected Sir/Madam,
               I am from L D COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING - AHMEDABAD. Our college already submitted college SPOC Data to MYGOV but i couldn't find out my college name in application submission form. So can u please solve this problem as soon as possible ..?
0 0 Please confirm how many teams can register from one college ?
0 0 Please tell me the last date of submission of idea . please tell me as quick as possible.
0 0 We want to improve the level of existing employee with special training and want to decrease unemployment by providing right person at right job
0 0 HOw  to get college code.
0 0 #POS4 , i am trying to submit the project, but i am getting error of secure connection failed. i tried out in every browser, but i am not able to submit it.
1 0 i am Ashish Kavishwar and i am cyber security analyst and i recently started my company cyboteck(under registration process)Sir my suggestion to you is that before we move towards digital india we need to secure our website first why i am saying that because i done a penetration testing against export inspection council of india(www.eicindia.go.in) where i found lots of vulnerabilities in that web site.we must secure our government site first.sir also i need your supportfor mycompany(8668996039)
0 0 Sir,my project is about Railway registration system .and i want a  hardware device for my project ,which is Optical Character recognition....what it will be provide for me in HACKATHON competition??
0 0 #3 how to find problem code?
0 0 I have full project for smart traffic system for indian traffic control , it will working on LTE technology
0 0 Did the last date to apply for hackathon has exceeded to 31st jan..?
0 0 What is the last date for submitting the ideas (solutions) to the problem statements?
0 0 So here's the thing,
I submitted my idea and it directed me to my profile page.I got no confirmation whatsoever about the successful submission which was not the case for other teams in my college.
So I had no other option but to try again, which I did.The second time I got the confirmation mail but Now there are 2 total submissions to  my problem statement which initially had 0 submissions. I've read duplicate submissions are prone to getting disqualified. Should I be worried ?
0 0 Here MIT Manipur.
How can we know that we are already registered?
0 0 How can we know that we are already registered?
0 0 While trying to resubmit it says" You have already submitted the participation form"
Can anyone say how to resubmit the ideas
0 0 Honorable PM
Shri Narendra Modi Ji
Govt. of India.
Sub:- LPG gas cylinder not deliver by service provider in villages area.
Dear Sir,
The LPG gas service provider not delivers the LPG in village areas. As per my observation/survey the matter about Indane gas Agency Shahganj, Jaunpur.U.P. 
Customer books there LPG by calling but the cylinder they need to collect from agency from 20 KM away from his home. All LPG service providers must need to deliver the cylinder till consumer hom
0 0 We dont know which college code want to mention ..please reply
0 0 Dear Sir,
Please, guide us about college code that institute has to write in college nomination form.  We don't know which college code we have to mention in it.
Waiting for your reply soon.
0 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #AY8 whats does "sample data required" means ???
0 1 #CV1 why can't we keep voting system online
0 0 What if Someone want to participate in the Hackathone 2017 but from their college or institute all 3 teams are registered.
1 0 Sir, One International football stadium in Bilaspur CG,Airport,More food & other Factories with kind & new employers , adventure park for youth,Education Quality is so much poor that local students ko local me bhi job ni milta :) kindly look into the development of this poor city at fast track their is no park in centre for old people.100% job .
1 0 Please you should check  fee structure of the engineering colleges they are charging us 65000 without any reason even the fees for university is about 30000 they are charging extra money for even transportation but we are not using the transportation facilty of the college they are charging excess.
1 0 Respected sir,
what does college ID specify?
Also from where can we get the college ID?
1 0 Respected Sir,
          Can you tell me about a number of teams allowed for one college? Also, the clear idea about the DEPENDENCIES and SHOW STOPPER   section in submission template.
0 0 In recent agitations in Hariyana (Jat agitation) and in Bangalore (on Cauvery dispute), public has gone wary destroying public and private properties worth crores and crores of rupees. Is it not a crime by organised groups? Are they not be punished under criminal laws of our country? Don't the instigators behind and on the scene (all political parties) be held responsible and the loss be recovered??? Pl do something concrete to prevent this national destruction.
0 0 Dear PM,
Need to have one unified syllabus for all standards, right from 1st Level  till post graduate education, in the entire country. Each State can have additional topics on  local/regional to learn about uniqueness of each State. But the main subjects like Science, Maths, Engineering, Medicine, Accounting etc shall be taught only in English medium to ensure that Indian degrees earned are at par with the that of international ones. Hindi and other regional languages shall also be taught.
0 0 good work
0 0 Sirs
PayIIT and IIM students good salary and hire them for our country build up .remove reservation of st and sc in tio level posts as we need integent and smart workers at higher level in offices . A dull and half educated student who has achieved 50% marks in exams how can he lead our mighty india to success path .so this is very necessary to take only bright students in upper class. Jobs and no reservations thould be there .thank u
0 0 Sirs only making strict against bank withdrawals and other things many things are to brought uo from bottom and cleared one by one .so that we will get cleaner ..brighter and intellegent india
0 0 Sirs
Guve permission of 5 to 10 floors for building construction in taluka headquaters and 10/20 floors for district headquaters
This will save the expansion and widening of towns and lot of agricultural land which is converted into non agricultral will be saved and we can have more agricultral out put .
0 0 Hello Sirs
For making india as smart india
Firast thing is cleaning india from floors
1.corruption from top to bottom level
2.emlowring toriusm industry
3. Making single window industrial parks where only one product is manufactured at in one city
4.industry should be started within ine year of alloted land otherwise it should be transfered to other people
Fixed tax should be imposed to industrial land alloted
5.stop conversion of agricultral land to non agricultral land .
0 0 AirPods Hackathon 2017
1 0 AirPods Hackathon 2017
1 0 iPhone 7 Hackathon 2017
0 0 Sir Bilaspur CG was city but in few years our city became village :) great progress young guys did't find job because experience & contact nhi hai & those who have job they don't have time because of work overload.A single person is too smart he is managing to do work of many guys without good salary too much pressure in innocent person koi sunta hi ni uska & when he lost hope you found him in his home;)
0 0 for making digital india more efficint we have to pay our all bills through cheques or online transection. because by this no issue of corruption will  occur.i would like to tell a very intresting story yesterday i have seen in news a person is arrested by traffic police and they told them for money but he said give me challan i will pay or give me swapping machine i will pay but they are telling give me cash he said no i will not pay in cash i will pay in court and that was a sting operation.
0 0 sir i say all tax removes for bnk online trasactions so log online transaction krne lgengey but abhi aap dekhengey log drtey h online transaction see because unko dr rehta h online krne se unkey paise ktengey so mai yhi suggest krna chahta hu ki jinne types ki fee h online transaction krne mai vo remove honi chahiye .tbhi log pure vishwas key sath online transaction krengey... aur sbsey main think sequrity bhi dey bnk ki aapka paisa safe h online transaction krney pay
1 0 Energy in Urban Local Bodies  
In India ~400mi live in cities. ULBs use old-inefficient equipment in lighting & water supply. Net power use in Water & Lighting is ~12000 MU and 6000 MU.  
Potential savings of ~40-50% are doable using new Ballasts, Fixtures, Bulbs, Pumps etc. More than 8000 MU thus saved, are equal to ~US$ 990M in investment, ~US$ 675M in costs/yr and 8.4 mi ton in CO2 stopped.  
With urban population expected to be 600mi by '31, it's a must do.
0 0 We are talking about digital india.what about the learners who are enhancing their educational skills through ignou.there is a deep rooted corruption prevaling in ignou.our study material/submited assignments geting misplaced.learners are not geting the proper guidance as attached faculties are not taking their clases.they are making money by seling projects(mca)/notes/caling learners to attend tutions.no concern authority is serious even they also misguiding us.please sir do something.thank you
1 0 1.Please Disallow all Cash Expenses more than 10000/- in Income Tax Act even Salary and Wages given to a single person in cash above 10000/-
2.Restrict Cash Withdrawal from Bank up to Monthly Income Of a Person or a Firm to discourage Black Money
3.Make it Mandatory for all Purchase and Sale Above 10000/ by Banking Transaction.
4. Waive all Transaction Charges on Net Banking and Debit Card except credit Card
5. No Cash Sale of Gold should be Allowed.
1 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov My suggestions are in the attached PDF.
0 0 हम डिजिटल इंडिया की बात कर रहे है जो सराहनिय है लेकिन दूसरी ओर हम ट्रैफ़िक को कंट्रोल नहीं कर प रहे हैं, जो बहुत दुःख और आश्चर्य की बात है। roads should be devided into three different lanes, one for twoand three wheelers, second for cars and third for heavy vehicles I.e. Buses and trucks. Road safety will automatically increase and time wastage , pollution, frustration due to traffic jams will decrease. It's a fact that so many people r migrating from Delhi just due to traffic problems.
0 0 My suggestion for digital india,
kindly please promote and equip the BSNL, which is the primary thing for Digital India, it also fetches profit to Govt of India, and we feel secured while using Govt's product.
1 0 An international invention for electrification of road transport system by an Indian presented in IEEE & SAE international conference awarded best runner up technical presentation prize and published by IEEE online, is capable to provide better public road transport with zero emissions, clean air, low noise, comfortable AC travel at low cost based on electricity with renewable energy resources. It is applicable to modern electric vehicles for creating public interest and save petroleum.
0 0 Today World Top 20 Most Polluted Cities There are many Indian Cities so to tackle this problem My suggestion is -
1)Ban On FireCrackers.If We want to play on Diwali then promote Sky Lantern.
2)ThereShould beGovt. shop that should provide free healthy Drinking water and the water should be purified from River Water.
3)In main Public Squares there should be build a special Waiting Room and that room should be made up of transparent glass and in room there should be airpurifiers.
GrowMoreTree
0 0 https://www.change.org/p/ibps-raise-the-age-limit-of-general-candidate-i...
Plz visit the link and provide approval as it is very important issue ...we shall be very grateful to our p.m...ministry of financial services, f.m..goi, , ibps if the age limit for sbi , ibps, ippb, po is changed to  35 ... plz  resolve our issues.
0 0 My Suggestion is -
1)Government Should Spend More and More Money On research We indians have Too much talent to explore fund should be provided to them.
2)Indian rivers interlink(It was started by Atal Bihari Vajpayee)
3)There Should be CCTV Cameras in all Public Places Including Traffic lights.
4)In main Public Squares there should be build a special room like Waiting Room and that room should be made up of transparent glass and in room there should be Air purifiers,CCTV camera also.
0 0 Can you please look at the video http://bit.ly/CallAmbExp comprehensively addressing Emergency Outcomes on 5 dimensions - GPS location, First Responders, Personal Blood Donor Network, Collaboration with Family and Doctor-on-duty #1 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov #Ambulances #RoadSafety
0 0 Now we are on the way of Digital revolution and so the government who welcomes/inspire the public to involve in the Digital world should ensure the safety/security through out the system. Recently I noticed an idea which developed and showcased by some school children during their exhibition program in Kerala. The idea is that anyone using the debit/credit card on ATM machine, the card owner will be noticed by message and upon approval only they can proceed. Some sort of cheating can be avoided.
0 0 As a firm supporter of digital India moment, I strongly believe that government should enable infrastructure and extend support to citizens in embracing this great initiative. Having said that how come one of the large government organisations such as INDIA POST does not allow making online payments directly to citizens PPF accounts. May I request responsible ministry to look into this issue and take initiative to make all offerings made by post office to customers are digitally supported.Thanks
0 0 The professor who denied me admissions to the PhD course had pretended to publish my academic articles in a journal but even though he published only one, he did not tell me whether the other got published or not. He stopped interacting with me because he probably stole my idea to give it to some students of his for their theses. I have been discriminated against unfairly and the University of Mumbai has to be improved so that no professor will ever dare misbehave with students.
0 0 Earlier, the Supreme Court had introduced anti noise laws to stop people from playing music only during the Ganesh Chaturti after 10 p.m. but now, they should implement laws to prevent even neighbors from making noise. No one should talk, laugh or play music loudly while keeping their door open so that it will not disturb their neighbors. Plus, the residents of any building should be asked not to pry on their neighbors but respect their privacy.
0 0 There should be more government recognized PhD courses available online. If the other countries can do it, why not India? I had been unfairly denied admissions to a PhD course at the local university here even though I was highly meritorious. It is not fair that professors admit students of their choice. For instance, a Pakistani man was given admission in my place at the University of Mumbai even though he had failed his MA 3 to 4 times. Indians should be given more preference.
0 0 i am happy to share my views officially.we should add value education as a part of school and college education.every child below 15 years should be taught about leadership and teamwork.instead of awarding grades based on examinations alone,practical training (physical exercises)also should be added as a part of school curriculum.i am focussing on every child's attitudinal development because children maybe 40 percent of today's population but they are 100 percent of india tommorow.
0 0 I believe we should change the way we approach the education. We must try to teach the inference and not stick to rote learning. We must test the true understanding of the students and not just the way they can reproduce the answer from the book.
0 0 This is one of the biggest beauty a democratic government can showcase. "By the people" in the true sense. It helps us feel as a part of the building of nation. I strongly feel it must start with our education system. Reading the foreign system in a classical Indian style. Einstein is said to have remembered only those stuffs that he could not refer within 5 minutes of time, n here we are making it mandatory to remember all the isotopes, isobars, and what not of all the elements.
0 0 Why only 3 teams from each collage/university allowed take part? My University have more then 10,000 students and only of 6 x 3 = 18 students(max.) can take part. Why you are limiting the ideas? let whoever is interested to take part. Now I have some ideas on some problem statement of Smart India Hackathon 2017, but i cant submit it because already the team of three is prepared and submited. Number of teams should be at least 20-30. So that whole India an participate.
0 0 There is huge overhaul required in our transport system to make
it more passenger friendly and much more safe and secure. The
need of the hour is the upgrading of existing transport systems
and introduction of new advanced transport systems to provide
better transport facilities. Installation of CCTV cameras in
buses, installation of distress call buttons, etc are needed to
improve safety levels for woman passengers who use public
transport systems.
0 0 Govt websites (NSDL, BSNL, EPF) should be up to date and working without errors. There should be a government verfied payment system for everyone. Like Paytm and other apps.
0 0 A knowledgeable and valuable counselling to Modi ji in person
0 0 While going through news papers I found that Transport sector needs a implementation of Digital India program.
All the vehicle made mandatory to have DASH CAMERA and GPS. This will provide position of given vehicle as well as help in reducing corruption and dispute redressal mechanism. This will reduce crime on roads and illegal collection of money across roadway sector.
Videos from dash cams can be used for solving the issues of accident and robberies. And can be vital for transport sector.
0 0 Please put a condition that ten percent of the vehicles on road should be electric vehicles in smart cities.
0 0 what is meant by sample data reqired? #IR11 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
0 0 Smartphone APP to Automatically Capture a pothole on road using internal or external mounted camera on vehicle, geotag it and post it to a central registry. Data is then generated to identify roads in bad shapes and judge quality/durability of work being caried out.
3 0 First and foremost CORRUPTION AT RTOs MUST BE ELIMINATED.
As on today not a single Indian has got his/her driving license without having to pay bribe or using influence.
It's the root cause of accidents.
2 0 There must be a insurance for the people who get los by the hacers during digital transition of money.thaks for giving me a chance to say my views.
0 1 my contribution to this great event is idea which may be used to identify the lost vehicles and avoid the traffic jam.The vehicles has to provided with GPRS module.The advantages by installing gprs module is
->it avoid traffic jam
->it avoid the theft of vehicles
->control the illegal activities done
->track any vehicles easily
in order to achieve this merits the government has to make installing the gprs module mandatory in vehicles.This idea lead a great innovation in DIGITAL INDIA..
0 1 Sir,
In 2019,we will be celebrating 50 years of bank nationalisation but as of now we have 233 million unbanked people as per PWC report. So my suggestion is to re-issue aadhar card with an electronic chip so that it can be used in any bank to do transactions provided it has a link to one primary bank account.
Regards
0 0 I have some questions on feasibility regarding a project from the Ministry of Road Transport. Please provide the details of the nodal officer for the ministry. #13 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MinistryofRoadTransportandHighways #MyGov
0 0 More and Effective Schemes for the Agricultural Industry need to be introduced and all the farmers needed to be educated on the latest technology in the Agricultural Industry.
One of the main problems for farmers is Water. In such cases, effective methodologies need to be introduced and implemented. 
Regards
A.Koushik
#AIC7 #MasterMinds #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov
0 0 Sir,
Education needs to be improved in a faster rate so that India would be a developed Country in a few more years.
Hats off to the Government in bringing excellent Schemes and We are also proud of it.
By conducting the Smart India Hackathon , we deem it as an Excellent opportunity for contributing to the Country's development.
Regards
A.Koushik
Easwari Engineering College #AIC7 #MasterMinds #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov
0 0 Sir,
Education needs to be improved in a faster rate so that India would be a developed Country in a few more years.
Hats off to the Government in bringing excellent Schemes and We are also proud of it. 
By conducting the Smart India Hackathon , we deem it as an Excellent opportunity for contributing to the Country's development.
Regards
A.Koushik
Easwari Engineering College #AIC7 #MasterMinds
1 0 Sir
My View and opinions regarding Development Goal support to This Government
Suggestion
1) This Government Must Start one Govt Online Web Portals for All National People Opinions Voting Online System
Where All Parliament Bill or Future Plans are share with for Voting
Are kept for Public Opinions and their Votes and Views expressed by All Indian Comman Man
All Loksabha Bills to be Kept online to know Indians Voting Online System to know what people of India Thinks for Future Plans
0 0 Sir
My View and opinions regarding Development Goal support to This Government
Suggestion
1) This Government Must Start one Govt Online Web Portals for All National People Opinions Voting Online System
Where All Parliament Bill or Future Plans are share with for Voting
Are kept for Public Opinions and their Votes and Views expressed by All Indian Comman Man
All Loksabha Bills to be Kept online to know Indians Voting Online System to know what people of India Thinks for Future Plans
0 0 Sir,
    can we have a faculty from our college as the team member when we are submitting the proposals for the Smart India Hackathon 2017
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
0 0 Sir, Please manufacture UPI gadget, which has an isolated net connection, scans finger print, validates on Adhar, and allows individuals to make payments thru this gadget. This UPI gadget would have embedded OS, so virus attack can be eliminated. Easy to use gadget can be provided bought by bank, provided to customers free of cost up to few transactions, and further on annual cost model. UPI gadget can be made in INDIA. I would be interested to work on this project on PPP basis with Government.
0 0 Toll Plazas are the biggest hurdle in vehicle movement on high ways. In fact why should there be a toll tax. Every person who uses a road consumes petroleum fuel. Cost for a toll tax should be included in the price of fuel. Portion of fuel price should be used only for making and maintenance of roads. Some road cess is already charges on fuel. If it is not sufficient it may be increased. NHAI should be abolished and one  Roads Authority of India be made for all roads.
1 0 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wmNbcVm2UTw&feature=share
Just see. Drama presented by class 9th and 10th students GMIC patlot. Nainital.
2 0 Dear sir/madam,
Two suggestions for Road Transport :
1. To encourage helmets
     Police should charge for a new helmet on spot and make them wear on spot, instead of charging fines.
Thus everyone without helmet will have to buy from Police whenever he/she breaks the rule.
2. All the vehicles lying outside the Police Station should be sold in Auction after a fixed time of warning to the owner say after 6 months. This will help to generate revenue for govt as well as avoid junks.
0 0 Dear sir/madam,
Two suggestions for Road Transport :
1. To encourage helmets
     Police should charge for a new helmet on spot and make them wear on spot, instead of charging fines.
Thus everyone without helmet will have to buy from Police whenever he/she breaks the rule.
2. All the vehicles lying outside the Police Station should be sold in Auction after a fixed time of warning to the owner say after 6 months. This will help to generate revenue for govt as well as avoid junks.
2 0 Give a chance to people to share their opinions and suggestions in their Regional Languages like Telugu, Tamil, Bengali. That makes you to get Best suggestions from all over India from Rural areas also. Please consider suggestions from Regional languages by respecting and giving value to Regional Languages.
0 0 Please clarify on the minimum numbers in a team. Also, is there an online avenue for submission of the proposal?
1 0 sir,is it compulsory to have six members in a team or a team with fewer members can also apply?
2 0 Respected Sir,
With reference to the discussion topic received through Smart India Hackathon’ 2017 for the topic- "lack of sustainability in appointment of Faculty in Higher Educational Institutions/ Colleges", please find attached the the probable solution for the same.
0 0 Hi
I am Krishan kant jangid from Jaipur
 i want's to know why don't you launch any invesṭamenṭ scheme . For common people so that they can invest there money in Real-Estate
And aware people's about the Special-Economic-Zone (SEZ)
and
 Delhi Mumbai Industrial Coordinator (DMIC)
Many people don't know what they are
3 0 Dear Prime Minister, I am an 81 yrs old professional manager in my 60th year of active working  life. My most critical feedback to you is about the utter lack of accountability, discipline and work ethics in our Govt offices including the Police. This malaise spans the entire spectrum of the hierarchy.None of your grand plans for DEVELOPMENT will fructify unless we have a disciplined work force and enforcement of law is strong and consistent.Punishment has to be exemplary and advertised.
0 0 Sir, Gujarat govt employees not come to office at time schedule. All r setting.. Please stop it.
0 0 Sir, Gujarat younger's employees suffering fix pay system. It's totally unconstitutional policy. Remove fix pay from Gujarat. Save youger's life....
2 0 All medical / teaching students who have scholarships should do a mandatory 1 year service in rural India and need to give back to the country. The tool should be able to keep track of all such students who receive grants and scholarships and should allot them a rural clinic to finish their one year mandatory service. Only on completion of the service should they get their certificate or be allowed to pursue higher studies or go abroad.
1 0 All artisans in India should be able to register themselves online through an easy tool. They should be able to enter the materials they need to create their handicraft. The tool should help them identify where the materials are available and the market price for the same and should be able to get them in touch with the vendors. They should also be able to reach out to retailers and suppliers who can buy their products directly from them without the middleman and the local goons.
0 0 Sir please make policy of ONE PERSON-ONE BANK ACCOUNT mandatory and implement it as soon as possible. It is necessary for clean and transparent banking operations for smart india.Like ADHAAR,bank account should also be unique of a person so that he/she can maintain it properly and there is no laundering of money by depositing in several accounts of different banks. Banks will be less burdened of paper work and database traffic.I as a banker want banking better in India.  THANK YOU
0 0 Is it right that 6 teams can be selected from an institute?
0 0 Sir How can I upload my college letter containing teams details which I forgot to upload while idea submission.
I submitted my idea without uploading college letter. now I got mail saying that Missing College letter. So how can I upload it now. Do you have any mail id for sending the missing details. Kindly Help me in this regard.
thanking you.
0 0 Dear Sir,
I am participating in Smart India Hackathon'17 on the topic of Location of Railway Reservation Offices #IR2. The sample data given with the question is not relevant to the question (It contains data of Trains available for reservation). So I needed data sample which has Location data of the 3500 locations of all the reservation offices across India. Please help, thank you.
0 0 Smart India Hackathon 2017 http://manzill.com
1 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 How will we be notified in case of approval of our submissions ?
0 0 Siri anjan mukherjee innovator herbal mosquito larvae killer inovat(dangue malaria national test hy certificate no synthetic pasties no side effects also eco friendly dangue mosquito adis menly bite morning time and inside the house but natonal victor born control spray synthatic i want to work with govtv
2 0 Dear Sir,
villages must have different quality school ,different education like kissan engineering,they will learn to create beauty with farming,Innovation technology creation,they must learn self power creation,self technology creation like solar pump etc,Make them self dependent & smart they can set small farming industries as per their requirements don't push every one in same line.Past Decisions by Gov responsible for unemployment & difference among people by cast.
0 0 SIR I WANT TO SHARE 1 IDEA 4 FUTURE INDIA.DOUBLE DECKAR PASSENGER TRAIN WITH CHAIR COACH,DINNING COACH,SLEEPING BERTH & CARGO COACH.PEOPLE ALWAYS PAY FOR BEST SERVICE...I NAME THE TRAIN BHARAT EXPRESS..JAI HIND.
0 0 Modiji Namaskar,
After independence our North Karnataka was totally ignored by all means.  By all political parties. Currently in your era, we keep hope on you. First priority is Jobs creation and industry set up. All are moving to Bengaluru as most of the prominent ministers are from South. We are totally ignored. Our children are moving to Bengaluru for jobs, leaving us hapless. Second is Green. N Karnataka is drought place and need plantation of trees, which in turn will invite more hopes
1 0 Dear Sir,
I'm worried about the pollution caused by industries which dump toxic waste in air, water & soil. My suggestion is
1. Encourage Scientists/Universities to develop methods/processes to help industries transform this toxic waste into bio-degradable form before releasing it. pls see attached file
2. Industries which don't adhere to these methods must be taxed heavily whereas ones that adhere might be given some tax benefit .
Pls make it a must to use these methods in smart cities
0 0 Digital literacy problem can't be solved until people at the end of poverty don't how to use digital payments. Sabhasad's/Party workers at their constituency should go home to home to educate digital payments. It needs to be treated the same way as polio was eradicated, by giving polio drops home to home, but needs to done in very aggressive and speedy manner.#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
1 0 Dear Sir
I think above rs 5000 any payment should be through cheque or ecs and digital mode.It will control the black money and corrupt person.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Please fine the attachment for OCI and PIO card problem. Need your urgent help Sir.
0 0 Introduce digital literacy already in primary/secondary education.Schools in cities must be asked to tie with schools in villages so that exchange of teachers/students/curriculum can take place seamlessly.Just like sister cities there should be sister schools concept introduced.This will reduce digital divide to a great extent.Computer literacy must be made mandatory at all schools.Access to high speed uninterrupted internet all over India.Corruption at all levels must stop.
0 0 Dear Sir, ADCASH is PONZI scheme that is spreading in India like wild fire... This made millions in US poorer and was brought down by US federal government in 2012.. Now it is spreading in India.. many of my friends are selling this scheme to each other.. Please take immediate action in National interest
0 0 I would like make Every company workers and other labours should get his salary via bank account (I mean every person should get his salary via bank account )  ,it will increase the some percentage of country growth
0 0 I am asked to submit a college authorization letter and a draft for your idea, however that has already been done. However to which email the documents are supposed to be submitted ? #MTy8 , #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 ,  #MyGov
0 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #AIC7  When will the shortlisted teams of approved submissions be announced?
0 0 to -mr.prime minister, my little things for cashless india-
0 0 For any query/ explanation related to problem statements of Smart India Hackathon-2017 for Ministry of Steel, following may be contacted:
1. Shri Sanjit Dash, AGM (IT-Services), MECON
9470590358, sanjit.dash@gov.in
2. Shri P.K Dubey, Sr. Manager (IT-Services), MECON
9470193787, pkdubey@meconlimited.co.in
3. Shri Dipan Das, DE (IT-Services), MECON
0651-2483085, dipan@meconlimited.co.in
4. Shri Deepak Kumar, ADE (IT-Services), MECON
0651-2483475, deepakit@meconlimited.co.in
1 0 This kind of work also part of corruption
Big black spot for smart city,s
1 0 To control the corruption first pass a bill any political party don't receive the amount without cheque or swiping machine.Public servants and politicians must declare their saving amount from their earnings for every year to IT.Doctors,lawers,auditors must receive their feeses through cheque or swiping machines.A Bill pass on this issue
0 0 Try to shift the st's from forests.Then forest and environment not destroy.Naxalites also controlled.
0 0 there's this gadget u should check out for unlimited internet access..this thing is what india needs...https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/lantern-a-global-satellite-data-radio#/
0 0 1. TO APPLY “DIRECT BENEFIT TRANSFER” IN ALL GOVT SUBSIDY AND SERVICES.ONLY BPL CITIZEN SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR ALL GOVT FUNDING.( RAILWAY TICKETS,FOOD RATION,SCHOOL,MEDICAL )
2. INTRODUCTION OF “UNIVERSAL BASIC INCOME”—A GURANTEED BASIC INCOME TO POOR/BPL CITIZEN
3. TO CONDUCT A WIDE COVERAGE ECONOMIC SURVEY ACROSS COUNTRY TO ANALYSE REAL BPL AND ECONOMIC CLASS IN THE COUNTRY.THIS DATA CAN BE LINKED WITH AADAHAR TO USE FOR DIRECT BENEFIT TRANSFER.
4.INTRODUCTION OF “STOP CRIME-INDIA”—APP
0 0 Create a multi-layer innovation ladder to help drive our country's growth!
1) Every school / college to hold their own innovation expo's within their premises
2) Winners from their levels, can participate in next level at zone and then finally at national level
3) Awards should be generous at each level in terms of money, gifts like gadgets, car, bike, cycle etc, sponsorship etc
4) National-level winner to be rewarded in R-Day / I-Day as "Indian Innovator of the Year"!
0 0 Dear Modiji,
Thank you for your undying efforts to make my country great again! I am using all the digital payment methods like USSD and mobile applications. I am trying to teach this to all those I interact with. The problems that I came across was that sometimes the USSD and apps dont work due to network or source applications issues. Also the USSD based solution is the only method for feature phones and require cumbersome registration in IMPS through banking channels.
0 0 Sir
Media and people must discuss benefit of cash less economy with example . This increases velocity of money .
all corrupt official are against our PM but common people are with him .
All lawyers and doctor must take money through cashless .why Supreme Court is not stopping open
Bribe in court of up through ardalis . People may not be knowing that judges house expenses are met through that .
All benami properties confiscated should be converted into. Women and Dalit hostel f
1 0 In Uttar Pradesh i think near about 1500 approx. technical institute are there, and i dont think all of them are needed....some has to be banned....because the level of knowledge that must be there, is not there. Every year tonnes of student start there career with technical education butso many are unemployed due to overwhelmed institutes by the state govt.
0 0 Make people smart first.Create a site where people can post the events of encounter with honest people.let them get recognition support from the people.put the in hall of fame of the site so that others get motivated to be in that place.take suggestions from those honest officers on development works and their feedback from people, improvements of society.
0 0 FAKE POLITICAL PROPOGANDA IS VERY HUGE PROBLEM IN SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES.SO I HOPE ENGG STUFENT MAKE WAY THROUGH IT
1 0 Hello,
I work with an MyBidu (www.mybidu.com). MyBidu is a digital platform where we are trying to get skills across nation to sell on our portal and earn living. 
We are simple platform where we want Indian products (Be it made at home product in a hut or be it an industrialist) and Indian services (Be the service provider a small scale from below low income community or a richest guy in India) to come to our portal and sell their products and advertise their services.
1 0 Whenever a tourist land in India. He must be given a link/QR code to scan and install OneIndiaTour app. It will be just like MyJio app, an app of all apps related to tourism, History movie, Security, Accommodation, Rail and Air ticket booking apps. A movie for a site, as a tourist scan QR for that site on OneIndiaTour, all concerned apps populated with number of article related to that site and as he open those app, he is introduced with history in form of movie/connected places/etc
0 0 Why we need to upgrade and upskill polytechnics
Reimagine the curriculum to the changing needs of the industry.Embed DIY skill sets capability and create more Entrepreneurs.Cross train and upskill of Polytechnic students
Cross Pollinate between IT sector and blue collar workers.Alignment of Polytechnic skillsets to IT Industry.Abstract the success story of Indian IT/BPS for Manufacturing Hardware world.
1 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017
Please see the app I made using Ministry of tourism API. It shows 'Approved places to stay", "Approved Travel Agents", "Must see Destinations", "Must see Tourist circuits".
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.indian.apis
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/explore-india!/id1181205429?ls=1&mt=8
0 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017
Ideas like
Live Tourism Map of India,
City Maps of important cities in India.,
wildlife sanctuaries / National Parks / Bird Sanctuaries
themes Cuisine, festivals, etc.
can only be achieved when Ministry of Tourism provides these data.
0 0 #8 Currently data available as API from Ministry of Tourism is very old and have lots of error. Please do something about it. I contacted the Data officer assigned for that API but the response is typical Govt employee response like we dont have the person who can authorise the update/officer is not assigned.
0 0 We all Institute of all state should common Time Table of Courses, Examination and all nation wide common entrance test as facultywiae.
0 0 Sir mera naam Ashish Kumar Maurya hai Aur mai class 12th ka student hu ..mai sangam city Allahabad se hu...sir mai aapki ray ka intazar karunga ..dhanyavad
0 0 Sir apki kya ray hai mlm Aur direct selling ko lekar kya mai jaan sakta hu..
0 0 Mananiya p.m.Ji aapse ek nivedan hai ki INDIA me E-COMMERCE start se releted mere pass ek sujhav hai.
Jo students ke liye bahut hi achcha project hai earn while you learn program hai sir.DIGITAL INDIA ko ek kadum aage badhane me help kar sakta hai.har ek student soft skills bhi sikhe Aur saath hi saath us education ko promot kare kewal 2hour nikal kar .
Kya aapko nahi lagta ki har ek student ke liye behtar rahega Aur achcha khasa income bhi generate kare.. aapki kya ray hai mlm Aur direct sel.
0 0 Can we install sound receiver at each signal where , if the receiver get the sound of an ambulance, signal's original logic should be changed and it should continuously be green if it is already in green condition or it will instantly become green if it is red when it hears the ambulance horn. Once the horn alarm disappeared signal logic should get restored to its original..
1 0 Make the voting system (EVM) with aadhaar based authentication then only fake voting can be controlled.
0 0 Lets check
0 0 #DST2
what is the last date of submission of #DST2
0 0 Can we use MATLAB for our submissions?
1 0 Sir,
. Recently heard about Shivaji memorial in Aribian Sea project around Rs.3,500 crore. I m not against this but is this the only way to give memorial, in state where farmers are doing suicide due to drought. One of the idea for giving memorial is by creating DAM on the name of Shivaji or same amount can be use for research for utilising converting sea water in drinking water or can use for farming
Regards
1 0 Everyone in the corporate world believes that skill development is very important for the growth of the country and the individual. In order to become skilled employee one has to spend around 1L to 2Ls per year to complete his/her training. If anyone earning 3 to 4 lakhs per year and not getting any tax exemption against completing skill development training than how they will survive.Tax exemption is given for paying child's tuition fees. Please give some exemption for self study. Thank You!
0 0 Traffic Police too needs the protection.
0 1 I, Darshana Khakhar, Research Scholar from Gujarat University, interested in studying the new technologies evolving  in the banking and financial sector. My focus is how electronic money is playing its role in the banking and financial sector and how the new technologies of virtual money may have its impact on the users and society at large. The data collected with the help of this questionnaire  will be used only for academic purpose
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1LQw40NHZ8cPvtxuZExd3Qyx2
0 1 Every mobile ,internet,telephone and wireless connection that are existing and new ,whether for a individual or organization or institutions should be linked to biometric and to the unique identity or aadhar card and any connection that does not comply to this should be deactivated this reduces the illegal use age of communication systems and terror activities.this should be made mandatory for every service provider.
Kanuj chopra
0 1 Respected sir ,
               Today road safty is a big issue , bike  companies should give halmate compulsory on each new buy OF BIKE AND SCOOTERS  . These Should be made mandotary for all bike  companies.
0 1 If Only My Team Have Submitted The Proposal Then What is Guarantee To Be Selected.
0 0 sir great step towards digital india keep it up
0 0 digitalisation की अनिवार्यता निर्माण संभंधित विभागों(PWD/नगर निगम आदि )में बहोत ज़रूरी है |टेंडर की खरीदी ऑनलाइन करने से भ्रस्टाचार में काफी कमी आयी है,ठीक उसी प्रकार जब ठेकेदारो की फाइल पेमेंट के लिए जाती है तब उसकी फाइल की स्थिति ऑनलाइन वेब से या एप्प के द्वारा शो हो इसका digitalisation होना भी काफी महत्वपूर्ण है क्योकि सर्वाधिक भ्रस्टाचार अधिकारियो द्वारा फाइल रोकने के नाम पर किया जाता है |
अतः इसमें भी शीघ्र digatalisation करने की कृपा करे जिससे इन विभागों में भ्रस्टाचार की कमी आये |
0 0 What are we supposed to put in the use case part of the submission template?
0 0 Sir INDIAN HISTORY IS A BIG AND DEEP ONE , EACH AND EVERY STATE, CITY HAS GOT ITS OWN STYLE IF CULTURE,NATURE ETC.WHY NOT CENTRAL GOVT CALL ALL 24 CRAFTS IN ENTERTAINMENT AND GIVE THEM JOB. FOR EXAMPLE LIKE GO YOU SHOOT HISTORY ABOUT KAASI AND TELECAST IN OUR DD CHANNEL'S LIKE DISCOVERY CHANNEL DUB AND DO IN ALL LANGUAGES.SO PEOPLE WITHOUT WORK IN THESE 24 CRAFTS GET TENSED AND DIE (SUICIDE) WE CAN STOP BY GIVING THEM WORK .THERE ARE SO MANY TALENTED ARTIST,WRITERS,DIRECTORS,CAMERAMAN ETC SO TRY
0 0 Please improve this app..  voter id....some correction online is good but image and files is not unloaded
0 0 Namste,
                Many indian hacker jobless, submit all hackers and create a group of goverment  hackers job department......many indian hacker is good to other hackers........offer to hackers in this job by government....in this time cashless india...cyber security is very impotant.
0 0 Every mobile ,internet,telephone and wireless connection that are existing and new ,whether for a individual or organization or institutions should be linked to biometric and to the unique identity or aadhar card and any connection that does not comply to this should be deactivated this reduces the illegal use age of communication systems and terror activities.this should be made mandatory for every service provider.
0 0 can i participate with a 2 member team ?
0 0 Appoint 'Lok Mitra' through a nominated agency at central / state level on commission basis as indirect employment for solving initially, traffic jam / traffic problems under traffic police with their own digital tools like Mobile phones with apps and 2-wheeler with advance helmet (camera fitted) with the right of fine / penalties imposing on rules breaker under traffic law in all areas i.e. Urban, Semi urban, Rural etc (Commission from collected fines)
Huge 5 M can employed, will earn revenue
0 0 Respected PM my request for you to make some innovative movements in indian cinema industry too. Cinema is the biggest entertainment medium for Indians not only that it is one off biggest tax generating area for government. But Highest percentage of cinema theatres doesn't have  ticketing machines it help them to hide tax and real collection report.  More than 40%  of income loss happening due to piracy. So we have confident that you can and you will take brave steps against these.Thank you sir.
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, विश्व के सबसे युवा देश भारत मे युवाओ का एक बड़ा हिस्सा ऐसा है जो दूसरे शहरो मे दूर अध्ययन करता है,  नौकरी करता है । ऐसे मे परीक्षा आदि के समय यह वर्ग मतदान नही कर पाता। अतः निवेदन है कि इस वर्ग के लिए ई -मतदान प्रणाली विकसित की जाए जो आधार कार्ड, मोबाइल नंबर, ई मेल खाते आदि  जानकारियो पर आधारित हो तथा जिससे हर युवा देशनिर्माण कार्य मे योगदान दे सके।
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, विश्व के सबसे युवा देश भारत मे युवाओ का एक बड़ा हिस्सा ऐसा है जो दूसरे शहरो मे दूर अध्ययन करता है,  नौकरी करता है । ऐसे मे परीक्षा आदि के समय यह वर्ग मतदान नही कर पाता। अतः निवेदन है कि इस वर्ग के लिए ई -मतदान प्रणाली विकसित की जाए जो आधार कार्ड, मोबाइल नंबर, ई मेल खाते आदि  जानकारियो पर आधारित हो तथा जिससे हर युवा देशनिर्माण कार्य मे योगदान दे सके।
0 0 सम्मानीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आपके द्वारा बहोत अच्छी पहल की गयी की आपने आम जनता के सुझाव आमंत्रित किये इसलिए आपका ह्रदय से धन्यवाद |
प्रधानमंत्री जी ,एक छोटा सा सुझाव है की एक नियम सरकार द्वारा ऐसा बनाया जाए जिससे अचल संपत्ति आधार कार्ड से लिंक की जाए ,चाहे वो कभी भी खरीदी गयी हो या वसीयत /दान द्वारा मिली हो | और जो संपत्ति आधार से लिंक से नहीं हुई वो सरकारी संपत्ति घोषित की जाए |
                              अतः उपरोक्त सुझाव विचार करने योग्य हो तोह इस पर विचार करने की कृपा करे |
0 0 Dear Sir, as government is promoting the cashless system then transection fee need to be waived off pls.
0 0 Dear Sir judiciary system should also be made online. If we can buy any thing online. Then we should be able to apply birth certificate ,death certificate, marriage certificate, divorce online will save time of citizens. Other judiciary services can also be made as per requirement.A total list can be made by law ministry for things which can be done online and which does not requires any physical presence.Then all doable list can be linked with turn around time to ensure timely resolutions
0 0 Whether 12th grade students are allowed to participate?
0 0 Is there any proto type is need to submit at selection time or only presentation.
0 0 Sir, my INVENTION-Spindicator-15.which is a small device usable in any electrical switch board functions as mentioned below to save around76million US$ per year if used all over India.None showing interest inspite of my repeated effort. Details in the attachments.
0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी काले धन से लड़ने के लिये केस लेस को बढ़ावा देना होगा मेरे पास एक सुझाव है एक आम आदमी एक दिन में  अपनी बाइक या कार में 500 rs से ज्यादा पेट्रोल नही भर वाता।आप 2017 के अंत तक देश के सभी पेट्रोल पंप कैस लेस करने का एलान कर दीजिए जिसमे आम आदमी को छूट होगी।आप एलान कीजिए कि 1 अप्रैल से 10000 rs से ज्यादा का पेट्रोल कैस में नही मिलेगा।फिर 1जून से 7500 rs से ज्यादा का पेट्रोल कॅश में नही मिलेगा।फिर 1 अगस्त से 5000 rs से ज्यादा का पेट्रोल नही।फिर 1 अक्टूबर से 2500 rs से ज्यादा नही।
0 0 It is important to release the political prisoners who are held for no reasons. Also there should be a clear research, study and reform the way the prison cells operate. Only those who commit big crime must be held in cells. Others should be held in training camps where they behaviour can be changed through religious activities and work and education.
0 0 Srilankan Tamils issue should addressed, though Indian government is trying to please Srilankans. It is the duty of the Indian government to protect and get Lankan Tamils their autonomy at least to some extent. If not this can bring a question about Indian integration itself. India as a country may disintegrate,if Tamils begin to understand the real issue that the Indian government is doing!
1 0 Why Modi government is charging people for withdrawing money from the cash machines or ATM? Also cash flow should be smooth in order to keep the economy moving forward. Otherwise the whole demonetization will become a failure. Also provide small farmers some money into their account at least 10,000 Rupees. If not this government can be considered as a failure and not doing anything for people though it is claimed! Sad reality
0 0 In Mumbai for the coming up Bombay municipal Corporation elections cleanliness drive Garbage collection and improvement of broken pavements are not considered seriously.
We are suffering dirty roads and garbage heaps.
0 0 Dear Sir
Using complain Book and highlighting issues related to railway is painful task for traveler. As we are going for digitization in all space of our life. Can we make this complain book available for traveler as mobile App and is it also possible to capture details by images and record as observation in mobile app inside Coach and Railway station for traveler. It should be exclusively available for traveler and can be activated for traveler during their travel duration.
0 0 3. Consumer Forum & submission for Consumer Grievance into the Consumer Forums should be made online with the help of Unique IDs OR Aadhaar cards etc.
- because, most of the times, the touts OR Dalaals outside the District Consumer Forum delay the consumer grievance redressal and cheat the consumer and delay the justice.
0 0 Namaskaar Honourable PM Narender Ji, I as a citizen of INDIA have 3 suggestions today - on the basis of my experiences & observations.
2. Please provide DEMAT accounts to be opened for all INDIAN citizens - similar to your Jan-Dhan Yojana–zero balance bank accounts for all.DEMAT should be free of Annual recurring charges for Senior Citizens, Women and other such identified categories (farmers, BPL etc.) The reason behind this:regular citzen is NOT capable of paying high annual charges by NSDL.
0 0 Namaskaar Honourable PM Narender Ji.
I as a citizen of INDIA have 3 suggestions today - on the basis of my experiences & observations.
1. I suggest that each INDIAN citizen be provided FREE EMAIL ID access from NIC - the central Govt. Nodal agency for all IT solutions.
- the citizens are forced to use Google mail or Yahoo mail etc.
- they should be allotted unique email IDs based on their Unique Aadhaar numbers.
- with all similar features and storage capacity as Gmail or Yahoomail etc.
0 0 Sir,
Financial support to Pregnant women is really helpful to the poor community and at the same time it should be restricted to TWO child birth only.
Further focus to be given to improve education system and environment with the Govt Schools and colleges
1 0 If we dig in our history of kings, they had lots of smart ideas to manage lives, kingdom even when they were away thousand km in battlefield...we're they not smart...people used to excel in their hobbies, had 100 yrs of defined age...yes they had certain limitations, which we can overcome...We should look at our history...to really make smart cities...good sanitation, ample water, healthy n secured life, healthy food, number of festivals, sports and of course less of unwanted knowledge.
0 0 I think we limit our thought process of being smart limited to anything n everything which can be done using mobile...is it really smart?....I thought we were smart when we were able to remember telephone numbers of near n dear ones until mobiles arrived...how many of us now remember the numbers...I believe smartness lies in not knowing everything happening in world but one that gives u n ur concerned happiness. Hence, a good environment, security, need to know information n physical work....
1 0 Please remove any transaction charge viz  MDR on card payement for the customer . Various merchants are  taking such fee hoti 2 % from customer.
So.issue the clear instruction or enforce with fresh circular .
 There is running wrong message in people.
Satyamev Jayate
0 0 Respected sir,
i wish to share my opinion in swacha bharat abhiyan .sir near about all citizens are using pen to write anything and throwout that used pen when refil is over,they are increasing more and more scrap,garbage.so if we creat awarness in public to reuse that old pen.it will helpful for enviornment
0 0 If the Govt can instruct to all of its beneficiaries who/which has been aided/granted financially, to expend all the granted money by digital transaction only, it will help the country in lesscash movement.
0 0 Sir As per my knowledge if we develop all district (at least) as metro cities and distribute the load of metro cities like delhi,bengaluru,chennai and so on we can save lots of natural resources every day many people traveling from their district to metro cities for job if we develop all district and enhance jobs in their district people need not travel regularly by this we can save petrol money and time which reduce the wastage of natural resources.all industries have to distributes across .
0 0 India will become smart India, if it includes Overseas Citizens of India when it formulates polices such as demonetization of specified bank notes(SBNs). NRIs visit India once in a year or more and carry very few SBNs, probably 10k as emergency funds per person for use in India. It is drawn from our NRI accounts. Why is government not smart enough to allow us to deposit into our NRI accounts from overseas? Polices existing for those returning to India will not help those who are not! Help us!!!!
0 0 Sir to make cashless India it take time, so for making habit to people we has to with some limits.
ABOVE 500RS IS MUST AND SHOULD IN CASHLESS. AND ALL BUSINESS WHO OWNS TIN NO. THEY MUST DO TRANSACTION ABOVE 500 IS CASHLESS.
By this it will not affect small amt TRANSACTION people.
0 0 For unskilled Labour like sweepers spend approximately 28% of their wages on transportation , my suggestion : all govt buses like DTC in Delhi should run free from 6am to 8am & 4pm to 6pm for everyone . So that they shall be able to save some money for the education and healthy food for their children .
0 0 My question "To solve more than one problem in single android application ".
0 0 I am making a on board robot for landing planes automatically but i don't see a suitable statement i request to please allot a problem for my problem
0 0 In India internet speed is very slow 3.2mbps (world raking is 112) this is not good for goal of digital India.
internet speed should be  incress and it recharge package also very costly it should come under in middle class family.
Thanks.
Thanks.
1 0 In DTH all company loot to end customer,
they have to give option like as prepaid mean they have to count how to many hours watching tv as per counting hours it should cut money not like prepaid mobile.
electricity also count unit how many unit use and they count unit and they charges bill.
but DTH company no do like it.
They DTH recharge voucher also very costing, it is too much for middle class.
Modi sir, please do anything in this issue.
Thanks.
0 0 Dear All,
I am myself of the opinion to develop & launch an app through which we can get the tickets directly with a WIFI zone created at the station itself with the help of our Smartphone mobile app without standing in the queues, focusing more on Digital India and Cashless transaction.
Kindly get this forum passed for the betterment of the society, this app would be useful for all the Indian Railways commuters, targeting more for the Mumbai locals.
Thanks & Regards
Bipin Kumar Jaiswar
0 0 JAI HIND VANDE MATARAM TO YOU ALL
FOR RAILWAY - CHEAPER OPTION OF FAIRS FIRST MAKE EACH AND EVERY STATIONS USING FREE ENERGY WHICH WE GET FROM WINDMILL, SOLAR, GENERATOR ON EVERY WAGON OR BOGGY, 100% CASHLESS WINDOWS RUN ON FREE ENERGY, AND ALSO PPP PROJECTS OR GIVE STATIONS ON RENT TO REDUCE COST.
FOR ROAD AND HIGHWAYS - ALLOW TO INSTALL WINDMILL GENERATOR ON HIGHWAY TO PRODUCE ELECTRICITY.MY SUGGESTIONS WILL CREATE HEAVY EMPLOYMENT IN RURAL INDIA FOR LONG TIME.
0 0 JAI HIND VANDE MATARAM TO YOU ALL
FOR RAILWAY - CHEAPER OPTION OF FAIRS FIRST MAKE EACH AND EVERY STATIONS USING FREE ENERGY WHICH WE GET FROM WINDMILL, SOLAR, GENERATOR ON EVERY WAGON OR BOGGY, 100% CASHLESS WINDOWS RUN ON FREE ENERGY, AND ALSO PPP PROJECTS OR GIVE STATIONS ON RENT TO REDUCE COST.
FOR ROAD AND HIGHWAYS - ALLOW TO INSTOLL WINDMILL GENERATOR ON HIGHWAY TO PRODUCE ELECTRICITY.
0 0 Our govt should connect each Ration card with a bank account by help of Banks through each Ration Store. Then, weekly once/twice an awareness demo on Card usage and advantages of digitalization should be explained to the people of rural areas.
This activity should be started from Rural areas, it may consume some amount of time but which is very worthy and no one can escape from digitalization. Once the Rural area people have a Card for a family then it is very easy to promote Cashless India.
1 0 Sir i want to share my experience that 70% of vehicles in our nation don't have proper redium on it so there must be compulsary rule for vehicles specially for heavy vehicles like tractor-trolly,truck and many more that they have proper redium or any other reflective material on vehicles so there is posibilities in reduction in road accident mostly in rural areas. If such vehicle does'nt have redium on it so registration must be cancelled or the owner of vehicle must be paid for it.
0 0 This is with respect to improving the agriculture &a farming in the country . Today we have so many data analytics and prediction systems . Why should not we employ this to help the farmers of our nation take informed decisions . This includes attributes like weather , right cultivation and methods to cultivate.This is essential without this knowledge sharing to farmers the money spent by the farmers are going in vain.No matter how many schemes government gives poor will be poor until we do this
0 0 We have expected so much from Hon.PM Mr.NarendraModiJI about delivered speech today .. nothing is there still its creating loop holes for Benami for the point of "Home Loans for Villagers".
India can fly a Rocket/ can do Chandrayaan but not be able control of black money/benami. We required such a Technology/startups able to controlling of Black Money, Elections Contest-pouring money, Benami etc. Try to identify any prevent loop holes for any implementations.
1 0 Sir to be frank most of the colleges or institutes doesn't have a clue of this competition . Our nation is funding the premier institutes let us involve IIT's and NIT's in these  competition . Our government invests so much  money in those colleges  why don't we look at ROI , let us bring in a rule if we do not find innovation coming through these colleges then give a warming and stop funding . Government is investing so much money in the brightest minds and we expect some social responsibility
0 0 Can i apply solutions for 2 or more problem statements in different categories?
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017
#MyGov
0 0 dear sir,
 is it 3 teams per challenge per challenge per college or only 3 teams
0 0 BHAVIN MEHTA FROM RAJKOT-GUJARAT...
GROW TREES AROUND ALL GOVT. AAVAS YOJNA.
I SHOW THERE IS NO TRESS AROUND ANY AAVAS YOJNA.....
SWACHH BHARAT......POLLUTION FREE BHARAT......
THANKS....HOPPING TO BE FAVOURED....
1 0 I would like add my ideas to our country that people have gradually habituated to do cashless transactions through internet or apps etc.my idea is aadhar linked election systerm through online may useful to reduce expenditure on elctions.Nowadays people are gaining knowledge on Digital technology.each household one educated is enough to train digital technology to their family members that creating awareness on digital banking ,apps, smatphones in the same way they would know to vote digitally.
0 0 There are few ways through which we can contribute to remove corruption or girl abuse and many. It will take some time but effective
1) Mobile court (24*7) for immediate clearance of nuisance
2) Aadhar mandate to purchase through thumb print and retina
3) Facial recognition and secure system in urban and rural
4) Property gazette
5) reinventing barter system
6) Safe ladies app or device that sends SOS in case of emergency
7) RFID Enhancement
8) Removal of multi tier leadership
0 0 Hello, This is Bhaumik Katiyar studying in National Institute of Technology Raipur (NIT RR). Smart India Hackathon 2017 is a very good initiative, inspired by which ITSA (Information Technology Student Association) of our college is organizing a national level Hackathon named "COdeUtsava" in which we invite all the tech students pan India. Hereby, representing the contribution of Chhattisgarh in support of this initiative as well as NIT Raipur's initiative to nurture startup ecosystem in state.
0 0 I totally agree with Ravi Gupta. As an individual we dont have the time to clean the rods and beaches. An organization should be made where people go and clean all these public places. Also the government should have a good scheme to push the people for cleaning. One such scheme is on the Churchgate station where we get a one rupee recharge for every bottle or garbage we throw in the bin.
0 0 I agree with sameer vengurlekar. Action needs to be taken against smoking. When I walk on the street there is always some people smoking, someone spitting tobacco, someone eating pan masala. All this needs to taken care of.
0 0 I suggest that such an app should be made where a person using digital money should know which shops accept the different mobile wallets and BHIM. Otherwise it is a waste of time walking around the market without cash looking for stores that accept mobile wallets. And practically on 10 to 13 percent of the shops accept mobile wallets.
0 0 Hello, This is Bhaumik Katiyar studying in National Institute of Technology Raipur (NIT RR). Smart India Hackathon 2017 is a very good initiative, inspired by which ITSA (Information Technology Student Association) of our college is organizing a national level Hackathon named "COdeUtsava" in which we invite all the tech students pan India. Hereby, representing the contribution of Chhattisgarh in support of this initiative as well as NIT Raipur's initiative to nurture startup ecosystem in state.
0 0 I think that, the name given to the event is bit inappropriate. It should have been named "SmartAPP-2017". A hackothon would be indeed a great event, but must be for different purpose. All the budding hackers from country for a days event try to hack into model of government sites and networks, like that of BSE, NSE, Union registry of citizens. Similar events are hosted by developed countries like US, which in turn helps the govts to know the vulnerabilities in their existing digital networks.
0 0 Dear sir ,Give this opportunity to the educated women homemakers who have ability to contribute in this glorious work,who are already sacrificed their carriers to build next smart generation for India. Creat a portal where these highly educated homemakers can work from home,contribute theirtalents.There are large number of homemakers in cities who are sacrificing their carriers for family.Let us use their brains in nation building.These super power brains are just getting wasted in depression
1 0 Dear Sir, Please provide Protection against fake calls do need some action. As well as the matter about road safety is important. This time a public road facing some critical problems so do something please. Banning of alcoholic product and drugs surely, and provide useful facilities among youth. As well as required a Trans cation tax to all Savings and current account.
3 0 I was very happy when our PM announce swach baharat mission. But after two years it seems that swach bharat means only to make the toilets. We did not have any garbage recycling facility in most cities in India. Municipal corporations is dumping the garbage outside city. that is not environment friendly.  The govt. are collecting huge amount in SBCess but no use of that. Dumping the garbage should be stopped and recycling facilities should be developed in each city for proper disposal of garbage
0 0 ನನ್ನ ಪ್ರಿತೀಯ ಅಭಿಮಾನಿಯಾದ ನೀವು ನಾನು ನೀಡಿರುವ ಮನವಿಯನ್ನು ನೋಡುತ್ತಿರೆಂದು ಭಾವಿಸಿದ್ದೇನೆ.
1 0 Sir ,please ban all plastic carry bags production instead of asking people to ban that. You can have the power to ban currency notes itself . Then why cant plastic bags in all forms. Swatch bharat starts here only.You know all the bad effects of plastic bags in whole world. So ban that from production itself. It is more important than building laterine all over country. Human exctreta is decomposed but plastic carry bags wont for more than 1000 years. So which is important for Smart India ???
0 0 Solar panels should installed on roads with neon ultrasonic concrete
0 0 Digital India to thik h but what about
River yamuna ye too drain bangaya.
I want yamuna river to be a part of delhi tourism with boats and ships it will create more employment and develop transyamuna
0 0 (URGENT AND FOR IMMEDIATE USE)
An innovative idea of Making Success of
Handling Todays Situation, Demonetization & Cashless Society
1 0 Respected PM Sir,
My request is to please ban all these TV media channels because they only showing negative points of demonetization and confusing people's and also frustrated on government. There is no moral to society,help to making better society. There are lot of regional channels,they work for TRP actually these kind of channels never bring changes in our country. These  are harmfull our society please do something on this sir. Thank you sir.
0 0 In our country,we don't have proper sanitation facility. Especially public toilets.There are no sufficient public toilets in any part of our country. And even the available toilets are maintained in a poor condition.Hence people are hesitating to use public toilets. I am not sure it will work or not. Govt should check for the feasibility of cleaning public toilets with prisoners. This will serve two purpose.It will be a kind of punishment for wrong doers and govt can provide clean public toilet.
0 0 Dear Prime Ministerji
Namaste !
The Bheem Yaap for degital trasactions is going to make india completely degitalized. Only suggetion is please provide a facility to with draw cash for emergency expenses from post office . This will be useful for villagers and make their life easy . This will avoid need of setting  up a new banks .
0 2 The biggest thief of India is Modi, snatching money from poor people and not giving it back. Putting your brain how to increase the income of govt, please put your efforts in improving the basic amenities such as roads, electricity, water. People doesn't need to learn online payment but they do need to learn how to drive on roads. Law and order should be very strict, remove corruption inside your govt....
0 0 The solar energy projects are being delayed by the land acquisition problems.
There should be the implementation of SOLAR Energy harvesting on the Highways running through the cities. The advantages will be
1. There is no land acquisition problems.
2. The roads will lost longer as the roads are protected from the heating sunlight and rains that hit them hard.
3.The commuters will be in comfort while traveling on the highways.
4.The grid supply will get connected easier then any remote area.
1 0 Honorable PM Sir, I would like to share few regulations that should be involved in the parliamentary discussion methods.
The President should make amendments such as
1. The Voice of a person should not be disturbed until the speaker makes them to.
2. The members should only speak when they are asked to speak.
3. The members who break the discussion time by doing politics in the parliament are suspended from membership until the day's  session is over but they are to be punished by speaker
1 0 Honorable PM, Would like to see people voting through ATM validated through the finger print and aadhar ID. On the polling day let all the ATMs across India be downloaded with software to do voting. Will reduce huge manual effort, fraudulent practices and improve the voting %. People working in different cities will also be able to vote.
1 0 जी हां मैं आप सभी लोगों से सहमत हूं यह सही बात है कि हमारे ग्रामीण क्षेत्र के लोगों को अभी तक पूरी तरह से प्लास्टिक मनी का उपयोग करना नहीं आता है उनको विभिन्न सेवाएं जैसे क्रेडिट कार्ड डेबिट कार्ड paytm और आधार कार्ड आदि सभी का उपयोग करना नहीं आता है अगर हम संपूर्ण भारत में यह सुविधा डिजिटल इंडिया लागू करना चाहते हैं तो हमें हर गांव के हर एक बड़े बुड्ढे और बच्चे को इन सभी का उपयोग लेना सिखाना होगा और जी हां यह कोई मुश्किल काम नहीं है i can do this within 15 days check full detail in my PDF file
1 0 Suggestion for Digital India Movement:
In addition to the linkage of Aadhar No for the Election (Bio-metric voting), link everything  (data) with the Aadhar No. for all activities and movement. This may be in the form of issuing a smart card that has all the information of an individual and should be used in conjunction for all activities for tracking and monitoring.
1:Issue smart card reader and Link all bank transaction (A/C deposits) with smart card/Aadhar No so that it can be tracked.
1 0 Linkage of Aadhar No for Election: (Biometric Voting)
Benefits:
This will reduce the false voting
No voter ID is required.
Any one can give vote from across the country
Requirement:
Internet and Finger scanner
0 0 Sir please do the following :-
1. cash withdrawl limit in jandhan account to 5000/- per month.
2. 10000/- per month in saving account.
3. 100000/- per month in current account. 
impose 10% tax on overwithdrawl of cash on the abovementioned limit.
develop addhar card based payment app.
1 0 Also, please make it compulsory for all type of wages, except the daily laborers (initially), that the Salaries to be paid only through their respective individual accounts. Please provide all such companies to have 1 – 2 months’ time to get this implemented. This will reduce the exploitation of workers and the Government will have a good oversight on the same.
1 0 Dear Sir,
We need to spread the awareness of digital move benefits more, for which as a first step we need to make “Aadhar Card” compulsory for all citizens of India. As next step, all individual accounts in Banks, including Cooperative banks need to be linked to Aadhar Card on or before 31- March -2017.  As you know without keeping any deadline we will not be able to achieve the objectives.
0 0 kisi bhi kaam ki jaankari pahle honi chahiye ushke baad hi usha implementation hona chahiye,kyuki abhi hamare desh k villagers utne trainned nahi hai cashless work k liye,ishliye trainning is most important in our villagers.
1 0 Hats off to the Government on the demonetization decision, in which the entire “Aam Admi” is with the Government, expect “Aam Admi Party”
0 0 Sabse pahle to pradhan mantri jee ko dhanyavad dena chahta hue ki jish tarah se unhone 8th november ki raatri mei notebandi ko lekar ghoshna kiye ushse raato raat black money wale back foot pei aagayei,ye behad gopniye tarike se hua varna ye sabhi apne black money ko white kar lete,aam aadmi ko thoda pareshani hua phir bhi hamne note bandi pe apne pm ko support kiya.mera manna hai ki jab tak hamare village ko trainned nahi kiya jayega tab tak digital india se fraud ki bhi smbhawna bani rahegi.
0 0 It will be a great achievement for the Government, if all political parties come under RTI.   Am sure everybody understand the difficulty of achieving this on book-keeping of past records, hence please make it on prospective basis, let’s say effective from 01 April 2017 onwards all such information to be provided under RTI
0 0 It will be good idea, if the Government pushes for all donations to Political parties only through digital mode, including cheque payments. Let the digital payments make the compulsory for all political parties.
0 0 I am not aware of PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT MECHANISM for Government positions. Private organisations are using various management tools to spell out JOB DESCRIPTION for each position starting from chairperson exploding it down to the junior most staff. Work men are covered by INCENTIVE SYSTEM. There are many HUMAN RESOURCE CONSULTANTS specializing in providing this service. In my opinion our HRD Ministry must IMMEDIATELY implement identical system for all levels in/under Govt.
0 0 Being a supporter of Digital india specific infrastructur should lay down to reach every indian citizen by providing the information like innovative apps in smartphones ,free startup,free assesment setc
0 0 Dear PM,
Please now ensure that all the banks are working on providing the easy, smart and digital way of transactions from their customers. Some of the news channels are reporting the wholesale markets are not taking cheques, nor allowing online transactions, etc. So please ensure that the banking system is being motivated to provide best apps with suitable high security so that all criticism by so called nationalists.
Let people learn digital way of transactions & otherwise it never happen
0 0 For making India a digital India we need free or cheaper Internet connection with high and un-interrupted internet connections. Telecom industries can play vital role by implementing their ideas. Providing cheaper or free internet access to the users can also be added as one of the areas under CSR policy. Thank you. Ibha Shaw
0 0 We need to improve sports field according to me. Say to every national and international player of every game before take retirement his/her responsibility to make at least 2 player of international level wether they search from their near surrounding or from district level player.
0 0 I have start my own company in Pune inspired by Narendra Modi Ji, I was working as an employee's past 5 years but finally I setup my mind and start my own digital marketing company and planning to grow my business & open in my hometown (Balasore, Odisha) where getting a job is a big issue. Here is my website - http://www.maxtechsolutions.in/
Also, my friend had started their own business in transportation and hire more than 5 employees. Here is the website- http://www.packersmoverspunerates.in
0 0 Out of a cyberpunk dystopia, China has gamified obedience to the State. China has created a social tool named Sesame Credit which gives people a score for how good a citizen they are. The system measures how obediently citizens follow the party line, pulling data from social networks and online purchase histories.www.independent.co.uk
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/china-has-made-obedience-to...
0 0 I want to improve drone delivery system in India
Permission will be given or not??!!
0 0 Now a days tourists in India are facing problem due to cash, all tourist places should have card payment facility. One e.g. Is Bannerghatta park in Bangalore where they are collecting heavy cash and cash, no machine no paytm. very bad experience
0 0 At tourist centres one prepaid card or coupon should be made available and valid all over the city.
0 0 I suggest there should be prepaid card like mother dairy card being used in Delhi, then customer will not require net connection every time and mobile phone not required, it is cheaper method as paper slips not generated at transaction time. Easy for elderly people. This should be valid all over the city.
0 0 I have observed that few business organisations are still asking for cash payment, although situation is known to them. They are giving excuse that POS machine is not working.
0 0 "Scientific data sharing policy"
Based on my interactions with Indian scientists and professors it seems scientific data collected primarily with govt. funds are not shared among a majority of Indian scientists and institutions. For example, geophysical and geological data collected during NGHP-01 and -02 (national gas hydrate program) expeditions. It is very important to share data to get most out of it and develop India's human resources (scientists). Details in attached pdf file.
0 0 Dear Sir
as like UJALA scheme, govt should distribute AADHAAR enabled smartphone. In market smartphone with finger print scanner available for Rs 3,500. Nearly 10 crore AADHAAAR enabled smartphone POS machines are needed. for this quantity AADHAAAR enabled smartphone may cost Rs 1000. with instalment option it will not burden small retailer.
0 0 श्रीमान नरेंद्र मोदीजी सर प्रधानमंत्रीजी ।
मै एक गरीब किसान का बेटा हुँ। मेंरे  दो  साल से लेकर अभीतक राज्य सरकार से पत्र सिर्फ Forward हुए है । लेकिन अभितक कोई काम नही हुआ है । मेरे खेत मै रस्ता होने के बाद दस महिनों बाद लेट देखना चालु हुआ । अगर उचित कार्रवाई टाइम पर हुई होती तो शायद आज मुझपर ए समय नही आता। श्रीमान प्रधानमंत्रीजी मुझे उचित न्याय दिजिए ।आपका किसान ।
🙏 Santosh Appasaheb Dubile At/post. Shendurwada.mo.9766747138.Ta.Gangapur.Dist.Aurangabad.Maharashstra.431133
0 0 The next day Bank (Head office, Branch office) should now the how many people is going to withdraw and how much amount needed. Based on that RBI,H.O of the bank should allocate the amount to the bank. And the person can go to the bank and collect his required amount within the bank hour. This method should solve unnecessary queue and problems to the bank and the public. And addition to that some few buffer amount bank have to keep it for the buffer , for the people those who are not having Debit
0 0 And the person can go to the bank and collect his required amount within the bank hour. This method should solve unnecessary queue and problems to the bank and the public.
If the person does not having netbanking he should dial the callcenter contact center of the bank. He should have to dial the authenticated details and inform callcenter person how much amount he needs to withdraw and from which branch he has to with draw. This information should be updated in Bank database.
0 0 Now a day’s everybody having net banking and debit card. This method is if a person wants to withdraw amount, One day before he should have to loggin in netbanking , select the bank location and how much amount he has to with draw. This information’s should be updated in Bank database. The next day Bank (Head office, Branch office) should now the how many people is going to withdraw and how much amount needed. Based on that RBI,H.O of the bank should allocate the amount to the bank. And the pers
0 0 Sir
  Narender modi ji.
 Main ek cab driver hu ,or graduated hu, Mere mind me roz naye ideas aate hai .ek idea hai jisse hum road par traffic kam kar sakte hai jaam bhi kam hoga aur govt.ko bhi isse earning hogi.
    Dhanyawad
0 0 "Old habits die hard"
Indians are use to to spending cash shall not find it comfortable to do away with notes. So to tackle this habit, an application should be developed with following features:
1. It should be Aadhar Card based only.
2. Instead of numbers for cash or payment value, pictures of notes should be there. So, if a person want to pay Rs. 78 to a  vendor may do so by clicking picture of a 50 rupee note, a 20 rupee note , a 5 rupee note , a 2 rupee note and a 1 rupee note picture.
0 0 Dear Sir
1. There should be one website for problem raisers and problem solvers like https://www.innocentive.com/.
2. All PhD thesis and Post Graduate/Graduate/School Project works in all universities/colleges/schools in India should be linked to problem raised in this website.
3. Problem solver should be involved till implementation of solution.
0 0 Please bring the concept of 1 bank account for 1 person. let them choose a particular bank whichever they want like a mobile network service provider. And make a rule that any transaction greater than 10k it should be through cheque or online. incase if any business person not accepting the cheque then customer can file complaint.
0 0 Mr. Prime Minister. please remove cheque book request charges and processing charges if any. also reduce cheque dishonor charges to motivate people to use cheques. also digitalize cheque deposit option.
2 0 Create a basic standard accounting software for all the businesses which can track the movement of accounting entries (Sales by one party needs to be cross checked with the Purchase of another).This will reduce the duplication of work of filing different returns (TDS/Income tax/Sales tax/Excise) & also will eliminate the departments’ requirement of cross checking. Entry in such software will also act as central data repository for all the economic &financial activities & will standardize report
0 0 Unless the rural less smart old lady just knowing 0 to 9 numeric is empowered to handle digital cash safely and comfortably India can't enter digital cash age. A solution http://rbojji.blogspot.in/2016/12/cashless-society.html?m=1
0 0 Validity extension for data packs should also be introduced. Right now data packs get over after time duration expires. Also a more versatile USSD based app should be available of that people will readily use it even when internet connection is not available. All banks should have a common app so as to have uniform interface to interact with each other.
0 0 We all know that Indians are considered very smart in other countries especially in 🇺🇸. We have good brains but these brains are draining because of less salory, facilities and great offers from multinational companies. My suggestion to reduce brain drain is to make a 2 year of contract system for IITians (as we all know most smartest people) to work in india so, that way they will contribute in our economy and will also boost up make in India movement more successful. I hope this is good idea
0 0 Like blackmoney declaration scheme, bring out a similar thing for properties. Define a window to declare the property owned by individuals (a value can be put to it).There should be a digital platform for declaration like Demat account wherein all shares, MFs and other investments are held in the account.For any sale/purchase of the property, it shall be mandatory to mention the property account no in the digital property account.
0 0 Dear PM, my suggestion is to make all payments should be through only DD or Cheque or online  in educational institutions  to  control black money.
0 0 Make a law to very vehicle company. Make GPS compulsory on every vehicle  and attach them with satellite. So every vehicle will track easily when require. It will help security forces and other department in matter of smuggling accident terrorist activity and many more illegal activity
0 0 Dear PM you done a good job demonetization but in village people are struggle more govt says to use debt and credit card for making payment do you know all traders are keeping swipe machine? first ensure swipe machine in all places.when asking shoppers fro card they bank did not give machine then the machine will give only for current A/C holders like this they said ple ensure machine in all place to make success in you endeavor. jaihind
0 0 Sticker(barcode) to be putted on all cars, which can be SCANNED on all Tolls to collect toll from owner's online act.
0 0 team of 5 persons should be assigned at each ward to go at each home /shop and to demo -how to do ONLINE payments
0 0 Card swapping machine should be provided by GOV. to shop keepers.
0 0 sir
your initiative for demonitisation is praiseworthy
whatever good initiatives you are taking you need dedicated force/manpower to see through that what you envisaged is fullfilled and it is not possible by the guys who are in respective departments because they are already over loaded
so please consider the lot who are retiring or retired and volantarily wants to help the nation please use these guys reemploy them at their own choice of place
central govt employees with rich experience
0 0 हर रिकॉर्ड को हर भुगतान को ऑनलाइन कर दीजिये अपने आप देखते ही देखते आप का भारत कैशलेस के साथ लेस्स कॅश वाला भी हो जाएगा
1 0 Respected Sir,
I am positive & highly enthusiastic about this demonetization. Moreover our Nation & fellow national are moving speedy towards cashless India. My suggestion is that our foreigners who come to visit our great Nation,should be supported with some ease of payments, like travel tickets, hotel bookings & paying at restaurants. They should be provided with some debit or credit cards or similar facilities. By which they can easily pay or expend their money without any difficulty.जय भारत
3 0 All the constructed properties/vacant should be mapped under one portal with GIS
Property mapping should happen immediately
1) Cost of property
2) Loan on this property
3) Property History with owner
4) Insurance must be compulsory
5) Tax
6) Property valuation
To implement this system govt appointees should work like private agency.
Startup and Young like us can work on this sort of projects
Give Opportunity to change this sort of cause
Full Project details Govt can contact me
0 0 1). digital literacy starts after physical literacy. 2). digital literacy is of value when in physical India there is NO Caste Based Reservation and only Merit should be the criteria 3). Digital India means tracking of all the files and forwarding all the file should be digital and there must be time limit for each and every officer / table. 4). digital proof should be valid all over india, why to waste money in xerox & true copy 5). for bill & amendments there must be suggestion from public.
0 0 Respected P.M sir,
   Make it compulsary for shopkeepers or people who are sitting in market that they should card swip machines or paytm on their shops if they are in market.There are a lot of people who want to pay with cards but the shopkeepers refuse. Specially in towns or small citys where they earn a lot but dont pay any tax thats why they are not taking online paymants. Same cases are with private hospitals and petrol pumps in small citys.
 I hope this will definatly help us.
0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
The Farmers of India need a solution to their farming needs. This is felt much in the need of fertilizers for their seedlings to give a good yield. My contribution is a proposal to provide free fertilizers to farmers across the nation. I have put forward the idea as a narrative idea which could developed further into a very comprehensive plan involving all the resources in a big way.
Hoping that the idea would contribute to Nation building.
Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan , Jai Vigyan.
0 0 Our problem is not lack of ideas, we have all the ideas possible for digital payments and we are good at it....
what we are lacking is communicating to people why we are doing it....Once people get the idea why we are doing it..... they will embrace it.....put a proper PR mechanism and communicate effectively to people that cashless transactions will make India developed nation...people will work for you...not you working for them...
1 0 TOLL @ highways-FASTTAG - Toll companies must keep their boom barriers for FASTTAG lane open if for some reason their FAST TAG readers does not work. I have seen many tolls where fast tag hardly works and they don't make any visible effort to correct it and start collecting cash instead. Avoiding loss of revenue will be their incentive to keep FASTAG working all the time.
4 0 Suggestion to reduce the corruption in govt. Department, Usually people pay bribe to get there work done fast. If there is scheme like 'Tatkal' or urgent with higher fees and good service, people will sure pay directly to the goverment instead of middleman & broker, who generate corruption in all fields and this payment could be made through digital means too.
0 0 Law and Order personnel and Home department personnel in Telangana state are not functioning properly. Most of the Police Stations are not accepting complaints from people who approach in confidence the police and also not registering FIR on the anti social elements who cause loss and damage to the innocent people. Most often police are found to be siding the anti social elements as they fall prey to the bribe. The innocent are all times affected with the aggressive attitude of police.
0 0 More schools,play way teaching,change frm rote learning 2 practical knowledge.real use of manpower n tech.all payments big or small must be in digital form 2 eliminate corruption fully.
1 0 No exams on paper, but in field,
1-all PSU recruitment should be based on projects.
2- all the faculty pay should be based on projects.
3- all the fund towards education should be into Labs, libraries, and projects.
4- all PSU's should be involved in encouraging projects of their importance.
5- competitive exams must be the eligibility of one's knowledge but not employability, just scholarship's should be given based on the score but not salary.
6**-All unique projects should be awarded.
0 0 First let's start a different culture of education in our Nits and IIT's
1- all the faculty and student's should be on the same side of the table. Professors should no more rule the students but guide them.
2- no paper exams,  all the book and paper work are home work for students and extra work for teachers. The whole game runs about PROJECT.
3- all theory is actually going in vain due to underutilised knowledge, we don't want knowledgeable,  but wise, learning according to the reqirements.
0 0 I have ideas in many topics given.Is there any restriction that the participants should post their ideas in limited topics.?
The registration form includes the  form accepted by the educational institution has to be attached.what is the procedure to participate in the hackathon individually without the name of college.
1 0 Suggest to create world's first online university which is completely developed by the people and for the people. Here is the approach
1) Create a Digital Education platform (Similar to khan academy)
2) Load best of the syllabi for all the possible courses an university can offer
3) Make it people to people platform (similar to Uber or Airbnb)
4) Provide options to create immersive videos for teachers
Reach out to me for further details
1 0 Firstly anything Digital should be made with a concept of making it simple for use which would make its adaptability much quicker more so within rural india and elderly population which are not that technology savvy . For such competition the key criteria should be based on simplicity e.g.devise a digital payment app which should complete the activity with 2-3 clicks or less; should usable even on regular phone and not just smartphones ;available not only with different language but also dialect
2 0 This is a method I am describing to eliminate curruption from root.
1-> Give a time span of 1 year and ask everyone to get their Aadhaar card (Make it mondatory).
2-> Ask everyone to link their every bank account to Aadhaar card within next few months otherwise it will be held as an invalid bank account.
And this way we can eliminate curruption from root.
2 0 We have a long pending issue of Ayodha or Ram Mandir or Babri Masjid. My suggestion regarding the issue is that instead fighting for a Mandir or Masjid which ultimately going to serve some religious forces only, let us think unconventionally and make a university named "Ram-Rahim Technical University" and attach it with 'Skill India' and Smart City Project' which have already launched.It will be better  purpose serving solution.
                     Vande Matram
1 0 Sir
My Views
1) Need Cancel TDS Immediately
Unnecessary Tax
2) Service Tax to Cancel on All Medical, Health Care and Life insurance Policies from Customer
Unnecessary spaces
& Discourage to Purchase
3) 1 Tax All India & Centralized Structure
4) Rs. 2500/- Above Purchase by Digital Payment only POS Machines Card Payment in School or College Etc
5)Remove all Taxes Service Tax or other on All Digital Payment Structure
6) Cash Handling Charges above 5000 for those who needs Withdraw CASH
1 0 We have a long pending issue of Ayodha or Ram Mandir or Babri Masjid as some say it. As we have Shri Narender Modi Sir, a bold, logical and unconventional political leader, as our prime Minister. We expect him to go out of the box and act proactively for this issue also and set up a example. 
     My suggestion regarding the issue is that instead fighting for a Mandir or Masjid which ultimately going to serve some religious forces only, let us think unconventionally and make a university name
0 1 Sir
My Views
1) All School & College Etc must STOP receiving Cash
Use of Digital Payment
2) Centralized Structure of Fees & Educational Pattern
3) Centralized Placements Admissions All India
4) Capping on Fees, Stop Educational Business
5) Reduce Fees Educational
0 0 Sir
My Views
1) Need Cancel TDS Immediately
Unnecessary Tax
2) Service Tax to Cancel on All Medical, Health Care and Life insurance Policies from Customer
Unnecessary spaces
& Discourage to Purchase
3) 1 Tax All India & Centralized Structure
4) Rs. 2500/- Above Purchase by Digital Payment only POS Machines Card Payment in School or College Etc
5)Remove all Taxes Service Tax or other on All Digital Payment Structure
6) Cash Handling Charges above 5000 for those who needs Withdraw CASH
0 0 Sir, It is time to create the National Database on All the educational institutions situated in India, which shows Approval status, Vacancy of teachers, Admission details of Pupil, including private schools. Govt needs to come up with a framework on Base fee, Max fee for each class in a particular state. This is not a difficult task to do. Many times students and parents are paying price when they realised that particular school is not recognised one.Not sure if Right to Education is implemented
0 0 Sir,
Problem:
i am ruining a small online business. all transactions are in USD and by PayPal. PayPal India is not allowed to hold balance so all USD are converted to INR. if i need to pay it again convert INR to USD. How one can do international business as Indian. 
Solution:
1. allow company to hold payment in USD.
2. Allow PayPal to hold balance.
Please consider this. This will bring lot of money in India from other countries.
Thanks
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
0 0 Every there it is about the idea that should be scheduled in or before the last date. But there is no precise information of about what is the last date? I request you to kindly represent the last date of submission. Thank you!
0 0 sir
    i have already attached the nominee letter that is the authorization letter of the college in my PDF submission last page . both the individual team letter and also the letter of all the three teams of our college.
Ministry Category: Ministry of Earth Sciences
Problem Statement: Port Management Software
Problem Code: #MES20
0 0 Besides the student of Engineering college, how about including drop-up students and those kids who are actively involved in programming as we have seen the brightest minds with out-of-the-box innovative ideas are sometimes possessed by such people who fail academically but have deep knowledge in computer programming due to their interest but lack proper guidance and take wrong ways that lead to increasing in internet crime.
0 0 App of Apps.
Create ONE app for all the apps Aadhar, digital wallet, digital locker, EPFO, RTO, UPI etc.
In case mobile is lost access it can be accessed through web. Whenever app is accessed email alert to the owner. 
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
0 0 1.SC ST and some OBC Category need to revise or cancell category system for Smart India.
2.Pvt School College Donation need to decrease and Govt School College need to enrich.
3.All Bank should accept deposit on Aadhar number and dont need account open and also withdraw Aadhar number deposit amount.
4.Cancel voter card & approve Aadhar voting & automatically allow 18 years to vote with aadhar only.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, 
my idea is a all of legal document (for example Driving license, passport Aadhar card etc.)  are make a radiation or GPS system related because they are missing by search easily.
0 0 World’s first ‘solar panel road’ opens in France at Tourouvre-au-Perche in Normandy. The 1 KM road could generate enough electricity to power the street lights. The panels have been covered in a silicon-based resin that allows them to withstand the weight of passing big rigs. As per Colas France could become energy independent by paving only a quarter of its million KMs of roads. Solar panels have become increasingly popular in recent years as cost of operating them has come down significantly,
0 0 1)Educational institutes all projects, thesis etc. no more printouts, spiral binding all electronic. (2) In all conferences workshops complete ban of printed study materials (3) Apps for medicines (4) Ban issue of printed salary slip, only email
0 0 Sir, I wish to suggest that if popular digital wallets support Hindi, then the digital literacy among the rural population will get a boost. Also, it will be great to have brief tutorial on your app in Hindi on how to use wallets/UPI. I have been teaching people of nearby villages how to use wallets and the fact that they do not support Hindi is a major roadblock.
0 0 Respected sir,
the current population of our country is near about 134 crore while china is top with 138 crore.India is projected to be the world most populous country by 2022. Hence necessary action should be taken urgently.According to Joseph Stalin, the easiest way to gain control of population is to carry out acts of terror .The public will clamor for such laws if their personal security is threatened.
0 0 Dear sir,
cashless and digital India are good steps for development of our country .Corruption and crime will be reduced.But for digitization in rural areas steps should be taken to provide internet facility and to educate people regarding this.
0 0 Respected Modi Sir,
I am a Cyber Security Expert by profession and I would like to share my ideas with you on  "Digital Transaction Security" through smart phones and POS machines while we are completely moving towards digital transactions.
Please see my suggestions in the attachment as there is a character limit to post here.
Thanks
Satish T
0 0 Professionals like me are no more students..can we contribute?
1 0 * Question regarding Smart India Hackathon *
Can you please elaborate what exactly we are supposed to do in "Automated MeSH annotation of text using machine learning"? What input our model will take and what output it should generate? and also how we are supposed to use MeSH and PubMed data set? #IMR23
Thanks
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov #IMR23 #IMR
0 0 #IMR23 Can i get the sample data?
2 0 Honorable Prime Minister
i think there should be a PRIME MINISTER NATIONAL SECURITY FUND in india .it should be convinced & incoureged  indian people thorough electronic & print media even in Mann Ki Baat to donate at least Rs.1 or more per month per person  in this fund willingly & willfully .this extra fund should be used to strengthen  india's internal & boarder security & some amount on army's widows & children ....this practice will boost patriotic  sentiment in indian people....
0 0 1. Digi-payments to be simplified for the uneducated masses. Current solution for push button phones expects the sender to know the bank acct number and IFSC code
2. Post offices to double up as permamnent Aadhar card centres and for linking up bank acct nos with Aadhar cards or for Aadhar based banking transactions. Simple hand help biometric devices be made available to postmen for helping reach the remotest corners of the country
3. Network protocols supporting very low telecom signals
0 0 Please consider abolishion of ₹2000 notes also as early as possible at appropriate time which will give very good results in keeping controle unethical money holders.
0 0 Dear PM Narendra Modi Ji,Following is a suggestion to help farmers in digital transactions for trading their items (vegetables, grains etc). "Digital transactions help Booths" at every market where farmers trade their items at tahsil, district or town levels. Since I can not write much in this box, please have a look into attachment.
0 0 Respected Modi Ji , Please give suitable order for implement of seventh pay commission of Military personnel, because all civil employees received his arrears of seventh pay commission, but Army person not received his enhanced salary and arrears also, so that they are worried, so please take necessary action for implement of seventh pay commission of military service personnel, then all Military will be happy in coming new near 2017, they are wait for this, thank you sir,SK Kushwaha, Banda (UP
0 0 Respected Modi Ji , Please give suitable order for implement of seventh pay commission of Military personnel, because all civil employees received his arrears of seventh pay commission, but Army person not received his enhanced salary and arrears also, so that they are worried, so please take necessary action for implement of seventh pay commission of military service personnel, then all Military will be happy in coming new near 2017, they are wait for this, thank you sir,SK Kushwaha, Banda (UP
1 0 Respected Modi Ji , Please give suitable order for implement of seventh pay commission of Military personnel, because all civil employees received his arrears of seventh pay commission, but Army person not received his enhanced salary and arrears also, so that they are worried, so please take necessary action for implement of seventh pay commission of military service personnel, then all Military will be happy in coming new near 2017, they are wait for this, thank you sir,SK Kushwaha, Banda (UP
0 0 Respected Modi Ji , Please give suitable order for implement of seventh pay commission of Military personnel, because all civil employees received his arrears of seventh pay commission, but Army person not received his enhanced salary and arrears also, so that they are worried, so please take necessary action for implement of seventh pay commission of military service personnel, then all Military will be happy in coming new near 2017, they are wait for this, thank you sir,SK Kushwaha, Banda (UP
0 0 Respected Modi Ji , Please give suitable order for implement of seventh pay commission of Military personnel, because all civil employees received his arrears of seventh pay commission, but Army person not received his enhanced salary and arrears also, so that they are worried, so please take necessary action for implement of seventh pay commission of military service personnel, then all Military will be happy in coming new near 2017, they are wait for this,  thank you sir,SK Kushwaha, Banda (UP
0 0 respected sir
i want to say something about aadhar link plz link aadhar with everything and make a one  citizan problem solving hub with a lots of customer care executive. to hear with adhar number and generates all necessary data with adhar for solving issue of citizens.
thanks you
0 0 All indian day to day knowledge of art ,science & medicine along with folklore and mythology should be collected and preserved in a database.WORLD'S BIGGEST HINDU WISDOM AND LIFE ESSENCE DATABASE SHOULD BE CREATED CONTAINING ALL VEDAS AND SACRED LITERATURE KNOWLEDGE.
0 0 Digital training should be kept in mind.
All subjects should have all small topics divided into many parts.
Each parts should have creative corner to understand the same with ease and interest.
Each part also should have day to day related video to showcase the relevance of each topic in normal life.
All subjects in school should have smart theories backed with videos or cartoons or other games to involve students more in the subject learning.NATIONWIDE single quality curriculum for all...
0 0 Before making SMART CITIES, it's important to make PEOPLE SMART - We hardly know how to drive RIGHT, and we are talking of making our cities RIGHT.
0 0 Respectful PM, As part of changing Coimbatore to being a smart city,longstanding unapproved layouts for over 15 yrs should be approved e.g.: Meena estate, Vadavalli etc.This is over due Sir. Regards
0 0 In my view we can have more parallel  networking support for  data transmission through railways,high tension towers used by electrical transmission  companies which are spread all over the country and which have line of sight for long distance to transmit data through microwave or optical fiber open cables . railways and electrical companies may be benefitted by additional revenue from existing assets or for their data transfer.This is a concept only feasibility,cost effectiveness to be checked
0 0 In india 92% of the People are using low value currency notes if they have high value notes like Rs.500,1000 and 2000. They need to change for our day-to-day expenditure. So, high value notes only used by "crorepati's". We are normal People Rs.100 is big for us to use it.For example,If i go to ATM to withdraw money only on Rs.100 not more than 100 for expenditure.
0 0 First of all i made hearty congratulations to the honorable prime minister for demonetizing currency.
I should say something which necessary to consider in black money as well as Demonetization, banning of Rs.500 and Rs.1000 is a master stroke but re-introduction of new Currencies of Rs.500, Rs.1000 and Rs.2000 create lot of corruption on the upcoming years it will badly affect the economy within few years. So,completely block Currencies  above "Hundred".This reduce the black money prominently.
0 0 Personnel Identification System(DAE)
sample data was missing please re arrange it.
0 0 We make a social network which can beat every social network '!! We started with 2 freshers on oct 2015 . Everything is on rent ! My age is 27 . Now the number of employee is 8. Now i dont have anything to sell to continue this product ! I have been sold my ring, chain to continue the office . I dont get any type of help from anyone yet . I have been request to many business sectors . Need too much bucks for hosting also . This is made in india product ! please help us to host . Req sponser .thx
0 0 My take here is after reading comments,people are taking this discussion no where except the fact that they are been hacked misused or writing a complaint. We need to find a solution and if you have one lets discuss that rather than individual problems. To avoid bank related hacks I would suggest all to download Truecaller and sync it with your phone so that each time you see an unknown number True caller tells you whether its a SPAM or no. Its a precautionary measure an one can avoid spam calls
0 0 अादरणीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी,समाज की एक समस्या जिससे प्रत्येक घर पीड़ित है वह यह है कि प्रभावहीन व्यक्तियों(हिजड़ा) का पंजीकरण अनिवार्य हो तथा पहचान पत्र जारी किया जाय तथा नेग(व्यवहार) के नाम पर उन लोगों के द्वारा मनमाने ठंग से नकद धनराशि,जेवरात की वसूली की जाती है कोई भी व्यक्ति जो अपना आवास बनवाता है पुत्र या पुत्री शादी करता है, पुत्र या पुत्री के जन्म लेने पर ये वहॉ पहुच कर मनमाना धन लेते हैं व्यक्ति को विवश होता है इनके लिये भी कैशलेस अनिवार्य किया जाये । रेलयात्रियों से वसूली होती है ।
0 0 I hope our India will be digital in a proper way but I have below concerns as faced.
1) I have HP gas connection and they are accepting only CASH no Other payment type, Only IVR to prompt customers then where is digital India dream.
2) In petrol bunks if I do digital payments then I need to spend surcharges 2.5 or10% + service tax where as for cash there is no surcharges.... (this is waived offduring demonetisation periods only)How a common man can do petrol / diesel purchase from petrol bunks
1 0 Honorable Prime Minister
Many many thanks for your historical decision of demonetisation & congratulation for your dream of BLACK MONEY FREE indian economy taking shape but in last few days unemployment have increased & market situation is not so favorable pls. take some initiative to boost indian economy....
0 0 Honourable Sir your ideas are most welcome for this country please considere and reduce  unemployment in the country
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister
Many thanks for the changes you are bringing in our country!!!
Wish there could be some stringent actions on preventing Hawala Transactions.
There still exist hawala transactions in many of the places.After seeing so much of unimployement in India i have started up a blog to earn my money hope you like it- http://bestofgadgets.com
0 0 Aaj subah 10 baje mere card se do baar me lagbhag 95000/- ka transaction ho gayaIs transaction ka OTP bhi mere paas nahi aya.Bad me pata kiya to paya ki ye transaction USA ke Do alag alag shahar se ek hi samay me hua tha. mera credit card mere hi paas hai aur pin kisi ko malum nahi  hai phir bhi transaction ho gaya. Aaj hum cashless transaction ki baat kar rahe hain to yese me hamara paisa to bank me phi safe nahi hai. Kya online transaction ko secure kiye bina cashless ki baat karna uchit hai?
1 0 I come from a ruaral area in Bihar where I see very low level of digital literacy.
To increase the digital literacy I suggest following:
- Awareness through pamphlets at all major rural markets. The infrastructure like PayTM is missing. This can be improved through broadband penetration, but before that behavioral preparedness is necessary.
- The school children will be incentivised to educate their neighbourhood.
-BDO level and Panchayat level functionaries will be roped in for change.
0 0 Sir I know this may sound funny but if this is applied millions of lives will change.
Sir let people make electricity through bicycles.
Sir I'm no scientist.but if this works millions of lives will be transformed.
Thank you
Jai Hind.
2 0 UNEMPLOYMENT IS NOT THERE IN INDIA. PEOPLE WANT ONLY JOBS WITH REVOLVING CHAIR. WE DONOT FIND AN ELECTRICIAN OR PLUMBER WHEN WE NEED. SULABH CAN EMPLOY LACS PEOPLE FOR MAINTAINING TOILETS. NEAT AND CLEAN TEA STALLS ARE NOT AVAILABLE. REVOLUTION IN RURAL INDIA IS REQUIRED TO MAKE THEM AWARE ABOUT FINANCIAL LITERACY. WE NEED TWO  BANKING CORRESPONDENCEIN EACH VILLAGE (6 LACS JOBS)
0 0 Respected PM
india me black money har jagah se nikal kr aa raha hai.....lekin india ka jo money swiss bank me kisi particular person ke name se hai usko bhi desh me aana chahiye or ye paisa bahut zyada hai iske aane ke two methods hai....1st method- agar supreme court uss money ko nation's property declared karde toh wo paisa india me aayega....2nd method-agar parliament me ye discussion ke baad prastaav paas ho jaata hai tab desh ka paisa desh me aayega.....plz sir thinking about it...thanks
0 0 To Hon'able Prime Minister,
Respected sir,
Considerable amount of hard CASH gets exchanged among people every month in the name of Property rent (House & Commercial). 
My suggestion is, starting 2017 all tenant (Domestic or Commercial Property) if possible, have to pay rent via online transaction, lot of paper work can be avoided during House rent allowance calculation.
With Regards,
Rajesh Kannan.M
0 0 Give university students summer job or one term work within their subject related field,they will learn and prepare how to make resume, cover letter and  face interview.
0 0 Nobody replies to my problems sir what about unemployed youth in India I am not from any political party I support you I am unemployed need employment
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister
Many thanks for the changes you are bringing in our country!!!
Wish there could be some stringent actions on preventing Hawala Transactions.
There still exist hawala transactions in many of the places.
0 0 Is this up only for Students or people who are employed and currently not studying can also take part?
0 0 Respected Pradhan Mantri ji, 
Sorry that my subject is other then this open forum... its because I dont know where and how to communicate you my problem.
I have some problem related to my employer. I am here writing in detail..  I already  mentioned in your  pgportal.gov.in    vide registration number PMOPG/E/2016/0592632.
few days ago. and also tweeted to Mr Bandaru Datatray sahab (related minister). but neither pgportal nor  Minister ji  respond to my problem....
0 0 Hon'able Prime Minister,
THEME: Permanent Digital cum communication Id(Mobile Number) alike Aadhar card
Majority of Indians(94%) have a mobile phone but unfortunately the contact no doesn't remain same because of service related issues including call rates, roaming, data plan etc. Though we have linked Aadhar card, bank, PAN details and various other information with mobile number but many a time it has changed and thus interrupted communication and dissemination of information.
0 0 Respected P.M.,
Thanks for bringing this great initiative of UPI and USSD for cashless payments.
I have used USSD service for transferring my money from one Account to another account.
Difficulties I faced during this transaction was , I had to remember IFSC code and Account number of beneficiary . This method can cause mistakes , since account number is entered manually .
My suggestion is to merge UPI with USSD , so that one can directly make payment by USSD using Virtual Address of UPI.
0 0 Mobile Phone has spread in the country at a good pace. However, it is currently restricted to places where Networks are available. We should enforce a Law where any new Network Provider Company coming for registration, should first provide networks in Non-network zone. It is responsible to educate the people about usuage and advantages. Also, smart phones companies should be given some advantage or benefits to sell their devices in newly formed network zone.
0 0 Sir before making smart cities I request your good self to bring smart citizens.The amount of money spent on cities need not to be wasted. Amount need to be spent upon unemployment problem.Regards. Harsh 9646293097
0 0 नमस्कार हमारे प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी!
भारत को स्मार्ट इंडिया से जोड़ने के मेरे पास कुछ सुझाव इस तरह से है !
१) हमें सरकारी नौकरियों में ज्यादा से ज्यादा नौजवानों के लिए एम्प्लोयेमेंट क्रिएट करना होगा!जब यूथ सरकारी नौकरी से जुडेगे तो स्मार्ट इंडिया का प्रसार जोर शोर से होगा!
२) सरकारी रोजगार का रिटायरमेंट ऐज ६० से ५८ करना जरुरी है! इस प्रकार सरकारी रोजगार ज्यादा क्रिएट होगा!
धन्यवाद
शिवा
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mac2lEqY5gw
0 0 Dear sir
This is Jyothi as per my observation  present students with  more intelligent and spontaneous with lack of view about future. Till they complete education they are not able to view what is needed for them. I sincerely request you connect their lives with studies.  Example individual support in mind mapping, more on practical projects calling entrepreneurs conduct more workshops at college premises to dig out the skills inside with little stipend which ignites students creativity
0 1 Hello l am a student of student.मैं कुछ अलग बात कहना चाहता हूँ।I request all of you who read to support me. मै चाहता हूँ की technology में innovation के महत्व को समझना चाहिए। ये जरुरी नही की जो IIT & NIT के students के पास ही innovative idea होते है क्योंकि विदेशो में innovation को काफी महत्व देते है , चाहे वो MIT या normal students or common people हो। we should open a platform that name KALAM INDIA for those students and any people who has innovative or talented.I have such concepts about it.
0 0 To take our education standards High I have a suggestion to make. Recently I was with my doctor  brother in law who is a senior professor working in dubai. He has more than 30yrs teaching experience in India and love for the subject. I was surprised with the system in dubai medical colleges to rate the faculty by students. A senior professor has to be rated by a student! If this be applied in India our standards high as the quality of education will be on the student's understanding the subject
0 0 Mr. Prime Minister you do not need skill development ministry in order improve skill of millions. You are in wrong track and you are creating bureaucratic jungle. You have to think how to restructure British era of government bureaucracy in order to have an efficient, ethical and less bureaucratic central and government to serve the millions efficiently.
0 0 #CA6-Noise free airports.
Macro- No operation of flights after midnight till morning 0400 am. Use of good ground equipments for maintenance will reduce noise. Mandatory criteria of noise for aircrafts engines which must be followed. Still using loud noise creating aircrafts that are banned in other countries. If aircrafts taxiing time is minimized it will further reduce overall noise.
Micro- Promoting use of electric vehicles inside airport.
0 0 Sir
I have been observing the distributer of oil and natural gas since last some month after which I found that most of the(almost 100%) distribution centre are of leaders of different political parties.and since the decision of demonetization have been taken these centres were used as currency converter.if some action would not be taken then it will be difficult to tackle with the malpractice of corruption in future..
Thankyou
0 0 Sir, Kindly find an innovative idea named  AUGMENTATION OF AERO SPACE SAFETY (CREATION OF  ACCIDENT FREE ENVIRONMENT) FOR INDIAN AIR FORCE OR TO CREAT AN EMPATHY IN ANY ORGANISATION.
0 0 Sir I am from Kanpur we along with out team has designed an income tax policy whose reflex has been approved by learned chartered accountants. I am trying to convey our policy since last 5 months to finance ministry but there is no response. We seek this platform to please help us sir.  A request to our responsible and concerned citizens of INDIA to please help us in sharing this video to get an appointment from our Respected PM Shri Narendra Modi JI to give us an opportunity.
0 0 Dear Modi jee
Digitize the railway TC's. If we provide them a tablet programmed in such a way that they have to only tick passengers boarding status, based on that (if not board) msg send to RAC, Waiting passengers.
It will reduce CORRUPTION and also aid to passengers.
It can also have facility to collect fine online. as a receipt of fine passenger will get a msg in his/her phone.
1 0 Cont..citizens in all sort of forms. For this reason this app is an intermediator to highlight such misuse to the higher authorities. Police visited to any locality either general inquiry or a passport inquiry, any visits can be recorded by the citizens to notify the higher authority. One way also the corruption can be avoided. Would like to know the view of MyGov, at present this app is available in https://policevisit.bubbleapps.io/ Thanks
0 0 I have a big plan for indin army that is our indian army be powerful in the world
1 0 Hi, I believe in results and not just in talks. For this reason current demonetization in my view is unplanned approach for a good reason without addressing its root problem and I believe that was the motive of the government in the approach. I will not talk on the subject but would like to give a product in the form of app that I have developed for better relation between law & order and the public by the name “Police Visit”. I have observed there is misuse of power by the police on the
0 0 Also we have to educate people that money kept idle inside someone's locker might not help the society and will reduce money circulation there by resulting in migration of our youth towards foreign countries(where as huge chunk of idle money will be rested within the hands of few in India).If we want our future generation live a dignified life we have to stop holding more liquid cash in our hands
0 0 For reducing liquid cash withdrawal from bank we can make TDS(Tax deduction at Source) after a stipulated amt of cash withdrawn from a particular account within a particular period
0 0 Sir first like most of the people i don't like demonetisation then our economis proffessor explained me that if such policy was initiated before 10yrs most of our youth need not go abroad in search of jobs,your demonetisation brought about nearly 15 lakh crore ruppees into our banking system, this might create more fresh investmentsin future thereby increase job opportunities of our future youth,my sincere thanks for your efforts
0 0 सर जी क्यों न देश मे आरक्षण सिर्फ गरीबी रेखा के नीचे जो नागरिक आते है उन्हें दिया जाए...
0 0 Problems:-
Suspect recognition from CCTV footages
Face Recognition out of CCTV footages:
Solutions:-
cctv recognition can be made using comparing images or frames. camera which takes very fast shots those images need to be
compared very fastly. we need to identify objects in these images. We can compare those objects. we can also compare it with
pre loaded information or images. We can also use artificial or super intelligence here. Not only face Remaining in the image...
0 0 Honorable modiji
My few sugg.for curbing black money in India and make India a great country like example Singapore.
1. None of the property owners espe in tamilnadu are not disclosing the Income in the it return nor filed income tax returns nor not obtaining pan no.
2. Small traders like tea shop owners are not doing any transaction in the bank or not Filing real income.
3. Real estate owners should be surveyed by income tax officials randomly.
4.veg, fruit whole sale
0 0 सर अगर सेना की ऐसी टुकड़ी बनाई जाइए जो सड़के बिल्डिंग बना सके उनके पास हर नई टेक्नॉलॉजि हो जो कुच ही दिनों में लंबी  सड़के बना सके नई इमारते बना सके जहा भूकम या बाढ़ या सुनामी आये वहापर काम कर सके ऐसे में काम तेजी से होगा अगर सेना की ताकत का इस्तेमाल इन कामो में किया गया तो बोहत सारी समस्ये हल हो जाएगी
0 0 Make india great under modiji supervision
Visit http://hindiview.in/best-indian-army-quotes-hindi-english/ for best army quotes
0 0 We also think of one India project. One card should be used in all state metros,buses etc.
0 0 #SmartIndiaHAckathon2017
We now depend on Whatsapp for all communication. Even government officials have started using Whatsapp for official communication as well. Now its high time we have our own communication system similar to Whatsapp with more features pertaining to our way of working. We can address security issue if we use our own infra structure for this communication. We will have a pride in using our own mobile communication system. Indapp will be the new name
1 0 We now depend on Whatsapp for all communication. Even government officials have started using Whatsapp for official communication as well. Now its high time we have our own communication system similar to Whatsapp with more features pertaining to our way of working. We can address security issue if we use our own infra structure for this communication. We will have a pride in using our own mobile communication system. Indapp will be the new name of the this app.
0 0 Also i have one query,one day i was going through one street and i show one normal middle class people arrange lots of food for pour people from its limited salary,it was motivational for me but i was thinking they are real heros then why we cant post there banners on street,buildings other will also motivate from the task handle by those great people why we are not promoting those people which are contributing in good work,we are just promoting movies,cricket why not humanity???
1 0 Sir,
Pls make AADHAR CARD as the only DOCUMENT PROOF for opening an Account in a Bank. This will help everyone. Why Bank still ask residential proof of that city, when Govt is linking all subsidy with AADAR CARD. As an example I am unable to open an a/c as I am struggling to get the residential proof of Gurgaon as lived in Delhi even though I am well educated think about poor. I went to SBI/CORPORATION BANK/SYNIDCATE BANK OF SECT 29, GURGAON. Exam.
0 0 To make india digital first we have to make internet smooth and with public budget with smooth wiring connection,now days our main issue is wiring we are not using new technology to manage wiring ,we have to work on this
0 0 Hello sir i am new user of this site,if our work goes smooth we never have any complains to our govt, but its very good as we are going toward new technology but due to few people we miss our opportunity , i am running my own startup company i work hard and paying my bsnl internet connection bil upto 5000k monthly and what i get from bsnl daily i have to complain that internet is slow ,internet goan plan is of 6mb but getting 200kbs please make our govt internet smooth with better optical wires
0 0 dear sir some bank and branch not support our digital india and many little shop owner fear to tax system.
1 0 respected sir,My name is Annie Jain, I am English teacher , I have been working since two years,I have seen intolerance of religion in min schools,I came across children from govt school who hardly study coz their teachers rarely take classes, sir i believe we need more honest ppl who supervise functioning of govt schools just like we have for cleanliness in railways as well as Indian education must possess skill development.I hv project in which v can combine studies with skill in curriculum.
0 0 प्रश्न उत्तर के माध्यम से कैशलेस पर विचार
How Cashless system can be established, how it will benefit, can we have single tax regime, in the form of Transaction tax, all these questions I have tried to answer. Lacuna in present system, why it will not succeed. This Article is in Hindi in question answer form. I hope it will reach to Shri Modi ji, for his perusal and necessary action.
0 0 sir once i visited bank for clearance of a cheque. i enquired about the procedure bank official told to fill up a deposit form and attach the cheque with it.further i asked where to deposit they told just drop in the drop box without any receiving having seal and signature from bank side. for some time i thought and again asked  service manager about receiving from bank side but he also repeated the same thing.at that time i felt a flaw in banking system. sir i request you to consider this issue
0 0 Donating Rs.365/ to Welfare fund of  Indian Army soldiers by saving rs.1/per day is an wonderful idea.
It is essential to publish Welfare Fund  Bank a/c Nos and other details for public contributions.
0 0 Dear Modijee;
It is a great initiative from you to make our country digital and promote cashless transactions to curb corruption and arrest the leakage of revenues government may get if all the transactions can be accounted for. But I see a great hurdle from the business class in their reluctance to tow in line of making their transactions cashless. I have given a link of such situation I faced and have explained that in the document attached. Also given suggestion be done for this.
0 0 Sir, I am very happy with this demonitization concept, and this is my first comment on my gov app. Also in my day to day life I am trying my best to do any money transactions without cash. We are with you and we give you our complete support.
0 0 fund for taking initiative in open source Indian softwares for digitalization of India under Make in India.
We need alternative of Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Gmail, Google etc.
Software development can be done from home and it will also create a job for majority of people familiar with programming language, if not any diploma course should be enough for them to get involved in such a project. Reliance on softwares by greedy companies like Google and Facebook will hurt at some point.
0 0 Dear modi ji
I have big issue to discuss . On one side u say to make india best in the world but on other side you are not doing anything against reservations ... just tell me if a SC student clearing IAS exam will get every govt facility and in future his child will also get same SC quota and the general students just working hard gets nothing . Please if you really wanna see india be on top kill this reservation. .. if anyone really needs it then it must be on base of annual income .. plz plz
0 0 Dear modi ji
I am very happy with all your decisions against black money . I am from jammu and the black money holders in jammu and kashmir have sorted their money so well that its so difficult to trace their money especially leaders of all parties holding money in crores and lands . Still there is no action against at them . being normal civilian i have seen these corrupt people laughng at ur decision like they jst dnt care. So take strict action fast against corrupt people of jammu&kashmir
2 0 Modi ji,
Please introduce a smart card with AADHAR number instead of all the cards that is provided by the government including ATM cards also.Introduce that card to use as an atm,aadhar,voter id,ration card,pan card,etc.
By introducing this,all the payments more than 5000 will be held under this card as it contains a QR code,a copper chip,a black chip as on atm.
By this invention cashless economy will increase gradually without cheating and make it by taking the finger prints and iris scan.
0 0 Dear modi ji,
As we know that digitalization is a huge step in Indian economy. But while accepting this step we normal people facing some very critical problem. Like
during adding money in e-wallet. some banking services are so poor that they r not providing better service.
They deduct money but not add in e-wallet. this kind of image of baking not attracting people toward them.
1.please improve /powerful the banking system.
ex. BANK OF BARODA have very bad service.
0 0 Bullet points as per me are listed below:
1) Cash transaction or withdrawn should taxable and cashless transactions should be tax free
2)in each village city volenteers should teach retailers and socities or people how to use cashless transactions.
3) give incentives to societies who uses solar power/bio recycling plants/ segregate wet and dry waste
4) Give incentives to gram panchyat/municiple corp who  gets success in segregating wet and dry waste and treat it 4 generating electricity
0 0 Sir,
Risk mitigating steps for Aadhar payment:
Bank should check thier database and ensure that Name in aadhar card matching with cutomer name, Any mismatch brought in the notice of customer and bank's branch.
0 0 Sir Cashless hone se logo ko benefits batao like :-
1. chori or dakati katam
2. Appharan and lutpat katam.
3. Dowery kafi kam ho jayagi jise ki bhoorn hataya nahi hogi.
4. Corruption katam like ek thakader ko sadak banane ke liyey jo paisa milega woh pura lagana padega.
5. Choote bacho ki kidnaping katam jinse baad mey bikh mangwai jati hai.
6. Drugs & affim per break.
7. Car chori katham.
8. Tax collection kafi badage jo kala dhan property mai hai uspe bhi tax milega.
9.donation khat
0 0 Dear Modi Ji,
Lets run a campaign for educating people in rural and semi urban places on digital India .As a Banker, we need to educate people on use of online services or e-wallets and other services which will make life easy for the people. Me and my team needs to visit place to place to educate people . Lets run a marathon on #SmartIndiaHackathon , #MyGov
1 0 Since our economy as well as governance  moves towards digitalisation, there is a potential threat of a cyber warfare. To counter this, India could develop a platform of operating system as well as search engines which are out of reach of foreign MNCs, particularly when India is the source of world's best programmers and software experts. It is essential that a certain amount has to be dedicated towards this serious threat as the third world war will indeed be a cyber one.
1 0 Dear Indian Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, I see that you and your team dream big for India but efforts were wrongly directed .Even today, many Indians do not have basic human needs and deprived of their fundamental human rights. If you and your team wish to take India forward, efforts should be focussed on rural and agriculture development. Without lifting people's life who are living in rural and regional India, you can never dream of taking India to the global stage.
0 0 Important for digitalisation...Must read...
प्रणाम मोदी जी,
आपकाdisitalisationका कार्यक्रम बिलकुल सही है।मगरआपcashlessऔरdisitalisationको कारगर बनाना चाहते हैतो इसकी शुरुआत तहसील और कचहरियों से करे क्योकिवहां भ्रस्टाचार अबभी चल रहा है।अगर वहांcash transactionsनहीँ होँगे तो लोगो को इसका प्रत्यक्ष आभास होगा औरवो आपकी बातको समझ जाएंगे।लेकिन वहाँ पर इक ऐसा बोर्ड भी दीवारपर लगाहो जो उन्हें आसानी से ये बताये की काम कितने दिन में होजायेगा।इससे आम लोगो की जिंदगी का आधे से ज्यादाcorruptionख़त्महो जएगा।
2 0 Dear PM Shri Narendra Modi,
                          I am Student and want your help to help do develop school in my village if i get your help ,we need more facilities in our village ,The studend in village get more facilities and develop our village education ,kindly reply ....and help to eductate and provide more facilities to the student in the village ,u are working to improve the education of student with our will, but we need more facilities so the they can improve..
1 0 We can have a forum where we can inputs from the retired professors and utilise the Gita of knowledge they have. And use it for improvements and for this they should be paid.
2 0 We can have single website which provides complete workflow status of all govt documents and processes initiate by citizen i.e. passport, pan card, license, PF, ration card, Aadhar card an many more which is very important and common for every Indian citizen in this Digital India initiative? #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov
1 0 Respected PM Sir, Like the weeding in the Agricultural fields, all the elements who acts against the development of the Nation, to be weeded out and placed behind the bars., or eliminated. They must feel the fear in their hearts before doing any evil things. Kindly make them fear.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I am a supporter of you.All the people are asking me, what your Modiji going to do with men like Vijay Mallaiya, Lalit modi and all corrupted politicians, Government officials, and now the Bank officials who did lot of frauds. They say the sufferers are only middle and lower class people only.
Kindly declare a severe punishment like 7 years of Jail for them. Put all the people who misbehaved in the process of demonetization
Kindly take a Carrot and Strong Stick policy
0 0 clean, green and cool India
0 0 Hon'able PM Sir, also kindly note that narendramodi app is being blocked by UKD INCIndia gov in UKD, BSNL UKD is acting as a stooge of Harish Rawat the liqour, drug, land mafia CM who has destroyed UKD made it Batista Cuba Bars,pubs, n Shopping complexes every 10 feet 90% shops half built and Unoccupied just land grab. Narendra Modi App always fo last 7 days displays a MSG "WEBSERVER NOT RESPONDING" Kindly request your kind interference
0 0 Respected PM Sir, kindly request you to go on offensive on Demonatization as its a great step, it will make all people equal. The Corrupt filthy rich dynasties including foreign Vatican-Italian dynasties and 1% RICH ELITES have ruled 99% of Indians and looted like Brits n worse than them LUTYENS nerve needs to be destroyed
0 0 Respected PM Sir, kindly request you to go on offensive on Demonatization as its a great step, it will make all people equal. The Corrupt filthy rich dynasties including foreign Vatican-Italian dynasties and 1% RICH ELITES have ruled 99% of Indians and looted like Brits, buying votes and financing terror You brought all on same platform NOW ALL CAN DREAM 2 MOVE UP THE LADDER NOT PPL WD POWER
0 0 सबको शिक्षा (योग-विज्ञानं आधारित संस्कार-संस्कृति-चारीत्रिक-नैतिक-उत्थान-अध्यात्मिक-सांस्कृतिक-वैज्ञानिक-तक्नीकी ज्ञान- हाथ का हुनर-कौशल विकास,शरीर सौष्ठव,बुद्धि-विवेक- आत्म-नैतिक-चारित्रिक बल बढ़ाने वाली शिक्षा, पर्यावरण सुरक्षा   आधुनिक पद्धति से), शिक्षा के स्तर में सुधार की आवश्यकता,
सबको स्वास्थ्य(बचपन से ही योग-व्यायाम-खेलकूद,स्काउट,एन.सी..सी.सैनिक शिक्षा अनिवार्य की जानी चाहिए ),
 सबको रोजगार(छोटे छोटे उद्द्योगो एवं रोजगार  को बढ़ावा),
0 0 Respected PM Sir, kindly request you to go on offensive on Demonatization as its a great step, it will make all people equal. The Corrupt filthy rich dynasties including foreign Vatican-Italian dynasties and 1% RICH ELITES have ruled 99% of Indians and looted like Brits, buying votes and financing terror You brought all on same platform NOW ALL CAN DREAM 2 MOVE UP THE LADDER NOT RICH CORRUPT BLACK ANGREZ
0 0 Respected PM Sir, kindly request you to go on offensive on Demonatization as its a great step, it will make all people equal. The Corrupt filthy rich dynasties including foreign Vatican-Italian dynasties and 1% RICH ELITES have ruled 99% of Indians and looted like Brits, buying votes and financing terror You brought all on same platform NOW ALL CAN DREAM 2 MOVE UP THE LADDER NOT PMs son as PM,POLTICIAN SON AS POLITICIAN
0 0 मंत्रियों, सांसदों, विधायकों, सभासदों, सरकारी व् संगठित क्षेत्र के कर्मचारियों के लिए कम से कम 90% आर्थिक लेन-देन ऑन लाइन(बैंक द्वारा) किया जाना अनिवार्य किया जाना चाहिए. दस हजार से ऊपर का एक (Single) लेन-देन-खरीद बिक्री-प्राप्ति-भुगतान (आर्थिक लेन-देन) को  ऑन लाइन किया जाना अनिवार्य किया जाना चाहिए.
0 0 प्रत्येक नागरिक का एक बचत खाता (Saving Bank Account), प्रत्येक परिवार का अपना एक रहने योग्य मकान (परिवार/संयुक्त परिवार के सदस्यों की संख्या अनुसार पर्याप्त जगह/स्थान/accomadation) जिसमे उसका अपना बिजली कनेक्शन हो, प्रत्येक परिवार में एक लैंड लाइन फ़ोन भी होना चाहिए.
0 0 तमाम करों (taxes) को समाप्त करके transaction tax लगाए जाने पर विचार करना चाहिए. cash less transaction को प्रोत्साहन देने कि लिए cash less transaction पर किसी प्रकार का चार्जेज ,अधिभार नहीं लगाया जाना चाहिए. दस हजार से ऊपर के सभी प्रकार के नगद लेन-देन-खरीद-बिक्री दंडनीय होनी चाहिए. राजनीतिक संस्थाओं के लिए भी नगद लेन-देन पूर्ण रूप से प्रतिबंधित होनी चाहिए.
0 0 18 वर्ष से ऊपर के प्रत्येक नागरिक के लिए चाहे वे कोइ भी कार्य करते हों ( छोटे-बड़े व्यापारी, किसान, साहूकार,जमीदार,मनी लेंडर, फर्म, कम्पनी, उद्योगपति,डॉक्टर-इंजीनियर-प्रोफ़ेसर-शिक्षक-वकील-जज, राजनीतिज्ञ, समाज सेवक), सामाजिक-धार्मिक-राजनीतक संस्थाओं के लिए प्रत्येक वर्ष की 31 मार्च का टोटल वेल्थ स्टेटमेंट (आय-व्यय-प्राप्ति-भुगतान-चल-अचल संपत्ति आदि के विवरण के साथ) लिया जाना चाहिए. उत्पादक, आढ़तिया, थोक विक्रेता, कमीशन एजेंट, ठेकेदार, बल्क कन्जूमर के लिए खरीद बिक्री आन-लाइन किया जाना चाहिए,
0 0 Sir, I suggest you please digitalize all Central Govt. Offices and Departments at first instance.  All of your Departments like Postal and Telecom, Railways are not fully digitalized.  Cashless Transactions not implemented by even your Postal Department.  No person is able to get postal Stamps and IPOs etc without cash.  I do not understand why your cabinet Ministers are silent to implement digital and cashless Transactions. Then ask people to convert digital and cashless Transactions.
0 0 I believe that planners did not expect long queues for 40 days in banks after 8th Nov., 2016. It may be that India has little expertise on BEHAVIORAL ECONOMICS. There  is not even one university in India offering any course in this field. In many developed nations, its importance is realised and its tenets used in everyday policies and decisions. The problems of demonetization may be partly due to  this void. We need to analyze the causes / faults of the plan to avoid the same in future.
0 0 The nation is passing thru turbulence of demonetization. Some things have gone astray. A lot of negative impact can be erased IF the culprits caught with old and new currency since 8th Nov., '16 are promptly punished. Otherwise, it may boomerang.
0 0 For Banking / online transactions / Rtgs to be 24 hrs * 7 days * 365 days to ensure smooth less cashless operations on banking holidays / national holidays.
For all government organisations / departments to accept fees / taxes / duties / charges through online fund transfer from all types of banks ( public, private and others ) ; not just PSU banks.
0 0 technologies that human capital is expert in but are not state of the art. In the long run I think it will cost the country if the 2nd step is followed.So,I think their is a dire need for workshops and training students in the university rather than at company once they are hired.This will also help Students learn about technologies if they want to be entrepreneurs.
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov
0 0 Sir,
This is a great initiative by the government.But,I think Government should conduct some workshops to go hand in hand with this.This should be on technologies that are being used by industries today.I think we are creating some great engineers in our country but the technologies that they are being trained in are not state of the art.So,Now companies have 2 choices 1)Train them in new technologies and employ them in technologies that they are not experts in. 2)Build their projects with
1 0 sirji,namaskar,1)for the purpose of skill development and skill deployment and recruitment there  should be at least a 24hr tv channel dedicated to hrd,labour and employment.2)introduction of Chinese national language in secondary and higher secondary school in-order to fight against chinese economy.3)provide recruitment according to natural talent and experience
1 0 Respected Sir,
I am pointing towards the issue of women safety. I am appreciating indian govt for taking very good steps in this regard. Sir, i think govt can do more in this regard.
My suggestions...on street lights- sir, aaj b humare yha maximum places pr street lights nhi hai... ujwal bharat ya roshan bharat k naam se koi yojna honi chaiye jo hr place , hr choti se choti gali ko cover kre. And camere b install hone chaiye. Jo humare officers k control me ho..
Thanks and regards,
Aditya
1 0 How to upload teams Nomination signed by the head of the institute.do you have any portal for sending three teams nomination details from our side.they have uploaded the projects. now being a SPOC i have to send that nomination details.
0 0 to resolve water problem , as our former president and great scientist A P J abdul kalam said to join all our nation dams into one line . and even we can use the desalination method to get fresh water by sea water , since in most of the sourthern area is covered with sea and oceans so we can easily solve this problem , though it might be higher in cost but more efficient
0 0 SIR,In Andhra Pradesh agricultural land data is not updated properly in web land and meebhoomi portals.The corrections in the records are kept in pending for long time. Some of the employees are exploiting the farmers by making false modifications in ADANGAL &ROR-1B.
0 0 Dear sir PM online fraud or cyber crime ki vajah se log online transaction karne se darte hai. meri ek request hai ki online transaction ke liye government ki ek app honi chahiye jo har mobile me preinstalld ho or vo 100% secure ho jis se log bina dare online transection kar sake or sath hi sath kisi ke sath online fraud ho to use sabse pahele kaha jana chahiye vo jankari dijye? koi aisa number jaha vo call karke aapna problem bata sake or jaldi se juldi vo apna paisa vapas pa sake. thank you.
0 0 RBI bank ko jo bhi currency deta hai uska record online Q nahi dekhta??Agr RBI customer aam public ko paresan karne k jagah Bank pe Jazar Rakhti to new currency aise gayab nahi hota.Abhi bhi agar sbhi banko ke record dekhe jaye to kafi log milenge.Govt employee pe lagam lagne se corruption out.
1 0 Sir RBI ko Bank pe controll rakhna chahiye tha.Govt employee Corrupt & lazy kyu hote hain?unko naukari se Nikalne ka tenson kyun nahi hota?
Bank of India ke Kolkata ke Tollygunge branch me ₹5000 se upar ka deposit lene se inkar kiya.mere samne ek Manager ko call ata ki 5Lacs deposit karna hai to manager usko bulata hai.
0 0 Dear sir if you really want a curruption free india then start a Strong customer care contact no for every all Govt sector.where we can call and get solve our issues.like Mobile customer care service.Maximum Govt Customer care No is out of service???
It will also increase employment.
0 0 Hello Mr Prime Minister...
Precisely speaking we have to think digitally to make our people to live digitally, implies we have to teach/learn digitally.
So we have to open coding(computer science language) schools as many as possible,in every state initially. It will help us to grow economically in an exponential factor.
thank you
Waseem Hilal
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
      मेरा नाम सुनंदा शर्मा है और मैं एक छात्रा हूँ | सर,ये हमारे लिए गर्व की बात है की आप हमारे देश के प्रधानमंत्री है | क्योंकि आप हर एक भारतीय के लिए कार्य कर रहे है | मैं आपसे विनती करना चाहती हूँ कि आपने ही कहा था कि इस देश बदलाव बस युवा ला सकते है,देश के युवा लापता हो रहे है |मैंने इलाहाबाद रेलवे स्टेशन पर 40 -50 पोस्टर देखे है लोगो के लापता होने के जिसमे एक मेरा इकलौता भाई भी है|
सर,मेरी आपसे विनती है कृपया इस मामले इस मामले पर ध्यान दे|
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी
      मेरा नाम सुनंदा शर्मा है और मैं एक छात्रा हूँ | सर,ये हमारे लिए गर्व की बात है की आप हमारे देश के प्रधानमंत्री है | क्योंकि आप हर एक भारतीय के लिए कार्य कर रहे है | मैं आपसे विनती करना चाहती हूँ कि आपने ही कहा था कि इस देश बदलाव बस युवा ला सकते है,देश के युवा लापता हो रहे है |मैंने इलाहाबाद रेलवे स्टेशन पर 40 -50 पोस्टर देखे है लोगो के लापता होने के जिसमे एक मेरा इकलौता भाई भी है|
सर,मेरी आपसे विनती है कृपया इस मामले इस मामले पर ध्यान दे|
0 0 Hell Sir
After the ineciative of digital india most people have started cashless payment.
But some crimes also happening during this days that any fake person calls u and tell that your ATM get blocked.
To activate it he send the one OTP no to that person and withdraw money from his account by asking this OTP.
As no evidences are there against such crime police are also unable to take action against such crime..... Please aware people about this through MAN KI BAAT
0 0 Dear sir,
Pleased help the general students they will not allowed in free training courses.
Please allow them they will do some best.
0 0 Many people will feel comfortable to travel in train.but due to lack of ticket availability most of the people are planning the journey by bus.so my idea is to add 1 coach to each train and allott it for waiting list people in each near by  big station.so that most of the people can sit and travel as like journey in buses.if the coach model  is like cc coach having seating arrangement without AC then it will be cheap and best.Passengers will get speed and safe journey with in less price.
0 0 as i have posted land rent money problem. my suggestion is that land rent any type of rent should be legalize,land owner/coaching center should be registered under government scheme.without registration he is consider as illegal getting money so that government can get tax and can apply to good purpose .this is not a problem but an issue why they are not giving tax whil enjoying every thing that country provide us. money should not be in limited hand specially those who is doing nothing work.
0 0 sir, i am student. i am preparing for job. sir in metro cities shop/ROOM/FLATE RENT is a source of income without doing any hardwork,just get 2 to 3 lakh income/month, for big builders it may be around 15 to 20 lakh per month, even they are not giving any tax. during demonetization, there is no effect on these type of people, they just order us, give monthly room rent otherwise leave it.therefor they get handsome money when no budy have,this source of income is not come under goverment area.
1 0 I suggest to develop a tracking device which will be assigned to each and every new born child and their parents will be the custodian of the same. I am actually worried about thousands of children missing every year and families being ruined. This will prevent the human trafficking in the country if can be implemented.
1 0 Hello,
Hope all is well. First of all i wish best of luck Modiji for success of Demonetization.
My suggestion here to Govt. is create Item list which we are importing and find out Technical powerful indian person and assign task him to develop it in India, help him for finance, man power and other required help. If Govt. can do this so automatically India will grow as fast as china.
For ege, In surat we are selling diamond processing machine which before mostly importing from Israel.
0 0 My Idea to promote greenery and plantation is simple and easy to implement. Whenever there is any plantation drive at any city/town/village etc, local government authority must ask to nearby shop/home/industry/field owner to take care of the plant near to them, and Government will rebate/recognize them in taxation or other manner.Traditionally the guy/department was taking care of that task would now have to maintain a record and help the person facing any difficulty.
1 0 Seasons Greetings to All,
No doubt that the proposed Smart India Hackathon 2017,is going to be an unique initiative to identify new and revolutionary digital technology innovations for solving the day by day challenges faced by people of our country with the participation of budding IT Professional/ Engineers.
1 0 In a smart city should we not have a" lost and found site" for the benefit of all citizens.
At least those who are honest and found something in a bus or at a public place, will hand it over to nearest police station or inform nearest police station. The one who has lost will simply login on the site and put the description of lost article. Police will be able to contact him/her and will save police dept. time and efforts and will ease the public's hassel.
1 0 #TOU17
Do we need to submit the Mobile Application itself or we should submit the APP 2.0 features alone as document for this mentioned Problem statement. Kindly reply.
Problem Statement: Creating Incredible India Mobile App 2.0 version to make it most effective and sought after application.
0 0 can we use adhar card as electronic all in one card like driving license ,pan, debit and credit card and all types of identity card using bio-metric identification scheme
it will save money on processing of all these ids
generation of adhar card at setu service has initiated small scale corruption please take initiative to stop this
1 0 Namste dosto i have a idea for electricity we can transfer electricity without wire by megnaticfield  some body help me to impliment this idea
wireless electricity means people physically will not touch to wire  and current lagne ke change kam honge and the cost of wire will be reduce at top most rate
plzz reply
Thank's
1 0 7th pay commision lagu huwa kya pvt sector walo ko 3rd commision walo k v jitne salary milte h g kon chek krega g, bs last m data nkalna h 10 yrs k baad k itne people greebi rekha k andr h, bs yehi work h g, desh bdega jb sb log bdhenge n k kuch log k bdhne se g,education system m aaj tk koi sudhhar nhi huwa h g to digital INDIA k spna bhut dur  h g
YOUR FAN
1 0 Respected Sir,
My crucial ideas to strengthen youth and generate assured job opportunities and to empower the deprived is attached herewith as a pdf file,
thank you,
- prof. Mr. Shekhar Salunke
0 0 increased the salary of all private small and big institue,implement all industries small,medium and large have to implement esic +bonus+fund scheme, today a master degree holder earn rs 6000 per month in a private school, check measure on school their education system, fees structure, earning,bhai pdhega INDIA tvi to bdhega INDIA jb pdhaane wale govt teacher baahr baith kr samosa khata h 30000 kmaata h aur pvt teacher jo din bhr pressure m rehta h wo 5000 , kaise bnega digital INDIA ji
0 0 Private sector employees and staff salary to be increased all Indians adopt and change smart India. Tamilnadu government activities very poor.
0 0 RIDE AND WIN DAILY     One Passenger Ticket number  Daily
Ride and Win Daily on Public transport is my Business invention Idea To Increase More Passengers  Rider Ship   Reduce use of GAS   Save Gas  Participate in Less pollution and Global warming
One lucky passenger Per day     Ticket
0 0 #makeachange
#gotanidea
#Mygovrocks
Thank you all...
2 0 Citizens could be given tax deductions on expenses incurred on commodities of daily needs. Like rations, unprocessed clothing, books, newspaper, travel with in the country etc. Coz those things are already taxed and mostly belongs to grass roots level of india economy, due to this not only people will be encouraged to demand for bills for the above but also will be encouraged to file tax returns to take the benefits of the schemes instead of raising the tax slab so instead the economy can boost
0 0 Addition of coaches with respect to demand in railways. Keep some buffer coaches at different zones to add or remove. This will save money on fuel and maintenance. Too many people in railway especially group C and D. For a simple work too many hands. Make them do other jobs also and increase efficiency.
0 0 Kindly limit the amount of cash which one can keep as cash. Simplify taxes.there are too many exceptions . Also lack of knowledge among people about tax.
0 0 Thank you for providing showing views
0 0 Building system to provide education to rural and areas remote from the country. Build a smart classroom and teachers remotely engage in the classrooms. Practicals to some extent can also be taken virtually and even the teachers existing in rural areas can be trained on subjects through this model. System helps on the evaluation of the kids and interest can be viewed with the help of group of educationist that includes psychologist. This helps to shape the future of kids and country more.
0 0 While submitting participation ofr Smart India Hackathon 2017 template, College code is required in Template ... How to find college code ?
0 0 Please permote internet in rural area through gov broadband so that people  can be well inform about gov programme and cant be cheated and mislead by different parties who compaign against madi abd bjp so that youth could become responsible and could convey message to people of pm modi it can be very helpful in permoting cashless society too
0 0 I want detailed help of some key important question regarding  smart india hackathon 2017
Q.1. what is the last date of submission?
Q.2. can i individually submit the idea?
Q.3.How many submission can i do in different ministry?
please help as early as possible.
Thank you sir.
#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
1 0 We need to have only one app for all over India, run by the Govt. Also would like to mention that India Post, which is covered widely all over India (including the remotest areas) is to be made online and digital, wherein all the transactions which are to be made by cash is to be completely converted to digital/netbanking/cashless. Also doing this way we can completely reduce the risk of theft or damage to the post office accounts and its transactions as these will be in Digital Post Office A/c
0 0 Respective Sir,
Thank you for providing chance to show my views.
0 0 In my view there should be only one  mobile app for cashless transaction  mandatory to all citizens/shopkeepers/service provider  etc  governed by indian government .It should be operated without internet connection also .There should be no charge on any transaction.Too much confusion about different apps used for cashless transaction.
1 1 You’re doing meaning of the Government
http://www.xavierraja.com/telescope.php
A. Xavier Raja, S/O A.D.Amirtha Raj, 798/152,Op St Mary’s Tower, Maravankudiruppu, Nagercoil,K.K.Dist. Tamil Nadu, INDIA.PIN:629 002.
0 0 In indian railways ticket checking is done manually but it can be automated to reduce illegal travel of passengers and others
0 0 India is a country where majority of population lives in villages and towns.
People living in village and towns does most of the purchasing in cash.
Flow of huge cash money happens from villages and towns towards city.
We need to find a way to stop cash flow.
Please find attached proposal for facilitating money card cashless transaction.
Kind Regards,
Sudhendra
0 0 in every shop i have seen  every traders taking money on MRP  price.... there is no discount ....and many company had been written MRP on items its 3 time more than basic price so
government must decided to MRP. on basic prices .....manufacturing cost + how many percentage MRP some desice please.....thanks
0 0 many GIDC has problem to both side .....nagarpalika tax and some of gidc tax....check both side 
how to do single way of tax
0 0 electricity in most of village has some cheating person to steal electricity
and every burden to metro city  and other people to bear very loaded bill....
check every village to reduce cheatting in electricity
0 0 electric systems ........example 
main pole : A
to sub pole : 1=1=1=1=1
sub pole : 1 to z+z+z+z+z house electric connection (5 house) 
every pole has own sim card systems to connected to the servers 
z house bill 1000
z house bill 1000
z house bill 1000
z house bill 1000
z house bill 1000
sub pole 1 : 5000 bill count every 5 connection 
"""""""""""this is above example how to reduce cheating in electricity"""""'
0 0 voting systems must be on mobile and online voting and mobile application voting and every option to vote.....than can be effect to maximum voting in india for batter future....
jay hind..................
0 0 Sir, Hackathon 2017 is a very good initiative to motivate all young budding engineers. Can you please clarify, it is said that from each college only three proposals are accepted. is it regarding each problem statement or any three problem statement.
0 0 Sir
Delhi me Wazirabad Byepass pr ek b Footover bridge nhi h jiske chlte wahn se road cross krne m or mukherjeenagar jane me bahut dikkt hoti h.Or yahn pr property dealers k ka to jawab hi nhi h moomaanje paise wasool krte h students se or wo b cash me check or DD me clear mna kr dete h.
Please aapse request h ki koi Sincier Officer dono ki trf thoda dhyaan de or students or Nextcoming Officers or employees k liye shahyata ho ske.
0 0 why not people other than students participate in this.
0 0 We accept this challenge and Support Smart India Hackathone 2017, wish you all the best for grand success of this initiative, SKIT, JAIPUR.
0 0 Hello Respected PM Sir,  (Suggesion and Request)
meri apse request hai ki aap INDIA me jitni bhi private proerty aur govt. property padi hai
ek aisa rule lagu karo jisse vo sabhi plots ki boundary ban jaye kyu ki log vha khule me shoch jate hai, log kachra fenkte hai. jin logo ke pas ya nagar parishad ke pas paise nahi hai unhe loan avilble karva ke private aur govt property ki boundary karvaye.
0 0 hello Respected Sir,
Mera apse suggesion hai jo aapp smart city or swachh bharat ka nairman kar rhe hai. hme bhut khushi hai apne ye faisla liya.
meri apse request hai ki aap indi me jitni bhi private proerty aur govt. property padi hai
ek aisa rule lagu karo jisse vo sabhi plots ki boundary ban jaye kyu ki log vha khule me shoch jate hai, log kachra fenkte hai. jin logo ke pas ya nagar parishad ke pas paise nahi hai unhe loan avilble karva ke private aur govt property ki boundary karvay.
0 0 why surcharge for card swiping at petrol bunks?
Dear sir post demonitisation we are using debitcards for fuel but the banks are charging a surcharge of Rs 50 and above for each transaction. But you said there would be a refund for digital payments? Kindly ask bank atleast not to put surcharge for digital debit card payments at petrol bunks
0 0 //////சென்னை:தமிழக அரசின் தலைமை செயலாளர் ராம் மோகன் ராவின் வீட்டில் வருமான வரித்துறை அதிகாரிகள் அதிரடி சோதனை நடத்தி வருகின்றனர்//// MY BELOVED PM  SHRI MODJI, KINDLY ADVISE IT DEPT / CBI TO CONDUCT SIMILAR SURGICAL OPERATION IN ALL DEPT. SECRETARIES & ALL IAS/IPS/DASHILDARS HOUSES & OFFICES IN TAMILNADU WITH OUT FURTHER DELAY...(YOUR GOOD OFFICE DELAYED ALREADY THIS OPERATION BY 45 DAYS AFTER NOV-08--TOOOOOO LATE)
0 0 ///புதுவையில் மின்னணு பணப்பரிவர்த்தனை திட்டத்தை உடனே செயல்படுத்த முடியாது என முதல்வர் நாராயணசாமி தெரிவித்துள்ளார் எனக் கேட்டபோது, ஆளுநர் கிரண்பேடி கூறியதாவது:எதுவும் சாத்தியமே. நாட்டு நலனுக்கு நல்லதோ எது எல்லாம் நல்லதோ அது எல்லாம் சாத்தியம் தான். எதிர்கால தலைமுறைக்கு எந்த மின்னணு பணப்பரிவர்த்தனை நல்லது///// SRI MODIJI, KINDLY APPOINT SUCH A STUBORN PERSONALITY AS GOVERNOR TO TAMILNADU & OTHER LOCAL PARTY RULING STATES TO IMPLIMENT ALL CENTRES PROGRAMMESVERY STRICTLY
1 0 I think indian gov. should host a  cloud and app store to create an echo system.
0 0 Respected sir,
Feels best done for corruption,& black money.
Further shall take steps in respect of route causes of it's happening.
Also if all govt.machinery(where on one is illustrate) and respected public representatives(ie MP/MLA......Ward members ...) starts not keeping cash with them & in house- will definitely make even compulsory to small businesses to start cash-less transactions.
0 0 Many Post offices donot have mobile payment or card payments facility.  As a result, people having RD ac with PO face difficulties.This issue needs to be attended on top priority since Post Office is part of central government and also available in even remote villages all over India
0 0 respected sir
i sincerely hope my this small letter reaches you
please find the attached pdf
thanks
shrideep ghogare
1 0 सेवा में
प्रधान मन्त्री श्री नरेंदेर मोदी जी
भारत सरकार
नोट बन्दी एक ऐतिहासिक सरह्नीया  कदम है लेकिन आज अचानक बैकों ने 5000/- से ज्यादा जमा करना बंद कर दिया है जो लोग बार-2 जमा कर रहे  है उनके लिये तो ठीक है लेकिन जो लोग ज्यादा भीड़ की वजह से  अब तक जमा नही कर पाये उन्हें अब एक बार में 30 तारीख तक अपनी एक मुस्त धन राशि जमा करने के लीये बैंकों को आदेश दिया जाए - धन्यवाद
0 0 SIR AGAR HUM EVERY JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL MAI EK COMPUTER LAB & EK SCIENCE LAB STAPITH KARE AUR ISKE PRAYOJAN KE LIYE 1 TEACHER RAKHE TO IS SE HAMARE YEH KE BACHHO MAIN EK KRANTI AAYGI AUR UNKA MAN NAYE NAYE THINGS KE BARE MAIN JANNE KE LIYE UTSAHIT HOGA AUR EK NIMN STAR PAR SMALL SCINTISTON KE SURUAT HOGI.
THANK YOU SIR
0 0 BI, Kolkata is still living in the STONE AGE. They are not yet in a position to practice Cashless transaction at TR-7 collection Counters (No 12 and 13, 1st floor). We are dreaming for a DIGITAL INDIA etc but the Top Bank is .....
We must stop such IRONY - my humble request to our loving and enthusiastic PM.
0 0 #IR11 booking parcel and luggage by train is very difficult. there is corruption involved right from booking, packing, loading, unloading etc. please make online booking facility and system such that people feel easy to use rail system. it will help railway generate revenue.
0 0 #IR1 i have suggestion for unreserved ticket problem. there is only one or two general coaches where sitting is also difficult. its better to introduce more no of chair cars coaches so no of passengers travelling can sit easily and travel. few long journey passenger need to obtain reservation for sleeper coach
0 0 waste management #IR10 its high time train should have bio toilets or some other arrangement. spillage of toilet and human waste is uncivilized. stations platform smells bad, train coaches smell bad, tracks all over are dirty due to this and how some one expect to repair same. please make policy and involve various agencies for improvement in toilets. it will make Swachch bharat abhiyan a success.
0 0 passenger security #IR3 the railway police should take a survey in each train at least once, if any problem to any passenger, same may be conveyed to him.
0 0 i have suggestion for unreserved ticket problem. there is only one or two general coaches where sitting is also difficult. its better to introduce more no of chair cars coaches so no of passengers travelling can sit easily and travel. few long journey passenger need to obtain reservation for sleeper coach.
0 0 Dear Modi ji,
I have a suggestion regarding to Post office schemes.My mother is paying Recurring Deposit (RD) in Post office. Since we are going Out of cash nowadays, I want to pay the RD through Online Transaction.But this feature is not enabled in e-Postoffice. 
I Kindly request you to Make post office payments Digital.Many of my friends are also Opening Fixed Deposit and RD in Private banks because they offer online Transaction facilities but our Post offices lack that facility.
0 0 श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी
माननीय प्रधान मंत्री
भारत सरकार
विषय: किसानो के निमित्त आर्थिक सहायता हेतु विनय पत्र
(मासिक खर्च रुपया 15 लाख. एक वर्ष का खर्च रुपया 1, 8000000 मात्र.)
सन्दर्भ: जिले के किसानो के प्रति, भ्रस्टाचार उन्मूलन, जागृति, निष्पक्षीय प्रशाश्नात्मक प्रणाली का सकारात्मक प्रयोग
विस्तृत जानकारी संलग्न है.
शचीन्द्र कुमार दुबे
0 0 श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी
माननीय प्रधान मंत्री
भारत सरकार 
विषय: किसानो के निमित्त आर्थिक सहायता हेतु विनय पत्र
(मासिक खर्च रुपया 15 लाख. एक वर्ष का खर्च रुपया 1, 8000000 मात्र.)
सन्दर्भ: जिले के किसानो के प्रति, भ्रस्टाचार उन्मूलन, जागृति, निष्पक्षीय प्रशाश्नात्मक प्रणाली का सकारात्मक प्रयोग
विस्तृत जानकारी संलग्न है.
शचीन्द्र कुमार दुबे
1 0 Swarga bharath 3
Banaras are very nonsense and clumsy in our country. To dilute it, let we go for digital Banar. Every st. Corners have digital board activate with solar. People contact vao or municipal office to put their ad. With payment. Ad display with payment basis time. Banner place may have one bench surrounding with herbs plant - tiny.
0 0 Swarga bharath 2
India has more waste land. Pl. Invite green projects from puplic whom they are willing to maintain it with association of govt. It will make new innovation, employment. I also have some more ideas with plan.
1.educational park
2. Natural cows' form
3. Herbal garden
4. Ethic guru gulam
5. Seasonable food preservation
0 0 Dear ji... nowadays; the electric accidents are very often in our country. to avoid that I have a small idea; attached my idea in pdf format.
0 0 Respected PM sir,
Please keep more focusing on govt. school of villages.Schooling of villages are in pathetic condition.There are no teacher come regularly,if anyone come then he is not teach to student but he is come to his attendance for make his salary.
I am talking this only for make better future of villagers,villages and also our nation "The Great India".
you already know that condition better then me.please think why student and his parents prefer private schools rather then govt.
0 0 Bharath matha's real son modiji
Swarga bharath 1
To increase ground water level, pl. Make action to plant "Palmyra tree" in all road ways and river ways. Hence it helps to retain ground water in just 50 feet. More over we get unique structure of roads and rivers. To imaging it, how beautiful and uniform view. More also leaves of Palmyra gives environmental safe cups and plates, pulp is a wonderful rich food for summer and karuppatti is a toxicless sweet
infra devp. Grn env. Dev. Of nutr. Fd
0 0 ..சென்னை,சவுகார்பேட்டையில்,இரானி என்ற நகைக் கடை வியாபாரி வீடு மற்றும்நகை கடைகளில, இன்று வருமானவரித்துறையினர் சோதனை நடத்தினர். அப்போது, 10 கோடி ரூபாய் மதிப்புள்ள பழைய நோட்டுகளை, அவர்கள் கண்டெடுத்தனர்.தொடர்ந்து சோதனை நடைபெற்று வருகிறது...PM JI,FIND OUT THE BLACK SHEEPS WHO RELEASED DIRECTLY THE NEW CURRENCY FROM RESEVE BANK TO THE RICHES,BYE PASSING THE BANKS & OPENLY ARREST THE CONCERENED RBI OFFICER & EXPOSE. OR OTHERWISE YOUR DEMONITISATION WILL BE LAUGHABLE BY OTHER COUNTRIES
0 0 //புதுச்சேரியில் மின்னணு பணப்பரிவர்த்தனை முறை மூலம் வியாபாரம் செய்வதை ஏற்றுக்கொள்ள மாட்டோம், படிப்படியாகத்தான் செய்வோம்.விளைவை சந்திக்கத் தயார்.
இதனால் வரும் எந்த விளைவாக இருந்தாலும் சந்திக்க தயார் என்றார் ராயணசாமி///THESE UNION TERRITORY/BOADER STATES LIKE PONDY/PUNJAB/NAGALAND,DAY BY DAY BECOMES TERRORIST STATES.BECAUSE THE MAIN REASON BEING BLACK FOREIGN CURRENCY INFLOW/EXCHANGE,CORRUPTION IN LAND MAFIA, MEDICAL COLLEGES & LIQUOR .BETTER ATTACH THESE STATES TO NEARBY MAJOR STATES
0 0 कोच में चार टॉयलेट हैं उस में से एक टोईलिट हटा दी जय उस जगह पर दो सिट लगाई जाए
वहाँ बैठ कर टी सी अपना काम करे और आर ए सी और वेटिंग वाले लोग उस जगह पर खड़े रहे और बिना टिकिट यात्रा कर रहे लोग और आर पि ऑफ ,जी आर पि स्टाफ और ऑन ड्यूटी लोको पाइलेट बैठ सके जिस से आम यात्री को रात में और दिन में  परेशानी न हो 
रमेश कोठारी
जे ई डीज़ल शेड रतलाम (एम पी )
0 0 कोच में चार टॉयलेट हैं उस में से एक टोईलिट हटा दी जय उस जगह पर दो सिट लगाई जाए
वहाँ बैठ कर टी सी अपना काम करे और आर ए सी और वेटिंग वाले लोग उस जगह पर खड़े रहे और बिना टिकिट यात्रा कर रहे लोग और आर पि ऑफ ,जी आर पि स्टाफ और ऑन ड्यूटी लोको पाइलेट बैठ सके जिस से आम यात्री को रात में और दिन में  परेशानी न हो 
रमेश कोठारी
जे ई डीज़ल शेड रतलाम (एम पी )
0 0 Online transaction and digital India
The following attached PDF presents the reality and unwillingness of rural and some urban people to use online mode of transaction and the advantage of demonetization.
I have presented some solution for this, which may be useful for the implementation and may change the mindset of people also attract the people to go online
0 0 Respected Modiji , Special focus on our railways is that former government gave more trains but they were not serious railway safety. Especially rail accidents, disasters are day by day increasing . we need more trains but it should be more safer. Most of the rails are not effective and give focus to remove the technical problems relating rails and main focus given to this issue in 2017 budget presentation.
0 0 Demonetization is on the success path.As a citizen I have an opinion that This is a brave action taken by Modiji. most of the other political parties attack the PM on this issue . Government can resist and fight with this issues on February national budget by good presentation by considering our farmers, Middle class people, Health programs -special focus to Cancer,HIV, Communicable diseases,low interest rate policy, women development etc.
0 0 Digital India is a good idea . I have some suggestions relating with this Digital railway service that means each citizen can understand policies of government in railway centers by visual screens and share their ideas there. most of us are mobile users that is why people are very effective to use it. so all central government department must ensure their services by means of digital communication.
0 0 Sir now if we are making India digital India then we must also start talking about E-hygiene in digital means.. Cyber security is need of the hour and we must start thinking about cyber security with digital India as without E-hygiene digital data is vulnerable.
0 0 sir
   while promoting the cashless payment especially in petrol pumps and offering discounts people are taking it seriously .but what is there experience in certain pumps.My experience I used debit card but service charge Rs.14/- was collected for five hundred rupees.Instead of getting discount loss to me.
0 0 Hello sir,
              Aaj ke  samaye main  railway main jin musibto ka samba public ko krna pdta hain  uske pichhe mukhya kaarn hai railway system.agar aap railway main much bdhlab kre jaise ki railway platform pe safaai krwai jaye or jagaah jagaah "kripya sfaai rkhe,is me aapka hi fayda hai" ka slogan wala poster lgaye to shayad railway main thoda yaa pura sudhaar sawabh hai,pls forgive me sorry for any mistake.Thanks! 8872736537
0 0 Hello sir,
              Aaj ke  samaye main  railway main jin musibto ka samba public ko krna pdta hain  uske pichhe mukhya kaarn hai railway system.agar aap railway main much bdhlab kre jaise ki railway platform pe safaai krwai jaye or jagaah jagaah "kripya sfaai rkhe,is me aapka hi fayda hai" ka slogan wala poster lgaye to shayad railway main thoda yaa pura sudhaar sawabh hai,pls forgive me sorry for any mistake.Thanks! 8872736537
0 0 Dear sir,
Now that the plan of digital India is well under action, why not the billing system be changed especially in the urban areas. It should be made online. This will help in saving trees too.
0 0 Dear modi ji
 Now TH govnt asked for vartha effect. What giving by government public reaching by government
0 0 Rather than people to govntment by cashless to government to public implementation should be cashless. Thanks for accepting cashless economy
0 0 Dear sir 
   I am Anandharaj . Doing of Demonistration is good . But people waiting in qee for expecting will get some thing New . We need that cashless transaction in all government sector, School Fees getting by cashless , public people keep to get benifites by government  by  cashless and going to state govnment by cashless. Reverse from government to public implementation by cashless.will give benifites to public thanks.
1 0 Hello Honorable Prime Minister Narendra Modi Air ur decision of demonitization is very excellent. In beginning we had some problem and after that it will be very benefit to us as black money collected can be used in welfare of the poor people. Sir ur future plans will also be very niceas BJP has always done work which is beneficial to all. Sir this was YOGESH GUPTA FROM UTAR PRADESH
0 1 This is Rahul Srivastva.My request you to please dont release fund to the MP's.My plan is that please provide fund to the private sector and you all see result best.Because you know also MP's are not doing well work in their area.If you give me opportunity then i will prove how can i change situation in limited time.
0 1 Amma Ram Ram Ram Amma Govinda Govinda Amma
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_5YARaA1-htSzV0a25ReUdoWUU/view?usp=sh...
Amma Please Review Amma Please Help me Amma Please Save me
Amma Ram Om Ram Ram Ram Amma Govinda Govinda Amma
1 0 Heloo sir Shri Manniy Railway Mantry Mr. Suresh Prabhuji Namshkar,....
1 0 हेल्लो सर
मेरा नाम सुरभि जैन है। ..और मेरे पास एक सवाल है की क्या हम आज भी जानते है की हमारे पूरे भारत में अभी भी कितने बच्चे है तो स्कूल नहीं जाते है और जो जाते है क्या वो पढाई करते भी है या नहीं। .सर मेरा ये मानना है की आपको ये देखना चाहिए हमारे भारत में भी स्टूडेंट को उनके इंटरेस्ट का स्टडी करवाना चाहिए। ... हमे स्टार्टिंग से ही स्टूडेंट के इंटरेस्ट की सब्जेक्ट ही रखने चाहिए और उन्हें उसे फील्ड में गई जाने की राह दिखानी चाहिए
0 0 You need to check all the family have any one recognized account in a bank / post office. if any one of the family does not have you have the responsibilty to create one.Then you can easily achieve the goal of  cashless India very easily.
0 0 IF YOU WANT CASHLESS BECOME SUCCESS IN VILLAGE . YOU HAVE MAKE COMPULSARY PAYMENT OF ELECTRICITY BILL VIA CHEQUE BOOK. VIA THIS PROCESS EVERY ELECTRICITY BILL PAYER DEFINATELY OPEN ACCOUNT IN BANK. THIS WILL BE THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS CASHLESS TRAINING FOR VILLAGERS.
0 0 What's the date today (think) , what's the date next day (think) , so tell us does the INDIA is developing or not.
2 0 Please close the disposal of raw sewage on the ground below from train toilets. The sewage is spread all over the country along train tracks because the toilets are open to the ground below.
The platforms and the entire stations need to be wheelchair and senior-citizen friendly.
#IR10,#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
1 0 21 problem statements but I only see solution statements. Without knowing the specific problem statements, how is one to evaluate these solutions? Please post the specific problem statements? As Albert Einstein said: "If I had an hour to solve a problem I'd spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and 5 minutes thinking about solutions."
Clear Mission focus for each school is also needed from early development to college education.
#NIO,#NCE,#CBS,#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
1 0 Try to solve already persisting crisis in Railways:1) Transgenders are common threat to passengers in Bangalore trains, forcibly collecting money.2) Workers employed by railways keep on shouting nonstop to sell goods inside trains, makes journey uncomfortable.3)Local goons making living, by alloting empty seat for money, bribing from innocent passengers.
0 1 Try to solve existing crisis:
1) Trains making unnecessary halts in between railway stations, more than 10 times before reaching destination.
2) Train toilets are horrible, waste disposed then n there in railway station itself.
3)Train seats are uncomfortable, no flexible seats for long journey.
0 0 सेवा में ,
  माननीय प्रधानमंत्री
  श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी
  नई दिल्ली  भारत
विषय -न्याय व्यवस्था को सुधारने हेतु अति महत्वपूर्ण सुझाव |
महोदय,
सविनय निवेदन यह है कि मेरा नाम -स्नेह श्री  पिता -श्री संजय कुमार निवासी -मकान नंबर -254 ए .पी कालोनी थाना -रामपुर जिला-गया बिहार का निवासी हूँ  महोदय मैं आपको न्याय व्यवस्था को सुधारने  हेतु कुछ अति महत्वपूर्ण सुझाव देना चाहता हूँ ,महोदय सिर्फ हमारा  भारत महान लिख देने से हमारा भारत महान नहीं होगा इसके लिए जरूरत है कुछ सख्त कदम उठाने होंगे#Mygov
0 0 #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov Me and some of my friends are full time salaried employee of top software engineering companies. We want to participate in the hackathon, as we are allowed to moonlight (work on any idea, which is not directly competing with company products). Currently hackathon seems to be only allowed for college students. Kindly allow salaried software engineers also. We can provide a professional solution quicly. Note : you can keep such teams out of the cash reward system.
0 0 Respected Sir,
Please make a plan to install the ATM machines in all the villages. All the villages have post offices (Currently very less work load) so we can utilize the post offices and we can install the ATM machines. so that the village peoples can withdraw the money as per their requirement. The withdrawal limit can be reduced as compare to city ATMs to avoid the money consume.
0 0 Comment 2 (Continued):These ATVM cards are issued by indian railway and should have all india validity. At the ticket booking counters they don't accept credit/debit cards as of now but if you can accept your own ATVM card as mode of payment it will be easier for us to book ticket and not to fight for change.
Currently, ATVM cards cards can only be recharged at the railway counters but if you allow us to recharge it via plastic currency then it will be easier for us to book.
Thanks.
0 0 Sir,
Now a days we are talking very much about cashless economy as there is shortage of cash in the market. But there are some existing facilities are available with Indian Railways that should be modified so that we can go cashless always. Here are the points:
1. Note that in today's scenario at all major stations ATVM machines are available. But, these machines work only in the respective railway zones only. I.e. my ATVM card issued at ECoR, Bhubaneswar is not accepted at the Mumbai ATVMs.
0 0 Respected Sir
The internet should be strengthened for a good cashless transaction. In the last ten days I could not do cashless transaction twice. Both instances the, once in a petro bunk and the other in a hotel , reply was failure of the internet. In some places the internet was very slow.
0 0 ABOUT TAXATION, KOI AISA SYSTEM BANAYA JAYE JISES SALARIED PERSON KO SALARY UNKE 'ANGUTHE KA NISHAN BAYOMATRIC MACHINE PAR AUR AADHAR CARD' LEKAR DI JAYE, KOI FIRM KISI UNRAGISTERED PARTY SE MAAL KHARIDNE PAR USKE ANGUTHE KA NISHAN BAYOMATRIC MACHINE PAR LIYA JAYE AUR AISI BAYOMATRIC MACHINE KO SIDHA EK INCOME TAX WEBSITE SE JORA JAYE TAKI PATA LAG SAKE KI KIS AADHAR NO. WALE AADMI NE SAAL ME KITNI SALARY LI HAI AUR USKE NAAM SE AUR KONSA VYAPAR CHAL RAHA HAI YA NAHI,
0 0 I want to ask #SmartIndiaHackathon2017 #MyGov #IR1 why we not introduce a new system in which there is no ticket booking counter for reservation of ticket and it is totally online from e-ticket this will also increase the digital payments or we can introduce a system in which each coach have 2 TT on both side of gates of coach for booking ticket and avoiding non tickets ones from entering the coach this can also create huge job opportunities for the youths and avoid non ticket one from entering.
1 0 If anyone like my idea like my post.i think it is best idea for cashless transactions.Every one having adhar card.change that as a adhar+smart card. That card can use only that person. At the transaction time thumb print is required, thumb must be matched with adhar thumb print then only the transaction will complete.he can transfer money from adhar to adhar and bank also. He can recharge adhar.he can receive money through adhar.
2 0 Namaskaram pm Garu. I have an idea for cashless transactions. Every one having adhar card.change that as a adhar+smart card. That card can use only that person. At the transaction time thumb print is required, thumb must be matched with adhar thumb print then only the transaction will complete.he can transfer money from adhar to adhar and bank also. He can recharge adhar.he can receive money through adhar.
Thank you sir for giving this opportunity to share my ideas
0 0 I am just requesting the following things:
a)  On elocker portal- All availed services with terms and conditions accepted should be listed.
b)  Elocker portal should be main tool for citizens to customize thier choice.
   (i)  if a citizen choose second step verification on elocker portal like Otp or Sending sms for acceptance.
    (ii) A lot of services providers just ask to place fingure on device.  Its just like to sign on blank paper.  If its digital india.
0 0 Sir I have attached few suggestions for IT changes which can promote digital transactions.
2 0 Dear Sir, let's create our own India's email and social network system like China has. Recently zindagi millions like us lost the entire email ID data due to theft as acknowledged by Yahoo. But there has been no action on Yahoo from Indian Govt, they discounted our security. PFA acknowledgement from Yahoo received by me. The similar thing will keep on happening and India will keep loosing it's peoples data. We need to come up with our own IT infrastructure for safeguarding people.
1 0 Sir my idea is transportation infrastructure as Indian government is sending lot of money on roads maintenance.
I read this some where
Mix metal chips in Bitumen while constructing road.
After few years when roads are damaged because Bitumen losses it binding property. So to regain it's adhesive property we can heat road by microwave, microwave will heat up iron along with Bitumen . After this use roller for compaction.
This can increase the life of roads up to 2 -3 folds.
Thank you sir
0 0 I am not sure if my submission on skill mission fits in to Smart India hackathon or not but sharing here. Shared this with MHRD & Skill Mission several times this Pan IndiaScale Project. Pl. Note Skill mission will be spring board for digital India mission, Closes digital divide, brings down unemployment to <4% and makes india 85% digitally literate in less than a decade. Pm Sir amy give 5 minutes of his precious time to this submission. PDF attached
0 0 Let us create a 500 seater computer lab in all IITs, IIMs, NITs connected by Fibre network with central Data centre to establish Center for Competitive Exams. Each centre shall be built and maintained with fund provided by a PSUs, MNCs. All competitive exam conducted in the country shall only be held in these centres
This permanent Infrastructure shall simplify in conducting Nation wide competitive exams and in the remaining days it can be rented for conducting practice tests for students.
2 0 If a system is made named "cyber police force" to manage the India's cyber cases, it would be much better. 
अगर हैकरों को सरकार हैकिंग रोकने के लिए नौकरी दे तो कितना बेहतर हो जाएगा हमारा देश!
#MyGov
0 0 dear respected sir
sir please petrol price is high sir plz down price petrol & disel
0 0 सरकार को किसानो के हित के लिए आकाश जायसवाल का एक प्रयास :-
* मै आकाश जायसवाल s/o विरेन्द्र जायसवाल किसानो के हित में निस्वार्थ एवम् सेवा भावना से किसानो के उन्नति के दिशा में मेरा प्रयास है | जो सरकार के मदद से सम्भव हो सकता है |
1. कृषि में प्रति वर्ष सरकार द्वारा चलाये जाने वाले योजना का लाभ किसानो को नही मिल पाता है और किसानो को हर जगह परेशानी होती है | इन सभी परेशानी को कुछ कम करने का मेरा प्रयास है
:- वार्ड न० 1, सुभाष चन्द्रबोस नगर, पिपराइच, गोरखपुर, उत्तर प्रदेश, पिन कोड 273152
2 0 Respected Modi ji, This is for you kind information and necessary action please that we have already requested to SBI branch(Head Office) Chamba H.P. but still now no action has been taken. so please , You are requested to look into our request as soon as possile as attached.
Thx and Regards,
Jawahar Paudwal
2 0 Honourable PM sir,
                  Please ordered that all the Private schools and higher education institutions should collect their fees through digital mode.If they are collect the fees as cashless then they can't make BLACK MONEY.
2 0 Respected PM SIR
I would like to suggest on the topic of digital currency. My suggestions are as follows
 There should be facility in ATM’s/post office/Railway / Payments/fund transfer etc using  AePS in a single Machine. So that card  fraud, transaction charges and manual mistakes may not occur.
Please make Aadhar enable payment system(AePS)more versatile .There should be be cheaper devices which can be connected to phone and can read finger prints and iris.(like e-kyc of jio ).
1 0 Digital India...Make the Petrol Pumps digital. Introduce a cap on cash deposit. For urban areas, only 30% of total sale can be in cash and rest has to be cashless. For rural areas, the cap can be 50%. Everyone visits petrol pumps and people will learn to go cashless soon.
0 0 Greetings to All on this platform, I offer my appreciation to all participating members discussing for the improvement of our great country, and would like to thank Union government for providing such a platform.
I want to share an Idea Regarding #IR17 Accidents at unmanned level crossing, For this idea to be submitted in proper manner, I need a team so anyone interested in #IR17 should contact me. I am looking for Mechanical and Electronic engineering student or professional.
0 1 Centre should not in the business of railway transportation, national railway should be in semi-government. The state government should not need approval of central government for linking state districts by railroads. State can develop its own rail road without seeking center's approval. There should be department called DoT department of Transportation for land, air and sea. Get rid of railway ministry, civil aviation ministry. Consolidate these to one Department of Transportation (DoT).
4 0 I want to present my idea to govt of India,finance ministry to introduce biometric process in ATM machines.Sir,I think it will make easier and safer for every class people if one uses ATM machine with the help of his/her all five fingers or both eyes scaned by database in RBI instead of ATM cards.This process contains two steps login first one is biometric recognistion and second one is alphanumeric login through touch screen.kindly read my idea attched here.thanks
Abhishek Mishra
Engineer
0 0 Sir,
We the people really looking for corruption free india where each and every people trying to make money in illegal way if they have power or option to do so. We need to change mind set of every people. People who put there property for rent many cases either they are not providing PAN or asking to pay by cash. Even they are bluntly saying if not able to pay by cash just vacate the place. We have to engage civic bodies to make that payment through legal channel with accountable way.
0 0 There are difficulties for the people reaching KSR Metro, as the counter made for this purpose will normally have some or other issues. Hence I recommend to provide facility to get platform ticket through any non-cash payment using IRCTC or other Railway portals. SMS received itself can be treated as Platform ticket. This will facilitate public in general.
0 0 sir..
govt. should distribute cheap gadgets frm whch
studnts mainly rural could study e-books nd access various education purpose
and a cheap easy to use gadget shld b launchd for farmers or ny othr poor illiterate community for  digital  payments in  order to move india towards cashless economy
All aanganwadis nd schools shld educate ppl nd stdnts for using the gadgets ndceducate thm bout cashless economy
0 0 cash crunch and black money and PM appeal to be honest and purchase everything with bill.
1 0 With due respect, I would recommend the complete digitization og Indian Post Office. Even in modern era, they are not accepting the cheque payment of more than Rs.20000 however ready to accept the payment in cash.They should provide online facility like other banking system.It will help the Govt.in generating more revenues and connecting with more customers.
0 0 Sir.my e-mail is gsinghchauhan56@gmail.com and not GAJENDRASINGH_69. Please made necessary corrections.
1 0 Military training must be apart of Education System, which instill sense of discipline in young citizen of Bharat.
0 0 To create a digital world what we need first is the energy and there are lots of villages where people don't have electricity even today. In order to use the full capacity of the people residing there, we must promote the source of energy which do not require much investments and can be created from locally available resources like wind/water/sun/waste/Biogas. While promoting the industries we must focus on small scale skill development programs to train people to create tools for better economy
1 0 namaste sir
सर मेरा एक सुझव हे की प्रशाशनिक सेवा की तैयारी
करने बाले बहुत से विद्यार्थी जो एक दो अंकों से रह
जाते हे और इतना ज्ञान होने के बाद भी उनके पास
कोई काम नहीं होता।
यदि उन विद्यार्थियों को सरकारी स्कूल में शिक्षक
के रूप में भर्ती किआ जाए तो निश्चित ही स्कूल में
पड़ने वाले विद्यार्थी और प्रशानिक सेवा की
तैयारी कर चुके लोगो को दोनों को बहुत फायदा
होगा।
एक को नौकरी मिल जाएगी
और दूसरे को एक बहुत अच्छा और जानकार शिक्षक।
सर इस मुद्दे पर बहुत गहराई से सोचने की आवश्यकता
है।धन्यवाद्।
0 0 We need to put in place a robust & permanent mechanism for cyber security -ensuring safety of digital data,financial or otherwise.Setting up of effective &  foolproof cybersecurity framework will make adoption of e transactions that much more acceptable for the masses.ITexperts,cyberlaw experts,cyberpolice,Ministry for Cyber Security??,should be set up to this end.Also intntnl agency on lines of Interpol should be created for cyber security.
0 0 Sir now we have a great opportunity to make cashless India or digital India.it will stop corruption and terrorism in India .it is a good step for bright future for us.sir we are with you for this brave step .we are proud to be said our Pm is you
Jai hind
0 0 Input: Jittery videos being captured by UAV in real-time
Environment: C/C++
Solution 1: Using multiple cameras with same speed vertical error or horizontal error
We can use multiple cameras like if there are vertical or horizontal jittering then it can be resolved. We can easily combine
these images from cameras. like in first camera odd lines are jittery but even lines are not jittery and in second camera
even lines are jittery but odd lines Remaining in the image...
0 0 Ethical hacking of computers is now mainstream.The next stage is hacking of the biological neural signals and the brainwave.It will be possible to reconstruct all thoughts and biological vision of human beings from space/satellites but what is more challenging is the neural engineering/bioengineering of human beings using computational electromagnetics/computational physics.The time has come for India to spend heavily on research and development of neurotechnologies/psychotechnologies.
0 0 When will be HACKATHON Contest will be held and where....
0 0 Are You Ready For Cashless India ?? Let's See How Easy it is To Go Cashless !!!
Do Like Share and Comment !!!
0 0 https://youtu.be/mKEgVUq3F8I
Are You Ready For Cashless India ?? Let's See How Easy it is To Go Cashless !!!
Do Like Share and Comment !!!
2 0 there should be a TV channel of govt. where all parties ministers come in front of people and discuss on required issues.
and all parties do not accept Donation in Cash.
0 0 Sir,toll free number for greviance to be in place to report about shops / professionals discouraging cashless transactions. Ex clicnics and wholesale traders.
0 0 Sir, there need to be portal for public greviance where some people are discouraging cashless transactions. In Hyderabad private clinics and medical shops are asking only cash payments though they have capacity to go cashless. Pl address.
0 0 Sir when we go for any job it requires degree and practice in that field but to be a leader it is not necessary why?is an illiterate and inexperienced man should have post like mp,mla etc
0 0 Is this challenge only open to college students?
Can't working professionals participate?
0 0 HI
0 0 All government officials don't keep there cash at there own home they keep there blackmoney and important documents in lockers on other people's name huge number of lockers are occupied by this kind of people. Money's is converted into  gold diamond and dollar's which is mostly kept in bank lockers.
If a announcement of scanning lockers is made up will see huge lines in bank's.
This people's very easily access to this lockers . without lockers it's difficult to hide black money.
0 0 sir kindly do one solution for business development
1.one window solution for all licences like
  sales tax /GST ,PAN,BANK ACCOUNT OPENING ,FOOD LICENCE , DRUGS LICENCE,SERVICE TAX LICENCES ,CORPORATE LICENCE, SHOP AND ESTABLISHMENT,  Food Safety License
2. Health/Trade License
3. Eating House License
4. Environmental Clearance
5. NOC from Fire Department
6. Signage License.
7. Liquor License L-4 (L-17 according to new excise rule)
8. Playing of Music in Restaurants.
MAY OTHERS
0 0 Sir please start scaning all bank lockers as all money of government officials and political leaders are kept in bank lockers mostly co-operative banks u will find that many accounts are fake account if a common people goes for bank account they are said it is full because all lockers are packed for hiding all black money.
0 0 why I should be honest tax payer ?
0 0 Swiping machines to be introduced with Domestic LPG Distributors to ease the cash transactions
0 0 Sir, this is the need of time,that all banks should be inquired regarding the conversion of black money into white.It is true that bankers are working hard to help people in this difficult situation, but a significant number of these bankers,managers and staff is found involved in serious scams of converting money. These scams have  enough potential to turn whole of this scheme of demonetization into a failure.Sir entire country is with you,but don't let these crooks to defeat nation this time.
0 0 Sir, as the government want from citizens to move towards cashless modes of payment. Its become madatory to upgrade our banking hardware and software without any delay to save the citizens from online frauds. Otherwise this good initiative will be under questions. E.g. All the ATM's are working on windows xp which very prone to malware attacks. So kindly take initiative within no time.#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
Thank you.
0 0 Less cash economy ke liye sarkar KO sabhi se sujhao Lena chahiye.
                                       See attachment
0 0 Less cash economy ke liye sarkar KO sabhi se sujhao Lena chahiye.
                                       See attachment
0 0 Sir, on focus to Digital India Project. I would like to give ashort suggestion about cleanliness that should be the focused topic. As we all know that there are a lot of topics to focus. As i observed according to a student vision, there is no toilet, no dustbins found around us when we see our surroundings,so if a person wants heartly not to dispose waste on roads, etc.But forcefully have to do soo. Same in case of Toilets. If something could be done so we could find dustbins etc near us.#mygov
0 0 सरकार को 2000 और 500 के नोटों की छपाई बंद कर देनी चाहिए। क्योंकि ये सारे नोट black हो रहे है और सर्कुलेशन से बहार जा रहे है। सरकार को सिर्फ 50, 20, 10 के नोट ही छापने चाहिए। ये नोट छिपाये नहीं जा सकते। भारत की 80 से 90% जनता का काम इन्ही नोटों से चलता है। 10% लोग जिन्हें बड़े नोट की जरूरत होती है, उनके पास बैंक debit card, credit card ,online payment की सुविधा होती है और ओ इनका इस्तेमाल कर सकने में समर्थ होते है। 500 और 2000 के नोटों को धीरे धीरे बंद कर देना चाहिए।
0 0 सरकार को नोटबंदी को सफल बनाना है तो बैंको में हुई गड़बड़ी को पकड़ना पड़ेगा। सरकार को हर बैंक से ऐसे accounts की details लेनी चाहिए जिन खातो में PAN Card लिंक नहीं है, जो खाते 6 महीनो से operate नहीं हुए या फिर inactive थे, और जो account अभी अभी खोले गए है। क्योंकि इन खातो में ब्लैक money जमा की गयी है और नए नोट निकले गए है।
0 0 It is good that Smart India Hackathon is focussing on young minds from colleges. But it will also be useful if other organisations are allowed to participate. For example some of the initiatives which has been listed as Challenge Projects under Ministry of Steel can be done by us at RDCIS, SAIL. But we are not entitled to participate in this program
0 0 आम तौर पर देखा गया है की कुछ भारतीय मीडिया हाउस और कुछ भारतीय राजनेताओं द्वारा बिना सबूत के किसी पर आरोप लगा दिया जाता है ऐसी स्थिति में काम करने वाली मीडिया हाउस और राजनेता की छवि खराब करने के लिए असामाजिक तत्व धन बल का प्रयोग करते हैं| उचित होगा की ऐसे मीडिया हाउस का लाइसेंस रद्द हो और बिना आरोप लगाने वाले राजनेता को चुनाव लड़ने से अयोग्य ठहराया जाए और ऐसे राजनेता पर कड़ी कार्यवाही की जाए|
0 0 I have one plan to improve digital literacy of India.
In today's India, most of people are aware of electronic gadgets at least of mobile which means that they have fulfilled the initial prerequisite. But when the matter comes related to money, people becomes extra conscious and think about the negative impacts. It happens because either they haven’t tried the digital payment or they have heard of some cases that occurred many years back.
0 0 CBSE private schools does not accept fees digitally or through cheque. They accepts only cash
0 0 PM Ji, most of hospitals & shops till not accept digital payments. they accept only by cash. we expecting must digital payment for commercial can only solve this.
0 0 Aaj mai apne bank account me naye note jama karane gaya to bank ashcharya ho kar puchha aapko koi pareshani to nahi aap bank me naya note jama kara rahe ho. yahan sabhi purane note jama kara rahe hain. hame alag najar se dekh soch rahe the. aadhar no manga gaya uske baad mere 2 note 2000 wale jama hue.
isse aap samajh lijiye koi naya note lekar bank nahi aa raha ye bhi ek cash ki killat ka bada karan hai.
0 0 Aaj mai apne bank account me naye note jama karane gaya to bank ashcharya ho kar puchha aapko koi pareshani to nahi aap bank me naya note jama kara rahe ho. yahan sabhi purane note jama kara rahe hain. hame alag najar se dekh soch rahe the. aadhar no manga gaya uske baad mere 2 note 2000 wale jama hue.
isse aap samajh lijiye koi naya note lekar bank nahi aa raha ye bhi ek cash ki killat ka bada karan hai.
0 0 I havn't seen any advertisment teaching use of debit card for online payments, no ads for UPI, and how to use it. I think it is government responsibility to teach via TV ads., radio, and other media options.
0 0 Respected Sir
My thoughts
1. I appreciate that you have taken a great step to get the black money out.
2. The educated people support you have but because of money not availability is becoming more concern and everybody is trying to point the noble cause
3. I think betting the bringing the ATM's back will at the earliest and no with draw from bank will solve most of the problems. Please push he banks to upgrade the ATM's at the earliest help the fixing correction at banking
Thanks
Viswa
1 0 Respected PM sir,
I have one suggestion to safe guard the welfare of  Farmers and Soldiers of our country who are back bone of our country. To have a centralised common account in the name of Farmers and soldiers, so that who ever wants to donate let them transfer the money to their accounts respectively. The funds can be utilised for those who are suffering. ( For Eg. Incase of soldiers those who lost their lives or farmers those who lost their crops due to natural calamities or loan ineterst)
1 0 Sir My name is Arun Dixit, 13 December 2016 and attended the rally in Durg based RT JCO fist in my running group and we had the timing is 8 minutes but first group given time only 5.55 minutes only . After checking in the recruitment request RT JCO LET us, given the chance of running again. Whether you can see the video recordings he had engaged Cctv. Please help me
Arun Dixit
EK-530 scheme No.54 vijay nagar indore MP
Contact No. 9926041320
0 0 with respect to the reply received after submitting the details the team leader's name is missing
1 0 Sir, I hv 1 suggestion for National Property Registration.As part of digitisation of land and building records, all land during buying-selling shud be issued a unique ID no.linked with Aadhar & that land shud be GPS location tagged. ISRO sattelites can help us map & sync the whole of India with land recrds in realtime.Thus,no single piece of land can be fraudulently sold mult times & Benami prop can be identified & prosecuted.Digital India exerts can work on this unique idea
1 0 Dear PM Sir,As demonetisation has provided impetus for digital trasactions, its been felt & seen that some private e-wallet companies like oxigen,paytm, freecharge etc might be benifitting. This might earn a bad name for the Govt. My humble suggestion is that Govt should via its National Informatics Centre, MoFinance etc should launch a Govt owned e-wallet app similar to paytm which will not only restore faith&acceptance in digital payment but will also boost up govt credibilty on demonetisation
1 0 Good evening respected PM JI! see the attached file on demonetization.
0 0 मानवता समाप्त हो जायेगी तो क्या रह जायेगा !। ईश्वर की शपथ लेकर भारत शासन चलता है, राज्य शासन चलता है। किन्तु सही व्यक्ति के साथ सही न्याय नहीं हुआ, यह दुख की बात है। सभी Twitter (@VKYUAA) अवश्य देखें। यह एक गम्भीर मामला है।
0 0 With reference to #AIC7... where do we collect the sample data from?? #SmartIdniaHackathon2017
1 0 to open a retail 1 has to go wid registrations & a compulsion can be made that d firm has 2 take a POS machine & then only VAT/GST/TIN number can b issued, this wil force them 2 take POS otherwise ppl r smart enuf to avoid it as this wil make a compulsion on them to show the sales as it wil be documented in other records(i.e bank A/c). this can be done by the bank who can give a certificate of POS installation @ all the shops and Branches the firm owns before applyin for GST
0 0 कोई भी दुकानदार चेक लेने के लिए इसलिए घबराता हे क्योकि उसे पता नही होता की खरीददार के  अकाउंट में रकम हे भी की नही ,उसके लिए एक आसन रास्ता ये हे की दुकानदार चेक की फोटो खीच कर ifsc कोड के अनुसार दिए गये नंबर  पर whats app कर दे ,जैसे अगर ifsc कोड ibkl0000049 हे तो  चेक idbi bank,सिविल लाइन  के रायपुर ब्रांच का हे , तो दुकानदार idbi के रायपुर ब्रांच में whatsapp करेगा और फिर idbi बैंक वाला पहले देखेगा sign और अमाउंट की उपलब्धता को देखते हुए उतना अमाउंट फिर उतना अमाउंट ब्लॉक करके वो सूचित कर देगा
1 0 sir,
the revolution should not loose momentum...please use the army and air force to dispense cash to banks and atms across the country on a war footing.....we do want not loose this war against corruption...
0 0 With regards to #AIC1, a prediction market might be a better way to achieve the same.
0 0 With regards to #AIC1, a prediction market might be a better way to achieve the same.
0 0 when is the last date to register this hackathon?
0 0 TO DIGITISE FOR BANKING PLEASE LIMIT BANK ATM STILL 2500 FOR ONE ATM PER ATM CARD IF YOU NEED MORE GO ANOTHER THIS WILL STOP LOOTING AND THE ACTION STILL THROUGH ONE TO DIGITISE BECAUSE ONE WILL REACT MORE AND LEARN ONLINE TRANSACTION OR WILL ALSO VALUE FOR MONEY ALSO GOVT DECISION IS GOOD FOR MORE THEN 10000/- ONE SHOULD PAY BY CHECK OR ONLINE.
1 0 पंचायती चुनावों के कारण उपर तक की राजनीति दूषित है। स्‍वच्‍छता अभिियान जैसी अनेक योजनायें अयोग्‍य पंचायतों के कारण सफल नहीं हो रही है।
   गावों  के विकास के  लिए इन सभी काेे ध्‍यान में रखकर बजट तैयार करना अधिक लाभदायक है।
0 0 लोक रीति में लडकी को पिता की सम्‍पति, जमीन नहीं दी जाती, कानून में हक है। इसमें पारिवारिक क्‍लेश व कोर्ट की शरण में लड्किया जाने लगी। आधुनिक सभ्‍यता में संयुक्‍त परिवार प्रथा एक दो से अधिक संताने फायदेमंद नहीं है। विवाह के साथ ही पिता पुत्र की सम्‍पति में बंटवारा हो जाना चाहिए। पंचायत पर जितना खर्चा होताा है, बजट दिया जाता है। फायदा नहीं हो पाता। पानी के लिए जगह जगह टंकीया सुखी पडी है। छोटी छोटी टंकीयों की बजाय बडी टंकीया बनाकर पानी सप्‍लाई की जाये तो धन की बचत, जल व्‍यवस्‍था अच्‍छी होगी।
0 0 हमारे देश में न्‍याय लेना आसान नहीं हैै, किसानों की बर्बादी का यह एक बडा कारण है। बहुत कम किसानों के पास बडे खेत है अधिकांश के पास 2 से 5 कच्‍ची बीघा है। पगडंडी रास्‍ते व बंटवारा मुकदमाेे का मुख्‍य कारण है। आवारा पशुओं के नुकशान के भय से कंटीले पेड लगा रखे है अथवा तारों की मेड कर रखी है। सरकार 100- 200 बीघा पर पुख्‍ता कंटीीली तारों की मेड बनाने के लिए अपने बजट में प्रावधान कर बाकी शेष हटवाकर पगडंडी रास्‍ते बनादे तो मुकदमे बाजी कम होगी। पशुओं के नुकशान से सरकार की छवि खराब हो रही है बचेगी।
0 0 A small portable device...may be equal to the size of credit card, which would be thin also. Can be developed, which will be highly secure platform, where only authorized and govt stores banks-app, e-wallet app, digital locker, and other app, which will comfort from carrying physical leather wallet...cab be developed. A small camera, only for scanning QR code and finger print. device cost not more than lowest smartphone, NFC enabled for payment and gate passes.
1 0 The Digital India programme is a flagship programme of the Government of India with a vision to transform India into a digitally empowered society and knowledge economy. “Faceless, Paperless, Cashless” is one of professed role of Digital India.
As part of promoting cashless transactions and converting India into less-cash society, various modes of digital payments are available.
1 0 sir, the revolution should not loose momentum...please use the army and air force to dispense cash to banks and atms across the country on a war footing.....we do want not loose this war against corruption...
0 0 कुछ समय से यह देखा जा रहा है कि काफी लोग टैगलाइन या अंकित वाक्यो को काफी ध्यान देते है तथा साथ ही उन्हे सोशल मीडिया मे भी बढ चढकर शेयर करते हैं।
    माननीय जी से निवेदन है कि निम्न वाक्य को सरकार के "स्वच्छ भारत मिशन" की टैगलाइन बनाकर इसे सार्वजनिक स्थानो पर अंकित करवाये-
 "सार्वजनिक स्थान तथा सार्वजनिक उपयोग की वस्तु के प्रति आपका व्यवहार आपकी सभ्यता को दर्शाता है।"
  मेरा मानना है कि उपरोक्त वाक्य को पढ़कर बुद्धिजीवियो को सार्वजनिक वस्तुओ के प्रति सम्मान पैदा होगा।
0 0 To make India digitally strong . we have to first create an atmosphere to avoid talent going out of the country.U.S has encashed talents from all over the world. The success is because of insecurity for immigrants. They are always kept on toes to perform. No reservations,no politics,importance to work ethics,forced to update knowledge year to year, access to programs to update capability, no room for the word 'not possible'. You take any software company in US
Indians share is max in success.
0 0 Sir,
Recently you mentioned that highest number of court cases in India is of payment related like cheque bounce, I have a solution to this.
Most of these cases happen with current account holders and no current account can be opened by bank without PAN CARD, what merchant do is that they open number of current account with different bank and issues cheque and  keep funds. In this case bank should inform  RBI about acc no. and PAN CARD and RBI should freeze bank acc opened with that pan card
0 0 Proving with data how Rs. 3000 per week cash withdrawal limit would make demonetisation smooth. Three of my suggestions among RBI/gov's new measures.
1 0 the biggest deterrent in adoption of digital payments is that all the new schemes(like AEPS etc which provide cheaper transaction costs and faster settlement)have been given exclusively to banks.While europe is moving to an open banking architecture, India although ahead in its backbone payments infrastructure is limiting competition and  innovation because it is banks who have exclusive right to provide these services.Suggest you open up APIs of AEPS to registered 3rd party players
1 0 Dear sir,
Today our club(young sporting,Nayattupara) has conducted class on internet banking,mobile banking etc with the help SBT Sreekandapuram branch, kannur, Kerala.nearly 50 village people from different age groups participated and interaction was good.If these type of activities can be done with the help of banks,different clubs,resident organisations,it will help to increase confidence for those dont have this utility and promote cashless economy
0 0 Sir,
I would like to inform that in Gorakhpur(U.P.),I don,t know its rumor or correct but there is news that some banks(their managers etc) are making black money as white by taking some part of it, this would have occured when money was exchanged on I.d.
0 0 change all the village, city LED lamp it will save light/electricity in large amount. I am giving you idea because in my house all bulbs are of LED. Please try to do change in ligt.
1 0 Dear Sir, Please make it mandatory for all house owners to collect their rent through online or cheque only, whatever may be the amount. House owner not providing any PAN number and they take rent only through cash. It has also been observed that people take home loan and construct building for rent purpose and they also take tax rebate. By doing so, more bank account will be opened and it will help to reduce black money. Thank you
1 0 RESPECTED PM SIR,
I KNOW YOU AND YOUR TEAM CAN CHANGE THE FINANCIAL YEAR LIKE 1JAN TO 31 DEC..
SO I HAVE REQUEST TO YOU PLEASE PRINT THE EXPIRY IN NEW CURRUNCY,
WE HAVE DO IN THESE TYPE OF STEP TO BIGGEST CURRUPTION ARE STOP BECOUSE OF NO ANY ONE PERSON TO STORE MORE THAN EXPIRY TIME,
EXPIRY DATE IS LAST UP TO 31 DEC IN EVERY YEAR,
MERE PASS IS SUJHAO KI PURI DETAILS HAI,KI AISA KYU KARNA HE OR KAISE KARNA HAI,
AGAR AAP MUJHE SIRF 10MIN DE, PLZ GIVE ME ONE CHANGE TO INDIA...
1 1 A good number of seizures of hoarded new currency have been made.  While this process is to be continued we have to ensure that the seized currencies are again put to circulation with out keeping the same in the vaults of seizing agency as seized property for legal proceedings to follow which is time consuming.  This will ease the currency shortage to that extend which is the need of the hour.This can be done by depositing the amount in the Treasury/RBI/Bank etc.with valid acknowledgement.
1 0 Hi All
Our govt schools are not able to reach the goals of our education system. To address this, I have shared my thoughts in attached PDF file. My proposal will be beneficial to students, teachers and to increase collaboration between industry and education institutions for real life problem solving in the long term
0 0 Idea to make Economy Cashless faster:
There are lakhs of Degree colleges in Our Country:
BCA,BSC,BBA,Bcom,MBA,MCA,MSC,M.tech etc and many more degree students across country.
Make digitization Class as Part of academy "Financial Inclusion" or any other name :
Idea:
Students should learn how to use ATM/Banking/Chequebooks/DD/MO etc all paper/paperless transactions and they have to train public as their project work.
one class of their academics should be  "financial inclusion" Class whe
0 0 Hon’ble PM Sir,
Why dishonesty has taken roots in our social life is because our education system doesn't speak about the power of honesty & also parents are not interested in making their children honest & upright citizen of this country. So some technology or medicine is required to be supplied to each household in our country to make India of your dreams.
4 0 Respected PM Sir,
Hats off for your action against black money. I would like to share my thoughts to stop corruption happening in Banks.
like if RBI fits display in every bank for customers where customers will know exactly how much amount the bank getting form RBI, and how the bank distributing to the customers.
Then the common people and RBI can keep track on that bank.
0 0 Hon’ble PM Sir,
The scheme of demonetisation of currency is nothing but weeding out of corruption which has taken roots in all institutions & also in all spheres of life. The scheme is being derailed by banks let them be PSB's are private sector banks & this is the reason that  corrupt and influential people have been able to hoard  the bundles of new currencies at the cost of poor peoples life. Co-operative sector banks almost in all states are busy in converting old currencies of politicians.
0 0 I think the New currency should have come with expiry date and QR code. The Mobile application can be used to easily identify the fake currency by scanning the QR code. And the currency which is going to expire will surely come back to banking system. Modi G has to take a strong action who betrayed the nation (who has black money and those who are helping the black money holders to exchange their money) on demonetization move. Otherwise the people who are supporting this move will be disappointe
1 0 corruption is not so easy to remove ,till date what income -tax has do regarding attached news
0 0 demonetisation is a good move once implemented mercilessly without loopholes blocking effectively all hoarders/hackers
Hoarders are always shrewder; as much as possible they exchanged specified bank notes thro vulnearable public across counter/ PMJDY account; illegal exchange goes unabated; hoarding in new currency in crores seized is only tip of iceberg; much more is hoarded in new note; unscrupulous bank staff from top to bottom and cash hamdling agencies for ATM are the cause;
plug;punish.
0 0 I would suggest the concept of STD kiosks. These Kiosks became redundant after Mobile revolution. Now the same concept can be revived for making digital payments to help those not literate with digital environment. A small fee may be charged for every transaction made through these kiosks.
0 0 System should be developed so that, broker can deduct TDS for short term capital gain (as done by banks for interest on savings account and FDs) in transaction of equity, debt, mutual fund etc and submit the information to tax department. The adjustment can be made during the ITR filing.
0 0 The PAN card can be issued along with birth certificate as a mandatory document. For all accounts in Banks(including Jan dhan and co-operative bank Accounts), PAN Card should be made mandatory document. The PAN card for all family members shall be linked.
Once system is established, all the information for all bank accounts for one PAN card can be traced easily.
0 0 6, impose tax for everyone but as low as possible.
7. Give open permission to start any business. If any fault found , give 2 opportunities to change so, else cancel the  permission till it satisfies the necessities.
8, Make some credit services to get the machines or fixed assets , to the new entrants in the business.
               If we could able to do all these things without any discrimination or partiality, it will give up a  high impact towards the Indian economy!!
1 0 Respected Hon'ble Prime Minister,
1. Demonetisation effects only if it done after ensure sufficient exchange.
2. Why can't we collect national debt from the citizens of India like small amounts with different payment methods? What if national debt decrease?
3, It is better to make sufficient and effective code of laws and ban politics from the country? Actually why we need politics?
4,We need equity not equality!
5, Ensure Good laws for effective and speedy decisions from the Court.
0 0 For effective implementation of cashless and corruption-less economy two pills are required:
1. Limiting cash transaction to Rs.20,000 per transaction and
2. Limiting the maximum cash one can hold in their household/business premise to Rs.50,000
Above this ceiling, an enterprise may apply for higher cash holding limiting by applying for the same with a fee say Rs.10/lakh.
This will not only reduce cash requirements but also helps income tax officials to settle cases of illgotten money easily
2 0 Respected Sir PM,
I have a great solution to end the corruption of these 2000 notes also. Many rich men and tycoons have stashed money by changing old notes with new notes of 2000. My recommendation is demonetize 2000 notes also just like 500-1000. Those who have withdrawn 2000 rs notes can deposit their money into bank. The amount person has withdrawn or exchanged can be deposited in bank but not more than that.
I hope such solution can aid to destroying black money.
#EndBlackMoney
0 0 Everyday we saw that crore of New money with old currency found as black money and this black money exchanged by the bank.it means govt do good effort but the bank employees or others don't govt have to take step for them because atlast the only the govt will responsible for this. 
Here is the suggestion that The new currency issued by the RBI to the bank RBI have the record that how much amount they send to a specific centre so atlast the govt just want to take the accounts of that rupeest t
0 1 Respected sir,
Assign job responsibility to opposition parties sothat they  can work SMART way in parliament instead of oppose for right things.
You are doing well sir but time is less hence think about population control and cast free environment just humanity is only one cast.
Please adapt ahinsa dharm like Mahatma Gandhi for Pakistan issue
0 1 Another most important thing in the conversion of rural areas into cash less areas is, WE MUST ENSURE THAT THEY RECEIVE ALL THEIR EARNINGS/PAYMENTS BY DIGITAL MODE ONLY, all Govt and Pvt sector bodies should make all payments to the villager by Digital mode only, beginning with, making all APMC markets, mandis and any trader who buys agri products, must to go 100 % Cash les, this will lead to immediately conversion of a huge transaction amount into DIGITAL Currency, details in pdf attached
..
3 0 "Suggestion Regarding Black Money Seizures". Present time is very crucial for taking measures to seize Black Money, and this process can be speeded up instantly and rapidly, by introduction and mass advertising of a scheme - "Desh Ka Sipaahi" With a slogan saying - "Inform about black money, and get 10 percent of seized black money as A Reward" for becoming 'Desh Ka Sipaahi', "And the name of the informer must be kept secret". More details in the pdf attached....
0 1 Create a big tower of concave glass lenses such that it forms a big ice cream like cone. The bottom being a big concave lens. This will come the all the solar light and heat to produce a temperatures greater thN several hundred degrees that can be focused on sea water to boil the same. The vapour thus produced will be collected at greater heights to convert a source of potential energy that can generate electricity. Salt will be left in the sea and clean water can served in coastal farms.
0 0 Mandate solar panels over every light and heavy motor vehicles. They will give shield from solar heat there by reducing air conditioning use. Also they will protect from rain, dirt and rust. Also they will reduce fuel consumption and thus promote a clean environment. Every solar panel can also charge reusable batteries that can support electrical and electronic equipment. Jai Hind.
4 0 Replace all Taxi Meters and Auto Rickshaw Meters with those Digital Meters that have Swipe Machines to generate a bill from source to destination. Mandate this on all Taxi and autos across India.
1 2 Jitne bhi aadhar no. se transactions honge woh saare a/c post office KO Di jaaye taaki hamare post office financially majboot ho. Post office gramin ilaakon me uplabdh hai jiska faayda gramino KO milega aur bank on par iskaa atirikt bhaar nahi padega
0 0 Respected sir,
                 First of hats off for your action and contribution for India.I would like to share my thoughts towards helping villagers and peoples of northeast to contribute towards it.my views are listed as in file attached
2 0 Respected PM Sir,
I want to submit my suggestion regarding the Vehicle Registration in India.
The State code in Vehicle Registration No. should be abolished as it reflects diversity or a sort of division of a single nation into multiple entities rather all the vehicles across India should start with a single code to reflect a feeling of single nation.
Secondly, the road tax, which is once in a lifetime tax, should be valid across whole nation rather than a particular state.
0 0 Payments not received for the contributors shame on digitizeindia.gov.in
0 0 On DigitizeIndia.gov.in  Platform when Snippets entered counter is not working properly after some count it stopped,As well When the Reports Generated characters not updating since 25/11/2016.till the Date Before that site is not working and was under maintenance from 15/11/2016 still till the date site was not working properly always have Message Snippets Exhausted .So from 15/11/2016 csc team have not get any solution or not having any solution don’t you think this is ridicules
0 2 Sir ,yah sujhav hai behtar shiksha ke liye.
Hr subject ki test lene se achha sirf imp subject ki test le jo hamare future ke liye jaruri hai ex. Science,maths ,lnguage aur baki subject ex.history,bhugol,Enviournment yah subject sirf story ke madhyam se digital swaroop me dikhaye...ispe koi test nhi honga yah sirf h
jankari hone ke liye dikhaye...aur kuch subject future ki awarness ke liye chhoti chhoti film ke madhyam se bachpn se dikhaye...
1 0 Dear PM,
Regarding Demonetization, few ideas to share:
1.In the Banks who are given more loans to politicians or officers they might be more closer in relation and might be involved in taking commission and converting black money to white.They must be tracked and punished.
2.Kindly do the audits of the banks in district level,hobli level for every two weeks by IT, RBI officers only.
3.Kindly start the HELPLINE,TUTORS..etc for villagers,farmers,poor people to make use of cashless trasnsaction
0 0 Dear Sir,
Regarding Demonetization, few ideas to share :-
1.I am from South India, daily one or the other person is caught in transporting more than 5 lacs of 2000Rs notes from one region to another by Polices.If they are involved such activities, kindly punish them and ask the IT or RBI to take all these cash immediately give to the bank.This can be utilized by common man in the ATMs or from Banks .
2.Most of the Bank managers who are especially in Metro cities should be tracked.
1 1 Dear sir you may stop cash transaction at alcohol outlets and  direct to use only electronic medium to buy liqor.
2 0 Sir,
First of all I would like to thankyou for this great step which is a mild stone for growth of our nation.But still there is some point I want to discuss which is imp to make digital india....
1. we have lots of option for online payment, but public is get confused that in which one he can trust..let make a single app like e violet which is authorized by GOI so that we can trust on it.
2.link all the e violet by adhar card which is compulsary for all.
0 1 Mr.PM,I see the struggle of peopl wihdrawing cash from ATM&Bank.
With deep of sense of interest I would like to say one of my ideas,
Once you filled the ATM's of all bank branches everyday then people would not go to bank and stand for one day.
Even standing in queue for 3 hours they just go off because of the in sufficient money.
I will be so grateful when you look into this issue.
Thank you in advance.
1 0 Make Aadhar card and all other card combined and make it compulsory to show Aadhar card for all transaction. Make a system where people show their Aadhar card and can avail entry
2 1 Dear Mr. PM
I am salaried employee i have spent 20 % of salary to rent paid. my landlord don't accept cheque or online transfer. this is not my only problem lots salaried employee face the same problem.
My landlord give me ultimatum to pay amount in cash otherwise leave my flat.
kindly pass the law to insist the the all rent will accept only in bank.
if you do so then my observation 30 % cash less transaction completed one tranche.
pl do urgently. otherwise lost my job
2 0 Respected PM sir,
Idea for cash less transactions.change adhar as Identity and cash less transaction card(swipeing card). Transfer money adhar to adhar.we can reduce black money. Can transfer money from adhar to bank also.finer print must provide security for secure transaction.
Thank you for giving this opportunity
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Towards Delhi and other city air pollution control, I have put up a thought for an active solution, with some engineering thought along with some available Delhi statistical data. I am attaching my ideas in the form of pdf file. If you would feel that this would work for us in Indian cities, we would be more than glad to engineer and implement this.
0 0 Sir,I want that,I co- operate in digital india online transactions process and whole your works.
 I want to be part of your team.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, jaisa ki Banks black money white karne me involve hai.aur checking ho rahi hai .its good but first of all gramin regions me situated banks ki checking ki jaye ye long sCale par b_money white kar rahe hai.aur checking 9th Nov ke paas ki jaye because in this period manoy black money convert into white. Banks received Rs. And withdrawal Rs. A/c holder or change rupees . Also check students schlorship a/c account money student use his account to convert black money .withdrawal in month.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
It seems the bureaucracy has failed the government in implementing the currency regularisation efforts. This needs an intelligent effort and the partners in mismanagement should never be spared .
0 0 everyday 6 girls are raped in Delhi
2 0 सरकार सिर्फ आम आदमी से उमीद कर रही है कि डिजिटल पेमेंट से जुड़े लेकिन सरकार के कितने ही डिपार्टमेंट हैं जो कॅश में आम आदमी से पैसा लेते हैं जिस में सरकारी अफसर ही धान्दली करते हैं. मैं सरकार को सुजाव देना चाहता हूँ कि महाराष्ट्रा बॉर्डर के RTO चेक पोस्ट पर पुरा पैसा कॅश में वसुल किया जाता है जिस में बहुत घोटाला हो रहा है RTO ऑफिसर नकली recipet दे रहे हैं जो ओर थोड़ी असली जिस से सरकार को रेवेनु लोस हो रहा है इन सभी चेक पोस्ट पर सरकार pos मशीन क्यों नहीं लगाती.बाकी स्टेट बॉर्डर का भी यही हाल है
0 1 The ATMs of all the banks should be updated within this month to patch the latest security vulnerabilities? This process should be outsourced since bank employees are already burdened. A daily target should be set.
This suggestion is in view of following article:
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/you...
0 1 बैंक वालो की जाँच होनी चाइये क्योकी कही आदमी 2000 के लियी घंटो लाईन में लगा है कही 2000 के करोडो नोट पकडे जा रहे है बिना बैंक वालो के ये कैसे सम्भव है कुछ कार्यवाइ करिये प्रधान मंत्री साब और हां आप को बता दू घूसखोरी और बड़गाईं है 2000 के नोट आ जाने से जो पहले घूस ले रहे थे अब 2000 के नोट में घूस ले रहे है
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी
सबसे पहले जिसकिसी आदमी का एक से ज़्यादा बैंक में अकाउंट हो उनका एक ही अकाउंट नम्बर होना कहिये खासकर आधार नंबर ही अकाउंट नंबर हो जाना  चाहिए साथ ही मोबाइल नंबर भी एक ही होना चाहिए सरकार को ऐसा e-wallet  बनाना चाहिए जो हर बैंको के लिए कमान हो जैसे नोट काम करते है तभी कैशलेस इंडिया बनपायेगा। ऐसी तकनीक विकसित करनी होगी जिसमे बिना इन्टरनेट के भी धन का आदान प्रदान हो सके अभी मौजूद *99# में बहुत कमी है यह सुविधा सिर्फ और सिर्फ 3 सेटप की होनी चाइए
1 0 नमस्कार प्रधानमंत्री जी 
आप का फैसला सराहनीय है पर जनता परेशान भी बहुत है कैशलेस भारत का सपना पूरा होने के लिए बहुत प्रयास करना होगा सबसे पहले गाओ और देश के दूर दराज़ के इलाके के बारे में सोचा होगा जहां अभी तक आधारभूत सुविधाओ की कमी है उसके बाद तकनीक को भी विकसित करना होगा कैशलेस भारत बनाने के लिए सरकार को को अनपढ़ गरीब आदमी को ध्यान में रख कर नीतिया बनानी होगी और दुकानदारों को भी जागरूक करना होगा दुकानदार ग्राहक को नगद के अलावा भुगतान का कोई दूसरा माद्यम नहीं देते खासकर छोटी जगहों पर
0 0 What is the time elapsed for coding? Please do mention the time elapsed for the coding process. Thank you for who replies.
Do the needful.
1 0 Sir,
Decision on demonetization is good but the people having big chunk seem to get away by adopting alternative measures, we only see common people waiting in queues for money. Just my one cent on the process, please also add some check points in statutory audits of banks related increase in account openings, sudden increase in QABs, draft purchase and cancellations and cash receipts/positions during this period. Inconvenience suffered by common man should not go waste.
Thanks
2 1 Dear P.M.Sir
     TOPIC- HOW TO INCREASE TRUST OF INDIAN CITIZEN IN ONLINE TRANSACTIONS
MY SUGGESTION- R.B.I. ko paytm/freecharge ki tarah hi ek e-payment software banana chahiye, jo BHARAT SARKAR ke aadheen ho jisme poori security features ko add kiya jaye aur sabse avashyak yadi koi online FRAUD hota h to sarkar uski jimmedari le.
         PLEASE THINK ABOUT IT.....
0 1 Dear sir I have an idea to solve a problem on demonitisation.i think my idea gives a permanent solution to this.I think it must be confidential.I can explain my idea when I personally met you.so please give me a chance and let me a part in developing economy
1 0 Now a days  government major challenge is diverting people from doing their transactions through electronic form from liquid cash...if we acheive that it wil helps nation so much..k most of the people have smart phones in urban areas there is no problem with those people..what about rural areas? It is really a challenging thing to divert them..for that people we have to develop a small equipment with nominal investment ..it is neither a smartphone nor a gadget...a small electronic transaction to
1 0 Why everyone should support total cashless economy - at least for hygiene
as the currency-notes are biggest carrier of infectious diseases...
How:
Read my complete analysis -
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1268830963178544&id=10...
0 1 Permanent Foolproof solution against black money in India.  Kindly see my submission in attached file.
0 0 I have the honour to dedicate the words of Samuel Johnson on Alexander Pope in this way:
" If Modi be not a PM,where is India to be found?" If India is to be smart, the creator must be
smarter. John Keats says," Heard melodies are sweet; But those unheard are sweeter". I strongly
feel that you are smarter and sweeter. No doubt, you are very steady in every step. I will be the happiest person in the world,if I receive a response from you, Sir.
1 0 Modi sir
Regarding cashless country, in Japan there are lot of credit companies where NEW users get cash back award, n that cash back can be used for only online transactions only, to lure new customers to go cashless.
Otherwise point system as award can also be added to first 10 (say) transactions.
E.g. EPOS credit card company in Japan offers 8000 yen point present to new customers.
2 1 Sir i request to you please order to bank. for upgrade their system for cashless transition because in now days after a demonetization. When people try to do cashless transition their amount debit but not transfer to Marchant so kindly say to bank for upgrade their system to appreciate cashless transition
1 1 Sir,
one suggestion to control black money-   Cash money  should not be allowed for above ₹50000 transactions. all transactions above ₹50000 must be done by online fund only and bill must contain transaction id/number on it. Service charge for online transaction should be zero or minimal.
2 0 Govt should start taking money by card swiping machine in various depts i.e Railway ticket counter, various tax depts, etc. apart from online facilities.
First Govt should set example by making all dept cashless to promote cashless.
4 0 Respected sir, Is it possible for doctors (general practitioners) to accept the money thru electronic transactions. Currently v pay them using cash depending on the treatment. In order to curb black money it will be better to keep track of all this transactions electronically. Thank you.
1 0 Respected Sir,
I am living in rented house in Urban city from past 10 years  and could afford to own house yet. There are few points  wanted to share.
* Most of the rented house owners need rent/water/maintenance charges in cash.
* People are not allowed to claim HRA as they cannot get House Owner PAN Number.
* Most of the time people may have to leave their rented house because of unusual hike in rent.
Suggestion: Moving Rented house/Flat Owner to Cashless will help curb corruption
0 2 Sir
Axis bank Ki taraf se mujhe msg aa  raha hai aur woh mujhe dear customer karke sambodhit kar rahe hai jabki axis bank me mera koi a/c nahi hai mera pehle new jagdamba mobiles (tin no-18640129094) jiska tinsukia SBI bazar branch me a/c hai. Maine firm close kar diya hai aur file bhi.
Ek baar Maine dost Ki salah par 5-6 saal pehle is bank ke agent se baat Ki thi aur usne form bhi diya tha magar mujhe yaad nahi Ki Maine uspe sign karke use diya tha ya nahi. Bank me bhid hai kahan pata karu
1 0 Honorable P.M. I have a suggestion regarding Cashless India movement. Common people who work in service sector have no problem going cashless, but real problem is most of the shop owners across India are still not ready to adopt change. They still don't provide any digital gateway.
 My suggestion is if you make it compulsory rule for shop owners who have shop act license to provide at least one digital gateway for transaction, then it will definitely give boost towards cashless India
0 0 Sir,after demonetization  it is observed that poor and middle class people are suffering and new currency notes are easily circulated to rich people it is a cause of concern,so kindly stop printing of new currency and fix accountability about delivery of new currency notes in wrong hand or print plastic currency only for 500/2000 notes.
0 1 *99# mode can really help India go cashless. Rural people, auto, cab, maid, milkman, sweet shop, kirana, elderly are not comfortable with wallets or credit cards. In 'Mann ki Baat' emphasis can be given to this mode of payment; requesting people to open bank a/cs and get mmid pins. Also make bank a/c vital for citizenship. Or give incentives of insurance etc to make these people open bank a/cs. Regards
0 0 Jai Hind
I was going through different payment modes. Most of us have credit or debit cards to pay in malls. Netbanking for online bill payments. But how to pay auto, cab, maid, milkman, sweet shop, kirana etc? Most of them are not educated. They do not have bank accounts. There are so many ewallets. We cannot download all.
I found the *99# mode the easiest to pay these people. All it requires in a phone, bank account, MMID number & pin. It does not require internet.
0 1 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री,
डिजिटल इंडिया के संबंध में आप को एक सुज़ाव देना चाहता हूँ । ग़रीब, किसान, मज़दूर, पीछडे लोग जो आज तक इ-बैंकिंग से वंचित रहे है उनके लिए इस समय भी डिजिटल सेवा का उपयोग करना थोड़ा नही पर ज़्यादा कठीन है । तो मेरे ख्याल से उन लोगो के लिए बैंक के एटीएम में एक हेल्पर होना चाहिए और एटीएम कार्ड में पिन की जगह फ़िंगरप्रिंट का विकल्प उपलब्ध करवाया जाए ताकि अनपढ़ लोग भी एटीएम से पैसे निकाल सके ।
जो एग्जिस्टिंग एटीएम है उनके अलावा "मददगार एटीएम" का कांसेप्ट लाया जाये।
0 1 Namasthe Modi Sir. Heard your speech in Gujarat yesterday 10/12/2016. Sir, i am sure you would have come across AGNIHOTRA that needs dried cow dung cakes and cow's ghee. A procedure that is done at the times of sunrise & sunset. Lots of scientific articles are there regarding the benefits of doing this homa on daily basis by every individual. i am practicing that& my family's medical bill is almost zero. So many countries are doing this vedic method & the whole project will help the atmosphere
1 0 We have a concept of PUC. However, this is the most corrupted department. I have often observed, the issuers of PUC do not check the pollution level of the vehicle and provide them the PUC certificate. I observed many diesel cars, trucks and buses throwing BLACK smoke and making hard to take breath. People do not understand, that the vehicle and petrol/diesel is theirs, but not the AIR. They do not have right to pollute it. Strict action required on this.
2 0 Dear Sir,initiative by Mr Nilekani will take time.In the meantime bank may be tasked to ensure
1. 100% debit card distribution.
2. At least 80% credit card distribution.
3. Distribution of Card swiping machines and scanner codes to vendors within the branch area. This may be made timebound.
4. Setting up of kiosks on information on digital payments where volunteers can assist poor,illiterate and the less tech savy.
This is the make or break movement for the country.
Deep Regards
3 0 Sir, I-T raids and seizing of money and gold is trending in news now.point is that I-t are seizing unaccounted money of new 2000 notes in large values. How they are getting these much of new notes while there is limit of taking money from bank. its clear that bank officials are involved in this.without their involvement it is impossible. every bank branches in country should be checked and proper punishment is must for them.
1 1 Respected sir,
meea bank a/c sbi mai hai mai net banking mai judna chahta hu mai apna mbl no register karna chahta hu par atm machine se nhi ho ho raha hai dusra option home branch hai kya current city mai sbi ki branch se mbl no register ho jaye asa kuch rule banane ki kirpa kare....
jai hind....i support digital india
0 0 Speed of online services should also increase, and any solutions for cash less should be based mostly on SMS's instead APPS. *99# facility is nice.
0 0 Sir, Most of the training can be done through banks and post office, but in initial stages some one responsible to attend the issues and trainers are at each bank ad post offices are required. And who ever uses technology in wrong way and makes frauds are to be punished quickly and strongly. As like as gas bookings , cash withdrawals should happen, SMS booking for cash with drawl & allotment of slot, or else delivery of cash to home with paid service charge.
0 1 this is a very good decision for india becoming a cashless country.now we will use card instead of cash, but this is possible when bank give credit/debit cards to customer. just i want to give one example of myself, i.e- i am working in tata steel as a permanent employee since 2008,my gross salary is rs:36000/- , net salary is more than rs:25000/-, but state bank is refused to give me a credit card where my salary account in SBI since 2008.
so plz take necessary action for cashless success
2 0 Honourable  Modiji It appears to me that you have divine power to motivate people in the path of better days. May I request you to appeal to teaching community spare their time to educate rural and uneducated people how to use their mobile phone for cash transactions, the dream of digital India will be accomplished only if we can train our people. I believe your one word request can really change India.
1 0 Parents are living gods. Bharath matha is the sacred land of Ram and Buddha .our parents need social justice and protection . Those who cruelly abandon their parents and treating brutally should be punished by government and make more laws to protect them.This is an important issue that I say in Human rights day
0 0 I ensure my gratitude to PM's office interference in sabarimala. I am waiting for reply from state department in relating with the development of sabarimala. addition to this I share an important issue that the brutality against the poor parents in our society. cruel sons and daughters abandon their parents in front of temples and other places. I am seriously saying this matter on the basis of " Nadathallal in Guruvayoor temple Kerala. poor parents have no shelter and a serious national issue
1 0 अभी जैसा मोदीजी कैश लेस भारत की कहते हैँ तो क्या सभी राज्योँ की बस परिवहन सेवा मे टिकिट का लेन देन कार्ड के द्वारा ( बस मे कण्डक्टर से ) करने की विधा विकसित की जा सकती है . क्योँकि अभी तक मेरे जैसे कई व्यक्ति हैँ जो लाइन मे खडे होने की बजाय कैश लेस व्यवहारोँ मे ज्यदा यकीन करते हैँ . यह व्यवस्था ओन लाइन तो है लेकिन यदि कोई व्यक्ति किसी छोटे स्टेण्ड से बस या ट्रेन मेँ यात्रा करता है तो उसे नगदी की समस्या होगी . इसी तरह पे टी एम जैसी व्यवस्था आम आदमी कैसे प्राप्त करे
0 1 Dear Sir,
govts drive towards cashless economy is welcome. However, one is dismayed to notice that since the last few days, the laptops of Doordarshan newsreaders carry a logo of PayTM. Advertisements on DD TV is ok, but has it to be on the newsreaders laptops, which gives a misleading  impression of govt favouring one company ? The logo should be changed, may be with a govt or PSU advertisement.
0 1 Dear PM Sir,
Even if I am the billionth person to do so, let me congratulate and thank you for the most decisive step to demonetise some currency notes. You have again very correctly taken the opportunity to encourage cashless transactions in the country. However, it is seen that stress is almost entirely on various digital modes of payment. Why ignore good old cheques ? Suitable measures to counter act cheque bounce should be taken to encourage cheque payments.
0 0 Modi Sir
My Suggestion may not be relevant, but still i want to make it. This is regarding controlling black money. May not be much interesting, I request you to please check the attachment for more information. 
Jai Hind
0 1 Dear Sir,
        All Gov. Subsidies and Benefits should be made available in respective citizens bank Account Only .We should move towards abolishing the PDS system currently much of the benefits gets siphoned off.Make available gov Coupons of various denominations to pay gov. appointed third party contractors so that revenue generated is not siphoned off by them.Economically marginalized section could be encouraged to move towards digital transactions by offering cheap Life Insurance.
0 1 no need to tax sale of house again and again. it add cost to basic necessities. transfer cost of expensive car( crores) attract only 100/- while one lac house attract a duty of 6000/- plus other charges.....this is injustice
1 0 sir my suggestion are :
Deposite all the money seized/confiscate back in banks for circulation. as of now money kept throughout India kept in  mal khanas of investigative agencies and lying idle and extra liability and staff to look after.(2nd idea)let the vehicle manufacture kept the sale/ownership data regarding each vehicle sold by them such as mobile phone sale/purchase is company/individual responsibility(3rd idea)incentivise the digital payment(4th idea) reduced the stamp duty to lowest.
0 1 Dear sir,
I am a small businessman having small factory in Jamnagar. Let us form such a rule that richer person (with income of 15 thousand per month) can not transect in case except a few limit of cash, other below from that criteria have few more limit. In this regard we can bend in to cashless transaction.
0 0 dear sir,
i am working in saudi arabia for the last 8 years....here in kingdom last year they made a declaration that all the mobile numbers are to be linked with finger print so that it will be more authentic and can be easily tracable.this can be done only through government certified agencies only.. why can't we make one such move in india sir? only people like you can do this...now it is very easy to get the sim cards in india for any one...appreciate your understanding in this regard..
0 1 Hello sir I write this because every office don't worry about the human life and human rights because office timing is above 10 hour or 11 hour a day...  Do something for human rights and that boy who want to study and job both in a day.  But however offices don't give holidays for exams and they give works 11 hour a day to us.... Kindly please do something for 8 hours working time a day for every office because we don't have our growth and the private offices don't care about us
0 1 When we deposit any cheque to bank, we have to fill and attach respective bank's slip/challan along with the cheque. If we change the design of the cheque to include MICR of the bank (where the cheque will be deposited) and account number of the depositor, then there will be no need to attach anything else to the cheque. These newly added two fields will be filled up by depositor while depositing the cheque to his/her bank account.
This will help reduce administrative efforts and save paper.
0 1 When we deposit any cheque to bank, we have to fill and attach respective bank's slip/challan along with the cheque. If we change the design of the cheque to include MICR of the bank (where the cheque will be deposited) and account number of the depositor, then there will be no need to attach anything else to the cheque. These newly added two fields will be filled up by depositor while depositing the cheque to his/her bank account.
This will help reduce administrative efforts and save paper.
0 1 dear sir,
it would be a great idea if you could provide JAN ANDROID MOBILE PHONE at very low cost for poor people of India and it should be linked to their JAN DHAN account. facility of emi from their account should be given to purchase these mobiles. Some good, gov app and user freindly for easily transaction should be installed. if these mobile can be issued from nationalised bank directly against the JAN DHAN addount no. then it would be better option. It will be a step for cashless India.
0 0 dear sir,
advise scintists to re design the atm  & computers & mobile phone , to regognise human thump impression & adar number / PAN number & eye prints, so that not even debit / credit / any other  card required to transfer / remit/ deposit money.....plz think of cashless / cardless future india...future world .....
0 0 I have been tracelling from Mysore Border (Bavali) to Calicut, Kerala via Mananthavadi, Kalpetta, Narikkuni and then Calcut.  I approached many petrol pumps on way to fill fuel, using my debit card.  To my surprise, none was accepting debit card and want to do transaction in cash only.  In the interest of the people,  in the present situation,  all petrol pumps must accept plastic currency and not insist for cash.  Please look into this.  Last week, I talked to HP authorities too about it.
0 0 There is enough cash in country.As has been revealed in last couple of days where cores has been foind with criminals in new currency notes.As the cash is directly coming to banks so it is obvious banks are are helping thwm get there black money white.The best option is to stop supply of momey to banks.They can only deposit money but no withdrawals.Remove restriction from ATM withdrawal and ensure sufficient cash in all ATMs across the cointry.The problem will be resolved.
0 0 2-3 repeats of demonetization of high currency notes after every 5-7 years and cash currency tax on cash withdrawals will reduce tendency to hold cash in high currency notes.
Young teachers of cashless transactions will get cash incentives. If their students ID one of them and use the technology for next 3.5 years & avail (subsidy/gift of 5%) stipulated benefits, the teacher will get that (10%of students benefit) incentive.
0 0 People require small denomination cash rather than discounts for usage of Cards. What is todays basic requirement is some small cash. Hence, please enable shop owners to offer some small cash (whatever small amount, it may be) with every card transaction. Please give choice/ freedom to shop owners to enable them to issue some cash in percentage of their choice for every Transaction made on card as if they are purchasing some cash. don't put tax on cash. with this DEMONETISATION will successfull
0 0 I'm a student can I submit my concept or should a staff only submit?
3 0 जय हिन्द, जय भारत, जय जय गर्वी गुजरात,
सर दूसरी बात जेसे आप ने 500 और 1000 की नोट बंद की तो बहोत सोर हुआ इससे अच्छा हे की हर एक नोट की expiry date हो जो 5, 7 या फिर 10 साल तक ही हो जिसे कोई भी कालाधन जमा नहीं करपयेगा क्युकी expiry date निकल से पहेले उसे नोट को बैंक में या फिर किसी न किसी जगह पे उसे करनी पड़ेगी जो सालो तक संभाल कर बैठ ते थे वो बंद हो जायेगा
0 0 Respected Friends,
Name : e-vehicle Licence plate (eVLP).
what is it : As the name suggests, it is electronic number plate for each vehicle. Technically it is a "passive RF tag" meaning does not require battery or power supply. It has all the information of registration in its memory.
Applications :
Payment of tolls, eVLP readers at toll booth, can auto debit the account.
eVLP readers can track a vehicle.
etc.
More details in attached file.
0 0 आदरणी प्रधानमंत्री जी लाखो मनरेगाकर्मचारी और उनका परिवार सामाजिक आर्थिक तंगी से  उबकर आत्महत्या को मजबूर है कृपया उनका भी उद्धार करे
0 0 Transactions in cash above Rs 500 will have triple tax, & will not get any protection under consumer or any relevant Acts.
Every cash withdrawal will attract 1% cash currency tax on amount (in Rs 10 & 20 notes), 3% cash currency tax on amount (in Rs 50 & 100 notes) & 5% cash currency tax on amount (in Rs 500 & 2000 notes).
It will reduce cash transactions Even in higher denominations.
0 0 Govt should encourage cashless transactions by providing transactions tax free & without any bank charges for next 6 months and additionally with subsidy/gift of 5%(on spent amount in 6 months, caped by 100 to 200 transactions pm & subsidy amount Rs 400 to 800 pm) credited to his account after 3.5 years if the user continues to remain cashless for his 95% amount transacted in those 3.5 years.
It will monetarily encourage people to go cashless & habituate them to be cashless for next 4 years.
0 0 To encourage cashless transactions there is nothing better than incentives like discount and money-back into Aadhar accounts. Deposit a small amount of money in BPL Aadhar accounts. The measures announced by FM are good but not sufficient to create a buzz or enthusiasm.
1 0 Bank se jyada ATM me cash dala jaye . abhi tak bank me cash jyada de rahe hain and atm me 10 me se ek atm chalte hain. isliye bhrastachar jyada ho raha hai. JANTA TAK CASH PAHUCHANE KE LIYE ATM HI SABSE ACHHA  RASTA HAI BANK ME CASH KAM KARKE ATM ME CASH FLOW BADHAYE. ANPADH LOG BHI KISI TARAH CASH ATM SE NIKALWA LETE HAIN. BANK KA PAISA CHORON KE PAAS JAA RAHA HAI.
0 0 please har gali mohalle me bank chor sabit ho raha hai usko dhyan do nahi to ye currency ban negative me jaa raha hai
0 0 Dear sir
Your Currency Ban Idea is amazing but Due to our System who is top to down curropt). Please do Action fast otherwise this is totally going as negative in public. Sabhi gali mohalla me Money transfer wale ke paas naye note ke bhari sankhya me paise aa rahe hai ye har jagah ka haal hai and ye janta puri raat paise ke liye bhatak rahi hai. mai west delhi me rahta han yaha har taraf kalabazari bankon dwara kiya ja raha  hai. back door se lakho Rupees diye jate hain.
0 0 GOOD MOVE TO AVIOD CASH TRANSACTION AND INTURN BLACK MONEY...   HOWEVER IT NEEDS CLEAR AND WELL DOCUMNETED BANKING SYSTEMS, GOVERNMENT POLICIES AND THEIR PROACTIVE WORK CULTURE.
ALL GOVT. OFFICIALS SHOULD WORK AS TEAM AND SPIRIT  LIKE CORPORATE  EMPLOYESS  ... FEAR & JOB INSECURITY  SHOULD  BE DEVELOPED FOR POOR PERFORMERS AND CORRUPTIVE OFFICIALS...
FURTHER IT SHOULD E-FRIENDLY ENVIRONMENT FOR ANY GOVT DOCUMENTS REQUIRRED BY INDIVIDUALS RATHER THAN PERSONEL VISITS AND COMPLICATIONS.
1 0 1.  All villages dont have atm and bank so kindly arrange that first.
2. All kirana shop owner and small business are not even trying for cashless so pls make that compulsory for them to have swipe machine.
3. Kindly educate citizen how to use atm ,cards, and #99# without internet and extra cost , plz advertize and by news paper let them know.
4. Gold traders must be controlled they just know the ways to make govt fool.
1 0 1. Right time for PSU Bank mergers working on same technology platform.
2. No person should be allowed to have savings account in more than 2 diff banks.
3. Aadhaar should be made for every new born child which have the name and father's name and address. It should also have mother's aadhaar no on it. Before school admission, aadhaar should be updated with photo. Before VIII standard, aadhaar should be updated with the other required things like finger prints, eye retina etc.
2 0 Dear sir,
Avi to aap har petrol pump me cash ki lenden band karwa dijiye, isme bade bade transporters ka black money white ho Raha he, Mai khud petrol pump per job karta hu
1 0 Cashless society me liye pehle charan me
Saare current a/c walon KO swip machine rakhna aniwarya Karna hoga aur rural area me chhut dekar logon KO akarshit Karna hoga sarkaari sansthano me swip machine lagana hoga tatha saare saskari karmchariyon ko cashless transaction karna hoga aur won a/c se 5000 se jyada cash nahi nikaal Santa
Dusre charan me saare salary a/c wale, pvt & service sectors wale.
Teesre charan me sab aayenge aur illiterate logon ke saath dhokhadhari pe sakht bill pass krn pd
2 0 Use DTC BUS cashless payment by AEPS SY
1 0 It seems that some people in banks and ATM refilling companies have enjoyed a lot by exchanging huge currency rather than filling in ATMs. Audit is required, for cash provided for ATMs and public, how much was distributed to whom. This is how people got success in exchanging almost all the black money.
Strong actions against such persons can help in maintaining trust of common man that this action was for good and it is not a failure.
0 0 Pranam,
This is regarding stopping black money in economy.
This is possible by only 2 ways
1) make universal card and all payments digital and remove all coins and cash from the country
2) have cash. But make pan or Adhar mandatory for every transaction for more than 10k like to buy car fridge bike etc anything more than 10k and for more than 6 transactions under 10k and more than 1k per month this way every huge fish is caught.
0 0 Respected Honourable Prime Minister of India Sir,
Sub.: Open jail concept for normal punished prisoners – Reg.
It is for your kind notice that, the normal punished prisoners may kept in the Open Jails(i.e. in the normal society)  to reduce financial load on the Government / the public and increase the productivity. The punishment is possible at outside jail also. Cutting subsides, ban on travelling by train / flight / bus , Driving licence ban and many more also possible through UID and / Chip
1 2 जय हिन्द, जय भारत, जय जय गर्वी गुजरात,
 सर दूसरी बात जेसे आप ने 500 और 1000 की नोट बंद की तो बहोत सोर हुआ इससे अच्छा हे की हर एक नोट की expiry date हो जो 5, 7 या फिर १० साल तक ही हो जिसे कोई भी कालाधन जमा नहीं करपयेगा क्युकी expiry date निकल से पहेले उसे नोट को बैंक में या फिर किसी न किसी जगह पे उसे करनी पड़ेगी जो सालो तक संभाल कर बैठ ते थे वो बंद हो जायेगा
0 0 Banks should be instructed to ensure all ATM are supplied with cash on a daily basis. Whatever cash is made available to different branches of the banks, first priority to be given to fill cash in all ATMs daily. This will ensure even distribution of csh to real needy and improve general perception. Will obviate bad media publicity. Ensure all ATMs get daily quota of cash. This is not happening. Bigger amount can be transacted electronically.
2 0 जय हिन्द, जय भारत, जय जय गर्वी गुजरात,
सर डिजिटल भारत और कैशलेस कर ने के लिए जिन लोगो को इनका ज्ञान नहीं है जेसे गांव में और शहर के कुत्छ ऐसे इलाके जहा पढ़े लिखे लोग कम है वहा पे शनिवार के दिन एक सरकारी स्कूल में क्लास रख के सब के सिखाया जाये की कासेलेस ये क्या हे केसे करे और इन के क्या कया फायदे हे और आने वाले दिनों में भी इनका क्या असर रहेगा.
सर और क्लास में भी पुराने स्टूडेंट जो खुद ही देश की सेवा में आगे आना चाहते हे इसे स्टूडेंट स्कूल में ये ज्ञान दे सकते है.
1 0 Media, both electronic and print should also spread awareness of
the benefits of going digital both for the individual and also
for the nation like eradication or reduction in corruption, the
transparency that can be achieved in financial transactions that
will help in reducing black money to a large extent and in the
long run, it will help in stopping or reducing circulation of
counterfeit currency to a large extent.
2 0 Sir,
create a website which gives complete information about outlets having e-payment facility. Which will be great help for public to move towards cashless environment.
0 0 Why railway ticket is not checked at platform before check-in.
1 0 This is for reservation system. All the ST SC student whose parents are first grade Govt employee, should be out from reservation system. Because now thay are not backward. Now poor ST SC student are still live on footpath even they have no money to buy books and rich St SC are taking coaching class for competitive exam. So these poor students have more opportunities for Govt.job and as soon as they get job their reservation criteria removed.
And one day there is no need for reservation.
0 0 Continuing from where i had left, i also would like to suggest
that electronic media and print media should participate and play a great role in spreading awareness in the public about the
need to make India a digital and less cash economy. Media should
play a very important role in creating a positive response and
active participation by citizens to achieve this goal. Electronic media should advertise the availability of products
that are available which are safe, secure and easy to use.
0 0 Introduce tax rebate for rental income that is received through cashless medium. Currently most land lords are not accepting house rents through net banking or any other cashless medium.
0 0 Cash less Transaction ke liye sab se easy madhyam paytm and upi and ssd and swip and other transaction kaise karte hain iski video clip whats app par jayada se jayada share ho kyo ki media ko log sabse jayada istemal karte hain abhi to dar laga hua hai ki kaise bina cash kam kare and bank walo ko ek aisa atm ki tarah shoping card de jismain card ko recharge kare aur chahe kisi bhi jagah cash less purchasing kare ....JAI HIND JAI BHARAT CASH LESS INDIA DIGITAL INDIA
0 0 Can u take important steps in terms of education and job? Pharm.D i's very much reputed course in abroad equal to doctor But in India there is no jobs. Hence students are going abroad for earning money. U can provide jobs after discussion with education department so that they can earn in India and make India the better one. PHARM.D jobs in all hospital's of India is a dream for all students after studying 6 yrs of complete course. Help them if u care for students of India.
0 0 Cash less india desh ke logo main cash ko lekar change aana start ho gaya hai cash less transaction ki taraf desh ke log aage bad rahe hain magr sab se badi problem swip machine ki aa rahi hai logo ko easly mil jaye aur network mazbut hona chahiye card ko swip karo to 3 ya for time karna pad raha hai service fast ho aur koi bhi debit card ko hack na kar paye aisa software swipemachine main hona chaiye tabhi desh ke log cash less ki tarf badenge.shichit logo bolna hoga wo aur logo ko trand kare.
0 1 Can u give 50% of till date collected black money to students on or before 31 December 2016? Can u give at least 4 lakh to girls as a FD? : From new born girl to age 60.( all religion ) right use of black money is important. Can u increase eligibility  % for approval of scholarship(study in abroad) from 65% to 50%? Take few important steps for students for a better future.
0 0 the views which are in nation interest attached with this post.
1 0 The role it plays on eradicating or reducing corruption must also
be highlighted to them. The importance of the need to make India a digital economy needs to be spread among the masses,specially the daily wage sections of people, traders,
businessmen,etc. Citizens need to be educated on how to use
mobile and other applications to make digital transactions.
0 0 I believe that it is a great idea and it is very much possible
to make India a digital economy. To begin with, the poorer and
the uneducated must be made digital literate by creating awareness about the need to make India a digital economy. The
benefits of going digital should be first highlighted to them
and convince them that it is safe, secure and easy. The positive
impact it has on economy and their lives must be conveyed to
them.
0 1 Dear Sir ,
We should use all excess money to All India BAN on alchol , tobacoo ,products for next four years and state revenue loss can be taken by central Gov for next 4 years in between they can find alternative resource for income ,  this will give a lots of good wishes to our Prime minister sir and team at least from all poor people.
1 0 गवर्नमेंट को कैशलेस को बढ़ावा देने के लिए। सब से पहले सभी सरकारी जगहों और  private संस्थानों जैसे स्कूल, कॉलेज, हॉस्पिटल, NGO,industry ,शौपिंग मॉल , बिग बाजार, पेट्रोल पंप,etc में epayment को mandatory कर देना चाहिए।
1 0 जिस तरह से नोटबंदी के बाद कमीशन लेकर नोट लेकर पुराने नोट change किया जा रहा था, उसी तरह से अब ATM के बाहर खड़े लोगो में वो लोग भी है जिन लोगो ने अपने accout में दुसरो की ब्लैक मनी जमा किये थे, और अब वो नए नोट निकालकर उन्हें वापस कर रहे है। इसलिए जगह जगह नए नोट करोड़ो में पकड़े जा जा रहे है। सरकार को ऐसे अकाउंट पर नज़र रखनी होगी जिनमे से daily 2000 निकले जा रहे है। एक और बात नए 500 और 2000 के नोट को फिर ब्लैक किया जा रहा। इसलिए सरकार को सिर्फ 10, 20 और 50 ही छापना चाहिए। इन्हें छिपाना मुश्किल है।
0 0 Digital literacy and using digital platform are the best tools/method to fight against corruption. In this way I feel that farmers, poor people, rural population, small business men, small entrepreneurs are more victim of corruption since long time. They suffer for a small loan from banking system to avail small loan like KCC, CC for business etc. and ultimately take help of middle man. ............ see the attachment.
1 0 Dear Sir,
Demonetisation of old Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes is very good decision to make our country without corruption. My suggestion is about that is want to implement all transactions should be digital payment (Debit and Credit Card / Net banking) in all private agencies like schools and colleges, etc.,
1 0 Dear Sir,
It's a very good decision to make our society cashless, but this should be implemented first then it should be followed by Demonetisation. Even it's not too late, the big merchants and organisations in each and every sector should be directed to accept only Digital Transactions. Also, Gov. Organisation and banks should not impose any transaction charges for digital payment including IRCTC. Only waving of transaction charges would be enough to promote digital transaction.
1 0 if we want to India be a cashless India, we have to take strict steps towards all shopkeepers/businessmen & anyone who is selling or giving services to public should have.
first of all we have  to digitized all govt distribution center i.e Seeds distribution center, Rashan Shops, all departments where the public dealing is happening.
0 0 Announce centers chosen for hackathon and dates
0 0 It is requested to implement electronic money transactions for the below said transaction without any exceptions in which huge black money involves  In educational institution, Trusts, welfare organisation, Temples / Churches / Mosque in which donation more than Rs.49000 , Register offices , Real Estates, Sales and Purchase more than Rs.49000. But now Government is concentrating in common people daily transactions which will led to failure in Honorable Prime Minister aim.
0 0 Respected Sir,
The following few line are forwarded for info about Leh-Ladakh region:-
* Literacy rate is over 75%.
* Lot of central & state govt. office are located.
In this region available network is 2G. Due to which people are not able to do mobil banking thus forcing to do transaction in cash.
thus requesting to look into the matter for increasing the internet service.
Thanks
0 0 It is really good opportunity for students with many new IITs coming up. However the infrastructure set up is not taking spead as expected. Building, hostels still in very slow progress. Students are facing issues in getting scholar loans as these new IITs are not affiliated with any particular branch of SBI or other nationalised bank. Can we get some relief for these students by expedited loans facility please?
0 0 plase tell me the last date for submission of hackathon 2017, and is it all 3 ideas has to upload seprately.. pl help me
0 0 In our city Chandrapur of Maharashtra state, there is a unnecessary breaker in small lanes that create problem for people in driving vehicles and there should be underground sewage system in our city.
0 0 HELLO EVERYONE..
     The word demonetisation made our country to think little bit impossible but over PM made the word really most powerful. All think that it would droop down our GDP but it forn a less time.The idea made some what difficult for the money to get in liquid but for the growth it is necessary.
     At point to frmrs its the major problem for having money in hand. Making it online makes the growth in every aspect.It develops the financial inclusion through opening bank accounts
0 0 Dear Sir, we are working with villagers to move to plastic currency. Unfortunately, the nationalised bank numbers are marginal and understaffed and hence not able to move the villages who do not have bank accounts to quickly move into the banking ambit. I am referring to Jignihalli, Gubbihalli Village of Sakkarapatna of Kadur Taluk, Chickmaglur district, Karnataka. The rest of the villages in the Taluk can also move provided there are enough banks spread.   Please help
0 0 Dear Sir,   we are working with villagers to move to plastic currency.  Unfortunately, the nationalised bank numbers are marginal and understaffed and hence not able to move the villages who do not have bank accounts to quickly move into the banking ambit.   I am referring to Jignihalli, Gubbihalli Village of Sakkarapatna of Kadur Taluk, Chickmaglur district, Karnataka.   Please help
0 0 Dear PM
Micro economic effect of corruption
The cost of corruption in public expenditure  on economy is  400% to 500%
1 0 Upto a limit say 500 no OTP require so no need to carry change Just feed the mb no of credetor.With these things,it is easy to reach villager.Also instead of account no ,mobile no is being used at bank counter for these accounts.
0 1 Dear  PM
My suggestion is to start m-wallet SIM(mobile wallet SIM) where SIM is linked with  new bank account no .These SIMs are available at retail shop/at banks.Debit cards are to be given with these SIMs.When money is transferred to another person SIM,instead of account no,his name is displayed so shopkeeper is to be easy who has given him money.Company give sms to the person for day to day transaction so shopkeeper are easy to track income and expenditure for the day.
2 0 Hello sir,
On the topic of cashless transaction. I would like to suggest finger print system for payment. Right now jio sim are issued based on finger print scanner which collect our data from adhaar card.
By using the same technology one could pay the daily expense as adhaar card is already link to his bank account. So by introducing this we don't have go for card payment.
Of course this idea need to some enhancement like adding an additional authentication like request pin no as well.
2 0 Dear pm modi ji app ki note bandi ko dil se tariph aur swagat karta hu  tha app ka samarthan karta hu app par pura bhrosa hai jai hind
2 0 Respected Sir,
On the way of Cashless Society the main difficulty is cyber crime and charges levied by POS machine on each swipe, which is not acceptable by a shopkeeper. In my view, e-wallet can become a good way for keeping foundation for cashless society.
Now a day each bank is having its e-wallet which is being used by its customer only. Imagine if register user of one bank e-wallet will be allowed to pay other banks e-wallet, the difficulty will move away. Plz make it possible with NPCI
1 0 I dream of a country where I can leave without touching the things used in performing crime. We always try to avoid criminal and never touch the things suspected as criminal's things. I Then why we are forced to touch the paper notes used by the criminal in performing dangerous crime as kidnappings, murders, militant activities,,,. So I request my Govt to gift me a society where I can spend my days without touching the things used by the criminal. So gift me a cashless society.
2 0 Sir , I request you to start railway counter to have debit card/ credit card swapping machines for reservation and for oncounter transactions. It will reduce a huge cash transaction. Sir u also do it for payments of all govt taxes. Plastic rupia... Devloping India
1 0 Dear PMO 
It would be beneficial if the public could pay court fee and police spot fines through electronic transfer such as credit or debit card and payment services like freecharge and paytm. This will help them in times like this.
If the honorable PM could make an announcement on this regard it will be helpful for the public and allow police forces to purchase the technology requirements as soon as possible.
Thank you
1 0 Sir we are proud of you please make leader's  like you in other states aso that we will thankful for this.
0 0 Standardized-APP is must and may solve the queue problems within 1 or 2 days, APP software should be given to the respective Banks and they may validate the A/C nos. and on first validations sum of cashless credits 2000 should be given to each customer now we may promote it like hotcake e.g Paytm or any govt. APP, after registration on the APP (standardized) it was very easy to handle the transactions for the 60% of the people and other 40% people may queue for the cash in Bank.
0 0 Main problem Regarding cashless online Transactions-
sir, online payment systems are not standardized like our currency notes this is the main problem as we use the same currency note all over the world without any fear of validation/invalidation but online payment modules are not like this Paytm is neccessary for Paytm and same is the scenario for all the transactions. so some intermediate gateway of payment is necessary to make payment independent of the application used for the trransaction
0 0 Dear PM,
One of the major problem associated with Debit card, credit card or online payment is about its security. Govt can ask the banks to issue prepaid card system, which can be used as wallet. The cost and speed of internet is major problem associated with e-wallet like paytm.
Sir, I only suggest that people should use technology with adequate security.
0 0 Dear PM
Can you please make minimum rent amount for all commercial property rent, either it is new tenant or old.
Because old rented property have less rent compare to new rental property.
Because of this old rent, business owner does not show an actual business. And it makes big loss of tax for government of India.
Is it possible to decide minimum rental price as per Jantri rates.
0 0 Sh.Modi Ji,
To teach and encourage the people who stay in villages,
We can introduce cashless transaction methods in ration stores.
With this act they will be able experience the card swiping transaction methods and wallet payment mode also.
Ration store is the only option to teach our parents forcefully to go cashless.
1 0 Dear Sir,
There is big waiting at toll plaza ,railway and bus stand even after debit card and credit card use. It is possible to accept debit and credit card without pin number bellow 200RS paid. It will help making payment easy . 
Thanking you
Devalkumar Patel
Anand
0 0 Namaskar Sir..
We Support Demonetization..
but we want to any transaction done then we see pic of note instead  of number..
all people know pic of notes..
e.g. i want to transfer 2400
then i click one time  2000 note pic
4 time press 100 note
Thank You.
2 0 Dear Sir,
One of the major impediments in national development is our dependency on foreign companies for hardware components. Can the government invest resources and materialise the indigenous development and manufacturing of chips, processors for computers and mobiles?
Increase in indigenous production of many small value electronic items for diverse applications will be a direct side-effect of this development and will help reduce the digital divide in our country.
Regards,
Apurba.
3 0 In Metropolitan cities we have PG [Paying Guest] facilities which charges more than 7K per person per month and most of them take cash only. so please make sure to Get them under Income Tax Act. This would help many
2 0 Please introduce Biometric Payment system,this will enable the illiterate for money transactions.
Other Benefits :
1. No paper work
2. Hassle free transactions
3. No worry of Debit / credit card lost-as some banks like Kotak charge a heavy amount for reissuing
3 0 Dear PM
Move towards cashless is a great move towards eradicating black money. Now to give shape to this mission, we need a solid action plan. Encouraging through radio and TV for going digital may not yield enough confidence unless we physically demonstrate, how simple it is to digital illiterate or semi-literate.  Suggest to show in TV a demo, how to create a digital wallet and then how to do the transaction through this wallet. Will help in generating confidence among the common mass.
2 0 Respected PM,
There are many house-owners across different locations in the country who do the one or more of the following malpractices:They give their house(s) on rent, but do not share their PAN with the tenant. They force the tenant to pay the rent only in cash.
Even if they file IT returns, they under-report / do not report this rental income and hence do not pay any income tax on that. What can we do to stop these malpractices ? Make stricter laws and enforce them. Thanks !
0 0 "CASH LESS PUBLIC TRANSPORT USING TRAVEL CARDS(T-CARDS)"
Dear Sir,
 Introduce a single card(T-CARD) for all public transport access(Like buses,trains,Taxis,Autos).
PROBLEM:
•Every user who uses public transport (State Transport Buses) for short travels are facing problem with change for their big notes or small notes(chiller problem).
•Every Conductor or ticket issuers in Public transport (TSRTC) is facing problem to give change for big and small notes of customers.
0 0 Smart security for RAILWAY by using IoT
0 0 Dear sir,
To reduce cash transaction n promote cashless transactions and to remove black money
1. make cash transactions costlier by imposing extra taxes.
2. make all e-transactions cheaper and with attractive offers for some time.
3. come up with scheme 'more tax more reward ".so, people ll pay taxes by seeing benefits in it instead of hiding it.(if no GST when cash transaction prove costlier thn e-transactions THN ONLY people ll surly follow it n if nt people ll find ways to do cash deal.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Happy with push to"less Cash" society. Trying to pay small vendors and housemaids without success. The issue is they haven't enabled mobile banking. So can not receive funds through UPI apps like TruePay, PhonePe etc. Suggestion
(1) Provide single UPI app across all banks. It is confusing with many UPI apps
(2) Auto-enable all accounts seeded with mobile number for fund receipt through mobile banking
(3)Provide default bank option if multiple bank accounts exist
0 0 Dear PM,
as there are mobile rechaging centers, there should be "e walate " recharging centers (under direct control of various banks)So that there is no need to go to bank web site.people can deposit 2000 rs note and payfor PAYTM
Mobile number be the unique identity of transact
The centers can be opened in bank for the account holders, which can provide recharge of e walate up to rs 20000 per mth by taking cheques.
This will avoid apprehension in public mind about hacking of bank account.
0 0 corruption is Mother of black money which has not yet been hit.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Hidden Black money of the Rich and powerful needs to be bought to light and unhidden
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji, Kindly help develop an app where if Mobile gets lost or stolen then it can be operated only by the Initial registered users finger impression and a voice tone word so as to Prevent our Mobiles from being misused id lost or stolen
0 0 The only way to get rid of these lines(ques in front of atm/bank)and to help India transact cashless is made an govt.app like paytm for smart phone/imps mobile banking by basic phone mandatory for all business man's as they could not deny to accept money through it,having nil/minimum transaction charges.by- ashish jain dwarka delhi ph. 8800930111
0 0 Dear Sir,
You are the one person who made all the world to see India.  I am as an Bank Officer supporting people and leading my people towards serving Nation.  I want to give small idea which will help towards cashless.  First of all, we need to change Govt organisations which are transacting through cash only.  Eg.Registrations, Electricity Bills (more than Rs.500/-) and Municipal Taxes and Govt.Taxes more than Rs.500/-.  These all can be happened just through one app (E collect account).
0 0 I have a generic query not related to this forum. As news channels are highlighting as critical issue of cash crunch, where as actually there is no cash crunch. You can find all new Rs2000.00 notes are seized from either builders, relatives of ministers, businessman, doctors that to 2000 crores or 3000 crores. My query is - Why there is no rigorous punishment for such people ? How long this liberal process will continue ? No one is feeling shame for his/her deeds because of so much liberal !!!
2 0 There should be an app which will send alert to nearby police stations as well as respective minister. Example: Engg. college management is approaching for donation (in cash) then student should fill few details like college name, few names from management, college location etc in the app then app should alert one message to near by police station, another message to district head quarter and final message to education minister. Few other examples:bribe in govt offices, violence by local goons.
0 0 Demonetization is indeed excellent step to curb black money. I stay in Gurgaon and did not face any difficulty. But news channels are showing very difficult situation (although as I know, it would be true for 10-20%) only, but need to handle the situation to normalise at earliest. Actually, whatever currency being printed is getting stuck and not returning to banks causing the blockage. there is sensible authorities being appointed in every village to tell about cashless transaction
0 0 Dear Modi ji Namaskar.i want to draw your attention  that Govt  Promoting cashless  transfer but lot of people still having fear of cyber frauds. When  I argued with  them they were  giving  me example  of USA and how govt bear all the losses  because of cyber fraud. My request  to my Govt.is that please give assurance to the people  how safe is online  fund transfer. The other thing is ensure net avalibilty at affordable  price for poor people  and abolish transaction charges to encourage
0 0 The depleting forest cover is a matter of great concern. This has led to significant change in the weather pattern, habitat destruction, and pollution. The quality of life is being affected. It is a bare fact that increasing population is a big drain on the resources and directly hits the environment. Development and environment, however, are complementary to each other and must go hand in hand. Development at the cost of forests and environment must be a big NO.
1 0 R/PM Modiji,I am proud of you for clearing India by demonetization.I am a BSF soldier.It is constrained to inform that more than 35% of BSF trained soldiers r deployed in the residences of GO's despite drawing Security Aid allwcs which cannot be resisted by anyone for many years.IB can be strengthen if restoration of these trained soldiers from their residences so that India would be more secured from LOC.Thank u for not disclosing my identity and giving opportunity to submit man ki bath.
2 0 I SUGGEST THE GOVERNMENT TO REMOVE PENSION SCHEME FOR MPs/MLAs AND SPECIFICALLY CUT THE SALARY OF THE MPs/MLAs FOR THE DAY WHENEVER THEY did not let the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha work
2 0 Sir one more thing I need to say. Major field that can convert black money to white money is film industry. they can show fake collection reports with the help of theatre owners. by that way black money can convert to white. please view those areas also.  Black money is every where
2 2 Respected Modiji
demonetisation was good step.Black money cant eliminate completely with this step.Many guilty people are invested black money in gold and land and by using benami. U should do surgical strikes on them also. And after that we should seize black money abroad.  keep going step by step. Hoping good results
2 0 Respected Modiji as per report within December all old notes will be returned.Its clear that Black money are deposited through some ways. In this circumstance its clear that corrupted bank officers played role in that. Sir if this step has to be successful all accounts should be checked and should punish bank officers who are guilty.dont suspend them just dismiss them.if black money is not seized through this step,opposition will raise this as their correct assumptions.
0 0 I request to Hon. Prime minister to take strict actions against the members of parliament who are creating obstacle for discussion by creating chaos. I request to terminate each and every person who is trying to slow down the growth of progress of India by not ‘working’ in parliament.
0 0 Looking forward for mangalore to be smart city than bangalore
0 0 Thank you sir for cleaning India by Demonetization. We all trust you - take your time, hit hard and make it worth of everything. no hurry. even if takes next 2 years. sir make sure that cashless economy at least starts from these move. PROUD OF YOU.
0 0 HI, I was going through an article and strongly feel about implementation of this idea- We need a law to Streamline the Rules. I think this is really need of the hour.
http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/we-need-a-law-to-streamline-the-ru...
0 0 Over 40000 SHAKHAS OF RSS spread out over India, SWAYAM SEVAKS should initiate process of teaching people use of phones for digital transactions. Bharat mata ki Jai!
0 0 Banks not supporting Citizens with Pradhan mantri schemes of Rs12 and Rs 330. They are not giving application forms and not giving certificates. They are saying these schemes have failed and hence discontinued by government. Indeed many people did not get certificates. Intervention is requested please as banks seem to be misleading people. Also please start toll free customer care for such schemes.
0 0 dear sir, as you had  taken wonderful steps toward black money by demonetization of big currency. yet there are various side effect of this step. one issue is the paying in the hospital, they ask for cash ,and bank doesn't give the enough cash. many banks give 2000 or 4000, which is not sufficient. so there should be a debit card  swipe machine in each hospitals even in rural areas, for payment . as we all need cashless economy.
 thank you
1 0 House Rentals - Dear Sir, your actions towards eliminating black money or unaccounted money is commendable. Now we see all consumers are going towards digital payments. This sector is one where most of the owners won’t share their details like Bank A/C, PAN details and they accept only cash (with No Receipt) and now they even demanding smaller (100/-) denominations as they don’t want to reach the bank for their needs. Please regularize this RENTAL sector and make owners are accountable.
0 0 Dear sir I would like to suggest that all societies bungalow  building commercial any should have a (DUSTBIN)  outside their gates for common public  on the road maintained by them selves, should  be  made  compulsory  along  with camera security all  over  India.. this  certainly  will  help  Swach Bharat program  also all  traffic signal  should  be  provided  with  dustbin  which can  be  either  sponsored  by  multinational or  municipality for advertisement.#SmartIndiaHackathon2017, #MyGov
0 0 All educational institutions and hospitals (where 99% tax evasions are going on) should be made cashless.
All shops especially all medical shops should give us any mode of cashless facility soon.
All self employed, businessman should provide any mode of cashless payment system to his/her customers including rickshawas and grocery shops..
0 0 A good step to start with but it will be good if such ideas are worked upon and students are provided with all kind of help so that these ideas can become a reality...
0 0 Dear Sir
Very soon we are going to be in a great need of very strong employment policies.
Make in India is one out of many of your indeginious steps. That step can be modified to curb the upcoming problem of unemployment.
Demonetisation your bold step will search and attack many black businesses Thus(employers and employees will have to find another jobs) If they can be part of make in India or similar policy they can contribute their dirty brain in the progress of country. JAI HIND
0 0 Dear Hon'ble Modi Sir,
I like to provide my suggestion regarding Electricity generation. Can't in India we produce Electricity from Sea Water as like Middle East Countries, also we can use more soloar systems,atleast in metropolitan area, which will save our cost. India is surrounded by sea & rivers so it will be best option & also it will provide electricity in many parts. India is blessed with all nature & we should make its proper use. I hope I able to put my views properly.
Thank You.
0 0 In almost all shops (except supermarkets) there is a board hanging which says " 1000/- and old 500/- rupees are not accepted) from Nov 9th onwards.... actually there should be other boards lik "we accept cashless payment here"
Common man cant go to supermarkets always to use pos machines. Recently i went to supermarket as i can use card there instead of cash, but there,the same quality of rice that i used to pusrcase at rs. 33/- is 60/-per kg. A vast difference is many products lik this.
1 0 namaskar..i request the honourable prime minister to consider my suggestion to implement the system of smart money or say plastic money to the following trade fields exclusively..no cash transactions to be carried out in the following trade fields..petrol pumps, shopping malls, railway stations and transport means, mobile recharges and other essential daily life trade fields..this will help people to get used to plastic money..please put a deadline after which cash would not be accepted in above
1 0 Please make lpg gas agency, all railway station ticket counter and such places cashless. People can arrange cash for vegetables but where more money is required where to bring cash. Keeping aside shopping places, atleast make gas agency like places cashless.
0 0 Dear sir, i am seeing that you are promoting cashless economy. People doubt about it still. I dont have doubt. Nothing is impossible , only proper planning is needed. My point of view is that please make govt / semi govt transaction cashless. Infuse more cash in villages. Promote more cashless options in cities like encouraging banks to provide swipe machines, also lowering charges on swipe machine..
I m still cash not avialable in almost all atm. Why gas agency are still asking for cash.
1 0 Today after many days I went to the Sadar Bazar and found more than 50% of shopkeepers have installed facilities for cashless transaction. Even the revedi / mudngfalliwala shops have paytm facilities for cashless transaction.It is good to have cashless transactions but won't it be better to reduce transaction charges as they were levied when cards were luxury , but now if we are proceeding towards cashless economy this barrier should end and people should be encouraged with some incentives.
0 0 without enforcing civic sense we can't think better place to live even in the world.SMART INDIA App can control the field problems/ corruption in Transport, cleanliness,hospitals,offices etc. I have a Blue print which can create lot of employment and transparency so that corrupt employees / citizens can be punished and the fear of punishment with proof can correct the system. Input by volunteers through camera/phone can be monitored by the control room officer and corrective measure can be done
1 0 Dear Sir
Pl make card swiping is compulsory for all trade license holders...thanks
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
After announcing demonetization, for some days position of cash availability in banks to the public was not good. Now the situation has improved to some extent. Banks are loading ATMs with cash daily once and same gets exhausted within 2 to 3 hours. After that banks display 'NO CASH' boards in ATMs. If the banks can load ATMs with cash two or three times a day, probably all people will get cash at any time without waiting in long ques.Kindly instruct the banks suitably.
0 0 Dear Sir, We want you to order a CBI inquiry about the "Apollo game" in chennai in Jayalalitha's case.From whom apollo hospital was taking orders? All top leaders went to meet Jayalalitha in apollo must reveal what exactly they saw. All of them came back without even seeing her.Are we living in a democratic country? CM of a state was hidden from public in a hospital for 70+ days and not even a single pic/video about her condition was released till her death and central didn't take it serious?
0 0 Dear PM, I would like to request for a change in the way the current ATM machines are operating. Currently, the ATMs from different banks are working different process flow such that it makes difficult and time consuming for an individual to withdraw the money. Adding to this, some banks are using this as an opportunity to advertise about loans and similar.
I would like to request on the possibility of making the screen messages standard such that it will be easy for all the individuals.
0 0 Sir,I think demonetisation has given upper hand to certain business and businessmen,after demonetisation, we as public are bound to use methods like e-wallet but companies like paytm are taking advantages of people and doing fraud, they are doing their monopoly and despite of every attempt reach their customer care it's all in vain.....they did fraud to.me  for 1000/- rs, please keep a check on paytm sir there are many who suffered by paytm...it's all mentioned in consumer forums
0 0 Sir,
Iam watching since many days the local sweepers are burning the collected waste which includes plastics, paper, etc which leads to toxic gases, damaging our respiratory system. This is one of the major concern which needs to be taken care of. Really proud of #MyGov and appreciate the efforts for development of nation. Waste management is one of the major problem.
0 0 Registration Number:MOLBR/E/2016/03562,PMOPG/E/2016/0554739
Name Of Complainant:RAJESH KUMAR RAUNIAR
Date of Receipt	:07 Sep 2016
Received by	:Ministry of Labour and Employment
Forwarded to	:Employees Provident Fund Organisation (Head Office)
Contact Address	:Employees Provident Fund Organisation
Bhavishya Nidhi Bhawan
14, Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi110066
Contact Number	:26107106
Several time lodge the complaints but every time my complaint closed by PG portal and PF office.
2 0 Dear Mr.Narendra Modi Gi,
I like to share the idea regarding the LPG domestic cylinder, the delivery boys are collecting extra money from us and sometimes they are selling our cylinder in black by not delivering us. Therefore, I request you to collect the money from our bank account directly or implement a swiping machine. Secondly, also issue a card instead of gas book, that should be linked to delivery. ..
0 0 Respected PM sir,
Today i would like to told about some scenario. i have plan to went julwania district for job purpose and i finding railway station to went here. but i have seen their is no route for railway to reach julwanaia district . i am requesting to pm sir kindly pay attention on this to create railway line route from mhow to julwanaia  city.
0 0 नमस्कार मोदी सर
0 0 I am no longer a student. But I still have ideas and can build things. Can I participate?
0 0 जनधन खातो के लिए सरकार को दीर्घकालीीन योजना बनानी चाहिये। इस योजना का लाभ उन खाताधारको को भी मिलना चाहिये जाेे दूसरों के अपने खातों में जमा धन सरकार को सुपुर्द करने के लिये तैयार है।
0 0 Namaste PM sir,I know that many black money deposited in Jan Dan account so that to know where come that black money to check Jan Dan account withdrawal money few days. If he withdraw more money in does days so investigate this because they do not need more money like 20-30 thousand in a month that  I know .so we achive success on the big platform because more person give many person money to deposits his account . Isse bari machhli
Fasegi.
0 0 Sir made aadhar card compulsory for all mobile number without aadhar card all the mobile to be deactivate it will controlled the crime rateimmdiately
0 0 Modi ji good morning. I am from village. I want to say that sarpanch of the village take a huge money from govt grants but spend only 10 to 20 percent on village development. what he do with all money? Pls stop that money and give this to a private developers for actual development. we see nothing development even after long time.
1 0 Dear PM Sir,
The biggest concern is about the online fraud....we don't have the strong ..Cyber Security and Anti Hacking Policy ... if we want to show the world that we are the first country of cashless.. Government must think to make a strong policy on anti hacking and online fraud .If we are going for cashless economy.currently it is so sad that no one discussing on it... PM need to think.. that why i had put the direct question to you sir.
Your view point please think over it.
0 0 मोदी जी नोट बंदी के २७ दिन बाद भी बैंको में पैसा नही है कृपया देखे , अन्यथा कही मामला खराब न हो जाये , बैंक वालो का व्यवहार भी दिन प्रति दिन खराब हो रहा है , आपका बहुत बड़ा प्रसंसक, धन्यवाद
0 1 Respected Sir,
           JaiHind
    Subject: Some suggestions to reduce increasing rape cases
Sir,
       Due to words limit.  I m presenting my views in short. Internet porn sites shud be banned.  No jail no death punishment.   Just cutting pf hands and feet in front of public.  So victim shid suffer with same mental and physical torture which they had given to an innocent.  Especially girl rapists n gang rapists.   A bit freedom shud also be given so there shud not arise any need
0 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi Ji,
Sir, Good Morning ,In 2017, let's hope positive that all the villages, will be  digitally connected...may our talented youth come forward to make this Dream true...particularly the panchayaths, municipality, corporations all have to be connected digitally.. so the corporation taxes, water tax, electricity... may be paid on line... people should not become tired...
1 0 No doubt we are with the all program with Govt.oF india but sorry to say you because of unwillingness of some official, program are towards failure side.I am residing in JAIPUR and applied land line connection for my hospital 10 months back ,but till date no response from G.M BSNL only assurance ,when i call them i heard "desh aage badh raha hai" but sorry to say when smart city Jaipur has backward then how we can say desh aage nikal raha hai
1 0 Dear sir
to decrese the high floatinng at tollgates and fecilitate easy wending of tickets....i have small suggestion
1. as we know that each vehicle's registration number is unique so better use barcode should be sticked on the number plate and with help of high lense camera barcode will be scanned instead of capturing the photo of number plate.
2. barcode of vehicle number also help to find out the missed vehicle information and also to catch the radicles/thieves/ anti social elements.
0 0 Black money holders are exchanging 1000 rupee notes to 500 notes from the banks and they are getting running currency from railway station,bus station and from toll plaza etc and so they are dumping the running currency as black money in the banks.500 rupee notes are being deposited in bank and their is no flow of running currency.In bus, railway station and toll plaza etc they are not accepting 500 rupee notes from the public,so stop use of 500 rupee notes and running currency will come to bank
0 0 Being a banker of with knowledge of digital banking, I would like to share my experiences and educate people on digital banking for smoother functioning of their day to day expenses without cash. Specially rural population where this becomes very important due unawareness of digital banking and cashless modes.. Would request concerned to gives us an opportunity to serve nation at my best and support digital campaign..
0 0 For speedy shifting of cash to cashless society it is advisable to provide POS at micro level i.e. Subji Wala, Taxi Wala, Auto Rickshaw wala, small food vendors, consulting doctors etc at free/ concessional rates. Right now they are not eligible for POS. Instruct RBI to pass order to banks for an immediate implementation
0 0 Good Evening PM Modi ,
    Digital India , is one process under all indians will come under one shelter .we believe in our people , so we have to help them . Like all small shopkippers , or those who sale their product on street also  didnt have swipe card machines or they not use to smart phone . So through help of no. Banks we can start to give knowledge as well as distrubution of swipe machine in large no.becaz this way of payment is more faithful rather than any one .
0 0 Make online payment less costly in RAILWAY  than offline (counter ticket).....because large no of public is attached to it ......or to permote cashless transaction ......
0 0 ntrospection is important for all Indians.India is going to the dogs because most of our countrymen do not have community feeling.They discriminate eachother on the basis of their caste and religion.Promotion of nationalism and unity is the most important and above all other things.Exceptions are also there.
0 0 India would be smart only when it is 100% digital and cashless.When there are no ques,no corruption,no undue profiteering,no discrimination on the basis of caste,creed or religion.When there are only two or three political parties like US and UK.When politics become a medium of public service not money spinning business.When there is retirement age for all politicians.India would become smart when no dowry system.,no discrimination on the basis of male, female, India is a welfare state.
0 0 To make cashless India government should make zero transaction charge via paytm ewallet MasterCard debit card etc.#mygovt #narendramodi
0 0 What are the future implications when India adopt total technological aspects? Is its dangers for employability for others? Mostly Job in technological feild?
0 0 एक बहुत जरूरी चीज ये है digitalisation और विमुद्रिकरण में क़ि सरकार अपने  उपक्रमों में  card swiping machine लगाये । जैसे रेलवे काउंटर ,irctc के रेस्ट्रुरेन्ट , अस्पताल , ट्रांसपोर्ट या कही भी कैश काउंटर है अगर भारत सरकार का, तो वहां स्वीपिंग मशीन लगाया जाये ।
सत्यमेव जयते ।
0 0 Dear PM ,Demonatisation is one of the greatest bold step taken by anyone in India. We are with you whole heartly. But some of the bugers who are mostly affected by this move are creating unnecessary rucks and distrubing the sessions of Parliament. Why not like labours laws if there is no work there is no pay applicable to parliament session also. After all they are paid bcoz we pay tax and we don't want some jokers creating hurdles in countries progressive path.
0 0 Cashless atmosphere: Pls tell all banks to enable mobilebanking/ netbanking feature for all category of accounts in India. Banks keeps this control for lower category accounts. Banks expects very minor service charge for this ! It is It is first and mandatory step to make cashless atmosphere..If u not did by your uniform policy/ order to banks. Banks will initiate complicated procedure for public. In this situation public will started to run away from being cashless. Movement.
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
सादर प्रणाम,
आपके द्वारा नोटबंधी व पड़ोसि देश के खिलाफ उठाये गये क़दम सर्जिकल स्ट्राइक के लिए में बधाई देता हूँ
साथ ही मैं आप से आग्रह करना चाहता हूँ की एक सर्जिकल स्ट्राइक देश में हो रही नशाखोरी के खिलाफ भी होना चाहिये
हमारा देश पूर्ण नशा मुक्त हो इसके लिये हम नागरिकों का कर्त्तव्य तो बनता ही है की हम अपनी तरफ से नशा खोरी के खिलाफ मुहीम छेड़ें लेकिन आपकी ओर से एक सर्जिकल स्ट्राइक नशा मुक्त भारत शुरु की जाये तो आपका ह्रदय से स्वागत है
धन्यवाद
कमल सोनी विदिशा म.प्र.
0 0 For Hackathon 2017 only college students can participate.  Experienced Persons & Professionals who are justifiably better placed to Identify Potential Needs, Limitations and Security Concerns can be included in a sub competition for HACKATHON IDEAS. The topics of the main competion could either own or from subjects from the subcompetion. The IDEAs behind the program are more important than the actual programming itself. Also issues of Securty, Emergency Issues and Data Backup on Indian soil.
0 0 मेरी सलाह सरकार को यह है की कैशलेस इंडिया बनाने के लिए सरकार को पहले आधारभूत सुविधएं प्रदान करनी पड़ेगी जैसे इ वॉलेट ,फी SMS रिसीप्ट पेमेंट उसके साथ साथ नगद लेनदेन के लिए कड़े नियम बनाने बढेगे तथा नगद लेनदेन की सीमा तये करनी पड़ेगी #MyGov
0 0 The tax on alcohol and the drugs would be done the double so that the people cannot afford it
0 0 Honourable prime minister I wanted to say that you should take some steps to impose the same rate of tax in every field which will be better for the poor and middle class as if 5% so that your dream of cashless India can come true.or may be the product is sold at the Indian market at mrp inclusive of all taxes
0 0 Nice steps to curve black money.
Give salary in cash to government employees to circulate new currency notes easily.
0 0 थोड़ी मुश्किल है,
पर सुनहरा कल है ।
मरम्मत नहीं,
राष्ट्र नव निर्माण ही हल है ॥
0 0 Dear PM Ji!.   Congratulations for your bold step on demonitisation.   Further about monies deposited in Jan Dan SB a/cs to the tune of R. 75000/- crores, my suggestion will be please make it compulsory to get IT clearance for withdrawals from all suspicious accounts.   This will solve and reduce the work burden of IT dept.   Wish the scheme to become all success.
0 0 nukad 17@08@2016 
सेवा मे
श्री श्रीमान प्रधानमन्त्री महोदय
भारत सरकार
7 रेस कोस नई दिल्ली
विषय-धमकाना और जबरहन कब्जा करना
माननीय प्रधानमन्त्री महोदय
    निवेदन यह है प्राथीं श्रीकृष्ण दास सिंघल पुत्र श्री रामेश्वर दयाल निवासी गॉधी गंज गुलावठी बुलन्दशहर उ०प्र० ने गॉव सिलारपुर खादर थाना सैक्टर 39 नौयडा गौतमबुदृनगर उ०प्र० मे दिनांक15/04/1988 को नेपाल पुत्र भरता निवासी गॉव सिलारपुर नौयडा गौतमबुदृनगर उ०प्र० से बेनामा दवारा खरीदी थी जिसमे रास्ता आम कायम साफ लिखा है
उपराsक्त हिस्सा खेत न०
0 0 Sir,
To digitiza india it is necessary to educate people about it.
Bur now a days due to demonitization, it is necessary to provide some easy platform for cashless india.
There should be some app/Waller which is connected directly to our mobile number. This wallet can be recharged from credit/debit card/internet banking/E mitra. Then a code is provided for every person/ merchant. Then only by SMS in specific form payment can be done to merchant who r connected through it.
0 0 To add to my comment earlier, Aforestation of the complete stretch of the highways can be a part of the contract with the companies developing the stretch of the highway. Suggestion would be to include this clause as part of the contract with the companies for all new projects coming up. The existing highways can be either given to the companies maintaining it currently or reputed / interested NGOs in a particular state
0 0 Dear Hon'ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi Ji,
Sir, Good Morning and have a nice beginning of the day !
and have a good day to all with Thanks !!
Smart India Hackathon 2017 is a good innovative and a part of intellectual thinking   this will give a good result to our nation  India !
With this hope lets begin the day !
0 0 Namaste P.M. , I know this is not relevant to the title, but still like 2 share,there should be only three types of reservations
1. Economical Backward Class
2. Adiwasi Kalyan
3. State Level
Rest all to be open ,
This black money exposure can help us to restructuring reservation system point by point, if we will be able to track the family income somehow , we will be able to find the economic condition of that family to literate their kids , so where we can stop giving them reservation.
0 0 Can only college goers participate in this innovate.mygov and hackathons and not the general public and professionals?
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी कैशलेस ट्रांझ्क्शन एक अच्छा कदम है पर इससे होनेवाले फायदे तथा इसे उपयोगमे कैसे लाये इस लिये जनजागृती करना बेहद जरूरी है इस लिए मेरी दरखास्त है की छोटे छोटे गाव तथा शहरोमे आपके माध्यमसे जनजागृती तथा ट्रेनिंग कराए इससे जनमानसमे काफी हदतक संतुष्टी आएगी
0 0 Today a large number of youth despite being well qualified/skilled, are running from pillar to post for the JOBS/EMPLOYMENT. Unemployed youth take to gossiping and become an obstacle in nation's social/political/economic progress. An App that actually registers the number of Employment opportunities created vis a vis number of Unemployed Youths growing in the country; An App to invite ideas as to how to employ men and women on a mass scale industries in this regard, like China Model.
2 0 Dear Sir, Considering the lack of rains and pollution, there is an urgent need to have more trees. The road divider on the thousands of KMs or highways, can be used to plant crores of trees helping the environment plus adding beauty and shade to the roads along with water retention capacity and significant reduction of carbon foot print in the air. The situation is getting out of control and has to be addressed on SOS basis.
0 0 I feel to put governance in everybody's reach,the way must be easy and accessible.And Internet is a such big source to connect everybody.But problem is more than 60% of population don't use internet and those using of them many are not educated.So they don't recognize the benefits of internet. We need to educate people before making India digital.Since much of our population still lives in rural areas.Some Effective government centres need to be opened there which might help.
1 1 I know a tea vendor, who is selling T worth Rs 10000 daily, but he says he cannot go digital, because he has to pay rent of the space which is approx Rs 80000/- in cash only. His owner is a big shot who does not accept check and thus make this black money. How is govt going to tackle such situation?
0 0 This can even be taken upto united nations whereF Fundamental Rights of Children can be included in the UN charter so that the policies made by different nations include them. For eg. Africa is going through a demographic change and its population is increasing at a very faster rate and slowly they will come to a situation where the mouths increase the resources, a sort of irreversible situation. The first casualty of poverty are the children.
1 0 Fundamental Rights of Children:
All Children till the age of 16 shall be the responsibility of the Govt.. If any child cannot take care of himself due to poverty, abusive parents etc shall be given care in the form of food, education and other things important for the growth of a child. By defining the fundamental rights of a children for 1 generation of 36 years we can eliminate plenty of future criminals and other abusers. The fundamental right of children is very very important.
0 0 Any person who claims himself to be god loving can find his god begging on the streets, working in tea shops, not having proper care to be taken off. This crime and great sin is being committed right in front of our eyes in great daylight and we are as considering ourselves civilized people do nothing. The child exploitation & torture goes a long way in shaping his or her personality and they most of them become the future criminals and themselves the perpetrators of heinous crimes.
0 0 The children who do not get affection, education basic resources and are leading an impoverished life is the greatest sin we are collectively doing against the humanity. See the children on the traffic signals begging for 2 rs or 4 rs. is the live example of this great sin. They are brought to this world by their irresponsible poor parents in hope that they will see their conditions improvising but what happens is the opposite, the more the children they have the more the resources gets divided
1 0 Inhuman Condition of poor childrens is a crime against humanity
The population of India has risen above the explosive stage. Any steps taken to curb poverty will result in failure if the population which is  Resources/ Population doesn’t gets controlled. The main victims and suferers of this population growth are the children of India,
Children are considered as the face of God in the earth and bringing them to this world without having enough resources is a deep rooted sin against humanity.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister,
there is a huge problem....STRAY ANIMALS. Please help us both.
2 0 SIR AS A YOUNG STUDENT I GIVE YOU A SUGGESTION THAT ,MOST OF THE PEOPLE OF OUR NATION HAVENT HAD A) FINANCIAL LITERACY,B)AGRICULTURE  LITERACY.
1)I BEEING A STUDENT NGO,I REQUEST YOU START A HEALTHY COMPETITION AMONG COLLEGE STUDENTS BY TELLING THEM TO ADOPT A VILLAGE & PROVIDE KNOWLEDGE ON NATURAL FARMING & FINANCIAL LITERACY AMONG VILLAGERS BY COLLEGE STUDENTS.
2)YOU AWARD THOSE COLLEGE STUDENTS WHO CHANGED TO DIGITAL,NATURAL&FARMING VILLAGE100%.
3)SO THAT IT USEFUL TO STUDENTS ALROUND DOV.
0 0 Lot of workers in organized and unorganized sector work under various departments, PSUs institutions of government. Government may ask all these organizations to depute one or more suitable persons on voluntary basis as technology coordinators who apart from their regular duties are willing to teach every one in their area how to use e-wallet or UPI for cash less transactions. This shall be particularly useful for people who are near the bottom of hierarchy and contractual workers.
0 0 We can promote digitization in India only when it provides an integrated approach to the various initiatives taken by the government, so that they work in tandem to provide benefit to the people of this country. For example, we can integrate the current banking network with the UIDAI linked Aadhar Card and use the demonetization initiative currently taken up by the government to plan, implement and fund a social insurance scheme for each and every Indian. One such plan has been sent to PMO.
0 0 Sir,
This is for "ministry of power"
Our india producing lakhs of engineers but at the same time lakhs of unemployemet
I have small idea for that unemployement
Please getrid of these power distribution from the governament
Make it as disrtibutive allow private companies same as genereation
Then no need of pays lakhs of rupees to AEs same cost you can provide min 3 posts and save the public money...
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
You are giving a great service to the nation.
Small suggestion.
Please distribute tokens to the people who are standing in Queues outside ATMs and in Banks. Simple token is to put a date stamp on small piece of paper and write number.
Many people lost their lives because of standing in queues. This small measure will make a positive difference.
Regards,
Shrirang
0 0 सर नमस्कार
स्किल इंडिया प्रोग्राम में हजारों युवा trained हो रहे हैं लेकिन काम सिखने से क्या होगा अगर उनके पास रोजगार न हो तो, आपसे request है की private या government companies को कम low educated but trained youth को भी रोजगार देने के लिये order दिए जायें...
2 0 માનનીય વડાપ્રધાન શ્રી,
નરેન્દ્રભાઈ મોદી સાહેબ,
નમસ્કાર,
બાબત: દેશના હિતમાં ધારસભ્યો, સંસદસભ્યો નો આજીવન પેનસન બંધ કરવા માટે
“દેશ માટે પેન્શન એજ ટેનસન”
1 0 Sir, they are so many students studying in gov college, in Karnataka this gov ploytechnic colg o engineering colg are nt meant for rank students it ll b for d ppl frm poor background.all ppl who hve rank n mony dey ll get seat in autonomous n good institution so i kindly request you to cum to each colg n take d students. These ppl dnt hv much English knowledge but dey hve brain Dan dose ppl.. they think differently but dnt hve opportunity. It's my humble request dat pls visit each gov colg first
3 0 close to Pention scheme of MLA AND CENTRAL MINISTERS
0 0 Now is the right time to launch JAN ANDOLAN(like Swatchh Bharat) to educate the masses the technique of using smart phones to create cashless society as under;
-E cash transfers, downloading apps,booking tickets,also WhatsApp, Twitter & Skype.
Venue could be schools/classrooms.
A small fee could be charged for the purpose.
0 0 as per the required licences the documents required portal will open. The licensee have to just upload the documents and a date is given for verification of documents .A deadline of issuing of licences will be given like passport registration and if the required licences are not given by the licencing authority will be answerable for this.Sir my 90% of starting capital,1.5ys (time) was wasted under table. kindly look into this mater seriously the pain of Indian  youth    .
0 0 Happy Morning Dear Mr Modiji .Now the core topic of my is "making a digital green environment for business".I don't have any idea about GST. Now i would like to tell the problem arising to start a business.If anybody want to start a business he have to take a several type of licences from different departments of state and central government and the 90% of the documents are almost same. kindle make one portal and have a choice to the business men to select the required licennces .
2 0 Hello Modi Sir
I am extremely happy that you are our prime minister.  I want to see you as my lifetime prime minister.
Sur,  i have a few suggestions.
1-  All government offices should be made mandatory to collect cash through PoS.
2. I see that in practical life,  government is not promoting solar energy.  Solar panels are too costly.  Solar loans should be promoted.
3. Pls introduce PoS reduction offer so that even very small shop keepers or even taxi drivers can afford it.
1 0 Why isn't India going Solar? If the Govt supports Solar energy the cost solar panels will automatically reduce. Solar panels should be installed on rooftops of 100%buildings of India,be it govt or Pvt. Mass production will bring down costs. Start phasing out fossil fuel driven vehicles and making electric or solar the standard norm for vehicles in India. This will make India a energy surplus economy and there will be electricity in every house. It enhances the productivity.
1 0 श्रीमान
सादर चरण स्पर्श। प्रथम हमे गर्व है कि हम एसे ओजस्वी प्रधानमंत्री की नीतियों पर चलकर देश के लिए कुछ करने की तत्परता मे लयबद्ध चल रहे है। माननीय हम आपको सुझाव नही दे सकते लेकिन १ विचार बहुत दिनों से मेरे मन मे जागृत हो रहा कि काला धन को पूर्णतया निकालने के लिए पुराने १००० और ५०० की नोट को मकान किरायों और सम्पत्ति के किरायों मे लागू किया जाय जिससे हमे कुछ हद तक अघोषित सम्पत्तियों को जान पाने और जमाखोरो के बारे मे पता चल सकेगा।
               प्रणाम।
0 0 Namasthe modiji on behalf of ganga mamatha no one can say your idea fail.I have read about hackathon in news paper I am very happy about it negative mind can be converted using this . many person like me interested in this because we work hard to hack or loot money from others but it is often utilised by wrong person because of coruption. when anybody read above line think where corruption comes just sit back and think of it.
1 0 Hello Sir, I would like to send gifts for few families of Indian soldiers. I want to show them some appreciation for what they do to protect us. Could you please provide me contact person's name and info where I can make sure it reaches to the right people and family.
Thank you for everything you are doing to make our country great, we are with you.
0 0 Respected Sir,
To promote the cashless transaction please limit cash withdrawal Rs.10000/- in a month from their saving/ salary account. Current Account / Business account holder can transfer any amount from one account to another account without any fees or at a nominal fees. It should be compulsory to pay in all Government / Private educational institute,  Hospital/ Nursing Homes, Petrol/ Diesel / CNG pump, kendriya bhandar and nagar palika taxes through cheque/ DD/debit/ credit card only.
0 0 मानव रहित रेल्वे क्रासिंग गेट Project   मानव रहित रेल्वे क्रासिंग गेट Project
हमारे पास मानव रहित रेल्वे क्रासिंग गेट के लिए साउंड सिस्टम आधिरित प्रोजेक्ट है मै भारत सरकार रेल मंत्रालय को देना चाहता हु इससे मानव रहित रेल्वे क्रासिंग गेट की दुर्घटना बंद हो जायगी | हमारा प्रोजेक्ट इंजीनिरिंग सिस्टम पर आधारित है | इसके इंसटाल करने में खर्च  एक गेट में लगभग 8000 To10,000     आना सम्भित है | ------
0 0 विषय  : कोई कभी नकली नोट  नही छाप सकेगा , हर आम आदमी स्मार्ट फ़ोन मोबाइल एप्लीकेशन  से जाँच सकेगा सर्जिकल      मैं आपके इस प्रोजेक्ट से एक कदम और आगे का प्रोजेक्ट प्लान माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नरेंद्र मोदीजी को प्रेजेंट करना चाहता हु |
0 0 Sir, I want to thank PM Shri Narendra Modi who launched the campaign Digital India on 01 Jul 2015 to connect rural areas with high speed internet and improving digital literacy. After demonetisation the India is moving towards cashless by adopting the digital methods of payment but I want to mention that kindly make a strict law on cyber crime. And I want to add that every police station in India has a desk for common people of India to report the issue which pertains to cyber crime.
0 0 Dear sir,
My heartful thanks to you, we are happy for having you as our prime minister.sir the government has to concentrate on work of bank managers still some of the managers are supporting people those who are having black money simply they are changing their funds with the help of bank managers on commission basis .nobody is working for nation working only for their favour.am requesting government to pave more attention on this program.
1 0 Dear Sir,
I have an idea of simplified way to transact money to small vendors. Kindly go through the attachment file.
0 0 Dear sir,
 If you want India,a world great cashless society. Then you have to ban notes upto 100 rupees and increase productivity of swiping machines. You also order RBI that they teach and make atm card who has no card . You also spread these swiping machines into all shopkeepers by giving subsides and ban all sur-charges so that no one could eat money. If this things happen there is no need of anything and aĺl bank lines will automatically disappeared.
0 0 Respected Modi ji , aapna jan dhan yojana account m 10000 ki limit set ki h ...but M aaoko suggest karna chaunga aap usma transfer amount k liya bhi limit lao bcz people easily transfer the amount from Jan dhan yojana to saving account as well as aap shopping k liya bhi strict action lo against jan dhan yojana account .. plz consider my suggestion ...bcz people definately transfer the amount fRon jan dhojana account to abother account through rtgs n next
0 0 Dear Mr  PM
All Police should be at Central Level and be accountable to one authority,Not Statelevel, this leaves scope for state interference and various standards across the status for the common cause, results in duplication, waste of public money, lack on central accountability, hamper the speed to act swiftly due to state interference.
Home is one,  So all home security and management should be managed by common authority, with same uniform across the board, with one nation message
1 0 Dear Sir/Madam,
                                 I am sending you my published book sample for the advertisement in your madhurima .  My book is available in all E-commerce channels. This book contains motivational quotes for people. The messages from this book will surely be helpful to lot of people who requires help in their journey of life. I have attached so many links and pic of my book. I am waiting for your positive reply.
0 1 Dear sir
For smart India I had suggestion that  ban on liquor.This will give us Smart,clean and healthy india
0 0 Respected Modi ji
Steps taken by ur govt to improve our country is outstanding. But acc to me these steps are not alone enough. We ol are still facing basic problms in ol ovr india. Problm facing in any license making, passport formation, account openings etc why still it ol on state domicile based. We r citizens we ol have rit to make any license any where in across india. We have major id as adhaar card bsed on adhaar card ol citizens living in any part of country should provided ol facilitis
