7 0 Dear Sir, I have idea for " MAKE IN INDIA " PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHED FILE 
0 0 Dear Sir, 
0 0 Sir, I have idea where " make in India " sucess through our plan. please see the attached 
14 0 Using Aadhaar number in elections will plug many illicit practices going on in the elction process. It can also let a citizen to vote from any polling booth he wants as his identity can be unmistakenably established. All the bank branches can serve as a polling booth. It will serve a lot of people working away from their hometown. 
3 0 Dear sir, I want to make one point for which this may not be the right forum. please instruct your people to make it a bit simpler to search a forum or even to create a new forum if required. Coming to the point I want to make, Now that we have already spent crores of rupees in acquiring bio-metric details of people of our countries for giving them an unique identity number.(Intended to be used for plugging subsidy leakages). But the same can be used in elections. 
12 0 Dear sir. One concern that salaried people face in our country is they pay heavy taxes as long as they are earning and once they retire govt does not provide any social security or pention and then they are left on their own. This is not the case in other countries who charge equal tax as in our country. Medium class people dont get any benefit like medical or school or housing from govt considering quality of services offered but are paying max taxes. 
10 0 Respected sir. I think there should be some open forum/group where citizens can share views their general views and not any group/topic specific views. i would like imphasize need to bring in rich farmers in tax bracket. Where small farmers are dying because of income related concerns, rich farmers  are buying real estates and luxury cars by cash while enjoying all subsidies meant for poor farmers. This will not only help in growth of our country but will also put control on black money. 
3 0 CSR programmes are self Designed by the Corporates.Govt should design the requirement and make the Corporates show their responsibility to the Public.Corporates can Maintain the Entire or Partial Requirement of the City or the Location arround them or anywhere in India.Solar Installation for their Full or Partial Power Requirements should be insisted.Statue Cleaning, Road Maintenence etc can be given to them depending on their CSR capability. 
1 0 Respected sir, here is suggestion which is related to #skilldevelopment program,if someone want to learn something than it is not available in there city some programs are paid means we can't learn them withing paying fee. what happen to those who can't pay or can't go out of city. is #skilldevelopment program is only for richers///they can get skills without this program. please open gov. learning centers in all main cities or near to city.... 
1 1 sir, who is responsible for non payment of salary and gratuity of pvt sector employee because all govt deptts transfer my case from one deptt to other deptt. I attach my all documents. 
1 0 Dear PM as we can see the drought condition in Maharashtra, Maharashtra is not only place where this happens..there are so many places.. Agriculture is a serious issue.. we all have to look in to the matter... if our farmer will happy than only we can say yes y"Achchhe Din Aa Gye", because everyone's basic need is food, we can live without vehicle, internet, mobile phones, computer, ISRO's big project, Bullet trains and many more but can't live without food. So basically our problem is (pg1) 
2 0 Here is a suggestion for Swaccha Bharat misssion, I am a resident of Mysore and I see that the roads that are layed in the city are of low quality as such but they are layed in such an unscientific way that a lot of dust is strewn around. Instead if the roads are layed completely upto to drains or footpath without any space for mud or dust, I believe India would automatically be devoid of dust and other particulate matter which is a major eyesore as well as harmful to the health of the citizens. 
3 0 Hi Modi Sir, we need to make this earth green by planting more plants as possible. I request you think about identifying empty government lands and Plant as many trees. This can be linked to waiving of loans to farmers. Who wants their loan to be waived should take the additional responsibility of doing this. The lands will be still govt lands. Also with the help of corporate companies like Wipro,cts,hcl,tcs who say they give lion share of their profits for charity. yours sincerly Gopal 
1 0 It is not possible to make clean India a great success without thinking about air pollution through various factories & viechels.The thermal power generation plant are also heavy source of pollution. so, Govement should advertise for Solar Power use and make suitable policies for common people,so people can get electricity through solar energy & use it for domestic & agriculture section. 
1 0 Sukanya Samriddhi Account (SSA) rules are amended & No Publicity is made for more regressive rules. It is a messed up schemes where parents may not invest any money as withdrawals from the account for the purpose of education of daughter is also restricted with unwanted conditions! How do Government promote beti padhao with faulty schemes like SSA? Scheme was sold with maturity at 21 years (age) and actually turned out to be 21 years from the date of opening of the acct! 10+21=32 yrs of age. 
2 0 Statues of national leaders should have shade on top .we should not allow them in hot sun,rain for years .The statue gets discoloured . A small write up of year of the leader ,contributions to the country on granite ,proper lighting in the night using solar and L.e.d bulbs ,garden,prevention of birds,animals  near the statue for cleanliness.installing maintenance free clocks to attract attention and cleanliness of the place.This should happen in all cities and towns. 
1 0 Sir charan Sparsh my self Malay from Varanasi.sir I want to add one thing that every Mantralay working hard like Piyush ji Prabhu ji so on.but general public not aware of that.if we can manage a meeting at lest 5 Mantralay and show it to TV under ur supervision with good panel whom people really relay.it can Chang the focus of general public.like what last month that Mantralay did n what they planning for next month.if it can happen ur team hard work really shown to general public.lets try.rgds 
1 0 we Indian people just passing from one hand to antother Hand, we still Gulam, we do hardwork for our family but big portion give as TAX for develop India, but we are Fool political party who day night talk about india develop inspite of they are getting Political Fund in coror still they have no Single Rupess Tax on it why??? at least some amount of Tax should in Political Fund, we talk about Black money biggest black money is in our political part Fund, Modi for Change so please think on it 
0 0 MY INDIA GOOD AND HEALTHY 
0 0 GOOD AND HEALTHY INDIA ********* 
1 0 These days we are finding that a lot of tension is generated by our neighboring country and in this respect I want that in all the schools a compulsory NCC training should be practiced because it will help our people to become more disciplined and also giving strength to our country as a whole. 
1 0 This is a tragedy for India that after getting Independence from British rule we never concentrated for the nation building process. The Basic asset for any country is its people and and I think that right from childhood the basic structure of nation building block should be framed in the child mind and it should be regularly practiced without any religion or language divide. 
1 0 Corruption is like a cancer to the Nation, terrorist attacks all because of corruption. We tasted the evil the maximum, Now new generation has to be trained as per Honesty, sincerity, love for nation. All the doctors who has given free seat based on the talent has to serve to villages. 
3 0 Beloved PM First step to development of India: 1. corruption free 2. All Government officials has to work effective 8 hours per day. 3. Need not bring black money from abroad there is black money within India. 4. Only few people honestly file tax returns. for whom Income tax department harass there are 95% people not coming under taxation, department is least bothered to bring them into tax net. 5. House property 30% or actual deduction whichever is less deductible 
0 0 My view is to decrease the crime rate in India.there are lot of scheme regulated to reduce crime.My idea is that a person should be bewared about crime from his childhood.it can be done by sanskar explained in Hindu culture. If a mother give her child proper nourishment and proper direction should be given by acadmics . if it is possible than we can stop crime to great extant. 
0 0 My view is to decrease the crime rate in India.there are lot of scheme regulated to reduce crime.My idea is that a person should be bewared about crime from his childhood.it can be done by sanskar explained in Hindu culture. If a mother give her child proper nourishment and proper direction should be given by acadmics . if it is possible than we can stop crime to great extant. 
1 0 gov should issue a rank of decreasing order of clean cities including a list clean villages also and provide them promotion and demotion to their clean-worker. by which they will do their duty properly to get promotion and for escape demotion. also gov should gifted those citizens who are trying to keep their country clean .this will be a master stroke in clean india campen. 
0 0 Sir, VHSND Village Health Sanitation Nutrition Day is a important platform for rural India. We need your guidance to further strengthen and further improve the quality of services of the the VHSND across India. 
1 1 Govt should bring Law where any media channel or a public figure is prohibited from using the name of community , cars , religion or society publicly . It know fac that the objective of accusing community , cast is to creat hatred and build exclusive boat bank by politicians and public figures . If Media is barred then politicians will find it difficult to reach to public . 
2 0 I order to improve Justice system , create Ombudsman for civil matters . Make MPs and MLAS as Ombudsman in line with Panchayat system . We must ensure that Justice is delivered in max 30 days TAT. Is not too expensive to do but most important . This alone can solve Kashmir & NE problem and avoid situation like JAT agitations . People are frustrated today and therefore find excuse to vent anger. In addition also ficus on sports to change the mind of youth of the country . This  is real SURAJYA 
1 1 The approach of the govt should be to relax the rules more and more and bring accountabilty of public through efficient Justice system . For this on priority increase number judges and courts , consumer courts so that Justice is delivered in 30 days max . Swatch Bharat is failed campaign because I cannot go to court if road in my society is not cleaned due to hassle . 
0 1 This Year instead of cleaning statues, lets clean dry beds of river, lakes and dams and make them more deeper. Benefit: More water storage capacity, cleaner water, less cost of cleaning and above all in case of excess water it will save us from flooding and using the access water positively. 
0 0 Honourable minister they don his duty well. welcome and respect them.good idea to removing their statue in centre of the street and roads.and rush areas. 
0 0 Atleast from now onwards stop keeping the statue of leaders. more important things like 100% education to one and all, free treatment of health, employment ,skill development population control, pollution control, speed justice, more importance for agriculture,political representation according to their population,lessons against smoking, drinking, drugs, sucides, awareness on road rules, keeping plants, water harvesting pits all over the country, these are very important than statue cleaning. 
1 0 In every college has one NSS unit by using them we can clean the near by bus stand or railway station 
0 0 What a wonderful idea to respect our elders and leaders!!!. Most of the birds are using our leaders as toilet. None of the present political leaders have the courtesy to clean it, even though they are declaring holidays and using them for their vote bank etc. Look at the same leaders statues in other foreign countries, they are maintained very well. Only in India we never respect them after their death. If we remember our parents after death, we remember even our leaders. Thanks. 
0 0 Lets stop wasteful expenses celebrating 100-150-200 Birthdays of departed leaders , lets be honest today no one is interested in such occasions except being a vote bank ,I agree this leaders then contributed so statues are installed , now maintaining this statues on every of the Birthday , Death Day several tonnes of flowers are wasted garlanding the statue in such was that the face also is not visible ,million tonnes of water is wasted washing statues and place nearby lets find innovative way 
0 0 c) Bring in some kind schemes wherein the general public can participate specially youths, for example swachh Bharath.but however ur presence is most important to achieve that..hence please join people whenever time permits to feel ur presence.that would definitely bring changes.there was wave initially..but now things luks monotonous..hence some kind happening things shld be der.& youth shld be the first one to participate...may be in this drought season.u shld make youth to feel & help people 
2 0 Dear Sir, a) There is no reply on our suggestions nor any appreciation on the matters we bring in. Please let us know whether things accepted or any changes required. b) There is officer called Ashok Kumar Singh (IFS) from Karnataka getting retired by June end as HOUF of karnataka forest dept. Very honest and willing to work under ur guidance. He is the person whom u can expect to work live any other CEO of the pvt company, goal oriented , good at implementation. 
0 0 To The Hon,ble Prime Minister (Govt of India) New Delhi- 1 Respected Sir We, the Members of Kandi Railway Sanjukta Karan Committee have Received a letter from Eastern Railway Construction Department kolkata. Letter no CAO/ Con/  W/ 1574/CPGRAMS , Dated; - 01&04- 04. 2016. Present status regarding of new Railway line from Chowrigachha Station to Sainthia Via Kandi has already Completed. Construction work of the ROB in lieu of the existing ROB over Sainthia station has been Stared.pleasehelpus. 
1 0 we have started portal which gives schemes of different ministries. and other government related information which helps Like ministers of all state, MPs, CMs. we inspired from digital india. http://www.newincept.com/ http://www.newincept.com/central-government-schemes.html http://www.newincept.com/central-government-bussiness-schemes.html http://www.newincept.com/central-government-who-is-who.html 
0 0 राष्ट्रीय पर्वों की जीवन में महत्ता जागृत हो कर बनी रहे, उसका ये भी एक आयाम है और नैष्ठिक रूप से सभी का इस पर ध्यान और सहयोग अपेक्षित है. अभी जोधपुर ने एक मिसाल कायम की है.. उपेक्षित उजाड़ खुले रंगमंच को स्वयंसेवी श्रम से निखार कर. परन्तु प्रशासनिक सहयोग और सहभागिता बिना किसी भी पहल को साकार करना कठिन होता है. महापुरुषों के विग्रहों की देखभाल और रखरखाव का उत्तरदायित्व किसी को तो लेना ही पड़ेगा.... 
1 0 scout guide and ncc troops from school and colleges can do the activity of cleaning statues. that would be encouraging the students to know about the personalities,increasing their love and affection towards nation and the feeling of i have done something for my country/area/society. that would be a memorable events for them . 
0 0 Please put responsibility on local municipality and RWA to the maintenance the statues. 
3 0 There are nano-coatings available based on silicones, which are very fine material which when applied on the statues, develop aa fine high skid coating on the surface, enabling any accretion not stick on to the sculptures/ statues, and just wiping of with a cloth is good eneough to clean the accretions like bird droppings, soot etc. Government labs in CSIR, DST, ISRO, BARC etc can develop these nano-high skid materials to supply the same anywhere in the country. 
1 0 Dear Mr PM Countries like Singapore etc are predominatly importing their grains from countries like India and other SEA countries. Why can't we have a proper business model to share the investment from Singapore and export a fixed percentage of grains to them back as a return. This will improve job creation, investments, and relationship with our friendly nation. 
0 0 Dear Mr PM Do not too much focus on these small objectives. Is it possible to link Ganga with other rivers. Everyday the cost of "linking river" project is growing. Divert the funds by providing work to farmers to work on this project, bring some private partnership, tourism, transport etc for this project. Every indian citizen will be happy and it is permanent problem (1) Job creation (2) Agriculture (3) tourism (3) Power (4) water transportation (5) GDP etc.  Please consider 
0 0 What a wonderful idea to respect our elders and leaders!!!. Most of the birds are using our leaders as toilet. None of the present political leaders have the curtsey to clean it, even though they are declaring holidays and using them for their vote bank etc. Look at the same leaders statues in other foreign countries, they are maintained very well. Only in India we never respect them after their death. If we remember our parents after death, we remember even our leaders. Thanks. 
0 0 Arre vahan interiors me aakal pada hai, kai jille paani ke boond boond ko taras rahe hai, maharashtra gov, 50 containers vali train se interior jille me paani pohocha rahi hai, aur aap log yahan statue saaf karne ki soch rahe hai. Dosto mere khayal se ye samay putle dhone ka nahi ( due respect to the pure departed souls ). Agar mai galat bol raha hoon to mujhe kshma kijiye. 
0 0 #StatueCleaning 
0 0 maf kijiye par mai hindime jyada achha bata sakata hu pahale to ek particular area me kitane statue hai WO dekhe aur kitane school college hai wobhi dekhe fir Jo bachhe 8,9,10,11,12 me padhate hai WO dekhe aur uname apani marjise Jo samil hona chahe uname statue cleaning ke liye bat de aur har 6 ya 12 mahineme unhe enam de Jo sabase achha rakhega usaka satkar ho isase uname ek tarahaki competition hogi aur statues bhi clean honge yarfir Jo dharmik sanstane uname bat de wobhi karenge 
1 0 government is taking initiatives to developing skills and promoting entrepreneurship among youth. here is few reference. http://www.newincept.com/central-government-bussiness-schemes.html 
0 0 Following are my suggestions 
0 0 While building smart city we always worried about the purified drinking water, cleanliness and effective transport mechanism. 
0 1 sir by putting expense &Add Taxes will not be solution Avoid Tax increase 1. Promote Tree Planting. .fund to free Tree guard and Trees 2. Avoid Papers in Govt or private to save trees 3. promote Rupee Card and swipe machine to save currency paper notes and ATM Machine cost as well 
0 0 sir by putting expense &Add Taxes will not be solution Avoid Tax increase 1. Promote Tree Planting. .fund to free Tree guard and Trees 2. Avoid Papers in Govt or private to save trees 3. promote Rupee Card and swipe machine to save currency paper notes and ATM Machine cost as well 
0 0 sir by putting expense &Add Taxes will not be solution Avoid Tax increase 1. Promote Tree Planting. .fund to free Tree guard and Trees 2. Avoid Papers in Govt or private to save trees 3. promote Rupee Card and swipe machine to save currency paper notes and ATM Machine cost as well 
0 0 Sir, I got this image as a forward in a watsapp group. Picture taken yesterday in Bangalore near Hoodi circle. Lots of vehicle come in opposite direction and if there is sincere drive to challan these vehicles will come to stop and hence extra unethical income to traffic inspectors will also stop. Please take action and check for authenticity. #CleaningTheCore 
0 0 JHS-BZM railway electrification on single line has been till handed over to RE, mins it is a new electrified section age only 3-4 years.  But in yard 80% existing structure must be cut due to wrong OHE Design by RE. They provide PORTAL in every step in place of TTC/Single Mast. Please do needful from your end as early as possible, because our doubling project related OHE layout plan is going to submit as per client instruction using PORTAL in every setp. (ECR, JHS-BZM railway electrification 
0 0 Please save national property with your skill & experience. My honourable prime minister trying to improve INDIAN future. So, utilized fund for new construction not invest money in modification. 
0 0 Railway electrification now going through all over the India. But in the attached doc. there is nothing mention about the posting guidance of OHE mast. Previously the track centre (TC) mention in ESP is 5.3m i.e. when the minimum implantation was 2.5m (2.5+2.5+0.3 = 5.30) but now it modified as 6.5m (2.9+2.9+0.70) for minimum implantation 2.90m. It is so clear that in between track traction mast should be provided and railway electrification should be design on single mast location for reducing 
0 0 Memorials of great personalities should be equipped with self employment / skill developmemt training centres or in any form of employment generation centres. 
0 0 Dear sir, I think for better execution of "Swachh Bharat Mission" there should be a penalty provision(e.g. Rs 200 public smoking fine) if any person throw any garbage or plastic bottle  etc. on road or at a public place. Also if any person want to stop them then these people should be given some helpline No. or police support so that before throwing they should think twice. 
1 0 #statuecleaning Add complusory 60 hrs for a year in school,college pvt instution ,govt body for clean india green india blue india (stand for save water & clean water )swachh bharat Mission .and give certification for completation for this in acadamic year .my idea of india is blue india to save water and clean water with low cost cleaning ideas . BLUE INDIA BLUE INDIA BLUE INDIA 
1 0 #StatuCleaning Today Dr.Ambedkar jayanti performed at Liberty Circle of Hyderabad veryGrandly. But Road opposite to his great statue is named after USTAD BADE GHULAM ALI KHAN, A pakistani classical singer. Governments must change it to "Bharataratna Babasaheb Bhimrao Ramjee Ambedkar Road" From Basheerbagh upto charminar in Hyderabad 
0 0 #StatueCleaning Today Amdekar jayanti, but his teachings are being distorted to suit each ones interests by different groups. “I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.” -Dr.BR Ambedkar But how many religions in Indian Union are following this advice of Ambedkar. Indian Union must test all religions for Constitutional values,respect for Citizens duties,Directive principles etc. 
0 1 MUNICIPAL CORPORATION OR SARPANCH OF GRAM PANCHAYAT MAY BE INVOLVED IN CLEANING PROCESSES.  THEY SHOULD INVITE CITIZENS BY CIRCULATING NEWS PAPER AD OR LOCAL CHANNEL ABOUT FORMATION OF TEAM UNDER THEIR GUIDANCE AND ASSIST THEM TO WORK OUT IN FULL FLEDGED. 
1 0 Sir I want to say about govt. Policy. I want govt. Explain their policy by media or news paper that how is beneficial for Indian and why is necessary. Our indian support you ... But difficulties here that we have no knowledge about ur policy's or if have ...that half part ... So please request make all policy for people by people theam.... Otherwise next time what happened in elections I can't say 
0 0 statutes of our National Heros, Freedom Fighters and persons bringing glory to Bharat should be covered with glass so that birds etc can't dirt these. there should be sufficient light in the glass boxes and arrangement of water for cleaning of the statutes at least once a week. The family & personal details of such hero/person and his contribution to bring glory to the Nation should be written in sufficiently large letters in Hindi/English and local language 
0 0 1. Names of trains can be kept on the names of martyrs (from all forces) as a tribute to them. 2. Dependeñts of the martyr can be treated as VIP in the particular train and also exempted from fare. 3. Example -  Gatimaan Express can be renamed as Pawan Express as a tribute to Late Captain Pawan Kumar. 
0 0 Sir, as we are private sector employees, you can imagine our daily work load. I would suggest that in every just make compulsory 2 days continuous off in a week. So that we can contribute at least our 1 day for nation building. This will implement "Win-Win" situation. 'Cause due to this decision people will become glad, our country will get manpower at "zero" cost, & sorry to say but, your government will become stable for years. You can publish a list of work to be done on at least 1 day. 
1 0 Sir- I would suggest that we make use of prisoners sitting idle in Indian jails. We must use them to clean government schools, highways, bus stands, railway stations, public parks. I have seen this in USA and it benefits both - the society and the prisoners. This way prisoners keep themselves fit and healthy. Prisoners in China are manufacturing cheap goods and that is why Chinese things are taking over the world. By Surinder Kumar Dhupar 
2 0 i am a regular consumer of NTC (national textile corporation) goods i request you sir to insist the all govt. uniforms and textile materials are to be purchased from NTC. so we can help the NTC and other local textile spinning mills sory to post here and sory to ask why are you not reducing the subsidies and other expenses of MP's benefit and canteen subsidies, benefit which they are used out of our tax and the free travel benefits and pension for life etc..which are discu 
1 0 We should be more tolerant about our behavior towards animals and birds, have some patience and contribute at your own, which you expect from others, enjoy serving animals. 
0 0 Stray and pet animals are a major source of litter in Delhi and prevent clean living. Moreover, in Delhi, pet owners allow their pets (often unlicensed) to litter on roads and in front of others' houses without any fear of law or concern for others. The matter directly concerns the livability of our city. It also poses law and order problems causing physical and even armed scuffles. The litter affects traffic which poses risk to pedestrians. State government is not concerned. 
1 0 I am residing in a society and it has been observed that people do not pay the maintenance charges of society  as there are no stringent rules,which may compel the members to pay the maintenance charges in time so that cleaning and other works of maintenance may be taken up.Therefore,there should be some ruling in Cooperative society act that the member is compelled to pay the maintenance charges within certain grace period.Automatically the services will be better and cleanliness can be assured 
0 0 The main problem which people face in disposing the waste material(Kachada) is that people do not find the dust bins nearby. As such there should be a policy of providing certain numbers of dust bins per 100square meter of common areas such as markets ,shopping malls, Railway stations ,Bus stand,schools and Residential societies etc. Also, their frequency of cleaning should be written on the bins, like it is written in railway wagons for their maintenance dated and next date of return. 
6 0 1)The states and center should take initiative to control the advertisements posted or fixed on the Paintings or statues of the great PITA's of the nation. 2) The teachers should bring awareness among the students to know the details of the statues of Great fathers of the nation where they located. Their teachings of the lessons of our great fathers should include this. There may be chance to took initiative to better appearance of the statues. 
8 0 its not actually related to this matter but to the SWATCH BHARAT ABHIYAN sir it will be great if each and every rapper it may be of a chocolate or of something big, it should have one logo of clean India or swatch bharat on it. because we people used to through it on streets and on roads. so it will make a good reminder. 
2 0 India should be spiritual capital of the world. This is the same country where women consider self respect, honour more than life. When invaders tried to capture queens after killing kings in unjustfully fought wars in the name of religion, the brave rajput queens jumped into fires to save their honour. Such is the greatness of people of this country. All religions are one. Humanity is the only religion. People are the only god. Dharma is the most supreme. Justice is the only refuge. Jai hind. 
0 0 India is country of moral values thats why it has been able to sustain the hundreds of years of invasion. The values protect the people, make sure that there is love and care for each other. The poverty as a result a result of foreign rule has caused many problems bt at the same time it has brought people closer to each other in this adversity. The people of india needs to be united and work for united cause of humanity, peace and happiness. Also people should not be running after money only. 
1 2 statue cleaning is basic responsibility of municipal corporations. They collect taxes from citizens. 
1 0 Dear Sir,Under Digital India Initiatives, One nodal agency should be formed may be named as JAN KALYAN KAVACH KENDRA, under Ministry Of Social Welfare. Every citizen should get ID based on their Aadhar Card. Schemes like Atal Pension Yojana, Old age pension Yojana, Health Insurance, Krishi Bima Yojana should be liked with this site for centralized monitoring, grievance redressal and it should work as a mediator between citizen and service provider of these schemes.Like CENTRALINK of Australia 
2 0 Dear Sir,Clean India is a great idea and to make it successful, we will have to give respect and honour to our cleaning employees. They should be given proper dress, gloves, proper mouth and nose cover and tools like Garbage picker so that they can do cleaning with dignity and pride.I am presently living at Sydney, Australia and felt that we should respect each citizen irrespective of their work, caste,religion. Regards 
2 0 Invite business houses and other local organisations to adopt some of them. Include it in CSR activities. 
2 0 reservation/ subsidy, concessions, preferential treatment of select people for education, job, promotion, election or anyhting are the breeder grounds for all evils in present society; to save society from corruption and other evils, enforce strictly open equal forum in all spheres of life. stop reservation in education/ job/ promotions/ elections. stop any form of subsidy to all. 
3 0 avoid any kind of reservation in any aspect of life be it social life, education, job, elections, constituency earmarking. avoid any form of subsidy/ concessions to any body; be cause, all are to be treated alike; no preference for any one; promotions in govt sector/ public sector shd be only on seniority terms; but not on any other preferential selection or reservation terms. enforce anti corruption measures in all walks of life. else, society shall deteriorate more than in the past. 
0 0 Dear Sir ,I have a great idea to promote the tourism & industrial growth policy in India; at first instance we can start with the smart city & also with the dry land of India . We can promote the Bundelkahnd by promoting & inviting Industrial & tourism policy . Sir In India there is no exhibition center , entertainment center  . Sir WE can optimize our coastal belt by developing like MACAU , HONGKONG & also like other Chinese Cities 
0 0 One right "Right to recall" must be given to the citizen of India. Right to recall means remove the elected person from their designation, if the 2/3 people of the elected person's area are not satisfied with the work of elected person. 
0 0 मूर्तियों के साथ फॉउंटैंस लगाया जाना, उनकी स्वच्छता के लिए बेहतरीन विकल्प साबित हो सकता है। जहाँ भी चौराहों पर, पार्क्स में मूर्तियां लगाई गयी हैं उनके चरणों के पास फाउंटेन सिस्टम लगा देने पर फव्वारों का पानी जब भी उन मूर्तियों पर पड़ेगा वो धुलती रहेंगी। हर शाम फव्वारे चालू कर दिए जाएँ, उनपर हल्की रौशनी का प्रबन्ध हो। इस प्रकार उस स्थान का सौंदर्य भी बढ़ेगा और मूर्तियों की स्वच्छता भी होती रहेगी। 
0 0 Hello Sir, There was a vision to connect all Indian rivers together, so there will be no water shortage. The most important is to connecting Ganga river to the southern part of the country, where we have drought situation. At the one part of the country there is flood and at the same time there is drought, even if we cannot connect the river, we can draw a cannel or a pipe system, so the water shouldn't be wastage and it will reduce flood in Bihar. Sir this is the plan which will improve our GDP 
0 0 Respected Hon'ble PM I didn't find correct open category to post my suggestions. Sorry about this, but I wanted to free my mind from these IDEAs, because of those , I have SLEEPLESS nights and I wanted to sleep. 1. For Reservation - Reservation for Admission not for Examination. 2. is it possible that govt open central police station in every state capital, for more control 3. Prevention on porn websites in india 4. Govt. Mediclaim plan - this IDEA giving me sleepless night.Please look 
0 0 Statue cleaning can be made part of social projects in schools and colleges. This will help in educating young minds about the courage of our heroes and will inspire patriotism.#StatueCleaning, #MyGov 
0 0 dear modiji i have opened the share trading business by taking icici bank franchise. people are taking less interest in this bcz of ur service tax scheme which is 14.5. kindly make it to previous scheme which is 12.5. by making this people will take interest in this business and the business will become profitable. 
0 0 I have seen you visiting our soldiers on remote location. Film stars visit them! But I have not seen any process where common people can volunteer to live a day or make small tenure with them. Sir, I believe there is a soldier in each person and he will come out. If we have some provision where civilian meets soldier, I believe we can achieve two things. They will definitely appreciate our efforts to walk along and we will have chance to make ourselves and next generations more disciplined. 
2 0 Dear respected sir, please find here with attached file. 
0 0 A new movement should start from people of this country raising the slogan "Let parliament function whatever  the government , whatever the opposition". Parliament is for the people, if MPs are wasting time , they are wasting people's hard earned money. They are deceiving and making mockery of position given by people to them. Such people are not working for India but against India. Make a law. Save this country. 
0 0 your centraldepartment building in all india toilets condition is very poor if you want survy then cansee at belapur navimumbai cidco bhavan raigarh bhavan etc itni gyada gandgi hai ki insan khada nahi ho sakta cidco navi mumbia sector 19c vashi police stn ke dewar per pesab/karke toilets se bhi jyada ganda kar rakha hai locla nmmc mai koi sunwai nahi hoti ha jisco bhi complaind karte hai vo aage our number de deta hai aam pubic chahkar bhi kuch nahi kar sakti 
0 0 namasteji kindly give instructions to states in india particularly in tamilnadu to clean all freedom figters and national leaders statues and protect all statues with iron grill gate with light facility and clean all statues by all students and social workers at the time of their birthdays and ninavu dinam days for our people thanks from kudanthai raghu and family friends madurai. 
0 0 dear sir please give instruction to all corporation nagarpalika setup in public area pikdan dustbeen with all electric pole then pubic can use them other wise pubic through dust   pik on road 
0 0 There should be ARMY RELIEF FUND just like PM Relief Fund. Every time when an armyman dies we the people of India want to help there family economically but we r helpless. The martyrs deserves a lot. A small amount of Rs 10 from 1CR people will raise an amount of 10Cr to the martyrs family. This account no should be open to public and would be well advertised. There should be a guideline to news channel that they will spread the same info in public. We want to help them we want to salute them. 
0 0 There should be ARMY RELIEF FUND just like PM Relief Fund. Every time when an armyman dies we the people of India want to help there family economically but we r helpless. The martyrs deserves a lot. A small amount of Rs 10 from 1CR people will raise an amount of 10Cr to the martyrs family. This account no should be open to public and would be well advertised. There should be a guideline to news channel that they will spread the same info in public. We want to help them we want to salute them. 
2 0 Dear sir, .        Respected sir, i m 35years women ,a indian citizen with schedule cast certificate,from last many years we r facing the strike and violence for reservation all community want reservation for any cost, latest incidents we seen in Haryana jaat aandolan for reservation,sir i want to give a gift to DR.BHEEMRAO AMBEDKAR on his BIRTHDAY ON 14Apr ,i want to return my sc certificate to the govt. Plz help to make my gift special. 
0 0 I want to start fly ash brick making plant and want to make bricks so that i may stop losses of soil and want make green India, is it covered under start-up India scheme. If it is, then kindly provide me proper guidelines. 
0 0 Please set up a education qualification to participate in election, till now up to my knowledge there were no rules or guidelines regarding educational qualification for participation in election. I think it will helps in building of the nation. 
2 0 Sir, Please have a look to the attachment (image) 
0 0 प्रोधानमंत्री जी भारत सरकार को पेट्रोलियम पदार्थ और कोयला खनी से इ अकशन से बेसुमार रूपया कमाया हैं भारत सरकार सभी आपकी बडौलात से हुआ हैं आप इस बजेड सत्रो मैं 12.05% सर्विस टैक्स करदीजिये 
0 0 only one change in university elections can bring 5 positive things skill development, social awareness, help in gov scheme implementations, priority of students in politics and improvement in social connectivity. the best part of this manner of election is to bring good name to the politics 
0 0 A new cess on service tax towards Swacch Bharat have been leveid. It is submitted that 50 percent of Cess collected in any city should be allocated to that city. There should be increase in no. of Safai karmmis with increase payment but with passion. The cleaning process must be video graphed and recorded daily for payment. Safai may be undertaken in  early morning. A proper waste management for safe disposal of wet and dry may be undertaken. 
0 0 प१ 
0 0 Simple online application on Municipal Corporation's portal are made available. Available resources are to be mentioned, volunteers will book that resources on pre-appointment basis. For the Small handy statute, associated  organization will fix a cleaning day n time. interested volunteers will attend it. jai hind 
0 0 Sir, as we have seen that politics is taking place in higher education it has been very important to change the pattern of selecting student leaders.the way of electing student leader should be educational instead of political.students who want to contest,should be given a task that should be concerned with social problems. according to their subject they should work on it and an independent agency should be deployed to rate their efforts so that a perfect leader may be elected 
0 1 Sir, I want to share my idea over Swatch Bharat. There are many Engineering students across the country and they got lot of time to take responsibility over Swatch Bharat. There are many NGO's in colleges. Please implement all the possible plans over Swatch Bharat through students and we are ready to implement those plans without any profit except the development of the nation.I hope you look forward through my idea and I will present my it fully if you like my idea. Thank you. #SwatchBharat 
1 0 Those who have power to stop or destroy government resources or overtake govt rules and regulations by the power:---they are not deserving for reservation. Reservation made for poor and helpless section of society, not for powerful section those able to snatch govt resources on name caste base reservation by his power from govt. It's give very wrong massage to society for future. 
1 0 PM sir Now Time has come:- 1). Reservation should be only for poor, so remove caste base of reservation to maintain Indian unity. 2). Make compulsory plastic money like debit/Credit cards,stop cash use and remove cash from India to remove corruption and poverty. 3). Do mediclaim compulsory for Indian people for any treatment (for unaffordable- govt will do it). Treatment should be chargeable in govt Hospitals after mediclaim. I have detail explanation over these points. 
2 0 NYC NARAYAN PATEL NYK-VADODARA 
1 0 Hello everyone .. Awareness of solar panels must be speard all over like slums, villages . More over cost of solar panels should be reduced because middle class and lower the middle class can only think of solar panels but use of them cannot be done.. if cost reduced they too can use them and compensation is done through saving lots and lot of energy. save energy all over ... 
0 0 आदरणीय PMO आप यह फोटो देखकर गावं कि हालत देख सकते हैं यह कुछ दिनों पहले कि घटना हैं पुलिस ने मनमर्जी से सफाई का कार्य बंद करवा दिया हैं 
0 0 Dear Sir, I am P A Cariappa, " I Respect the initiative". Regards. P A Cariappa. 
0 0 There several non profit organisations in India working for the benefit of citizens of India. They do approach the Government Departments/Public undertaking for fund to implement the task undertaken by them may be through Government sponsored schemes. The notifications of such schemes may not be always published in the print media, the authority may consider a single platform from where these civil societies can get these announcement. 
0 0 There several non profit organisations in India working for the benefit of citizens of India. They do approach the Government Departments/Public undertaking for fund to implement the task undertaken by them may be through Government sponsored schemes. The notifications of such schemes may not be always published in the print media, the authority may consider a single platform from where these civil societies can get these announcement. 19th February 2016 
1 0 At night times its hard to identify speed brakes on the roads so radium should be painted on the speed brakes.THANK YOU SIR 
0 0 We can use rotation policy. 
1 0 Honorable PM Worried about agitation going on,on reservation issues in haryana,want to suggest that reservation should be declared as state subject,left to the states whether they want to give reservation or not and if they want to give reservation it should also be left to the states that they can give it on economic base or cast base and caste can also be identified by states. Maybe this can solve reservations issue 
0 0 Respected sir, I have sent a very pragmatic solution to contain the formation of NPAs which are killing our banks, economy, the stakeholders of both banks and the economy. The solution approved by a team of examiners and presented in various seminars does not carry conviction with the authorities having vested interests.I have no personal interest but I have the love for the country and concern for the welfare of the people.Iam really worried the book I sent it to you may not reach your hand. 
0 0 H 
2 0 नमस्ते सर हमे जितने भी महानुभव के स्टैचु  है उनकी देख रेख की जिम्मेदारी हमारे स्कूल के बचो को दे देंनी चाहिये  जिससे   महान आत्माओ के बारे मे उन्हे!!!! जानकारी और उनकी प्रेरना भी उन्हे मिलेगी . हर स्कूल को एक स्टैचु  की देख रेख के लिये गोद ले लेना चाहिये जय हिंद जय भारत 
0 0 Respected prime minister Today while watching television  on Zee news I saw a coverage on" Solar Charkha" . I was very impressed . We should use solar energy as much as possible . I have a suggestion . The society where I reside in Mumbai  is an old society. It's a 3 storied building whose terrace leaks every year in rainy season leading to a lot of trouble to the tenants living on top floor. Also in summer the terrace get 
0 0 सर हम ICICI से Franchise लेकर Shere Trading का Terminal किये हैं Acount खुलरहा हैं मगर Investment नहीं होरहा हैं | जॉब से 14% Service Tax लागू किये हैं | Please आप इसे फिर से इस Budget मैं 12.5% कर दीजिये और Profit भी दिखाई देगा Investment भी होगा | जॉय हिन्द 
0 0 Jhulan Chatterjee Pakur सर मैं भाजपा का कार्यकर्ता हूँ श्रीमती इंद्रा गांधी जॉब पंजाब और West Bengal के ऊपर कठोर निरनॉय लेकर सभकुछ ठीक करदिये | आपभी JNU और Jadavpur मैं देश बिरोधी नारा लगाने वाले को CRPF उतार कर चामरा उधेर दीजिये हम सभ् आपके साथ हैं | जॉय हिन्द 
0 0 Dear PM, I understand that your too much focus is on generating employment and promoting tourism henceforth I was thinking you can start a project to build DISNEYLAND - Biggest DISNEYLAND, this is a great plan and will attract lot of tourists also PM please start near country side not in near state capital or developed city but start near sea sore in some village. Thank you, Sanjay 
0 0 If Corporates can be de- centralised why can't we think of Privatising educational institutes. If subsidy can be given to Haj goers,why gas subsidy be surrendered. Release all Temples from Govt hold. 
0 0 The students are more less in every state, are addicted to Narcoitics.pl control it,only thru military training. Also politics in the educational campus be stoped.ultimate sufferer are parents,hard earned money. Goondas and political goondas support these Unions. Pl stop it or privatise all Universityes and Institutions. Wash central govt.hand of financing them.SC,ST can take financial help thru banks. 
0 0 Tha Nation under you have to bring in proper guidance to youth. Discipline-It will come only thru military training of youths for 5 yrs before employment.which should be made compulsery,recruiter has to give preference to these youngsters. As regards ESI,PF,EPF these should be converted into Medical Insurence & Life Insurence.on death of the person the heir will get some amount.This way all employed will be insured. 
0 0 Sir make a solid umbrella on every statue so that birds will sit on that not on statue. By which our statue will be keep clean. A common man will not bring bucket of water and he is not allowed to touch these statues. It should be the responsibility of municipal corporation to clean these statue everyday. 
0 0 money  can not be fulfil any time they will always robbing the society. 
0 0 Have a look at the deteriorating condition of the wildlife as well as forests as they are the key producer of good air and which is also the basis to avoid diseases (Respiratory related). Nearly 50% of the medical conditions regarding lungs can be stopped. Plus governments expenditure on Infrastructure and education will go up and set the path for progress better, the best ones can pave the path for our country to grow faster. 
0 0 Please arrange to promote Clean and Corruption Free India By Streathening On line Monitering Macanism for each and every department for central and state government please set up accountability for each label please arrange to clean up mind for every powerful & rich person Every Tax Evador and supporter should be punished by throw out from society and arrange to criminal case against all those who is found get envolved in such tax evadation these are cancerous people for society their greed for 
0 0 Dear Sir, In Kanpur Some Businessmen are regularly harming your government by poluting ganga water, black money generation for donating to  anti national activists Through Madarsasa, Masjids for pressurising your government through funding for anti national campaingns In this acts some Professionals and Government officers are supporting them 
0 0 DEAR SIR THE SEARCH AGAINST MOHD IFTEKHAR WAS MANAGED BY HIS TAX CONSULTANTS CHARTERED ACCOUNTS SWARAN SINGH MUNJAL RAJ NARAIN TIWARI J CHANDRA SUDHEENDRA JAIN IN ONLY RUPEES NINE CARORES SURRENDERED IN LIEU OF TAX EVASION AMOUNT RUPEES 50 CARORES WORKED OUT BY THE OFFICERS IN SEARCH AS PREVIOUSLY I HAVE ALREADY WORKED WITH HIS GROUP COMPANIES AS ACCOUNTS HEAD FROM 2011 TO 2014 DURING THE PERIOD GROUP TURNOVER RUPEES 25 CARORES 50 CARORES 85 CARORES RESPECTIVELY THE CASH INCENTIVE LIKE DUTY DRAW 
0 0 #MyGov Along with Statue Cleaning - people and govt needs to propagate ideals, cherished visions of all our Great leaders like Patel, Nehru, Dadabhai Naouroji , Balagangadhar Tilak, Netaji, Gandhiji, Punjab Kesari Lala Lajpat Rai, Bhagat Singh, Alluri Sitaramaraju, Sarojini Naidu , Andhra Kesari Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu , Bipin chandrabose, etc in Small booklets across all schools. Govt Childrens Book trust or Publications Division needs to bring such book lets for Schools 
0 0 Respected sir, Along with Statue Cleaning - people and govt needs to propagate ideals, cherished visions of all our Great leaders like Patel, Nehru, Dadabhai Naouroji , Balagangadhar Tilak, Netaji, Gandhiji, Punjab Kesari Lala Lajpat Rai, Bhagat Singh, Alluri Sitaramaraju, Sarojini Naidu , Andhra Kesari Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu , Bipin chandrabose, etc in Small booklets across all schools. Govt Childrens Book trust or Publications Division needs to bring such book lets for Schools 
0 0 I want to clean India And convert the India In ''SMART INDIA" 
2 0 #StatueCleaning, #MyGov Sir we strongly honored your statement and the cleaning statue is not possible for female candidates without team so please in your next mann ki baat please focus on that point which a female can also do and trust me female is more dedicated to the work and more keen to see India a clean country.Your Mann ki Baat is an exceelent program and please continue it.This will be milestone for coming hundreds of years to change India. 
0 0 The problem I have found in Kochi city is lack of proper waste management. The process of collecting kitchen waste directly from home is limited to some places. There are no places where waste bins are placed to collect such waste. So people resort to throw it on roadside and open places. There should be designated places (closed room kind) with a guard to keep the waste and municipality should clean it daily. Nominal fee can be collected towards maintenance of the place and salary of the guard. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I have kind request to clean India movement. please stop production and usage of polythene carry bags in our India. it will reduce the dump waste nearly 70% every day on day to day life. In my early days i didn't seen carry bags it was in usage nearly last 10 years. sir please take immediate action otherwise India will be most polluted country in the world. 
0 0 super 
0 0 Nice 
0 0 Dear Sir,myself Jaswant Singh, Sir, I have prepared a master plan by which Govt. can make successfull Swash India Abhiyan and provide employment to 3 to 4 Lakhs youths in a single spell within 3 to 6 months,  and to same Quantity in 2nd spell. This will not make any burdan on Govt. treasure, even some amount can be earned from this project. In this regard applications from 50000 youths can be called before Budget presentation.I can attend yours office any time on 12 hrs call notice. Regards. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Please check the link below regarding Anti-slogan in JNU Campusby the traitors of Our Bharatmata. http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2016/02/jnu-den-of-anti-nationals-and-c... 
0 0 Dear sir , We need to create applications like facebook and lots of wrbsites.so that every indin who want to threw carbage in the dustbin may not able to threw because he may not would have founded near by him.therefore put dustbin for each and every 1 km. Thanking you 
0 0 My Contribution Towards Nation Building ......Nice Thought 
0 0 dear sir this is wih regards to clean India campaign my idea is government should install a dustbin in distance of every 1 km on all India basis so that every Indian who want to threw garbage in dustbin but not able to threw because he were not found any dustbin nearby him when he required for the same therefore please instruct respective governments departments for installing dustbin on every 1 k. m. 
1 0 और फिर सरकारी ऑफिसर से जान पहचान होने से या तो वो चीज़ पुरानी लगती है या फिर उसकी क्वालिटी से समझोता करना पढता है  और एक बार फिर से मैं आप का ध्यान सरकारी दप्तरों मैं काम करने वालों पर दिलाना चाहता हूँ उन्हें आज भी पूरी तनख्वाह नही मिलती क्योंकि  आज भी कमीशन ऑफिसर लेते है कोई ऐसा तरीका निकालिये की  पहले तो टेंडर की प्रक्रिया ठीक हो क्यों की हेड ऑफिस मैं ही ये प्रक्रिया होती है और वहां पर ही ९० प्रतिशत भ्र्ष्टाचार होता है कृपया ध्यान दीजिये एक ईमानदार इंसान 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी मैं आप का ध्यान सरकारी भर्ष्टाचार पर करना चाहता हूँ। क्या आप जानते है की ऑनलाइन टेंडर होने के वाबजूद किस तरह से भ्रष्टचार      हो रहा है. क्योंकि एक ही ठेकेदार कई सालों से एक ही जगह काम करता है इससे वो वहां आसानी से भ्रष्टचार    कर लेता है और भी दूसरा तरीका यह है की ऑनलाइन टेंडर होने के वावजूद ठेकेदार १०० रुपये के काम को ५० या ६० में लेता है तो सरकार सोचती है की उसको फायदा है लेकिन वही चीज़ कई बार बदलनी बढ़ती है और फिर उसकी कीमत १०० से ४०० हो 
0 0 We need to create a application which like facebook. which connect all Villages, Cities and state on one platform on internet. Every Village , City and state having its own profile page . everyone can feed their data on this profile page like information , administration, janganana , program etc. So people and government can get any information on single click. this application will play important role to make digital india. 
0 0 govt should paint a special colour on subsidy cylinder,by which a capable man could feel shame to by it. 
0 0 dear sir this is wih regards to clean India campaign my idia is government should install a dustbin in distance of every 1 k. m. on all India basis so that every Indian who want to threw garbage in dustbin but not able to threw because he were not found any dustbin nearby him when he required for the same therefore please instruct respective governments departments for installing dustbin on every 1 k. m. 
1 0 In India every train is missing its sewage system which is creating a great issue now-a-days. Every train should contain proper cleaning management. If train is having 24 bogies then each bogie should contain a sewage box where all sewage will get collected which would be by sewage trucks at every station & these trucks will dispose it with proper means including pantry cars due to this tracks will remain for ever & every bogie shoulg contain atleast 1 dustbin for dumping eatingstuff. 
0 0 माेदीजी आप देश के विकासपर ध्यान दो हर नेता अपने काल मे बढीया होता है। इस तरह बातो से देश  का हालत बिगड रहा है। 
0 0 Respected Sir, iam a citizen of india. i feel proud. i did here free envouirment to express their view.but sir iam shocking the incident happening at JNU campus,sir this is very terrible to nation.sir today the teacher or professor  of some education institute are not making right career of a student i am not blaming to all but HRD should take strict action to collage or university.sir my advise or suggestion that find out these type of people and give strong punishment as per ipc. sir you o 
1 0 Respected Sir Good Afternoon Can we have App which can be used by any citizen with a smartphone who can take picture of place/location where things are not kept hygienic or are misused and the pics can upload to a central location, which can be used by the respective location in-charges to review and take necessary action, the GPS option in the phone can help to locate the exact location so its easy to take action. Regards Savith Salian 
0 0 election do online,railway ticket do online, in train three bogi keep one house keeping to clean every 15 mints ones, next station name announcement in all bogi 
1 0 Sir , Kindly accept my respectful namaskar . The education of Swami Vivekananda and Netaji Subhash Bose is very very need to all of Students and Youth in our country . This work I also start , and want to do in large scale . I have need your support , please support me . Joy Swamiji . Joy Bharat Mata . Contact no. +919635161331 . 
0 0 Respected sir.. Kindly remember the incident of samrat Ashoka after kalinga battle and don't leave your weapons.. hit these anti nations and their supporters so hard that no one can dare to do such things in againa.because punishment is a very important tool of state n it should be used surely if needed.n it's the right time for it do it before it's too late. We want our that p.m.  modi who is strongest n bravest.who Does no wrong n doesn't allow to do wrong. Please do something. 
0 0 Respected Prime minister, Seeing the debate on JNU , A question has come to my mind. That, what happens, if the NSG/ India Army refuses to protect those persons who are either directly or indirectly sympathising the anti Indian sloganeers ? Can the government Compel them to do their duty even though they pray for enmasss voluntary leave. !!!! 
0 0 आरक्षण उसे मिलना चाहिए जो BPL(below poverty line) के अंतर्गत आता हो। इसे लागू करने से दो चीज कन्टोल होगा पहला तो जो अमीर आदमी BPL का प्रयोग करता है उस पर रोक लगाया जा सकता है । दूसरा हर गरीब आदमी को आरक्षण मील पायेगा। चाहे वह कोइ धर्म या जाती या समुदाय से जूरा हुआ हो। 
0 0 Sir,kisan kalyan mntralay ne 2App nikale."croap insurance" & "agrimarket mobil" per iski marketting kon karega ..tb tk kisi kisan ko pata nhi chalega iske bareme.hume pata hai aap marketing ke ustad ho pr sirf chunav ke wokt ..mn ki baat me bol diya to baat nhi bnti. Uske liye kisi ko marketting krni padegi nhi to Bjp ...agle kuch sal me phir se satta se gayb ...plz sir farmer ke kb ayege achhe din ...aap jo bhi farmer se related yojna banate ho uski strong marketting krvaye isse fayda hi hoga 
0 0 Hi 
0 0 while giving Duty draw back licences to importer. government should take equal valuation amount of properties from importer . some importer selling the material by importing the material on other persons by giving some benefit to them.as well as closing these firms in six to one year.they are taking much more benefit approx. 2cr.to3cr.rs per year.so government can tighten the policy about duty draw back that can help the India to take no1in world.i am citizen of India. i wanted take India  no 1 
0 0 NEHRU YUVA KENDRA KOZHIKODE NYC CLEANED 7 STATUES ARROUND KOZHIKODE 
0 2 Remove the all statues from public places and  keep and maintaining by concerned political party. because, it is creating lot of nusince to public. like, traffic jam, not able to timings reached by EMERGENCY SERVICE VEHICLES [police,ambulance, fire]. GANDHIJI'S STATUE IS EXEMPTED. 
1 0 dear Sir, kindly rescue the LAKHS OF fixed deposit holders from defaulted corporates in all over INDIA. KINDLY CONSIDER 2013 ACT IMPLEMENTATION AND GIVE BREATHING PERIOD TO GENUINE CORPORATES. 
1 0 देश में खुले आम शराब तम्बाकू आदि सभी नशे की चीजो पर प्रतिबंध लगाकर देश की साफ़ सफाई में योगदान दे सकते है यदि नशे  में प्रतिबंध लग जाये तो १. थूकने वाली गंदगी नहीं होगी २. लोगो का पैसा बचेगा ३. लोगो का स्वास्थ्य अच्छा होगा ४. युवा भटकेंगे नहीं ५. देश का स्थास्थ्य और शिक्षा का पैसा सही उपयोग होगा 
0 0 I am fighting against corruption, but now I realized how hard it is to fight against corruption and it is not only me, but along with me my family is also suffering. But we are born in India and we know in Gita it is mentioned that the path of truth is full of fight but in the end truth wins let see whether it is true in my case or not. I will fight. 
0 0 Dear pmji now worldwide economical slack you are known because budget is very important now gst is very compulsory in budget worldwide marketing develop India make products therefore tax&export way easily must jaihind 
0 0 corporate and private companies should be encouraged to adopt and maintain non political statues and they can place their advertisements , every medium and major company should adopt minimum  one statue. 
0 0 Aur ek baat about clean India..... Sir aaj India me bhut badi tadat me log hai Jo gandagi nahi karana chahate....lekin vo n chahte huye bhi gandagi karate hai...kyon ki vaha pass me koi dustbin nahi hota... 
0 0 Dear prime minister...thanks alot to give us a chance to share something with you...sir hum apne shahidonki shahadat se bahut dukhi hai... Kai soldiers aise the Jo unke pariwar Mai akele earning person the...kya hum us shahid jawan ka bank account nikal sakate hai jisme 125 Cr logon Mai se sirf 1% logone bhi usme kam se kam rashi bhi deposit Kare to usase bahut bda ammount ho sakta hai...aur us pariwar ko bhut bdi madad ho sakti hai.. 
1 0 Cleaning statue is a great initiative by by our PM. National heritage is a pride to our country. 
1 0 YOU ARE THE GREAT P M WE HAVE IT HAS IMMENSE VALUE TO KEEP THE STATUES CLEAN IN ALL ASPECTS. I BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE CONCENTRATING MORE ON PEOPLES WELFARE ESPECIALLY HEALTH. PLEASE SPEND SOME TIME ON OUR MEDICAL EDUCATION WITH WHICH FUTURE GUARDIANS OF INDIAN CITIZENS HEALTH TO BE PRODUCED. JAIHIND 
0 0 as a concerned citizen of our motherland  we have duties to keep our national heritage clean  till each and every citizen  cooperates with honourable pm he can never achieve his mission 
5 2 NYK- Saran, Bihar Cleaning statue of BAPU DYC Kapil Deo Ram & Actt ASHOK Kr Singh 
5 0 1932 POONA PACT –Between  B.R.Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi - No Separate Electorate on the basis of Caste “The concept of reservation for the oppressed was the key feature of the historic Poona Pact signed between B.R.Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi on September 24, 1932 at Yerawada Jail. Gandhi undertook a fast unto death against it, saying it would further fragment the society. He forced Ambedkar to give up his stand on the separate electorate 
0 2 hum aapke sath hai 
0 1 nice planing sir 
4 0 We can adopt indigenously developed technologies for cleaning of statues and other precious graffiti. There should be promotion of such schemes in India. Atomic Oxygen generator is one such technology which can clean the precious monuments with non contact method. It oxidize the carbon or soot very fast by converting it into carbon dioxide. 
0 0 nice initative 
1 0 ddd 
2 0 STATUE CLEANING IN CERTAIN IMPORTANT AND FREQUENT PUBLIC MOVEMENT PLACES IS NECESSARY TO MAKE THE IMPACT OF CARING THOSE PATRIOTIC PERSONALITIES. TO IN-SCRIPT CERTAIN IMPORTANT SLOGANS RELATED TO THEIR EFFECTIVE DEEDS KEEPS PUBLIC REMEMBER THEIR DEEDS WHILE PASSING THROUGH. 
0 0 please take an action against those people who did not care of animals people who did not care animals because they could not speak how can our India neet and clean some photo taken by newspaper 
0 0 Kozhikkode NYC in 30 1 2016 
2 0 My Dear Prime Minister,Being a Farmer son i know the pain of Farmers, please what ever the facilities government is providing is not reaching poor Farmers and all govt. office people are not ready to give any facility not reaching real farmers i mean all big subsidies and benefits are reaching rich people like politicians and officials only...please do something which can reach to poor farmers...we don't need waiving off loans and all instead provide us water facility and rest which are required 
2 0 sir, my few suggestions are- -allocate adequate fund to improve health infrastructural facilities at primary health center level.this will attract the doctors too,to join the PHCs. -ensure availability of dustbins and toilets at all public places including along roadside.this will help in cleanliness and a help in waste disposal. thankyou.#MyGov 
0 1 Dear prime minister i want to bring to your notice an idea there by we can increase revenue of our country through Direct Taxes. After filing of income tax return only 4 to 5 % cases were come in the ambit of scrutiny assessment and because of that most of the person being able in tax evasion. Our govt has very less employee in income tax department to deal with the situation. If Chartered Accountants of our country becomes part of scrutiny team then surely the revenue will increase. 
2 0 Sir...I have this suggestion. Government can instruct all Corporations & Municipalities to maintain the statues of great leaders along with public support.A small information sheet about the leader where the statue is placed can be distributed to create an awareness.Statues near Schools & Colleges can be cleaned by the students as an assignment. This will make them to know about them.On the cleaning day they can give a speech about that leader. This will help youngsters to involve more. 
2 0 Sir...I am regularly posting my comments in MyGov portal.There is an issue with this portal as my Posts, Tasks and Hours are not updated. I have reported about this issue many times.But there is no response or update till now.Not able to know how much Total Activity Points I have earned in My Gov Website. Not able to see the older posts.I request the officials to rectify these issues.Hope I will get positive response from the concerned officials. I have scored 8700 Points in Modi App.Thanks. 
0 0 Amma Please Review Amma Vasu Ramagovinda (Amma Vasu Padma Dheeraj) 
0 0 MY AIM IS TO ERADICATE UNEMPLOYMENT ONE FINE DAY THE VISION WOULD BE AS EQUAL TO GE AND SIEMENS I CAN EMPLOY N NO OF PEOPLE IF MY VISION IS BEEN TAKEN FORWARD 
0 0 kal khbar suni ki siachen me avalanche aane se 10 hmare jwan saheed ho gaye,,,bhut dhukh hua,aakhir har morche pr chaye wah dahsatgardo k sath ldte hue saheed ho jana,ya fir glacier me dab k mar jana ,,aakhir aesa kyo ho rha h,,jwano ne kya thekha le rkha h marne ka,,war me to sahi h lakin glacier se marna ye kha tk thick h,,kya hmara snow and avalanche study centers itne nakamyab h,jo is bare me satik jankari de hi ni skte,,,modi ji aapse request h is disha me koi saqt kdam uthaye 
0 0 great initiative by our honourable PM. i will contribute in this mission of clean statue. 
0 0 Dear PM, in recent its been a kind of environment that is been created by some opposite civilians or political parties who dont want BJP to rule, develop, prosper and maintain peace & Harmony in India and giving a highlight of the ongoing inside the country and tagging it as "Intolerance". As a citizen i dont see any intolerance as of going on such. Even if its been trying to be created, may i know what are the counter measures been taken from Govt inorder to overcome any kind of outrages 
0 0 Related to swachhbharat? 
0 0 Kozhikkode NYC in 25 1 2016 
0 0 contd2...let us look at the solution in numbers. if one bank has a foot fall of 1000 people in a day and it gets reduced to 100 we are looking at reduction of 900 vehicles from road for one bank. now multiply it with no. of banks and you have the answer! same is for activities like paying bills etc. 
0 0 contd.-make all or most of the services digital. cut down on the demand fo requirement of physical presence in the areas. vehicles will be off the road. for example, people visit banks for multiple reasons..let it become digital or restricted to the area where the person can approach for these services on foot. remove requirements in programs where multiple visits are required. like buying a form, making dd, adding documents like affidavits, submitting, follow ups. ...make everything digital. 
0 0 solving pollution issues - the Modi way! Pollution in cities like Delhi, Mumbai are matters of concern. Many environmental and sometimes mental solutions(like odd even) are suggested and implemented but for any effective results. I would like to take a leaf from Modi's way of handling the issue and make a significant contribution. If we take only one factor in this discussion - private vehicles on road - we can look at the following - most of the services in the city like banking, post office e 
3 0 This is a Big and inspiring step towards Nation Building. But more important is to get know about the respected personalities. I have seen may pictures on twitter showing active participation of youth cleaning statues. But that's not enough. It will only help to clean INDIA not build INDIA. I have one suggestion. We can paste posters showing information about that personality around Statue. I think this can inspire many. This is the right way to build the Nation. All the best. 
1 0 Youth affairs is working with youth development and implementing these activities as per plan prepared at the top level. However, we never involve youth in the planning of the activities at the ground level.  If we are involving in some area but we are considering their ideas.  My request to my PM,  kindly involve youth during planning phase and also customized youth development related activities as per area and region wise. Thank you for providing this plateform 
0 0 GREEN जबलपुर CLEAN जबलपुर 
0 0 Dame care usage of SIM without ID should be banned,Specially from Odisha and Ganjam District.Corruption source get rapid increase due to such activities. 
0 0 All central& state Govt. Employees should be compulsory to break up Subsidy in any Schemes,If not by the Govt. initiatives please check the Aadhar and Bank Account information for stop them from receiving the subsidised  cash in any way and any manner.Thats an urgent Requirement to hold up contribution in Nation Building. 
0 0 It is a very nice activity to pay our respect and regards towards the great Indian leaders who sacrifice their whole life in the service of the nation. 
2 0 #StatueCleaning of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri at Shastri Road, Bardoli by NSS Unit of SNPIT & RC, Umarakh, Bardoli coordinated by Mr Hitesh Tailor and centrally coordinated by Mr Madhish Parikh @narendramodi @PMOIndia @mygovindia #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
1 0 #StatueCleaning of Shri Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel at Sardar Museum, Bardoli by NSS Unit of SNPIT & RC, Umarakh, Bardoli coordinated by Mr Hitesh Tailor and centrally coordinated by Mr Madhish Parikh @narendramodi @PMOIndia @mygovindia #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
1 0 #StatueCleaning of Shri Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel at Sardar Arcade, Bardoli by NSS Unit of SNPIT & RC, Umarakh, Bardoli coordinated by Mr Hitesh Tailor and centrally coordinated by Mr Madhish Parikh @narendramodi @PMOIndia @mygovindia #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
0 0 After making a successful campaign and awareness among citizens of India about statue cleaning government of India should make a law against construction and building of statutue of persons. Govt of India, state govts and every political party should spent this money to giving ethical and moral education to citizens in lack of this foundation India is going to divide on caste, area and religion rapidly. jai hind 
0 0 sir for statue cleaning we should start from our house or an order is been passed for all Mla'S to clean all the statues in your society with the help of RSS leaders n party supporters n sabha members . I think from this youth who have been intrested in politics they all take part in it with their personal intrest n we should know about the statue persons and visit on their every birthday to clean them n I think from this a great msg is flow for everyone . 
0 0 The youngesters of today are the future of our great  country. Most of them are not well conversed about how we attained independence, nor are they well acquainted with the life graph of those who withstood so much sufferings so that their Motherland gets past the rule of foreign rulers. What is they getting to read and know is nothing but a cursory reading and superficial knowledge about the Heroes and their heroic deeds. THERE IS REAL NEEDS REAL KNOWLEDGE GETS TO REACH THE YOUNGSTERS... 
0 0 Clean Bharat ,Green Bharat 
1 0 pradhan mantri ji aaj ajadi ko 67 year hone ke bad bhi aaj pani ki samasya desh ke jyada tar hisso me he, pradhan mantri ji jis tarah se atal ji ne pradhan mantri sadak yojna chala kar sadak ki disha me kranti ki , yadi isi tarah aap yadi "pradhan mantri talab yojna" yadi poore desh me yojna baddh tarike se lagu ki jaye gramin kshetr me tehsil me 50 acre me talab jila star par par 200 acre me talab gramin kshetra me 25 acre me samuhik talabo ka nirman karaya jaye jisse water level bhi bade or 
0 0 misson swacth bharat is good work for socicety and Nation 
2 0 स्वच्छ भारत नेक भारत जन भागीदारी ही स्वच्छ भारत का सपना पूर्ण कर सकती है l जन भागीदारी को बढ़ावा देने एवं युवओं को जोड़ने के लिए नेहरु युवा केन्द्र मुरादाबाद गावं गावं में स्वच्छ भारत अभियान को ले जाने का प्रयास कर रहा है l 
1 0 Hello ...I am German translator and JNU passout..if u are a facebook user, please help me win a video contest by liking my video (only entry from India) about "future of language industry" till 8th Feb at: https://www.facebook.com/GALAGlobal/videos/10153400460233927/ please like the video and share the link with your friends. 
2 0 #StatueCleaning an initiative of PM Modi done At Jodhpur, Rajasthan by Cleaning Statue of Swami Vivekananda, Wearing 'MyGov' T-shirts by two volunteers. #MyCleanIndia #MyGov 
2 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी के स्वच्छ अभियान को दैनिक दिनचर्या में शामिल करना चाहिए lतभी जा करके यह सपना पूर्ण होगा l यह हम सब का काम है l केवल सरकार का नही 
2 0 Swachh Bharat Abhiyan Ke antergat Nehru Yuva Kendra Ke Yuvao ne  30 January 2016 ko mhatma Gandhi ki Pratima Ki safai avam malyarpan kiya gaya. Har  cities mai sever treatment plant lagaye jaye. 
1 0 Pratapgarh, a district of east UP produces country's 70% Amla. But, ironically, there is no Company in this district which can consume the produce. Farmers are frustrated. They are forced to sell their produce at throw away price to middlemen. They are going to convert their Amla fields to crop fields like wheat, etc. Central Govt intervention needed. 
3 0 #StatueCleaning initiative of Netaji Subhashchandra Bose at Kirti Stambh, Palanpur by NSS Unit of GEC Palanpur @narendramodi @PMOIndia @mygovindia coordinated by Mr Jimin Patel and centrally coordinated by Mr Madhish Parikh #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
2 0 #StatueCleaning initiative of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar at Shimala Gate, Palanpur by NSS Unit of GEC Palanpur @narendramodi @PMOIndia @mygovindia coordinated by Mr Jimin Patel and centrally coordinated by Mr Madhish Parikh #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
1 0 #StatueCleaning initiative of Shri Swami Vivekananda at Delhi Gate, Palanpur by NSS Unit of GEC Palanpur @narendramodi @PMOIndia @mygovindia coordinated by Mr Jimin Patel and centrally coordinated by Mr Madhish Parikh 
1 0 Our health units must be awareness notices must be published every villages and cities with seminar and further attractive functions. The main illness of Cancer, HIV, Zeeka, Polio, etc. seriousness deployed all citizens especially in the villages. Every health unit must be open a HEALTH CLUB, regular awareness of the excesses,  including blood donation, body transpiration wings, and sponsoring operation & medicine. This program status of the progress should be monitored by the Central and State 
0 0 Honourable pm ji I am very glad as I am posting my comment in this website for first time. but I will not stop with this Sir I am a student of class 12 and I am placing a request to make swachh bharath compulsory in school.Let each pair of students clean their classrooms on daily basis. Their turn comes on a regular basis. By this way everyone will get chance to clean their classrooms and cleanliness will automatically get incorporated in us students, future of our motherland India.Thank u sir 
0 0 Dear sir we are working with our NGO, Dreamsky Foundation to help the needy people as we can because we are doing their job, heading for our family responsibilities and social too. Also trying and planning to make it for all across all over India @24x7x365 on a single call but it is not possible with out your support. Please think about this very seriously and Make our country hunger free first..... 
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister, it is very sad but very true that everyone including you is saying that our country is going for rapid change. May I know is it true? Everyday near about 7500 (As per Govt Official Data on their concern sites) people are dying due to hunger, they don't have a single bite to save their life. Everyday and every minute they are fighting for their lives. Many NGO's, Govt. organizations are working for this cause but what is the result, atleast think about this. 
0 0 स्वछता के लिहाज से कुछ कड़े नियम बनाये जाने चाहिए जैसे की राष्ट्रीय स्मारकों के अंदर जुटे चप्पल वगैरा पहन कर जाने पर रोक होनी चाहिए किसी भी प्रकार का कचरा फेंकने पर जुर्माने का नियम हों सभी स्मारकों पर जाने के लिए एक छोटा सी एंट्री फीस हो, जुर्माने और एंट्री फीस का प्रयोग उसकी साफ सफाई और उसके सौंदर्य कारण पर खर्च किया जाना चाहिए ताकि स्मारक की सुंदरता और सफाई दोनों बानी रहे 
0 0 Dear Sir,I thank you for IFR at Vizag.I have written a poem for the same.I dedicate it to our great PM and our brave Indian Navy Jai Jai Jai Jai Sindhu Vishal, Ujjwal rakho Bharat ka Bhaal. Neela Jo tumhara neer chale, Nausena usko cheer chale, Sabhit phire shatru Karal Jai Jai Jai Jai Sindhu Vishal. Jag mein Tiranga lahraye , Jaldhar pe shaurya apna chaye, Nirvighna ho Sagar-path ka jaal. 
0 0 Dear Respected Prime Ministe, please tale me cost of human value in India? I am onserving that in India there is no value to life of human beings. there so many persons dying daily in mumbai local trains.what about there life is they are paying revenue to central govt by local ticket fare. What is wrong with system in railway you coming to mumbai on 13th feb this month just take time with respected rail minister & see the conditions of trains,stations & areas near railway stations near i 
0 0 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/BYD_electric_bus www.bbc.com/news/technology-25621426 Sir, you should also implement the technology of wireless charging of E Buses&Rickshaws , that will be a huge innovation and losses in power can be overcome using this technology. Wireless Charging works on the principle of induction. Sir, corona loss, wire length can also be reduced. And that will be worth to be shown off. 
0 0 I am Unnikrishnan Nair. I am a user of social medias like Facebook in which most of the time I accentuate for inculcating patriotism, keep corruption free, keep our nation clean in all respect.  I also use to write in FB of our hon'ble PM and other important personalities who are putting their strenuous effort to bring the nation on top in the world in all front. So my moral support is also has much importance in nation building. I wish each citizen must be an ardent patriot &cleanin all respect 
0 0 I, Simon Peter, S/o. Mr. C. S. Peter, Residing at Iswarya, Mavilayil, Sampranikodi, Prakkulam PO, Kollam District, Kerala State, India 691602, doing Guinness Book of World Records official attempt, to set a World Record of the “Longest Journey by motorcycle in a Single Country” and “Longest distance covered on a 100 CC motor cycle in a country”, covering a targeted distance of Two Lakhs+ Kilo Meters, travelling throughout the length and breadth of India. 
0 0 मूर्तियो पर हार चढाने वाले वरिष्ठो से इनके मेन्टेनेनस का पैसा लेना चाहिए। सबसे ज्यादा इनकी वजह से ही वयवस्था खराब होती है और हम सब का भी कोई कम दोष नही,जब जयन्ती या पुन्यतिथी होती है तो तब मूर्तियॉ याद रहती और उपस्थित हो जाते है और पूरे वर्ष कोई मतलब नही। तो जागरूकता स्वयं मे लानी होगी। जब सब की नजर होगी तो हर मूर्ति साफ व सुन्दर रहेगी जिसपे हमे गर्व होगा।ये हमारी जिम्मेवारी है कि हम मुर्तियो के साथ साथ मुर्ति स्थल को भी गन्दा ना करे।। www.namoindiacampaign.com 
0 0 सर मै मनरेगा के सही उपयोग के बारे में कहना चाहता हूँ क्यों न मनरेगा को खेती से जोड़ दिया जाय किसानो का रजिस्ट्रेसन करा कर मनरेगा में काम करने वाले मजदूरो को खेतो में काम कराया जाय। इससे किसानो की लागत भी कम हो जायेगी और मनरेगा के जरिये लोगो को रोजगार भी मिलता रहेगा। और गाँव में बहुत सारे लोगो को 365 दिन रोजगार भी मिल जायेगा और सरकार पर अतिरिक्त पैसे का भार भी नही पड़ेगा। 
0 0 Nice initiative.. JAI HIND, JAI BHARAT 
3 0 #StatueCleaning एक निश्चित अन्तराल पर‌ महापुरुषो की मूर्तियो की साफ‍‍‍‍ सफाई सुनिश्चित करने के लिए आम जनता के साथ साथ अग्निशमन विभाग का सहयोग भी लिया जाना चाहिए। अग्निशमन विभाग का सहयोग मूर्तियो की साफ‍‍‍‍ सफाई सुनिश्चित करने मे काफी कारगर साबित होगा साथ ही साथ आम जनता का उत्साहवर्धन भी होगा। 
0 0 Government must start CADRES in which people are told about the life of peolpe who sacrifies their life in nation building . 
0 0 I really appreciate this programme "Statue Cleaning - My Contribution Towards Nation Building" and very thankful to our Prime Minister that he start such a good programme . But sir , i request all the people , they are cleaning statues of our leaders who inspire us a lot is a good thing , but i request all of them to study about their life , living standards , their contribution to society and tell to all near by ones starting from family members . 
0 0 I have one suggestion cleaning india plz 15 day a school and college one lecture to give cleaning India and doing some work and main benefit is just growing a lillte student and they all are our Indian future and sir you do that this thing so ifacat is major and all students and collage family do that cleaning india and they all work for that thier society and nearst area so small think but effect is big just you think that 
0 0 सफाइ एक अाम विषय है। सभी लाेगाें काे इस पर बगैर संकाेच सामान्य पहल करने की अावश्यकता है। साथ ही यदि हम कुछ अाैर न कर सके ताे कम कम यही पयास करे कि हमारे द्रारा काेइ गंदगी न फैलाइ जाय। 
0 0 Amma Please Review http://1drv.ms/1UK08yg Amma Vasu Ramagovinda (Amma Vasu Padma Dheeraj) 
0 0 My suggestion for green power.every road tol-tax booth station should use only Green Power. Or every new road project should have to use green power for collecting tol-tax 
3 0 #statuecleaning 
1 1 Sardar Bhagat Singh #sewa #samarpan #sehyog 
0 0 self training on local area need based 1.owllen cloth weaving etc 
0 0 every Sunday Sewa #statuecleaning #sewa #rohtak by Haryana Punjabi Swabhiman Sangh 
0 0 village levl par one moth computer training 
0 0 “URRZA UTSAV”- Expenses made for an inaugural event become much costlier when every day every print media and electronics media displaying advertise. In same cost u can provide food & shelter to several needy persons. Can Dharmendra Pradhan or Modiji answer abt it, why so much paid publicity? IS IT UR CONTRIBUTION TO WARDS NATION BUILD UP??????? 
0 0 Sir, only one task can change India as corruption free and developed.that is cashless transactions at every deal or purchasing.it should be activated as soon as possible...jai hind. 
0 0 namaste sir, sir our country is going in good progress these days nd the credit goes to u nd common people of our hindustan. sir i have only 1 request nd i think we will never get again this oppurtnty so i requst you to bring back kohinoor ,throne of raja ranjit singh nd othr historic monumnt from the BRITISH....sir all this are based on our culture, tradition nd motherland plz plz help on this sir 
0 0 sir humara road NH main ata hai but ea road halata itana kharap hai sir isemain koi thike se nehin ja parehai . sir ea road kama 20 sala pehele suru ho tha sir abhitak complety nehin hua hai.sir ea raod ka nama hai chandbali to bhadrak hai. sir ea odisha main ata hai sir app kuchu kijiye kuchu pressure deijye odisha sarakar ka upra sir. sir ea road kam finishe honeke bad sir easmain 14 lakh lok khusu reheinge sir. please sir kochu kijye sir we request you sir . 
0 0 Our leaders shall ask our vote not based on popularity due to our sold out media but based on report card they produce during election on their past works carried. Can we have a legislation and make it mandatory for all the elected representative to show case their creditional as an MP, MLA, MLC etc. 
0 0 Sir I am complain about our road. sir my name is Bibhu Prasad Rout and I belongs Chandabali, Bhadrak, Odisha, sir my complain is our road is not good at that time it is not in use. because so something for our road. 
1 0 Dear Sir. We as citizen of this country elect our MP's to speak our issues and address our concerns at the parliament. But over a period of time , we have observed instead of debates and consultation its all gone down to disruption. All these same people after 5 years come to us for votes again. Can we have a system or a report card for these MPs reporting the amount spent on development work in constituency, their attendance at Parliament, Question raised in the house, no of disruption they 
1 0 Pm MODI JI namasKar, I have a suggestion that use of mobile should be ban for gov't employs because this is a batter source of touch with unsocial ailments anytime and anywhere, I saw That every department employs stay busy on mobile even police employs and our jawans of army also , as you know that social sites are very big challenge for our country, please consider this suggestion seriously, thanking you JAI HIND. 
0 0 Dear sir, i am very happy for lunching mygov site.one issue consider related education system. all private school fee structure not for middle class level. very high fee in private school.please rule for private school fee stracture. no rules for admission age criteria even same bord CBSC affelated  one school age limit differ for other school. thanking you virendra kumar mobil no.9450630144 
0 0 Hi Sir, Not sure whether i am writing on a correct forum or not but want to share a idea. We have lots of Abhiyaans & projects going on.can we ask to corporate companies to devote 1 or 2 days of efforts for selective employees so that they will act as auditors and identify the ground effectiveness of them- to know the actual ground implementation. How they have progressed on ground. For more details please contact me . Regards, Suraj Gupta 
0 0 As much I appreciate the effort of statue cleaning, the actual places that need cleaning are rather neglected. Statue cleaning shows our respect towards them who have left us. But what about them who are left "WITH"  us? I request the next attempt to be gathering the youth and cleaning up the neighborhood. Next would be to look after them who look after us. To setup residential areas for Safaiwalas and Public Servants of Peon cadre. #MyGov 
0 0 પૂતળાનો રંગ કાળો નહી પરંતુ એને સામાન્ય માણસ જેવું રંગબેરંગી રાખવું જોઈએ જેથી એ જોનારને આકર્ષક લાગે, વળી સ્પષ્ટ દેખાય. શક્ય હોય તો ટેક્નોલોજીના ઉપયોગથી અમુક ચોક્કસ સમયના અંતરે પૂતળાની મુદ્રા, ચહેરાના હાવભાવ, પોઝીશન વગેરે બદલી શકાય એમ મુવેબલ રાખવું જોઈએ. સાફસફાઈ માટે અઠવાડિયે એક વાર ધોવાની સાથે-સાથે વર્ષમાં એક વાર એનું ફરીથી રંગરોગાન કરવું જોઈએ. પૂતળાની આસપાસના વિસ્તારમાં આવતી શાળાઓના વિદ્યાર્થીઓને શિક્ષકોએ પ્રેરણા આપીને પૂતળા પ્રત્યે આદરભાવ ઊભો કરીને તેઓ પાસે નિયમિત સાફસફાઈ કરાવવી જોઈએ. 
3 0 महापुरुषों की प्रतिमा सफाई अभियान,सुरत-गुजरात 
1 0 Swachh Bharat Abhiyan held by College of Agriculture Kalaburagi Karnataka in Keriambalaga Village 
1 0 Un mahan jeevan ko adarsh man kar unki pratikriti o ko saf-sutra rakhna hamara kartavya.....aur issh nek kam se prerana milti hai aage badne ka.... 
1 0 Namaste Adarniya Modi ji , apne hume ye apsar diya ki desh ke liye hum log v kuch sujhab de saku. Jaha tak statue saf krne ki baat hai, ye ak sarhniya kadam hai, jiske bare mein aaj tak koi charcha e nhi hua. Sabhi ne statue to banba dia apne apne adarsh ko batane ke liye aur uske niche apne nam ka v parcha chipka dia kintu kisi ke dimag mein ye baat nhi aaye ki uska saf-safai ka v koi intejam rakha jay. Hamare desh ke wo mahanubhab , jinone desh ke liye apne jindagi nichabar kiye hai 
0 0 I have a idea to clean India , every man who is member of any #political party , parliament , state Assembly , suppoter , in sabke foreign mai aur private hospitals mai ilaj krwane per ban kr dena chahyie inn sabka ilaj jo v merit marks se kum marks wale selected candidates ke hatho hona chahyie , jab jukaam ki jagah jamaal ghota milega tabhi sudhrege dalit politics khelne wale 
0 0 I am fed up with #reservation system in #India , why there is reservation on the basis of #caste , everywhere peoples with less marks than me getting #admission , #job 
0 0 Amma Please Review  Amma Vasu Ramagovinda(Amma vasu Padma Dheeraj) 
0 0 After tremendous enthusiasm of Yoga Day last year, the Youth associated with Nehru Yuva Kendras are showing great interest not only in Clean India Movement but also cleaning of Statues of Great Personalities. Hope this will not become one time affair. Umesh Sahni Nehru Yuva Knedra Ghaziabad (UP) 
0 0 Students of Central Academy, Aashiana, Lucknow making efforts towards Statue Cleaning . Sir, we thank you and appreciate for giving us opportunity to express our views. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Good Day ! Recent floods in Chennai flushed up the city a little bit and now this city is again piling up garbage at an alarming rate. All cities urgently require modernization of waste management, which may please be given top priority in Smart-City initiative. Sir,  we appreciate and thank you for giving us an opportunity to express our views. Regards, S.Muralitharan 
0 0 Remove reservation and also ensure no politics in colleges/universities. If any students get involved, they should be immediately restigated. These students create problem by getting involved with politics. If you want to see India as a skilled country, then it should be on merit and not on caste or class.also if you can make children aware by combining law as a mandatory subject from class 5 they will not go in wrong direction. 
0 0 Dear PM, pleas upgrade our education syllabus to read the correct history. Most of the Indians know what we read is not correct history. Also I request you to remove the so called great leaders from history books. In freedom fighting many have laid their lives which is not reflected anywhere and in making constitution too many have given their inputs which is not mentioned anywhere. Please upgrade this and remove the caste system. Bring in a law that no reservations. Who has skills will get job. 
0 0 Dear PM, Cleaning of statues is a good initiative, but would also insist that the real heroes of freedom does not have many statues its only very few people whose statues are seen on every corner of road which are cleaned once or twice a year for republic day and independence day and gandhi/ambedkar jayanti. People need places to live and these statues are placed with lot of spaces around on the main roads. Please widen the roads and reduce the spaces for statues. 
0 0 Sir need a competition in govt job on service for making the india as great country by their performance give salary promotion or other it can do with the help of digitalazation as in field of education police court like lazy field . I have many ideal about it .if gov need then contact with me. 
0 0 महा पुरुषो को सत सत नमन 
0 0 I applaud all measures to clean up India including the cleaning of Statues. However, we have to start from our grass roots. The poor people are our responsibility. I again stress that the BJP can continue forever, if all the villages are connected by roads. And again, a flush/ sewage system is provided to every house. I also suggest that to minimise costs in this regard MGNREGA workers should be used. Please instruct the concerned ministries to report every month on the progress. 
1 0 Apni India country ka America barabar karna he to two points remove for India 1) Reservation 2) current tax system 
2 0 मैंने अपने दोस्तों क साथ स्टेचू क्लीनिंग की सुरुवात की और देखा की 30 जनवरी को पुरे शहर ने मिलकर सभी महापुरुषों की पर्तिमाय साफ की 
0 0 We must take effort for cleaning the mahans statues as they cleaned our India. We must be thankful. 
0 0 Amma Please Review http://1drv.ms/20El0Ld Amma Vasu Ramagovinda (Amma Vasu Padma Dheeraj) 
1 0 Dear Prime Minister, Im very much pleased with "Swatch Bharat Abhiyan" but feel quite sorry that citizens of India before having techincal knowledge need to learn civic sense.I think people in India although educated try to make the place dirty. Please take the advantage of such people by asking them to pay fine for all the things. People have tendency to do wrong things. Lets take the advanntage by asking them to pay fine .This is the only way to accomplish the goal of "Swatch Bharat Abhiyan". 
0 0 Please read the article in Current Science 109(6) Sept 2016, pp.1021-24 written by Dr. Mashelkar. This person was a Adviser to PM in Science & technology. At that time, he did not utter a single sentence on our education, funding for science and technology and many other problems. Why he is expressing now? He only talks about what others have done but never talks about what he has done during his tenure. The solution to Swachh Bharat is to remove such personalities. 
0 0 To make Digital India a real success, I think all officers from central/state IT department should compulsorily serve 90 days per year in the villages, where common man can interact, learn the services/products developed under digital India. 
0 0 IT WILL BE PRAISEWORTHY & PRIME STEPS TOWARDS NATIONAL BUILDING ISSUE IN INDIA i.e. EACH MUNICIPAL BODIES THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY MUST KEEP SUFFICIENT NUMBERS OF DUSTBIN IN EVERY 10 TO 20 METER IN THEIR ROAD SIDES MAINLY IN CONGESTED ROADS & IN BYE-LANES,SO THAT LOCAL INHABITANTS & PASSERBY ABLE PUT THEIR GARBAGE & WASTAGE AS AND WHEN BASIS, WHICH ULTIMATELY HELP THOSE AREA CONCERNED SWEEPERS TO COLLECT WASTAGE IN SMOOTH MANNER.AND THERE WILL BE NO GARBAGE FLOUTING HERE & THERE UNNECESSARILY. 
0 0 My request is that our govt should adopt technical education after tenth and should provide job oriented or business oriented courses for further studies. And give such training that students can inspire for job or business for developing our country. 
0 0 ...CONTD... We must not pretend not to be knowing that enough emphasis is not being laid in our Schools to intensively and extensively acquaint the children about the life of our National Icons, and the ideals, the causes and the objectives they lived for and in pursuance of which they laid down their lives. MORE OFTEN THAN NOT WHATEVER THE CHILDREN ARE MADE AWARE OF, IS ONLY HAZY AND SKETCHY PICTURE,  NOT ENOUGH TO INSPIRE THEM. THERE IS ACUTE DEARTH OF EASY-LAY-HANDS-ON READING MATERIAL. 
0 0 Sir , my concern is that while selling Financial Products like Insurance products by the companies general people are cheated and told only half true can governing bodies like IRDAI not have strict action against them or bring in good guiding rules through which common people don't have to lose their hard earned money due to cheap miss-selling 
0 0 I,Rahul Sharma from Vadodara (Gujarat) running a small cleaning business, would like to contribute my efforts by providing clean water at least for Major & Big Railway Junctions. Here, I would like to focus on STP inside the Railway Stations in which we store water for washrooms & use to clean railway tracks. I researched deeply on current condition of STP and quality of water which is in worse condition. I will be glad if you can spend short time and give me an appointment to dis 
0 0 Respected Sir, I,Rahul Sharma from Vadodara (Gujarat) running a small cleaning business, would like to contribute my efforts by providing clean water all over the country. I did try to get attention on the same through online as well as hard copy but unfortunately I haven’t got any response from your team on that yet. Please find attached copies of advice & ticket number. As everywhere Swachh Bhar Abhiyan is going on but nobody is focusing on our drinking water which is absolutely hazardou 
0 0 Our contribution to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan 
0 0 Please read the article in Current Science 109(6) Sept 2016, pp.1021-24 written by Dr. Mashelkar. This person was a Adviser to PM in Science & technology. At that time, he did not utter a single sentence on our education, funding for science and technology and many other problems. Why he is expressing now? He only talks about what others have done but never talks about what he has done during his tenure. The solution to Swachh Bharat is to remove such personalities. 
0 0 #StatueCleaning Sir provide a small shower tap just on top of the statue and connect it with the Nagar Nigam water supply so that every morning/evening the statue gets cleaned automatically. 
2 0 jai javan, jai bharat. modi ji, sir ydi ayudha me mandir masjid ki jageh vidhyalay (govt.school) khol diya jaye to kya yh bharat ki janta ke hit me nhi he. jai hind,jai bharat 
1 0 The proper collection and disposal of all wastage from local urban area and city centre must be co-ordinate in a proper manner. This re-cycling plant can produced bio-gas and fertile compost in the agricultural development. Also this plant government must provide every remote area with service sector compulsory. Moreover this plant should be run by under local government including environment and agricultural dept. Jai Hind. 
1 0 Help keeping streets clean is citizen's duty. Cleaning statues is responsibility of authorities who put them up. 
0 0 Respect to   Local leaders and Leading Personalities of Indian Culture and Heritage,  the maintenance and Statue Cleaning in Various Locations may by Brought under CSR activity of various corporate. The reasonable spending on such will facilities the Cleanness to the  Social public, The reasonable expenditure will be taken by the corporate.  The Corporate spending  under CSR activity in the locations will improve the motivation to the regional people. 
0 0 धन्यवाद प्रधानमंत्री जी , आपका बहुत बहुत धन्यवाद जो आपने हमे विकास की ओर अग्रसर किया है ,आपके दिन प्रतिदिन प्रयासों से भारत विकास की नयी परिभाषा लिख रहा है, आपकी दूरदृष्टि और कर्मनिष्ठा अलौकिक हैI भारत की समृद्धि के लिए आपका योगदान अविस्मरणीय हैI आपका योगदान नव भारत के निर्माताओ में सम्मिलित है,आपकी कर्मनिष्ठा से आप हमारे लिए आप “भारत पुरुष” है I नमो का बस यही सपना , बिकसित बने भारत अपना 
0 0 Sub: Arunachal Pradesh is Switzerland of India for Tourist Attraction & Target of MODEL STATE. Now the Central Govt. can take necessary planning and steps in A.P. during the period of PRESIDENT RULE on top priority basis with help of local leaders supporting to the Central Govt. 
0 0 initiative to clean Statues 
3 0 Sir,  of late I was disturbed to see various film actors promoting tobacco products/companies through advertisements during commercial break in top News channels.  And later on I got to know that, they got eminent citizen awards also, which is very disheartening.  Being a parent to a grown up, I feel its something we should be discouraging. 
0 0 Sir, following up on Swach Bharat---must pass a Clean, air and water act as implementation protection of life of citizens--penalising anybody who spoli clean air and water including municipal corporation in the Deonar like incidents or even in Delhi.This is the area of inspection which can be implemented with zestful idealistic students--to make it a campaign 
0 0 Voice recognition of INDIAN languages are more important than handwriting recognition. This will enable people to easily translate from one language to other through Google translation app. This will help communication among people of different states & thus will increase national solidarity. Therefore,  try to develop sucheck system. 
0 0 A #word which is a common useful word of Indian they love to make every thing clean jst take exampel of our mom if we come inside the home she gets angry but this is not only home issue every people should think that they are with their mom everytime and have to make our earth not only india clean 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार महोदय मैं टैक्स चोरी को रोकने की तरफ आपका ध्यान दिलाना चाहता हूँ मैंने अक्सर देखा है की vat और Cst की चोरी होती है बिल काट कर माल एक जगह से दूसरी जगह भेजा जाता है और अगर कही रास्ते मैं बिल चेक हुए तो टैक्स अदा कर दिया जाता है नहीं तो बिल कैन्सिल कर दिए जाते है और सामन एक जगह से दूसरी जगह भेज दिया जाता है और इस से सरकार को टेक्स की हानि होती है  न ही vat और न ही CST सरकार को मिल पाता है धन्यवाद 
0 0 We as a nation should build a 500 bed hospital cruise ship (Sanjeevini)for our neighboring countries and to help vast amount of Indian cities along the coastline. This will be a Indian gift to its neighboring countries and ask them to pledge the same. 1) When there are no natural disasters around, the ship can be docked at various Indian city ports and can act a hospital at the port. 2) When there is a disaster around, India can send the hospital ship to the location with food,medicine and reli 
0 0 Our beloved Prime Minister, We ,are the members of Kandi Railway sanjukta Karan Committee and Amra Safiwala Every Week Clean Our Kandi Town area. We are request to you that A large Meeting arrange In New Delhi. All Social Organization and Educational Institute Invite in this Programmer. A Special Financial help all this Organization.Our Social Organization always help to you.pravat kar, kandi, murshidabad,W.B.E MAIL:- pravatkandirailwayskc@gmail.com Mo:- 9932647412/9046240137 
0 0 आदरणीय सर अपने भारत में गरीबी से भी भयंकर समस्या मेरी नजर में यह है की तुलनात्मक रूप से देखे तो किसी के पास ज्यादा पैसा है तो किसी के पास कुछ भी नहीं हमे सबसे पहले इस पैसे के लेवल को ख़त्म करना होगा तभी देश का हर नागरिक मेहनत करेगा और तभी जाकर अपने देश की गरीबी दूर कर सकते है अगर मेरे सोच विचार कुछ गलत है तो माफ़ करना 
0 0 आदरणीय परधानमंत्री महोदय जी आपके काम करने के तरीके मुझेअच्छे लगे लेकिन इन्हें कामयाबी तक पहुचाने के लिए कुछ कमी रह गयी है आपका डिजिटल भारत अच्छा सपना है लेकिन इसमें कुछ कमिया रह गयी इसकी परक्रिया में कुछ बदलाव करके हम आने वाले समय में भारत को पूरण रूप से डिजिटल भारत बना सकते है मैंने दो महीने मेहनत करके डिजिटल भारत की परक्रिया आसान व् सुगम बनाने के लिए एक अजेंडा तेयार किया है मेरा आप से निवदेन है की मुझे कुछ सपोर्ट मिले तो मैं दावे के साथ डिजिटल इन्डिया के सपने को साकार करने में मदद कर सकता हु 
0 0 Smart cities are yet to come out with suburban rail travel and provision of identified surface corridors at low cost of Rs6 crores/km. Example Madurai in Tamilnadu with a population of 14 lakhs having potential for green transport but provision or discussion in master plans are missing. Lot of ROBs and Under passes are constucted crossing main trunk railway lines without provision for suburban lines or doubling lines leading to long gestation time of project execution and premature rebuilding. 
0 0 1) provide roofs / sheds on our national hero's statues for Avoiding wastes of birds and avoid shading to statues from rain fall. 2) all villages / city's / urban areas of development officers says to they have road's, street sweepers clean the statues during the roads /streets cleaning time. 3) every year give some awards to who's (sweepers ) improve cleanliness at they have sorrounding places of statues. 4)include the statues cleaning proposal in swatch bharat mission. 
1 0 आदरणीय  प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार,हमारे देश के सभी देशबाशियो को दो साल के लये देश सेवा का अवसर जरूर प्रदान करे जो कि बिना किसी वेतन के रूप में हो केवल भोजन व वस्त्र ही प्रदान किये जाये और यह सभी देशबाशियो के लये अनिवार्य हो उसमे गरीब या अमीर के लये कोई भी छूट ना हो। उस दौरान उसके घर के खर्च व सुरक्षा का ध्यान सरकार का हो जो स्थानीय सरकारी तंत्र के सहयोग से भी पूरा किया जा सकता है। ज्यादा से ज्यादा व्यक्तियों को सेना की सेवा मे लगाया जाये ताकि वो जान सके की देश सेवा धर्म क्या होता है। 
0 0 Another aspect of Statue Cleaning is Protecting Statues. There are so many ancient sculptures stolen and illegally exported. Some of them are mentioned in my website www.plunderedpast.in, which is concerned with the repatriation of illegally exported sculptures. Among the examples I can cite are two sculptures from Atru in Rajasthan whose repatriation was expedited by the PMO at my request; also, recently, there is the case of a Brahma-Brahmani marble from Patan which I am personally following. 
1 0 Its s shame for those group , who accessing for reservation and burning train , completely shameless activity done. Its a complete sense of cowardliness act done. U r expecting everything perfect from a single person , but not interested to contribute on that. Open your eyes and try to understand that  resource are limited and if we will be not save know, then our next generation will always look us as a shame. Grow up man, and do best for country 
0 0 Statue cleaning is an appreciable and respectful task.People feel proud to be an indian but when it comes to give respect to our freedom fighters,people take a backstep which is not commendable.In fact one should feel proud in cleaning statues and maintainig its sanctity and respect. 
0 0 में एक दाैनाे पैराे से विकलांग व्यक्ति हॅु अाैर एमपी का निवासी हॅु । मन कि बात जब बाेलने का माैका है ताे मैं यें कहना चाहता हॅु कि मुझ जैसे बैघर विकलांगाे काे क्या कभी नाेकरी मिल भी पायेंगी । मैं एक गरीब परीवार से हॅु अाैर नाही मेरा काेइ घर है माॅ बाप का एम ही बेटा हॅु एेसे मैं उनके अांसु नही रूक पाते जब वाे मेरे बारे में साेचते है । अाज हालात एेसे है कि किसी का नाखुन टुट जायें ताे वाे खुद काे विकलांक बना लेता है जिसके कारण मुझ जैसे कइ विकलांगाे काे नाेकरीयाें Kaha mil pata hai....  धन्यवाद । 
0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी मै हिमाचल के एक छोटे से स्थान जिला चंबा से हूँ पिछले 4 साल से मै अपने शहर के  लोगो को स्वछता,पोधरोपंन और रक्तदान के लिए लोगो  को जागरूक करने की कोशिश कर रहा हु इस के लिए मेने एक सगठन का भी निर्माण किया जिस का नाम greenvalley cleanvalley chamba रखा और एक facebookपर भी अपना खाता बनाया जिस के अंदर हम  लोग हर रविवार वाले दिन किसी एक स्थान  का  चुनाव  कर के वहा पर साफ़ सफाई का कार्य करते हैऔर कार्य कि फोटो FB page greenvalley cleanvalley chamba में डाल देते है 
0 0 PLC create some found for swcha Barth.and tack contribution to public 
0 0 Really it is appreciable and awesome job. But I thought we have have to stop making statues. If want then built in schools and colleges because most of our peoples they don't have home they use to sleep on roads and near to statues. Instead of making statues we should make shelters of that money and give name of that statue to that shelter. eg. Subhash Chandra Bose AAshray, M.G. AAshray,etc. And those poor peoples keep that place clean also. So might be this is new step for Swachata mission. 
0 0 Statue cleaning is a noble job towards the Swachata mission .Every Indian is having a respect towards Statue.He may be mentally prepared to do such a job.Every Indian is having a hesitation in doing sawachata in his surrounding area.He may work for other things but not having a habit to clean his surrounding.This job may may remove his hesitation from his mind .If it may be there then it will help national building.It must be a campaign in which our leaders and our national leaders must come fo 
0 0 1) provide roofs/sheds on our national hero's statues for Avoiding wastes of birds and avoid statues shading from rain fall. 2) all villages/city's/urban/rural development officers says to road and streets cleaning people for clean the statues simultaneously with  road/street claning time 3) every year give some awards to sleepers when they are improve cleanliness they are under statues,roads and streets. 4) include statues cleaning proposal in swatch bharat mission. 
0 0 महामना एक्सप्रेस ट्रेन में  गन्दगी और उसे तोडना एक साजिश के तहत किया गया था. यह है हमारे उत्तर प्रदेश के लोगों की खासियत. क्या हम कभी सभ्य नहीं होंगे. यहाँ के निवासी मुंबई और विदेश में जाकर हर जगह थूकते और कचरा नहीं फैलाते हैं क्योकि सख्त सजा का डर होता है ज्योही अपने राज्य की सीमा में आते हैं, सब कुछ भूल जाते हैं. बहुत विकृत मानसिकता है. 
0 0 Statue cleaning is remarkable job, we should do this every week and motivate others to do the same. We have formed a group Swach Bharath Friends to work on two objectives CLEAN INDIA and HEALTHY INDIA. Please visit us at swachbharathfriends.blogspot.com 
0 0 Amma Please Review http://1drv.ms/1QAbnIH Amma Vasu Ramagovinda (Amma Vasu Padma Dheeraj) 
0 0 जीवन एक ज्याेति है जिसकाे संरक्षित करना हमारा कर्तव्य है जाे अपने इस कर्तव्य से भटकता है वह देश का भी अहित करता है इसलिए अपने अास पास हमेशा सामाजिक अाैर भाैतिक गुणवतता बनाए रखना चाहिए। 
0 0 statues are to be kept in a place having a roof at the top. It will prevent bird dropping over it .The statues are to be kept having no person to seat in front  . Persons should not throw any food packet to attract birds. Creating nuisance and writing something on any place is to be considered as punishable offence . Person is to be kept for maintenance and cleaning at least once a month. 
0 0 सर आपके मन की बात और जो भी सरका की योजनाये है उनको जन-जन तक पहुँचाने के लिये यदि आकाशवाणी को मोबाइल से जोड़ दिया जाये तथा F.M.की रैंज को देश के हर गाँव तक पहुँचा दिया जाये तो हर भारतीय अपने मोबाइल द्वारा आपके मन की बात और सरकार की सभी योजनाओ के बारे में जानकारी प्राप्त कर सकता है। 
0 0 Me & My 2 Friends Clean Rajiv Jii's Statue. The Statue is In our Village Busstand. 
0 0 yes all statue be clean this is one more step of swachh statute of greats leader of india 
0 0 it is good idea.That is part of cleanliness maintainance of statues also important. Basically countries cleanliness to be maintained . It includes everything. Probably some workers permanently appointed or they may be given temporary salary or monthly once in particular date they can do, gives salary as as items instead of salary. Something we can think of. 
0 0 आपको अपने भीतर से ही विकास करना होता है। कोई आपको सीखा नहीं सकता, कोई आपको आध्यात्मिक नहीं बना सकता आपको सिखाने वाला और कोई नहीं, सिर्फ आपकी आत्मा ही है विशाल भगत 
0 0 Dear all Cleaning statues as a campaign makes us look so small.  We should do this work without waiting to be asked to do.  Dear Prime Minister, it is sad that you have to tell us to do such things.  I am with you and make every effort towards cleanliness my birth right. Thank you Sir 
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी का है कार्य जानदार बन जाएगा एक अच्छी यादगार महापुरुषो की आत्मा देगी सदा दुआ जाने के बाद भी हमारे लिए कुछ हुआ ये दुआ प्रधानमंत्री जी के काम आएगी इन्हीं सदकर्मो से उनकी उम्र बढ़ जाएगी। 
0 0 It is really a good idea initiated by our PM. It is an opportunity to acquaint ourselves again with the lives of these great Indians and  to pay our homage to many other of our national heroes. New generation even dont know about so may great personalities 
0 0 As our Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi is coming to Paradip (Odisha) on 7th Feb, Hence I want to meet him there about my matter which is very prolonged (i.e PMOPG/D/2015/0122666 & PMOPG/D/2015/0283266). I will take only 2 mins for this. Pls permit me. Thanks, Pradipta Baral, Pipli,Puri. 09938853693 
1 0 initiative to clean Statues 
1 0 NEHRU YUVA KENDRA SANGATHAN BHOPAL DDMP 27 01 2016 Hello DD Live Bhopal SWACH BHARAT ABHIYAN 
0 0 taken up initiative to clean Statues of great personalities. 
1 0 Volunteers have taken up initiative to clean Statues of great personalities. 
0 0 3. to connect fast dirct train to agra, Delhi, and other tourist city. 4. minimise the private vehchle the providing more fast and comfortable transport. 5 . By using the heat of rajasthan making solar cars for traveling to nearbuy metro or other public transport. 
0 0 sir i want to give my opinion on the smart city program. sir i live in jaipur.. and it is choosen for the smart city program. i want to give some of my opinion on making jaipur a real smart city. I have given some points below on making jaipur an ideal smart city. 1.TO develop the outer area of jaipur , as in the main city there is no scope to make it smART. 2.METRO for all the historical place in jaipur for which tourist come. it will result in increase in touris 
0 0 Officers of Nehru Yuva Kendras and Volunteers have taken up initiative to clean Statues of great personalities. Though 1st such drive was upto 30th January, we pledge to make it as part of our regular activities. It would be better if a short film is prepared wherein our Prime Minister may give clarion call to Youth to show respect for our great leaders by cleaning their Statues. This film will be shown in our village/block level activities. Umesh Sahni Nehru Yuva Kendra Ghaziabad (UP) 
0 0 honorable Prime Minister,really u admire me a lot.so i want to take part in statue cleaning activity,soon i will be a part of it.. 
0 0 मेरे विचार से आज हम सब से ज़्यादा अपनी धरती को गंदा कर रहे हैं खाने की चीज़ से। जैसे की शादी मे हम देखते है की शादी बिवाह मे नाना प्रकार के व्यंजन परोसे जाते हैं और हर व्यक्ति हर व्यंजन का भी स्वाद लेता हैं और अच्छा न लगने पर उस खाने को फैक देता हैं जिसके कारण खाना तो खराब होता ही है साथ हे साथ खाने की भी कमी हो जाती हैं। हम सिर्फ एक हे समहरोह को न देखे पूरी दुनिया मे कितने समारोह होते हैं और कितना खाना खराब होता हैं। हम लोगो को इसके लिए एक नीति भी बनती चाहेए। 
1 0 i am raising my own organic terrace farm and i wish more people living in cities and different country will opt for this idea. 
0 0 Agriculture is reducing day by day along with experienced farmers(high majority of old farmers). we need to transfer this experience before it vanishes. i want to get this knowledge and want to transfer it to my kids and many other. my suggestion to this problem is to have a compulsory course in every school for agriculture and have a practical class. raising awareness for terrace farming and rain water harvesting. zero budget organicfarming techniques to farmer 
0 0 question like ( what crop,fruit,vegetable to be sown on what season , how much to water , how much time it take to grow, types of soil, your soil is suitable to grow which crop, organic soil,organic fertilizer , grow by seed and transplantation, terrace farming and many more) 
1 0 I am an engineer but today i was curious to learn about agriculture so, i searched on Youtube and searched some books so that i can learn agriculture from its basics. specially about organic farming . but i found that there are not much sequence study material. i know its  a matter of practice and not just learning from book but, i needed answer to lot of question. 
0 0 Fixed Tax should be deducted from all type of deposits by way of TDS only.  This should not be related with Income Tax Slabs. No need of showing in I T Return. 
0 0 Direct Tax should be abolish. This ammount should be incorporated to Indirect Taxes. This will reduce corruption in offices as well as to society.Otherwise IT return should be enhanced to 15 lalkhs. 
0 0 THIS ALSO OUR STUDENTS SIR 
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR, I AND MY STUDENTS WERE CLEANED OUR NATIONAL FATHER MAHATMA STATUE , WHICH IS IN OUR SCHOOL CAMPUS ON 30.01.2016. PLEASE SIR BLESS OUR STUDENTS TO ENCOURAGE THEM. THANKING YOU SIR. 
0 0 In Chennai - Collective effort by team of 100+ volunteers successfully cleaned 4 Statues [ Labor Statue at Marina Beach, Periyar Statue at Periyar Thidal, Mahatma Gandhi Statue near Marina Beach, Nataraj statue at Chennai Airport] as well as surrounding areas. 56 days continuous effort towards #CleanChennai #StatueCleaning #MyGov 
1 0 To the Honourable Prime Minister, Sir, Just one suggestion regarding Swach Bharat, Clean India Campaign. If there are waste bins installed at bus stops and other common places, I think that people, including myself, would use them instead of littering around. Right now, in most places, I think, there is none available and hence people are forced to throw things here and there. Same also while travelling in vehicles. May God give you the strength to take the country forward with a giant leap!! 
0 0 I think that we should use biodegradable plastic on the behalf of manufacturing of non-biodegradable plastic. This plastic is injurious to human health as well as animal also and pollute our environment. This event can contribute to clean our nation. 
1 0 Honorable Prime Minister, I would like to highlight few areas which is  very important and essential in future for every developing city, state and country. 1. Public transportation 2. Solar energy 3. Water harvesting 4. Plantation These areas should be focused with the development plan of smart cities. Thanks and Regards, Sanket 
0 0 we should follow all this which PM sir expressed desires but one thig is necessary in india to reduce the service terms of central govt employes which may get chance for unemployedy ouths of our nation. 
1 0 I want to start internet service in my village (Tanarada which is situated at odisha of ganjam).  But the basic platform i.e. bsnl boardband is not avaible.  Can u help me to get the bsnl boardband so i will start my service to my village. 
3 0 About 40 students of my Bal Vikas kids who are from under privileged communities have celebrated Republic Day by performing Dohas, Qawali, Poems, Songs, Skit and Dances in Languages such as Punjabi, Hindi, Kannada, Sufi/ Sindhi and Avadhi. The theme was 'Love all Respect All'.A group dance on a Patriotic song was performed by some Special children. Children spread the message about evils of begging, terrorism, value of time and Human Life. Please watch the news in City Kemp local news paper. 
0 0 I am running a bal vikas class free of cost for under privileged children @ my home St bed layout Kormangala Bangalore mon-sat.In which along with their academic studies I teach them various culture and moral values.We have made our layout free from bill posts of advertisement.All public properties such as electric polls, meter boxes, trees, walls, sign boards are clean now.I request you to please draw the attention of public towards this step  to make our country beautiful.Thank you very much. 
0 0 Statue Cleaning of Dr.Bhim Rao Ambedkar by Volunteer of Nehru yuva Kendra Panchkula (Haryana). 
0 0 Staue Cleaning of Freedom Fighter Sadhu Ram by Shaheed Bhagat Singh Club Kazampur under supervision of Nehru yuva Kendra Panchkula 
0 0 Dear PM, I have an idea for removal of plastic, that is Can we build a virus or a thing which will eat the plastic and die's after eating some 'x' quantity. 
2 0 Sir you have emphasis much on solar energy my suggestion is to set up the solar panel over the shades of Railway Platform through this a huge space can be utilized without facing land acquisition problem. 
0 0 first of all corruption in vadodara must be stopped. the vadodara municipal corporation is giving permission to illegal mall, multiplexes in residential are. instead of building the houses for poor the builders are making malls. also without proper documents giving water , drainage and other connection and cheating people in vadodara. not taking any action. if corruption is stopped then other is related to it. 
1 0 Namaskar swach bharat swasth bharat food paking me istmal hone wale maltilyar pauch ke badle akhi grade ke plastic film ke pauch ka istmal honese uska waste recyclin hojayga scrap wale kamse kam 10 per kg ka denge or asi skim banai jai ke har citi me use ke liye kharid kandra ki nagar palika ki tarafsr local cabal me news di jay jiski wajah se citi me koi bhi plastic waste yaha waha nahi fakaga or plastic jalanese hone wale pradushan se bacha jayga. 
0 0 Planet friends initiative vision clean thane. 450 plus days dedicated untill now by 25 volunteers. Spotfixing = fixing a ugly spot. Fb.com/visioncleanthane.com 
3 0 Namashkar swach bharat swasth bharat bharat ko swach rakhana hai to sabse pahele plastic ka sahi istmal karna hoga. Hamare yaha ditargent/salt/namken/Or har tarah ki food paking me maltilyer yane do se tin tarah ke plastic ko sathme jodke banay hue pauch istmal ho rahahe jiska recyclin nahi ho pata hai or scrap vale bhi isko nahi lete hai or isko jala nese pradushan ka karan banrahahai meri itni vinti hai ke maltilyar pe pratibandh lag jai or ak hi tarah ka plastic istmal ho.ldpe/ pp / hm/hdpe 
0 0 Namaskar Honb'le PM, I am Praful Trambadia,Distt.Youth Coordinator, Nehru Yuva Kendra, Vadodara(GUJ). I and my Volunteers have done Statue cleaning activities at VUDA Circle, Vadodara and cleaned 4 statues and garlanded all. Feel proud to honor our national heroes. Such activities should be continue at regular interval. Educational Institutes,NGO, Trust should adopt each  statue voluntarily for regular cleaning. 
1 0 Dear sir, I am Amit from Bihar(Chapra). I am a Electronicc Engg. Me and my friend Rajesh has initiated an NGO in Kolkata name "TARA KUNJ FOUNDATION".We started it with vriksha ropan program with Local ward commissioner. Our target is to educate the children of the BPL Families. We have also initiated the Robotics work shop for the students who are interested in technology inspired by Digital India and Startup India. Sir We are preety much interested in the program initiated for the Youths. 
1 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZN-_TM9U70 please do action thankyou 
0 0 sir mai ek private dental college gwalior MP mai job karta hoo. Jaha per na admition kai liya koi rules hai aur na hee staff kai liya.Jaha per satff ki nimntam vatan bhee nahi milta. jitnee salary non teaching staff ko milti hai ussai jyada dihadi ek labour ko milti hai. berojgari mai sab nokri karta hai. Jyadatar Private colleges staff ka sosad kartai hai. mujhai lagta hai kee Dental Council of India sabsai jayda Bhraste sanstha hai. kripya private college mai rules an regulation kai liya kara 
0 0 logo main awareness lao...to ye phaltu Cleaning issue pe sangharsh nai karna padega....hum Hindustani Believes Cleanliness of godliness.....foreign ke jaise strict rules banao....67years Ho gaye ....old India clean tha.. 
1 0 Sir in my city hoshangabad some people  started a campaign in which one person  take responsibility of one child who is suffering from malnutrition,he takes cares of that child.many people who can't have money they look after those children.it's a good initiative,you should also spread it to other cities,states. 
1 0 सरकार को सरकारी दफ्तरों मे अपने उच्च अधिकारियों को समय समय पर यह चेताना जरूरी है कि वे काम करने वाले कर्मचारियों को प्रोत्साहित करें और सिर्फ चमचागीरी कर के नौकरी करने वाले सभी कर्मचारियों को हतोत्साहित करें। सभी अपने कार्यभार को ज़िम्मेदारी से पूरा करें। हमें ऐसी व्यवस्था को स्थापित करना है जिस से काम करने वाला व्यक्ति निराश न हो । वह और अधिक विश्वास और ज़िम्मेदारी से काम करे। 
0 0 #StatueCleaning Few things to be noted here: 1. Statue should be covered on the top and on sides through see through walls since birds are the first and foremost that may spoil the statue. 2. A spinning wash tubes can be fit on the walls and it should be operated once every day so that the statue is washed automatically and cleaned. This has to be done during 2-3AM since it is during this time, the vehicle movement will be really less. 3. #MyGov can appoint volunteers for this process. 
1 1 i would like to submit a few points. 1.  the caste or community based words should be banned for used in the media or other public places so that to encourage harmony in the country. 2. every act of in-humanity , or any crime should be taken seriously and punishment should be given without any consideration of caste, religion etc. it will create faith in the law. 3.justice should be given promptly. 4. human right commission is for human only and once someone do in-human crime he become SHAITAN. 
0 1 i would like to submit a few points. 1.  the caste or community based words should be banned for used in the media or other public places so that to encourage harmony in the country. 2. every act of in-humanity , or any crime should be taken seriously and punishment should be given without any consideration of caste, religion etc. it will create faith in the law. 3.justice should be given promptly. 4. human right commission is for human only and once someone do in-human crime he become SHAITAN. 
0 0 Sir kindly start selling railway tracks and other material which railway threw besides railway line. I know that railway works on one time use policy but we can use them in other fields,gov. can sell them and the money that we get by selling them we can utilize to improve railway sector.do thank about it 
0 0 Amma Please Review http://1drv.ms/1QAbnIH Amma Vasu Ramagovinda(Amma Vasu Padma Dheeraj) 
0 0 कुछ समाज के किसी व्यक्ति विशेष की प्रतिमा भी उन लोगो द्वारा लगाई जाती है तब ये उन लोगों की जिम्मेदारी है कि वो अपने लोगों को उस प्रतिमा की देखभाल ओर सफाई की जिम्मेदारी सौपे। 
0 0 1)All statues to be painted with plastic black paint to get rid of dust and excreta of birds over a longer period. 2)An ounce of water to be cut from every household supply to form a storage for cleaning of statues which in turn will arouse the concern for cleanliness and preservation of water. 3) Municipalities to ensure that cleaning is carried out every week 4)Schools and colleges should participate in cleaning process. 5) Offices and houses of area to involve staff in cleaning statues 
1 0 Sir,I want to say that aapne startup India ki shuruaat ki hai to iska prachar bhi kiya jana chahiye village aur town mein bhi!!!har kisi ko ghar ghar jake bataya jana chahiye iske bare mein kyonki bahut logo ke pas paisa to hota hai par unhe use karna nhi aa rha hai example- people of bihar kyonki sab log jungleraj-2 se dare hue hain!!!!! 
0 0 Namaskar sir. I want to say that medical entrance ke liye ek exam hona chahiye!!! Sir humlog acha karne ke bad bhi seat nhi pate hain seat bechi jaa rahi hai kuch paise lekar!!!farmers ke beto ke padhne ke liye loan ki vyawastha honi chahiye!!! Please sir,Bihar pe bhi dhyan diya jae kyonki kuch log yaha ka mahol kharab kar rahein hain aap hume bhulna nhi sir!!! 
0 0 Sir. My request is kindly do something to get the justice in time bound and made some regulation for advocates fee. At present,it is impossible for poor people to get the justice from our courts. 
0 0 Sir,his tarike se apne swach bharat abhiyan chala kar mere desh ko jagaya, sir thin vaise hi aap green India mission late or sabhi logo ko kam se kam ek ped lagane k liye kahe phir dekhiye mere bharat ki tasvir.. 
0 0 Sir,his tarike se apne swach bharat abhiyan chala kar mere desh ko jagaya, sir thin vaise hi aap green India mission late or sabhi logo ko kam se kam ek ped lagane k liye kahe phir dekhiye mere bharat ki tasvir....... #StatueCleaning #MyGov 
0 0 My Contribution Toward nation by #StatueCleaning #MyGov at Sardar Smarak Station,Surat 
0 0 My Contribution Toward nation by #StatueCleaning Of MIG-23 at Sarthana,Surat. #MyGov 
2 0 One of my suggestion is that generate one option" Deposit money" in all ATMs machine so that daily basis earner like hawker, rickshaw-puller and others gets benefit of this option to deposit money on daily basis through ATM machine.This option will help in saving of people and play important roll in Indian economy. 
0 0 On 30 January, 2016 - The Death Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhiji, The Father of Nation we took up the initiative to clean up his statue at Income Tax Cross Road, Ahmedabad. Under the leadership and support of Madhish Parikh, National Youth Awardee of the year 2016, his fellow NSS Volunteers Kesha Yadav and Karan Trivedi cleaned up the statue. #StatueCleaning #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
0 0 India must expedite the Chabahar Port Project in Iran. Delay in execution of the project will adversely affect return on the investment in the project. India must insist upon finalization for participation as per original terms and conditions in the Farzad Gas Field. India must increase its exports of engineering and capital goods to Iran. India and Iran must continue its Rupee trade initiated during period of sanctions. India must strengthen the enabling factors for increasing trade. 
3 0 On Republic Day, the National Youth Awardees of Gujarat initiated the campaign of Statue Cleaning with the Statue of Shri Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel - The Iron Man of India near Sardar Patel Stadium, Ahmedabad with the support of NSS Voluneteers #StatueCleaning #MyGov #MyCleanIndia 
0 0 At Jaipur old city gates , stone footpath , so many Mandir , Jalab Chowk near City place,city wall to name few so many old heritage buildings made by royal in Jaipur City is not maintained  in their original form as no attention, stones are replaced or bituman road layer is put over,is this is this is the way of maintaining our rich heritage? The related buracates/administration getting such high salary is not accountable for their responsiblity. Material used in maintaince is low grade. 
0 0 Congratulations for the initiatives.Public places, surroundings, inside home all can be cleaned.But how to clean the mind? For that many steps in parallel have to be done. (1) Students from KG has to be taught self cleaning. Children from 5 years can be made to clean their plates, glass, lunch boxes etc. and cleaning the space where they sit and eat. Children from Class 5 onwards can be trained to clean their class rooms and premises. Actually when we were children we used to have 'sewana varam' 
0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी मे कहना चाहता हु की हमारे देश   के सेना जवानो को पढाई लिखाई का समय नहीं मिल पाता इस के लिये कोई कदम कैयो नहीं उठाया जा रहा है पढ़ा लिखा होने से नहीं आधुनिक तकनीक का फायादा उठाने मे मदत हो गी स्टार डैम मे भी शिरकत करने का मौक मिल सकेगा आप इसके बारे मे कुछ कदम उठाए 
0 0 Sir, cleaning up nation in every form possible is important. So, keep up the process of cleaning up the nation until its crystal clear inclusive of being corruption free, free from any kind of disease like bribery etc. So, keep up the process. India has the potential to grow and become a developed nation like US. 
2 0 In single Toll, 8 toll booth are present at now. Due to that many traffic,Pollution increases Petrol & Diesel consumption increases. Idea to implement: In single Toll,24 toll booths can be implemented. At same time three vehicle can go & get pass 
0 0 I stay in Ahmedabad . I visited Kite museum . Unfortunately it is not maintained to attract tourists . It has large scope of improvement . I felt sorry so I shared with you . Pl address this issue . It can fetch lot of revenue . 
0 0 अगर हम चाहतें है की देश का विकास हो तो भारत के हर व्यक्ति को ख़ुद का विकास करना ही होगा,हमारे विकास मैं ही देश का विकास छुपा है ....ना की सिर्फ़ १५ ऑगस्ट या २६ जनवरी को उत्साहित रहे बल्कि हर दिन देश के बारे मैं सोच कर देश को हर प्रकार से स्वच्छ रखना ही होगा ..... जय हिंद... 
1 0 #StatueCleaning, #MyGov  Our National hero who deserve respect should be highligheted through statues. At same time there should be restriction in constructing statues in public places by individuals , religious people .  there were many communal disharmony happened in country  due to erecting unwanted statues 
0 0 set camera on public places .so that people affraid of making city dirty ! 
0 0 Pleas arrange for brooms, dustbin, cleaner materials, etc. and limit the number of participants to prevent theft of material and politicisaton of #StatueCleaning 
0 0 #StatueCleaning You only need to Give official order to State Deptts or Chief Secretary of States I have already send too many mail or draft about development of Assam or North East. regards Sanjeev Ray 
0 0 govt can take initiative to provide dust bins with low cost to all houses. this inculcate the people to make their house and their environment clean.. cleanliness should start from our house.. so schemes required for dust bins ... especially for poor people 
0 0 when we are talking about statues cleaning mission of our leaders.... first of all their image should be cleared properly and honestly through an independent agency...many times we listen/read about Nehru, Gandhi, etc. on social and social media..which seems true.... when the heart will clear only than the statues will be cleared... 
0 0 All over India every village will come railway speciality &goods service why road transport then costly railway because effect for poor farmers poor businessman &poor students jaihind 
0 0 PM Modi has created a new way of involving citizens of India in the Governance. It will benefit the nation. Thanks Modiji. 
0 0 Corruption in the local administration bodies has created a kind of apathy in the people towards the public properties and monuments. Strictness to the bodies is essential requirement. Retired people can play a significant role in movement. So their involvement should be increased. 
0 0 #Statue Cleaning Accountable to the District Administration and through it, make responsible to the local NGOs have a duty to arrange proper arrangements for cleanliness and through them to aware the people give a space to local NIC website where people have to register their name with full address along with 5-10 mates or society people to take participate in cleaning to statue.Provide online certificate to people who contribute.If 10 statue in city,should Regis.20 group in a day 4 mor to even. 
0 0 Why we avoiding to use CCTV everywhere ?? If we use CCTV every where and every city then most of the issues can resolve like Crime control, People will help to keep clean our cities in fear of CCTV and many more things which can be corrected if we increase use of CCTV. Government need to set CCTV in every City and a control center where someone will watch 24*7 and I am sure it will help a lot to people and government as well. 
0 0 pl ensure that there are adequate dust bins. How will people throw garbage properly if there are not enough garbage bins???? Pl enforce strict penalties for traffic violations... Far too many traffic violations taking place..... please do the do-able things rather than only announcing big schemes. Small but effective steps that make difference to lives of common people are very important 
0 0 देष की प्रधान सेबक को ए समीर की प्रणाम । देष प्रगति के पीछे दौड़ने केलिए तयार हे मगर देष की किशानो की भबीस्य के लिए सोचने के लिए या उनकी भबीस्य सुधार ने केलिए कुछ कार्य एशा करे किशान आत्महत्या ना कारे । कुछ मडेल हे जोकि किशान दौड़ ने लगेंगे ओर देशको दौड़ाने की पहियाकि कार्य करेंगे । उष के लिए हामे एकबार आपसे मिलना जरूरी हे ।  हामरा नाम समीर कुमार साहू हे । ओड़ीशा के निबासी हे । हांम किशान की भबीस्य सुधार ने काम करते हे। आपकी समीर कुमार साहू 
0 0 # Sir I think there might b strict rules against people throwing carbage in the streets ! Govt should take fine from those people. CCTV should be given in all the roads. 
0 0 AT West Bengal Alipurduar District Mekhiliganj #StatueCleaning #MyGov 
0 0 We are the Members of kandi Railway Sanjukta Karan Committee Every Weeks Clean Our Kandi Town.And anther time ours Members goes to Railway Station and Clean Ganga River Ghat.Our Request my beloved Prime Minister Please Arrange a Spacial Office every District Town.This Office always observers in this works. A Special Meeting arrange In New Delhi to call up all Social Organization and Schools.Our Organization always sport this works. pravat kar, kandi,MSD,W.B.MO:-9932647412. 
0 0 Implementation of 7th pay commission at threshold. Why the common man is taxed by giving House Rent Allowance to those officials living in their own house. House Rent Allowance is a compensation given by the government where no government accommodation is provided. A debate is essential whether a government servant living in own house is entitled HRA. If this practice is stopped that amount also  can taken for nation built. 
0 0 சிலை சுத்தம் 
0 0 நாம் ஏதாவது உருவாக்க என்றால், அது சரியாக பராமரிக்க வேண்டும் ஆனால் நாம் அதை செய்யவில்லை. எளிதாக அணுகுமுறை: நகராட்சி உதவி அல்லது தொண்டர்கள் மற்றும் மாணவர்கள் உதவி. பரிந்துரைகள் சில சிலையின் இடம் மூலமாக வேறுபடுகிறது சாலையில் உள்ள சிலை: i) கண்ணாடி அல்லது புலப்படும் பிளாஸ்டிக் பாதுகாப்பு கொண்ட மண்டபம் உள்ளே வைக்கப்படும். ii) அசுத்தங்களுக்குத் கட்டுப்படுத்த வேண்டும். iii) மாநகராட்சி  மாதம் ஒரு முறை சுத்தம் செய்ய வேண்டும் . iv) இந்த மண்டபம் மேல் சோலார் பேனல் உருவாக்க வேண்டும் . 
0 0 sir, please find the alternative of pollythene so we have no problem to ban it, paper bag,cloth and jute bag is not alternate of pollethene i different situation,weather,weight etc. 
1 0 IN MY OPINION THE FIRST INITIATION OF SWATCH BHARATH MUST START FROM PANCHAYATHS BY PROVIDING NEEDFUL FUNDING 
1 0 We should also start campaign from rural places.we are doing more focus on urban develpoment.at the time of every area must  be developed.i would like to share my opinion to take state's education.primary schools are not giving right education to children .they are only time passing.they are not supporting in education develpoment.Very soon i would like to start campaign agaist teachers those who are not teaching to children.they are only making money ......they are getting think about education 
0 0 Simple cleanliness of the premises and statue of Bapu at Ridge,Shimla and all my student health workers made by swasth vyakti,swachh Bharat campaign in schools was deeply satisfying today i.e.matrydom day . 
0 0 1.Please ban plastic (covers,bags etc) as much as you can. 2.Many BJP MLA's and MP's not involving much in Swachh Bharat then how we can  expect it from other party members and other party supporters( Also here many people are thinking it is only for BJP so we have to change that thing). Public servants and govt. officers should involve in this mission monthly/weekly. 3.To do Swachh Bharat is primary goal but we have to give awareness to people for not doing dirty and all. 4. 
0 0 education should be completely app based.so everybody can acquire education of national level and can be learn more effectively amd gov should sell EDUPHONE(Educational phones)which will only use in educational stream and gov should sell that phone at selected centres with cheaper price. 
2 0 सेवा में माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आप और माननीय गडकरी जी इको फ्रेंडली बैटरी चलित रिक्शा को प्रोमोट कर रहे है जो की हमारे बताबारन के लिए अनुकूल भी है इसलिए में उत्तर प्रदेश के शाहजहाँपुर की तहसील जलालाबाद में एरिक्षव मौफॅक्टरिंग यूनिट लगाना चाहता था मैंने 4 माह पहले पंजाब नेशनल बैंक की जलालाबाद शाखा में लोन के लिए अप्लाई किया था जब 4 माह बीतने पर अत्यधिक् परेसान होने के बाद मैंने लोन में देरी का कारन पूछा तो बैंक ने यह कह के लोन रिजेक्ट कर दिया की इ-रिक्शा का कोई फ्यूचर नहीं है 
0 0 कितना बड़ा बलिदान किया होगा उन्होंने जो उनकी प्रतिमा शहर की शान बनकर बीच चौराहे पर लगाइ गइ। अब उन प्रतिमाओं पर यदि हमने कपड़ा लगा दिया तो हमारा क्या बिगड़ गया इतना तो हम कर ही सकते हैं। 
0 0 Regarding Polythene bags being used by vendors, I suggest to run some advertisements for the households to carry recyclable bags as we use to do when I was a child. Its time to visit the good olden days again! 
0 0 Dear Modiji, Thanks for all the initiatives that is been taken. I suggest that Statue cleaning can be taken up by the private corporation sponsors and in turn should be provided tax breaks. Off course there has to be some inspections in place to check the completion of work. 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री --- नमस्ते , वन्दे मातरम -- स्वच्छता अभियान हेतु सुझाव -- स्वच्छता में ईश्वर का वास होता है --- स्वच्छ भारत अभियान पर भारत वर्ष के कोने - कोने में जाकर हम स्वच्छता अभियान का एक कैम्पेन चलाये जाए जिससे जन - मानस जागरूक हो , प्रत्येक जिले की नगर - पालिका की कार्यो की समीछा हो , तथा जिस - जिस जिलों या सहरो , अथवा  , महानगरो में कचरा निस्तारण केंद्र पहले से मौजूद है , और किन्ही कारणों से बंद पड़े उन सहरो , जिलों या महानगरो में उस केंद्र को तत्काल चालू कराये जाए ---! 
0 0 sir/m'am, one more thing. I know this is not concern with this topic but sir/m'am there is lack of information media for yojnas..most of time there is yojnas but there is lack of information to people about it. and media of today is shows advertisement more than yojna awareness.. sir if possible pls make a separate website and app..where all the information regarding yojnas is available. so that people who wanted to know or tell other people they can use it in better way..thanks. #myyojna 
0 0 some amout should pay to panchayats or municipality or nagar-paliks in order to clean it. and amout should pay pr statute & make a app or something like that where people can review about it that work is done or not..if not they can review directly and government directly can say to panchayats or municipality to do asap. 
0 0 In Govt. Departments. Offices, Corporations and all govt. organisations swatchaa Bharat  teams should be formed and for that teams One person should take care of that team for one week to look after office premises clean and that best team will be awarded in the Swatchaa Bharat function once in a year. This system we will do in Schools and Hostel generally. Contractors in Civil bodies after laying roads, pipe lines should clear debries otherwise they should be black listed. encourage jute produc 
1 0 First of all; grateful thanks to Prime Minister Modi Ji for this initiative. Our team made a valuable effort at Chennai after Floods. We cleaned 15 areas & contributed towards #MyCleanIndia which indirectly connects to #StatueCleaning (Bringing Smile to others life) as well as 2 Statue (Swami Vivekananda) Cleaned by other team at Varanasi. 
0 0 Dear Pm, I will take this opportunity to share my views on this issue, it's okay that we must maintain cleanliness at public places in our beloved country ,this is outside cleaning, but we have to change from inside, our internal cleanliness is earn the money by legal ways, so no to all type of corruption , make peoples aware of benefits of controlled & quality population , for this we have to create that sort of atmosphere throughout the country,for this make provision of funds in budget. 
0 0 I request Modi Ji to provide free cloth bags to vegetable vendors, so that polythene just disappear from our Lives. Bless 
1 0 The students reading in DAV HZL School at Dariba – a remote and sleepy mining location of Rajasthan – were elated to rise upon the call of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi and propelled by their indomitable spirit, forty students from the Dariba School, on 3rd August, 2015, went all the way to the dusty town of Fatehnagar, 17 Km away, where a statue of Maharana Pratap gathered dirt on the crowded crossroads. They washed the statue, paid due obeisance and pledged to keep it clean. 
0 0 I am writing this mail from Bangalore. I am very concerned about the cleaning and Garbage Disposal.Disposal. Unfortunately the situation is deteriorating and looks like complete machinery has given up. * The Garbage is collected in small open vehicles * Garbage is transferred at several places, every where spillage takes place which is no one's concern * People are finding difficult to segregate the Garbage (Plastic / Wet Garbage / Paper etc) Requires training. TV Ad can be usefull 
0 0 I salute yourself, Respected and Honourable PM Modi Ji for your Cleaning Drive. We can Do and We WILL. TATHASTU AMEN INSHALLAH VARHKAR 
0 0 Respected prime minister Ji.I and every one who loves India appreciate every wrk u undertake as u do it from the bottom of your heart with sincere devotion . Respected sir I want to give one suggestion .just as u started with "selfie with daughter" and it was a huge success similarly sir can u please announce or start "selfie with planting a new plant around our surroundings" in Maan ki Baath this time.In this manner every one will plant at least a new sapling nd  wil give smthng to environment 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री महोदय, मैं उत्तर प्रदेश के एक छोटे से गॉव से हु, और इस समय मैं दिल्ली विस्वबिद्यालय में शोध छात्र हु, ये स्वच्छ भारत अभियान बहुत ही अच्छा प्रोजेक्ट है, मैं ये स्वच्छ भारत अभियान अपने गॉव से शुरू करने जा रहा हु, इसमे मैं अपने गांव के लोगो को इसके प्रति जागरूक करने का प्रयाश करूँगा, लोगो को अधिक से अधिक पेड़ लगाने के लिए जागरूक करूँगा, मैं उम्मीद करता हु कि, इस अभियान में मेरे गॉव के लोगो का भरपूर सहयोग मिलेगा। 
0 0 Provide double Bedroom houses to poor people in cities, provide water and electricity to farmars continuosly, free technical and professional education to poor people....please work towards development of poor people and farmers is very important... 
0 0 It is an innovation to make the nation enriched. 
0 0 Apologies if I misunderstood. I thought #StatueCleaning was to remove our leaders statues from streets and put the with dignity in parks and enclosed  remembrance facilities. Please consider my suggestion to move statues "as much possible" to respectable place. 
0 0 Dear Narendra modiji sir, we are all with all your going and future projects.Your team is on good path and we are all with you sir,and the same time i appreciate your entire team of NDA govt.This project will also get an full support from our entire nation. 
0 0 PM sir, Swacha Barath, Statue cleaning, Make in India, Skilling India,Digital India etc; are becoming only aannouncement, imlementation budget is not at all coming from central....please see the KCR CM of Telangana implemented swach Telangana, swatch Hyderabad ssuccessfully released budget, implemented Make in Telangana, Google campus, Microsoft, Apple companies are establishing their units in Hyderabad...PM sir please adapt Telangana systems in other states effectively...Telangana... 
0 0 Sir I think v shud start the work or campaign frm schools v should make realize the kids importance of cleanliness and importance of our leaders by making some kind of activity in school on daily basis like making them feel that are lucky to born in INDIA..And as far as statues are concerned your party should form youth groups to support your idea by GANDHIGIRI and make a movement by encouraging like minded YOUTH to JOIN THE MISSION ny many ways of taking support of SOPHISTICATED people of INDIA 
0 0 When it comes to getting reacquainted with our National Heroes,  it becomes all the more important to make our youngesters acquainted with the lives of those who stopped thinking about themselves or their families and threw themselves whole-heartedly into act of serving the causes near and dear to the  people of their era. THESE PERSONALITIES STAKED THEIR PERSONAL STAKES FOR THE CONCERNS OF THE PEOPLE WHETHER THESE WERE SOCIAL OR POLITICAL; REGIONAL OR NATIONAL. 
0 0 Suggest, we should ourselves take initiative to clean the dirty statues/photographs of our patriots, whenever we visit any office and observe any dirt/dust on the statue. 
0 0 પ્રધાનમંત્રીશ્રી તમારો સ્વચ્છ ભારત અને સ્વસ્થ ભારત માટેનો વિચાર મૂલ્યવાન છે... આ માટે હું સુત્ર આપું છું અગર હમ સ્વચ્છ તો હમારે વિચાર સ્વચ્છ; દેશની બુનિયાદ છે સ્વચ્છ ભારત  અને સ્વસ્થ ભારત જે પણ લોકો સરકારી સેવા જેમ કે અાવકનો દાખલો, રેશનકાર્ડ, આધાર કાર્ડ કે કોઈપણ સરકારી પ્રમાણપત્ર નિકાળવા માટે જાય તેઓએ એક પ્રતિજ્ઞા લેવી પડશે કે અમો ગંદકી નહિ કરીએ તે સાથે તેઓએ તેમની સોસાયટી અથવા મહોલ્લો કે શેરી-નુક્કડના  ત્રણ વ્યકિત ને અલગ અલગ વિચારો સાથે સ્વચ્છતા વિશે સમજાવવું પડશે મલ્હાર 
0 0 For the sake of national building, it is necessary to recognize, realize and put an effort to create an opportunities to the group of intellectuals, matured and well behavioral personnel with knowledge, people of rich cultural background with providing schemes to join, share and enlighten the society, state and nation by active participation with incentives for their financial support.  Because such category of people are either getting in middle class or poor class. 
0 0 Good work Good Incentive Sir....I have seen in many state govt office Mahatma Gandhi Statue under dirt and dust...nobody cleans or give a tribute with Agarbatti and malla.I am feeling very much Sad...I am seeing all this from my childhood in Assam. 
0 0 Statue cleaning is really a good start to clean the minds of the people. At least they will come to know what is cleanliness and how it can be maintained. No doubt, cleaning everything is good but rather avoiding to make anything dirty will certainly solve the problem of environment as well as ugly mind. 
0 0 The Prime Ministe,  Shri Narendra Modi's call to the countrymen to get reacquainted  with the Nation's i oconic figures is an idea which deserves to be taken seriously. The only way is to try to always remain  "in touch" with any one and every one who played  a role in any aspect of our country's growth history. OUR'S IS A COUNTRY THAT IS PROUD OF ITS CULTURE IMPACTING THE LIFE OF ITS RESIDENTS FOR TIME IMMEMORIAL. EACH PHASE HAD SHINING FIGURES. MUST BE  DEVOUT TOWARDS THEM. 
0 0 राष्ट्रीय चेतना एवं विकास मंच द्वारा दिनांक 28 जनवरी 2015 को छतरपुर जिले के स्वतंत्रा संग्राम सेनानियो को श्र्धा सुमन अर्पित करते हुए डा- अंबेडकर सहित सभी की प्रतिमाओ की सफाई एवं धुलाई की गई इसके बाद डीडी तिवारी के निर्देशन मे मंच के सदस्यो ने स्वछ भारत अभियान मे भाग लेकर 4 टन कचरा एकत्रित कर ट्रांचिंग ग्राउंड भेजा दिनांक 30 जनवरी को राष्ट्र पिता महात्मा गांधी को श्र्धांजली दी गई 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी़ मेरा यह निवेदन है की प्रत्येक वार्ड काे कुछ हिस्साें में बांट कर ब्लाॅक बनाकर प्रत्येक ब्लाॅक में एक सफाई मित्र काे अगाया जाये जिससे की वह सफाई मित्र सफाई के लिए अाम जनता काे प्रेरित करे अाैर प्रत्येक प्राणी को सफाई का बोध कराए की गंदगी से हाेने वाली हानियाें काे बताए तथा सफाई ना होने के कारण फैलने वाली गंभीर बीमारियों के बारे में बताए स्थान अनुसार सफाई मित्र की जिम्मेदारी तय कि जाए सरकार काे अभियान चलाया जाना चाहिए एेजीअाे की सहायता लेनी चाहिए पाठ्यक्रम में शामिल करें 
0 0 Sir, For setting up large scale industry,  Government  should acquire 200 acre area (approximately 10 lacs square yards area) in the market rate i.e. Rs 1 crore per acre it means 200 crores. There must be one rule for all industries i.e. 100 acre for the covered area, 60 acre for the open area for roads and transportation and remaining 40 acre area should be utilized for the socio economic works i.e. world class school, college, hospital, petrol pump with automobile service station, indo 
0 0 All the public transport buses be fitted with a vacuum cleaner to for cleaner roads without much effort 
0 0 If can as a nation educate the masses to stop Spitting in Corners of Buildings etc. which becomes a urinating spot & cleaning becomes difficult as it smells too much. dry trash is easy to handle by any Volunteering group. We have to aim at getting People to Just stop spitting. We can have a mass movement in which we click small Video of such people spitting in public place & selective Broadcast of these. Today 50% population have mobiles. The Video must be clear with face of person & location. 
0 0 Cant we have two sets of books one for children who are good in studies and one for little weaker just as we have for english and hindi for class 9 and 10.afterall why teach a child theorums when he is least interested.this way we will have lesser dropouts and a better skilled workforce.the practice of passing everyone till class 8 should be abolished 
0 0 Sir, Pollution in Delhi is going dangerous label and nonlegal factories is a big reason for that, these factories running in the night and left lots of smoke in the air, I knew lots of factories situated in our area in name of Mandoli industrial area (Near Nand Nagari Delhi - 110093). sir I request you to take a necessary action to stop these factories for polluting the air. 
0 0 It is a matter of proud and pleasure to clean the Statues of national leaders who sacrificed their lives for the cause of the motherland.Unfortunately we could not take their blessings personally but at least to do this ideal work on moral ground too.Similarly,we should follow the advice of our respected Modiji to keep our city clean. 
1 0 For reservation: Reservation may be to any extent.  But, in such a way that others are not affected.  As LPG subsidy has been cut for persons having income above 10.00 lacs; in same way reservation may be extended to persons enjoying income up to 10.00 lacs.  Other communities are automatically coming down.  After some time (years) higher class will be in minority.  Anil Mangla 
0 0 Sir, I and my colleagues in NYKS are contributing their full for statue cleaning since 23 January till today in Haryana and Himachal Pradesh. Number of statues of public figures have been cleaned by our volunteers, but we are finding it difficult to upload the process photos on this site. The app iVolunteer given to us for uploading is of some other groups. please help is in this regard. 
0 0 sir, your Idea is very good. But it will take effect until and unless our young generation will not understand the importance of cleanness. And there should be a policing team (may be outsourced) who will keep eye on such people. They will be having rights to charge heavy penalty. Otherwise freedom is having this kind of black side. People are not even thinking about cleanness even they got warned. Here we must need Netaji Rules not Gandhi way. Jai Hind 
0 0 Sir,  One immediate social reform can be done is that in three years, each new case may be decided by various courts i.e. 1st Year in Distt Court, 2nd year in High court and finally in Supreme Court.  It is need of the hour.  As qualification of Elected persons in Panchyat election has been appreciated;this will also be highly appreciated.   Courts can be in double shifts if there is any paucity of infrastructure.  Holidays in courts may be curtailed.   Anil Mangla 
0 0 All the statues, monuments in India need to be cleaned and there conservation has to be done. Since I am in the business of conservation, restoration, preservation and cleaning of temples and heritage structures in India. I have taken up work of cleaning,conservation and repairs of Heritage Jain temple in Kutchch, Gujarat. I wish to undertake such innumerable structures exists across India. They should be cleaned by proper scientific instruments without disturbing the inter molecular structure. 
0 0 Respected Sir, I know India is progressing but a few people putting it down with the vested interest. But under your valuable guidance it would progress and develop many folds. I request you to think over the increasing population and the teaching & research in Population Studies is somewhere in the corner. I think it is in the last bench of the class. In India, there are 18 Population Research Centres  located in the different Universities and Institutes which need your attention for care. 
0 1 काला धन माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी काला धन पर आपका वादा याद दिलाता हूँ. मेरा यह निवेदन है की संदाद में यह घोसना हो की सभी सांसद यह सपथ पत्र दे की उनकी कोई संपत्ति देश से बाहर किशी बैंक में अघोषित नहीं है. फिर एषा ही घोसना सभी सरकारी कर्मचारी, जनप्रतिनिधियों और सरकारी ऑफिसर से भी लिया जाए. यह कदम क्रन्तिकारी होगा. इस के लिये तीन चार माह का समय दे कर सभी उक्त लोगो से सपथलेना चाहिए, उसके बाद संसद में सभी अघोषित सम्पति को देश की संपत्ति घोषित किये जाने का प्रस्ताव सदन में पारित करने का प्रयास हो. 
0 0 gowen ki traf jada dhyan dena hoga 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सम्पूर्ण स्वक्षता के लिये यह आवश्यकता है कि सार्वजनिक स्थानों पर शौशालय का निर्माण सरकारी तौर पर कराया जाये. भले ही उसके उपयोग हेतु शुल्क लिया जाये. शहरी क्षेत्रों में यह रोजगार का साधन भी हो सकता है. आप अवगत है की हाट बाजारों, सरकारी कार्यालयों, कोर्ट कचहरी, पार्को में पेशाब घर नहीं रहने के कारन लोग जहां तहा गन्दा कर देते है. फिर भी मै मानता हूँ की सफाई सिर्फ सरकार की जबाबदेही नहीं है. यह हम सवो का परम कर्तव्य है की गन्दगी नहीं फैलये. 
0 0 in every town or village school and college student should be encouraged to form a group along with school and colleges are asked to form group and to submit the work done by them to DEO and do work like statue cleaning, park cleaning, spreading awareness, 
0 0 Sir, for people to participate in these kind of initiative, an idea is a citizen of this country on his/her birthday or dear ones birthday should contribute voluntarily in swach bharat, tree plantation, helping the poors, donating to NGO's, and a Janamdivas Fund for Poors should be created in which anyone can deposit any amount he/she wants this fund should be used for uplifting the poor, those who cannot take part directly can contribute here. 
0 0 Sir, in rail all your efforts for rich class. For e.g. suvidha tatkal premium tatkal etc. But think about poor class who travels in unreserved class. I think number is nearly equal to those who reserve seats and the unreserved class who travels in 3 or 4 coaches i.e. 15-17=3-4 coaches. So i Request you to run a superfast unreserved train between major station.in persent such type of train is available but having too much stoppage and average speed is very slow.either boost it's speed or run new 
2 0 Hon'ble Sir, After a long period our country has reached in the hands of a strong leader who can speak to the world in their eyes. You are a leader who is really concern about our future generation. The platform you are building all over the world for the growth of our nation is really remarkable for the masses who are really concern about Hindustan. As a Hindustani I am proud of my country and a leader like NARENDRA MODI JI. REGARDS. 
0 0 Regarding digital India -  Sir you have released "Ramcharitmanas" in CD but now these days everybody is using pendrive, datacard & smartphone. Your released digital Ramcharitmanas will be benefited only if it will be available in other format also like paid download from internet so that it can be used in pendrive, data card & smartphone etc. Thanks 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister of India, Its a great initiative that common people are contributing to cleanliness of statues, streets etc.I also participate in your great program. 
1 0 We are requesting to PM for take fast decision on new infra-structure projects and awarded to infra company as per e-tendering to decrease unemployment of people. Thanks. 
0 0 Every one should start Clean India Movement from his/her own House to Mohalla and aware society about importance of cleaning in improving their health condition and it is also related with one's image in the Mohalla. Ward Commissioner of each area should visit his/her area and appreciate clean house owner/tenant with some small gifts . This initiative will create competition among resident to improve their cleaning habits. 
0 0 I have requested to Haryana Government for development at Greater Faridabad, Haryana for connectivity of Roads, Swebage, Electricity but till now no one lisen the word. We have paid EDC and IDC to Goverment but that funds are not used in properly. No Authority have not doing there jobs to develop the city. We are facing big problem to connectivity and electricity, public trasnport also. My Humble request sir please instruct Huda Authority to do some pending work. 
0 0 हमारे प्यारे मोदीजी, हर कोई भारतवासी चाहता है साफ़-सुथरा देश!! आपकी लगन, चाहत और नियत भी है सही और नेक!! आपको ऐसा नहीं लगता कि जो लोकसभा और राज्यसभामें 'कचरा' भरा है वोह निकालना जुरूरी है!! यूँही बातों-बातोंमें २ साल गूजर गये और गुजरात जिसे आप साफ़-सुथरा सोंप गये थे आज फिर मलिन होने लगा!! हम कहेंगे... मन भी साफ़, दिल भी साफ़, साफ़ हो घर अपना, साफ़ हमारे घरके साथ हो साफ़ घरका आँगन अपना, साफ़ हो आँगन, साफ़ महोल्ला, साफ़ हो गाँव अपना, साफ़ गाँव, साफ़ तहेसिल, साफ़ जिल्लेके साथ राज्य और राष्ट् अपना! 
0 0 Respected Sir, Udaipur is most beautiful and clean place and the citizens of Udaipur are good too. They take part in every activity related to government and support. You do look after the same. Because of this city has been declared the smart city among the 20. 
0 0 It is great that a leader leads the nation with Pride and Proud which is missing in our day to day lives. Reason? disconnect with our history and taken things as granted. Cleaning of Statues of our leaders by us on volunteer basis will lead to connect with great people, their efforts and with our history. Knowing more about our country leads a upbringing of Proud Indian kids and adults which further glorify ourself as we were in so called Sone ki Chidiya time!!! I am volunteering myself and kids 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister of India, I cordially invite you to the naturally amazing rural fishermen land in kerala state, kasaragod district, trikarpur kadappuram. This place is island like. But Govt. machinery is inactive in the development of this most backward region. muhamedkunhi@msn.com 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister of India, I am residing at Trikarpur Kadappuram of Valiyaparamba Panchayath, in Kasaragod District of Kerala State. This land is a 24 Kms stretched island like between Arabian Sea at west and Kavvayi river at east. Southern boundary is the Ezhimala Naval Academy. I am the General convener of the Regional Development People Committee. We are struggling hard to remove the wastes from the river and sea, daily in the morning.Also we are growing plants in the river banks. 
0 0 Please increase the budget per nyks program and spend of nyc volunteers 
0 0 ये बात तो साफ हो गई की हम इस देश के नागरिक एक बहुत ही सुंदर सोच वाले प्रधान मंत्री श्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी की सुंदर सोच के साथ आगे जा रहे हैं क्योंकि छोटी-छोटी सुंदर लक्ष्यो से ही मंज़िल पर पहुँचा जाता हैं 
0 0 अच्छा हुआ हमने साफ़ सफाई के बारे में सोचना शुरू कर दिया नहीं तो आने वाले समय में वह भी आउटसोर्स कर दिया जाता कोई विदेशी आकर हमें साफ़ सफाई करना बताता और रुपये ले जाता , कोई हमें शुद्ध और पोष्टिक खाने का महत्व बता रुपये ले जाता धीरे धीरे भारत का सारा यूथ बहार नौकरी करेगा और विदेश के लोग भारत में आकर आउटसोर्सिंग प्रोजेक्ट देखेंगे. 
0 0 Its a great initiative that common people are contributing to cleanliness of statues, streets etc. Apart from this, civic bodies responsible for maintenance of such places should be made accountable in discharging their duties. Most of the government buildings in India are constructed with high costs but not maintained afterwards resulting into slum like situations people hate to go to such buildings unless compelled by circumstances. 
0 0 #MyGov Mass Pledge is an excellent initiative to raise awareness in school children. Incorporation of the values of cleanliness and hygiene in children will create a better, safer and happier world. 
0 0 All of Indian's are spend  every Sunday's some time for cleaning  of our "Mahatma's Statue , removing dirty from our nearest public places , cleaning roads, planting  trees in both sides of roads and public areas . Our Ministers , writers , govt. servants are  give to a  leadership of this program . I suggest a name of this program is " Clean India , Green India Program " 
0 0 I have been cleaning the streets in my area by removing the advertising posts, bills from the electric polls, meter boxes, walls and trees every morning without fail. by doing this alone I found some changes like no more posts on trees now in my area and the number of posts on public properties have been reduced. I would request you to please introduce some strong steps like fine against those corporate bodies whose posts are found on public properties. It spoils the beauty of our country. 
0 0 This must be linked to cleaning up surroundings&sustaining that on a long term than as a ritual.Ex.: With my wife went2 NIMS (Famous as AIIMS of Hyd) on 22-12-2015 The scene at (1) Toilets {both gents & ladies)adjacent to Millennium Block - Andhra Bank) was pathetic means one way entry to hell(2)Private Parking open defecate all over and smell to death. So nearest statue and NIMS can be clubbed 
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR, I WANT TO INFORM YOU THAT THE INSURANCE (LIC) INDUSTRY IS SUFFERING FROM A GREAT STRUGGLE AFTER ADDING SERVICE TAX ON POLICY HOLDERS PREMIUMS. SIR THERE SHOULD NOT SERVICE TAX ON LIC PREMIUM AND THIS IS INJUSTICE WITH POLICY HOLDERS. SIR WHAT WILL DO A LARGE NUMBER OF AGENTS WHICH ARE INVOLVING IN LIC AGENCY ONLY FROM 2O TO 30 YEARS. 
1 0 अच्छा हुआ हमने साफ़ सफाई के बारे में सोचना शुरू कर दिया नहीं तो आने वाले समय में वह भी आउटसोर्स कर दिया जाता कोई विदेशी आकर हमें साफ़ सफाई करना बताता और  रुपये ले जाता , कोई हमें शुद्ध और पोष्टिक खाने का महत्व बता रुपये ले जाता धीरे धीरे भारत का सारा यूथ बहार नौकरी करेगा  और  विदेश के लोग भारत में आकर आउटसोर्सिंग प्रोजेक्ट देखेंगे. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister 'AGRA' being a city of highly historical importancs and wonder of world 'TAJ MAHAL' in the city, it should be taken in the SMART CITY without any consideration in the first selection to carry good image of our nation by foreign tourists. 
0 0 100% dedicated towards clean india.. 
1 0 kindly assign admission to college, engineering, Medical on 12th  basis. This will CLOSE all coaching center.Give class 3 and class 4 jobs on merit of marks obtained so that degree courses have some value. Making entrance exam at each step is  removing use of last exam student faced. 
0 0 Video of Statue cleaning of Swami Vivekanandji. Present are Youth from Nandgram, Pasonda, Naipura, Shakoorpur etc. 
0 0 Further to my post I have further to mention as under: 5.	The statues should be treated in the same fashion the way we treat our gods in the temple by keeping them clean. 6.	The respective ward officer’s performance to be evaluated as one of the performing parameter. 7. Lasers Cleaning can remove even the thinnest layer of dirt from delicate sculptures without damaging their surface. 
0 0 I am Vaidik Brahmian not by birth or as Per B.R.Ambedkar's division of society, but by true values and meaning so; dare to state that installation of such Statues is a great nu-incense and hurdle at the public places. So I am deadly against the same. If at all any one or group of people deserves, let they have free choice to erect the same by purchasing the private land for the same but not any where in the public place. Same is followed to all religious Idols annual functions and processions. 
0 0 1.	The statues should be covered with Umbrella to avoid Birds coming and sitting on the statues and making it dirty. 2.	Every Week the Fire Brigade with high pressure pump should wash the statues the time taken will be less as compared to manual cleaning. 3.	 The respective Corporator of the ward should be made responsible to ensure the Municipal Corporations take action in deputing the fire brigades for weekly washing of the statues. 4.	Garland Every statues after washing. 
1 0 Statue cleaning activity at Naipura, Loni Ghaziabad Umesh Sahni Nehru Yuva Kendra Ghaziabad 
0 0 Statue cleaning activity by Nehru Mahila Mandals of Loni area of Ghaziabad on 23rd January, 2016. Umesh Sahni District Youth Coordinator Nehru Yuva Kendra Ghaziabad Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports 
0 0 I have developed small scale biogas plant mainly to utilize the green waste accumulated in our surrounding areas. if such small scale plants are installed in societies or colonies, our garbage (green waste) problems will be solved at the base level only. In addition to that plant gives biogas as energy ,which we can use it for cooking and heating purposes. I am trying to develop even small scale generator to develop electricity so that our main problems of green waste  will be solved. 
0 0 but present this programme is excellent. 
1 0 Dont give permissions for new statues , with out public poll. 
0 0 Various Nehru Mahila Mandals cleaning statue of Swami Vivekanandji. We will make it one of the activity in our Regular Programmes. However, Nehru Yuva Kendras should be provided with Projector to show short films of great personalities and also cleanliness Drive videos of NYK activities. Kumari Yogesh President-Nehru Mahila Mandal Shakoorpur (Modinagar) Nehru Yuva Kendra Ghaziabad 
0 0 Angel Heart Convent Sen. Sec. School Dharamkot Punjab feels proud to be a part of this swatch bharat abhiyan. We are highly obliged to our respected PM to start it. And the students who are the future citizens of this country should be made volunteers to move this abhiyan ahead. 
1 0 #StatueCleaning, Primarily I see this great initiative of PM as like cleaning our parents / grand parents photograph frames at our home, simply because we respect and are beneficial to the ideologies and heritage that they have awarded to me and my family. Can we see home beyond your own house....what could be that....Society, Street, City, State, Country and whole World....Surprisingly We will find many such great heroes, who had sacrificed their lives for our better life. 
0 0 Just write down of the line below statue " if you really deserve this guy or if you think so then of course you pluck. This is just question of your conscience and do what your conscience asked you". 
0 0 All the temples should not be allowed to use PLASTIC.  Endowment departments should be instructed strictly not to allow plastic usage. Temples should adopt a school in the vicinity , if they are sound enough or they should get the funds for running schools. Each and every temple should establish OLD age homes.  If they are not sound enough, they can approach BIG temples.  Construction cost of the homes should be born by the inmates.  maintenance, etc.should be taken up by temple authorities. 
0 0 स्टेचू क्लीनिंग सिर्फ मूर्ति साफ करना ही नहीं वरण अपने महापुरुषों के प्रति आत्मिक जुड़़ाओं को भी दर्शाता हैं | एक अच्छी पहल | @narendramodi @iamkhwaza #StatueCleaning 
0 0 Our Nehru Mahila Mandal pledges to generate awareness towards cleaner Indian and also cleaning of Statues of great Personalities. Photo of one such activity uploaded herewith. 
0 0 २. मेरे विचार में भारत के लोग चाहे वो किसी भी प्रदेश के क्यों न हो बहुत सेंसिटिव होते हैं । पूर्व काल से ही , इमोशन हमारी कमजोरी रही है । इसी इमोशन को अगर हम अपनी ताकत बना ले और सफाई के लिए एक जुट हो जाएं तो हमारा भी गाँव , शहर और देश विदेशों की भांति चमक उठे गा । जय  भारत अभिषेक कुमार 
0 0 हम अक्सर देखते हैं कि शहरों में सड़को पर ज्यादातर गन्दगी वहां होती है जहाँ ढेर दुकाने ज्यादा होती है । १. हर एक बिज़नेस ओनर चाहे वो किराना वाला हो , सब्जी वाला हो,मांस / मछली वाला हो या  ठेला वाला ही क्यों न हो अपने साथ अगर एक भी डस्ट बिन रखे और दिन भर के कूड़े को डस्ट बिन में डालते रहे और क्लोजिंग पे म्युनिसिपल के बड़े डस्ट बिन में डाल दे तो कुछ ही दिनों में  हमारा शहर साफ़ हो जायेगा । 
0 0 Respected Sir, It is the best move to pay the respect to nation. It is our inclusive responsibility whether Public, Private or Government.But the responsibility weight should more on schools and school children so that: 1. They could be aware of clean India Movement. 2. They could receive the positive learning by frequent visiting these "MAHAPURUSH" 3. They could respect and assimilate the seed of harmony and unity. 4. They could be able to save the path of Nation's Builders. 
0 0 Statue cleaning action has been remained  neglected for long which has been reminded by Hon'ble PM to bring awareness among people. Appreciable step. 
0 0 Nehru Yuva Kendras pledge to generate awareness amongst Youth towards MycleanIndia as well as cleaning of Statues of great personlities. Umesh Sahni Nehru Yuva Kendra Ghaziabad Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports 
0 0 10th or +2 pass job cleaning statue   , jo log seva nhi kar sakte wo pessa de sake h wo pesa job walo ko dedo job or kam dono ek sath 
0 0 yes i will do it.thanx sir Again this is a great effort for clean INDIA. 
0 0 I will Also do it with my Friends 
0 0 make "medical council of india" transparent 
0 0 Sir, This is great initiative but its need some rules and regulation to participate state govt along with the people. In City it can be done to fast with the help of increasing liability on RWA's of societies. RWA can make a group in their areas and weekly participation of resident. Movement need to be extended at lower level. Further that movement of cleaning India can be further charge with involving college student as college students can spare good time to educate people in their area. 
1 0 I am very happy for this opportunity.... But My Suggestion is: Hum Jitni Jyada SAFAI Chahate he, Uske Liye Utne Jyada DUST BIN Hona Mere Khyal se Avshyak [jarui] he... Kyuki Logo ko jitni jyada kachra Dalne [DUSTBIN] ke FACILITIES hogi utni hi jyada log safai Rakh payenge... 
0 0 the medical council of india is the organisation which is responsibel for quality of medical colleges & in turn about the quality of medical graduates who will be the future of health care of our nation. issue is that the MCI is controlled by capitation mafia & contributing in manufacturing doctors who have money but nothing else. this is detrimental to the poor people of the country. please clean MCI from corrupt people who are sitting there for decades. 
0 0 I will do it with my Friends #StatueCleaning 
0 0 Unless and until polythene is strictly banned throughout the country nothing is going to keep the country clean. 
1 0 ji I m always ready..... I m swayamsevag 
1 0 Sir, i am also participate for the same. thanks and all the very best. 
1 0 I am greatly appreciate the thinking of our PM and I believe that nice thinking always give way to make a better India........ 
1 0 R/ sir aap mere bastion sarak or bijli dene Ki kiripa kare 
1 0 Nice efforts to pay respect to late LEADERS with campaign of  #StatueCleaning  ---------But Sir cleaning of  Corrupt system of our country should also be priority of the Government-----------!!! I am retired Manager of INDIAN BANK and not able to get my MEDICAL REIMBURSEMENT to PENSIONER for the year 2015 in spite of my repeated request to the management -------even my repeated emails are not responded by Head Office Thus a set back efforts of DIGITALIZATION INDIA   ----When our system work?? 
0 0 RESPECTED SIR I AM ER.BISWAJIT BEHERA,I WANT TO SAY ONE THING,YOU ARE REALLY PERFECT AND GOD WISHES PM FOR OUR COUNTRY.WE ARE FEELING VERY PROUD,BUT WE ARE JOBLESS ENGINEER.I HAVE COMPLETED BOTH DIPLOMA AND B.TECH IN ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING.WE ARE TRYING TO GETTING JOB VERIOUS WAY LIKE COMPETITIVE EXAM,BUT NO RESULTS WITH US.I AM FROM ODISHA.HERE NEEDED MORE PLANT AND COMPANY.BECAUSE HERE VERY LESS COMPANY AVAILABLE,WHERE WE ARE TRYING TO ENTRY FOR JOB,BUT NO VACANCY ARE THERE.STILL I AM FRESHER. 
1 0 We are OWMC, we take care of solid waste management. we would like to Join SWACH BHARAT mission. our units are installed in various hotels which convert waste in to compost within 24 hours. Pls do contact us 9423812404 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी मैं इस निवेदन की ओर आपका ध्यान आकृष्ट करना चाहुंगा की लगभग सभी राज्यों में अनुसूचित जाति एवं जनजाति के किसानों के खेतों में सिंचाई के लिये विद्युत कनेक्शन पंप उर्जीकरण के नाम पर प्रति किसान न्यूनतम 4 से 5 लााख रूपये व्यय शासन द्वारा व्यय  किये जाते हैं किंतु बिजली तो है ही नहीं इसका फायदा केवल ठेकेदार बिजली उपकरण निर्माता उठा रहे हैं . मेरा आपसे सविनय अनुरोध है कि ऐसे किसानों के यहां बिजली कनैकशन के मंहगे और अनुपयोगी सिस्टम की जगह सौर उर्जा संचालित पैनल लगा दिये जावें - 
0 0 RTI के तहत PMO से जनहीत में माँगी गयी जानकारी पूर्वोत्तर रेलवे गोरखपुर द्वारा आदेशित व निर्देशित पत्र संख्या RTI/ पीसी/ IV/ 151/ 692 रेलवे डी०रे०का० वाराणसी में लंबित क्यों? 
1 0 All the best. 
0 0 sir,no doubt that you are a great personality and working in accordance but sir you have to take immidiate action against  unauthorised cow exporting cell from INDIA to Bangladesh at bangla desh border daily(in between hasnabad to hingalganj north 24 parganas ) 
0 0 Respected Sir, I do not only participate but take lead in various cleaning missions in & around the area that I live. But today I felt that I should put in few of my words hoping that you would appreciate if the suggestion has value. Sir, such a big country cant be cleaned with Jhadu. I think mechanisation is the need of the hour. Truck vacuum cleaners, automated scrubber etc should be shown in the Swachh Bharat Ad which would increase industry volumes making another Make in India success story. 
0 0 ALL THE BEST 
0 0 R/ sir kya aap mahangai ko kam kar sakte hai , kya is parkar se hi aap indusries main boom ke asha kar sakate hai 
0 0 StatueCleaning is one of the better achievement for cleaning India. 
0 0 Dear res. Sir We want to set up the dust bean in our village.sir I have donate some money in this work.if you help me some in this good work.pleaae help me. Swatch village swatch bharat. 
0 0 It is not the duty of Government to keep the statues clean; as a true Indian, it should be our duty to keep them clean. Because, during many occasions we are the people giving examples of them to others. 
0 0 It can be done as a responsibility by every citizen and be initiated by students as S.U.P.W. Project in school,by gov't offices alternatively month wise like January;month of municipal corporation,February;month of police department,march ;month of health department and so on...at the end of year in every district best month should be declared by D.M. Then it will be a work of fun and reputation.... 
0 0 Main hurdle in #StatueCleaning is that the promises are locked as a result we aren't able to enter it and clean it. #MyCleanIndia 
0 0 any strict measures taken  by govt will have political -opposition retaliation-but like the battle field, govt should move forward and it will HAPPEN one day and it will be put in to practice-Slowly people will start accept it- LETS be clean and make india each town-village-city- country clean in the near future- Lets all try it out- dont be selfish-be selfless 
0 0 Pl mention in MAN KI BAT about PMKKKY for mining affected area so that This great efforts provides fruits soon.. 
1 0 Respected Sir, Recently in our District one girl committed suicide as they don't have toilet and using open toilet, constructing individual toilets for each family requires more money instead if each village some public toilets may kindly be constructed on war footing basis under 'SWACHCH BHARAT PROGRAM' of hon'ble PM 
0 0 The Govt has certain view/s about each concept being in mind or introduced-The channel which it takes or the Medium which it adapts is very Important with easy understanding ability of millions here in India- It is not the govt or the Thought behind is to be blamed -it is the People -it is our own country men to be blamed for not following it- Sometimes, it compulsory to Exercise control with constant supervision.every individual-every single political person-student-Child-Youth should follow 
0 0 swakchata apnakar hi desh ki sundarta aur samman me lagenge char chand....... 
0 0 To get better result,pl involve corporate,NGO,SHG based around rural area in a structured manner under time based monitoring....Things are moving.. 
0 0 हमने कोशिश एक बदलाव की एक ग्रुप बना स्वच्छ भारत अभियान के लिए काम कर रहे है साथ ही स्कूलों मे बच्चो को स्वछता प्रहरी के रूप मे शपथ दिलवा रहे की मैं अपना नाम स्वछता प्रहरी के रूप मे शपथ लेता हु की साल के 100 दिन यानी हफ्ते के 2 घंटे श्रमदान करुगा अपने गली मोहल्ले को साफ़ रखूँगा न कचरा करुगा न करने दुगा साथ ही मैं 100 लोगो को प्रेरित करुगा | 
0 0 Felling proud to be the part of this campaign, we should shake our hand in clean environment with not only the voice or in social media comment but also on ground zero level around us.I hope will be a clean India soon. 
0 0 EVERY WHERE SWACHA VARAT ABHIJAN IS GONING ON THIS IS ONLY HAPPANING BECAUSE OF OUR HONB'LE PM MODI'S MOTIVATION TOWARD T STIL SO MANY PLACES THERE IN INDIA ARE NOT KNOWN ABOUT THIS .IN OUR VILLAGE SOMANY PEOPLE ARE DOING TAILET AND LANTRIN OUT SIDE ON ROAD SIDE.SAUCHALAYA SCHEME OF GOVT FAILED HERE.THAT MONEY IS 50/50 BY EMPLEY OR ORGINASION AND PUBLIC .NOBODY MAKE LATRIN.SO GOVT SHOULD DONE REALITY CHEKH THROUGH OUT SIDE ORGANISATION SO THAT PEOPLE ARE AWARE ABOUT ,THIS MONEY ALSO THEIRE 
0 0 Swachata Abhiyan will be success only when government put to much heavy fine..................... 
0 0 ALL THE BEST 
0 0 Sir, Yesterday I listened that our country has improved in rank of lowering corruption.I think this can be improved more by doing all govt debts payments fees stamp duty by Atm cards or any govt provided electronic card and if people are not having that facilitate them this card then and there in every Deptt . By this three things can be done . People having no bank acct will be financially included 2 black money will come to bank 3 corruption would controlled upto some level.Pls aware it. 
0 0 Welldone modiji.  In tamilnadu many statues are in dust.   I will also try to clean them. Thank u for your prime motive. 
1 0 Swachata Abhiyan will be success only when government put Dustbins on every half kms. on road. 
0 0 In most of the urban houses people use modern days sophisticated water purifiers which obviously filter the water to make them drinkable but lots of water during that purification process got wasted and we use to waste that non-drinkable water without having alternate beneficial use of that water: 
0 0 Being an INTACH member, I was thinking on similar lines - to create a team and clean our monuments. Statue-cleaning is a wonderful initiative and I would love to play an active role. Do we need to take permission from the authorities for this? 
0 0 नमस्कार माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आपसे नम्र निवेदन है कि कृपया गाय के सम्मान में इसके वध पर पूर्णतय: प्रतिबन्ध लगाने के लिए कानून को जल्द से जल्द पारित करवाकर उसे लागु करवाने की कृपया करें. हम ताउम्र आपके आभारी रहेंगे . धन्यवाद विक्रम सिंह धारीवाल 
0 0 Save the girl Save the Country.............. 
0 0 Hi Sir, Its a great honor to have PM like you in my country. But as an citizen of India, Please dont mention government in every initiative you move on with, As we all are Indians and we will be Indians, and instead of MYGOV if its MYINDIA that would have been every nice to hear for all the Indians. Thank You sir for this wonderful opportunity. 
0 0 Cleaning India is still far away because the cows and dogs are still free to make Indian roads dirtier.cleaning statue not so important .they are dead for them no difference 
2 0 A great initiative indeed. Yet, it is my suggestion that governmental regulations be introduced to control, if not disallow the installation of statues in the country. Those who contribute to its proliferation do not realise that:- 1.  The public at large is no more enamoured with this stale and self-serving concept. 2.  Te rightful place of legendary personalities is in the hearts of the common man. 3.  It is outright disrespectful to leave the statues unattended. 
1 0 NM is trying to do too many things. He should concentrate on the economy. Jaitley has failed to get double digit growth. He must be replaced. So should some CMs who have lost local elections. 
0 0 Great idea i Always with my Gov. 
0 0 हांलाकि पॉलिथीन बैग्स पर पाबंदी है पर आज भी ये धड़ल्ले से इस्तेमाल हो रहे हैं और पर्यावरण को क्षति पहुँचाने के साथ कूड़ा बड़ा रहे हैं. सस्ते डिस्पोजेबल गिलास, जो चाय के सड़क किनारे के खोखों में प्रयोग किये जा रहे हैं, वे स्वास्थ्य को गंभीर रूप से खतरे में डालने के साथ ही कचरे का एक बड़ा हिस्सा बनते हैं. मैं, मेरा परिवार और कई मित्र इनके प्रयोग से बच रहे हैं. इनपर रोक लगाई जानी आवश्यक है. 
0 0 GREAT IDEA WE NEVER SEE LIKE THIS PM GREAT INDIA AND GREAT PM NAMO 
0 0 In my childhood,during 30-40s Queen Victoria Statues were kept spotlessly white and clean. These days there is craze to build statues, even of living politicians, but thereafter no attention is paid to keep them clean and attractive.All municipalities should be instructed to detail a person to clean up the Statue in his area every day. 
0 0 India ki tarkki me sabi yogdan kren 
0 0 Insist to local area representative (councillor of each municipal wards & MLA of all states of city) motivate them area people to join this kinds of activity & provide individual responsibility then great result obtain within near future. wish you all the best for success to every country people. 
0 0 great idea proud to have lIke this PM of Bharat 
1 0 It's a great idea by our respected P.M. sir" Sri Narendra Modi ji " Cleaning Statue" Thank you for 
0 0 It's a great idea by our respected P.M. sir" Sri Narendra Modi ji " Cleaning Statue" Thank you for 
0 0 It's a great idea by our respected P.M. "Cleaning statue" Thanks 
0 0 SUPER JI.... 
0 0 This idea is best way for our India 
0 0 It's a great idea by our respected P.M. sir" Sri Narendra Modi ji " Cleaning Statue" Thank you for 
0 0 Really Our beloved P.M's Statue cleanining Idea would make great awareness in the citizens mind about thier National leaders and thier serivces in freedom achievement.Jai Hind. 
0 0 Modi g aap jo kar rhe h vo bhaut acha h 
0 0 Instead of building new temples, the money can be utilised for renovation, cleaning, etc., of the existing structures. 
0 0 I have due respect for our national Heroes and I would be more than happy to clean voluntarily. But if we would like to maintain the cleanliness over the statues in future also, we need to create an organizational  structure & process, where duties and proper resources are assigned to government authority (Municipality, Panchayat etc) of respective area of statue location. If we want to maintain the honor to statues of our national heroes than we can not rely on volunteering every time. 
0 0 Might be tears in the eyes of Netaji, Patel ji after having such thought. Modi ji you are great 
0 0 Swaksh vatavaran se ek nirog desh ban sakta h hamara bharat.. 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji... Today world is getting known about India because of ur sincere efforts and I thank u for that.. When we think of cleaning things why not even the policy of crime on women. I didn't get a forum so addressing here. Pls quickly introduce a policy fr acting on rape and crime on women seriously. Every single bharathiya Nari will keep u in their heart and mind and workshop... Pls clean our old policy and make women safe in India. Jai Hind...... 
0 0 Public debates should be organized near the statues 
0 0 Good to utilize services with ( shubh bhawna ) . Self   PRERNA  witnessing  such statue  is the best . Second thought - News papers / awakened citizens  will point out unattended / uncleaned statues &  with invitation . Better through festival of joy . Work with enthusiasm One circle on each sunday  ( Manorath ) be organized  as seva is  performed  in temples .Excellent idea of get together .  CLICK THE MOMENT OF JOY  &  TWEET . 
0 0 NiceNice 
0 0 Noble souls, noble statues! Noble thought, will have a noble ending!! Let this be a start!! Let's keep the statues always clean!! Form citizen's committees to maintain these statues!!! 
0 0 Might be tears in the eyes of Netaji, Patel ji after having such thought. Modi ji you are great 
0 0 Dear Our honorable Prime minister Modi sir It's really a very good initiative sir.. सर साफ वातावरण में ही अच्छे व्यक्तिव का विकाश होता है 
1 0 it's very good thoughts 
0 0 Dear Mr.Modi, Cleaning is a process at grass root levels. It should be made as an international participation. It should be a festival and it should bring people together. It is difficult to unite people internationally, but it is quite easy to conduct cleaning campaign by calling international volunteers to work with our local school children and cleaners and public for 100% participation. Teach them young. Recognize grass root cleaning workers. 
1 0 Dear Sir, It's really a very good initiative sir...it will keep all the statues of our Nation clean as well as the love of people for those legends will definitely increase, and in this way people will keep remembering our great legends! Hope, this will become a great mission & all Indians will participate in this mission...I wish all the best for this Mission! Jai Hind... 
0 0 Always with you 
0 0 Dear Our honorable Prime minister Narender Modi Ji I have one suggestion that can lead our nation to very top level. I would like to suggest you that our government shall provide the bullet proof jackets to our each soldier. This goal can be achieved only under your government. So pl initiate to achieve this goal so that we can save our soldiers and can present our nation as very strong nation. 
0 0 Jaha Safai wahaa Laxmi niwas karti hai.... 
2 0 After jal and dugdh snan malyarpan at statue Of Chandra Shekher Azad ji.. Sultanpur UP 
0 0 On the occasion of Chandra Shekhar Azad ji Jayanti At Sultanpur UP 
0 0 Really a great initiative and everyone should be a part of it honestly. 
0 0 SirModi, we are happy fir this good.Thought to our nation to provide u a very good work given Indian citizens.So I thanks my lovely primeminister. 
0 0 Clean INDIA is to make heaven INDIA. 
0 0 Statue Cleaning by Narendra Modi - #StatueCleaning Statue Cleaning is an initiative by PM Narendra Modi. Stature Cleaning initiative in India to clean the Statues of our national heroes. Click here to know more : http://statue-cleaning-narendra-modi.blogspot.in/ 
0 0 WE ALSO WORK FOR CLEEN KANPUR. & BELIEVE THAT IN NEXT SESSION KANPUR IS ALSO IN LIST OF SMART CITY. 
0 0 Res/Modi G.India Proud. I request You Please Give Your Kind Attention on Private Sectors Employes. As Marketing Professional,Factoory Worker,Where No Fix Salary for Same Posts Employes.Each Sector Salary Structure is not Same. Here Also Company Not Give There P.F. On Time after they Resing or Leave Company Or Join Other After 1 Or 2 Year they not got there P.F. SO PLEASE GIVE A KIND VIEW ON PRIVATE SECTOR EMPLOYE SALARY ATLEAST IT FIX ON A MINIMUM . 
0 0 Mr.Prime minister, People fight for caste, religion, cow slaughter, beef and related things why dont anyone fight for poor people, fight against poverty, when we people will leave our hypocrisy. Lets join together to create a healthy, happy and riots free country. Lets put our hands together to clean poverty, unemployment, hatred feeling towards caste religion and move towards happiness and harmony. 
0 0 I started own software company softcore software proprietorship form in 2010 then after registerd Pvt. Ltd  ( Softcore Software Pvt. Ltd. ) in 2012, I am doing well now I want spend training center and business .For that purpose I concern to some bank for collateral free loan either any government scheme that I take loan for spend own business  . But No one single bank support for that. Government wants to promote young entrepreneur that facilitate and execute program at local level. 
0 0 in last election in up for gram pradhan and panchayat very bad use of adhar card some fake adhar card maker make adhar card on date of election(in many voter list many fake voter name add and fake person photo add on addar card recive a copy by cumputer make a orignal voter it was become in city ariya gram panchayat) 
0 0 in every election some percent of normal personal or normal member of party should give ticket for election therefor some good person can enter in poultices seeing actual date of birth and consult with astrologer if more person then draw the name in public meeting 
0 0 मैं यही कहना चाहूंगा कि पूरे भारत के प्रत्येक नागरिक को खुद को घर को और मोहल्ले को साफ रखना चाहिए जब भारत का प्रत्येक नागरिक की यह काम करेगा तो कहीं पर भी गंदगी नहीं रह जाएगी और खुद-ब-खुद भारत स्वच्छ हो जाएगा 
0 0 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mMc_Q-5oR9o 
0 0 Respected P.M. sir, thank you for providing Handicrafts article in D.L.W. ground. it is first central govt. scheme to directly benefit to required person. you are a grateful person as well as pm in Indian political history. really you are devotee person. i solute you. i am unemployment person searching for jobs... thank you 
0 0 RIGHT TO INFORMATION-Govt.offices most of the information officers are not reply to your letter,appellant officer has noticed to information officer but he has not answering and not present in the case .If you are going information commission information officer has not come there because he know that commissioner is his supporter and he is ex govt.employee.Now what can a person have do for justice ? 
0 0 Respected P.M. sir, You know 80% money are expenses in govt.employees specially in primary teacher but work of primary teacher is very poor.within last seven year.from 2008 every person become primary teacher which know that it is secure life. this profession provide great holiday as well as highest salary about 5 to 6 hr in a day working.because he know that this is a one time investment plan. if those person become primary teacher the future of child unsafe so please think in this matter. 
0 0 A very humble suggestion. We render service to the Society by way of goods/services and get income therefor. INCOME therefore is an Index of CONTRIBUTION made to the National Wealth. Similarly SAVINGS in the Banks are in the nature of CONTRIBUTION to the Society as Banks make use of it again and again for productive purposes/Nation Building. Hence abolish Income Tax as such. BENEFIT as reflected by WITHDRAWALS from the Banks be taxed by progressive TDS. 
0 0 dear sir my age 25 but not job with my home famaly only on mee depende please etc. job but not possible I am Aadhar opreter and Diploma 24month, ministry skill traning, but sir no job indian presnte time 24,25,30 age boy crime sir resene job my choice crime branch join please  suporte mee mai apne myGOV please link crime branch joinig sir , ADD- BHUDHA VIHAR COLONY TARAMANDAL ROD GORAKHPUR,UTTAR PRADESH POST- RAMPUR-PIN-273016- MO- 8765738042 tinkusingh4455@gmail.com sir wait 
0 0 A common people-Most of the govt. offices have one unwritten rule that no money no work.so what people do against them,you have complaint against them they have theft the paper and no rule for your govt. employees . Employees say clearly that they not responsible for central govt. letters to follow them,tell us what a common people take action otherwise rate a list for each work as the official head has permit. 
0 0 Why don't we build such systems that within an hour, reinforcements arrive to the remote areas where Indian Army is fighting?  I have such a system where in half-an-hour, military reinforcements for Army can be reached in remotest possible areas in times of War/Battle emergencies. 
0 0 Sir, Hats off to your efforts through which you are trying to enlighten the spirit of the nation and i should proudly say that the change is visible. I am working to nurture wildlife and nature a small effort to contribute for a better future. Although with the current disparity in the society and attitude towards agriculture i am not sure how far i will succeed, but when i look at your goodself i always fill like continuing with spirit.Thanks.  project details on www.kokangabha.com 
0 0 There are quite a few reasons that compel the farmers to commit sucide , the most vicious being the high interest loan from local Shahukars who first lure them and then coerce them. This is an age old exploitation in India. There can be a simple solution to this. Enact a law that any loan given to any one in cash without a legal document duly registered with the IT authorities will be null and void. Such loans made in cash out of unaccounted money and the loans are realized by force/coercion. 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, To minimize unemployment in India, I would like to suggest to start online/offline work through home or cyber cafe with weekly or daily basis salary because lots of talented people has not being benefiting and not been selecting because they don't had a degree due to some some region. But they had better talent compared to degree holders. 
0 0 BSNL should utilize staff wisely which is not done wisely .In BSNL staffs are not utilized properly due to division set up as Technical /Non technical . this is the main reasons were BSNL is lacking and that is due to mismanagement of Technical staffs in hire post as GM, DGM, DE, SDE they all think them self as all known one person to get the fruit from root to leaf. Kindly see upon the matter to save BSNL. 
0 0 I think more than problem in the department of register office. In my opinion every property purchase / sales / Rent- through government lawyer 
0 0 Please Modi sir, we want to make Ram temple in Ayodhiya 
0 0 And i want a job in Electronics and IT field in NearBy Delhi ,Chandigarh City Text me any HR 09050891000 and email me deepaknokhwal@gmail.com about JOB Notification I send my Resume as Replay ,Thanks all 
0 0 i want to say to Prime-minister that they start INDIA Search Engine, Like Google, and server To Growth India Fast Its Important that our Country have Its Server ,Search Engine, and other Community website that totally created by only INDIA, 
0 0 बेटी पढ़ाओ वर्ष मनाएगा बाम्बे इंस्टीच्यूट अबोहर। गली नम्बर 6 में स्थित बाम्बे इंस्टीच्यूट द्वारा वर्ष 2016 को बेटी पढ़ाओ वर्ष के रूप में मनाने का निर्णय लिया गया है। इसके तहत लड़कियों को कम्पयूटर, इंग्लिश स्पीकिंग, सिलाई-कढ़ाई, महेंदी और नर्सरी टीचर टे्रनिंग के कोर्स मुफ्त करवाए जाएंगे। कोर्स पूरा होने के बाद छात्राओं को आईएसओ 9001-2008 सर्टीफिकेट भी दिया जाएगा। इंस्टीच्यूट के निर्देशक गगन चुघ ने बताया कि इस सुविधा का फायदा उठाने के लिए जाति या उम्र की कोई सीमा नहीं है। 
0 0 My name is kpsingh I want to talk about job creation.modi sir according to me agar gov system hai usko semi government banaya jay aur Jo government employee ko ik badi rakam di jati h uski jagah agar half salary di jaye to mere hisab se kam achha hoga.8181811241 
0 0 Happy to know that Prime Minister Sri Narendra Modi is trying to modernize India using all the available modern technologies which other developed national leaders never tried. Congratulations to P.M. for your great leadership to share your ideas using the cyber technology. You are really a role model to all Indians. I am proud to be an Indian living in the U.S. www.koovalloorusa.com 
0 0 #StatueCleaning, To start with lets clean photos of your elders @ home  who are not with you unfortunately, this may give feeling of happiness and can lead to generate due respect to the great people's statue. Every work should be done with interest and respect, else it will become mechanism, which I believe our honourable prime minister do not want. 
1 0 sir, with all due respect I want to say that peoples does not do any thing in free but want every thing in free. we should give this work of cleaning statues to our municipality head and certificate of what they will do. 
0 0 #Statue Cleaning. Hon'ble PM Sir, You are rightly pointed out to clean the statue of "Great Indian Sons" at the right time. only inauguration of statue is not the proper way to pay homage. every day cleaning of that statue & remembrance during statue cleaning time will effectively strike the great work of that great leader in the mind of statue maintenance personnel. near my house there is no such Statue. so I decided to clean the photos of leaders in my room. and I am Carrying out"SANKALPAS" . 
0 0 We must not lose sight of the fact that a good number of our youngsters are absolutely ignorant as  what these great personalities stood for and what encouraged them to do what they did for their Motherland. This can be done only BY PREPARING BRINGING OUT A BLACK AND WHITE VERSION. CONSERVING THEIR DEEDS FOR POSTERITY WOULD BE THE TRUE TRIBUTES TO OUR NATIONAL ICONS. 
1 1 I have an idea that can make for effectiveness in this regard. By the help of a robotic drone statues can be cleaned easily & effectively if govt provide support to me I can explain it very well. Thanks. To modi sir for the innovative step. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Like we already have Swachh Bharat which is doing very in almost all the India, we should have one Swachh Pados (Clean Neighbourhood). Actually I would request if we could in all our India have some portal like here URL http://www.nottinghamcity.gov.uk/reportit would be great. Here any citizen can report the issue related to cleanliness etc in his neighbour. I am a computer programmer could write this program in days but only after Govt. permission. Best Regards 
0 0 Sir, My topic for discussion here is to enhance agriculture output which serves as the backbone of our economy. Under the 100 day work scheme in which sufficient is not being done, people working under the scheme can work in farmer's land thereby they will not end up in paying the labor cost. Which in turn will encourage more farmers to agriculture currently which has a lot of input costs which reduces the interest of crop cultivation along with burdening loans and farmer suicide 
0 0 Cleaning the statues of our National Icons is the way to reacquaint ourselves with what these pious souls lived and died for. This should be converted into a bye-yealy affair -- on the occasions of their birth and death anniversary  -- re-calling the important happenings of their era. A Nation cannot afford to let the memories of these persona fade away.A NATION OWES IT TO ITS HEROS NOT ONLY TO PERPATUATE THEIR MEMORIES BUT ALSO TO ENCOURAGE YOUTH  TO  EMULATE THEM. 
1 0 #StatueCleaning On every auspicious occasion in the family we have to clean statue in our vicinity as pay our homage to these great heroes. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister I am an Advocate in Supreme Court from last 20 years. I just want to say that crime, corruption and law and order problems are the base of all the problems in India. Strength of Our police force and subordinate and higher judiciary must be increased at least 4 times and all public places like markets, roads, police stations etc. must be kept under survellience through HD GPS system and CCTV cameras and concerned officer must be punished for default. 
0 0 Thanks PM for making the things that real Indians have in mind come true ,by uniting everyone with right mind set. Democracy has to be people based that's what this government shows. 
1 0 #StatueCleaning is like to pay our homage to these great national heroes also it  maintains a clean n clear image of our town/city/nation. 
1 0 #statueCleaning #MyGov #SwachhBharat Respected Modi Sir, This is how we Celebrated this Republic Day by Cleaning  the Dr. B.R. Ambedkar's Statue in Bangalore, As you have instructed to us in last Mann ki Baat. An interesting fact about we people is that we firmly believe that all of the world’s problems can be solved through “awareness” and then magically someone else like the government will fix it. It is our country! Letsball keep it clean by Working together. Proud Indian! JAI HIND 
1 0 #StatueCleaning Please notify a model code for establishing "Statue".Provide water connection to clean the statue on a regular interval. 
0 0 Sir, My submission is not regarding statue. But it is about a very important subject. Sir, in India in most of the English schools, Mercent of Venice by Shakespeare is being studied by our children. It is full of hatred against jews. If it is bad to spit venom against a religion, it is bad  to generate hate for jews in  children through this play of Shakespeare. Kindly do something. Thanks Ramesh Chandra Anand Mobile987802689 N-107,Gillco Heights, Gillco Valley Sector 127, Mohali-140301 
0 0 #StatueCleaning an important initiative most of the time which gets underrated. 
2 0 Statues have become a nightmare to public. We have encourage administration to place statues inside parks towards corners not in the middle. On the roads and junctions a strict ban on any statue. 
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.546700195497547.1073741886.126... #StatueCleaning #MyGov #MyCleanIndia Check out activity of #Goa #panaji #yuvapanaji #yuva 
1 2 Sorry Modi ji,  Please arrange to remove all the statue on road junctions / corners.  Road is meant for free flow.  Please keep the statues inside schools, colleges, govt offices and remember them in the prayer with their contributions and philosophy. 
0 0 Please check out the photos from #GOA https://twitter.com/RaghuvirMahale/status/693007393215647744 #StatueCleaning #MyGov 
0 1 Respected Modiji,I hereby convey a famous adage for Your kind honour i.e."WITHOUT FAITH THERE IS NO KNOWLEDGE, WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE THERE IS NO VIRTUOUS CONDUCT,WITHOUT VIRTUES THERE IS NO TRUE DELIVERANCE,AND WITHOUT DELIVERANCE THERE IS NO PERFECTION (NIRVANA). HENCE,DELAY IN IMPLEMENTATION OF BETTER IDEA IN ANY SECTORS i.e.(Projects, Production,Constructions,in Services LEAD TO COLLAPSE IN THE GOVERNMENTAL PROGRESS & DEVELOPMENT. Hence,Example is bitter than Perception.Already 18 months passed 
0 0 Respected Modiji,GM of S.E.Rly.visited New Administrative Building at GRC/Kolkata-43 on 28/01/2016,which bring a massive change in the name of CLEANLINESS in each floor and in many Sections & somehow reach near to the Mission of "SWACHH BHARAT PROGRAM". However,if this type monthly physical Check thoroughly maintain in each Department including all Sections not only in H.O,Divisional offices but also to as many as Rly.Stations under the control of each Division of Indian Rly. might bring change. 
1 0 Respected Modiji,GM of S.E.Rly.visited New Administrative Building at GRC/Kolkata-43 on 28/01/2016,which bring a massive change in the name of CLEANLINESS in each floor and in many Sections & somehow reach near to the Mission of "SWACHH BHARAT PROGRAM". However,if this type monthly physical Check thoroughly maintain in each Department including all Sections not only in H.O,Divisional offices but also to as many as Rly.Stations under the control of each Division of Indian Rly. might bring change. 
0 0 Respected Modiji,GM of S.E.Rly. visited New Administrative Building at GRC/Kolkata-43 on 28/01/2016, which bring a massive change in the name of CLEANLINESS in each floor and in different Sections and somehow reach near to the Mission of "SWACHH BHARAT PROGRAM". However, if this type monthly physical Check thoroughly MAINTAIN in each Department including all Sections not only in Head Office,Divisional offices but also to as many as Rly.Stations under the control of each Division of Indian Rly. 
0 0 Dear PM it is good concept but not practical. I suggest that to clean India you need to impose laws and fines nobody use helmet for safety but to prevent themself from chalan. These elected member should also feel responsible for there wards and action should be taken for not performing there duty as a soldier is held responsible at the borders. Change is needeed from top to bottom but in India Reverse happen and the the story of developing nation goes on..... 
0 1 3D Printer तकनीक इस तकनीक का प्रयोग करके हम 2020 तक ही सभी के लिए मकान बना सकते हैं. ज्यादा जगह की भी जरूरत नहीं पड़ेगी 
2 0 Dear PM, Cleaning statues in a day or week doesnot give good result.In our country there are many person still not having proper work or goal. Please appoint them permanently with salary and their only duty is maintaining a statue or few roads regularly. So that statues and roads may be clean permanently. One day campaign of cleaning roads never help us. Every government building must have permanent cleaners not in few numbers and it may eradicate unemployment, unclean roads etc., JAI HIND 
0 0 एक मूर्ति जिस गांव, मोहल्ले में स्थित है, वहां के लोगों, पार्षद को एक टीम बनाकर उन्हें इसकी सफाई की जिम्मेदारी देनी चाहिए। इसी टीम पर संबंधित हीरो के जन्मदिन, निर्वाण दिवस, जीवनी, योगदान के प्रचार प्रसार की जिम्मेदारी दी जाए। अच्छा काम करने वाले लोगों को मोदी जी सम्मानित करें। 
0 0 sir recently i read a news that kalicut dm gives biriyani party to those who helps in cleaning the lack as same bjp must start a campaign that in each city who will give most in cleaning statue will get party from any officer or from mla etc. 
2 0 clean statue is a great idea of our government.On special occasions these statues are cleaned and our leaders offer flowers and garlands.  This is the duty of leaders and citizens to keep clean.At the time of unveiling statues , a proper cleaning strategy should be made.Only clean statue will give respect to them.These statue are our heritage. Our clean statue will give good message to the foreigners .This will strengenthen our tourism industry. 
2 0 Cleanliness is very important as it results in hygiene and disease free society. Like Singapore, India should also penalize people for making public places dirty. It is every citizen's duty to maintain cleanliness in public places. Public places should have garbage baskets every where in the city. I pledge to put garbage in the baskets and not throw away at any place. 
0 0 The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra  Modi has given the call to his campatriots for reacquinting themselves with their National Heroes. The call has come not a day earlier than required, especially for our youngesters. Rather,  very many youngesters have no knowledge, or, if  at all have only periphiral knowledge of the lives and sacrifices of known heroes of our freedom struggle,  what to talk of those who vanished at the altar of Motherland,  unsung. THE YOUNGESTERS HAVE TO GET ACQUAINTED. 
1 0 Dear PM sir, One side your good self doing effort to make/ create  good relation with  foreign countries for "Make in India" concept  other side some corrupt office  harassing  MNC ( who is  participating in  Make in India)  in the Name of " Make in Him self" by demanding  bribes other wise issue unfair order in the  name of  Arms length price. even on  Small  small transaction.Which  gives  bad impression of INDIA in front of Foreigner Investors. Please look into this....... 
0 0 Sir, Cleanliness should come from inside. More lessons and practicals on cleanliness and keeping our atmosphere clean to be introduced starting from LKG-UKG classes till 4th or 5th standard in schools.Students are to be induced to clean in their villages/towns through recognition programme through panchayats etc. parents also  learn keeping clean.More stories on our military personnel who died protecting  our country from enemies/terrorists induce them to be patriotic / respect our nation first. 
1 0 astha aur vikas do no chahiye bhai sirf vikas bina aastha ke to vinash layega 
0 0 filmi duniya pe itane fida hai aap bahu betiyo ko bhi nilam karana chahte hai kya? sunny leone ko bhi bharat ratna de dijiye. dil hi tod diya reeeeeeeeeeeeee aapne to. 
0 0 Modi ji people have very strong feeling (pro or anti) for these leaders, whose statues are to be cleaned. Feeling of hate towards these leaders, who have divided us into religion, caste, etc, is more widespread. So this campaign wont survive for long. But there is unanimous respect for all soldiers who are martyred in war. Please initiate national campaign for installation of statues of all soldiers of armed forces, right from 1857 war, at places of their birth and for their proper upkeep. 
0 0 Jai hind Mr.PM sir, I want to tell you a lot of problems, all not my own but related to our people,but if it will be my luck then only my problem reach to you orherwise it will lost anywhere. 
0 0 माननीय PM sir. ग्राम खैजरा इज्जत,तहसील खुरई,जिला सागर(म.प्र.) मे बालिका शिक्षा के प्रति जन जागृती लाने हेतु इस दूरस्थ गांव की लडकी पल्लवी दांगी ने जगहसाई की परवाह ना करते हुये ..गणतंत्र दिवस पर अपनी स्कूल मे मलाला के संघर्ष पर नाटक प्रस्तुत किया...यदि इसे प्रोत्साहित करें तो बडी क्रपा होगी 