1 0 utilising population senses department along with Andhra issuers and collect one application from each household. it already have one let them have one more. moving with door step service will generate more numbers. this will complete customer point verification also.
1 0 Sir, this scheme is very helpful to our Gov. to control corruption. so all subsidy going through this this accout but ensure that all account should linked with ADHAR No..
2 0 Sir,Your idea of giving a bank account to every individual is a great initiative. so my idea is to connect government with people by netbanking facility of banks. All government facilities / taxes etc. can be accessed / processed thru a banks netbanking portal. People will always go to this portal as this is where their money is & will be easily connected to government policies & Activities. All banks infrastructure can also be used & security is not a concern. Hope to be part of your team.
1 0 Respected Sir/Madam, Please make it more convenient so that more people can give their valuable feedback or suggestions. As i am using this site very first time, I am sorry to say that but a less educated, non-tech man cannot access and use this easily. It would be great if you can provide us email id's and we can send our suggestions/feedback on that email. Concern authority can post suggestions here after checking the content. (like facebook)
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
मैं आपके समक्ष कुछ महत्वपूर्ण मुद्दे और उनके सुझाव रखना चाहता हूँ !
हमारे देश के अंदर बहुत काला धन है जो कि लगातार बढ़ता जा रहा है! लोग बेंकिंग सिस्टम का इस्तेमाल नही करना चाहते क्यूँकि ऐसा करने से उनकी काली कमाई सरकार की नज़र में आ जाएगी ओर उन्हे टेक्स देना पड़ेगा ! टेक्स बचाने के लिए ज़मीन-जायदाद की कीमत कम करके दिखाई जाती है और बहुत से काम बिना पक्के बिलों के किए जाते हैं. जिसके पीछे मंशा सॉफ होती है, कर चोरी करना !
1 0 मुद्दा : देश की आंतरिक सुरक्षा का मुद्दा !
देश में कुछ लोग सुरक्षा के लिए ख़तरा होते हैं, पर हमारी सुरक्षा अज़ेंसीयाँ के हाथ उन तक सही समय रहते नही पहुँच पाते! इसके लिए हमें अमेरिका की तर्ज़ पर पेट्रीयट लॉ जैसा एक क़ानून बनाना चाहिए जिससे क़ि देश की सुरक्षा को ख़तरा हने की सूरत में सन्दिग्ध को कम से कम ५ साल की सज़ा का प्रावधान हो क्योंकि देश की सुरक्षा से बढ़कर कुछ भी नही हो सकता!
0 0 Initiative required to Invest in PF account for certain lock in period in this system my opinion is that government and public both in win win situation.
2 0 gramin bank ko jada consumer friendly hona chahiye because its behavior is very poor
0 0 LPG gas cylinder seal in not tamper proof. Needs redesigning to stop gas theft. Will authorities look into this matter.Every cylinder comes in open seal,the weighing scale is not that accurate to detect the theft. It should be made so foolproof that the seal should be opened by smashing or completely tearing off, and should not be able to put it back. Please think on it. Make authorities responsible. Monitor the supply vehicles. Have a customer complaint no visible on the cylinder.
0 0 I read about the saving's scheme with the "India Post" and wanted to invest a small amount with it. I went on their site and was trying to find an option to invest now which unfortunately I couldn't. I think it will be a good idea to open up to the public to invest in India Post Saving's scheme online itself. Please share your thoughts!
1 0 make successfully jan dhan when bank reeach to every lost label citizens
0 0 hello sir ji Best Account Opening in PM Jan-Dhan yojana
Account Open In 3 Month But Not Reced in bank Pass book Bank Of Barodra in Bhiwandi Branch Thane Maharastra Please Help & do Needful
1 0 Every transaction (even for 1 rupee toffee) must be through mobile-money-transfer/on-line/ debit card/ credit card/ smart card. Advantages are-
1. no need to CARRY cash
2. zero cost to PRINT money
3. no FAKE money
4. no BLACK money generation
5. more TAX collection
6. no BRIBERY
7. more money in BANK ACCOUNT
8. no SOILED note
9. no problem for CHANGE
10. one SMART CARD for all bus/auto/taxi/train/metro ride. No chance of DADAGIRI by auto/taxi driver
11. ALL WILL BE INCLUDED IN GROWTH
0 0 PMJDY will be more effective if at least one mini/micro bank branch is opened in every Gram Panchayat (GP) for rural people so that they can do their transaction in their village it self. They hesitate to go city for small the transaction like depositing/withdrawing money, they also waste whole the day for that. By opening bank branch in GP level will increase job oppertunity and financial business of the bank as well.
0 0 In PM Jan-Dhan yojana some problem faced by public as: 1. Bank staff not co-operate. 2. Public face to & fare with interact bank. 3. open max bank kiosk in village with surety of public money so job and facility created in villages. 4. Open a counter as Ward wise in city or villages so max job open for unemploye person.
0 0 pmjdy is good policy but some villagers has interested because not direct benefit to villagers so pmjdy a/c connect other other cash benefit policy
0 0 Sir. I would like to draw your attention towards poor migrant workers in cities. These people live in very basic housing with no or little access to kitchens. Therefore the subsidized cooking gas has very little value for them. Instead if they can get access to cheap, healthy cooked food 3 times in a day, they will benefit more. My suggestion is to give people an option of cooked food subsidy in exchange of gas subsidy, which could be used at registered food outlets in cities through RuPay Card.
0 0 Already many people have opened their account. To make it popular their must be an commission based agent service for opening of a/c & transaction. Please provide health insurance for Rs 100 pm for those who desire without any income certificate. Public distribution scheme money should be made available through bank a/c.
0 0 Sir, for making JAN DHAN Yojana more successful , we required physical setup of Bank Kiosk in almost all villages. because in villages mostly women saved the money , but she hesitate to go to Bank kiosk for depositing money , because most kiosk are covering almost two three villages. village women are reluctant to go that far due to various reason. hence i request to open bank kiosk at each and every villages of our India , then only women will come forward to deposit their hard earn money.
0 0 In remote areas instead asking people to come all way to bank leaving their daily wage works,Sent bank Saathis to the families.This can be done by leasing it out to NGO's or Self Help Group.This will ensure full coverage Bharat in PMJDY
0 0 Respected PM
My cook is facing a lot of problems in educating her children, when she went to open an account under the new scheme PRADHAN MANTRI JAN DHAN YOJANA, she had to face a lot of difficulty.
I request you to make this yojana popular and citizen friendly !
She has not opened her account yet.
0 0 I am a 60yrs old person and have a saving acount. I am not working and unable to complete minimum balance 1000/- in my account regulartly. I went to corlporation bank and give the application to convert my saving account into JAN DHAN YOJNA, but the Bank official refused me and tell me to close the saving account and open new account in JAN DHAN YOJNA. I HAVE ;ONLY ONE ACCOUNT and the Bank did not applying the new govt. pollicies
0 0 when i went to bank of india saswad pune mahararashtra branch, the asstt manager & manager hesitated to open my account under Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana. they are discouraging the common men to open the account i dont knoe
w why?
0 0 sir!
use and  link  the jan-dhan account ,bank account  or  post-office account for all railway reservation (tatkal and   normal) id proof for save  the paper,power an environment.and   make a column for id no on reservation chart.
0 0 sir please make this yojana a world class yojana by using these ideas
thanks
0 0 that call centres will work on 24X7 basis with no holiday (15 august and 2 october only) and employ more and more youth to work in this call centre and this call centre also send sms to the customers on daily and hourly basis to open new accounts more and more quickly and this if possible this call centre will report to PMO on daily basis so that sir you may know how many accounts will open today
0 0 make a new call centres only for this yojana which 100% listen the problems of customers and  solve their problems who open accounts under this yojana and promote more and more customers to take their relatives, brothers, sisters, father, mother and all family members to open more and more accounts and reach them a height of 50 to 70 crores accounts in all over india and this step should be take by the PMO immediately means today onwards from this moment sir so that india will grow
0 0 aware more and more people, alert them that how Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana is beneficient for them if they open an account on banks under this yojana and give them more facilities
a  recruit more and more bank employees who visit customers on daily basis like private banks do
b give more and more very very very low interest rate loans to the customers who opened bank accounts under this yojana
c loans including education loans, business loans, personal loans, accidental loans also
0 0 most respected pm sir
please make this Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana a world famous yogana by increase number of accounts from 11 crore to 50 crores in all over india so that every indian rich or poor  can attach with the government banks with
a give more and more adds in tvs, radios, newspapers (in front page on daily basis)
b  aware people with public awareness camps by using youth power on daily basis, road shows on daily basis
c send more and more sms by govt to more people
1 0 A simple announcement that those who had not having Bank Account under Jan Dhan Yojna will be deprived of commodities available under 'Ration Card'. In rural area the commodity like kerosene, sugar etc are considered as vital. Hence, every one will rush for opening of the account.
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी मेरा वल एक ही सुझाव एवं शिकायत है की सभी सब्सिडी की राशी केवल आम आदमी की ही क्यूँ खाते में जा रही है इस सुविधा का लाभ सभी मंत्रियों को भी मिले और वो जितनी भी सुख सुविधाओं का लाभ लें वे पूरा बिल भुगतान करे और हमारी सरकार बाद में उसका भुगतान उनके खाते में करे और भुगतान की गयी राशी सार्वजनिक करें।
चाहे वे खर्चे संसद के भीतर हो या बहार।
0 0 The government can manage to access the hiuseholds through various data realization like making a nation wide data exchange and providing of all the data related to a particular individual and accessing its live feed from the server cause the data will hold all if its credit cards accountt name passport number driving license mobile no if registered with different brands or public services sthen it would be easy for the government to pin point almost all of the movement made by individual.
1 0 This kind of branding 'Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana' reflects conscious attempt to carry the legacy of colonial imperialism. Pl. do the right branding for all such programs that reflects an equitable, self serviced and hierarchy free society. Why use word Hon'ble for Ministers and so called colonial ruling classes even today in India; if you are so fanatic for such words then use for every Indian...Every Indian is valuable for India.
0 0 This kind of branding  'Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana' reflects conscious attempt to carry the legacy of colonial imperialism. Pl. do the right branding od all such programs that reflects an equitable, self serviced and hierarchy free society. Why use word Hon'ble for Ministers and so called colonial ruling classes even today in India; if you are so fanatic for such words then use for every Indian...
1 0 Sir its my request for exploring the possibility of connecting the "Jhan Dhan Yojana" with Mobile Money and allowing people to maintain "Mobile Balance of Money" and letting them use it for even small transaction (payment at pan shop, Kirana Shop etc). This will help minimize the Cash Handling of People and in the Long Run will help in reducing volume of Black Money. To avoid Money Laundering a upper monetary limit on per day and per month transaction must be set.
0 0 sir please arrange LIC and personal accident premium  ecs on jan dhan account on active customer in jan dhan accont customer.
1 0 I think, that for the jandhan Yojna to be successful, we need a single document. I feel today, our PAN Card and our AADHAR can be combined in a unique format.
1 0 conduct full scale financial literacy survey to determine the level of financial literacy required and then conduct financial literacy missions through schools,banks,BCs,financial literacy correspondents,etc.this would spur demand for financial services.Demand creation helps in achieving the objectives than pushing supply especially for non tangible services like banking and financial services.educate the beneficiaries about why bank account to receive benefits under DBT.
1 0 Sir ,
We have many more bench mark but problem is there is nothing for implementation...i.e. every body talk about High Bench Mark no body seems serious about action for sustainable delivery with ZEROING on responsibility/ answer-ability & punishment for  non/faulty delivery in time.
So pl. ,to start with -concern dept. /agencies first deliver some thing more sustainably- such as keeping   -maintaining the Garbage Bins & Toilets in all public places from roads to play grounds .
0 0 Can we link PF Claim with Bank Account via Aadhaar Number? So Withdraw of PF amount will go to direct bank account of Employee.....
0 0 mai pnb se bc hun kya 1.25 lakh rs milega bc ko
0 0 The working of Jan Dhan Yojana has been great, I have envisaged a Community project called Swasthya Dhan. I am targetting Corporates to take this as a CSR activity where they take on health insurance for the needy (not their employees). They can take on insuring or subsidising insurance for the support staff of their employees like Domestic helps, Security guards, Drivers etc. These are people who depend entirely on govt hospitals and face issues for critical illness. Please suggest ideas.
0 0 jan dhan yojna is a great thought for people upliftment specially for lower classes
i offer my services if called as i remained a banker for 37 years and i know the problems of rural poor
0 0 Account Holder earlier to the launch of the Jan-dhan Yojna are also to be considered as eligible for PMJDY benefits except Zero Balance facility as they/we also having account earlier than the launch of PMJDY.
This way, all citizens of the nation may have insurance coverage for having accounts for years & saving their hard earned money in the nationalized banks.
0 0 Sir, 
I used to view your earlier version wherein PDF file down loading was not available. Hence, I then send all my suggestion vide post letter. The following attachment is also send through registered post. I may now on continue this system. Hence, I am attaching all those letters. Financial inclusion cannot be single thing. Governance is multitude of facts. I have suggested advancement of post office. I have suggested converting one counter of the post office as core banking for all banks
0 0 so far in our Ongole town there is no Treatment plant either WTP/STP for this Govt. should take immediate action to cross check the quality of drinking water & sanitory accroding to WHO norms and propose Treatment plants immediately and save Public Health.
0 0 Kind Attn..Honarable PM,
 Dear sir,
     I belongs to Andhra pradesh located at Ongole town, Here entire public is drinking with Untreated water and the same is contaminated with drainage where pipe lines have got leaks. Here i am requesting sir, Pure Drinking Water is every Indian citizen Right, For this, State & Central Govt.should take initiative to propose Treatment plants for Water & Waste Water to improve the Quality of Drinking water & sanitory needs as per WHO norms.
0 0 Post offices could be used Business Correspondent for depositing and withdrawing money, updating the passbook for the transactions with banks. Post office can enter into tie-up with multiple banks and act as a intermediary. This would facilitate financial inclusion.
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana  would prevent leakages of Government resources and bring efficiency and make optimum use of banking system. This would also bring financial literacy in the Country and make financial inclusions a success. This would also minimise the Government resources needed in welfare measures and the same can be deployed elsewhere efficiently.
0 0 Currently kerosene, food grains are distributed through PDS resulting in lot of pilferage. Middle men and government officials swindling the money meant of poor. PDS system should be scrapped and equivalent money should be credited to the Bank account of end poor family using ADHAR database like in the case of LPG cylinder. This would force automatically force remaining population to open ADHAR cards. Some timetable should be fixed to implement. This would prevent leakages and bring efficiency.
1 0 1. Reach of Post office be exploited for account opening.
2. Covert all/ rural Post office to "Semi/ Micro Bank'
3. all post office account to create a 'Linked' Saving Bank account
0 0 I have feedback from people that bank employees have got the forms filled, but have not opened the accounts. They plan to shred the forms after some time. Overload and lack of motivation
0 0 Pl ask two Bank employees to sit down with each Aadhaar Card Centre. His job is to open accounts. Else tell Aadhaar employees to open accounts.
1 0 Need to disseminate information about Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana big time in vernacular channels. Most people of the lower strata of the society are not aware of the benefits it brings in Karnataka, TN and kerala
0 0 we need to focus on repetative adverisement and huge campain in rural area to reach milestone for maximum accounts in bank..
0 0 Sir, Pensioners are undergoing mandatory transfer of Pensions into their Bank accounts by State Governments but if any pensioner is educated why his/her account is open up with Thumb impression, i doubt this giving little room for frauds by Pension Authority and Bank staff. Please change this practice immediately
1 0 THE GOVT MAY GET ACTION TO EVERY AADHAAR NUMBER SHOULD HAVE A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT. IT WILL HELP TO THE GOVT TO FIND OUT THEM FOR GOVT'S SUBSIDY AND OTHER MANY SCHEMES.
0 0 zero बैलेंस खाता खोलने हेतु सभी SDM & DM कार्यालय में फॉर्म लेने हेतु व्यवस्था की जाए | बैंको के फॉर्म का formate भी एक जैसा हो और उसमे आप्शन दिया जावे की आप जिस बैंक में अकाउंट खुलवाना चाहते हो उसका चयन वरीयता से कर सके | बाद में एकत्रित सभी फ्रोमो को प्रसाशन के माध्यम banks में भेजा जावे ताकि बैंक zero balance खाता खोलने से मना नही कर सके |इस प्रकार अनपड़ व्यक्ति भी अपना खाता खुलवाकर उसमे subsidy प्राप्त कर सकेगा |
0 0 महोदय , प्रधानमंत्री जन-धन योजना और अधिक बेहतर हो सकती है यदि बैंको को Zeo Balance खाता खोलने के टारगेट दिए जाए | यदि सभी भारतियों के खाता खुल जाए तो तमाम subsidy को public के  अकाउंट में सीधे ट्रांसफर हो जाने से कालाबाजारी खत्म हो सकेगी |  इसके लिए जिस प्रकार गैस की subsidy की राशी सीधे अकाउंट में जा रही है उसी प्रकार से अन्य subsidy(गेहूं ,चावल,केरोसिन..) को भी सीधे शीघ्र अकाउंट transfer करने से भ्रष्टाचार पर लगाम लग सकेगी |
1 0 Banks may open accounts for high school students under this program.
2 0 DEAR PM,Sir I have one idea about to connect all post office account to PMJDY so all over every class the benefit of various scheme of central and states gov.
0 0 I am From West Bengal we have experienced a large number of people not in touch with any kind of development due to misruled of state govt.So PMJDY IS A huge opportunity for the poor people, but most of the villagers are out of this present development as no such infrastructure.so if the Bank or group of people can reached to them with the benefits surely they will get advantage.its like a door to door campaign...we have so much energetic people who can do it AS MYINDIA CAMPAIGN.8436951500
0 0 dear modiji please reduce the data charges, so every indian get benefit of it, make free wifi or reduce the data charges
0 0 First I want to thank you for starting Jan-Dhan Yojna. By this we can encourage the peoples to do cashless transactions because now are almost each and every bank give facility of Debit card and Internet Banking for each account. So by cashless transaction we can avoid black money to be stored.
0 0 Dear PM SIR MUJHE LGTA HAI AGAR HM INDIA ME PSU BANKS KO KAM KARE AUR ISE 4,5 TAK RAKHE TO SAYAD YE GAME CHANGER SABIT HO SKTA HAI . KYUKI MAI YE DEKHTA HU KI EK PERSON 10 AC ALAG ALAG BANKS ME RAKHA HAI AUR APNA PAISA EDHAR SE UDHAR KRKE BLACK MONEY KO WHITE MONEY ME TRANSFER KRTA HAI. AGAR HAM ADHAR NO. KO A/C KE SATH MENDETORY LINK KRE AUR EK CUSTOMER EK A/C PAR RESTRICT KRE TO KITNA ACHHA HOGA. SIR ESKE FAYDE BAHUT HONGE.FOOTFALL KM HONGE AUR SERVICE ME SUDHAR AND TAX CHORI BHI RUK JAYEGI.
0 0 increase the turnover limit of a/c to 100000. it will help people to get their monthly salary by cheque. it will prevent black money circulation, increase banking habit in poor people, and will help them to use overdraft moneif necessary.
0 0 Making RuPay card as the default debit card for new accounts. Now a days RuPay card has been adopted in most of the places and by this bank and it's customers will save arund 30-40% of transaction fee which is charged by VISA or MASTER. Since RuPay is a home grown system, we have to encourage and promote customers to go for RuPay card.
The first step has to be taken by the bank where they have to issue the RuPay card as default debit card instead of VISA or MASTER during new account creation.
0 0 I would like to suggest that SBI, having largest number of branches nation wide, can be given the charge of AADHAR issuance, which will add to its government business each year.
Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas.
0 0 Besides It will also save the resouces setup like computers, internet connectivity etc. seperately at DC office to issue AADHAR, as these resourses are already present at banks. This will be optimum utilization of resources.
It will be a once for all solution to coming generations to get AADHAR card.
0 0 I would like to suggest that as banks are the nearest place for common people to visit, WHY NOT BANKS BE GIVEN THE AUTHORITY TO ISSSUE AADHAR CARD ?
and for this purpose banks can be given commission for each AADHAR card issuance, like issuing of PENSION is already with banks.
Also in the coming future bank accounts will be BIOMETRIC AND EYE SCANNER Linked so it will be time saving then.
0 0 Sir, I highly respect the views of our PM Sh. Narendra Modi and the idea of PMJDY Jan Dhan Yojna is having a great futuristic appraoch to benefit the poor.
I would like to add few suggestions to PMJDY :-
Presently, It is a hectic process for common man to first apply for AADHAR at DC office in tehsil, then to collect AADHAR, then again prove his identity to go to submit it in bank for opening of account as a part of various KYC procedures.
0 0 Why there is no group or place about taking care of senior citizen?
They face a lot of challenges in Banks and at other offices and institutions.
Please do something about that.
0 0 We may link Deposit Mobilization with internal finance by way of attractive schemes.A customer can lock a fixed sum (or its multiples)in his SB/current account with a bank for a period of 3 months/6 months/1 year  so that he/she become eligible for coupons for a lucky draw.The coupons may be of the category-Diamond /Platinum/ Gold depends on the amount and lock in period.Winners will be rewarded.Customer is free to close the lock in,provided,he/she has to return the coupons.
8 3 Sub:- There is No Need To open bank accounts In Banks to avail the benefit of Cash Subsidy Under Various Govt. Scheme which is linked with AADHAAR CARD.
For The person at present not having Bank Account should be opened AADHAR Yojena Bank Account By AADHAR Banking Plate form.
1. For this UIDAI governing agency should launch their Own separate Banking Plate Form for those who have not any bank account.
0 0 PART-5-adbhut prayog karke hamlog desh ki arthvayvastha ko bhi madad  pahuchayege !
                                atah mahoday se namra nivedan vinamra aagrah hai ki hamlogo ka margdarshan kare aur ham sab  ko bharat mata ki aur BAPU jee ke icchaon ka seva karne ka  sresth awshar pradan kare
                                          aapka vishwassi
                                       mukesh kumar&friends
                                        contect---9263472394
1 0 PART-5--
                    PRADHANMANTRI MAHODAY jee ham sabko iss kuda chakra se bachna hoga tatha iss chakra ko todkar hi ham sab vastawik swacchta prapat kar sakte hai aur BAPU jee ki 150 wi varshgath 2oct 2019 me dhum-dham se mana payenge !
                 PM mahoday jee ham sab dosto ne milkar iss kude ka sampoorn nidan dhund nikala hai jisje dwara ham na kewal iss kude chakra se desh ko bacha sakte hai (ya u kahe ki kuda mukt bharat ho payega)balki iss kude ka behtarin aur ....next.....
1 0 PART-4-mahoday hame lagta hai GANDHI jee ka swachh aur swasth bharat ka sapna tatha aapka swacch bharat  abhiyaan hai ! jiska mul uddeshye bharat ko swacch aur swasth banana hai na ki KUDE ka sthanantaran kar desh me samaj me ek kuda chakra chalana hai jiske dwara kuda ek sthan se dushre sthan par nirantar sthanantarit hota rahe !N
  NEXT................
0 0 PART-3-aatma ko tripat kar diya aur ye baate ham sab ke man me bas gaya !ham sab bhi anya bhartya putra ki tarah bharat mata  se saneh aur prem rakhte hai,tatha inko sresth banane me apna yogdaan dena chahte hai ! aapki hi bhanti mahatm gandhi jee bhi bharat mata ko swacch karna chahte the aur ham log bhi karna chahte hai !
                               P M mahoday jee mai badi vinamrata aur
samman ke sath aapka dhyan -aakarshan saffai abhiyaan ke dusre pahlu par le jana chahta hu,....next.....
1 0 PART-2-PRADHANMANTRI JEE mai aapko lagbhag pichle 2 varsho se follow kar raha hu,aapke thoughts aapke stratighty aapke policy aapke life style in sabko hamlogo ne dhyanpurvak janne aur samajhne ki kosis ki aur aapko jitna bhi jana utna hi humlogo ko sikhne ko mila aur ham sab aapke murid ho gaye!
wo 15th AUGka etihasik bhashan jisme swachh bharat abhiyaan ki ghoshna ki tatha aapne MAKE IN INDIA ,0 effect& 0 deffect ki pollicy ko paribhasit kiya ! in sabhi cheezo ne ham sabhi dosto ke -next....
0 0 seva me,
mere param sammaniya PM mahoday-namaskar
SUB-swach bharat abhiyaan
PART-1-aise to iss sher ko kai baar aur kai mancho par suna tha par jaisa ki ye sher khud kahta hai usi prakar iss sher  ko sakar hote dekhne ki ummid me hum sab dost jawan ho gaye!
             hazzro saal nargis apni benuri par roti hai,
        badi muskilse hota hai chaman me didawar paida!
aaj hum sab garv se kah sakte ki bharat mata ko apna ek didawar suputr aapke rup me mila hai ! next part 2
1 0 Most of citizens of India have ration  Cards. We can link that with this scheme.
1 0 Greetings to all, JDY is very good and healthy thought of our Prime Minister. On ground level it is not really helping to enhance reach of banking industry. As per govt announcement, A JDY account will get lots of benefit from govt. Which has not cleared that who will get benefit and how will they ?. Now situation has reach at their extreme and more then 50 % accounts are being opened by those who all are already using Banking. In clear words, Financial inclusion has not got success in true ma
1 0 Sir, 1.JDY a/c should be tagged with Aadhar 2.All DBT schemes should operate via this a/c 3.The debit card provided along with the a/c should be accessible through rural bank branches & post-offices, where banks are not there - hence need to synchronise rural a/c's & postal savings. 4.The a/c can be synchronised to mobile phones to track payment. 5.Students should be provided one with their student loan a/c, 6.The card can act as a health card in rural areas 7.Have sensitisation camps / helpline
0 0 Aadhar issuance is very limited in tamilnadu. Hence i would recommend that interim authentication be done using electoral rolls for an year and push local government to improve aadhar issuance.
0 0 I am i a village when i about PMJDY to the people they ready to open a account but they have fear about bank proceeder and employees of bank. My idea is the bank should conduct a camp in each village to open account in pre announced date at least three times.
0 0 सर पहले भी कंपनियां कानुन का हवला देकर मात्र ७८०/ रुपये पी एफ  जमा कराते थे । अभी अक्टूबर जब नया संशोधन किया तब पुरा पी एफ मिलना शुरू हुआ है । कई अशासकीय कर्मचारी इससे लाभान्वित हुए एंव आपके निर्णय का स्वागत हुआ था , कि आपने सर्वहारा वर्ग का ध्यान रखा । कृपया पुन: विचार करें ।
0 0 the local banks should conduct a survey whether the families of the locality have a bank account or not. if no, then the banks can open the accounts of the family in their branches. each bank should be assigned an area. for example, SBI should be assigned bandra of mumbai, Bank of Baroda should be assigned Andheri etc. this will also increase the customers of the banks. JAI HIND!!!!!
0 0 Mr. Modi ,
PF par aap galat rah par jaa rage hai. 12% se 10% its not correct. You are going with business lobby which is not good. मोदी जी कंपनियां आपकी पाँलिसी का गलत इस्तेमाल कर कर्मचारी पर अत्याचार करती है । आपको यथास्थिती रखनी चाहिए ।यह निवेदन है ।
1 0 to improve PMJDY ,introduce ATM's in villages. At least one ATM in each village for easy money access and every one interest to save their money in account.Finger print access should be done for each ATM for uneducated people
0 0 PMJDY has been well received by our citizens and  all the banks are also working hard to reach to each and every household . On having a look at the ground reality, however, the initiative by the Banks are not fully capable to cover all households in their area of operation as such data- bank is not available .It is also pertinent to be noted that there are certain misgivings on the coverage clause or parameters who are actually eligible to get coverage of PMDJY?Per family one person/each member
1 0 please instruct all the MLA/MP to focus on take this scheme to ground level so that our poor people in the ground level get both financial security to their family.its going to eradicate financial un touchability. please instruct bank teams to help these people who are not know bank and facility since 67 years of our Independence.please instruct all the officials to release the benefits n schemes amounts these bank accounts. so that middlemen system n money lenders system eradicated from society
2 0 Ensure that all people using ration cards have a bank account.
2 0 congratulation for eradicating financial untouchbility through PMJDY n if we encourage to purchases made through rupeecard we are going to get tax amount to our govt and its also reduces paper cash. so much of black money earns from sales n not paying tax to the govt by not giving receipts to purchases. from rupee card we can control blackmoney as well as increase govt income n from that more development. am from AP n some banks are not supporting as of today saying insufficient apps and staff
0 0 sir, main pmjy me khta khulwane gai thi to unhone kha ki ward ke hisab se khata kholte he jiske karan me wapas nhi ja pai mera khata nahi khul paya or is bare me jankari bhi nhi mil payi sir adhar card ke bdle voter ID card ko jruri krte. bhut se logo ka adhar card nahi he or bhut se ese he jo bhut hi grib he jinko is bare me jankari tak nahi he iske alwa bhut si ladies ko bhamasha card bnwane me bhi preshani uthani pad rahi he wo apna cast certificat kese banwaye jinki age 45.50 tak ho gai he.
2 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी की ये योजना वाकई में देश की तस्वीर बदल सकती है...बशर्ते सरकारी मशीनरी इसको आंकड़ों की तरह ना ले...क्योंकि आंकड़ों के लिए किया गया काम सिर्फ कोरम पूरा करने के लिए होता है...इसलिए सबसे पहले इस काम में लगे लोगों की जवाबदेही तय होनी चाहिए...
1 0 I learned from the biggest bank of our country,  any transaction with the bank is :
a) 100 % by physical trancaction,
b) through ATM 50% &
c) 25 % by Internet banking., to get a hard copy of the scheme could not fi
If the Bank increase their Business organiser more effective and  attractive the scheme will be cost effective and possible for the remote area. The Digital India to be implemented in  fast way.
,
0 0 Mobile counters(in van) can help speed up the process of opening bank accounts.Involve retd people/volunteers by paying some incentives to do door to door campaign & help spot opening of accounts
0 0 A simple but slightly costly method...Credit 1000/- to all the accounts opened between 1-01-15 and 26-01-2015. You will see the wonders. OR give a subsidised gas cylinder  extra to all the new account openers. I mean people respond instantly if some financial incentive is given.
0 0 We can group people in two main groups...1.Employed..2.Unemployed...For employed salary should be given by cheque or by crediting in to account. For unemployed, Panchayats/ Municipalities to be given target to check against house hold to house hold and through voter list. MLA,s MPs to check compliance.
0 0 Prepare all India database of PMJDY families(like voter id/Adhar card). Payment to beneficiaries of all govt. schemes including Food Security,  employment guarantee etc. should be in bank accounts only. In due course leverage mobile banking and if required and those who can't afford may be provided with one basic but banking capable mobile. Take advantage of all community and religious congregations for account opening melas. Run competitions. Panchayats to report daily progress till done.
0 0 CSC-Common Service Centre is Best way to open the more a/c of PMJDY. In a few months back some CSC has been mapped for BCA , Only few CSc are giving this service to the citizen,But in the Rural Area public don,t know what is this PMJDY .So It is my suggestion connect all CSC e-Governance to any Bnak,CSC are providing allready many e-Governnace Service.
0 0 Shortlist families not covered so far. Assign them to  members of Pachayats & municipalities, ASHA,health workers, VLWs, Lekhpal, PACS, Post offices,,PDS shops and officials of MGNREGS, mobiles, radio and TV. Application form and other requirements should be explained and completed. Teams of officials of banks, RRBs, cooperative banks and post offices should camp at all markets and hats with devices to takes photos and thumb impression
1 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana name is too long to remember, so make the savings bank account name as "Suraksha Bachat Bainka khata" or "Matruboomhi Bachat Bainka khata" or "Vajpyee Bachat Bainka khata"
0 0 Here is my suggestion for covering all Indian households under by 26th January 2015 under Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana to open one bank account per house hold. Advertise pension’s payment to bank account directly as per the social sector ministry pension scheme. Cycle amount for students. Gas subsidy. Information on someone who has got 1 lakh accident insurance during last three months record.
0 0 PMJDY bank account should have a seperate name with logo. The passbook should have unique color and pattern and respective bank name and logos. A new computer server can be  installed by all banks or some sharing to operate only these accounts
0 0 I have found people having bank account asking to open PMJDY account fondly calling it Modi account. Give a proper name called "Suraksha Bank account" that will dissuade existing bank account holders become greedy for Rs. 5000 OD facility. Prime Minister Modiji vision with one bank account lot of tracking can be done is great. Also Modji Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana has produced result by Sept2014, Rs. 3.0 crore zero bal bank A/cs were opened, with Rs1500 Crore deposited by our people Amazing
0 0 There are three stages in education for a child while growing into adult. Make compulsory birthcertificate code linked with 13 digit unique id code. Admission to kindergraden (2 yrs) Primary (5 yrs) High School (3 yr) should have Birth certificate code + unique id code and appropriate uniqe school codes. It will be interent banking beyond 2015 all over India. Compulsory bank account for 10 years and above linked to unique id will start the process of Banking system in the blood of children.
1 0 My point contain two points...e.g. 1)...account opening as well as 2)....operating of such a large number of accounts smoothly...
 DIGITAL INDIA PROGRAM ME IS  THE BEST SOLUTION...TAKING IN TO CONSIDERATION THE SITUATION OF FAR AREAS ....WHERE BANK FIND COSTLY TO RUN A BRANCH....A BPO CENTRE SUPPORTED BY GOVERNMENT SHOULD BE GRANTED TO THE EDUCATED YOUTH  WHO WILL LOOK AFTER ACCOUNTS OF HIS/ HER TERRITORY ALLOCATED TO HIM/HER....THIS WILL HELP SMOOTH OPERATING OF ACCOUNTS AND MINIMIZING COST..
1 0 This A/C is most useful to the People, but the banks not promoted to open this a/c more over they are not willing to accept the application form issued by the Govt. of India it is very simple & easy to fill up the general public.But SBT Vandanam Br.at alappuzha in Kerala hesitate this application form.to facilitates the a/c holder to get any financial  grant from the govt or department directly to this account ie PM National Relief Fund,CM Relief Fund,etc fund transfer by mobile thumb impression
0 0 Banks should use only bio metric identification while opening the accounts and while operating the ATM etc.
0 0 some of the bank are not giving proper response to PMJDY, is there any centralized number to inform to PMO about it. The bank is saying that our branch is not included in this yojna though it is nationalise bank
1 0 In our country, a few percentage of the employees are paid their salary through Bank. Why can't the Union Finance Ministry issue a notification to all employers to pay their salaries through Bank, specially at first those institutions are facilitated with EPF & ESI .
2 0 Restructure of post office is help the govt. to reach people in the rural as well  as urban areas.
0 0 PMJDY such a tremendous effort by Honorable PM Shri Narendra Modi ji to economic empowerment for better India. It also more convenient if PMDJY account open in Post Offices . We find a Bank in rural areas 5 to 10 k.m radius  but in 2 k.m radius we find a Post office. One person cannot open more than one account on Aadhar base so duplicate bank account cannot possible .Post office is more effective than bank because post office covers huge radius than any bank in India. Restructure of Post office
2 0 AM WORKING  AS  POSTAL  ASSISTANT AT ARANTHANGI POST OFFICE ( PIN -614616 ) UNDER PUDUKKOTTAI DIVISION / TRICHY  REGION -TAMIL NADU CIRCLE.
       I am living at Aranthangi.I am belonging to ST community. I am facing lot of problems in my day to day life. People are refused to give rental house to me.
My family members are suffering by lot of communal problems. My mother is a cancer patient. my presence is required to my family members for day to day life.
Last year I have met with an acciden
0 0 ________________________________________
To: pmgccrpg@gmail.com
Su
        HONOURABLE
                              THE ASSISTANT  DIRECTOR ( STAFF )
                              FOR CHIEF POSTMASTER GENERAL .,
                              T.N.CIRCLE.,
                              CHENNAI - 600 002
                          -----------------------------
    MOST RESPECTED SIR.,
                                                             Sub:- TRANSFER  REQUESTED
0 0 If we ensure education to every citizen, then automatically, people will do what is necessary to ensure financial stability for themselves and this will automatically mean financial inclusion; the other way around is not a viable solution.
0 0 Sir, This scheme should now be advertised to able people as a social service, asking people if they have enabled opening of at least one back account for the needy
0 0 my earnest request to the governing body of PMJDY to look after abou the DALAL bazi.
1 0 I gone through www.pmjdy.gov.in and i called 1800110001, as already i have an account in sbi, so to clarify whether i need to open new account or i can get benefit to the earlier account itself, finally i got to know that i need to get rupay debit card to get benefit to same account which i am having now, but home branch people not supportive, they saying they don't have any intimation regarding this, they said to open new account in only in this PMJDY.
0 0 yesterday I went United Bank of India Jadurhat branch west bengal for opening a bank account under PMJDY scheme for one of my relative.
but the deputy manager told us that he never hear about PMJDY.
thereafter I went to the Manager office and he told me to go the C.S.P of the bank who handles this task.
when I call him (Name Tutul Naskar) by phone he told us to give the necessary documents and Rs 50/-.
This 50/- Rs is as the charge of filling the form.
I hate the bank officials.
0 0 please reduce education loan interest rate. so other students make careers in furter studies. and for those interest amount money may help for the student for new opportunity.
0 0 why not remove education loan interest for those needy people to go for study .
0 0 Divide two wheeler into two sections. One speed limit 60 and no helmet compulsory and two wheeler's with 60 and above speed and helmet compulsory.
0 0 Why not remove the need of PUC for vehicles as most of the vehicles are now pollution free. PUC certificate is more of a corruption enabling paper that of any real use.
1 0 Libraries in Villages can be ideal place for opening Bank accounts, more than creating PMJDY the biggest task will be helping people to maintain the account properly.  70% our country lives in Village, digital illiteracy is around 80% . There should be collaborative groups from citizens to support 24X7X365 . In Kerala Kudambashree was successful among ladies and Akshya (CSC ) was doing good job in getting all govt services. Plz check test marketing results in www.olpv.org
0 0 Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana Ke Labh.
1/ Accidental Bima. (Rs. 1,00,000)
2/ Aarthik Unnati ke lia Rs. 5,000  ka Sahayta.
3/ Apne bhavisya ke lia Save Money. aur rastra ke Unnati.
4/ Apni unnati Desh ki Unnati me madad.
1 0 Who will open bank accounts of  handicapped , disabled , blind , patient , deaf and dumb , home less  & Aadivasees   residing at  distant & remote forest places . ( Need of the hour to establish   mobile bank branches  just like military operation caring , sheltering personal touch
for the neglected and  thirsty  ones ( out of reach ) Pick and choose  . Well ( bank ) will go there ( thirsty ).  Roshani  ko  andhera mitana he un ke pass jana he . They should be made aware of  admitted in ICU .
0 0 Pmjdy achcha mission hai har kisi ka a/c open ho jyega sbhi ko rupay debit card bhi mil rha h or uske sath 1 lakh ka accidential insurance b mil raha h lekin kisi ne ye socha jo log pdhe likhe nhi h wo debit card use kaise  krenge naa wo use hoga or naa hi insurance milega or koi bhi unko behka kar unke a/c se rupay or koi le jyega or debit card ka koi benefit nhi h un sbhi ke liye or hamare desh ke villages mein atm bhi bhut kam hote hain or jo hote hain wo kaam ni krte ya unme rupee  nhi hote
0 0 SIR PLEASE HELP ME TO JOIN IN YOUR TEAM BALAJI
98421 61411
0 0 MY THANKS LETTER TO P.M FOR ACCEPTING MY IDEA OF BANK A/C FOR ALL AND IMPLEMENTING IT IN THE NAME OF JAN DHAN YOJANA
0 0 MY THANKS LETTER TO P.M FOR ACCEPTING MY IDEA OF BANK A/C FOR ALL AND IMPLEMENTING IT IN THE NAME OF JAN DHAN YOJANA
0 0 MY COVERING LETTER  SENT TO SHRI. RAMANUJAM I.A.S.,
0 0 BANK A/C FOR ALL  AND TIPS TO  ERADICATE PAPER CURRENCY
0 0 ADVANTAGEOUS PAGE 2 / 3
0 0 HOW TO IMPLEMENT BANK A/C FOR ALL PAGE 3 / 3
0 0 MI VIEWS SENT TO RBI GOVERNOR SHRI.SUBARAO ON
17 / 09 / 2012 AND REPLY RECEIVED FROM HIS OFFICE ON
05 / OCT / 2012
0 0 PMJDY is excelent financial policy of poor and disadvantaged community in our Country. Hon'ble PM of India who innovate to transform the lives of people. We appreciate and thanks his excellent leadership policy for the sack of our country. We can pride for our country- India.
0 0 MI VIEWS SENT TO RBI GOVERNOR SHRI.RAGURAM ON
09 / 12 /2013 AND REPLY RECEIVED FROM HIS OFFICE ON
 24/ JAN / 2014
0 0 REPLY RECEIVED FROM YOUR OFFICE ON BANK A/C FOR As this was sent to the email id of SHRI.RAMANUJAM I.A.S., IN HIS ID OO.RAMANUJAM @GOV.IN   FROM MY ID balajidolicmdu@yahoo.com on 21 / 05 / 2014
0 0 SIR AS A CONCEPT FOUNDER AND PROPOGATOR OF "BANK A/C FOR ALL SINCE JAN 2010 AND THERE BY ERADICATING CURRENCY IN PAPER FORM "
PLEASE GIVE ME A CHANCE TO IMPLEMENT JAN DHAN  YOJANA EFFECTIVELY IN BHARATH AND ALSO TO ERADICATE CURRENCY IN PAPER FORM 
BALAJI MADURAI 09842161411
0 0 gramin banks should issue rupay cards ,why poor farmers were treated as second grade citizens through RRBs
0 0 involvements of students for opening a/c,,,,,,,,
0 0 Pl peruse and link our innovative idea if acceptable established through following link synchronizing education with the fiscal transaction https://www.linkedin.com/pub/hemant-shirbavikar/3a/b7b/a66
0 0 Business Facilitators are in disguise as to how the commission which was paid Rs. 48.00 Per Account is reduced to Rs. 16.00 without any prior notice. As a matter of National Interest the work is being continued by KIOSK operators. Through BCs 1. Fixed salaries with life / health insurance be provided 2. Bank should pay accrued commission directly to BCs recognized by it  helping liquidity at the earliest & 3. All applications for loan be strictly routed through KIOSK with necessary documents.
0 0 Still bank are not opening bank accounts and asking the requirements like. 1.Sign of old accounts holder.2. Min rs 1000 deposit.3.insurance policy.4.harrasment to bc or bank mitra by bank. 5.still big way to pass...... Very little change and lot we expect to change. Thank u modiji
1 0 - DEABD/E/2014/04626  this was my complaint on pgportal but it is very sad to  tell modiji that majority of the complaints are being closed by the admin unproperly.you can view the final comments of and star ratings given.
0 0 सर मेरा मानना है की प्रधानमंत्री जनधन योजना को NRLM या किसी ऐसे योजना के साथ जोड़ देना चाहिये जो जमीनी स्तर पर काम करती है /क्योंकि इस योजना की सबसे ज्यदा जरुरत उन लोगो को है जो अभी भी विकास से दूर हैं /NRLM जो  राज्यस्तर पर जीविका नाम से बिहार में चलाई जा रही है समाज के ऐसे ही पिछड़े वर्ग के साथ काम करती है जो आज भी विकास से दूर हैं,ऐसे में अगर जीविका या NRLM के स्टाफ को जिस क्षेत्र में वे काम कर रहे हैं उस क्षेत्र के लोगो को इस योजना से जुड़ने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करने को कहा जाये तो काफी फायदा होग
0 0 बैंक द्वारा एक आई डी  जारी की जाए जो फोटो और पता दोनों प्रमाणित करती हो । और साथ ही कुछ समय के लिए उसी आई डी  को प्रधान आई डी घोषित कर दिया जाए ।
0 0 Have convinced my 6 staff - drivers, etc, - to enrol for the Zero balance a/c with deposits. But your PSU Bank ALLAHABAD BANK followup with customer friendly explanation of benefits to these low income work leaves much to desired.These sarkari guys are over paid and under. trained and under employed. Instead shooting from hip on Hindi business, understand we need efficient govt staff to explain your ideas in the local languages.  Sloganeering and gimmickery will not take you far!
.
0 0 aisa dekha ja raha hai ki bank karamchari jan dhan me khata khulwane wale ko tal de rahe hai aur jaldi se 26 jan 2015 ka intjar kar rahe hai taki unko is kam se mukti mile.isliye app sare banko ko instruction de ki vo jan dhan walo ko importance de ignore na kare. iske alwa 26 jan 15 tak banko par pressure banaye ki jan dhan me khata khulwaye aur 26 jan tak agar ye kam pura na ho to 27 jan ko iski date 31 March tak bada dijiye
0 0 Sir, Your plan is very good but it can not be utilized by every one. Our Village Dewahi, District Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh have no bank. How people may get any benefit. We are ready to provide Land & construct bank building if any bank want to setup their branch. Our village nearby villages are faceing obstruction of river Belwan which have no bridge. People can reach any bank after covering 10 Km distance on foot. Already I send letter to your office but do not know any development.
0 0 those farmers who needs your support is mentioned here. you & only you can give justice to actual farmers.
0 0 JAN DHAN's success can be linked with ADHAR card registrations.  Some one should see how many ADHAR are issued and how many JANDHAN accounts are opened in same area.  This responsibility must be allotted to sitting MLA.
0 0 Govt has to make some mechanism so that MP/MLA  working must be ranked.  If some is not working he must be dropped from assembly.
0 0 1. MLAs/MPs should visit the villages in their constituency like they do during elections along with bank official and communicate the benefits. The poor, major target group of PMJDY, listen to their leader with lesser skeptical thoughts than bank employees. Process of opening bank account should be completed then and there.
2. PAN card also should be issued to non-holders. PAN database is credible and without duplication. Getting every citizen in PAN database will help further in UID project.
1 0 bank of baroda wants 200 for PJDY passbook.what should we do ?
0 0 for quality control to several companies of the state with quality contro of central body.
0 0 ration, education ,etc should progress with records of such lands in the Government department.
   This ensures structured progress.  As the wards increase so will such lands and their nos. This will give hold of administration in all subdistricts and so districts etc. All Government campaigns can  be run from such offices with communication and hierarchy of offices. Specs of such  buildings with different sizes fit for different sizes of villages can be finalised centrally  and can be tendered
0 0 The left out acquired land should be converted to Garden with boundary wall, so that it is not acquired by any forces of society and should act as as a chopal and society discussion place. This can be reduced in size with time as the acquired land comes up with the list above. For the campaign to be effective at the grass roots level there should be atleast one building in every voter ward/village. After establishing of this the protection, then governing body, communication, water, electricity,
0 0 The planning is to acquire big land in middle of village and give them a complex one by one in the order- police chowki, Pradhan office, BSNL repeater/towers / ration shop, water works office,  electricity department office,  School with evening classes for adults, computer lab cum café,  Bank, ATM,  and properly build commercial complex. The size and nos. of such premises will depend on the Population of the village but minimum sacrosanct one primises should be must in a village/ voting ward.
0 0 The families can have encouragement towards positive listed steps for their family development as benefits and can keep on going with government help like is done in exercise to build body, little by little. The remote villages should have access to Banks. for that the requirement is for the Government to give one basic building to every village from Government side so that at least the villagers will start believing that some development has happened from where government works.
0 0 The Government should open compulsory accounts for every family and give the help through these accounts only. The subsidy for gas can be given as varied depending on the income. BPL families can be given a regular help if their kids are regularly attending school, if adults are attending evening schools, if the family shows some collective progress of savings they get more benefits. Ensuring, money is actually being used for the benefits of family a list of benefits for BPL families.
1 0 U know,if some1 in the Govt RedTape hierarchy is not supportive of any of ur work,he wd twist the progress of clearance of files by citing clues how it can't be done.He is well supported by the existing crooks to tactfully twist the file, such that it will nvr b able to reach the intending official nor it wl b allowed2reachU.Even if it reachesU with ur consistent persuation it wl go in such a way that ur aimed objective wl b shaped2give disastrous result.Pl tk IIT&IIM help2mkGovernanceEffective
1 0 Major problem I found in my city (Bhubaneswar- Odisha) to get PMJDY account opening form and issuing debit card in branch. Branch employee reluctant to give opening a form. Like this there will be several problem may have with other people. 
My suggestion is to create independent authority (other than bank) to do people satisfactory survey, by asking question to local people. So that we can understand problem easily and can take steps to reform.
0 0 Pl Create a Branch under Finance Deptt&keep 1Minister in charge 2 see opening of PMJDYA/c4allby26jan&help all utilize it 2Enrich themselves by saving&start2Earning2Save.MP has completed the opening of PMJDYA/cs,so also any state can do that.Let each Govt pie aimed4 eachIndian b routed thru these A/cs,b it contractors'payment.ITsavvyPMcan evolve ways4it's success.Considering his intent to provide nourishment to his own brain child PMJDY,he can help the poorest of this country 2 start prospering.
0 0 Kindly Suggestion,
As PM Jan Dhan Yojana is in Process of increasing Account holder until January 2015, so they all need better services and access at Bank,
Suggestion:-
1.Increase amount of branches, ATM,
2.Change ATM card as Interect Tap Card at bank(http://www.rbcroyalbank.com/chipandflash/index.html)
3. encourage Customer of Using Debit Card every where so govt check black money transaction
4. Give them knowledge for Credit Score and help them to get Quick and Secure loan
1 0 1.link voter id with every account.
2.create a mechanism to identify which voter id no.has been used to cast votes.
3.give special benefits to vote ers.like more interest,more accidental insurance etc..
And if possible,4.make payment of some essential househould items compulsory with rupay card in public distribution system..4.ration card should be given only to bank account holders...
1 0 this is the very good initiative start by GOI to integrate lower & weaker section of the society with nation economy and make them feel to be a part of the nation sir please also make RUPAY CARD valid for pay desk gateway so that it is also useful for online payment.
0 0 In a country where basic education is missing,it is important to provide some basic education to all and than encourage them to join JAN DHAN.All mobile owners should have a bank account linked with ADAHAR.
0 0 The best way is to ensure that all service providers like  maid servants, security people,iron walls,coolies,laborers,small traders like vegetable and fruit vendors, carpenters, goldsmiths,  electricians,plumbers, tailors, cooks and caterers, employees attached to traders,unorganized segments,small contractors and unskilled workers attached to various shops and establishments are made to open accounts and this can be ensured by their respective employers and contact point persons.
0 0 Schemes like Laadli Lakshmi should be linked to Jan Dhan accounts where money directly deposited for first school admission, girl born, passing 10th class etc which will incentivise people to open accounts.
0 0 The best way to covers all the household under Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana is to train school children of that location to explain the benefit of the Yojana and to check their account no.after registration. This list must be checked with electoral roll of that location. Each child will cover minimum 10 households for this. It will be knowledge gain and entertaining task  for the school child.
0 0 it is the good step toward the economical independence for people,
next step interlink every one a/c to their ADHAR.for geting true e-india
0 0 No doubt its a very good yojna to reach unbanked people across the country but
1 its observed that people alrdy having bank a/c have opened another in the hope that PM will deposit money so clarification n awareness need to be created by finance ministry
2 If 5000 overdraft is given n it becomes NPA then Who will pay?
3 Extra burdon has been imposed on banks which they r following too but NO ONE is  bothered for least paid bank employees who gets very low salary as compared to othr gov departme
0 0 Few more suggections -
1. Remove annual ATM charges
2. Remove min. balance fees
3. Promote people to make payments by cheque rather than cash
4. Givings discounts on purchases if these people make payment by cheque and not by cash.
0 0 radhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana is something very special. I suggest, everybody poor person should understand the benefit of it and rather it should be communicated to him/her during the period. Some of the benefits can be added are -
1. Extending insurance coverage to the family members
2. Giving attractive interest rates on savings so that people would add more money in accounts
3. Giving Term insurance coverage with minimal cost
4. Auto opening of recurring FD where govt. can contribute
0 0 This is an excellent yojana. But even after this yojana, kishans are comiting suicide. It appears that this yojna is not known to most of them thoroughly. This has to be publicised in all possible ways, not only on TV, Radio, local news papers, but it should also be spoken by MPs, MLAs, film celebrities & spiritual leaders whenever possible.
1 0 There may be a TEST RUN with "0" balance on the 26th January 2015 with reading "HAPPY REPUBLIC DAY OF INDIA" to generate the confidence in all such account holders.
0 0 Presents advertisements should also emphasis that this account can be operated from anywhere. Bank managers should be given targets with incentives for promotion of scheme and punitive measures for non performance to open such accounts. On Christmas and such holidays special camps should be organised in slums, JJ colonies, labour camps for opening accounts.
2. When a new ADHAAR card is made account should be opened simultaneously if not held already.
0 0 JAN-DHAN YOJNA:
.Passbook issued by Bank must evidence that the account is under "JAN-DHAN YOJNA ACCOUNT"
0 0 I have two suggestions for getting more people to open JanDhan Yojana accounts.
1. All existing account holders should be required to introduce at least one, may be more than one, Jan Dhan Yojana account.
2. It should be made mandatory for all registered firms or corporate bodies to ensure that all of their employees hold accounts, especially Building construction, other labour intensive companies and labour providing companies since it is here that most migrant labourers are employed.
0 0 Awareness programmes should be made by the SARAPANCH in villages and by councillors in MUNICIPALITY or CORPORATIONS,with the help of the nearest bank, That without having an bank account the people are not able to get any govt facilities. Also the misconceptions should be cleared that the account can open with zero balance. By opening an account they are paying nothing but getting many things till life ends and also it helps to the generation. A reward declare for 100% scored villages/wards .
0 0 garib logo ne bank  mein account khola but zada paisa jma nahi Kor pate uske upar bank walo ne 112/- yearly for ATM and 4 times SMS charges nikal lete hai.isliye o logo ka banking ka  interest chala jata hai.
0 0 garib logo ne bank  mein account khola but zada paisa jma nahi Kor pate uske upar bank walo ne 112/- yearly for ATM and 4 times SMS charges nikal lete hai.isliye o logo ka banking ka  interest chala jata hai.
0 0 labour department in city, gram pradhan in village should be the nodal officer or should be given responsibility for opening account as villagers and labours lack bank account most.
0 0 1. Focus on remote backward rural areas.
2. In remote rural areas easy way to open accounts under PMGJDY is not being followed. Cumbersome paper works and several documents are being sought to open the accounts.
3. Illiterate and weaker section of society are denied to be included in Banking system.
4. Third party monitoring is necessary.
5. Bankers are not behaving properly with poor people.They think them worthless for bank.
1 0 Very Good step. Excellent. Govt should find out house holds without bank account from each village across India. And responsibility to open accounts for each village should be allocated to a particular bank branches, so that it can be achieved in realty and in ground. Presently many family opens double or triple accounts.
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,
     सर्वप्रथम भारत का प्रधानमंत्री बनने पर हार्दिक बधाई ! 
     मैं सरकारी बैंक का एक मुलाजिम हूं, , अगर आप सच में इस पोस्ट को देख रहें हैं तो आप से कुछ निवेदन करना चाहता हूं जो निम्न प्रकार हैं :-
1. क्या हम बैंकरों को आम जीवन जीने का हक नहीं है हम लोग ग्राहक को भगवान समझ कर पूरे तन मन से काम करते हैं, हम लोग बैंक मे आ तो जाते हैं लेकिन यह नही पता होता कि वापिस घर कितने बजे पहुंचेगे.....शाम के 7 बजेंगे या 9 ।
2. किसी प्रकार की गलती ना हो इसलिए दिमाग को पूरी तरह कंट्रोल मे रख कर काम करते हैं। लेकिन फिर भी कोई गलती हो जाए तो बङे अधिकारी बिना कुछ सुने सस्पेंड कर देते हैं।
3. आप की महत्वाकांक्षी योजना "जन धन योजना" को पूरी लगन से निर्धारित अंजाम तक पहुंचाया, चाहे इसके लिए हमें रविवार को काम करना पङा हो और जिसका मेहनताना हमें अभी तक नही मिला।
4. हमें यह तो पता है कि हमारे परिवार में कितने लोग हैं लेकिन पोस्टिंग इतनी दूर होती है कि उनकी शक्ल तक भूल जाते हैं क्योंकि बैंकर्स को छुट्टियां कहां मिलती हैं।
5. बैंकर्स का कार्य और विभागों की तुलना में  ज्यादा रिस्क वाला होता है इतना तो आप जानते ही हैं ।
6. कोई ग्राहक लोन की किस्तें नही चुका रहा तो इसका जिम्मेदार भी हमें ही ठहराया जाता है जबकि नियत तो ग्राहक की खराब होती है , ऊपर से रिकवरी करने जाएं जान का रिस्क  क्योकि ग्राहक कई बार हम बैंकर्स पर जान लेवा हमला कर देते हैं।
7. बैंक सरकार को लगातार साल दर साल मुनाफा देते आ रहे  हैं लेकिन बैंक कर्मचारी को कभी बोनस नहीं मिलता जबकि रेलवे लगातार घाटे में जा रहा है लेकिन उसके कर्मचारियों को हर साल बोनस मिलता है।
      प्रधानमंत्री जी हम बैंकर उपरोक्त  परिस्थितियों में भी काम करने को तैयार है लेकिन हमारी तनख्वाह इतनी कम है कि लगता है जैसे हम बंधुआ मजदूर हों जिनके आगे दो वक्त की रोटी डाल दी जाती है और पूरे दिन काम करवाया जाता  है। जैसा कि आप जानते हैं हमारा वेतन समझौता दिसम्बर 2012 से लंबित है , जिस पर सरकार बिल्कुल भी गंभीर दिखाई नही देती, क्या हमने कोई गुनाह कर दिया। जहां एक और 7 वां वेतन आयोग लागू होने पर केंद्रीय कर्मचारीयों में क्लर्क की आय लगभग 30000  होने का अनुमान है वहीं 10 वेतन समझौता लागू होने के बाद भी बैंक क्लर्क की आय 16000 के आस पास होगी और ऊपर से सप्ताह में 6 कार्य दिवस। अब आप ही सोचिए इतना रिस्क होने बावजूद हमें केवल इतना कम वेतन ।
अत: आपसे निवेदन है कि या तो 10 वें वेतन समझौते में उचित वेतन वृद्धि करें या हम सरकारी बैंकर्स को भी वेतन आयोग में शामिल करें।
               प्रार्थी- एक आम बैंकर
0 0 Dear sir, I dont think that you have so much time to give emphasis on our suggestion.And i think if your department is reading our suggestions then also don't take it important. Because some time some suggestion need to be understand first then we can think its is really ok or usless. please call once i ve great idea to change india. but i and satisfied with this suggestion box.
1 0 there are so many people of india who was poor belong to the rural area and he does not know enough about the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojna and then he went to the bank,the bank workers misguide them like server down ,you come on saturday etc and the poor people disappointed about the behaviour of bank workers and does't open the bank account my suggestion is to govt organise the camp in rural area with the help of state govt and open the account of every poor people
0 0 Dear Sir,
Banks are not ready to open the account under jan dhan yojana. Reason banks are giving are
1. After getting the rupay card PIN number may not come.
2. Max 10000/- can be deposited at any time.
3. Account can not be exceeded above Rs. 50,000/- at any how.
4. The person should be under BPL category
 I personally faced this problem with IDBI bank parsudih. Please look in to this matter which may harm your ambition.
0 0 It is a v.v Good step for the development of the country but few private banks like ICICI bank in my area i.e. Meerut (U.P) is spoiling the scheme by not opening the accounts and if the person enrolled for the opening on the first day when the scheme was started the bank is not giving the a/c no and other necessities for the person i.e cheque book and debit card. Kindly look into the matter.. Thanks
0 0 No doubt very appreciable move
bt we need to promote it on a vry gr8 extent 4 that
1. we can promote it in remote areas & villages by organizing events.
2. govt can collaborate with NGOs which r working 4 poor section to let them know what r d benefits of PMJDY
3. banks should take timely feedback from those who hav opened the bank a/c under PMJDY
on the whole-not only govt but also general public should take part in it by informing & helping people to open a bank a/c & make them aware.
0 0 We in Urban areas can contribute easily by taking our maids to open their accounts in nearby banks. Even if visiting maids for small work, is persuaded to open the account they will do this happily and then can go to their villages back at the end of year to withdraw money.These petty workers usually end up with theft or loss of money some one or other way. Raj Rana
0 0 It is a very good start for poor peoples but some of the banks in my city are creating problems to the poor peoples regarding their ID proof and also forcing them to deposit atleast 100 or 200 rupees in their accounts while opening of account otherwise they    refuse directly. Please look into this matter if possible so that this great opportunity could be cashed by poor peoples.
0 0 Its a noble step that you have taken for the poor people.i salute you sir.Sir i have few things to share with you for Defense sector if you have a permission.
0 0 In my view this noble venture can be  rightly fulfilled if all the employers, be it a shopkeeper, house owner, trader, industrialist, free lancer make it compulsory for his or her employee to have a bank account for salary transection or any other  money related procedures and also help them in getting the account in near by bank.
1 0 It is next to impossible to open a current account in name of a new proprietary company without obtaining Gumasta license and service tax registration. Someone who wants to start a new proprietary company from his home need not pay service tax until his turnover reached Rs. 10 Lacs then why is is needed to open a current account.
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna is a good move to allow all citizens to participate in nation progress, to become the part of progress and get instant benefits of programmes & schemes launched by govt.This move will help people in rural to connect with banks and they will not be victim of scam like Sharda Chit Fund, Sahara and so many others. Illiteracy & lack of awareness is the main problem poor & rural face and they are easily being fooled by bureaucrats, officers & employees in govt offices.
0 0 I am extremely sorry to inform u that, SBI India's  top bank here in Rourkela, is denying in some places and add to that they had opened an franchising counter under CSR activity and collecting Rs 220/-,+ fr Insurance & Document charges, from each Account holder under PMJDY account opening, I feel very bad being a disable & without job, and Bank like SBI making a business out of it, is it a joke & playing with the emotions of poor people, pls anybody Mainly Prime-Minister to look into this first
1 0 Bank Account number should be linked with Aadhar number. If the customer of PMJDY account dies, legal heir should get the money automatically from bank/ Insurance. Legal heir may not be educated enough to know his rights, amount of deposit lying in bank, how to claim etc. Poor people save money with great difficulty. Claim should go to legal heir without delay. If not done at the right time, the objective of PMJDY small savings account will be defeated. Govt to device procedure for claim.
0 0 In continuation to that , further reduce black money laundering and in benefit back to people below can be achieved if it really works out as listed below:\ base price correction of all commodity right from vegetables, oils, to industrial base rms etc. control over inflation through proper value addition evaluation and profit control for all sectors, industries, vendors etc... On paper to me it seems workable ... lets hope somewhere it ignites through fuel addition.
0 0 I hope this might not be a greater idea -since almost lacs of indian might have in mind or discussed this a while with their friends as well ideally many ways it might in process on some mode in government current process. Digital India - Money less transaction through MONEY CARD system=- right from small petty shops, vendors etc etc trading modes and on general public who buy things should possess a money card which can be interlinked either with UID/AADHAR etc, to extract actual taxation
0 0 ITS SO GOOD BUT THE SCHEME IS NOT WORKING PROPERLY BECAUSE BANKING IS NOT WORKED IN RIGHT DIRECTION RESION THE BANK NOT GAIN PROFIT IN THIS SCHEME BUT IF WE MAKE THIS SCHEME AT PUBLIC AGENT WHO WORK ONLY THIS SCHEME BUT A TARGET BASE THEN THE RESULT WAS CHANGE BUT SOMETHING BETTER THEN NOTHING SO ITS GOOD.
1 0 It's good initiative but to make it more successful we should use the "Mobile Wallet" concepts to reach out to wider  remote population who is still not get the bank facility due distance from bank or start providing the "Mobile Wallet" with "Jan Dhan Yojana".
Also Implement the "Mobile Wallet Payment " in government services like "State Bus Services", RTO etc. to pay  money by mobile wallet rather cash. It will also help in reduce the corruption.
1 0 Our country is based on village. We should first strat with nationalised bank to open a rural branch in a village covering at least 3 villages. This branch should have ATM facilities covering all three villages under their jurisdiction. At the same time publicity during local market and small shop by placing a poster is very important. Related bank after opening its rural branch should take the initiative to spread messgaes in those villages.
1 0 THERE ARE APPROX. 45000 PETROL PUMPS(OF BPCL ,IOCL,HPCL) IN INDIA & AROUND 80% OF HOUSEHOLDS PURCHASE PETROL/ DIESEL FROM THEM. IF THERE WILL BE ATLEAST ONE PETROLPUMP IN EVERY CITY/ TOWN WHICH GIVES DISCOUNT(eg Rs1 PER LIT) TO DEBIT/CREDIT HOLDERS THAN EVERY COMMAN MAN WILL TRY TO OPEN HIS BANK ACCOUNT & TAKE DEBIT/CREDIT CARD. THESE PETROL PUMPS SHOULD BE ON THE FOREIGN PATTERN(SELF SERVICE) WHERE CUSTOMER WILL GO,INSERT THE DEBIT/CREDIT CARD IN FUEL DISPENSING MACHINE & TAKE FUEL JUSTLIKE ATM
0 0 It is a long cherished scheme and would have come much earlier.However it is easy to start than to run a scheme religiously.The problems faced by banks should also be taken into consideration for its successful implementation and future results .Coercion and forceful action may backfire and the fruits of the scheme will be lost.The staff position in banks needs immediate improvement
1 0 pmjdy yojana ka labh sabhi logo ko milne ke liye gramin ilako me naye bank kholne ki zarurat hai jis se log asani se bank ja sake.
1 0 He show me all farms of this yojna were lying there. Then he forced me to open saving bank account and i opened it with 2000rs. Gov should take a strong action like these banks and peoples. such kind of peoples are responsible to failure of any scheme of government.
0 1 Pradhanmantri jan dhan yojna is a very useful and promising scheme for poor and needful peoples but some banks are not taking intrest in this scheme. few days ago i went to Allahabad Bank Branch located at Village Patloni, Disst Mathura U.P. for opening an account under this scheme but bank manager clearly said NO to open account. he told that he hasn't sufficient man power for such a useless scheme. who will be open an account in free? here lying all farms of this scheme.
2 0 Welcome PM Jan Dhan Yojana.It is very much promising yojana for common people in India.The bank khata not only for the holder but also for his/her total family dependents.This yojana empowers all to go to the bank and transact within it.The money saving shall be encouraged.Fraud schemes by frauds shall be discouraged.Every payment and scheme should be provided through bank.There should be banking education by banks to common people for smooth and safe operation of khata and ATM debit card.
1 0 For PM Jan Dhan Yojna to succeed Gov. should reform Banking Sector By Liberal Entry to Private Banks and FDI. Remember in Telecom Sector when only BSNL was present there was 10 year Waiting for Land Line. After Privatization and FDI Today public gets Mobile Sim Card for Rs 20/- Immediately. Similarly in Entertainment Sector after entry of Private Channels DD is ot among Top 10 Channels. Govt's Duty is to govern not to run the banks. i.e. minimum governance maximum government.
2 0 my suggession is that there are different elections are there such as parliament,  assembly,  corporation,  etc., these are held on different dates, and this causes exhobitant expenses, the burden comes on the shoulders of the citizen, the country has to borrow for such election,   if these are conducted on the single date,  it might be less expensive and can give relief to the citizen of the country.  if this is convinient,  it should be adopted and oblige.
1 0 Persons who have an account in any bank will open another account in other bank. There should be an income limit for opening a/c.
0 0 the fees in any private engineering college is high for maximum students.so more of us needs a loan and we took it.but the college can't afford us the promising infrastructure and jobs.my request to you sir to take action towards those colleges.
1 0 We should have at least 1 bank in one village or group of villages. Then that bank should be asked to open 1 account per household. Only opening a/c will not serve purpose until unless people will use it. And people will bank only if they have proximity to the bank. This will help us not only to open more accounts but also to retain them over longer period of time.
0 0 Make it mandatory if you can. We respond well to compulsions.
0 0 sir we have unemployment problem in silchar,assam.so if you decrease the rate of unemployment then there will also be decrease rate of poverty
0 0 Respected P.M.,Jadhan Yojana is useful option to reach poor people of our country,Every subsidy or government funds allotted to these peoples should be pass through these accounts, so can stop contraption and for creating new accounts can take take help of NGO's becoz they are reaching there where common peoples are unable to reach.One more thing sir government should review once again BPL list,you may found less persons as your numbers in BPL list,so that can save money on other subsidies
1 0 One another means is to use BPL lists with each state to identify potential housholds with no bank accounts for opening the accounts. Also existing healthcare schemes such as RSBY also can provide such lists of BPL population and such groups can be identified as the targeted population for the scheme
1 0 attached file has suggestions for channels to cover all households under jan Dhan Yojana
0 0 DCS(direct cash subsidy) should be linked with these bank accounts so they will not become idle.Life insurance and accidental insurance limit should be extend and also include the option of portability of insurance co. This will also improve the business of insurance companies and it also help us in attracting more FDI in this sector.
0 0 banks r not sending RUPAY ( debite cards) cards  to customer who opened a/c in their banks .. more than 2 to 3 months taking time to send
0 0 I think we have to link aadhaar card no. with account no. is a way to know how many peoples has opened the bank account. Also the govt. should establish a separate department which survey about the pradhanmantri jan dhan yojana.
0 1 I think integration of aadhaar card may help. But please ensure that one person must have one card only. This can be achieved when the DNA samples from the blood of the card holders are taken, not many times two persons blood DNA will be same. There has to be a separate centralized department/ministry for the keeping of DNA records. Finger prints and iris capture may not be effective in avoiding multiple card issuing problem.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, In my opinion Govt should ask all Post Offices to Open Jan Dhan A/cs.So that we can reach small villages.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, My hope for India is total abolistion of beggary. We can do this by treating beggary as an offence in India and remove the begging mafia in all forms to achieve success in the next 10 years. The people falling under this class should be given dole from the central government and alternate employement should be provided where possible under unskilled labour or training should be imparted perform skilled works in whatever interest they may show. Dole out should be earmarked from the annual financial plan or yearly budget to remove beggary from the face of India.
Due state media attention should be provided and a discussion in the lower house will be appropriate to start attacking the severe illness in our society today.
Sometime back I have seen a tamil movie which indicates beggary is a mafia sponsored business in India, if this is so it needs even more importance to remove such slavery and savageness of our society. 0 tolerance should be adopted in this aspect.
0 0 Use the electoral rolls and Voters Lists of the Election Commission of India to monitor and check that all households are covered under the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana by 26th January 2015, counter-check with Voter ID Cards.
0 0 Sir,
this is a very good concept. Now it is the matter of scrutinee of poor(BPL)  and direct benefit to their account must be made compulsory as well as amount ot balckmoney recovered if may be paid to these poors for their betterment of life.
Gajendra Singh, Lucknow
0 0 sir, several persons are misusing this scheme as they have already several accounts in schedule banks but also they are applying for this scheme.
one more thing that there is no desk to literate people about this scheme and due to lack of knowledge rural people are not well interested to open account under this scheme.
please give  target to banks to open minimum no. of accounts under this scheme specially in rural areas.
0 0 Sir, In order to connect People with Jan Dhan Yojna, Gov should do Dhan Mela i.e. Money fair in rural areas where In the fair is organised by Respective Gov and banks Participate in that, NGO's Prepare Meal for the people those who attend it. In this way When Dhan is Connected with Jan through Mela (Fair) then only the initiate will be successful even bank can deal with Loans, Remittance and Insurance in this Dhan Mella.
I have solution for Kashmir issue and even for Israel Issues plz Conta
0 0 Sir, Hindi training centres are poorly maintained in the States, especially in the Accountant General Office. Roads leading to Hindi Training rooms are through sanitary pipes, dirty rooms,  congested with vehicles , scooters etc. They should be given the best room and environment. But this is not the case. this may be looked into also.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister ,People  opening the a/c nearest bank to his home but bank accept ward wise  so it was difficult to operate.please advice the bank to opening the a/c resident choice.not ward wise
1 0 Dear Sir, I just wanted to share that . First get surveyed by banks that which are the area where public don't received the benefit of this scheme. And then start opening of bank accounts of those peoples in this schemes. One more there is persons who have there accounts in other banks but for shake of insurance and other benefit they open another accounts. So take this in your consideration.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
As mark of respect please introduce currency notes of all denominations of India with rememberence of other Indian freedom fighters and great archicture of India. Suggestion will be Jhansi Rani Lakshmi Bai , Kittur Rani Channamma and other great heros of India. Srirangam temple, Patadkal temples to start with as one of the archictural wonders of India.
It will greatly increase our sense of Indianess.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
My hope for India is total bbolistion of beggary. Treating beggary as an offence and remove the begging mafia in all forms should be totally abolished in India in the next 10 years.
The people falling under this class should be given dole and alternate employement under unskilled labour or training to perform skilled works in whatever interest they may show.
Dole out should be earmarked from the annual financial plan or yearly budget to remove beggary from the face of India. Due state media attention should be provided and a discussion in the lower house will be appropriate to start attacking the severe illness in our society today.
I have seen a tamil movie which indicates beggary is a mafia sponsored business in India, if this is so it needs even more importance to remove such slavery and savageness of our society.
2 0 GOVT. MUST DEVELOP THE POSTOFFICES around the country for transaction below Rs2lacs. Hence schemes like JanDhann Yojna must be shifted to Postoffices and not the Banks. This will reduce the work-loads+ rush in Public sectors banks PERFORMANCE OF BANKS WILL --- FALL FURTHER--- IF JANDHAN YOJNA TYPE OF SCHEMES --WHERE KYC --FORM NOT NEED IS IMPLEMENTED.. KYC MUST BE MANDATORY FOR ALL THE ACCOUNTS OF PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS
0 0 There are citizens who do not have an aadhaar card or ration card since they do not own any property. Why should such citizens be excluded from the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. This category should be included.
0 0 समाननीय मोदी जी जो मेरी सरकार  साइड है उस किसी भी प्रकार से किसानों का काेई ज्रिक नही है और न ही उनके बारे में काेई योजना है मैं आप का ध्‍यान दिलाना चाहता हूॅ कि  केन्‍द्र सरकार 150 गेहूॅ पर बोनस  राज्‍य सरकार को जो रूपये दे रही थी वह भी अपनी सरकार ने हाटा दिया जिससे किसानो काे कोई लाभ नही मिल रहा है आप से नम्र निवेदन है कि आप ने जो  150 रूपये का बोनस हाटा है उस वापस से लागू कर दे जिससे किसानो का फाइदा हो सके और आप से निवेदन है कि आप किसानो के बारे काेई जानकारी दे
0 0 one national banks representative should be appointed in village area,who can recieve deposites from village people & make available withdrawal of money when needed. MINI VILLAGE BANK
0 0 Honble Pradhan Mantriji;
I saw a Malayalam movie acted by Mr.Suresh Gopi our party man and your admirer.RAASHTRAM is the name of movie in which his dialogue is exactly what you are intending to tell public.Sir. pl see it once with trandlator ,then you will appreciate Mr.gopi.and popularise the dialogue for governance of INDIA
0 0 With declaration of confermation that rs 1000 willbe deposted yearly regularly 5 years for saving then rs 1000 yearly and rs 1000 willbe bonus extra on opening of account but total payment canbe withdraw after 5 years from opening date of account, if the saving willbe rs 1000 monthly then rs 10000 willbe special bonus.
0 0 90% of labourers working with contractors , waiters in hotels, salesman in shops etc get their salary in cash and they doesn't have a bank account. The labour Department of the area keeps watch on the welfare of this employees. The labour commissioners office with the help of Banks can open account of this employees and ask the employers to pay salaries by account transfer. By this way we can attain our goal.
0 0 Every professional's are special day like ca day, doctor's day ,grand succsess of jandhan yojna banker's day bhi declare hona chahiye. Kyunki itne kam time me itne accounts open ho chuke hai & bank's ke karan itne logo ko benifit ho raha hai aur aage bhi hota rahega.
0 0 1) Involve youth volunteers with a certificate at the end of most nos. enabling them for securing better employment. 2)Involve Pan shops/tea shops/point of meeting centres in rural areas. 3) use traditional arts like burra katha(AP & Telangana) and like for easy reach. 4) Utilise movies theatres as advts. 5) Involve Mobile service providers, so that as it reaches everyone as mobile users have increased incrementally. 6) Utilise postoffices for distributing forms and awareness 7) utilise temples.
0 0 It is seen that PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (PDS) is not benefiting needy people.  I feel that BPL people may be allowed to purchase food grains from local market and Govt. to give cash subsidy to them through PMJDY at par with LPG subsidy replacing the present PDS.
0 0 The most people of India is leave in village.The bank is far away from such people because the knowledge of banking .Account opening in bank is very difficult to villagers due to lake of introducer.Now PMJDY is really a big step to open a bank account such people who has no any proof of residence,identification and introducer.Now the success of PMJDY we can take following steps
(i)Collect data from every ward of village and town(ii)Go door to door for PMJDY.(iii)Take help from teacher and BLO.
1 0 Sir, With due respect this is for shortage of fertilizers in Haryana. Daily local new channels are showing agitation by farmers for basically Urea for wheat crop. They should be in farms in stead of road agitation. Is is a real shortage or virtual. Please intervene so that we get good crop and food supply. Regards.
0 0 The task of opening of A/C for all is to be divided in Day Say 41 Days remaining for covering all the left out aspirant.Find the able task master in lthis regard , who down the line allocate the work to other at state level and District level.Many young people are there who can be deputed for the job, just providing them two hr training  and give motivation by awarding a certificate of Rashtra Seva like that, and see the difference.
0 0 To open Jan-Dhan Yojana account the designated banks are insisting for an introducer.  In normal course the banks instist on an introducer to open any type of account. But it is not correct in case of Jan dhan Yojana bank accounts.  Hence it is sincerely felt that the condition of an introducer be dispensed with in case of  Jan Dhan Yojana bank accounts. Could you advise the bankers not to insist for an introducer.
0 0 Recall 500 & 1000 rupees currency notes by Dec 2015 and Let 100 rupees 
be highest currency denomination.
Benefits
1) It will Stop flow of duplicate 500 & 1000 rupees note in Indian 
Market
2) Domestic black money generation will be controlled because People 
will be forced to do larger transaction using Bank Account.
3) Unaccounted black money can be traced because people will have to 
carry large number of 100 rupees notes in bulky suitcase.
4) Coruption can be controlled.
0 0 Benefits
1) It will Stop flow of duplicate 500 & 1000 rupees note in Indian 
Market
2) Domestic black money generation will be controlled because People 
will be forced to do larger transaction using Bank Account.
3) Unaccounted black money can be traced because people will have to 
carry large number of 100 rupees notes in bulky suitcase.
4) Coruption can be controlled.
5) Indian economy will grow because it will help in reduction of fiscal 
deficit.
6) with PMJDY people cannot give excuse
2 0 DEAR SIR, PLEASE STOP THE C.C.LEAVE OF CENTRAL GOVT.EMPLOYEES OF MISSUSING THE LEAVES & SUFFERED THE OTHER STAFF MEMBERS. WE HOPE YOU GET THE 58 INSTEAD OF 60 YEARS RETIREMENT FROM THE SERVICE DUE TO FINISH  THE UNEMLOYMENT
0 0 Villagers are linked directly with local politician. They are more dependable of that politician who are like antisocial. The politicians are maintain the area within their jurisdiction like "DADAGIRI". Facilities which are giving by the govt. not to reach the poor for the said local politician. All benefits announcing as that "It is given you by my political party". Please arrange radio set to distribute locally and the publication arrangement for the common people, urgently required.
0 0 Pardhan Mantri ji, I think in rural area best way to contact family so far not opened their account through Jan Dhan yogna is through Sarpannch of that village, who know batter than others about the non participated family in the scheme.
0 0 Highly recommend bringing the Aadhar programme under Jan Dhan, thereby ensuring that a bank account is opened for all aadhar card holders. The Jan Dhan Identification Number can be a unique portable bank account number and the aadhar id will be redundant. Banks can appoint Jan Dhan associates who can offer financial planning lessons to Jan Dhan holders. Government can also create flexible subsidy plans around Jan Dhan that allow recipients to take gov support for say housing or education etc.
0 0 most important thing to do educate each and every child of the country at free cost. stop begging. employed them according to their capability so that they can survive proudly.
0 0 The scheme is good and would benefit the poorest of the poor who had been forgotten by the rest of the country after 1947 achieve of Independence. However check and review as also Independent Audit is necessary so that the beneficiaries receive the courtesy and personal attention necessary from the bank official; since their earlier attitude has been to look with disdain and ignore the common man of India. Let us all come together and make it successful.
0 0 Why not we get any response for the matters we report to you ??
If we are not to get any response or relief, what is the use of our writing to you and wasting our time and money ??
0 0 Sir, to make the Bank account active, will suggest you to draw a lottery of all active account once a year (or twice) and give away significant reward prize.. There is no motivation like monetary for people. This should be applicable to those only who have done some transactions in last three months. This will motivate all to keep account active and address updated. In principle I am against lottery but this is simplest way to keep all associated with scheme..
0 0 While your Govt. is spending so much money for the statue of Sardar Patel, why not you consider making a new Dam for the Mullaperiyar which is causing serious concern for the people residing in the Two districts in Kerala ??  The existing Dam is more than 120 years old and it is for the Central Govt to intervene in and make a new dam for the safety of people, before any disaster happens.  After the disaster, you would not waste any time to declare compensation and other useless comments.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister - Several news-items, protests and demonstrations by Kerala MPs were made for the protection of Rubber farmers of Kerala and for the Central Govt to ban the imports of Natural Rubber.  However, nothing has been taken into consideration by your able Govt.  What is the use of your being the Prime Minister to have good governess.  Your Govt should announce an MSP for the Rubber as done for other agri-products and issue Ban order on imports.  Mathew Jerome, Kerala.
0 0 Sir, the project has a wide vision, no doubt. In fact, all your steps are in the correct direction. But, let me point out a few facts. Some of the staff in nationalized banks like SBI are very rude to common man. I have witnessed several cases where the bank staff insult or speak very rudely to poor people who do not know to fill a form or do no know certain details. They make a barrier of rudeness between them and the customer which force a customer to shift to banks in private sector which are known for customer friendly approach. In villages, the situation is worse. So, even if the common man is willing to have an account of his own, he may not be getting the right assistance from the officials. In fact, if it is enforced that bank account number will be taken as the UID number for all verifications and if it is enforced that one person must have only one bank account, I feel that day is not far when all Indians feel equal.
0 0 Scrap Income tax and announce 1% tax on bank transactions and u will see the problem being simplified.
0 0 No questions asked tax should be deducted in bank itself @1 or 2 percent and no more sales tax , Income tax or any other type of tax in India
0 0 remove all 35 types of taxes in india and introduce only transaction tax not more than 2% immediately. Income to the Govt's shall be treefold.
1 0 THERE MUST CLOSE MID DAY MIL AND PROVIDE CASH IN CONCERNED ACCOUNT UP TO TWO CHILDREN AS ITS PRESENT IN SCHOOL. IF ANIMALS CAN GROW THEIR CHILD IN BAD CONDITION SO HUMAN CAN TOO IN SOCIETY. FULL CURRUPTION ETC.WILL BE CURBED.
0 0 Sir, a special status/concession/facility/preference may be given perpetually for our citizens, who opt for not to mention their religion and caste any where but only as INDIAN.
0 0 sharp interaction needed (PR system)
0 0 Dear sir;
    I want to see our INDIA at no. 1 position in banking account with all people  in the world
0 0 2.	They should avail the facility of Laptop, 3 in one printer & digital camera to prepare Xerox, photograph, Aadhar Card registration, form fill up etc. in each village by mobile van.
3.	Start bank operations on once a week basis initially for transactions in villages where there is no bank facility and then it can be increased.
0 0 4.	Similarly in towns and cities, door to door survey of bank accounts should be done and people should be explained benefits of opening account and encouraged.
These are some suggestions which can help Govt. to achieve their target.
0 0 Problems for not achieving Target
1.	Many villages don’t have bank facility.
2.	Many villagers may not have documents like Aadhar Card/Voter ID/Ration Card/Photograph etc. which are required to open a bank account
To achieve target
1.	Villages where bank facility is not available, banks of other nearby villages should do survey of each house if they have a bank account or no and explain benefit of opening bank account in their spoken language.
Cont..
1 1 PMJY is not a only scheme, Its has a ability to do something different  in Indian economic empowerment  history for better India. Some thought has been share at our end for Improve this scheme. Please find the Details in this attachment . Regards, Arun Singh from oldest living holy city Varanasi.
0 0 My own experience. In August this year I send one person along with one letter from our higher authority for household survey for opening of account to the local Nagar Panchayet Office(Panisagar,North Tripura). But I am sorry to say they have just returned them bank with one comment that without Govt Order they are not in a position to co-operate us. Now the same persons are shouting why we are late opening of account.  In time Direct Benefit all are to open account. Again greed. To get subsidy.
0 0 In time of Chit funds people has money in their hand. But in case of Bank same people become "BPL", "Poor".. Time has come to redefine the idea,mental setup.
0 0 Jan Dhan Yojana is good no doubt. But why people are sooo interesting opening Bank account ? Just to get one lakh insurance. And the OD facility. A good number of customer asked me to sanction them one lakh rupee. Because they say "Modiji said so ". If greed govern us it can not achieve anything.. So far around 8.5 crore account has been opened. But total collection/deposit in banks ? Only 5000 crores. 80% accounts are zero balance account. Why ?  In time of chit funds people has money..........
0 0 We can try our best to achieve the target but this is a process that will take time so we can keep enroling the new people and pay bank people extra money for doing overtime weekly or monthly
0 0 Send bank officials and other all govt empolyee to open bank account as this will reduce the burden on banks and also the id and address proof problem will be shorted our becaz they are themselves visiting thier home to open the bank account
0 0 we can link provident fund schemes and ask our citizens to connect to goverment through jan dhan yojana also we can use our gram panchayats to advertise and promote jan dhan yojana and collect data about the same. send people from bank to verify that each home should have atleast one or both parents have jan dhan bank account to have acess to all future govt. plan benfits by linking adhar card with the same as that can also help their family as well in future as this accnt.links govt. to citizen
1 0 As far as I am concerned there are still some bank branch who are demanding more than one ID for opening a new bank account. So, My thinking is that there should be a strict action against them and make it manadatory for them to open bank a/c with one ID
1 0 giving palm lets of inclusion and application forms to schools and colleges students.
0 0 Banks are making excuse in opening the account in some district of country. There is rush in banks so women are getting trouble to take part.
1 0 We may not achieve the target by 26 jan2015.Monitor progress made by the banks in their area of responsibility.
COL C J PAL
0 0 As this scheme is providing bank account to everyone, All the payments as fee in each & every government department, should be done by Debit Card, so that no government employee can charge extra fee which goes in his own pocket.
2 0 ......सरकार के प्रति जागरूप रहने की योजना , सरकारी योजना का फायदा लेने की योजना
योजना के इतने गुण है तो योजना का अपमान नही सम्मान करो,
हम होगे कामयाब एक दिन ।
 जय  हिन्द जय भारत |
2 0 जन धन योजना जन धन योजना ,प्रधानमंत्री की जनधन योजना ।
रोतो को हसाने की योजना , सोतो को जगाने की योजना ।
रोजगार के प्रति जागरुक करने की योजना , मेहनत की पूंजी संजोने की योजना ।
अपने बैंक खातों पर गर्व करने की योजना, बिना ग्यारन्टर के लोन लेने की योजना ।
समाज़ में स्थान बनाने की योजना, अपना हक मांगने की योजना ।
गैस सब्सिडी खाते में पाने की योजना , गरीबी रेखा से बाहर निकलने की योजना ।
 समाज को शिक्षित करने की योजना , बच्चो को उच्च शिक्षा दिलाने की योजना ।  सरकार के प्रति जागरूप रहने की योजना .......
0 0 Sir Jan Dhan for me means it is public's money and should be effectively given back to the public in terms of actuals vs. benefits. I believe our administrative officers are thinking and working in this direction as well. Running each sector in an organized way shall definitely reap benefits for the country.
0 0 Sir, I would like to suggest one improvement for the monetary benefits to be provided to the agro-businesses. Farmers/Landlords should be given requisite material and labor i.e. equipment, seeds, urea etc. on credit basis there account with banks with 3 months credit payment period on 0 % interest. Advantage of such a method shall improve the overall lifecycle of crops which are not cash crops. Also, linking the delivery of grains at the government collection centres to the bank accounts.
0 0 डिअर सर ,
           क्या  आपको नही लगता की लेबर का जो भी पेमेंट या जो भी रूपया महीने का बनता है क्या वो .खाते मैं नही जाना चाहिए ,इतने कड़े कानून होने के बाबजूद भी आज लेबर की सैलरी खाते मैं नही जा रही ,लेबर को मन मर्जी   सैलरी कांट्रेक्टर दे रहे है अब जब आपने प्रधान मंत्री जान धन योजना लागू करी है तो कृपया इस ओर भी ध्यान दीजिये जिससे की सरकार को भी फायदा हो ओर लेबर का भी हो सबसे ज्यादा तो लेबर का हनन तो उत्तर प्रदेश के औरैया जिले के गेल ओर एन. टी .पी .सी मैं हो रहा है उस ओर भी ध्यान दीजिये सेंट्
0 0 Please also make an Agreement and arrangement with Bank that - those who does not have Addhar Card also can make it at Bank while opening A/c....Bank can hire extra staff and fund can be arrange from Addhar Card Scheme of Govt. -
1 0 All labor / daily labor payments by all contractors, business houses, by cash may be banned. All such payments must be made by fund transfer to the laborer's bank account.
Seek village level reports that all the adult residents are having the bank account.
Remove Public distribution system. Let everyone buy in the open market, and Governments may reimburse subsidies by transfer in to bank account
Let all be covered with life & health insurance.
Revamp education, Promote qualifiers only.
1 0 PM MODI JI NE PMJDY KIS LIYE LOGO KO KHATA NIKAL NE KO LAGAYA YE LOGO KO  SAMJ NAHI RAHA PARNTU LOGO KA KAFI DHAN KHATA KHOLNE KO LAG RAHA HAI. EK TO CITY JANE KE LIYE BUS KA TICKET , PURA DIN LINE ME KHADA RAHNA , LOGO KI DAILY WAGES JA RAHA HAI , BANK KHATA NIKAL NE KA LOGO SE BHARI MATRA ME PAISE (Rs 200-250) LE RAHE HAI. SBI KA GRAHAK SEVA KENDRA (WARORA DIST CHANDRAPUR,MS)  A/C NIKALNE KA FREE HAI PAR VO BHI LOGO SE PRINT KA  PAISE (Rs 70-100)LE RAHE HAI .garib logo ko khana  nashib nahi hota to kya a/c nikal ne ko paise layge ?
0 0 Modi ji Pl. remve three fear from the soul of men's brastachar autometicaly come down. 1. education of children 2. health problems in old age 3. proper medicine  take care and fooding after age of  50 . After doing 3 thing make a strong rules on bribe and excecute it effectively. I hope 80% brastachar will be come down.
0 0 After opening of A/cs the detailed information about him & his family members with income potential&Challenges faced in improving their financial condition must b collected by each Bank holding their A/cs,such that each pie invested 4 them can b best utilised for the growth of their economic condition & their social well being.The said Br Manager of the A/c holder shall be responsible to allow d A/c holder 2 draw Govt funded cash 4effective utilization in the right direction.X check is required.
0 0 U were CM in Gujrat.How much u know about the Dau-pench of Red tap-ism God knows.But truth is, if the Sr most desires to do some thing in line with ur idea in the Deptt.&his 1Jr does not want to do that due to his inherited culture from the past Govt or in the interest of the beneficiaryBugs,who wd b affected due to implementation of ur idea,pl b certain inspite of all ur efforts the work wl nvr b done&Viceversa.Bcoz,he will catch hold of the -ve forces whoR Anti2U&Ur Project.TakeCare2identify
0 0 U pl check urself how good ur Govt machinery r working 2 accomplish the projects.So innocent Projects like PMJDY,if can't be executed in time, how cud u address d most demanding security(terrorism),Drugs&Unemployment issues?U want,but who wud materialise it?Ur bureaucracy/RBI(Banks)?Rthey Committed?Rthey Serious?They r2b freed from the Claws of anti India forces/culture skillfully.Pl use ur simple Arithmetic ideas&Monitor the progress of work&flow of each Re.in a time bound manner effectively.
0 0 Huge Capital release & no need of any FDI... India can do development for Indians from Indian resources....NO need to stop imports in gold but channelize it.... Export led growth is thing of the past & inward led growth for generations to stay....
0 0 19.	FSC – Indian Code will govern the rules
20.	1 unit of NGP ag INR will be traded on Spot basis on all the exchanges governed under SEBI, FMC
21.	Liquidation of NGP to INR cash on Spot basis ONLY
22.	Liquidation of NGP to 99.99 purity gold stock delivery only after 7 days
23.	Liquidation of NGP to existing jewelry in same form & interest ito 99.99 purity gold in rounds of 0.1grams
24.	Pledge / hypothecation / lien allowed on all forms of NGP
0 0 14.	Fixed set of stock with RBI can be considered for reserve management by RBI including selling / buying in international market
15.	RBI can transfer some percentage of Gold Reserve for getting credit in Gold Nostro a/c in London
16.	All POP of banks, ETF, Commodity ware houses to have standard assaying mechanism cleared by FSC – Financial Stability Commission
17.	Counterfeit to be rejected at POP
18.	Electronic as well as documentary balance statement can be possible from all WHR, ETF, GSB
0 0 7.	99.99 purity 1 gm = 1 unit of WHR = 1 unit of ETF = 1 unit of GSB = 1 unit of NGP
8.	Transferability allowed between WHR, ETF, GSB
9.	For all transactions in NGP, PAN is a must
10.	Total balance in GSB a/c to be considered as CRR by banks with RBI
11.	Banks gets Cash release for productive purposes
12.	1.5% pa interest to be paid on GSB ito NGP with not less than 0.1 NGP
13.	Banks / Ware Houses can transfer stock to RBI vaults
0 0 New Gold Product = NGP
1.	99.99 purity of 1 gm = 1 unit NGP
2.	Therefore 99.5 purity of 1 gm = 99.5/99.99 unit of NGP
3.	like wise not allowed for purity less than 95
4.	99.99 purity 1 gm = 1 unit of ware house receipt = 1 unit of WHR
5.	99.99 purity 1 gm = 1 unit of Exchange Traded Fund = 1 unit of ETF
6.	99.99 purity 1 gm = 1 unit of Gold Savings Bank a/c = 1 unit of GSB
0 0 R u worried abt finance reqd for PMJDY to cover all? Pl don't be skeptical about any of ur pet projects.Funds will never be a problem for any good project with God's grace.Bcoz worldwide India lovers were waiting for a Bharosemand(PM) Insaan in u to assure them, their money invested in building India won't b squandered in wrong hands & shud b best utilised for correcting the aberrations persisting in India & Indian system.U invite u wl get in Bounty.Finish opening A/c,u wl get ways 2Vitalise it.
0 0 मेरे अनुभव के मुताबिक वर्तमान जनधन योजना के अन्तर्गत सरकार का जितना धन इसमें खर्च होगा उसका एक प्रतिशत भी जरुरतमंद को लाभ नहीं मिलेगा....
इस योजना पर अत्यधिक पुनर्विचार की आवश्यकता है
अन्यथा शुगर के मरीज को शक्कर मुफ़्त मिलेगी
और केंसर के मरीज को धुम्रपान....
0 0 It should be taken like that of Polio vaccination drive. Every household must be marked as Jan Dhan yojna covered marked.
0 0 आपसे निवेदन है की इस योजना पर एक बार पुनर्विचार करें और स्वरोजगार करने वालों हेतु नगरपालिका स्तर पर बिना किसी गारन्टर के आवश्यक धनराशी उपलब्ध हो सके ऐसी कोइ योजना इस योजना में सम्मिलित करें. अन्यथा भारत में बेरोजगारी इस सीमा तक बढ जायेगी जिसे नियंत्रण में करना मुश्किल ही नहीं असम्भव हो जायेगा अथवा देश की महान प्रतिभाओं को अपनी इच्छाओं का गला घोंट कर धनवानों के चरण वन्दना करनी पडेगी जो उन लोगों को अपरादों की तरफ़ धकेल देगी....
0 0 और जैसा की आप जानते हैं कि ज.ध.यो. के अन्तर्गत सरकार जो ओवरड्राफ़्ट की सीमा तय करती है उससे व्यापार में नहीं के बराबर सहयोग मिलता है.
जिससे सरकार की यह योजना न तो बडे व्यापारियों के किसी काम की रही और न ही छोटे व्यापारियों के किसी काम आ सकती है, क्यों कि बडे व्यापारियों को इतने कम धन की जरुरत नहीं पडती और छोटे व्यापारियों का इन रुपयों से काम नहीं चलता......
आपसे निवेदन है की इस योजना पर एक बार पुनर्विचार करें और स्वरोजगार करने वालों हेतु नगरपालिका स्तर पर बिना किसी गारन्टर के आवश्यक धनराशी उपलब्ध
0 0 सम्माननीय मोदीजी,
मैं जन धन योजना के एक दूसरे पहलू पर आपका ध्यान ले जाना चाहता हूं
जिसे इस योजना के साइड इफ़ेक्ट कह सकते हैं.
सरकार ने जैसे ही जनधन योजना चालू की, नगरपालिकाओं से स्वर्ण जयन्ती शहरी रोजगार योजना गायब हो गई है.
जिसके चलते मेरे जैसे करोडों बेरोजगार लोगों के लिये किसी बनिये के यहां दुकान पर नौकरी करने या घरेलु नौकर बनने के अलावा कोइ विकल्प नहीं बचा है.
और जैसा की आप जानते हैं कि ज.ध.यो. के अन्तर्गत सरकार जो ओवरड्राफ़्ट की सीमा तय करती है उससे व्यापार में नहीं के बराबर सहयोग मिलता है.
ज
0 0 Please provide the every villages farmers to knowledge of internet and teach them how to farming with new technology nd others country farmers farming techniques and create all the villages in seminar regarding agricultural techniques by the agricultural university people in a week one time...
1 0 PMJDY is a great thought. But the reqd infrastructure manpower is not there in present banking sector. In urban areas we find banks wid 5-6 people working in it. But in rural areas only 2-3 officials are present. Whereas if we come to accounts rural people have less accounts hence they need to be concentrated. But it's not happening
0 0 Respected Modi sir now a days the orphan children are begging outside what my suggestion is in every city ,town,private school and college are available if they adopt them then every children will be educated I hope you may concern my suggestion. I want to suggest more things for developing India .
0 0 1. Country villages' post office should be given the status of Banks as they have very wide reach.  Alternatively Nodal banks be appointed for one area to take up this job.  2. Incentive of Rs. 10-50 should be given to person introducing another person to bank (by crediting in his bank account). 3- NGOs, social organizations, MPs, MLAs & panchayats should be given village wise targets.  It should be popularised that all kind of ad will be given in bank accounts only
0 0 सरकार चाह रही है हर ट्रांजक्शन प्लास्टिक मनी के रूप में करे शायद डॉ रघुराजन जी भारत के इंफ्रास्ट्रक्चर से उनभिज्ञ है जो वो करना चाह रहे है  पहले उसके लिए पूरा वातावरण तयार करे हर दुकान पर हर रेहड़ी पर POS  मशीन लगाये तब तो ये चार्ज मुनासिब लगते है जो लोगो को कार्ड प्रयोग करने की आदत डालेंगे नहीं तो दूर ही होंगे लोग बैंको से
0 0 एक तरफ तो सरकार सभी को बैंको से जोड़ना चाहती है और दूसरी तरफ ऐसे काम करती है कि लोग
बैंको की तरफ मुँह ही न करे क्युकी बैंक हर पांचवी ट्रांजेक्शन पर चार्ज लगा रहे है  चाहे वो एटीएम से पैसे निकलवाने की हो या दूसरे बैंक के एटीएम से निकलवाने के चार्ज हो  आज कल हर कोई भीड़भाड़ से बचना चाहता है यदि बैंक हर छठी ट्रांसक्शन पर चार्ज लगायेगे तो कौन अपने पैसे बैंक में रखेगा भारत में तो पहले ही लोग घरो में पैसा रखते थे और जो थोड़ी बहुत लोगो की आदत पड़ी थी वो भी बैंको से कतराने लग जायेंगे और सरकार चाह रही है हर
0 0 PMJDY should not focus on No of Accounts but it should also serve specific objectives like Financial inclusion of poor and needy but Now Farmers of Vidharbha who face severe financial crisis should be brought this ambit and specific budgetary allocation from state or centre for benefitting needy and stressful can be done through this account.Similarly , specific relief measures announced fro PMO can be monitored through accounts opened under PMJDY  such .utiilities should be thought of this sche
1 0 its a Very very use full scheme,some of the peoples they r not know how to use of bank transaction,the bank official r should be oblige & helping the poor & village peoples
1 0 Very good yojjana. Last revanue karamchari patwari and teacher may be used in every village camp with bank karamchari. Every Pradhan should ensure that no family is left without bank account.
Thanking you
0 0 RURAL AREAS BE COVERED BY VARIOUS EMPLOYEES WORKING AGAINST GOVT. SCEMES GIVING THEM SOME MONETARY BENEFITS SO THAT AGENTS BE STOPPED FROM TAKING COMMISSIONS.
0 0 THE WAY OF TARGETS FIXED FOR BANK MANAGERS IS GETTING NON PRODUCTIVE AS HE IS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT CERTIFICATE THAT ALL VILLAGERS HAVE BEEN COVERED . INSTEAD,  CONSUMER SERVICE CENTRES BE GIVEN THE TASK OF COVERING THE AREA ALLOTTED TO THEM.
0 0 THE SCHEME IS USEFUL, AS PER BANKS ARE CONCERNED,  ESPECIALLY IN RURAL AREAS THE SPEED OF THE SYSTEM IS VERY SLOW, AND ISSUING OF RUPAY CARDS ARE BEING SLOW, EVEN THE WORKING STAFF HAS TO WAIT FOR MINUTES TOGETHER TO COMPLETE ONE TRANSACTION IN GENERAL. IT IS REQUESTED THAT IF THE GOVT COULD DO SOMETHING TO INCREASE THE SPEED OF THE SYSTEMS OF ALL THE BANKS IN GENERAL BY GRANTING SPECIAL PERMISSION IN CARE WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE THEN ALL THE SCHEMES CAN BE IMPLEMENTED WITHIN LESS PERIOD OF TIME.
0 0 PMJDY is though a big initiative but many bank are taking money for it and many are denying to give form. e.g. PNB Liluah Howrah West Bengal Branch has indirectly appointed  agents who are taking Rs.40 for one application out of which 20 rs is given to branch official. Allahabad Bank Liluah Howrah Branch is saying that it has only power to open accounts for only persons who are staying in the same ward in which the bank is situated at a cost of rs. 10. These are just instance.
0 0 PMJDY   is very useful if it manage properly and create awareness to the villagers and the needy people of our country .It protect from  bad use of financial policy of our govt
0 0 PMJDY is an Utopian concept. The real financial inclusion lies in every citizen doing any kind of work in whatsoever field getting a remuneration enough to meet his minimum basic needs. How the opening up of Bank accounts  to all helps in achieving this, I don't know. However, we have to admit that the mentality of all the Managers of the Public or private banks at all stages is pro rich and anti poor. The GoI will do well to change this attitude and improve the customer service in the banks.
0 0 some branches of banks not performing their work on jan dhan scheme . they are not giving rupay debit card .the passbook is given by bank is not in such form that is isuued by bank in opening ordinarnly saving a/c.
In my openion some new thing should be introduced in this scheme---
1-govrnment should orderd that person of village area will get the ration from kota whom,ration card is linked with jandhan account.
2-the people who have not ration card the mukhia of family voter card should be link
0 0 Due to heavy rush in the Bank by the willing customers , the Bank people are compelled to refuse the customers to open the a/cs on the desired. date. Hence, my suggestion is to organize camps on sundays/holidays so that the maximum number of people could be accommodated to come under the PRADHANMANTRI JANA DHAN YOJANA AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
1 0 People who are Bank customers or otherwise and who have gas connections & are taking subsidy should be debarred  from having a BPL card. Because they are identified by the linkage of their accounts with  the ADHAAR CARD. In this way the money that is saved can go for the development of the poorer lot.
0 0 It is observed particularly in urban areas that the commercial banks are unable to cope with the rush of the intending customers who visits the Bank and the Bank people are compelled to
0 0 It is a very good initiative. I listened the speech of Amit Shah on Z Business, he said that for development to reach to expected target we have to consider poor and ground people. If experts educate people about the further facilities through bank, in banks then that will be more beneficial in terms of investment in future. Literate them about the loan facilities such as home loans so that everyone can buy his home and bank also can do a great business. Awareness of Monetary Policy is must.
0 0 Collect the information of individual & family members of bank details, assets and liabilities.
Prepare balance sheet .based on the balance sheet government can work out who are eligible for govt  schemes  and it should be update every six months for every individual &family members.
It would be helpful for digital India concept also. Through marketing executives they can collect information and monitor each and every individual and get accurate data through out India.
0 0 Sir
The gratutiy revision to 30 days for peryear worked should be brought with immediate effect .Secondly the private sector basic  is not adding DA which happens in Govtand thus attracts better PF ,Gratutiy ,Pension which eats awary most or the retirement benefit for private secto employees and especially IT industry functional
0 0 This is very useful planning. Apart from helping poor and villagers you should think for betterment of Senior Citizens also. I suggest that every Pension  Account( including current one also ) must be converted into this Pradhan Mantri Jan- Dhan Yojana Account our experience is that the officers of State Bank of India are refusing to give this  cover of PMJD Yojana to Pension Account holders.
0 0 Jan-Dhan-Yojana schme is good for social developments. How ever there is a Chinise phrase, Once you give a fish second time teach them to catch the fish.When every one gets free money with out proper productive human resource extraction, Indian nationals may get lazy.When people are lazy the national productive loss of humans will be high.Once the fund allocation people who deserve must identify very clearly. To monitor such tracking an access team must be implemented. So the audit team cares it
0 0 Sir, there is a distinct lack of clarity regarding Aadhar & PMJDY, is there a synergy between the two. Is the scheme similar to the social security scheme in other countries and if so, how good is our digital security to tackle identity theft given the use of biometric data. To expect complete coverage without clarity will be difficult to come by. If a secure data network is possible, there could be no better scheme as one IDN will suffice all purposes, better for IT / intelligence monitoring.
0 0 खाता खोलने का प्रोसेस ऑनलाइन कर दिया जाये जिसे जरुरत मंद व्यक्ति डॉक्यूमेंट अपलोड करके खाता खोलने का फॉर्म भर सके व उस फॉर्म को चयनित बैंक के पास फॉरवर्ड कर दिया जाये जिससे समय की बचत होगी व बैंक कर्मचारियों का काम केवल फॉर्म को एक्सेप्ट कर डायरी बनाना होगा जिसे प्रार्थी कभी भी बैंक में जाकर प्राप्त कर सके
0 0 Financial inclusion was a known scheme earlier, now this new scheme has been launched.The present infrastructure of bank and number of strength of banking personnel are in a very poor shape.every scheme which is launched by Govt. has a direct relation with Bank,whether it is Old age pension,Widow Pension, Maternity benefits, Pension,scholarship collection of all the bills. Present scheme or any other scheme which will be launched in enthusiasm only and without ground reality could not succeed.
0 0 we have to tell about benefits having bank account.we should also increase awareness in having bank accounts and using of atm cards. for this government should form a group and send them to all over india. the team should motivate the people in such a way that every household in india should have a bank account.
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) should be
1> bank account connet to election card or adhar card
2> existed bank account to be connect withPradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) in terms of get all the benifit
0 0 jan dhan yojna ke antargan khole gaye khate aur khatadharko ke liye vishesh workshop aayojit karni chahiye.. aur is workshop me unhe bank kaise kam karti ha ...kaise paise jama karaye aur nikale jaate ha .... ATM ka upyog ... iske alawa balance ki jaankari ke baare me bataya jaana chahiye... sarkar ko chahiye ki wo garibon aur ashikshit logon ke paas jaye aur unhe unki unnati kaise hogi  iske baare me jaagruk kare.
0 0 Under the PM Jan Dhan Yojna, the govt should consider the possibility of giving overdraft facility at a lower or zero interest rate to the account holders. To begin with an amount of Rs.5,000/- . This may help the poor person to start small business such as vegetable vendor, newspaper vendor etc. The people who do not default on repayment can be given enhanced overdraft facility. This will help in creating self-employment.
0 0 banks are not very forthcoming when we try to open JD accounts or when we try to convert existing accounts to JD a/c. There is a lack of clarity regarding the insurance cover available and bank is pleading ignorance when asked about these. this is a great scheme which could free rural poor from clutches of money lenders, but i am worried that this may not help the needy due to lack of cooperation from banks. More communication is required to make people aware of the scheme
0 0 F.Inclusion means financial literacy among rural and semi-urban people who comprise of great contributor to Indian economy.As an Ex- Sr.CMF under F.I Scheme(RB) of SBI at the instance of RBI,I must endorse the initiative as an important tool to convert  disposable income of rural people to banking channel and make them enjoy financial empowerment. Simplified KYC by G.Mtras of Banks with control on transactions by A/C Holders through gateway server to RBI by Banks is key to PMJDY to reduce risk.
0 0 Reaching the mass thro regional networks only will probagate the true representations
0 0 Its is a god given opportunity to establish as a national only party to represent INDIA all over. We should not hesitate taking rude steps to ruin the leaders of opposition just claiming we are cultrured parliamentarians as there are goondas in the opposition have amassed wealth.atleast pull their socks and wealth thro revenue intelligence. A fellow who is unknown have amassed wealth of 200000 crores which are appaarent and our system is allowing him to scot free is absilute nonsense.
0 0 We need to organise leaders from the grass route levels from village to Metros in an organised phasion and they should elect their leaders to work with under the national priniciples based on the regional need and is subject to the national scanner. This is also prominant. Though several good volunteers are there they are suppressed to represent with some leaders who not carrying properly except holding the position due to their closeness with the higherups.How this is managed by BJP
0 0 We should involve our Pracharaks all over India who is representing BJP to probagate the schmes to the Public all over India will enlighten the public the BJP Members/Probables elect is serving good schemes to the public. Public need to be in personal touch with the party members with uniform identifyint themselves from BJP.This is absent in BJP.We never claim credit of what good things we do to the public.
0 0 villages where bank are not there, every bank should campaign there on every friday to help them
2 0 Sir, it is easy to succedd in this ultimate plan for increase revenue of government and to improve savings habits in rural area also.
For success to this plan PMJDY you must treat this plan as an election process.
Call to the members of municipality ,nagar nigam, chairman and other political leaders must visit their polling area and must tends to votars as like then have done at election time.
They have thier local votage thus PMJDY will create history and will helpful in developed India
0 0 Sir,
PMJDY success depends on expansion of BC network with sufficient Digital Connectivity& instruments.Public expectations are veryhigh.Insurance cover should notbe linked to transactions in the accounts until infrastructure is provided in the remote&rural areas.BCs commission/payment shouldbe decided first as it will encourage rural youth to takeup the activity as profession.They shouldbe provided with Financial material regarding benefits of PMJDY a/cs as Insurance cover in rural areas is low
1 0 jan dhan bank account are good step but those person who are already account holder before this scheme are not allowed to open in this scheme.so i think that convert old accounts in this scheme if the account holder is interested
0 0 there is something known as go-to-market strategy which was implemented by vodafone in afria m-pesa, the case study on mobile money is there n the site. Best bankers(a man and women) should go door2door u/s dynamics with questionnaire and ask if they have bank a/c to show either passbook, debit card, etc. All a/c opened above 60yrs/uneducated man/women should be joint as far as possible. Recentlyin MP a case of reported where a farmer had keep 1.50 lakh succumbed to rats and revovered 25K.
1 0 Include Indian postal banking services in Pradhanmantri Jandhan Yojna, so that maximum rural households should cover in this scheme.
0 0 rajendra mohan srivastava   2 days ago
1-issue passbook to each customer for improving faith because BUISNESS CORRESSPONDENT of SBI has not authority to issue pass book of their customers.2-BC can see mini statement of csp customers.3-rural people's finger not matches on bio-metric device therefore customers not interested to do transaction at csp.please arrange alternate mtehod to wdl of a/c.4-increase/revise commission of BC bceause BCs are getting commission according to before 5 years manua
0 0 rajendra mohan srivastava   2 days ago
1-issue passbook to each customer for improving faith because BUISNESS CORRESSPONDENT of SBI has not authority to issue pass book of their customers.2-BC can see mini statement of csp customers.3-rural people's finger not matches on bio-metric device therefore customers not interested to do transaction at csp.please arrange alternate mtehod to wdl of a/c.4-increase/revise commission of BC bceause BCs are getting commission according to before 5 years manua
1 0 Dear PMO, Kindly update about hidden charges/ insurance clauses in the below link for Transparency.
http://cdn.mygov.nic.in/bundles/frontendgeneral/pdf/pradhan-mantri-jan-d...
0 0 thanks sir for thinking about these people . my suggestion is that if bank people come to every home in one month and collect whatever money kids and women of home has saved and deposite in their account. 2) open kids account as well so they also can learn how to save and deposite in bank. if girl child give more interst to that family. give some small gift to attract more people from bank  or from government. free gift is very attractive for all even a silver coin or jwellary will work.
1 0 It is very simple to succeed dhan jan yojana.You give offer to your local cadres that  who ever insist maximum number of people and help him/her to get bank a/c will be rewarded or to be given promotion to party.
0 0 Misguidance is going on from Bank People; Bank are going to deduct service charge, ATM and cheque book charges without informing us, secondly they are charging additional amount rs 100 for actident insurance, thirdly Bank are offering chargable Green card to poor people to transfer money and instead of this account they are opening MINI account as per RBI noms
0 0 we have already Bank Account. When visited to Bank & ask manager regarding facility provided by JAN DHAN YOJANA Bank Manager denied to incorporate into existing account. Should I open a new account.Pls guide.
0 0 Ganga / Yamuna Cleaning project is not much in news The concerned Ministries must give a monthly update on this highly publicized and very important  project. All PCBs must give progress against monthly targets so that the project objectives are not lost in red tape and corruption. Pollution  by industry small and big who send highly dangerous and harmful efflluents into our rivers have to be banned first and fast, Defaulters have to be penalized heavilyand their water and power must be cut off.
0 0 पंचायत बैंक में BC जैसे क्रियाकलाप को स्थानीय स्तर पे बढ़ावा भी मिले जिसमे सरे खाताधारी आपस में मिलकर ब्याज निर्धारित करे जिस से पैसे जमा करने और BC के माद्यम से लोग लोन ले न की साहूकार से
0 0 गाओ में पंचायत बैंक की शुरुवात होनी चाहिए इसके लिए राज्य सर्कार केंद्र सर्कार और बैंक द्वारा मनोनीत कर्मचारियों के सहयोग से इसकी इस्थापन हो और इसे पंचायत स्तर पर चालू किया जाये जहाँ पर लोग आसानी से ट्रांजेक्शन कर सके और उनका खता अस्तित्व में बना रहे इसके लिए वंहा का क्षेत्रीय कोर बैंक से जुड़े संस्था की मदद ली जाये जंहा पर उस चैत्र में रहने वाले लोगो का अलग अलग बैंक कहते को उनके ग्राम के बैंक में उपलब्ध किया जाये और इसका नियंत्रण बैंक के हाथो में रहे।
1 0 Indian roads are full of vehicles. People own 2 to 3 cars in a house. to control this, govt should implement COE on cars. same as singapore. its a tax which owner need to pay to govt. it is renewable every 10 years. the rate depends on market. usually the is depend on the cc of the car and normally is same price as car. so car owner need to pay=car price+COE(valid fro 10 years)
1 0 Sir,  We need active participation of all government employees to make sure that benefits of yojna is available for all the india citizens. ..
0 0 It is a great initiative for inclusion of rural India and their introduction to the banking system. In future all subsidies, compensation for floods, famine, accidents, natural disasters must go directly into the account of the affected so that the money and help goes directly into their bank accounts, This will ensure direct help to the affected.Middlemen must be completely avoided . In past for every rupee given only 10 paisa reached the people at ground level.26 the Jan is a good target.
0 0 सर हमारे हिसाब से ये खाते खोलने के लिये बैंक मित्र को कोई फिक्स सैलरी देनी चाहिये जिससे उन्हे इस काम मे इंट्रेस्ट मिले वैसे भी बैंक मित्र को इसके बदले मे बहुत कम पैसे मिलरहे है जोकि उसके काम के हिसाबसे बहुत कम है । और उसके काम मे खर्चा ज्यादा है । जो खर्चे उनकि आमदनी के हिसाब से बहुत कम है ।
0 0 Hon.PM Modi ji, Before setting target of 10crore or 100crore PMJDY accounts to Bankers, please look about their wage revision, both IBA and UFBU are not in a position to discuss about honourable wage revision.Total pay of bank clerk who is working 1000 KMS away from his house is 15165 where as other PSU and central govt clerk is getting 34988 PM. For implementing each and every scheme of GOVT bankers should work day and night by sacrifising their personal life and social life.Who cares about bankers who opened 6 crore PMJDY account within short period.ACHHE din kab aayega?
1 0 kindly give strict information for all the bank in order to open the account in this scheme and should not demotivate the customer to open account and should not give the alternative way. I want to share my experience that i went to an SBI branch to open the account in this scheme but they told there is no benefit to open and you will not get anything. It is even difficult to handle the accounts with zero balance ans so on.....
0 0 Connect scheme Bank accounts to AadharAadharAadhar& Adam Admi Swawlamban Social security Pension scheme..Govt.should put a token money say Rs.100 in each account every year to Bpl families besides free insurance..
0 0 Nicely done modi sir...but there is still lot to be done..
1 0 TO ENSURE PMJDY A GRAND SUCCESS ACCOUNT NO. MUST BE ASSOCIATED WITH NATIONAL POPULATION REGISTER (NPR) SO THAT GOVERNMENT MUST KNOW THAT HOW MANY FAMILIES ARE COVERED WITH BANK ACCOUNT AND THEIR BANKERS . ALSO EPIC (ELECTORAL PHOTO IDENTITY CARD ) MUST HAS A COLUMN OF BANK ACCOUNT NO. TO ENSURE ITS SUCCESS ONLY MONITORING BY COMPETENT AUTHORITIES ARE REQUIRED AND IT WILL WORK AS SINGLE WINDOW . DIFFERENT MECHANISM TO ESTABLISH INDENTITY ONLY WORSEN CITIZEN FOR GETTING GOVERNMENT HELP.
1 0 In next level of awareness building, target Ponzi / Chit Fund sufferers & create a media blitz in states reeling under Ponzi swindlers. Show the sufferings of people keeping wealth with so-called chit funds. Highlight benefits of Jan Dhan Yojna by pitting it against unsafe chit / ponzi ways of banking.
0 0 Next step will be to equip our (nationalised) banks adequately so that they are able to handle this huge additional load. Also there should be door to door campaign to cover the vast population across the country so that each poor man understand the need of it. The banks should be co operative with the illiterate men when they approach banks for any transaction. The concept of savings,interest and other financial services should be clearly explained.
0 0 Bank not provided rupe card to account holders not free insurance
1 0 Modiji often mentions Divide whether it is Rural or Urban Divide, but in Programme of Financial inclusion for deprived class. Second stage should focus on lending them right Goods and services for upliftment like solar cooker , Solar light ,solar pumps etc.. Financial inclusion of such class should not be driven towards wasteful spending like rich class does in India..Consumerism and it spending should be carefully thought for new account holders. making a new way of life through prudent finance
0 0 good scheme that gives overdraft, 1lakh life
insurance
0 0 People will join PMJDY if this becomes their 'felt' need. They still feel this is only a Govt scheme where they will get an account which gives them loan (overdraft). The need for having a bank account should be propagated. Already many accounts opened under the scheme are lying dormant.
No point opening accounts that are not used. People should be encouraged to park their small savings in bank accounts, no matter how small.
0 0 The poor avoid coming to banks because they are sometimes not treated with respect as they come for low value transactions. More branches that are better staffed will reduce workload on bank counters and will help attract more people to banks. More and more families will join banking if they feel it will benefit them. Govt campaigns should also focus on benefits of banking in addition to the facility to open zero balance account.
1 0 PMJDY min rupey card par sms alert ko free of cost kar ne se sa v gareeb log 100% labh lengay
0 0 PMJDY min rupey card par sms alert ko free of cost kar ne se sa v gareeb log 100% labh lengay
1 0 NPR must assume importance just like Aadhaar. Many families are left out from enrollment. Once done, from its data families not having bank account could be screened and they can be issued Savings Bank account compulsorily. For this NPR must function 24X7 and left out families enrolled without fail. Both Aadhaar and NPR could be clubbed for meeting out the shortage of staff.
0 0 I personally feel that such benefits are not required for citizens living outside the country
the government can ask these citizens voluntarily to forego these benefits
0 0 I have one important suggestion
Pension by certain NRI are being deposited into the account in India
They also claim other benefits in the country where they are settled , thus claiming pension benefits although they do not live in the country
These pensions are given by central government , state governments and army services
Can the government assess the money drained out from the public money and stop this benefits after making realistic amounts which can be saved
0 0 I dream let the Government functionaries and people join hands so that every village become a mini India - It should have a school upto 10th/12th Level, a Post Office, a full-fledge or Para Dispensary equipped with medicine,medica staff, an Internet centre, a Community Centre with TV and  Library to keep the rural youths abreast about the world and by our own Govt at centre,  a Bank Branch with ATM, a production centre by women and an adult education centre. Let us make the dream successful.
1 0 Being a banker  i feel correlation between the Bank and Local governing body need to be created . Local body like ward commissioner and village panchayat should be given the task of mobilising the account and ensuring  the coverage of uncovered household as it is not possible for the bank to do alone . if the Bank is only asked to cover the household then it is not going to be fruitful as bankers are not well known to the local area  . Account opening can be rooted through Local  State Body .
0 0 ATM is given with account but in villages there is no ATM machine available. pls improve policy so that bank can open ATM in villages.
0 0 1. Mygov is itself is one of the Technology tool to Improve the Jan Dhana Yojana
2.if Possiblity Internet Tool to Connect to E-mails of Indian Voters sending to Inbox of Voters
3.By DD-NEWS information Passing to Open an Account Under Pradhana Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana
4.By AIR  Information Passing
5.By Creating Network through other Possible Channels
6.Reminding Again and Again to Voters to Improve Jan-Dhan Yojana
Thanks
1 0 Bankers should get their remuneration @ same counterparts pls resolve this Mr PM.
0 0 need to attreck all the very law income group and b p l  add rastia vima yojna on jandhan acount in 30 rs get health insurence of 30000,this idea will b like honey bees for jan dhan yojna
0 0 We should take following action
1.All grampanchayat,Pulic station and Post office should be connected throuh PMJDY(All Banks should stablish a canopy at these places)
2.All Schools and teachers must inform students and call their parents for this Yogna.
0 0 1. Let Govt decide distribution of villages near by town where govt/private banks located so that concern banks are responsible to ensure atleast one account in each family and link aadhar card is must so that misuse and frauds can be avoided.
2. Aaadhar data to be used for access of banking so that rural people can utilise effectvely.
3. Telecom services to be penetrate for  banking and  but presently Department of Telecommunications is very sluggish, remove top bureaucrat and retain performe
0 0 1. under Digital India project every gram panchayat with digital connectivity possible CSS centre can help uneducated people for banking services for utility and other services like govt fees, school fees etc.
2 Encourage and mandatory  payment to farners through cheque or online banking banking so that accounting will be easy and safe for carrying for rural people.
3. Let govt encourage all the companies/ state govt with CSS centre for services and bank account play major role and transperent
0 0 1. Mobile banking to be encouraged since banks are not available in rural.
2. Encourage Cash machine, online banking, ATM in 10 Kms radius and govt treat them as tax free social obligation and encourage incentives to bans at par industries.
3. Mobile applications in local language to be encouraged and banking to be  easy with mobile no and OTP deliver on it.
4. mobile applications and utility services to be encouraged for rural  and online transactions in govt offices to contain corruption eff
0 0 WHEN HOUSEHOLD LPG SUBSIDY  BANK SUBSIDY, COMES INTO EFFECT, MANY NEW BANK A/cs UNDER PMJDY WILL BE OPENED AUTOMATICALLY.
( 1 ) FOR THOSE, WHO DO NOT REQUIRE COOKING GAS, PDS KEROSENE TO BE GIVEN ONLY WHEN BANK ACCOUNT PROOFS ARE GIVEN    or
( 2 ) PDS KEROSENE SUBSIDY ALSO CAN BE GIVEN THROUGH BANK.
( 3 ) IN CASE OF, FIREWOOD, CHARCOAL, GOBAR-GAS, ELECTRIC, STEAM, etc. HOUSEHOLD USERS - BANK ACCOUNT PROOFS CAN BE INSISTED BY PDS AUTHORITIES WHILE BUYING RICE / WHEAT / SUGAR, etc. Thanks,
Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843
COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 1. penetration of ATMs is essential to use cards. Atleast one ATM around 10Kms radius after one year one ATM in 5Kms radius.
2. Discourage ATM charges atleast first ten in any bank afterwards charges is ok
3. Encourage ATMs in all the places and discourage more than two bank ATMs in one place so that optimise resources by means of regulations.
4. Optimise accounts and one account to family so that can optime and can have multiple cards as per the members in the list and remunerations for banking
1 0 I am a retired Bank Manager.Wish to suggest that,most of the people have already some account,in some bank.Only a less numbers are not having bank account. The existing bank account may not be in the name of head of family.Then his name may be added as co-account holder.It will serve the purpose.All banks be instructed to issue Rupe cards to all existing account holders,even if they have ATM cards.The number of Rupe cards will be the number of benificiaries for the scheme.
0 0 1. All the Government money transfers through bank account directly to beneficiaries. Before made available list of beneficiary to concern panchayat and  on net.
2. Mandatory bank account transactions by cheque/onlin above ten thousands and encourage Internet banking without transction charges and  mobile banking applications.
3. Since pakistan printing Indian notes and not able to control ban 500 and above notes and below are plastic notes with pool proof.4. Link aadhar and bank account must.
0 0 1.ALL CONSTRUCTION LABOURERS ALL OVER INDIA SHOULD BE MADE CHEQUE PAYMENTS DURING WEEKLY WAGES .2. ALL HAWKERS SHOULD HAVE BANK ACCOUNTS 3. ALL HIZRAS (TRANSGENDERS) COMING TO COLLECT MONEY DURING BIRTH OF CHILD SHOULD BE MADE CHEQUE PAYMENTS.4. ALL SWEEPERS AND ATTENDANTS IN PRIVATE HOSPITALS SHOULD BE MADE CHEQUE PAYMENTS
0 0 Post offices must be made to act as mini banks with tie up with nationalised banks. Due to large scale penetration of mobile and internet now a days nobody write letters and will be a good opportunity for retarining reskilling postal staff.
0 0 USES OF MOBILE PHONE HAS INCREASED NOW A DAYS SO WITH THE HELP OF MOBILE OPERATOR WE CAN REACHED ALL THE MOBILE HOLDER WHO HAS STILL NOT REGISTERED WITH IT.
0 0 Sir It has been a good achivementI want to say that this yojna should be connected to adharcard and a co coman identity card across the nation should be made so we can stop infilteration of bangladeshis
0 0 There are no banks or ATMs in most of the rural areas. Unless we open more bank branches in backward areas, having a bank account for those people is of no use. Please encourage banks to concentrate towards rural india.
0 0 ApnaKhata is a Universal Mobile Banking app available for Java, Android, AppleiOS and Windows Mobile. Using a single app, any Indian holding account in any bank can access his account balance with just a few clicks without remembering phone numbers, SMS syntax etc. This would help all beneficiaries of Jan Dhan Yojana.   ApnaKhata Free is available for free download, while ApnaKhata costs Rs 99 for one-time download
1 0 There is a need to coordinate all banks at district level for mass awareness program.
0 0 few suggestions I have to ensure strong internal check is in pace to make this yojana a success..1 employ ex army personal as a relationship or cust care managers on filed to be in touch with all people who ave opened account in the area. this wil be less costly and also will reward our soldiers who die and live for our country 2. PLZZ have high level checks on accounts as most of them are seems to be bogus as I have seen lot of garib are still not aware about this scheme
0 0 3. Need for 200,000 new Relationship Managers. Get retired people or recent graduates on a salary of about Rs10,000 per month.
Maintain audit and record keeping of sms exchange with customers. Have an organised structure to handle feedback and comments. 
Benefits: no impact on budget deficit + A high impact Antoyadya scheme + Mass bank employment
0 0 2.Have relationship managers 1 per 1000 and associate relationship managers 1 per 1000. So a Relationship Manager and Associate Relationship Manager for each account holder. A Relationship Manager will act for 1000 customers and also be an Associate Relationship Manager for 1000 more.
0 0 1.Identify the bottom 200 million adults [half male and half female] of people below poverty line
Issue shares in GOI owned companies with market value of about Rs6,000 ($100) to these individuals. Cost $20 billion or less than 10% of GOI holdings.
Allow margin loans at very low interest rates of 90% of market value via PSU Banks. This will provide cash to BPL adults.
0 0 Dear sir
           A WANT TO THE ALL HOUSH HOLDER AT FRIST SURVEY .THEN THE YOUR MISSION IS SUCCESSFUL
       AT FRIST  SURVEY APL ,BPL AND ANTARDAY.
       EMPLOY SERVICE MAN , WOMEN,AND PAYNCHAYTE PRODHAN,ZILLAPARISAD,BLOCK LAVEL DOESNOT HAND YOUR MISSION . THIS SERVICE LOCAL CSC GAVE ME TO THE PANCHAYATE. IT MY REQUEST SIR .
1 0 Public distribution system is the only way to make the people of BPL to open the bank accounts and get their ration. Within 1month almost all the people having ration cards will go and open their bank accounts. As BPL people are the major community who do not have bank accounts right now. We already had the experience how the people rushed to get aadhar cards for getting the gas cylinders. This is the only way to make them goto the banks and open accounts under Jan-Dhan Yojana scheme.
0 0 help of angan bari sahaika and health worker should be taken for 100% penetration because it is not possible for bank institution to reach the person who is really in need of it they have proved their penetration most of the people who have registered for jan dhan already have ac in name of any of the member in their family and they know about the bank utility you have not reached even 25 % of the people who are your target people are asking even bribe for getting them registered.
0 0 Let start Crop insurance scheme.convince farmer to insured his crops against any type of damage.At least we cover 50% population with this.Casual labour earning 200rs per day will not go to bank to deposit this to bank and then again go to bank to withdraw.let bank come everyday to different place in town and collect even rs 10 as deposit to bank account.we cover 30% public with this.remaining 20 % already have account with bank
0 0 With 85% mobile penetration the quickest way will be to allow mobile banking ( e.g.mPESA in Kenya & other countries in Africa). With mobile to mobile banking , poor people do not need to physically open bank accounts. For those with no phones, give them a mobile phone, as an incentive to have this mobile banking account. Simple feature phones such as NOKIA ASHA cost less than INR 1500. Use the phones for sharing social, agriculture, educational & health promotion related information as well
0 0 Respected Sir
I saw in many bank are not getting interest in this account, they are asking money against this account, and some illiterate person not able to fill up there form and banker also not help them. So please take some step those bank who not corporate this yojna, Most of SBI banks are doing the same because they have maximum customer.
0 0 Sir, first of all the details of this yojana should be explained to the people as they are under the impression that once the account is opened govt. will put money in their account. the most important thing is that the bank staff should know what this scheme is and explain it correctly to the people so that there is no misunderstand. Request you to please do this first as it will lead to unnecessary political issue in future.
0 0 Dear Sir,Please make one law which will use for a village.so all villager should make meeting once in a week or 15day for solving all those argument which is family matter or whatever within villager.For that we need a meeting hall/space in one place.so PLEASE PROVIDE LIKE THAT IN JANDHAN YOJNA.. Thanks We all love our proud prime minister. (Shree Narendra Modi) -
Regards
Mukesh Das
9844986303
Village-Aurhi,Post Bhatchaura
Madhubani(Bihar)
Pin-847228
0 0 Dear Sir,Please make one law which will use for a village.so all villager should make meeting once in a week or 15day for solving all those argument which is family matter or whatever within villager.For that we need a meeting hall/space in one place.so PLEASE PROVIDE LIKE THAT IN JANDHAN YOJNA..
Thanks We all love our proud prime minister. (Shree Narendra Modi)
0 0 उत्तर प्रदेश में गरीब लोगों को प्रधानमन्त्री बैंक एकाउंट की पूरी जानकारी बैंको द्वारा नहीं दी जा रही है | उससे क्या क्या लाभ होगा इसके बारे मे B.J.P एक फोल्डर जनता को दे।।
Shubham agarwal
  9837747121
 Pilibhit (u.p)
  262001
0 0 Rural areas covered should also be well effectively made aware of the bank transactions about how they are done etc.. This would also help us in preventing any possible exploitation of the illiterate people having bank accounts! They all must be made well aware about security, confidentiality of their bank accounts & the transactions as well...
0 0 all is well about jan dhan yojana
  people use their a/c for subsidies and other means
in villages government give fund for upliftment of peoples but i think government should check for what they give funds
is actually working or only benefit for some class
  i 'm very upset about it ,it hampers our progress.......please do something about it
1 0 This is a great initiative! One thing I wanted to share is that apart from letting all the citizens of India opening a bank account, the people in rural areas are completely unaware about the procedure for cash withdrawal, cash deposit and various types of common transactions in bank accounts. So, along with opening their accounts, the bank personnel must also teach them how to withdraw money, how to deposit money, they should train them how to fill the money deposit/withdrawal slips etc...
0 0 can we change the scheme into like this, we will give 500000 rs free per month without interest or the EMI of 100, dot say it's impossible it's 100% possible, this amount is first giving to poor families gradually for all, can we give atleast 2000000 rs to a person when he retired from services, this is to all for un educated, for private employees, for farmers,for senior citizens, and for all for this no need to give even single rs to me from you or from any bank, if I have to do this I just need a chair and a single room office, and a word from you, 
to all.....
please reply for this or just think because, mostly you people will say it's impossible but I will say it's 100% possible, if we did this a huge change will occur.... if a peon is retired how much he will get from govt, in addition to that I could give that above said amount or more but only one thing is that amount is same for all if he is a peon or he is a sweeper,or he is a manager, even if they are in private sector also he will get that amount, 
the condition for giving amount is 
15%% of that amount should fixed deposit to any bank in their name only
5% of the amount should give for agriculture balance amount he/she could take with them
you people have to support this because you also getting this, 
please consider this if a person age of 60 he need money to build a home he have 30 cents property family members are ready to take loan against property, he  need money for his or her daughter's marriage will a bank give loan? how many banks will give loan to him? in India less than 10, they will tell that coustomer
you are 60, no guarantee on life bring a sign from govt empoyee he should be the co applicant
his son says he will pay the loan he is a farmer or a private employee 
the bank will say your repayment capacity is too low sorry we could not give loan to you better you sell that property how many of you faced this same situation
the loan is only for a needy person is it but our banks are doing like this 
if any one of our country is belong to a farmer person, not belongs to govt employees(above 30000 salary), if you are. above 50 yrs of age, think will u get with in 30 days
1 0 Large crowds gather at your rally. You do mention about the scheme. Why not also tell the people gathered there to check whether there are any one in their locality who do not have an account.
0 0 Great initiative. However, banks are not issuing cheque books against accounts which needs to be looked into. Anyone should be allowed to open a bank account whether saving or current account without introduction but only government identities such as Aadhar card and PAN card. I could not start business for two years because not able to find an introduction to open current account. Appreciate government issues directions in this regard also to the banks.
0 0 Dear sir,
we are happy about janmandan yojana.  in this regard i want to bring a notice to you.  in bank of baroda, kamakshipalya branch are also doing jana mana dana . but they are taking Rs.500/- as account opening .  some of low class people they are working in small scale industries, taking Rs/4000/- as salary insisted by bank to deposit Rs.500/- them only account can be open.  i reequest you to clear my doubt that is jana manadana require any deposit. pl rectify the same
0 0 This is regarding job creation in country.This is my view that dafter 6th  pay commission now a days  govt.employees salaries are vary high  and not possible to take more load of  employees in the govt.sector due to high  package.this is my sugession that  govt.should appoint new in less fixed  package  for time bound period.in all  deptt.it will improve services with less  financial load and maximum people can  be hired.
0 0 I think --a bank office should cover all the low income group areas--jhuggis--as a thrust area---and have a point grading system for citizens--that they score each time they do good work of helping people--so people where maid servants work--can get them to open accounts---through intervention--reference--to increase the outreach :)schools---builders--construction sites--anaj mandis where unorganised sector works--can be guided to assist in opening accounts--:)
0 0 According to me, the accounts opened  under this scheme are  not enough compared to huge Indian population.I suggest that the bank which opens this account should issue an attractive id card  to the people which can be treated at par  with PAN Card, Aadhar Card for identity purposes.A law should be promulgated that every citizen of this country should possess such PMJDY card like Aadhar Card, Pan Card, which are compulsory.
0 0 सभी के लिए एक बैंक अकाउन्ट होनी चाहिए एवं मोबाईल बैंकिंग की सुबिधा मजबुत होनी चाहिए जिससे कि कम से कम कैश मे लेनदेन हो सके इससे भ्रष्टाचार,कालाधन,लागत,चोरी इत्यादी को कम करने सरकार बहुत मदद मिलेगी और रेवन्यु भी बद़ेगा !
0 0 jan dhan yojana ka labh tabhi milega jab majadoor i direct bank a/c me dala jaye.majadoor bhi mehanat karane ko badhya hoga jisase usake a/c me paisa dikhega & bachat ki bhawana paida hogi.kam chori rukegi & desh ka vikash hoga.
0 0 banks not support customers it is defame the gov. he tell customer you open account direct bank i am help u if u open pmjdy scheme account i am not support u if open account ATM not com if ATM come so PIN not come, so i suggest gov.. close this schem. all system is corrupted. so first improve system.
0 0 In our town at Jalna banks are acting lazy and avoiding people trying to open accounts at banks. They are forcing people do several rounds of visits to banks and that slowing down the peoples interest.Senior officer also do not take complains of poor people seriously unless we take support from local leaders or their correspondence. Here I request government to open  a dedicated telephone line to listen  complains and provide details regarding yojna to people.This will force banks work faster.
0 0 Banks & Bank Staff are not support for Open JDY Account by easy step.
Customer trouble more problems to open Saving Account.
This is not fair...
0 0 मेरा  यह कहना है कि बैंक खातों की संख्या गिनाने की अपेक्षा हमें इस और भी ध्यान देना चाहिए कि एक  national bank account  खोला जाये ,जिसमे हर माह प्रत्येक नागरिक राष्ट्र विकास के लिए अपना अंशदान जमा कराए .यह बहुत आसान है प्रधानमंत्री जी.
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना को उत्तर प्रदेश में सिर्फ बैंको द्वारा ही आगे बढाया जा रहा है जब कि रास्ट्रीय ई गवर्नेंस योजना के तहत समस्त भारत में संचालित CSC को बैंक मित्र के  माध्यम से भी चलाने का अनुबंध हुआ था लेकिन इस पर कोई खास प्रतिक्रिया नही हुई सिर्फ बैंक ही कार्य कर रहे है | उत्तर प्रदेश के कुछ  CSC को कार्य दिया गया वो भी CSA को रू0-10000/- देकर
0 0 Hire unemployed youth to make new bank account holder and give them some incentives . It will be win win situation. They will get some part time job and govrenment will achieve 100 % bank account for all.
0 0 Bankers who were involved in creating 9 crore accounts at such a fat rate should be used to open aadhar cards. If they can open bank accounts at such a speed, they can also get aadhar card done for all people having bank accounts under pmjdy . Having addhar biometric cards will ensure that 1)there are no duplicate accounts 2)there are no ghost accounts .Also the government sould start transfering money directly to people account like MNREGA cash transfer, Post matric scolarship to benficiary
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan- Dhan Yojana will be one of the most welcome and useful to the poor citizens of our country.
Banks should make the formalities as easy as possible.
Banks should concentrate in the rural areas by promotional activities to open accounts.
Banks should approach the local bodies in the respective regions about this scheme's advantages and benefits of government's subsidies etc.
Entire Central and stat government and Central bank  authorities should be used to promote the scheme
0 0 प्रधानमंञी जनधन योजना खाते के साथ व्‍यक्ति के समस्‍त बैंक खाते, मकान, जमीन, वोटर आईडी, शिक्षा संबंधित प्रमाणपञ, आयकर, मुल निवास, आधार, जाति प्रमाण पञ अन्‍य आवश्‍यक दस्‍तावेजो को जोड देवे ताकि व्‍यक्ति को बार बार हर दस्‍तावेज की फोटोकापी नही देनी पडे एवं केवल एक आधार नम्‍बर क्लिक करके उसके समस्‍त दस्‍तावेजो की जानकारी उसको मिल सके एवं सरकारी कागजो के दुरूपयोग, समय की बचत हो सके एवं देश में कालेधन की उत्‍पत्‍ती नही हो सके नकद राशि का लेन देन पूर्ण रूप से बन्‍द करते हुये समस्‍त टान्‍जेक्‍शन ऑनलाईन
0 0 There needs to be a two pronged approach for this. one for rural and other for urban.
In rural areas village panchayats need to be actively involved.  Even today, post man is ubiquitous in villages. Post man is trusted by villagers. He can be a key player in convincing / persuading  the village folk in  opening the accounts.
In urban areas, most of the middle and upper middle class people employ house maids. These maids must be convinced to open the a/cs.
0 0 Hon'ble prime minister
Respected Dear,
This is a very good scheme for all Indian to open bank account.But some problems are created by bank staff.they have not show to interested to support this PMJDY. They are not provided the forms. so look this problem.
And other things is that there is any possibility to take advantages of this scheme those Indian which have already bank account.
Please clarify it.
I had not get form by nearest bank branch.so kindly look this issue and solved this.
Tha
0 0 I suggest that another auxillary scheme as part of this Jan-Dhan yojana is to extend this to children to inculcate the habit of saving money.By encouraging this,their spending on junk food will also come down for their better health.Children can open savings account,they can deposit any small amount even Rs 1 any time but the withdrawal should be endorsed by parent.
This could be Pradhanamanthri children dhan yojana
0 0 I think it is not possible for banks to approach each and every individual or some people are hesitant to open their accounts in camps the best way is to involve postman or person related to post office or teachers because people has lot of faith in these two departments and they know inside out every village or city so they can be involved in this mission of financial inclusion.
0 0 Sir, I like this plan, Because This is a direct benefit of Our Citizen. I know that Our Indians are very sensitive of any Plan and want get the all Scheme. Till Now Bank are not many Villages, So need open the Bank all PANCHAYAT LEVEL for complete this Plan. Therefore It is necessary. So, Please implement very soon for open the Bank on PANCHAYAT LEVEL.
0 0 Dear Modiji,
I would like to share a feedback,
In my locality there are many people who have drugs, alcohol, etc,
These thing they get easily from shops,
So i know these things we cant stop from selling but we can make police or some action against these people coz frankly saying, people doesnt trust police why becoz they take bribe, but yes we trust army coz they live for country,
So please make police strong & public friendly so that we can trust them
People who drink and make chaos are b
0 0 Sir, for it success at ground root level... Implement it as Polio / post office / bank / Electricity Bill / Mobile Handset / Cylinder : reach to every Indian - Implement this also like that..
* - opening should be VERY user friendly only
* - Make people realize its important ( or make semi mandatory)  Like Polio or Aadhar or Manrega
* - Most important : Encourage People who Aware other in opening other a/c, ( Announce reward them via money / social fame / meeting with minister etc...)
0 0 many under privileged who now have a/c can not read and decipher a/c,remittances/statements .they need help and hence village heads or postal officers may be trained to give this service and instil capabilities to meet such requirements.unless the a/c holders gain capapability to understand and handle a/c,the yojana will be only a play of numbers and willnot become an instrument of growth. individuals at all levels should be coaxed to get involved and contribute. use of tv and film channel sugge
0 0 The yojana is transformational.There is welcome facility for 3 to 5 withdrawals by beneficiary from ATMs in a month free of charge .There should also be a facility of cash deposit  once or twice a month by beneficiaries at non-home branches of  concerned Banks without charges.Some Banks like SBI/SBP/BOB/PNB etc.charge such transactions .That unjust charge should go when account numbers are centrally issued  and ATMs allow it but not Branches.
0 0 Banking sector is needed in rural area/rural market particularly in those   state where literacy rate is low. Bank staff should visit to villages encourage the people and farms may be got  filled on spot. Information required may be collected on spot.State like Bihar, Jharkhan, Bengal and Eastern region areas needs special attention. Unfortunately, bank people refuse to open bank A/C due to botheration.
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी के जन धन योजना को नागरिकता से जोड़ सकते हैं,  एक व्यक्ति एक खाता, खाता संख्या को ही नागरिकता कोड बनाया जा सकता है, सभी राष्ट्रीयकृतबैंकों को एक भारतीय राष्ट्रीय बैंक में विलय करके एक व्यक्ति के सभी खातों एक खाते में समायोजित किया जा सकता है, देश में हर बच्चे के जन्म के साथ ही उसका खाता माता पिता के नाम के साथ संयुक्त खोला जाना चाहिये, यही खाता संख्या जीवन पर्यन्त उसकी पहचान हो, ऐसे प्रावधान से धर्मान्तरण भी रोक सकते हैं,  सम्पत्ति सम्बन्धी वाद विवाद भी हल हो सकते हैं।
0 0 so many banks refusing to open account under JDY. ad is showing that u can only withdra 10000 only. there should not be restriction on banking.
2 0 मेरा मानना है की अधिकांश लोगो ने इस योजना में अपना खाता खोला है परंतु अभी भी काफी लोग इस का लाभ नही उठा पाये है। इसका मुख्य कारण बैंक का उस गाव या जगह से दूर होना है। डाक घर हर जगह मौजूद है। इनके माध्यम से जान धन योजना को सभी लोगो तक पहुचाया जा सकता है। डाकघरों का बड़ा नेटवर्क इसको कामयाब बना सकता है और शीघ्र इस लक्ष्य को पूरा किया जा सकता ह। सरकार हर स्कीम में लाभान्वित होने के लिए लोगो को बैंक अकाउंट को अनिवार्य कर दे।जैसे की वोटर कार्ड,राशन कार्ड स्कूल में प्रवेश इत्यादि के लिए भी अनिवार्य करे
0 0 lot of rape cases are keep on happening and not stopping even government is taking serious steps but avoiding to take step against root cause of problem. route cause of rapes are alcohol and drugs. most of the cases happen in the influence of drugs and alcohol, even those people are committed this heinous crime are normal people and they were under influence of either drugs or alcohol or both.So government should ban these products, so most of the problem get resolved automatically and poeple w.
1 0 Sir School me student ka attandence adhar no. Se online nahi ho sakta kya? Or mid day mile pe jo gov. Expence krti hai wo amount direct student ke a/c me nahi ja sakta kya? Or jin student ka attandance 75% ho sirf unko hi mid day mile ka amount mile.
0 0 Jandhan yojna me a/c ko BPL no. se jod dena chahiye. Isse fayda ye hoga ki bpl no. Adhar no. Se add ho jayega. Or sirf BPL wale ko hi iska fayda ho. Or jitna paisa wo apne a/c me deposite kare wo 5 years me double ho jaye.
0 0 The bst way to appoint person to visit every household nd tell people abt this scheme properly specially the person should be aware of local language nd frm same place.even tody villagers nd poor people afrid to go inside the banks bcoz noone there to hear them.nd ready to help them.so banks should go to everydoorstep nt people at baks doorstep.once thatdone.people will feel  free to go to banks.thanks
1 0 The most effective and fastest method would be via Post-Office Savings Bank.For this purpose all post offices of the country should be enabled to have Savings Bank facility. This method would also be in line with the age-old Indian culture of 'saving for the rainy day'.This suggestion comes to you from a nationalist octogenarian.
0 0 Sir, I was in a village where the people indivctaed that they were not opening the accounts beacuse the bankers make them come again and again for account opening and since they are uneducated form filling is a difficulty.  Non-cooperative attitute from the banks should be dealth with.  Surprising to note that all children in the Middle school had bank accounts in their names.
0 0 Bankers must be punished for harrasing the people and for creating  hurdles as reality is very much different from what we see...
0 0 Bankers monopoly  must be punished so that the poor and needy may get benefits
0 0 AUTHORIZE MORE BANKS INCLUDING ALL COOPERATIVE BANKS, SCHEDULED BANKS IN ADDITION TO THE NATIONALIZED BANKS TO OPEN THE ACCOUNTS UNDER THIS SCHEME.
0 0 Opening bank accounts is the beginning. Encourage and inspire the people to deposit money to the accounts in any smallest amounts say even ₹5 can be deposited. Need to create awareness of importance and benefits of opening these accounts. No subsidy be paid in any other form except the designated bank accounts. I guess the accounts & account holders are insured. This scheme requires more publicity.
0 0 on the name of KYC or proof ,good citizen have in trouble,pl.issue E KYC ,once kyc is complete no GOVT authority or private (like telecom or other) ask for proof or zerox,only single ID issued by NSDL or CDCL is enough,only No of this ID is enough as KYC,authority can check his photo or address or any thing on line.
1 0 I would make humble request to Hon'ble PM to direct all the Nationalized Banks, MSME Deptt., District Industries Centres, Rural Development and Small Scale Industries Ministries all over the country to act in tandem to provide Skill Development to set up own production at home - honey farming, vegetable and flower farming, dal and papad production, coconut and coconut coir production, preparation of bamboo and cane furniture, mats, door and window screens and home decors, cake, namkeens, chanachur etc., by a great majority of housewives with the ZERO interest by the Banks  payable in easy 5-years duration so that once our village economy prospers, there will be no need for our youths to run to cities deserting 80% of our motherland as desert.
0 0 Every bank have its customer ID,its differ by bank to bank,I suggest  RBI develop a software and give 12 or 16 digit No for customer ID,same is unique and same to be given to customer (New as well as old),all bank syn with this ID,this ID can show how many a/c have hold,This ID to be compulsory for any Financial transaction in India,If this can apply within a month all black transaction through banking system can be eliminated.ID must be unique and all bank open this ID as Customer ID.
0 0 Respected Sir ,
I had earlier written to your goodself that at Nagpur State Bank of India has only 2 designated Branch for Jan Dhan Yojana. This is creating problems for the citizen as they have to travel for about 3 to 4 miles to have their account opened and then to operate. I request if all the branches in Nagpur be authorised to have this scheme of so that maximum people can open the account at nearby branch .As u are aware that Nagpur is a big city cost of travelling is high . Pl consider
0 0 There has lots of thing done to open bank account for all citizen,but its also true,this practice only fruitful when Govt of India decide to follow PAY and RECEIVE any amount of money by bank a/c only.only bank a/c is not a big change take place.
I want to suggest ,there has lots of bank & its account holder,there has no synchronization in this system,so many people have lots of a/c and some have no a/c.
1 0 I hail from Dhusuri village of district Bhadrak in Odisha.  The UCO bank Dhusuri Branch (001221) IFSC code: UCBA0001221 charges Rs.300/- from each extremely poor villagers who show interest and come to above Branch to open account. Daily wage being the source of their sustenance, a day's wage is lost forcing a family of 5-7 on starvation/half fed. Kindly direct all Bank officials from Bank with camera to visit every village and household and open Zero balance  a/c at their arrangement.
RK Hota.
0 0 Some states have confirmed that all their citizens have bank accounts. The focus now should be on backward states that have many unbaked people. If work is done with full focus then this great aim will be fulfilled.
0 0 This yojana is very good but same time banks also support to the people because bank staff in villages area not treating well to the poor people. They thing poor peoples are  slave specially Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
1 0 AADARNIYA PRADHAN MANTRI JI
AAPKO SUCHIT KARTE HUE HARSH HO RAHA HAI KI AAP KE DWARA IS YOJNA SE DESK KI UNNATI KO CHAR CHAND LAGNE JAISI BAAT HUI HAI.
AAPKO SUCHIT KARNA HAI KI PVT BANK IS YOJNA KA LAABH SAAMANYA LOGO TAK NAHI PAHUCHA RAHE . IS KRAM ME AAPKO BATANA CHAHUNGA KI HDFC BANK NAJIBABAD (DISTT BIJNOR -UTTAR PRADESH) ME MAINE APNA FORM JAMA KIYA THA PAR WAHA KE MANAGER NE USKO REJECT KAR DIYA.
AAPSE NIVEDAN HAI KI AAP PVT BANK KO AADESH KARE KI IS YOJNA KA LAABH DENE ME WO LOG KOI K
1 0 Banks are harassing citizens in the name of KYC, Aadhaar, non-operation of account etc. First banks must be told to stop harassing citizens. If the bank manager can not differentiate between a criminal and a law abiding citizen; he is unfit to be bank manager. Compulsory opening of accounts without any harassment should be made the target for all branches. Post offices may be roped in and private banks must be regulated strictly by Government and not only by RBI. RBI has limited reach.
0 0 I think an amount of Rs.5,000 may be kept by the account holder of Jan Dhan Yojana towards a Fund called PM's Jan Dhan Yojana Fund. It will be kept as a separate deposit by the Bank for a period of 5 years and can be renewed. The fund so generated will be used for special schemes like providing loans to the weaker section, for providing drinking water filters in villages, solar water pumps to the farmers, solar lights in the streets of the villages,. educational stationary kits for the students.
0 0 jan dhan yojana should cover each household and later each living soul to become synonymous with aadhar card.. it should be a medium for his savings, loans, insurance,investment and pension schemes.it must have portability to choose his bank. people to value bank a/c as precious for living. it must encourage sincere, hard working and honourable lives and discourage lazy defaulters. change laws. wilful defaulter  be deprived of its benefits.India posts as payment bank of SBI can  be catalyst here
0 0 OM Shri LaxmiNarayanay Namah...
...OPEN MORE BRANCHES...
My humble request to make this multinational so that all NRIs can open their account and can directly deposit their money...
More than 21,000,000 people are NRIs.
If all of them can open account and directly deposit their salary then there will be at least 21,000,000,000 RS/- deposited each month.
If possible make this service online with options for Charity & Donation...
...OM BRAHMANE NAMAH... ...OM PARABRAHMANE NAMAH...
0 0 OM Shri LaxmiNarayanay Namah...
I want to pay my respect to our Brave Serviceman... But...
If we can transfer money online ("No Transfer Fees within same bank") then I think everybody will participate... And if everybody can provide help with 1 Rs/- per each Brave Serviceman then as a nation everybody will feel proud as a participant. And on the other hand affected family will receive at least 100,00,000 Rs/- immidiately... BIG HELP...
...OM BRAHMANE NAMAH... ...OM PARABRAHMANE NAMAH...
0 0 With the approval process account should be created in bank core system and other formalities should be completed for account operation. This will speed up the account opening process and can create job opportunity for some.
0 0 who are appointed by the bank branch, branch specially because it will make process fast. Secondly they can appoint somebody locally situated near bank. Authorize person have to complete the data processing, uploading the scan documents and signatures required by bank. Collecting and checking forms and supported document and submitting to the bank branch as per guidance of bank. Now bank has to just to verify account details and physical document and approve the process.
0 0 It is import to bring such instruments into the role which improves the account opening easy. In nationalize bank I found account opening is major issue, In my bank I found thousands of the application forms are submitted but not processed because there is no staff available for the data processing. Regarding this issue my suggestion is that,  if banks make provision for the account opening online procedure online on their website, which can be operated by appointed authorize person.
0 0 PMJDY se sa v acount holder ko sammlit ka ren cha hay ke c v parkar k acount holder hon  and jo pension acount holder hay u n ko v e sa Sey Jo drah dey aur e sa yojana men Mobil k sms charge ko  ha ta dey ne se acount holder par extra money lod n ho ga  es li ye ke hamare desh ke sa v janta k pas Mobil na hin hay aur some parson k pas hay to aap k Sms alert k charge ko wa han na hin kar saktey    .......... Ydi aesa kar dey to PMJDY 100% suphal ho gi
0 0 PMJDY se sa v acount holder ko sammlit ka ren cha hay ke c v parkar k acount holder hon  and jo pension acount holder hay u n ko v e sa Sey Jo drah dey aur e sa yojana men Mobil k sms charge ko  ha ta dey ne se acount holder par extra money lod n ho ga  es li ye ke hamare desh ke sa v janta k pas Mobil na hin hay aur some parson k pas hay to aap k Sms alert k charge ko wa han na hin kar saktey    .......... Ydi aesa kar dey to PMJDY 100% suphal ho gi
0 0 i want to say something for success of Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana. jo real me esake layak hai usako to milana hi chahiye par jo esake layak nahi hai o v apana nam esame jurwa lete hai. ese kya hota sarkar par extra bhar parat hai. jo esake layak nahi phir v usaka nam hai ese rokane ke liye ek yesa benifit diya jay jo layak nahi. sarkar usako kam rate pe usako bank se lon diva kar usaka madad karani chahiye. yese kya hoga sarkar ko paisa v ayega or logo madad v ho jayegi.
1 0 Jan Dan yojana hai ek jogantakari yojana. Essa garib logo ko paid a hoga.
0 0 PM sir, please listen to Rajan's suggestion. he is intelligent man. Read his times of India artice. Make in India should not take India on path of China. It should be focussed for making for India primarily. Dynamics of world are changing and all developed countries are trying to bring jobs back to their country .. all are facing that pressure. Please rajan ji ki raay lijiye.. saste me bananeka achievement long term ke liye acchca nahi hai... unstable hai..
0 0 Dear PM Sir,
Please consider this:  Every villager (where possible) plants a neem tree.  Every successful year of growth of that tree, an increase in life insurance of Rs 5000/=.  After five years, the neem tree will be giving its fruit (earning income for villager) and we will have large supply for neem pesticides.  Neem trees also bring healthy air around villages.  It will also be a organic, environmental NEEM revolution!
1 0 Contd ...... Another way of success of PMJDY is that to gain momentum of the scheme there should be some reward or incentives to bankers who can attain the targeted accounts. There are bank strikes due to not implementing wage revision and in the midst PMJDY. Please inspire bankers first by implementing wage revision, Now bankers have a miserable life and PMJDY makes it more miserable, so they should be honoured/inspired to make PMJDY a grand success.
0 0 i cogradulate our PM Sri Modiji for introducing Jan Dhan Yojana and it has become great success in a short time, However we hear that some people are trying to open multiple accounts in many banks to derive benefits. hence sufficient care is to be exercised in validating accounts by creating secure database The beneficieries details must be known to all banks before any insurance or other payments are to be made. the good intentions must not be wrongly used so that benefits must reach all   .
0 0 PMJDY is an excellent scheme towards India become a financial superpower. Towards reality Govt must be tough and took some tough decision. Any kind of subsidy whether it is on Kerosene, petrol or diesel or on Food security Bill, any kind on subsidy should be account paid like LPG cylinder. Govt should publish that to get any kind of subsidy one should have a bank account. Likewise there should be a Village Level Monitoring Agency to look after the scheme to gather people to bank or CSP.
0 0 Continue to earlier post..Due to heavy rush, bankers are finding it difficult to service its all the customers due to shortage of staff and IBA/ GOI is failed to recruit the staff due to lower salaries in Banks than other sectors. Wage revision due from November 2012 should be concluded as early as possible. We bankers are unnecessarily compelled to make strikes for our legitimate demands. I hope PM sir you will do headway in the matter to ensure retention of staff in banks.
0 0 PMJDY ko abhi band na kiya jai. Gram vikasadhikarion aur Primary School Teachers ko involve karke gaon me banko ke Camp lagakar yojna ko aur safal banaya ja sakta hai.
Dr. Satish Chandra Dwivedi
Associate Professor, Economics, Buddha PG College, Kushinagar, U.P.
0 0 Respected Prime Ministerji, Jan Dhan Yojana is another attempt after financila inclusion. Half of the work of opening accounts has been completed in FI programme since 2006. Under the name of JDY further new accounts of the same persons are being opened and success is published. This is not correct. one person has now more than 2 accounts. Please arrange to close double account holders. You will find that more than 90% people have accounts in banks.Due to JDY the banks are full with rush
0 0 Jan Dhan Yojna is an excellent initiative by our PM. The kind of response it has generated proved his farsightedness .
0 0 First of all I am saluting to Mr NarendraModi.From Bankers side also there are some technical issues so they didnt cooperate with public.Pls take care about this issue also.
0 0 this is a really good for the every citizen ,iam saluting to the honourable prime minister modi jee ok but in this programe many dificulties for the rural and urban illiterate people of india ,my sugestion is please involve the  N.S.Sand N C C local rural youth clubs members and also selp help group leaders ,these people living in their localities and entrust the work on voluntary basis  and give full publicity in the television ,air ,etc
0 0 Give it status like PAN Card / Ration Card/Passport/Aadhar Card, these docs keep comman man religiously. Further one can us Bank Passbook for Address Proof, ID Proof if it has Affixed Photo & Income Proof.
0 0 TO KNOW GROUND REALITY IS MUST FOR SUCCESS OF ANY SCHEME. ONLY 2% ACCOUNTS ARE OPENED BY PRIVATE SECTOR BANKS WHY ? HOW ILLITERATE PERSON WILLUSE RUPAY DEBIT CARDS ? POOR PEOPLE ARE EXPECTING RS. 5000 AFTER 6 MONTHS NON RETURNABLE MONEY FOR WHICH THEY WERE NOT PROPERLY EDUCATED. JUGGLERY MAY BE IN GIVING FIGURES OF ACCOUNT OPENING TO PLEASE PM WHICH SHOULD BE TEST CHECKED. AVOBE ALL, WHAT IS GURANTEE THAT BAD ELEMENTS WILLNOT USE POOR PEOPLE ACCOUNT FOR FRUAD, DEPOSIT HAWALA, BLACK MONEY.
0 0 THIS SCHEME IS REALLY GOOD. QUESTION IS WHETHER  PROPER PUBLICITY IS GIVEN OR NOT ? IN OUR COUNTRY, THERE SO MANY PEOPLE, WHO DO NOT HAVE PRIMARY BANK ACCOUNT. AS LIKE POST OFFICE BANK, ACCOUNT HOLDER MAY BE ALLOWED TO DEPOSIT MINIMUM AMOUNT OF RS. 50/- APART FROM THIS, THERE MUST BE PROGRAMME TO TEACH THE VILLAGER HOW TO USE DEBIT CARD. THEY MAY BE ENCOURGED TO DO ALL TRANSACTION THROUGH BANK AND DEBIT CARD. NO CHARGES SHOULD BE LEVIED FOR DOING TRANSCTION THROUGH DEBIT CARD.
0 0 70 crores Aadhar registered having names and addresses allow proactive approach to genuine Jan Dhan A/c opening process. Would also eliminate second stage Aadhar impregnation process into A/c's. Jan Dhan A/c opening for those w/o Aadhar no. should accompany simultaneous Aadhar registration process. Debit Cards issued to A/c holders should have Aadhar no. recorded onto it so that facilities such as insurance, overdraft etc. are not open to leakages due to corruption & fake A/cs.
0 0 Let us have Bank representatives at places frequented by these people like ration shops, railway stations and bus stops.Another way could be to approach government run schools and educate the children there to pester their parents to go and open accounts in banks.Added way could be to distribute Account Opening forms at these places.
0 0 first make a grass root level awareness campaign P M JAN DHAN YOJANA
0 0 To ignore corruption.
0 0 I suggest post offices to the duty , the postman is the only non controversial, highly accessible,trusted and time tested companion of the poor masses with penetration to each and every corner of the country. The accounts can be opened in post offices also the post offices can be used for educating and motivating the people to enter the scheme and reap its benefits. I also suggest that the poor labour be given their wages through the accounts so that they get a good lump sum amount at end.
0 0 Operate A/C  by newspaper ,radio or television or otjer easy way and if any problem during this process or anybody demand to money about it then people must have a seperate 24 hours help line number ,where they complaint against corruption under this scheme.4. On Panchayat level -sarpanch and other govt. Officer  should be monitoring after every three month and to open bank A/C of villagers on his village by camp of near bank this bank A/C should be link with Aadhaar Card and Family ID,Member ID
1 0 We have to create a awareness among people we have to make many volunteer they may be student,worker,housewife who can promote and help the illiterate people to open a bank account 1volunteer can help to open 1000 account then you reward them as a citizen of india think if 1 lakh people take part in this 10 crore new account will open which makes a huge difference you have to open a portal in which people register themself and online voting system on diff. Ques. To understand people desires
0 0 1. include panchayat level officers(sarpanch, ward member of wards in panchayat)  to aware people about the scheme
2. may include MNREGA job card number in this scheme.
3.Govt. should increase the monthly transaction limit from 10000/- to 20000/- or 25000/-
4. may include govt. group c/group d employees. 5. provide some more time to open an a/c in this PMJDY scheme from 26th January 2015 to an another later date. &
6. atlast encourage people to transact their every benefit through the bank a/c
0 0 give more interest as compared to normal saving acount. At about 6 percent and increase insurance yearly by 5000 automatically and free
1 0 मुझे बैंक मेनेजर ने बताया कि यह अकाउंट केवल गरीबी रेखा से नीचे वालों के लिए है ! कई पढ़े-लिखे लड़के-लड़कियाँ जो कई जगह बहुत कम वेतन पर काम करने के लिए मजवूर हैं-इनका अकाउंट तो बैंक को PMJDY के अंतर्गत तो अवश्य खोलने के निर्देश ज़ारी करने की बहुत ही आवश्यकता है ! इसके अतिरिक्त बैंकों को अभियान के स्तर पर कार्य करना चाहिए ! R-PAY CARD को वार्षिक फीस से भी मुक्त रखा जाये !
1 0 To reach at every home to cover and open saving account under scheme JAN DHAN launched by govt.of India, the only best way to start opening account in minimum part payment say Rs 10/- at 1st month than Rs 20/- in next than Rs 30/- like that n encourage poor or very low income families to tend to go for saving. This plan can help both the economy as well as individuals. In other hand bank's staff should go n do that & certain incentives should be in provision as a commission for representatives.
0 0 We must see the accounts-SBs are active.For which some sort of money circulation should be there with individuals.  Here comes the offering of suitable employment/job, which are in the nature of productive, may be tangible or intangible to create assets to the nation.
0 0 About PM Jan Dhan Yojna-1. Some young generation belong to middle class(but they really belong to just upper of poverty line) they earn only 3000 or 5to 6 thousand but they do not believe in this scheme because they think, it only for labour or riksha or auto driver etc. If we aware these type of people then we can achieve our goal of at least one bank A/C no. of each people . 2. We have to provide money transfer facility to any bank 3 Provide full information like how can open A/C and operate
0 0 Purpose of the PMJDY is to track and reach the benefits of Govt policies to the people and family of poor, tribal and less developed areas.  Hence Govt. should first track and identify the districts and villages among these districts with high poverty.  After identify such villages this programme should be implemented in these villages on top priority basis with utmost care of the genuineness of the eligiblity.  A report in the progress of such villages be monitored by PMO itself.
0 0 To make India a clean country, first, ways to dispose the waste must be explored. Pleas go through the episode of Staymev Jayate of season two "DON'T WASTE YOUR GARBAGE" for this and implement in all states making it compulsory.
2 0 Bank is not giving proper guidance and help to people. Either  compulsory target should given to bank or scheme should be run with the help of volunteers or NGO.
0 0 Only way to reach all villages in PMJDY is through a "Village Pancayath"with user friendly Digital media help.Like Aadhar,do it online connected to bank's server, issue individual documents. Hire locally available DPT user by banks & train them to make account online.Advance advertise the required documents through media,AIR.Hope all Indians will get deposited the Black Money retrieved through PMJDY.Ambitious Financial inclusion program first time in Independent India.Congrats.
1 0 बैंक समय पर खाता नहीं खोल रहे है ये कह रहे है मेरे याहा ये सुविधा नहीं है ज्यादा पूछने पर डाटते है और पैसा मांग रहे है और फॉर्म जामा करने पर खाता संख्या देने में देर कर रहे है , इससे सम्बंदित मैंने जिलाधिकारी को भी सूचित किया पर कोई रिस्पोंस नहीं मिला  इसमें ज्यादा नखरा SBI वाले दिखा रहे है
गावो में बहुत से लोगो को इसके बारे में पता तक नहीं है
0 0 Rupay card within a week or maxm. two week time. Bank should hand over these docs to the volunteer who in turn will handover these to the concerned people and take their receipt.
for verifying people specified documents may be checked by these volunteers.
Today main problem is that people is approaching banks, which is not yielding desired results. if Bank starts approaching people with volunteers help, then we will get desired results within the specified timeframe.
thanks
S K Mahato
0 0 For this purpose Ads to be given on TV / radios / Autos/ Social media for people willing to volunteer with bank to cover the areas where the work is still to be done. Each volunteer should be given a area / mohalla / tola / ward / village to cover. these volunteer should be paid conveyance and a token amount towards recognizing their work.these volunteer should collect all papers from people and submit it to bank. Bank should employ extra people to complete all process and issue the passbook and
0 0 PMJDY
Pl organise  on the spot accounts opening at villages in large poorer States such as Rajasthan, UP, MP, Bihar, Orissa and West Bengal.  Select 3 largest banks in each of these States and fully equipped bank teams. should visit various villages after prescheduling with village/panchayat authorities. Where required such a mission could be conducted in city slums/resettlement colonies.
0 0 The bank officials are helping to open Bank Account under PM Jan-Dhan Yojana.  I opened a Account for my son.  But my concern is that those who have no account in rural areas there the Bank which is functioning in nearby place should open special counter/help desk at villages or advertise through village panchayat and help those illiterate people who have no account and try to cover those people first which is the main aim our PM.  Then the main objective of this Yojana will be fulfilled.
0 0 even after a month.
To overcome these problems and to complete the task within 26th Jan 2015, following steps may be taken:-
1. Every branch of every bank in the country must have knowledge and papers ready for opening the Jan dhan account / or to issue Rupay card on a existing account.
2. If there is more than one bank account in a family one account must be linked as Jan dhan account.
3. The most important part is covering rural areas and Jhuggis / unauthorized colonies in urban areas.
0 0 Define FAMILY.the family heads may be women, minors, singles, migrants, nomads. illegal houses which cannot be recorded. Currently in Pune illegal houses are demolished These people are most likely to be without bank accounts.
In small basti-s in Mumbai Pune Thane working class have system called bishi Members pay fixed sum monthly Every month lottery decides who gets collection Members rely on getting lottery to rennovate house etc.JD offers loan 5000 Bishi gives large sum as Capital
0 0 Sir by converting existing ACs of needy people under PMJDY scheme will expedite the task. Govt.should advertise importance by using publicity by Rickshaw,putting adv.boards in local language in specially poor people's localities Education/sensitisation needed do that through local bodies NGOs working for down trodden Need desire!
1 0 2. in rural areas many villagers are not aware of it. those who have come to know, stands in long ques in front of either SBI branch or Gramin bank far away. after standing for two three days, they give up. third the bank official behaves with them in such a manner as if they are doing some favour to them. In some villagesso called Bank Mitra visits, but they charge Rs.50 to Rs.100 for collecting documents from villagers for opening Jan Dhan accounts. but no one has got account opened..pl read
0 0 Sir,
First review two instances experienced by me:
1. I went to my SBI branch at Mohan co-op, new delhi, ( near Sarita Vihar). I asked to issue a rupay card for my existing account with the branch. The first reaction of the official was that how it is to be done is not known. second they don,t have a form for this purpose. Finally they said that a form for ATM card is to be filled and to be submitted to cancel earlier ATM card and reissue of Rupay card.
pl read on
0 0 most of the illiterate people do not have any proof of identity, hence opening an account becomes difficult. best suggestion is to have their finger prints and get iris scan done and use this as an identity proof.
0 0 1) Develop advertisements catering to well to do citizens having maids at their home. On an average 2 maids work in every well to do house. Ads motivating citizens to contribute to their maids lives and they must insist that salary willbe credited only there.
2) announce that all subsidies in the long term will be given out by the way of cash transfer
3) just like Swach Bharat Abhiyaan where Pm nominated 5 others, inspire every educated citizen to open 5 bank accounts in 30 days
0 0 Sir to cover all house hold before given  time frame I suggest to adopt strategy as under
1 Pl do not left this task only on Banks 2 Involve Local body like Panchayat,Municipality,MC NGOs etc to help needy people filling up their AC opening form,made photo copy of requisite KYC doc,make available free photograph needed for AC opening Under PMJDY scheme 3 They should sensitise people about the scheme 4 So many needy people would have Bank account earlier convert those a a under PMJDY schm
0 0 जिस तरह से किसी भी काम के लिए  वोटर आई डी को  अनिवार्य बनाया जाता है,उसी तरह बिना किसी लालच के हर भारत वासी के लिए बैंक में खाता अनिवार्य होना चाहिए! इसके लिए हर शहर में पार्षद और नगर निगम या फिर गाव में पंचायत/प्रधान को इसके लिए तय समय सीमा में अनिवार्य रूप  से अपने इलाके के हर वोटर का बैंक में खाता खुलवाना सुनिशित करे! इसके लिए अलग प्राधिकरण ना बनाया जाये ! मौजूदा सांसद और विधायक की भी इसमें जिम्मेदारी तय की जाये! बिना तय समय सीमा के,बिना भय के ना तो अफसर काम करते है  ना ही जनता समझती है!
0 0 Whosoever opens account will be credited with 100/ or more immediately . Other benefits can be linked with time factor. Banks should open temporary mobile branches in slums, railway stns, near religious places and other congregations.
0 0 Please make it a success sir.Here in lies the future of this great country whose people are made under privileged by the elite lot for so long inspite of all efforts by our freedom fighters.They had not sacrificed their life for this kind of India being managed by designs of selfish individuals, who are masterminding all schemes& projects for our beloved  innocent poor people to fail.Please feel the urgency by going back to ur early days&do it 2 ensure 1st step 4 their prosperity.YES,U CAN.
0 0 Honorable PM Ji, We are middle class family shift the residence place when the rent is increased by the owner. Sometime it is not affordable by the middle class when we have a less salary.  To change the new address for Telephone Line other related for change of address. They request for ID Proof and Address proof. We are finding so difficult to change the address. Atleast they can visit the new address and verify it. Please make a system which makes us easy to change the address in fast track.
0 0 there should be facility or attractive package of bank account for  maids working in housesfor works such as baby sitting ,utensil cleaning etc
0 0 Each Ward Member of Gram Panchayat Wards & Urban Local Bodies Wards must be fixed responsibility to ensure no one is left out in their respective areas by 26th Jan'14.The Local Bank Branch Managers have to accelerate the drive thru their officials with support of the Teachers & Police of the area under the supervision of Police SPs & District Collectors. Any Identification Proof of their self & house with two witnesses,Wardmember of the area & an exuisting Bank A/c holder if possible shall do it
0 0 If U&RBI r failing@Rate Cut in Bank Interest&Commodities prices in the wake of so much oil cost reduction,how U&RBI  can Monitor the Opening of the PMJDY A/c by each branch of each Bank in India to cover all Citizens of the Country with the support of the Teachers & Police officials in identifying each 1 eligible from each family in the country.District Collectors can accomplish the MIssion with dedication in a time bound manner b4 time.Insurance Cos will Accelerate opening of A/cs 4Target.
0 0 Please ensure the person opening the saving account must keep a minimum balance of Rs.1,000/- or Rs.500/- by Banking sector
0 0 We have post offices covering the entire country.The postmaan knowss each and every house even in villages and remotte areas.Give banking license to Post office and give incentives to the postman in opening accounts after a minimum number of accounts.Post offices to be used as banking/ financial/courier/business center. It can also be used in digitilization India as it would covers the rural and city areas.We are not utilizing post office to its potential all we need is to modernize & integrate
0 0 Respected PM ji its very good for us every person after some time will have a account but please add no cash payment only plastic money because per day per hour a man sucide for private loan loan interest rate are 10% per month to 10% per day our country money convert to black money at this system i can give more evidince.
0 0 This facility is not getting to the needy, people have been shuttling between the bank.
0 0 RBI Governor was recruited by Previous Govt.In the guise of sustainable growth, he is not allowing Rate cut in spite of ur insistence over the matter, nor he is finding ways to control the price of the commodities even though there has been substantial reduction in oil price.If u r unable to extract the best out of 1 sharp anti PMJDYofficer in Mr Rajan, how could u rule the heart of the Millions of the world adorable Modiji.On u aspiration of Millions of Noble souls lie u must not forget Dear.
0 0 Hello, Sir. If every Indian have bank accounts age 5 year and above everybody count in population, counting without any puzzle. population department face more problems about the counting and some persons repeat in actual population counting. if any person have more account software automatically removed more account convert one account like PAN number......thanks with regards ......Hitender Kumar
0 0 Adarniy Pradhan Mantry G PMJDY jaishi mahatwkanchi yojna ko dharatal puri trah se laagu karne ke ley pryapt samay aur niranter nigrani ki jarurt hai kyoki es desh main sara system hi be patry chal raha hai. hamare desh ke bank khas kar sbi to is desh bank hi nahi hai... ye kisi sudur planet se aaya hua bank hai.  aise main is yojna ko pryapt samay milna hi chahiye jis se bichaulio aur dalalo kam se kam awasar mil paye lootne ka.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Every account must be linked to Adhar card.In case of PAN card all business men have more than one card.When we do plan tfr of money it should reach the right person.
0 0 Hon'ble  prime minster ji I suggest that bank give 9 to 10% interest on PMJDY a/c , after this you can see that more than more amouunt deposit in our bank accounts.
Bank pass the  more amount  for loan to public
0 0 Hon'ble PMJI,
PMJDY is noble scheme to benefit the rural population. To achieve the target, bankers need have the same spirit of mission. Each bank has wide spread net work in each state. Such bank is to be nominated as nodal agency. With help and assistance from other banks, the nodal agency is to cover each household. Outsourcing the job through dedicated rural social activist/NGO will help but the bankers need have one man office with required facilities to transact banking work in village.
0 0 The most important aspect is that this scheme is directed at those who are Below the Poverty Line and are largely uneducated.  They still require to be educated about the benefits of this scheme and banks need to extend all cooperation to the beneficiaries.  My personal experience speaks otherwise, as I had encouraged some of my employees to open bank accounts under the scheme and they were made to run around by the bank.  They are still not clear about the benefits of the scheme either.
0 0 Hi, Sir.This is really a very good initiative on the part of country's progress
0 0 Adhar Card is the symbol of Congress mentality and imposing this on to the people who fought against Congress would be as if the voters were fool out here. let the Adhar card be there but it should not be made mandatory for opening an account.
1 0 People who have opened savings account under the Pradhan Mantri Jan dhan yojana; should be educated in small group about the operation of accounts so that their accounts do not become Dormat accounts and banks should not misguide them. Total transparency must be achieved. In fact bankers should come out with proper customer service care.
0 0 Suggestions: 1.Booth-Level Campaigning to Open an Account by Pradhan Mantri  Jan-Dhan Yojana in a Micro-Level Circle.
2.Campaigning Like  an Elections with Much Less Cost-Effect
3.Awareness Creation Where Television is not there via AIR.
4.Volunterly Spreading the Informations one to one
5.Let the Banks Introduce this Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana in the Local via Television and Print Media with Cost-Effective manner.
6.Continuously Monitoring the Targets Reached by Data Collection.
Thanks
0 0 Serialized persons can not this benefit , because they have salary account . Rules are all persons are same.
0 0 Hi,
Sir.This is really a very good initiative on the part of country's progress.But I would only suggest that care must be taken so much that everything is perfect and no scam or scandals should take place in between the giver and taker.We all would appreciate if this program is a big success.
Thank You.
0 0 vision of jan dhan yojana must reach to people.we all know of people,some pensioners who need to be taken to banks-cant we make banks reach them for their needs.we ask them to get aadhaar card made whyn not banks call on them and help them get aadhaar card for their life verification online as planned.same issue goes to children why not school set camps to assist them with financial independence.planners should not only create avenues but also means to enable the dependent population of INDIA
0 0 PMJDY is really a good scheme covering all households. IN India, daily-wage-earners  just survive to live, even without a shelter above. Can they afford to access to  Govt.services? .
0 0 On 11 December 1964 ,Mr Asoka Mehta, the then Dy.Chairman, Planning Commission, boldly said : NO NEED FOR FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AFTER 1972: during his address at the Annual Meeting of the Federation of Associations of Small Scale Industries.. 42 Years past, did Planning Commission make it happen?
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna is verygood scheme.  to popularise this scheme snf to include all the persons, Bank should organise some camps in Residential Colony on working/non-working day so that every body will become account holder of this scheme.
0 0 resp. sir,  
       please connect this yojna with school and universities and make it compulsory to submit account  detail for all students who are enrolled..and for other class of people connect this yojna with ration card and make it compulsory for all citizen of India to make a note in ration card of their account number.make either of above options compulsery for every family.
0 1 To be very optimistic it can be thought about to replace election I'd card with aadhaar card.aadhaar card should be only acceptable identity,address proof document.
0 0 It is high time to phase out ration cards and make aadhaar cards only govt accepted document for availing different G2C services.
0 0 Govt should pass notification to make aadhaar card and Jan shan yojana bank account mandatory for all citizens of all ages.further penetration can be achieved by making it mandatory subsidy disbursal only to be done in aadhaar card linked bank account.
0 0 For existing aadhar card holders in case they don't have bank account auto account opening should be done for these cutizens, citizen details are already available in aadhaar database.
0 0 One suggestions for improving penetration of Jan dhaan yojana scheme is linking jaan shan yojana with aadhar card.in aadhaar card form there should be field for bank account details in case citizen is not having ban account , citizen should be enrolled for jan dhan yojana at time of aadhaar form submission, we can have one jan dhsn yojana desk at each of aadhaar enrollment center.for applicants below18 yrs child accounts, student accounts can be opened.
0 0 मेडिया के जाहिरात से प्रभावित होकर ये योजना का लाभ लेणे आते है. लेकीन बँक कर्मचारी उनकि सहायता नही कर रहे है. मै व्ही एल ई हू. रोज करीब ५० खाते बँक ऑफ इंडिया मे और पचास खाते स्टेट बँक मे खोलता हु. लेकीन स्टेट बँक कर्मचारी सहायता करते है लेकीन बँक ऑफ इंडिया वाले नही करते. मेरे करीब ७०० ग्राहक के खाता व्हेरीफाय बँक द्वारा प्रलंबित है  ३ माह से ज्यादा होगया. बँक कहती है इंटरनेट नही चल रहा/कर्मचारी कि कमी यादी कारण बताते है. इसलिये बँक को काल मर्यादा निश्चित आवश्यक है जीससे नागरीकोका सुविधा तुरंत दे
0 0 To cover maximum house holds under Jan Dhan Yojana, club it with AADHAR enrollments. As per reports in the news paper, AADHAR has been enrolled in 60-65% of households. For people already having AADHAR, check whether bank a/c is held by the person. If not open a new account. Make this mandatory for new AADHAR enrolments and facilitate this through AADHAR counters. Intensify AADHAR enrolments, fix legal loopholes in AADHAR -- only Indian citizens should be eligible for it.
0 0 If those above age 18 years but from poor families- it can be considered as scholarship, but school drop outs can use it for drug and throw it away after bad habits.
0 0 Only nationalized banks to be considered.Even post office savings bank also must be considered for remote areas.Do encourage savings so that people who do not withdraw 100% but retain some amount get higher cumulative interest. Consider women empowerment- that is let bank account be opened in the name of the wife daughter etc. Can anyone above 18 years open a bank account- though staying in a family? Thus sons, daughters etc - each can have independent bank accounts !!! Pl clarify.
0 0 O
0 0 We can use local volunteers such as college student . Two teams- one who identifies the person concerned and the other team to help with the documentatio . The other way is to create the account through Aadhar Card. It will be an enormous exercise but if we work just like the way census surveys work, visiting every household we will be able to achieve the objective. We just need to be selective here.
0 0 Opening a zero balance a/c is just start. Steps must be taken to aware out rural community to save their extra money in bank for their future. Most of the people of rural India are not aware of savings.
0 0 While this scheme is being hailed for bringing  inclusiveness, there is equal apprehension regarding its success other than huge number of bank accounts being opened. Reason for this apprehension is that due to lack of ATM facilities & bank branches in the remote locations, full benefit of this scheme cant be realised. My suggestion to this will be to depute a single authorized representative for all banks with each panchayat who can visit nearest possible branch/atm & do the transaction.
0 0 I’m sure that branch Managers has been given a mandate to open bank a/c. However, it would be more effective once they will visit each & every house/organize camps situated in their territory to complete a/c opening process
0 0 Campaign through electronic media & print media attracting towards to open PMJDY jojana bank account. I am VLE of Bhiwandi and about 100 to 150 customers are coming to take benifits of this scheme. I daily ragister about 50 benificiary in Bank of India and about 60 aacounts in State Bank of India. But Bank of India is not co-operate in this scheme. Till now there is 700 account verification is pending with bank. All these pending are more than 3 months. Hence Bank has to give time limit verific
0 0 few banks can join hands & conduct community camps for d benefit of opening new Acs. in rural areas village camps should be organised & in urban areas society camps should be organised.
0 0 Bank employees need to change their attitude. They should be friendlier to deal with customers. It became their habit to say ‘come tomorrow’ for the activities like issue of DD/FD/Cheque book etc.  At the same time vacancies should be filled without any further delay.
1 0 1)	Ask banks to organize camps, involve community (e.g Gram Panchayat, Schools and Hospitals)
2)	Involve Gramin Banks, 3) Involve Post office, 4) Start initiative to attract people 5)There are lot of clause in claiming accident insurance, which people are not aware.. this un awareness of people may backfire to the Govt.  So educate them and make process as simple as possible.
1 0 Please take an action against the bank managers who refuse to open a bank account in their branch or tech us their rules.
0 0 community banking ke liye mere pass poora format taiyaar hain iske aane sarkari razasv bhi badega jo ki trnsaction ka lagbhag 5 pratishat aur aur chalit mudra kosh arbo ka hoga jan dhan yojna ke saath yadi ise joda jaye to log seedhe labhanwit honge aur ek nayee aarthik neeti ka janm hoga jo madhyam varg aur nichle tabke ke liye hogi ismein amir log bhi sahbhagita ker sakte hain isko shuru kerne mein kewal 1 crore ki rashi paryapt hain hum sarkar her collector parisar kamre se sanchalit hoga
0 0 yadi aaj sarkar chahe to community banking ko chaaloo ker sakti hain jo ki khud community dwara sachalit kiya jaa sakta hain aaj sarkre yuvao ko loan ke liye bank ke chakker lagwati hain ek zaroorat mand vyakti bank ki thoker khata hain hum kyon nahee community banking ko badawa dete iske hone se naye rozgaar badenge,sarkar ki samajik vekas ke liye bank per nirbharta khatam hogi aur wahee bank per loan doobne ka khatra bhi kam hoga zroorat mand ko uski community he loan degi. community banking k
0 0 Increase the limit of deposit
0 0 Dear SIR
 This is a good process.  but in many bank taking to much time for opening account i.e. 2-3 months.. And i think this is wrong behavior because we are co-orporating you and what bankers do..... form not available, today Saturday, this is not a time to open jan dhan yojna a/c etc. this is a pretext i.e bankers say always..
0 0 Dear SIR
 This is a good process.  but in many bank taking to much time for opening account i.e. 2-3 months.. And i think this is wrong behavior because we are co-orporating you and what bankers do..... form not available, today Saturday, this is not a time to open jan dhan yojna a/c etc. this is a pretext i.e bankers say always..
0 0 Provide ELECTRONIC DATA CAPTURE MACHINE(EDC) to every cheap food-grain shop owner and provide electonic card to every beneficiary(like BPL card owner etc.).So that government can get data of how much food-grain is dispatched to people.By this way we can reduce the corruption and system will be transparent.It's my request to government to consider my suggestion.It will be definitely effective and trustworthy
0 0 It is very positive approach but at lower level like bank panchayat level a lot of cases of misuse is found.
0 0 It is very good thought. But the people has to think over this scheme. One Simple Statement can be announced i.e. after six or seven months there is no cash transactions in the country, it should be through Rupay or normal debit card. But it should have discussion  with every group of people before implementing. It can stop black money. With this every one try to open their account in this scheme.
0 0 PM JD Yojna can be made more advantageousness if Central Govt could take control of BOCW cess from  State Govts and workers can be benefited by way of direct transfer of regular benifit to labours. Re-draft BOCW/PF acts is reqd and labours should be facilitated  by minimising tedious formality of obtaining grant/registration etc in association with various organisation/dept of respective work area.Till adoption by Central Govt for BOCW act, intensive monitoring of BOCW fund is the need of time.
0 0 Please ensure banks have forms to open Jan Dhan bank accounts, there is no form available at IDBI bank at Pet Basheerabad, Hyderabad on Kompally Road for last 1 month and many families from our colony are trying to open an account but can't. Some banks may deliberately not issue forms after opening a certain number of accounts. Please ensure banks implement this excellent yojana in letter and spirit .
0 0 Through this Yojana Government should adopt a policy where BPL peoples are more benefitted from others.
0 0 Its so simple that every ward members of the concerned Panchayats are assigned the job with an extra honorarium.
0 0 there are many towns and villages but for every ward there is a ward member elected by people, so that appoint them as workers of that particular ward and assign the work of as u mention therefore whole the program will get it under your control. and proceed according to it.
0 0 as govt has data base from aadhar, pan, dl, voter id, birth record,pension,..etc. cross verify and check who doesn't have bank account. then from municipal/panchayat/corporation people along with bank staff nearer to place will visit them and can open account for all. ( may be length but can coverage maximum)
0 0 Engage young local volunteers with incentive packages. Give them the list of househlolds  yet to be enrolled and the leaflets regarding benefits of Jan Dhan Yoyona
0 0 1.The benefits available to the account holders need to be explained properly.
2.There is a lot confusion among prospective account holders over the benefits of this scheme.
Please clear the confusion.
2 0 1. Conduct special Aadhaar centres in all public schools/social centres.
2. Issue notice too all banks to make LINK bank accounts with their Adhaar numbers.
0 0 Really its a great initiative by Our Pradhanmantriji Shreeman Modiji who specially drive this movements that each indian citizen must have the saving Bnak account.Village panchayat along Sarpanch should be made responsible to ensure that each voter as per list has got Bank account or not and if somebody still missing must see that their account is opened.their must be option also with this Jan Dhan account for PPF account so that maximum ordinary villagers can take benefit of of saving in PPF.
0 0 Other day, I saw BJP karya sevak bringing a group of ladies to a Bank for getting PMJDY a/c opened in Loni Road area but have not seen it any where else in Delhi. Promote through BJP volunteers. Include Post Offices also in the scheme as poor countrymen feel Post Offices are better  and more secure place.
1 0 sab ko dikh raha hai ki achhe din aa gye hai
1 0 Request countrymen to promote PMJDY in next MAN KI BAAT. Our maid does not have one - prompting her to have one. A/C is opened in single name, make it joint. With>7000 crore rs. in these accounts, option for sweeping facility be added to benefit account holders by giving better returns.
1 0 This is an excellent opportunity for the people who never ever have had a bank account to idealize them. Every bit of information should be explained to the people before opening an account so that the misunderstandings should not occur. Because it looses the faith of our passionate PM towards their words and people's expectations. No doubt, the change is visible to all. But this is also true that Goverment should not take a single chance to loose its faith among people. Congratulations!
0 1 Banks must open a seperate counter for opening the new A/cs. so that the mess in the banks for people having different tasks in the branch should be avoided.
0 0 Clerks in the public banks should get some incentives to open a single PMJDY a/c.
1 0 mpjdy is good yojna mere yaha bahut logone acaunt khole ab sabhi ke pass rupeey card hai ab sabhi ke bachat ki subdha mili pm dhanybad
0 0 Every metro individual should take initiative and ensure that all members working at home, whether maidservant or driver must have a bank account and help them open an account
1 0 PMJDY along with Aadhaar can be base for solving several National Issues. Technology can help in maintaining complete record of Socio-Economic status of each citizen of India. Birth, Education, Jobs, Social Service, Aptitude, Professional Skills, Special Talent, Property and durable assets, Liquid asset (investments), Driving License, criminal record and any other relevant information which can help to ascertain what kind and how much financial help can make his work as an asset to the nation.
2 0 Public banks are forcing the poor people that they will not open the account untill they pay some money. This amount is ranging from Rs. 100 to 1000. I am sitting in SBI A P SEN ROAD Branch in Lucknow. A poor man with a lady came to the branch employee in the main desk and asked for "JAN DHAN KA ACCOUNT KHOLNA HAI"; firstly the employee denied and asked the couple that we don't open PMJDY A/cs and then he asked for Rs. 1000/- as principle amount. to open its A/cs. PM plese look into this. Thanks
0 0 It is a good scheme...My maid feel proud to have bank account in a nationalized bank...She is depositing Rs 500 per month...
0 0 It is really a nice scheme for the development of society and up liftment of socially discarded people. In Uttarakhand the banks are on road heads where as the villages are located in remote areas. For them cooperative fund raising scheme by the name 'gullak' or good luck can be started in the villages itself, and the amount so collected can be used for the common benefit. The villagers will enjoy contributing for common cause under the government guidance. 'Saathi haath badana' will unite the
0 0 PMJDY kya laabh hai sir jab aadami marega tabhi uske gharwalo ko paisa milega
A/C to bank me bhut khul gya hai lekin uska labh mil payega sir app batayein hain ki 5000 len den kar daskta hai
0 0 2011 census india 121 cr. rural - 83.3 cr. & urban - 37.7 cr. / rural UP - 15.51 cr., Bihar - 9.2 cr., & WB - 6.22 cr. total 30.93 cr. rest rural - 52.37 cr. / to open bank a/c photo identity & residential proof will be needed max indian have no proof. / sugg. 1. for existing people - camps (for new bank a/c - everything will be done) through administration Govt, PSU, State, NGO etc.(involve every indian) as on emergency rule within 25.01.2015
with regards - amit
1 0 PMJDY is a very good scheme for people having lower income, but is not beneficial for middle class family. I want to share my own story with all of you. I am working in New Delhi for the past 7 years but I have not been able to open a single account in Delhi due to non having address proof. RBI has recently issued a circular dated 10-Jun-14 for migrant workers but almost all of the banks are not following the same stating that their management has not issued any guideline for this.  9911721287
0 0 its really great scheme for social development,
We can use jan dhan scheme for following:
1, Link it to Unique id card
2, Link to Pension scheme
3, use for job less benefit
4, use to transfer direct money into account for any govt benefit scheme
5, close all ration card scheme (specially free or cheap food and oil shop) and use jan dham scheme for direct money in to account for beneficiary
6, Link UID,PAN, Driving licence, with Bank AC compulsory so GOVT can check criminal data
0 0 As soon someone joins PMJDY ask them whether he is having toilet or not if not display his address. Tex benefit can be given who adopt his toilet construction (max'm rate should be fix by govt. of India).Or sell bonds to taxpayer and confirm taxpayer that his bond value has been used in making so and so 's (with address)  toilet.
0 0 Link girl child education to food security & rural employment program. Link Skill development program to Corporate social responsibility program. Use Rural employment program to build houses, schools, roads, canals, irrigation projects and other rural projects for the villages. 1 girl child put in school till graduation 1 parent gets free ration and employment. 2 girl child then both parents get the benefit. More than 2 girl children then siblings also get the benefit. If required I can explain.
0 0 A mobile number issued from government is to be carried by every individual as their identity. and every its and buts will be messaged to that. THere should be offices that will handle such work and let people get their work easily understand. Besides, there is to be cctv solution implemented such that using a technology that will have control over all the system . (I will directly tell the Prime Minister about the technology instead of posting.
0 0 There is another way of enlarging this PMJDY plan:
Why not as soon as child take birth, he/she must passess their account in bank as its registration for birth certificate and it should be responsibility of hospitals/ gram pradhan in villages????
0 0 Set up kiosks at PDS outlets and publicise for all to open the account.this way every house hold will have at least one account.
0 0 Some % of saving shoud be given as bonus to encourage savings of poors under this yojna. ie: 10% bonus on saving monthly/ quaterly/ yearly ...
0 0 Dear Mr. Damle, There are many work in society where cost/ bnefit ratio has no value when you plan for uplift of society status by providing direct benefits to each individuals beyond corruption in system. PMJDY plan is a one step the next might be deposition of their national benefits then automatically it will be operative. The same thought was when we were taking salry in cash that later turned to directly depositing in our salary a/c that saved time and gave tremendous change in society.
0 0 In My point of view all houses can have bank account by campaigns like polio drops campaign which made our country free from poliomyelitis disease in the same manner bank personnel can be used for complete this mission and also care should be taken that people should not have to pay any fees for personnel of bank
0 0 people may be allowed to open savings account under this scheme in private sector banks also.
0 0 As for the pension scheme to the senior citizen without any support from the children and pre-existing savings /pension etc and  living independently may be provided with a minimum pension of Rs 10,000/- in case of couples and Rs 5000/- in case of individuals which may cover a square meal and necessary medicines . THE  DC SHOULD BE EMPOWERED TO CERTIFY SUCH CASES WITH PROPER DOCUMENTARY PROOFS ( THIS IS A SKELETAL SUGGESTION WHICH CAN BE MODIFIED WITH PROPER DOCUMENTATION PROCESS) RAMAMURTHY
0 0 ADV TO ALL PEOPLE A/C OPENING IS MANDATARY & ALSO ANOUANCE THE FACILITY THIS A/C,ALL GOVT SUBSIDERY PAY THROUGH THE A/C  FOR PRADHANMANTRI JAN DHAN YOJANA.
0 0 I feel, it is sheer waste of time, money and energy. At present, there are lakhs of savings accounts with banks, which are non-operative. Please don't add crores of accounts to non-operative accounts. All actions should be taken using commercial sense; and looking to the Cost Benefit Ratio.
0 0 To ensure that each family in our country posses bank account, we may have participation through school/ college students/ NGO/ and other national and state organizations to encourage people by providing them sectors - area/ villages/ muhallas etc. most poor people do not even attached with media/ print they listen many things orally more better. This participation may be for a week/ fortnight etc. There should be a system that may provide better feedback on opening account under this plan.
0 0 Dhan Yojana is a very good step for all Indian people, But Sir increasing cash limit this account and credit/Debit. My Second Suggestion sir under Common Service Center opening account holder cash credit/Debit also in Related Bank whose attach CSC Bc.
0 0 Similar option of Gold banking is also essential. Give quota to every state to hold gold reserves (RBI type arrangement for each state), to public limited company (some incentives for such deposits). An alternate to SENSEX to have Indian gold market rates. This will be bank to have a NPA with increasing fundamentals of the bank.
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन—धन योजना के तहत खुलने वाले आधार कार्ड से लिंक्ड बेंक खातों पर किसी प्रकार की बन्दिश नहीं होनी चाहिए। क्योंकि जिनका पहले से ही किसी बेंक में खाता है और उस खाते में पचास हजार से उपर का लेनदेन होता है वह व्यक्ति उस खाते को इस योजना से नहीं जोड सकता और उसे मजबूरन दूसरे बेंक में खाता खुलवाना पडेगा। जिससे ग्राहक व बेंक का कार्यभार बढ जायेगा। अत: इस खाते को सामान्य बचत खाते के तहत खोले जायें।
0 0 Respected Sir,
All govt bank account ban on cashwithdrawal . All transactions beneficiaries and vendors payment only paid by account payee cheque / transfer by pfms .
0 0 Limit subsidy period to just 6 months and cross check need before releasing again.Try to give money into bank account and also try to give job so that they can get job and stand on own legs. Never beyond 2 years. For old, helpless people exceptions can be made, but make 100% sure. Ensure money transfer only to one person one bank account per family. Make police verification / background of beneficiary.
0 0 First of all banks are not intrested. They say we have no forms..lots of peoples are on weighting etc etc.they dont want to do this. Another reason given was this scheme is only for puarity level people.
0 0 Good. We can pump money in the account of  the people for relief purpose and subsidy, and will help grow confidence. If payment of salary to labor (by private firms as well as by government) and others be mandated by chaques, or bank transfer, this will help stop exploitation of even child labor, and payment diversity male and female labor. This will reduce the trend of investment in gold (especially by farmers in rural areas). Can we suggest similar, reliable option for gold banking also.
0 0 We should include NGO'S in this great initiative. Some very good NGO'S work at the grassroot level and they can reach out to Indians who still don't have a bank account to guide them to a bank. The rest from there should be done by the bank.
0 0 I am an BJP member ,All my Voting chance i have recorded for BJP,and still i will do that.But the concern is y u all politician r not taking serious action against Breaking old laws and creating new laws.PLease check this below link.http://tamil.oneindia.com/news/india/super-model-actor-shenaz-treasurywa...
0 0 http://tamil.oneindia.com/news/india/super-model-actor-shenaz-treasurywa...
1 0 why cant a adhar card number itself become a bank account?
0 0 Sir, Only poor families in taluka and district level are opening accounts where as the villagers are not aware nor opening accounts. Because they need to come to city for opening account. Again it will not happen in one day as there will be rush or other reasons like improper documentation etc. So to cover village people, assign villages (based on population strength) to the banks in that taluka. Secondly the Gram Panchayats should be given responsibility to cover all people under its jurisdict.
1 0 continues from the last post In driving specially in the nights a driver of a private or commercial vehicle should log in on the transport department website with his this number so he can be traced easily due to this our system get smoothened and crimes and corruption get drastically came down. check this video also http://youtu.be/aYp1KkV2oL4
Thanks
0 0 Jan Dhan Yojana is a very good step towards financial inclusion. There are many illiterate people who would like to save money but cannot operate bank account mainly because they cannot sign. We need to have biometric/thumb verification as an alternative. That will help us include more people into this yojana.
1 0 . This can be real aadhar number for
any person and the fastest mathematical solution of all types of problems like corruption, kala dhan security issues, jan dhan yojna etc. in india
in india there are so many numbers for him voh jahan bhi jata hai use ek number mil jata hai isse our admin get bursted log easily wrong work karte hain because they know no body can trace him or her.
1 0 First of all give proper guidelines to all banks how to open an account in PMJDY scheme.  Give an opportunity to every citizen of India to open PMJDY account without any bar.  All subsidies / benefits / scholarships / insurance / pension etc., disburse only through  this account. Time being link Aadhaar to this account.  Give common forms to all banks for opening this account. Give more publicity through medias such as News papers / Doordarshan / AIR / other cable TV Channels etc.
1 0 continues
in this method we can change or modify or upgrade more information as per requirement about that person which can be available anywhere for his identity and for all purposes. By using this we can also know how many people in a particular house/area/zone etc for making policies etc. due to this houses get their unique identity as well this type of coding is must otherwise after sometime population rise and we have to make more efforts for this bharat ka ganit aise hi thik ho sakta hai
0 0 thanks for giving oppurtunity to share my ideas with my government
BPL members are  collect their ration   every month in ration shops. If every ration shop collects households bank accounts in their area, every household alert to open bank accounts.
  Every children in Anganwadi centers and also every student submit their parents bank accounts in high school may be implement JDY in households
1 0 We have 125 +crore population so on an average of approx 32 crores families (by taking 4 persons in a family) so this work can be easily done by govt department election commission because they have most authentic and almost all data of india this data can be easily given in addition my concept based numbers  in a unique identity number for himself or herself or for anybody by using pin code, area/zone  code, ward or sector number, house number and then his or her name which is unique and in thi
0 0 (1) Feedback from Bank Management to the Govt. about the success of the scheme is not enough. Independent and exhaustive survey involving end users, Bank staff and Bank Unions must be done to assess (a) motivation levels of bank staff in implementing the scheme (b) satisfaction of families covered regarding the utility of the scheme for them and (c) cost incurred must, be done to improve the scheme. (2) On 11th Dec. Core Banking at a Post Office was done in Calcutta. Extend this country-wide.
0 0 Jan Dhan Yojana is a brilliant idea which has the potential to wipe out middleman corruption in one stroke. This however would not be possible if the poor section of the society do not know how to avail of the facilities. I know several such people who had been intrigued by the scheme but did not join the scheme as they did not understand the terms or were afraid of the imagined risks involved. There should be camps held where they are explained the details. This would again stop middlemen.
0 0 aapke sansad sunil singh jharkhand ke chatra jille main kuch kam abhi tak nahi kiye hai sabse bada mudda bijali hai
0 0 Respected Sir,
Jharkhand ke chatra jille ke simariya vidhansabha ke pathalgada block main bijali nahi hai sir bijali ka pol hai 24 ghante main 1 ghante bhi bijali nahi rahti hai bijali hone ce kisano ke liye labhdayak hoga
0 0 Sir,
- Bank should visit nearby societies where all household have domestic service. Bank should cover all of these.
- Continue to open twice a week temporary temp in remote village area.
- In every campaign rally you can request all of them to open the account (If its allowed as Election Code Conduct).
- Every MP should be asked to submit a report weekly to tell how many account.
- Every state govt should ask their MLA to do the same (atleast BJP run state can do it very well).
0 0 Road toll tax must be pay by card or by standard card issued by taking some advance. Due to long queues at toll gate waste of fuel and time.
1 0 महोदय वर्तमान में सभी राष्‍ट्रीय बैंकों में बचत खाता 6 माह तक बिना किसी लेनदेन पर अपरिचालित खाते में डाल दिया जाता है, जनधन योजना के अंतर्गत अर्थाभाव के कारण यदि किसी खाते में 6 माह में कोई लेनदेन नहीं होता है तो भी उसे अपरिचालित कर बंद नहीं  करना चाहिये । जनधन योजना के अंतर्गत खोले गये खातों को बैंकों के द्वारा जारी कई योजनाओं की सूचना खाताधारकों को मोबाइल अथवा अन्‍य माध्‍यम से नियमित दी जाती रहना चाहिये ।
0 0 Jan Dhan Yojna is very good scheme for Poor man we are like this scheme and thanks to BJP Govt. please more improvement about this scheme benefit for poor man once again thanks
1 0 Sir, My suggestion for JAN DHAN YOJNA is that the Banks should give a loyal guidence to the people who are willing to open an account. I suggested about 15 to 20 people to open an account.  Now when they go to the banks the bankers instead of helping them, ask such question in such a manner that the person opening the account gets compleatly confused. The simple thing is that the banks should make the terms of opening the a/c clear and simple. Many time the FORMS are not available
Nitin Sur
1 0 1. All the saving bank account old or new should be covered under yojna.
2. These may also be linked to adhar .
3. Debit card and netbanking may be provided to each account.
4. All benifit may be credited to only these accounts i.e. gas subsidy ,pension, salary , schoolership any other benifit etc.
5. This account may als be allowed as a proof of identity.
6. Village Sarpanch , MC members made responsible for opening accounts for peoples in that area.
0 0 Dear Sir,
In any constrain Rape should not happen in India ,here after.IF a person rape an MP or MLAs family girls will the goverment keep watching.Kindly change the old law and make new one which should hang the person if confirm.
1 0 mp's and mla's should direct ward presidents to go door to door along with party workers and checkout weather all families are benefited,banks to arrange camps in each and every locality at the earliest. this one best method to my knowledge.
0 0 I will only say one thing that aadhaar card & Pan card should be compulsory used in each and every where to control corruption.
Best regards
Bholanath mahata
0 0 Use Jan-Dhan Yojana to eliminate Kala-Dhan. All payments and expenditure be made through Debit card or Cheque or online transaction. Introduce micro ATMs for cash withdrawal and deposits in rural areas. Abolish Income Tax and introduce bank transaction / expenditure tax. Withdraw all 1000 and 500 currency notes after Jan-Dhan Yojan is fully established
0 0 1.A few poor people deposited Jan Dhan Application forms with PNB in C Block Vasant Vihar. No response so far.
2.No clarity whether those having a MNREGA account have to open another account?
3.Whether those already having S.B.Account will have the advantage of Rs 30,000/- and Rs 1 Lakh ?
4. Whether even minors can open the account?
5. Some banks have been unauthorisedly asking initial deposits of varying amount. Pl discipline them
Please conform all these points. Dr Vijay Kumar 9868115354
0 0 1-issue passbook to each customer for improving faith because BUISNESS CORRESSPONDENT of SBI has not authority to issue pass book of their customers.2-BC can see mini statement of csp customers.3-rural people's finger not matches on bio-metric device therefore customers not interested to do transaction at csp.please arrange alternate mtehod to wdl of a/c.4-increase/revise commission of BC bceause BCs are getting commission according to before 5 years manual.
0 0 1. Many tv newschannel show/critisize by taking interview 0f poor family from villages that claims by government of opening the accounts are false.
I suggest that TV channels should also guide the families by explaining them the system of opening account.
TV channels must go to the bank where they say that bank has refused to open the account !!!
0 0 This Bank account scheme must be extended further to fight black economy within the country. The employers in MSME and other industrial and services sectors should be encouraged or it should be made mandatory to pay salary above Rs5000 to employees by bank transaction only. This will automatically make the business more white and will establish authenticity of wages paid without maintaining written records. of salary accounts.
0 0 For PMJDY Suggestions
A) Avail services of following departments to create awareness and possible enrolling of house holds
1. Public Distribution System (PDS)
2. Regional transport offices
3. Post offices (especially delivery staff)
4. Govt. Hospital
B) Tie up with mobile operators to offer "free talk time" for new joiners on PMJDY
0 0 - OTP authentication in vernaculars will make scheme accessible to masses in the interiors
- All transactions via sms with OTP provided identity is verified  by AADHAR-UID or PIN before sending OTP for any transaction - to prevent theft and cheating.
- A nominal cash incentive to be offered via SMS and PIN based verification.
- To minimize ghost recruitment check address, AADHAR, ration card, voter id card numbers.
0 0 Pl deposit some money in bank holder accounts. this will automatically attract more people to open bank account.
0 0 1. UID to be created by post office staff.
2. Post office bank to have uid account no.'s
3. Post office to be provided better funding  & segregate PO bank as a sister concern.
4. Indian currency to be re-evaluated and exchanged for new plastic notes.
5. PO banks to issue eftpos card for free & debit card to have a fee of 10 rs per year.
6. Free payment gateway to be established, with no merchant account fee from PO bank. Low cost eftpos machines for all sme and vendors.
0 0 I am an Architect from India and MBA from US. I was the president on a IT Hardware company for 11 years. I am creating the largest online radio for the Indian Community from Phoenix, Arizona. USA. We can help connect the NRI community and eventually motivate them to Invest in INDIA. More INDIAN companies, More INDIAN JOBS so that a motivated youth can help feed our FARMERS who are the BACKBONE of INDIA. Please listen to some of our podcasts. www.RadioGoogly.com
0 0 All public dealing department should suggest for it by putting a stamp on their legal or dealing paper like prescription paper in hospital.
0 0 WELL,WELL,WELL AND WELL FIRST I CONGRATULATE AND THANKS TO THE HON. MR. PM OF THE MODERN HINDUSTAN WITH HIS ALL THE MINISTRY GROUP FOR THE STARTING THE PRADHAN MANTRI JAN DHAN YOJANA SCHEME FOR THE NOT ONLY POOR FAMILY,MIDDLE FAMILY BUT ALSO FOR EVERYONE FOR THE REAL WELFARE AND MARYADA OF THE MODERN HINDUSTAN FOR ITS REAL PEOPLE FOR TODAY,TOMMORROW AND FOREVER.SO,I HOPE THAT THIS WOULD BE A REAL UNIVERSAL MARVELOUS SUCCESS.WITH GOOD REGARDS.GOD GRACE.THANKS.OK AND BY.TATHA ASTU AND VIJAY BHAWA.
0 0 PMJDY current method discriminates between poor, middle class and rich people. Best practice is govt take initiative and proactively open inactive bank account in State Bank of India as suggested  in my earlier suggestion.
0 0 Transparency, accountability & tracking the fund would be easier if the accounts are under one domain i.e. one National instead of multiple national Bank so nobody can question past, present and future government otherwise it leads to scams.
0 0 UPA created Aadhar with cash for vote in mind and sipend govt fund, If BJP govt does not want to mis-use it would have scrapped Aadhar by now
0 0 What BJP Govt can do is use details on Voter ID as unique number and voter Name to create bank account, govt themselves could have opened Inactive Bank account in any one National Bank say State Bank of India of those who voted during 2014 Election in first phase. Send communication letter to voter requesting him/her to visit the bank with voter id along with letter received and get the bank account activated. Next phase target people who could not vote people between age group of 11~18 years.
0 0 Its such a fraud scheme that Lok Sabha is arranging for MPs in Parliament today i.e 12 December 2014 at 3pm. Ridiculous law themseves never trusted this scheme.
0 0 Fraud scheme, user data was compromised by third party vendor carrying biometric information on pen drive, many bogus Aadhar card were created. Even today after one year I have not received my Aadhar card though it says its generated I doubt my card being mis-used by somebody else. Scrap Aadhar card because data handling was not done correctly. IT fool Nandan Nilekani could not setup centralized server and get data uploaded directly from Kiosk where user goes for finger printing.
0 0 set daily and monthly wages a little bit higher than usual (and make it compulsory), to people with a bank account under PMJDY.
0 0 Mere opening of account under the scheme will not achieve the purpose
For that we need to motivate people of lower income group to deposite any amount on daily basis in the evening a bank representative visit their area to collect money
Main benifit from that is these people will not waste their money in alcohol or other products if same kind
And second the chit fund companies who collect money and run away can also be restricted
A good return should provided to the investor at list 8-10%
0 0 The scheme created by Respected Pradhan Matri, is an excellent which no one has done till todate.  Amazing things have happened since he came in rule.  He has the most amazing thoughts and proactive in making things happen.  To be more effective, the Govt. needs to emphasize more by advertising on Radio, TV, and by sending officials to villages, as there are people out there, who have no idea of what this scheme can do for them, and also to prove to them the benefits of this scheme.
0 0 For better implementation of the scheme, more publicity in regional language is required.
0 0 Aadaraniya Modiji,I am a Bank employee & I feel that this scheme which is meant for the poorest of poors who have no accounts in Banks, is being utilised by affluent part of our society in the towns to take advantage of the benefits of this scheme,just as the noted misuse of benefits for the women & the downtrodden under the law.
Regards.
0 0 Respected PM sir,  some villages are still not come forward to open the account as they  are illitarate and need support of literate persons.  Hence request you to order all school teachers,  gram towns or panchayats to help the needy people at their respective areas.  In this manner we will be able to cover maximum peoples to reach our mile stone..  Jai Bharat Mata..
0 0 Good Evening,
Regarding Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, For increasing the numbers of new accounts by opening a account home to home system by like private banking. every bank of near branch divide the areas the complete the task for opening. because most of person saying that bank admin/ officers never guide and its true i see it in bank mostly... and every bank needs a complaint and having on targeting actions. Simply bank ko logo ke ghar jana padega n open account and guide him local n easy .
0 0 The contract labours are the largest works force in India. Payments to these labours was paid less by the contractors in most cases.  If an ordinance is promulgated to make all the payments to the contract labours through cheque or direct deposit in to their bank accounts, will automatically result in opening of maximum bank accounts within short time.  The responsibility must be fixed on the Principal Employers.  It will ensure more transparent, timely and compliance of min. wages in one go.
0 0 एक बात और बताना चाहुगा कि एक और प्रधानमंत्रीजी हर इंसान का बैंक मे खाता होने की बात करते है जो जमीन स्तर पर सम्भव नही है क्योकि बैंक को ग्राम या शहर के बारे मे यह जानकारी नही है कि यहा की आबादी क्या है और कितने लोगो का खाता खुला है और कितने लोग बाकी है, साथ ही स्टाफ भी कम है इसके अलावा ग्राम पंचायत लेवल पर सचिव और सरपंच या शहर मे नगर परिषद अध्यक्ष और पार्शद इस काम मे रुचि नही दिखा रहे है। इसलिये इनको सख्त किया जाये, साथ ही लोगो को सामाजिक संस्थाओ द्वारा अभीयान चलाकर जागरुक करना चाहिये। धन्यवाद !
0 0 1) NOT ALL households need to open bank accounts under this 0 balance scheme. First publish the objectives of Yojana, and statistics of how many a/c holders are really the right target, and how many are not the intended ones.
2) Advertise on all media a toll-free phone number for people to call and seek a Yojana person to visit their home and collect documents to open a/c.
3) Scrutinize the docs fully and only then open the a/c.
4) Close all ineligible a/cs opened earlier thru this Yojana.
0 0 Please ensure that all Government Payments are made through only bank accounts irrespective of the amount disbursed.  Also make necessary arrangement in government offices to make the payments by citizens through their Debit Cards given by the Bank.  This will help the government to monitor the receipt and expenditure.  Particularly it can be seen that no any particular contractors who are favourable to Panchayath Memberas,, Politicians are given contracts frequently.
0 0 Sir, Opening bank accounts becomes difficult for covering up huge populations, think of opening PMJDY accounts in Post Offices as an alternate; By this public would also get various benefits on Insurance, Saving scheme, deposits. MIS at post office.  Also, people who open a/c under PMJDY should get all important benefis under Income tax in proportion to the money which they deposit in these A/cs. Probably this method would benefit both Govt & A/c holders a lot !!
0 0 Mera sujhav hai ke yadi sabhi jimmedar indian citizen, NGOs, or bjp members milkar volenteers ke tarah kam karen aur ek person at least 5 logon ka account khulwane main help kare to bahut achcha hoga kam se kam hum hamare servants ke help o kar he sakte hain
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana is best scheme
for poor and back word people.The people go to bank and feel credit because now they have also a bank card and some money which is there's own property.Now the people whome are out of banks,now they are inter in the bank this is the achievements of PMJDY. There is some problem in any work so go to bank and open a account is not a big things
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना के अंतर्गत खोले जाने वाले खातो मे लोगो को योजना का लाभ कैसे मिलेगा यह अब तक ना लोगो को मालुम है और ना ही सम्बंधित बैंक को । इस सम्बंध मे कोई प्रमाण नही है और ना ही लोगो को यह पता है कि जो खाते 15 अगस्त के पह्ले खोले गये क्या वे भी इस योजना के अंतर्गत आएगे या इसके लिये दुसरा खाता खुलवाना पडेगा । यहा तक कि लोगो के मन मे भ्रम की स्तिथि है कि उनके खाते मे सरकार द्वारा ढेर सारा रुपया जमा किया जावेगा। इन सभी समस्याओ को गौर से देखे तो यह योजना अभी अधुरी है जो पूरी होना बाकी है।
0 0 Sir, The money collected from PMJDY can be very well utilised for d people who opened these accounts; This fund, probably used as "Debentures" who deposited in PSU's bank A/cs & provide subsidy under LPG,Electricity, Water & Food grains for these account holders.  Also, make these A/c holders as partners for future development of the country and profit earned out of this fund may be given as Dividend to these poor people; This would definitely earn more deposits & benefit both Govt & Public.
0 0 Hello. I just wanted to share something which possibly won't fit in this much space. Actually I tried sending you an email on admin@mygov.in. But send me some alternative option to share the big thing. Please.
Regards,
Pareen.
0 0 That's good to hear about the jan dhan yojgna .but the main problem that we now face is of delivering services at proper time.i think if services are provided on time ,every time than lots can be improved.use latest technolgy .directly.people who have andriod ,ios,bbm tell them directly to acces their account through the smartphone app.it will save lots of trees,plus people who do not have should be given service and one day they will also buy smartphone leading to advancement of technology.
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना मे अधिकतम खाता खोलने के लिए यह आवश्यक है कि संभावित सभी उन दम्पतियों का खाता खोलने के लिए प्रेरित किया  जाय जो भविष्य में किसी प्रकारका सरकारी लाभ लेने  की उम्मीद रखतेहैं और यह कार्य आंगनबाड़ी कार्यकर्त्री एवं आशा का सहयोग से कियाजा सकता है
0 0 According to my personal experience in Bongaigaon ICICI Bank... Bank employees are not interested to opening Account under PMJDY and suggest me that some third party are opening this account...Bank is not opening this account.....is it true or not...???
0 0 Please extend the program to colleges in INDIA so that students can easily open their account. conduct "Bank Fair" means in every village a nationalized bank must conduct a camp to reach to people.
0 1 Sir, We are facing a lot of problem for open an account under UCO Bank which is near of our village. Bank personnel told that our representative will visit all houses & open their bank account. But till date no body came. For that reason so many people is not able to open their account. Please accept my request & investigate this matter. Bank Address - UCO BANK, AT-KUANPAL, P.S-MAHANGA, DIST-CUTTACK, STATE-ODISHA. In this case I'll help some people to get their right. Thank You...........
0 0 Provide an online portal for opening online PMJDY account because lots of people don't have enough time to do this.....
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना मे अधिकतम खाता खोलने के लिए आंगनबाड़ी कार्यकर्त्री एवं आशा का सहयोग लेने की आवश्यकता है इनके सभी लाभार्ति परिवार का सर्वे इनके माध्यम से कराया जाये और बैंक को निर्देश दिया जाये की इनके माध्यम से प्रस्तुत सभी खातो को नियमानुसार कागजात पूर्ण होने की स्तिथि में खोल दिए जाये .....
0 0 Order to all Telecom Operators to call each & every users from their own customer care call centre also SMS to each mobile users & share the PMJDY information and motivate them with its importance....
0 1 please issue A special PASSBOOK for this A/Cs
0 1 incountrymiilion'sofpeoplearetherewhodoesnothavephotoindentyinthiscasetheycannotopenaaccountinbank.govermentthingonthisproblem&givetheoptionforopeninga account.
1 0 Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana is an excellent platform to eradicate black money. Following suggested: a) All high value transaction to be made only through banking system like cheque, DD, online and electronic.b) Fix limit of cash transaction and no taxing on cash transaction. c) For Govt. revenue collection introduce single point tax system through banking system – Banking Transaction Tax (2% to 0.7%) on only Credit Amount d) Demonitise currencies of 1000, 500 and 100 e)Popularise Debit card
0 0 Wages and payments by government or non government organisations should be made by direct bank transfer. All bills; electricity, water, gas , rations from government depots, kids school fee etc should be made payable by direct bank transfer or direct debit.
0 0 Those citizens who have not been at any of the government to uch points like ration card, bank account, electricity meter, LPG subsidy should be encouraged by the corporation authorities to come forward to register themselves.
0 0 1. All State Transport Conductors can ask the passengers while giving the ticket " Kya Aap ka Bank account Hai?"
2. All teachers can ask their pupils to check with their parents and give feedback to teachers that they have the bank account or not.
3.Small Stickers can be put behind trucks, cars, two wheeler "Do U Have Bank Account"
4. All tea vendors and PAAN THELAS can have stickers " Kya aap ne Bank account Khulvaya?
5.Industry can give feedback for the % coverage for temporory workers a/c
0 0 Bank's role and participation is crucial for the success of jan dhan yojna. So the to every and each citizen we should bring together banks, NGOs and local bodies together. A perticular service area for a branch of any bank should be alloted to open account with the support of local bodies and  NGOs and Business Correspondents(BCs) should be appointed at instances of Gram Panchayat to get better connectivity between the bank and recipients. BCs should be monetarily incentivised to increase net.
0 0 First time LPG subsidy can be used to open savings accounts at banks. Government can issue token receipts with information of Aadhar number and the subsidy amount to enable banks open accounts.
0 0 All MGNERGA payment should be made through Bank accts, other social scheme payments should also be made through banks.
0 0 Since we have a very short time before the end date, this method reaching the citizens through mobile or citizens reaching the Government through SMS, with their name, could produce a near 90 pc result.
1 0 Think about to start totally new "Jan Dhan Bank" only for those who do not have bank accounts at all. In this bank make procedures and forms as simple as possible to open and to operate bank accounts in regional languages only. Retired bank officials may be used in such banks. This will reduce burden on the existing banks due to jan dhan yojana as existing bank staff is being used for this good yojana. Jan Dhan bank will be back bone for poorest of the poor people to come in main stream.
0 0 Bank employees are giving full effort to PMJDY.But their wage revision...................? If u do salary hike , they will do their best......
0 0 Govt may think of asking all Indian citizens to SMS their principle account along with their mobile number, through their mobile number to a generic number created for this purpose,  as nowadays Banks are working under Core Banking system, this could be matched easily. The mobile phone used for registering one account number, may be disabled for further attempts. Since, almost 1 billion people are having mobile phones, we can easily cover majority of the people especially needy and BPL.
0 0 There should be training camps for making the people to learn how to use their RuPay cards.
0 0 I request finance minister to instruct banks to allow zero balance as some banks charge penalty for lower than minimum balance.
Some banks have stopped withdrawal slips (Union Bank of India ) and compulsory withdrawal by cheque. Now cheque book costs and jan dhan account holders can not afford.
Some poor people have opened an account for linking it to gas subsidy. The same can be converted to jan dhan account. But banks are forcing to open a new account. No restrictions to be kept on account
0 1 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना में खाताधारकों के लिए संयुक्त या सिंगल खाताधारकों को लाभ मिलेगा यह निर्देशित किया जाये।  हर एक सिंगल खाता धारक के लिए नामांकन अनिवार्य किया जाये ताकि एक लाख रुपये की दुर्घटना बीमे की रक्कम पा सके। ग्रामीण भागो में पोस्ट ऑफिस ज्यादा संख्या में होने के कारन पोस्ट ऑफिस के बचत खातों में भी यह योजना शुरू की जाये
0 0 this is used for those have not bank account , and who have not more id proof . This account for normal person and poor people who have not more money for saving . For request ,to people they have one account would not open new account
0 0 First system should be corruption free.  More system enable a culture of corruption. Domestic Gas Service  to be under Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana.
0 0 All government benefit given to general public should be made mandatory through bank accounts only
1 0 Generic medical stores
Govt can start pharma company and manufacture own drugs instead of giving tenders to other companies & drugs available at generic stores.govt can run their own generic stores also. This is helpful for patients & job vacancies also available for pharma students , graduates, post graduates(MBA)& others. Atleast 1manufacture unit in every state and two generic medical stores in district, 1store between 4 PHC.
1 0 bank officers and staff should not discourage the applicants, not to go for pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana account,  stationery should be available for the applicants,  as in pune city, nationalised banks, do not provide the application forms, specially for minor accounts.
0 0 It is very good idea and better to involve all the banks even private banks also so that good service can be provided to the people. Government should stop giving free things unless if it is emergency so that people will start working. My intention is STOP GIVING FREE..START CREATING OPPORTUNITY. Every one will work and will see active INDIA with active people.
1 0 Please credit these accounts with various subsidies given to individuals such as food,Kerosene,gas etc so that the individual can by them at market prices and leakage of subsidies will be minimized
8 0 1- One INDIA/ One Family Scheme: Free Provide to Citizen/Family - One Govt. account, One Govt. insurance, One Govt. ATM like RuPay Debit Cards, All india One Govt. pension scheme after 58/60 yrs. Etc. All govt. Transaction services @ One Account. 2- Bank account number portability. 3- USSD based transaction *99# : Charges free by the Telecom Operator But limited Transaction per day/ per month. after charges apply. 4- Bank Appoint to BC (Local young People) GP/ Village Level . there service area.
1 0 Please note it requires total revamp in our PSU Banking system, culture , mindset - its a big and foremost-vital issue like backbone of Economy-- hence I request for the meeting with Honbl PM and FM jointly,please communicate accordingly in national interest
Regards
ADITYA GARG
MUMBAI
0 0 This is the time to utilise the postal network which operates in most of the towns villages etc. The post office banking is then easily approachable to the rural public. Further health insurance scheme can be initiated through this network. This insurance should cover most of diseases across all hospital.Further improving the govt. clinics and hospital would give the rural group an assurance of good health at affordable price.
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी मै आपको बताना चाहूँगा की कुछ बैंको में प्रधनमंत्री जन धन योजना का फॉर्म एक्सेप्ट नहीं कर रहे है व प्रूफ के तोर पर आधार कार्ड के आलावा एक अन्य डॉक्यूमेंट भी मांग रहे है जबकि उनका पता चेंज भी नहीं है
मै आपको दो बैंक के नाम बताना चाहूंगा १. Central Bnak Of India Suket Kota Rajasthan pincode 326530 २. SBBJ BANK KUDAYLA  Ramganjmandi Kota Rajasthan  pincode 326519
0 0 sabse badi samashya hai bhikshavritti kripaya aap bhikhariyon ke liye koi plan banayein jisse ki inka door to door jaake bjeekh magna band ho inke bachche bheekh na maange. inke sar par chhat ho thandi garmi loo se inki maut na ho footpath me sona band ho inhe ek social lable mil sake. hospitality aur govt ki anya yojanwo ka laabh mil sake govt ko inke liye majboot kadam uthana zaroori hai. jandhan yojana ghar2 karmchari jaake kholein
0 0 Involve all statutory bodies like,cooperative societies,urban banks,post offices in the process.Camp approach amy b adopted.Outsourcing may also b considered.All statutory NBFCs may also be involved.Use of biometrics may b adopted for illiterate ppl. Banking correspondent scheme may also  b used.
0 0 Im writing separetely on direct mail ID pmo@gov.in regarding suggestions towards improvement in Public sector banks towards national objects and towards real economic growth with growth in per capita income
0 0 २ खाता खोलने का प्रोसेस ऑनलाइन कर दिया जाये जिसे जरुरत मंद व्यक्ति  डॉक्यूमेंट अपलोड करके खाता खोलने का फॉर्म भर सके व उस फॉर्म को चयनित बैंक के पास फॉरवर्ड कर दिया जाये जिससे समय की बचत होगी व बैंक कर्मचारियों का काम केवल फॉर्म को एक्सेप्ट कर डायरी बनाना होगा जिसे प्रार्थी कभी भी बैंक में जाकर प्राप्त कर सके
1 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी मेरा सुझाव है की
  १ क्यों  न २६  जनवरी से पहले प्रत्येक  गाँव में दो दिन का शिविर आयोजित किया जाये जिसकी सुचना गांव वासियो को ३ - ४ दिन पहले से ही एलान करके दी जाये इसमें प्राइवेट लोगो को भी कुछ समय के लगा दिया जाये
1 0 jan dhan yojna is very good yojna this is provide bank account.
many peoples in india .those people who want to open a account but not open
because to open account minimum rupees required is 500 to 10000. but now the account is open free of cost .
this is a good for every people to open a account in bank.
so i can say the jan dhan yojna is good for every indian people.
THANK YOU MY PM
0 0 This is 1st step to include the people of below poverty line- lot has to be done and with the present PSU Banks Management those who dont even understand the mandate of Nationalisation -would b not possible to enhance the per capita income of BPL citizens,their mind set - attitude & working culture as they have sick and mentality with mental slaveness towards capitalists,which is to be revamped- their patriotism level with banking knowledge are to enhanced - presently they work with clerical min
0 0 सवृपिृय माेदी जी..बचचाे की पढ़ाई के लियेे एक राय मेरे दिल में है कि हम कायृकतृा लाेग पृयतेक दिन..१ रू.ताे दान कर सकते हैं.ताे मेरी यह साेच है कि आप अगर यह कायृकताआें से कहे ताे हम लाेग १रू राेज दान कर सकतें हैं.आप बेंक के बाहर.डाकखानाे के बाहर.हर नगरपालिका वाडृाे मे एक गरीब बचचाे के नाम एक मिनी बेंक लगवायें.जिसमें पृतयेक दिन उसमें पेसा जमा हाे और राेज कायृकताऔ की कमेटी के सामने बेंक में जमा हाे.और देश के गरीब बचचाे के काम आ सके..आपका.लीला धर शमृा बाजपुर.उधमसिंहनगर.उतराखंड
0 0 Why there is limit of 500 characters to write to government ???.
I have to write in 3 parts below.
0 0 Major pain points of the uneducated people I've interacted is filling up a from to open a bank account. if we remove this part, I hope many people might find it easier to open an account. There may be ways like, the responsibility may be transferred to the bank to fill forms for the people who wants to open account. Otherwise UID details can be made available to all banks and whenever a person visit a bank to open account with UID No, bank can cross check and open  account for that person.
0 0 Everything is made by the government, and known to government.
There is No need 150 Crore People of India to Participate in Governance.
When one man can win all election, one man can also make India A Golden Sparrow, and on the Top of the World in just one year !!!.
TEJAS SHAH
Scientist, Engineer, Author, & Consultant.
Discoverer of Power of Human Magnetic Field in Human Body.
Author of Book Title : “Power of Human Magnetic Field” &  “Diabetes Symptoms - Inherited Diabetes”,
0 0 In last 50 Years, Congress government has made India Hell of Taxes, Inflations, Corruptions, etc; and joke of Democracy, and has kept India 100years back in the world.
I really want to Participate in Governance, but only if it is heard, and immediate action are taken on it, or else it is just waste of time. 
Banks :
With the knowledge & help of Government and RBI, Banks in India are Deliberately practicing many things to charge Citizen of India without any guide lines of RBI.
1 0 Dear Sir,
I am regularly receiving mails to Participate in Governance.
I have written twice on taxes in India, but there is No reply or action on it.
Is it really for the people, or just to fool around with people of India. 
When Mr. Narendra Modi was Elected, We Indians were Really happy and proud to get Real Freedom from oreign rules. But it is almost more than six months of Mr. Narendra Modi government, and No relief from the curses Multiple Taxes, Black Taxes, Inflations, etc.
0 0 Dear PM jee, make new rules for getting Voter Card and Aadhaar Card, my Voter Card is there but i never find my name in the list to vote... Whenever I go to offices to make corrections i always get answer that time is gone... Pls make Voter Card and Aadhaar compulsory and make a rule that we can apply it anytime anywhere, just like Pan Card or Passport or Driving Licence... I cant understand why this program is conducts for few days only, where this is very important document in our country.
0 0 GOI should first finish the task of making and distributing Adhar Card to all citizens and to all newly born child on day one. Adhar Card also need modification so that it may be used as American citizen card for all purchases and sales.Once modified Adhar card is given to all , we can remove need of voter card or even PAN and then in shortest period account can be opend in any bank because such card will have full details of the person.GOI can then monitor all economic activities of the person.
0 0 It's a very good approach of my present Govt which will be most beneficial to the poor citizens including their saving habits&2get deposit any govt aids directly PROVIDED BANKS&IT'S OFFICIAL don,t disturb in opening their account that MUST BE ascertained by central Govt avoiding state Govt, Dalals's -ve forces/activities in execution of this fruitful approach. With regards, Dr.K.K. Bonia, Professor, BJP Member No.18002662020.
0 0 make rules to issue rationcard to only for  a bank account holder
0 0 Respected Sir; requesting you to bring HAM Radio on the important platform so that it can be used widely as used in other countries. I am being National Coordinator for Disaster Communication in India (ARSI) R3 and did lots of work during HUD HUD in Odisha and did advanced preparations for Nilofer Cyclone, using HAM Radio team.Looking for your favour. From Jayant S. Bhide   VU2JAU Mob. 09425109013 Gwalior M.P.
0 0 सवृपिृय माेदी जी..अब भी हमारे समाज में एेसी गरीब जनता है जिसका आई डी के नाम पर कुछ भी नहीं है वाे भी भारत देश के साथ कंधा से कंधा मिलाकर चलना चाहते है.मेरी ताे यह कह सकता हुं हर नगरपालिका के वाडृाे में बेंकाे का केंमप लगना चाहीये जिससे की जनता जन धन याेजना के बारे में जयादा से जयादा जानकरी मिलें कयाेकि अभी हमारी ३०% आबादी यह जान ही नही पाई हें.बेंकाे काे चाहीये हर वाडृ में केंप लगायें.ताकी हम कायृकतृा लाेग लाेगाे काे जयादा से जयादा जाेड.सके..पाटृी का सेवक.लीला धर शमृा.केशवनगर बाजपुर .उतराखंड
0 0 Q3. Recording thru video Camera is crime in all Courts or in official meeting to public servant in any open place or in their offices or on going roads?
I asked you sir as today some Saharanpur police officers get angry on my spy pen camera video recording on my shirt today and threatened me to send me Jail.
From:-
KK Agarwal  Advocate,
210 South Civil Lines, Bulletin Colony,
MB:- 09319365499, 09997476919
City:- Muzaffarnagar
Uttar Pardesh.
0 0 used in higher appellate court for justification.?
Q2 Suppose a public servant esp higher police officers not meet to the victims and if meet victims not give good relief to them and pass foul language or dirty behavior by the other buttering officers with him for his surrounded security so all this is a crime in Indian laws to do string operation of police officers when we go to meet them as not know which way they swing and what they do with police powers provided by State?
Q3. Recording th
0 0 Dear Sir!
Sometimes on argument or daily request on compliant we cannot feel safe & secure that what happens from which side and what the sitting judge or any public servant or any police officer may give what response or order or what behavior he returned to us.
Q1. Is video recording inside in open court of law can be recorded by the advocates or the public for better hearing aspects in future and also for creating right evidence that this thing happens in actual and may be used in higher ap
0 0 Dear sir, sabhi dukono/goverment offices par dabit card/credit card se bhugtan ho sake aisi vyavasta shuru ki jaye ishase sabhi log bank account kholane ko prerit honge sath hi ye len den me v aasan hoga chutta paiso ki problm,note fatane ki problm door ho jayegi.govrmnt ko tax v pura milega paiso ki kalabajari v rukegi.sath hi log case paise ka use kam kar denge ye paise bank me honge to goverment dusare kamo me laga payegi.
0 0 We shall start and ensure this thro ration card and voter ID card and need ensure with separate team to watch the execution in all areas
0 0 -Keeping in mind illiteracy,insecurities attached with plastic money,net banking,cyber crimes,absence of cyber policing, erratic and de-centralized law and order machinery[riding on ram bharosae self conceived manipulated(to earn money in the name of law)
age old system]without any focus on law implementation, corrective action and improvement calls governance to be more organised to develop related institution to be effective-Centralized banking operation demands centralized L&O institutions.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Writing this text because am having a lots of expectation from you 
my request is that as a residential of a block in badarpur location ward no 107 jaitpur part 2 here is a lots of anti neationalist elements are lieing in this area so m requesting you to increase the no of security in this place..............some time  i found some militent activity in this location in early morning....which is not acceptable ...request you to kindly increase that ...as soon as possible....
0 0 In fact, the banks are not cooperating as they must.The poster of Oriental Bank of Commerce says"open  account with minimum balance under Jan Dhan Yojna but this scheme is for zero balance. Though the Bankers say that they are cooperating but still the persons in the field are not taking it so seriously.
A/c Holder are not aware of one transaction
Lot of persons have opened the account with many banks which require some way to find out and keep the genuine account and merge other a/cs
0 0 Talk about disaster of drug means, examples of such disasters - ruining of own health, shattering of family and social life. Outline means of getting rid of this habit including Yoga, will power, alternative items for chewing/eating/drinking etc. Quote great persons against this social evil including Guru Nanak Deoji, Kabirji etc.Brief Medical research results giving details of disaster on health, thinking process etc.
0 0 I would like to kindly include existing customers of Bank in your Jan-Dhan Yojana too. This is because today when I as in SBI Taratala Kolkata branch, the staff were saying the customers who where submitting A/c opening forms that Ye Jan-Dhan Yojana paach saal tak rahega-ya nahi, lekin SBI jaroor rahega, so open normal SBI a/c. I said to a bus helper that no you will get free accidental insurance. Staff member told show me any one who got . I am surprised by the public bank statements.
0 0 Dear Sir
As a bank officer i will suggest that to cover all people under this scheme Bank miter must be provided laptops because  machine provided to them  not working properly.it takes 1 hour to open a account. We can use broadband connection for internet connectivity. by sukhpal singh 9413235808
0 0 This initiative is very much appreciable, as i am working in MGNREGA Officials, hence  i find that post office payment is much slow in nature and it delayed the process of payment but this process will help to disburse the wages of  the job card holder more quicker. Thus by opening the bank account the job card holder will be benefited and they also enjoy other benefit too.
0 0 To cover all households banks can be suggested to use the electoral voter list. House to house survey can be done by Bank Mitra on the basis of part wise voter list. Each part contains average 800-850 voters i.e. Approx 300-350 households which can be easily look after by a Bank Mitra. In this way banks can ensure to cover maximum households in their respected regions. (Voters list are available online also)
0 0 Jan Dhan yojana is blessings for VEGETABLE VENDORS, PETTY SHOP KEEPERS, DAILY LABOURERS, these people depend upon financers for day to day living, This is an oppurtunity to transfer money of Government schemes into the account directly, Now proper scrutiny and implementation is needed we have to create a seperate body or ministry to monitor subsidy and banck account implementation all subsidies should be handled by one body and accountabilty & responsibility should be fixed accordiingly
0 0 i think other services (other than banking like insurance) of PJDY should also be broadcasted to avail reasonable policy rates for citizens and this will release more funds for economy development.
0 0 It appears that Kishan has not understood this yojana completely. It has not been registered in their mind that they can take loan and insurance is there for 1 lack. Otherwise, so many Kishan in Maharastra would have not committed suicide in last month. More publicity and ad. is required for full implementation of  this very good yojana
0 0 Excellent Scheme. Aadhar No ko "Unique Bank Account Number" kiya jana chahiye. Isme multiple bank account kholne ka jarurat nahi parega. For example, "Jan Dhan Account No" should be "Aadhar No". Isme Income Tax, Service Tax, Subsidy credit, Pension mee subidha hoga.
0 0 pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana is very good for every poor person. this scheme is a key of every person to make a financialy identy proof in his residential address so this is a very useful scheme for human being.
0 0 Dear Sir, mera suggestion ye h ki sabhi banko ko kaha jay ki vo log har gaav/society me Bank account kholane k liye camp lagaye. ya dusara rasta ye h ki jaise poliyo drope pilane k liye ghar ghar jate h. vaise hi logo ka account kholene k liye jana chahiye.kyuki jyadatar logo ko pata hi nahi chalta k foam kaise bharna h. na hi unake pass proper document hi hote h.ish tarike se logo ki pahechan v ho jayegi aur adress proof v nahi dena padega. sath hi garib k pass jo v rupaye ho ushe jama kar le.
0 0 Govt should declare to stop of cash money use after a limited time period and announced future use of only Rupee /debit/ credit card for each and every thing.
For each and every thing, if card use will be compulsory than according to my formula corruption and poverty will also be finished.
It will also stop crimes like theft, snatching, collection of black money and scandals.
For this I have my complete formula.
DrRam Kumar Sharma
9871003596
1 0 because of this i opend my first bank account .thanks modi ji :D
0 0 IF opening bank a/c is 1st step, second step shall be to simplify credit or loan facilities to individuals, sole prop firms, farmers, weaker financial community whose annual income is below 2.5laks p.a. This will have dual effect, 1. boost in trade & commerce, employment. 2. Money laundering can be prevented. Still, private lenders are there in rural area, who charge interest like devil & don't follow legal procedure. Thus, a lot of untainted money converted into tainted.
1 0 Her insaan ke paas apna adhar card ho. & koi bhi insaan apne atm card se lone le sake minmam 500 rs jo ki jama karne ke baad adjust ho jaye.
Ye accout wo kahi bhi us kar sake kisi bhi jagh.
Gau me atm ki yojna ki jaye
Gov bank sabse jada rool khade karte hai lekin only greeb ke liye in logo ka kaam kane ke tareeke par bhi najar rakhi jaye. Kahi log gov bank me is liye account nhi kholte kuki ye log apna kaam sahi trh nhi karte hai 2ghante ka lunch hota hai in logo ka or bolne ka tareeka bh
1 0 Make responsible  bank managers take help BJP and RSS cador like election campaning home to home,take help govt.servant like teacher and other govt. Servant also promot these people for good work
0 0 Dear sir, My suggestion is very simple as like election booth slip issue to the voters, send the local bank representatives to the each and every areas. and ask them to collect the details of the persons and give the account instantly .many private banks are giving by door steps.allocate the area to particular nationalized bank so that time will be saved. set the target to the bank, to complete the task .its very simple and effective.
0 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी तहसील या ग्राम क्षेत्र में कोई भी बैंक इस योजना पर मन लगाकर काम नहीं कर रही है. इस योजना का महत्व अभी तक ग्राम क्षेत्रो में लोगो नहीं पता. उनको तो यही लग रहा है की सरकार अपना खाता खोलके अपना समय नष्ट कर रही है
0 0 Dear sir, thats is my things...
Sir, aj ke time me sab ka account hona chaiye but ek greeb insaan ke liye docment ke karn dikat hoti hai apne account kholne me.
2. I realy heart the lone parikiriya sir ek greeb insaan ager lone lena chahe to use nhi milta kuki uske paas kuch girbi rakhne ke liye hai he nhi so.
3. Jis insaan ka bhi acount ho wo kahi bhi valed hona chahiye. Wo kahi bhi paise nikal ya jama kar sake.
1 0 आद्ऱणीय् पऱधान्मन्तऱी जी हम् बेक् मीत्ऱ् Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana मे PNB BANK CO. HISSAR  मे काम् कऱते हॆ हमे एक् नीजी क्म्प्नी के अदीन् 13‍‍_12_2014 तक होने का आदेष् दीया गया हे ताकी क्म्प्नी को लाभ् हो क्म्प्नी हमाऱे काम् का 30% हीसा खूद् ह्ज्म् कऱना चाह्ती हे आप ह्माऱी ईस समस्या का ज्लदी हल् कऱे ताकी ह्म सही ऱूप् से काम क्ऱ सके क्म्प्नी ह्म् से 3500/ ऱूपेए पऱ् महीना काम क्ऱवाना चाह्ती हे ताकी यह योजना फेल हो जाए ओऱ ईस से पहले वो साऱा पेसा खा जाए ह्म पूऱे मान्सिक् तनाव मे हे अब आप से आस ह
2 0 respected sir, The govt. banks(state bank of India) are not work properly in the states, once it is clear then automatically every thing will be perfect.
0 0 1.Every good programme needs 'check-ins' at every level.Pensioners ,Widows,Handicapped persons need highest priority in this scheme.2.Self-reliance within 2 years should be the Govt. objective in the above group.3.Total percentage of people coming out of 'BPL" is the litmus test for our beloved PM.
0 0 1) Intensify आधार Cards Outreach for NEW as well REVALIDATION Camps in all Post Offices , Public & Private Banks , Panchayats etc. from 15-12-2014 to 15-01-2015 .
2) Dovetail PMJDY स्वच्छ भारत मिशन + Population Control +Housing +Direct Cash Subsidies linked Welfare Schemes ;
3) Please, Don't Make Haste , Rather  INTEGRATE ALL Prioritised National Reconstruction Measures in a Systemic Manner of "सौ सुनार का --- एक लोहार का " Synchronized Scientific Methodology " like पोलियो उन्मूलन अभियान !
Th.
1 0 Gov.should take action against bank which not open to account promtaly many poor person fiting  to open a account
My opinion to gov.he take action n provide per person a gov. Mob. No. Which is  given by Gov.a separate no .identify by central gov.  N that no use to  all type facilitation given by gov. Both ce.ntral.state .gov informe to all project running By gov.
Gov.should make a policy for distribution system  n remove to aal pvt. Channel .fully digitalisation process city as wel
0 0 सरकार द्वारा दी जा रही सब्सिडी का पूरा पूरा लाभ प्रधान मंत्री जन धन योजना वालो के खाते में जाएगा और जनता यह सीधे तौर पर जाने सरकार एक परिवार पर कितना खर्च करती है और श्रेय कोई दुसरा हीं ले जाता है | और फिर राज्य सरकार ढिढोरा पीटती है केंद्र ना कुछ नही दिया भेद भाव करती है केंद्र सरकार इस प्रकार के लांछन से मुक्ति मिलेगी | आपतकालीन लाभ भी लोगो को मिल सकेगा और अभी तो बिना बैंक खाता धारी इतनी परेशानी झेलते थे इसका वर्णन कठिन है कोई चेक आ जाता तो वह गरीब परेशान होता फिर वही रागअलाप सरकारपैसानहीदेती
1 0 Panchayat level staff be trained in simple accounts to assist people in banking and to promote awareness. Rules needed  to prevent misuse of the Yojna like each account holder must sign before the bank staff on date of withdrawal, that such account cannot be mortgaged
1 0 Financial inclusion can be a success only if  income generation capacity of a village house hold is augmented.  Only if income generation is augmented there will be financial savings. There is a need to formulate a village level household credit plan to identify the credit needs of individual household rather than a one size fits all approach. Every household has a distinct credit need. Like a census  there should be   household wise survey where deposit / credit / remittance needs be identified
0 0 भारत सरकार द्वारा इस नई योजना  प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना की जितनी तारीफ की जाए उतनी हीं कम है | इस योजना से सीधे लाभुक को लाभ प्राप्त होगा | पर इसमें मुझे सिर्फ दो बुराई नजर आई | पहला साइबर अपराध इतना बढ़ा है आए दिन एटीएम का पिन पूछकर पैसे निकाले जा रहे है तो कहीं ऐ टी एम् बदलकर पैसे निकाले जा रहे हैं | इसका पुख्ता इंतजाम सरकार को करना चाहिए दोषी बख्से नही जाएँ | दुसरा राज्य और केंद्र के फासले से यह लाभ सीधे सीधे मिलने में कोई भी विलम्ब नही हो अन्यथा श्रेय लेने की होड़ लगेगी और बिचोलिये जगेगे |
0 0 It is one of the very good in my opinion.Opening the a/c may be easy but to draw the money from our a/c  from bank we have to stand in Q for hours together if not I want to draw my money through ATM card it is restricted only for 5 times in a month if it exceeds we have to pay Rs, 20 per transaction is it fair?.In my opinion remove that charges that is Rs. 20 then this scheme is really worth. I am yoga master so I know the value of Rs. 20 to draw my money from the bank.  Ramesh
0 0 I am given to understand that there are large number of duplicate accounts under PMJDY. In order to make available benefits under the scheme, the existing Bank accounts should be got closed. There should be penal provisions in respect of people misusing the scheme. In order the meet the target, bank managers are relying on politicians to bring such accounts. Having opened the accounts there should be system to counter check the details.
1 0 Extending benefits of Jandhan yojana to every household gives a very clear message that PM & Govt cares for all. PM should not be disheartened if every household doesn't join this scheme as well-to-do households do not look at such benefits from Govt, instead they donate for the deserving households. The scheme will send a strong and positive message across the globe that PM of India cares for every household.
0 0 ATMs required in every village, making people responsible in villages to educate others and most importantly please do not run behind numbers, instead have proper checks that such accounts are not misutilized. Biometrics should help to ensure that people are not opening multiple accounts. Basically the procedure needs to be simple but efficient.
0 0 All the present savings account holders of all the nationalised banks MUST get all the benefits available to the fresh account holders under Jan-Dhan Yojana, like zero balance, normal insurance benefit as well as the benefit of the accidental death for the life of the solo or joint savings account holders.
1 0 बच्चों का एडमीशन , राशन कार्ड, मतदाता पहचान पत्र बनवाने के लिये प्रधानमंत्री जनधन योजना के अंतर्गत रजिस्टर्ड होना आवाश्यक कर हम सभी भारतवासियों को इससे जोड सकते हैं कुछ कार्य कठोरता से भी किये जाने चाहिये
0 0 7)every village one  or two ATM counter required. Every ward one ATM counter required. 8)finger print and eye ball passard security required.9)all gov facilities submit through a/c.10) written problem box if any person gov or non gov criate problems to proper inquiry various angle transfer other sector other punishment.12)to minimise corupssion corrupt person identify and gov facilities 4_5 years punishment. Thanks.
0 0 We on behalf of n.g.o. OOZARU  directly open at least 500 new acnt andindirectly help thousands of people to open under pmjdyscheme,at lumding,Assam.people are highly enthusiastic to get something out of it.thanks Modiji
0 0 One of my friend Going to Punjab National Bank to open JDY Scheme passbook but the bank employee told that the Facility not available in our Branch so my friend go to the ICIC bank to open the account they told that their target for opening  JDY Scheme is complete and suggest him to go government bank.After than he go to AXIS bank but there also the employee told that we are not opening JDY scheme Passbook lastly he go to ORIENTAL BANK OF COMMERCE unfortunately they told that form are not aviala
1 0 01. All the Insurance holders automatically should be provided a bank account.
02. All school children apart from the scholarship recipient should open an account and announce the highest savings in a year will get a incentive / cash award which will be deposited to account by the govt. (This will minimize the spend thrift among the children, (b) savings habit will be inculcated etc.)
03. Every beneficiary funds has to be sent to bank account
04. Above 18 years compulsorily have an Account
1 0 I think the banker other than government banks are not showing interest to open the JDY Scheme passbook they always told the people why are you opening  JDY  passbok and motivated them to open a passbook in normal account so the people came out from the private branches because they demand 5000/- or 2500/- rupees for opening new account .One of my friend Going to Punjab National Bank to open JDY Scheme passbook but the bank employee told that the Facility not available in our Branch so my friend
1 0 In my view KYC norms should be relaxed especially for address proof. As you know that lots of population resides on rented house and unfortunately actual benificier of Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Bank account doesn't have rented houses or even proper residense. So how we expect that they can comply such documents!!!!.
Moreover, Account opening should be linked with the identity of the person and address can be accepted or changed on self declaration. In practice the rules are pressuring to not doing
1 0 To make Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana 100% success you should make arrangement to reach every voter of our country to find deserving persons and include all of them at spot under PMJDY.
0 0 This will help banks to give small loans and recover them too easily.it will not only promote bank culture but incentives will drive people to open a bank account, which in turn will promote savings and growth and teach every citizen the saving mantra. These bank accounts to be operable across India for poor but nomads.
0 0 there have a big problem gov. start jan dhan yojna but banks are not supporting with public they are confusing peoples they are saying come after some time for open account its to wrong things doing by banks employees
0 0 Respected PM, this is grate job ,I men some process are mandatory - 1) sub city require because interest to open every person.2)after 3_5 years take small amount charge recover subsity .3) every panchyate-and ward 3_4 camp help by main bank  camp works continuly they helped on temporary basis because not to realise this gov job 4)identified hiddenly select perfect poor Persian and gov help them.5) minimize tenacity other beneficiary fund.6)more capital handling public separate main bank branch.
0 0 saman nagrika samhita kab jari karenge
0 1 Pradhan Mantri Dhan Jan Yojana jari honi se pehele  bhi Bank me a/c holder ko is yojana labh milana chayiye. isleye apko vinanti karto hu ye yojana isko bi lago kare.
0 2 For opening account under PMJDY involves tedious procedure like ID as well as address proof are being demanded whereas there are still big chunk of population in the country having no ID etc. Banks are also demanding one introducer while opeing the account.
So these formalities must be abolished and only one ID proof must suffice.
Lead bank in every district must be given task to go door to door especially in downtrodden localities to achieve the ultimate aim of the scheme.
1 0 Incentives can be build around these accounts with a tag as Citizen of India/ not citizen. like educational incentive, school attendance incentive. When such a hub becomes a lifeline of a village then it will be difficult to rob any poor of their incentives and will promote sending children to the school. make it a hub of incentives and then it will become talk of village.
0 0 In Assam this facility will not improved so much because of dirty politics in our Assam.people go to bank,bank authority said process is going on.We are surveying about it. what is it?The rich person of the society are already opened under the scheme but the poor & uneducated people.so i think the govt. & their authority need to do something better to succeed it.
0 0 Use method of mumbai dabawal's method
Or use pulse polio abhiyan method this two method make you success.
0 0 Pradhan Mantri Dhan Jan Yojana Ke Antargat jo bhi A/C Open ho rahe hain us A/c par kuchh extra Intrest hona chahiye jisase aam adami ka paisa bank main save kar sake jab tak aam adami ko jyada byaj nahin milegi tab tak vah paisa bank main save nahin karega
0 0 All subsidies of food and gas should be linked to the bank accounts mandatorily after confirmation of being Indian citizens. Let there be Internet Lab in the Primary schools for Kids with Private Government partnership and in the evening can run as internet cafe which should be free to  Below poverty line people for  regular irrigation inputs and DD news. an ATM and Bank can work in the same premises  so that the educational institute can become the hub . Eve. classes for adults with skills.
0 1 Great Plan, Zero balance account, but for ATM you have to pay 200 Rs per year and if there is charge for keeping ATM, why there is also charge for using it. Why there is limit on usage, how many of us have time stand in Q and withdraw money. And how many can the bank workers handle per day???. As a result many people are giving back ATM and closing A/C.
PM takes action to increase number of Saving Account in India and RBI is doing the reverse, so who is in control.
0 0 In the second phase of PMJDY, Bank & adhar/PAN card officers/intermediaries should camp outside Rly stn, bus stand & daily wage worker hiring places to open A/C for workers,porters,Riksha drivers,etc. In the third phase students belonging to BPL should be offered incentives/scholarships proportionate to number of people they can enroll in PMJDY .
In fourth phase make it mandatory to open PMJDY A/C for anyone with ID proof but not holding any other savings bank A/C. No end date pl.
0 0 Look at the whole scheme from a poor person's point of view and helping him or her in life, will enable the people to restore faith in indian government, a beautiful scheme, which can help gov launch local skill development schemes and have a readymade demand , if the information is data mined and proper encouragement is provided for skill development of the poor.
0 0 Opening of bank account for all citizen can be done mainly for people with less privileges by linking the Ration Card with one bank account number. Forms can be distributed from the ration shops with a few simple entries to be taken care by the banks linked to each ration shop. Incentives to ration shop person to take care of clerical expenses. Bank to get into the act by taking care of the initial paper work done at the ration shop. All government help to be paid on my through bank account.
0 0 BANKING KO PAARDARSI BANANE HETU BANK MANAGER JO KI KUCHH RICH LOGO KE HAATH ME HI KHEL RAHE HAI AUR UN LOGO KO HI LOAN AND ANYA SUVIDHAYE DE RAHE HAI KE KAAM KI NIYMIT JANCH HONI CHAHIYE.YE LOGO AMIR LOGO KO PMRY JAISI SUVIDHA 25000 RUPEES LE KE BAAT RAHE HAI.AUR GARIB LOGO KO BHAGA DE RAHE HAI.PM JEE KRIPA KARKE MERE CITY TANAKPUR KO IN BHARSHTA BANK MANAGER SE MUKTI DILAYE.TAAKI HUM BEROJGAAR LOGO KO BHI AVASAR MIL SAKE.AUR AAP KE DWARA DEE GAYEE YOJNA SAHI LOGO TAK PAHUCH SAKE.PLEASE.
0 0 To bring all households under banking services is a very good idea and in this case the local administration and Banks must come forward.The three Panchayats,Municipality and corporation work in unision and approach the public by reaching their houses and teach them the necessity and advantages of opening a bank account.Kerala people more educated know very well the benefit of bank account and faclities by that.Most North Indian states are lagging behind and the people not fully knows benefits.
0 0 Every household must have life insurance if they have a deposit. Insurance amount to be based on deposit amount. Deposited monies to be used for creating infrastructure/renewable energy/ - revenue generating to make this feasible. Overhaul entire banking. eg it takes minimum 10 phone calls from ICICI to even start the process of opening NRI accounts. State banks need to buy efficient smaller banks overseas and learn how they streamline operations.
0 0 China imposes a small fee for all imigrants to register with local police station, this is a 5 minute procedure and cost should be kept at 20 rupees/- this will enable gov to keep track of the local people and if they do not have a account they can be approached by the local police to give them brochers and encoruage them to open accounts.
0 0 Each person who opens under this Yojna,should also fill up his data and his work, gov should collect this data and help the police of that local area, to be aware of these people, who are mostly immigrants in cities, thus, we can have a more secure environment and if a robbery happens in that area, the police can access this information and contact surrounding neighbourhoods to help out, this will make cities more secure.
0 0 Since Bank is not interested to open 0 balance a/c and they are making many kind of trouble to common people, therefore a/c opening work should be to some third party agency, and it should not be 0 balance a/c, people should contribute some amount as per their capacity/desire it may be Rs.100 or more but not 0 balance, it will be give sense of responsibility and it will also promote to use rupay debit card,
0 0 The average time taken by banks in opening a/c under PMJDY and issuing passbook is 3- 4 days . This needs watch and reduce the time to maximum one hour . Strict instruction may be issued to branches to open a/cs within minimum time period , same day from filling up of farm to issuing passbook and ATM card . RBI should issue a schedule to all  banks and made widely known to common people
2 0 My servant was ignorant about the scheme, he went to the bank and he cannot even fill up a bank form etc... so there should be help counters, who educate these people at the banks, about what can be done, gov of india should take out booklets in all languages and distribute them to all people or ask the banks to distribute these leaflets, so that the IQ of these simple people can improve and they can learn the benefits of various things they can do in this scheme
0 0 Last week I see people already having account came to bank and reopen new account please interlink those to PMJDY. Also this schemes must be completed by commerce graduation perusing student as a part of academic project so manpower load of bank would be decreased significantly. Also in every village and town their should be volunteer as customer executive to help poor and illiterate people not from bank to serve better to people. Thank you.
0 0 People should be aware when they open an account that a zero balance account is likely to be closed down and they have to put money in but when local savings groups offer interest why will they? The government will have to put money into every account if it wants people to open one. A Rs2000 overdraft limit as with the Bhamasha Accounts in Rajasthan is seen as pointless as it has to be paid back. It is being sold to the illiterate as Do hazar walli and that is misleading.
0 0 Many PMJDY a/c r opened. Transfer subsidies directly to this a/c. As it is a zero balance a/c they r not impressed. First get them to operate by direct subsidy transfer
1 0 Most of the household in Urban areas are already having a bank account. If the Govt can seed the bank account to PMJDY it will be great, also those accounts linked with PMJDY can be mandatory made to RuPay card by the banking agencies.
0 0 Scheme is good but banks are not cooperate with public
0 0 Banks may be instructed to print separately identifiable pass books  for PMJDY , the color , design and format may be provided by DFS or RBI common for all banks . This will make the poor a/c holders a sense of pride and will make the identity of beneficiaries easy .
0 0 I suggest that bank account be opened on the registration of birth and 100 rupees be added to the account of every girl child registered.
0 0 I imagine this service would be too difficult to provide  for the banks via 'Manual ' means. For efficiency, cost effectoveness and manageability it has to be a completely automated process. Mobile (computer-van) computer processing should be used for account opening and operating wherein the information entered is simultaneously processed In the banks systems that use the specially designed computer applications for the program at each participating banks Jan Dhan Yojana division.
0 0 While opening a/cs under PMJDY a laminated card may be issued that the person concerned is bonafide a/c holder under PMJDY . A centralized PMJDY beneficiary number may be allotted through the card . This will address many future problems to identify genuine a/c holders
0 0 Inclusion of House hold in Jandhan Jojana would be welcome step
0 0 This is a good initiative by gov of India but people from small or rural area do not know the benefit of opening the bank account under this scheme. So first government should think an idea to create awareness about it. Because without knowing the benefit people cant come to bank. so first create awareness about this sceme.
0 0 Banks should be instructed to visit households to open a/cs at site as common people are shy of banks due to their rude behavior   2- PMJDY a/c holder be given instant training to operate ATM card while issuing card .
3- A/c opening Melaas be organised at Gram Panchayat centers
4- NABARD/BIRD may be instructed to impart necessary training to Bank Mitras .
5- RBI should monitor the appointment of Bank Mitras by Banks as guidelines have been violated at large by Banks
0 0 simuilarly think of governemtn opening a sarkari bank ( exclusively for small traders, small business and poor peope) it should function like Garibi bank of bangladesh  Kindly study this model of banking  small business is getting only 4% of the total bank finances
0 0 don expect  private banks to do this job.  PSU Banks must do this job  fix targets from them if they dont meet the target cutdow the overdraft facilities if they dont fulfill
0 0 I appreciate the initiative and I believe PAN card should be given to all individuals whether they earn or not. I have seen SSN in US or NRIC in Singapore. Same way we should implement PAN card as unique national identifier. Every individual who lives in INDIA or resident should have PAN card number. Don't introduce any other card because PAN card can be utilized with the same aspects. I understood there are people who owns multiple PAN cards but separately those cases can be sorted out...
0 0 This is a good initiative from govt. All banks being given quota. If they are finished with the quota, they refuse to accept new application. In sterad of people going to bank; Can Bank go to people and open an account. Any conversation, meeting should be transparent. Bharat badhega.... Jaroor badhega.
0 0 please direct all banki in the territories of india to cooperate and guide to open a/c instead of misleading or taking any excuse to all taxpayees/non-taxpayees.
0 0 PMJD Scheme is vital process  increment of economical growth for rural people.now a days in INDIA 1lakh CSCs are work in single window basis for common MAN,Plz Include all CsC for better services for PRADHANmANTRI JAN DHAN YOJANA ,whichThe Yojana envisages covering all households in the country by 26.01.2015 with at least one bank account
0 0 Mai sochta hun ki ye lok Jinda prani ke liye hai / Mai ek hindu hun lekin Hindu samaj mai jinda log se jyada marehuwe log ke liye jyada paisa our time kharcha kar rahai hai hum bhi chota chota accha kaam kar sakte hai ye prithivi le prani ke liye mujhe lagta hai ki ye duniya ko samajhna aur jinda prani our prithivi ke liye kuch karna hi hamara dayitwa hai....
0 0 There is no authentic data of uncovered families with Banks  which is depriving actual beneficiaries. The opening of a/cs under PMJDV needs verification .
2- Banks should instructed to open separate counters for PMJDY and working hours should be from 7 am to 7 pm to facilitate working class .
3- Handouts in Hindi , local language containing features of PMJDV be distributed by banks at large scale to educate people
0 0 Please use Adhara card number on computer data base for all purpose i.e. employments, Money/Bank transaction and property  transaction.  for voter list, BPL list and all kind of subsidies, education scholarship, BPL subsidies, MAGERGA and in all the Govt. policies for the people
0 0 Ye kaam sarkar ke kursiyo par jo baith batih ke kursiya tod rahe hain unka hain ki wo jaye aur Account open karke credit de bina announce karne se kuch nahi hota Modi ji janta ka kaam tha only vote dena jeetne k baad ab seva dena aapka kaam hain
0 0 the policy started is known to the city people but not to the villages and also people are being misinformed about the policy. teams of trained professional(under skilled India program),should be sent to rural areas and poor people to let them know about the scheme and give them proper info.Many news channels have shown that many rural people have nt even heard about jan dhan yojna so focus should be given on implementation at root level.
0 0 In order to cover all households under PMJDY, having a bank account may be made compulsory for all citizens failing which after a defined period, they should not be allowed to avail of services like extension of licences including shop licences and driving licences, access to ration shops and even passports.  If we are thinking of Digital India, then everybody must have a bank account to enable digitised banking transactions.  At the same time, banks have to provide a welcoming atmosphere.
0 0 All sale receipts should be generated through  internet based account directly linked to the sellers sale tax account. The receipt shall have a unique no. and one could check the authenticity of this receipt on Sales tax deptt website, where the entire details are available. This can started in all big cities where the vendors take most of payment through cards. With coverage of most of the big shops, hotels etc sale tax theft will reduce to great extent. Idea can be explained in details with mo
0 0 Mere Hisaab se yojna hain bohot hi achi par ek baat bohot buri lagi janta ko jo kaam karna tha unhone ne kar diya VOTE dena yaar ab matlab wo apna kaam na karke account khulwane ke liye bank ke chakkar lgaye jaise ki maine apne registration Modipuram meerut main karaya tha bank main pucho toh kehte hain ki ATM & Passbook tumhare ghar post ho jayega toh maine socha aaye na aaye main apna kaam toh karu
0 0 Make light bill payment or water payment compulsory from bank account so many person will by default open account
0 0 Tax Reform....1%+1% =2% Tax on gross receipt from other's.
1%..Tax + (1%>>to their own Account) as Less Privilege Fund.(L.P.F.) 
3)This 1% L.P.F. will give power to the people as Less Privileged Fund
is their own Money. 
4)Tax Number is your mobile number.
Bank Account Number is your mobile number. 
5)Tax payment will be as easy, as payment of post paid mobile charges. 
6)Salaried people will be happy as they have to pay less. 
7)Government will get more Tax collection at least Two times
0 0 honourable prime minister, all the people who are going to open the account under PMJDY must be offered a mediclaim policy up to 1 lakh rupees which should be covered from the CSR FUND  of the corporates. if that is not enough-the balance should come as subsidy from the state and central government equally. it will motivate a large number of people to open account.the people -as far as possible should take part in regular banking transaction
0 0 We know that about 6.5Cr.people have been covered.We know what is remaining. We know the locations and people who are to be covered.
Seeing/analysing  the quantum of the remaining people and their locations  we can make a group/node of 100 people (where large area is to be covered ) to 1000 people (where small area is to be covered)so that the quantum of work remains same.
After finding the nos. of bank, post office ,colleges, central and state govt offices located near the area of that group/n
1 0 PAN card to be given to each and every new account holder under this scheme and start Rs 100/- hundred as a recurring deposit scheme. This will encourage the account holders to go to the banks regularly.
0 0 Kanun sakt ho to india mast ho sabhi sarkari nokri karne walo ka bank detail aur land sabhi ka sarve karo aur suspend karo tabhi kam taj aur sahi hoga.
1 0 We can do one thing, make compulsory to show the Bank account no. in every application for any type of Govt. work, like rashan card, voter Id, driving licence ect. On other end the election dept. should also fill the a/c no. of every voter in voter list, the same can be done on mandatory basis in some steps. It will help the local administration to identify the individuals of families who are not having their Bank account.
0 0 We should organise account opening camps for each and every locality of the country so that no household is left without opening.
0 0 Sir,this programme si sucessful, but acan say from personal experience Bank staff is not very enthusiastc about thsi schgeme & they treat such customers with disrespect.
But all said & done- this habit has to be promoted right from childhood, hence all kids should be rpomted to open a bank account & these kids will urge their parents to do teh same.
PLus, more camps at slum/rural areas/post offices/petrol pumps will help in spreading awareness about this scheme.
0 0 South Indian Bank, Meluliyazhathara Branch, Trivandrum is not ready to open PMJDY account to the salary class people. I approach the bank and give application for opening  PMJDY account.  They hesitated and return the application next day, because I am a salary class.  Kindly advise them to give a chance to open the said account at the earliest.
0 0 Yogna lana aur use amal me lane ke liya do chijo ka hona jarori hai niyat aur hard law .niyat to thik hai par  jin ke madhyam se pura hona hai un par koi strick rule nahi hai.sarkari nokri karne wale samegh te hai ki hamara koi kuch nahi hoga.ager unhe dar ho nokri ka to wo imandari se with in one month pure desh ka accunt khul sakta hai .sakti nahi hoga to jan dhan jitne bhi aye kuch nahi hoga.kanun sakt ho tabhi sare kam samey se pura hoga.sarkari job tamporery ho tabhi wo kam kare ge.ok
0 0 We should encourage even children at school above 10 years of age to open minor account. This will help students at mid day meal and other govt operated school. We are not only ensuring enrolment for now but also 20 years from now. A student can deposit 5, 10, 15 Rs at a time. But will have a substantial saving. Govt can also grant scholarships/ awards/ incentives.
0 0 जन धन योजना को और अधिक जोड़ने के लिए हर सरकारी और निजी स्कूल में पढ़ने वाले बच्चे का खाता बैंक में खोला जाये/
स्कॉलरशिप फॉर्म के साथ बैंक खता नंबर जनधन योजना के तहत ही खोले जाएँ।  ग्राम प्रधानो , पार्षदों,की जवाबदेह जिम्मेदारी दी जाये ताकि कोई भी मजदूर तबका पिछड़ा निम्न तबका इस योजना से छूठ न जाये
0 0 This may also assist in the achieving the PMJDY
CLIFF-
 Comprehensive Leverage to Low Income Family Financial Plan
0 0 This Yojana will hv negative effect in long run.
Indian financial system is antipoor as flow of money is from poor to rich so all these money of this yojana will to rich.
secondly, our system including policies promotes speculation and Govt. Does not hv any control on corruption.
Still laws are such that people not prefer to courts and that is moral boosting to financial scamsters.
there is no cal on promoters salary even if company makes losses ex Kingfisher!!!
I see very bleak future.
0 0 This may also assist in the achieving the PMJDY
0 0 Give an opportunity to everybody in the nation to open PMJDY account without any difference in  rich or poor.
0 0 This is a very good thing for us.
0 0 This may also assist in the achieving the PMJDY
0 0 Suggestions:
1. Banking Sector Employee Should Visit Their micro-level Local Surroundings to Contact Each House-Hold
2.Advertising Through Television by reaching every corner of Indian Country in their Local Languages.
3.Spread through Other Print Media and Networks
4.Chain-links by Mouth to Mouth
5.Fixing the Target and Time-Bound
6.One Voter / House
7.One Voter / Family
8.Account Openings by a Voter Through Aadhar and Voter ID as ID wherever Possible
9.Electronic Media is Best Method.
THANKS
0 0 1) a missed call facility shall be started. We will get database of mobile nos. On those mobile nos we will send messages about nearest branches to avail PMJDY
2) Local form collection centres should be established where all forms are collected and send to banks. Online data entry feature should be provided to kiosks such that time to open accounts will be reduced.
0 0 i think to complete every person have account, give the responsibility to gram pradhan. because he know every person in villages.
0 0 Sir jandhan jojana to atcha hai lekin bank me jane ke bad bank ke log bolate hain ki form nahi hai form aane me 6 month lagenge banko ka ye ravayiya atcha nahi hai khas kar ke State bank aur Canara banko ka .
Sir aap se binti hai ki aap is bare me jaroor kutch karen jisase ki nagriko ka aasani se Account khule.
Alok Mishra
0 0 Appoint a representative in every City of India and give a responsibility of Opening account under the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana & take a record from them every week.
0 0 South Indian Bank, Meluliyazhathara Branch, Trivandrum  not ready to open PMJDY scheme account to salary class people.   I approach and give application to the bank they hesitated, and return the application because I am a salary class.  Kindly advise them to give an account in this scheme at the earliest.
0 0 Suggest and train people for effective utilization of yojana
0 0 PMJDY have merge into Antique Bank Application a micro shareholder & stock exchange will change all banking& finance  regulatory systems of saving and credits of common man  will change all worlds finance systems were every cash live cloud SQL ASP data entry will keep update of record will safe in own custody and better than any banking interest to invest/invite other micro shareholder of any stock exchange any corner of worlds as become our micro shareholder and start earn investment by group
0 0 PMJDY YOJNA KE LIYE BLO KA MADAD LE KYOKI UNKO VOTE BANANE KE BAJAH SE HARPRIBAR KE BASTBIKTA SE ABGAT RAHTE HAI.
0 0 yes I have some suggestion to promote and achieve the PMJDY
0 0 Since Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana is targetted for poor and needy people, also include middle-class. It would be great if you introduce a "Jan Sasthya Yojana" too with this program, where Rs10-1000(based on income groups) monthly would cover anything from hospital to cancer care. The amount collected from it would be used for Govt hospital accessibility to poor and needy , also health insurance.
1 0 sir, kami yojna me nahi hota hai kami usko lagoo karne me hota hai sir sabse kami is yojna me yeh hai ki bank me a/c opening direct nahi ho raha hai bank ne is kam ko outsource kar diya hai isliye bank ko jimedar banaya jaya ki woh sidhe a/c khole, isme ek sudhar our ho sakta hai ki factory our office me kam karne bala har aadmi ka a/c uska malik khole our five thousand se adhik salary sirf khate se many ho, village me a/c kholne ke liye gramin bank ko village me jaa kar khate kholane ke liye ka
0 0 Bank interest can be premium for health insurance
1 0 हि ग्रामीण भागातील प्रोड लोकांसाठी फादेशीर आहे.
पण यात तय्ना माहित नसते म्हणून ते या याजने पासून वंचित राहतात.
1 0 A Mobile (ATM) payment and dispensing van fitted with Internet accessible computer and some version of the ATM machine. Use the automated a/c information card in the machine and do tour transaction in your local language.
1 0 Some Banks are not ready to open the account in this scheme.They says that they will open this account after recommendation of ward counsellor,M.L.A and M.P.Therefore website faciltity should be allowed for opening of an account in this scheme.
2 0 is yojna ke shuru hone se un garib tabke k logon ko bahut fayda hoga jo majduri karke apna pariwar chalate hai. sabka bank a/c hone se unki ek pehchan bank pasbuk k sath hogi evam thode thode rupay agar har aadmi karega to desh ko aarthik gati milegi. agar har new a/c holder ek month me 100 rupay hi jma kre to 121karon jnta ka 100 se multiply karen .itna amount per month humare desh ko milega jiske investment se desh ka aarthik vikas hoga . i salute to this gov. Jai Hind Jai Bharat. Jai Modi.
1 0 How can PMJDY will merge in our Antique Bank App  common masses will agree to following our new financial secure policy and e-Direction e-Wallet e-Governance will reduce cash crime, corruption and make poverty free commerce http://www.antiquebank.mobi and micro shareholders & stock exchange http://www.microstockexchange.net   will change all past theory of banking regulatory systems that saving and credits value of common man and better for woman as all buying decision
0 0 Also, educate poor people not by just telling them about the % of interest but interest amount on their savings every month.  This will be very tempting.  Still, people talk about doubling their money in FD's for particular time period.
0 0 Jai Hind!
This is to bring into your kind attention that the scheme is still not reachable to actual villagers. I had seen in my village namely BISALPUR (Agra), some villager requested to open the account to nearest bank branch (SBI) but branch advised to move to others branch so i think, every branch must be opened the account without any excuses.
Secondly, Banks should be organized the camps in every village and explain the benefits to villagers because they don't know abt benefit
0 0 Make all bank responsible to visit each & every household in there respective areas and open maximum A/c's.  When a private bank can open a/c by clicking picture/documents on Tabs then why can't govt. banks does this ?  Make them liable for there areas, be it colony, mohalla, district or tehsil etc.
0 0 There are some confusion about to open the bank account since who have already bank account then is it required to open another bank account under PMJDY or said bank a/c is to be linked with PMJDY. Therefor it is urgently need to issue clarification in this regard. What is the main purpose to open the such account since so many people worried about open such account keeping in view of that open and share the all information with government and other official of a common man. so ensure the same
0 0 There are many problems faced by banks in maintaining zero balance accounts and those accounts would be discarded from their rolls over a period of time. Make the Jan Dhan Yojana attractive for the customers as well as for the banks. Make it mandatory to at least deposit Rs. 5000/- within six months of opening the accounts in order to avail free insurance. In that way, banks will also be duty bound to provide facilities such as pass books, ATM cards. For a 0 balance acc, banks choose to ignore.
1 0 जय हिन्द सर ,त्रिस्तरीय व्यवस्था के आधार पर इस योजना को सार्थक बनाया जा सकता है । पहले ग्राम प्रधान को ज़िम्मेदारी दी जाये उसके ग्राम के सभी निवासियों के खाते एक कैंप के द्वारा खुलवाये। इसके लिए प्रधान को बैंक का प्रतिनिधि भी बनाया जा सकता है । इसी प्रकार नगरपालिका और महानगर पालिका में वार्ड मेंबर को इसके लिए नामित किया जा सकता है।
इसके द्वारा बैंको को खाता खुलवाने वालों को सहूलियत रहेगी ।और फर्जी खाते भी नहीं खोले जा सकेंगे
जनता के प्रतिनिधि जनता को ज्यादा करीब से जान पाते हैं।
धन्यबाद
0 0 While opening the account of an indivisual he should be asked to refer to 5 other members who doesnot have account.And certain arrengements should be made so that those people will open an account.this can be followed accordingly.
0 0 Ask Panchayat for the list of family who don't have bank accounts. It is difficult for poor,illiterate people to reach bank so bank has to reach them if we want to see this scheme a success.start depositing money under manrega,food security as soon as possible to the accounts already opened. this will encourage more people to open their account.
0 0 Respected sir my native place is Washim(M.S) but currently living in nashik (M.S) for job purpose. Bank is not opening the account in nashik bcoz my native is washim
0 0 The process is fairly slow. The Banks have taken documents and have not reverted back for >3 months. I pushed my help to get the account done so that I could pay them directly in their account. This is in Gurgaon SBI DLF Phase 3.
1 0 some banks says that they have no forms available now so order them forcefully. other thing is that arrange stalls with forms and bank agent  at every cross roads or at circle. for this give notice to every banks that provide stalls in any 5 days for 1 month.
1 0 Sir, no account was opened under Jan-Dhan yojna in Jamui district of Bihar till date.Bank only held a camp oneday in August 2014 and accepted  about 2000 application but not a single account has been opened by Banks in Jamui. Bank says we have no staff for said yojna. I request you to look into the matter. I also apprehend that said yojna was not taken seriously by Banks in whole Bihar for political reasons..
1 0 The benefits of having a bank account should be communicated to the people in the remotest of villages in a simple manner and in the langauage they can easily understand. Also, influential people in the villages should be asked to spread this message. In parallel adequate infrastructure and availability of bank staff/banking correspondents should be ensured in all the villages. In the un-organised sector which employs a large number of peole, contractors/owners should be mandated to disburse wages to workers only through bank accounts.
1 0 respected prime ministerji we need your email id so that we can send our detail complaints against indian financial service sector and this would be eye opener for why the inflation is going up and you would know that the black money of swiss bank had been pumped into stock market and we seek justice for my case please help your innocent citizen and who is your well wisher and pray for your prospority and growth and welfare
0 0 covering all house holders under pradhan mantri Jan-Dhan yojana can only be viable if Post Office network will be utilized as it has both experience and reach. The commercial banks have yet not penetrated to the remotest area of the country and also they have not requisite man power to carry out such a massive task in time bound manner. So please bring post offices or the elementary educational institution for the better results.
1 0 Sir, Bank managers of rural banks are not supporting very well. As per my view this program will be linked with NRLM for females, because NRLM also worked for total financial inclusion theme positively. Give the power of Monitoring and Evaluation to NRLM's block level officials because they are connected directly to community.
0 0 Please make a compulsory rule that every person rope a tree to outside of his house & also make a rule that it is compulsory for highway authority rope a tree at highway. (Rule means constitutional rule)
1 0 sir
my friends open account as per jan-dhan yojana progrmme so the bank take some of amount  as a charge of on line process i think its wrong process and other citizen also pay some of amount, some of banks not making intrest in account opening
0 0 BRING THE POST-OFFICES --through-out the country --the main Medium-of JandhanYojna. Banks shall be left out--for Other Commercial activities --Revive the Post-Offices-- as they are more approachable & can be equipped as Digital-Centre  for JANDHAN YOJNA.----
0 0 Pl ask all the state govts.to entrust their MLAs, irrespective of party colours who, in turn will ask the councillors of municipalities/panchayats under their bidhan sabha jurisdiction to check each household & ensure opening of A/C of those not having. Moreover, A/C opening forms with a leaflet to be distributed in remote rural areas. Also flying checking be made at banks of such areas turning down A/C opening plea. Implementation shud be viewed seriously for success coz u know govt.employees.
0 0 I think household is ruled by women, hence schemes flexible fixed deposits with special interest rate for women, special features for women would draw more attention. Linking the account to RD account would also be helpful.To open accounts special women centric events should be organised or existing events like cultural programs, craft mela , or bachat gat melas. Or any big event that happens in city should be considered for promotion..
0 0 Use Mobile Web Sites to collect data, ask to upload scanned copies of Proofs (Address, Photo etc)
Use SMS based data collection; applicants to be identified with Unique SMS Transaction ID
Ask to visit nearby Retail Shops along with Proofs and submit forms & proofs; incentivise Retail Shops help with Data Collection and Submission with nearby Bank Branches
Use Courier Companies/Post Offices to send Pass Book,Cheque Book,Debit Card & PIN, Online Account Login/PIN/Transaction PIN to A/c holders
0 0 If the all family members have Bank accounts , advise Banks to also give chance to a/c holders to convert there Bank a/c to Jan Dhan Yojana.
Morever , utilize the sales, Marketing forces of Banks,Insurance & deposit schemes to enhance this scheme upto each and every peoples of india .
Tally the numbers of a/c with the numbers of Aadhar Card ,ration card,election Card.  
But at first ,we have to complete Aadhar Cards. Because its not possible to take more than 1 card for the person.
0 0 Simply  opening an account and getting 5000I N R from a nationalized bank may not fully serve the purpose sir. We are to be tempted to invest it and learn to grow the seed into a fructifying tree. Then it becomes more than successful. we must be advised how to invest it in growing govt. projects etc for a fixed period after which it should start paying back to the investor. pl try to help us in that way Sharma Bangalore
1 0 1. Any bank staff should collect docs & open ac anywhere in the region.
0 0 covering all households in the country my suggestion is
REDUCE INSURANCE COVER BY RS 50000/-& DIVERT SAVED FUND+ ENCOURAGE SUBSIDY,TO SAID BANK ACCOUNT,AS JAN DHAN ENCOURAGE FUND TO THE TUNE OF RS 1000/-, WHICH MAY ADJUST FROM FUTURE DISBURSAL SUBSIDY THROUGH E.M.I.
I hope that task will complete on or before 26-01-15
1 0 1. Still in Urban areas for maids, servants, daily wage labor acs not getting opened. 2. Banks are still turning down them inspite of having documents as suggested in the scheme. 3. Vigor in initial days is waning away. Vigor was on when in monsoon session. 4. Now mass population is free post harvest. Ac is a must to credit. 5. Each melas, weekly bajars to have booth to open ac. Provid diff weeks to diff bank. 6. Rope in NGO to open ac for their credit to individual. 7. Sudden instruction must.
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, FOR COVERING ALL HOUSEHOLDS UNDER PRADHAN MANTRI JAN DHAN YOJANA BY 26th JANUARY 2015 WHOLE OF THE CONCERNED BANK STAFF SHOULD ADVISE TO CONTACT EACH AND EVER HOUSE OF OUR COUNTRY AND GET THE TASK ACHIEVED AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE. FOR THIS VERY PURPOSE BANK STAFF SHOULD BE GIVEN MOTIVATION.
0 0 Make compulsory the payment of funds of welfare schemes through cheques or ecs/direct transfer. RBI should clearly publicize that Rs 20 fee after every five transaction from own bank is applicable to metropolitan cities only. This scheme has a very negative effect on jan-dhan yojana. because people are using their common sense to avoid such loss resulting in increasing unnacessary load on banks,  rumor is that opening of account will ultimately benefit banks and private companies
1 0 These accounts would generate very huge volumes of very small amounts in savings. Administration would prove very difficult unless they have computer programs specifically designed to cater to them. They have the potential to generate very large amounts of stable and constant source of funding. The problem is charges per account administration as per existing norms.. So we need very different, innovative and smart yet cost friendly way to deal with them. Bankers should brainstorm and ideate.
0 0 Respected modiji , Responsibility for getting an account opened for every household can be done by making these bodies accountable for getting people enrolled and looking into their problems. 1) Village- sarpanch and village development officer 2) block- block pramukh and block development officer 3) district -zila pramukh and district magistrate . In cites their be a body looking after registration of workers like rickshaw pullers,labour,maids, drivers have their accounts opened too.
1 0 For success for PNJDY, please complete AADHAR project in next 6 months.
0 0 Respected Sir,
To mobilize all households to join Pradhanmantri Jan-dhan yojana, I would like to suggest to take the help of National Savings Agents already appointed as SAS Agent, MPKBY agent and PPF agent, besides help can also be taken from LIC and other agents appointed by various Financial Institutions. I hoe this suggestion will yield good results
0 0 There should also be a fixed working day every week and dedicated desk at bank branch to open account. Insurance agents, chit fund agents, direct selling agents having much much greater penetration of customer access. Use them
0 0 5. Ac should be opened at Gram Sabhas, Gram Panchayat, Petrol Pumps, Karosene Supplier, Forest Officer Depo, Farm Warehouses etc. 6. Micro finance Companies must open an ac & give credit to these ac only. NBFC MFS RBI can make such rule.  7. Mundi credit & transporters credit to be given in this ac. 7. Govt should only give credit for any scheme under this ac or money will not be credited.
0 0 PEOPLE WILL BE ATTRACTED THIS YOJANA IF SERVICES LIKE --- FREE INSURANCE COVER FOR DEATH, HASSLE FREE HARASSMENT FREE SINGLE VISIT OPENING AND CLOSING OF ACCOUNT,  DOOR TO DOOR MOBILE BANKING SERVICES, ETC. --- ARE PROVIDED. THIS CONGRESS PARTY CREATED SEPARATIST THINKING OF FAMILIES BELOW POVERTY LINE AND FAMILIES ABOVE POVERTY LINE SHOULD END. EXCEPT FEW DOZEN POLITICAL FAMILIES AND BUSINESS FAMILIES, EVERY INDIAN IS AT THE MERCY OF GOD AND SHOULD BE TREATED ALIKE.
0 0 PMJDY Is very good scheme to Transfer of LPG Subsidy to the Bank, It will phase out of misuse of subsidy, I request the Govt. Of India to also use the JMJDY to transfer of Kerosene oil & Food grain subsidy to phase out of misuse of subsidy, Also Request the Govt. Of India to increase of Personal Accident Insurance Amount to atleast Rs. Two lakhs because of it is very useful of needy people of our country and it is a affordable.
0 0 First of all bank is not interested in opening account of people who do not have account. United Bank of India, Chengail branch in Howrah, West Bengal said that they are not opening the account now. This is an instance. There should be proper instruction, infrastructure at bank. Include all co-operative banks, Banking correspondence in this programme. Co-operative bank should have the authority to open account.
0 0 1. While ac getting opened. need to check if duplicate acs are getting opened. 2. Send monthly list to IBA & identify only new ac holders. 3. Money flowing may be sheddy in nature till govt not started crediting in ac. Catch them. 4. Open acs at post offices / railway depos / railway station / railway crossing across the rural India.
0 1 Deploy retired army men to help bank employees to open accounts for each household in India. People will not come to bank. Bank employees have to go door to door. Please don't involve Panchayat.
1 0 ये योजना कारगर है इसमें कोई संदेह नहीं मगर जनता के बीच अख़बार या संचार माध्यम से इसकी उपयोगिता ठीक तरीके से बतानी होगी। जैसे रोजाना जमा, वृद्धा एवं विधवा पेंशन , छोटे कामकाज के लिए मिलने वाले सरकारी लोन ,अथवा सरकार द्वारा जो भी जनहित के लिए रुपया जायेगा वो सीधा इस खा ते  में जायेगा। और बैंको को सख्त निर्देश देवे ताकि वे स्वतंत्र होकर पुरे विस्वास के साथ खाता खोले। क्यों की बैंक इन खातों को खोलने के लिए नतो कोई कैंप कर रही है न अपना कोई विषेस योगदान दिखा रही है।
1 0 Government should check the details Of all Branches of all banks which are available in remote locations, As In Some Parts Of Bihar Bank Staff is saying that We have only target like 200 A/Cs in our Branch.In those parts Huge Crowd ,But They are not ready to listen the people.
While there is no any target as per my knowledge.
This step should be taken immediately, to prevent the misuse of Bank Staff"s power.
They have been appointed for serving,But they ruling the people.
0 0 Respected Sir, In this Scheme Rs 5000 thousand should be paid to account holder for business or any, but my opinion is that this amount is very less to start business or shop need to increase it. If the increased amount paid to acc holder he can  start his mini business,shop or any he can make more money for himself and his saving is also increased.
1 0 Let banks fill up account opening form automatically in advance based on voters list. You can ask TCS to write a program in  3 days. Banks have to generate ATM cards as well. Bank employees must reach each household between 9am to 9pm with the printed form for signature along with ATM card, cheque book. Bank should not ask for ID proof. There could be duplicate accounts which can be sorted out later on. Put a transaction limit of rs 10,000 on such accounts till ID proof is given.
0 0 It will be possible through,small community banks focusing on specific geographical areas. Small community banks will form a very important segment of the Bhartiya banking system,These banks should be closely tied to the local communities and focus on mainly ‘relationship banking’. Secondly, we can have a Banking counter in each Panchayts linked electronically to all banks in the Taluk/Districts. Based on the customer choice the operator gets connected to perticular bank & get account opened.
2 0 Few suggestions:
1. Every Adhaar card should be linked with a Bank account. Given that there is already a good percentage of people who have Adhaar card, it would be easy to identify people who dont have an associated bank account
2. Having a bank account should be made mandatory once students get into class 5th so that we catch population early on
3. Bank account should also be made mandatory for mobile phone connection, passport, ration cards to cover broader population
0 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, for covering the PMJDY Programme before 26/01/2015, the no. of households who were registered and issued Job Cards under MGNREGA can be taken into consideration and those who have already opened accounts can be converted in to PMJDY accounts and for the remaining households the grama panchayat members of the respective grama panchayats of the country can be given a task and role to identify the household and create awareness about PMJDY and ask them to open accounts.
2 0 Like PMJDY  please launch pension scheme to those who are not getting anything after 58yrs. There are many people who work hard till their 58 and there will not be any or EPF,PF facilities(daily wager"s, labourers,contract basis workers etc.)
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, FOR COVERING ALL HOUSEHOLDS UNDER PRADHAN MANTRI JAN-DHAN YOJANA BY 26th JANUARY 2015 WE SUGGEST THAT EACH AND EVERY BANK KARMACHARY SHOULD BE ADVISED TO GET VISIT OF EACH AND EVERY HOUSE OF EACH AND EVERY CITIES AND VILLAGES OF OUR WHOLE OF COUNTRY AND GET THE DECIDED TASK TO BE PERFORMED AT THE EARLIEST. THERE SHOULD BE MOTIVATION TO BANK KARMACHARY FOR THE TARGET COMPLETED BY HIM. SIR BUT THERE IS A BIG PROBLEM IN THE BANKS 60% BANKS DENY THAT THEY ARE NOT HAVING FORMS.
1 0 Respected Hon' able PM sir,
in Jamshedpur in minimum people received money from PMJDY. in Jamshedpur (village side ) so many people under BPL and they have not any Id Card and Bank not open their account with their Permanent Id card , Bank employees says for Local Id Card, Please solve this problem. 
Debabrata Mnadal
m-9504650490
1 0 UNDER PMJDY ACCOUNT PROCESSING , BANK SHOULD BE FOLLOW UP DOOR TO DOOR STEP. IT IS ONLY REAL WAY FOR SCRUTINIZING AND CATEGORISM  INTO INCOME LEVEL
2 0 And the banks can open up mini branches with one person with a laptop in a kiosk or small shop in rural areas like the phone companies. Let the people come to bank by making then smaller as poor people afraid to go to big bank or branches as they feel neglected in the crowd as no one listen to them for there problem. Same concept as a person with 100 rs in this pocket won't go to a five star hotel for a cup of tea, he will rather stand on the road and have the same cup from a local tea vendor.
1 0 ek kadam pradhanmatri jan dhan yojna ki or
0 0 Bank employees (who are called Bank officers) and paid hefty salaries and comfortable work place, and most of their manual work burdon  have been brought down due to costly computerisation and bank software for various functions They have no 100% work load of withdrawals/payments as before. Mechanisation have reduced their work load. Still PSBank do not respond customers' problems. They do not care for Sr.Citizens who come to bank for their humble financial needs. The banks care more to bussines
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, FOR COVERING ALL HOUSEHOLDS UNDER PRADHAN MANTRI JAN-DHAN YOJANA BY 26th JANUARY 2015 WE SUGGEST THAT EACH AND EVERY BANK KARMACHARY SHOULD BE ADVISED TO GET VISIT OF EACH AND EVERY HOUSE OF EACH AND EVERY CITIES AND VILLAGES OF OUR WHOLE OF COUNTRY AND GET THE DECIDED TASK TO BE PERFORMED AT THE EARLIEST. THERE SHOULD BE MOTIVATION TO BANK KARMACHARY FOR THE TARGET COMPLETED BY HIM.Sir, we belive that there should be miracle result of early achieving the decided task.
0 0 In TamilNadu  one rupee and higher denom . coins are  falling very short.recently. Vegetable  Tomato  price again shooting up.
0 0 PMJDY IS RIGHT WAY FOR UP GRADATION OF BPL. BUT IT SHOULD NOT BE CATEGORIZED  BETWEEN LOWER  & HIGHER. CAST, MEANS CASTISM. IT SHOULD BE CATEGORIZED BETWEEN INCOME LEVELS
0 0 Sir
I strongly believe, banks must be guided properly , to extend their acceptability to the urban customers, so that they feel comfort in coming to bank and do the needful
Thank you Sir
0 0 Most of the middle & upper class people are not involved in this scheme as they already have their bank a/cs. The best way to get them involved - All the salary a/cs can be transferred under this scheme will make sure that all salaried employees have their Jandhan a/c. Also all industrial firms should have atleast one Jandhan a/c. This will increase the total amount in a/cs as well and as these people don't have to open any new a/c just to join the scheme.
1 0 During the time of election everyone is exited and do all efforts to win a ticket, let them play some noble responsibility for a national cause. It will also be a good platform for the participants to reach out people and also poor family will get attention in the right manner, as nothing can't be achieved without a right motivation.
0 0 pmjdy scheme is one of the big initiative but to maintain such a huge database is the main challenge.
0 0 i think we should make sure that no cash transfer happens above 100rs initially. Gradually all  shops  can get a electronic cash transaction machine which will directly cut the cash from prepaid card/bankcard.For cab /auto providers it should be another card in which usr can do topups and use when ever they are taking any cab/bus/auto service[they have done it in cochi -Kerala for buses].that way we should be able to stop this bribe and blackmony.later stop that 100 rupee note also.
1 0 pl  add ngo's from all  service areas bank jurisdiction then as I think it will a great revolutionary step.thank you
0 0 This is a Superb Scheme But the RBI rules for charging ATM withdrawals is unnecessary penalty for genuine customers, who are in middle class group and low category people.
0 0 It is beyond any one imagination that how banks function. A senion Citizen having eye problem has given cheque to a party forgetting to sign, and the party without verifying submitted the cheque in his bank and that branch also without verifying the absence of signature admitted the cheque and sent to original bank for realisation. When signature is found absent, both parties have been penalised with heavy penalties. Is it not the duty of the cheque receiving bank to veiry the correctness?
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना को गावो के अलावा शहरी भागों मै पहुचने के लिए एक नेटवर्क scheme लानी पड़ेगी ,जिससे की देश का हर आदमी इस योजना से प्रत्यक्ष रूप से जुड़ सकेगा और सरकारी स्कीम का लाभ कमा सकेगा हरएक बैंक खाते के लिए सरकार आम आदमी को एक रकम मुहया करावे काम और पैसा के चाहा रखने वाले लोग इस से घर बैठे जुडेगे और देश का हर आदमी अपने को सरकार से सीधा जुड़ा हुवा महसूस करेगा..इसी का सीधा मतलब साकार होंगा" जन धन"
1 0 Sir my suggestion to to cover all households with Bank accounts by 26th January will be:
1.Please develop a portal by taking the help from Electoral Roll and ask all the Gram Panchayat Incharge/Ward incharge to fill up the Bank account details against each electoral household.
2. If some Household is not having Bank account their account will be opened and the number can be entered.
Don't give the task of Survey to Banks. Because most of the Banks are running with acute staff shortage
0 0 This is a good scheme. But in our country any good scheme is implemented very badly due to target approach both number and deadlines. Already instances of duplication is heard as there  is no  single customer Id unique to trace already  existing accounts elsewhere. The Zero balance is attractive to existing  customers also hence duplication is taking place. Bank branches want to oblige and impress their  head offices  with numbers and Head offices  impress Government.Let this mutual pleasing ..
0 0 YAH SEVA NGO KO DEJIYE ISKE BARE ME HAR GAON MAIN NGO KAM KARENGE AUR NGO KO BHI APNA KAM CHALANA MAIN SAHAYOG MILEGA
0 0 बैंक आधे अधूरे मन से इस योजना पर काम कर रहे है लोगो के फार्म अगस्त से जमा है परन्तु अभी तक खाते खुल नही पाये है कुछ लोगो को पासबुक नही मिली है कुछ लोगो को  रूपेकार्ड नही मिला है  कर्मचारी कुछ न कुछ  बहाना बना कर बाद  मे आने को कह देते है बैंक कर्मचारियो को और अधिक सम्रर्पित होकर कार्य करना चाहिए तभी यह योजना बिना किसी किंतु परन्तु के साथ सफल हो सकती है
0 0 regarding the ATM transactions. the problem arising on the side of bank is of long queues and rush at the banks. the ATM usage is by the common man and to become burden of the men. the person is forced to open more SB accounts to operate ATM without Charges. and charges to be limited to 0.05% of the transacted amount.
0 0 जन धन योजना के साथ जन स्वाथय विमा गेरेंटी योजना पोलीसी की सुविधा खाता धारक को दी जाए...एल,आइ,सी ओर पोस्टल विमा जैसे सरकारी संस्थानो से स्वासथय विमा सुविधा इस जन धन योजना से मिले...पोलीसी की रकम खाता धारक के खाते से भुगतान हो जाये एसी व्यवस्था बनाइ जाए....आज के समय मे स्वासथय विमा प्रतयेक नागरीक के लिए अनिवार्य है...एफ,डी,आइ की विमा योजना से जन स्वास्थय विमा योजना बनाइ जा सकती है...भारत देश मे सालाना १५०० रुपीये तक कोइ भी परिवार विमा पोलीसी का भुगतान देने मे असक्षम नही है..
0 0 sir, in vellore-632004, Tamilnadu, i asked 2 banks city union bank and dhanlakshmi bank, they have big banner of  Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana by 26th January 2015, but they delaying   to open account, pls help us, thanking you, my mobile number 9865678131, 9487585438
0 0 It is believed that GOI Finance ministry and RBI are not viewing matters alike and take decisions tangentially.If M.F take decisions detrimental to general public RBI comes to rescue. When GOI take positive steps RBI takes tangent steps shocking to bank customers. it is high time to review penalty charges levied by banks on various actions/lapses  and rationalise them again. One should not forget the present NDA Govt is common man friendly  and banks should also customer friendly.
2 0 To make ensure every family has a bank a/c the MP, MLA & other looking for election tickets should be made responsible for opening atleast 1000 family a/c in there constituency before they get nomination filed. And election commission should be given extra responsibility in there free period to make a cross check as they have the list of every citizen. Acc. to this if applied in last center election - 82,05,000 families could have a/c in bank.And many more if applied to all state elections.
0 0 This Yojna is no doubt a good initiatives, would have been more better, if a customer get chances to apply on line and may be for a mere formality , he has to go to the bank to regularise the accounts
0 0 sir this is to be done if the transactions above Rs.50001.00 to be e banking or by cheque or DD. so all the people who do  transactions to be through account only.
0 0 can i open an account in pradhanmantri jan dhan yojna scheme online for better service
1 0 This is a Superb Scheme. The scheme should also make sure that the account is linked to the Aadar, for which the bank should be made accountable to ensure.  By making the Bank Accountable the possibility of misrepresentation will be reduced. By making the Aadar linked to the bank account which is verified by the bank, it would be easier to identify misrepresented / fraudulent Aadar cards.  The process of multi filter approach will make the Aadar one of the best identity and linking all governmen
1 0 The RBI rules for charging  ATM withdrawals  is  unnecessary penalty for genuine customers, who are in middle class group and low category people. In the context of introduction of   PMJDY scheme, thousands  of lower income group people have opened SB a/ct and banks have given the ATM cards. In the present position it is not known how RBI has issued penalty for withdrawal ATM ..At present all banks are collecting more than 3 dozen charges levied for hard earned money and fleese hapless customers
2 0 These poor ppl on whom this scheme is focused r daily wage earners.They can't afford to skip wages & stand in queues.So banks should reach them.They can open extn.counter in villages at a time convenient to villagers or a few employees frm bank can be given target(weekly) and asked to go door to door to open the accounts.They shld be paidTA DA&renumeration for this.Targets can not be forced upon.They have to work out targets between govt& bankofficials with mutual consent and true spirit.
0 0 in our area bank incharge not interested to open this account my friend fill up form some day ago but not till open account  i open an account with some amount but bank manager says  you go your area . for open bank acount this happened in only govt.( sarkari bank) nationallise bank
0 0 Bank officials are not taking initiative, as they don't get any incentive. we should request village Pradhans in villages and RWA's in cities to encourage deserving and poorest of poor to enroll. PDS should be linked to this bank account. Thanks
0 0 Now a days almost 60% people leaves in the rural areas  most of people use the smartphone but the problem is that some areas has no internet connection nd somewhere available, some known use of internet nd another are not aware with it just they use for playing games, so provides internet facilities to rural nd provide one person from them villages who can teach the use of internet in mobile and computers they can learn nd teach others everything from it like study, farming,government plans etc.
0 0 गावो मै रोजगार की चाहते रकने वाले यूवक व यूवती इस योजना का अधिक से अधिक लाभ उठा सके व अधिक से अधिक लोगो को जोड़ सके,इसक.
0 0 Bank should send agencies to all household which are still not covering in this scheme can open an account instantly on line. Give all details of the benefits of opening this account to the household persons. And advice the household to nearby bank for collecting the passbook. It will help to make habituate of  individuals to reach the bank regularly.
1 0 Bank officials  are  not interested  to open Jan dhan Yojna accounts   AND DO NOT HELP POOR PEOPLE , How they dare  to ignore in Modi Raj, it is gr8 insult to us .
0 0 It is very good scheme lounged by P.M. to bring all section of society to financial stream so that Govt. can pass on nation development benefits to poorest of the poor. Although this scheme direct the banks to open account of anyone not having account but some banks in city make excuses that their target is over or the person does not fall in their area  which sometime depress the account opener and they left without opening account it should be monitored and guilty be punished to achieve goals.
0 0 Its a superb scheme for poorest man to connect to baking network. However, bankers and RBI still have arrogant attitude towards a common man. In normal accounts, every time photo id is asked by banks for simple jobs such as address change etc. When customer has already provided the same earlier, why he is forced again and again for the same. Its wastage of paper and loss of trees. For address proof recently axis bank denied accepting even landline telephone bill copy as address proof
1 0 गावो मै रोजगार की चाहते रकने वाले यूवक व यूवती इस योजना का अधिक से अधिक लाभ उठा सके व अधिक से अधिक लोगो को जोड़ सके,इसके लिए प्रोत्साहन राशी का होना अति आवश्यक है जो यूवक इस योजना से जुड़ना चाहता है ऐसे लोगो को एक निश्चित अवधि के .लिए " जीतना काम उतना दाम" वाले फलसफे के लिए नियुक्त करना चाहिए,इससे विकास की भावना रखने वाले लोग ,पैसे कमाने की चाहत रखने वाले लोग जुडेगे,एक प्रतिस्पेर्धा का माहोल तैयार होंगा ,निश्चित अवधि मै योजना घर घर तक ज़रूर पहुचेगी इससे एक आधार कार्ड बनाने मै भी मदद मिलेगी.
0 0 This Dhan Jan yojana is good. But , people needed to be trained by Bank Official by visiting village to village and house to house.
0 0 it is a too good scheme to be implemented in our illiterate and unlawful country.let there be a scheme to impart culture and development of national culture. does the nation deserve such collective uplifting scheme where rubish,, rap ism, corruption, lawlessness are common rule!? to whom one may trust is the problem. judges, ministers, teachers, ias , ips officers industrialists artists, saints? labour of loyal s are wasted. however nothing wrong in trying.
0 0 The account under jhan dhan yojna are not allowed to have facility like online  and mobile banking. Bank,simply denied to give this facility. These are useful.
0 0 in all companies,salary or wages distribute by cheque ho,khai khai half salary cash or half cheque se hai....khai khai "GO" aata hai like....my salary 5000 hai,"GO"aaya salary hogai 5260.....salary register me, company cash payt kar rahi hai 5000 aur  ''Go" ka 260 payt ni kar rahi, signature pure 5260 par kara re hai,,,,na badane ka reason h ...hamare yha salary ek bar he badti hai ...isme jo poor people hai..unhe Rs 9 ka loss ho rha hai...aur 05 A/C open hone par Rs. 40 ka profit/person ko hai
0 0 Many politicians thinks that this is politics but I as common man thinks that this is liberalizations for those citizens who do not carry any concrete proofs of their identity since they are migrants from other states and even if they are staying in the place of domicile and rent a house then the landlord is never interested to make rent agreement. This makes grave situations for them to secure their earnings as they are disallowed to open an account in any bank in absence of these proofs.
0 0 Aadhar card are getting  alloted to people without  any address proof and now getting,use to,open,bank accounts. Some ,bank simple,opened,account using aadhar and no ration card proof. I don't  have ration card of maharashtra  but i have an aadhar,of maharashtra address, thats strange and a,sensitive ,issues,
0 0 Bank of  Baroda  Defence encl. delhi - 92.. branch (at new rajdhani enclave) have been approached  many times in last 3 weeks  but  doesnt  give forms  and are illmannered CONGRESS  employee, how can one open account , THEY NEED TO BE SET RIGHT and Punished..
0 0 just because SBI paid 2 crore's as the inter-connect ATM withdrawal fees , why should we coustomers  be penaliased for using the ATM's ???, i think if they can reduce the inter-connect ATM withdrawal fees , banks would be benefited , but infact banks want us to pay , and not cut short their profit margin.
i dont see a logic in this scheme . to make things worse ,RBI Governor, Rajan Raghuram has directed banks to collect transaction charges ,  i think they watch game of thrones & learn .
0 0 Dear PM sir,
This scheme is very nice to attract  people toward  banking  but idea  of zero  balance  is not so nice. Some simply create account  and never use it. I think  you should  appeal people to use the account  and to deposite money. Depit card  is of Rupay , which  is,not acceptable at every  online  merchant. Hardly few website allow use of Rupay debit card. So there is problem. Because  debit card is,more than withdraw  money from ATM's.
0 0 Good initiative, but people are required to be given education about financial activities like- Opening and operating the account, withdrawing money from ATM's, about health and other insurance etc. Grampanchayat, primay teachers and post offices may be a better channels to do this.. People need to be sensitised about spending and saving their mpney.
0 0 Road Construction worker was making Road at My Place.While talking I ask them whether they are aware of Jan Dhan yojana.They said no.They don't have permanent place of residence.They don't have Identity card,Adhar Card etc.No residence proof.how this people account should be open . We should  bring  them to the mainstream of the economy.Banks Rules should simplified.Bank official should go to there place if not the work should be allotted to College Student Through NSS,Scout Guide ,NCC etc
0 0 total no of branches of gov bank in india more than 50,000(approx). one bank in one day open minimum 100 accounts then 50 lakhs account in one day in india.means in one month 15 crores accounts(approx) in india.and we will achive our tarjet in few months.this target will easily achive by door to door method.means one bank employ from one branch of bank will go to door to door................please think.
0 0 I would like to bring to notice, in rajasthan banks are opening pmjdy a.c @ zero balance but when passbook and atm is demanded, they ask to first deposit 500 rs, verify in bissau. Raj
1 0 Ref this link : http://insidetrade.co/icici-bank-ltd-adr-nyseibn-atm-charges-hiked-2015-... . 
which says banks will charge us for using the ATM's , from Jan 01 2015.
which means banks will take money from us to give our money from ATM's , this is ridiculous ..its like feeding a duck , a duck's meat for meal .
banks say they spead anything around 75 to 100 Rs for 5 Trans made by any user . and to reduce this cost , they are passing on this inter-connect ATM withdrawal charges on us .
0 0 Its a very nice scheme for development of nation in future. I appreciate it. Overdraft facility & insurance are best provisions in this scheme.
0 0 सादर प्रणाम सर प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना की शुरुवाती सफलता के बाद इसको और अधिक सफल बनाने के लिए सर बैंक के अलावा डाकघर में भी खाता खोलने की सुविदा होनी चाहिए जिससे गाऊं गाऊं तक इसको पहुचाया जा सके चूँकि आज भी भारत के कई गाऊं में बैंक उपलब्ध नहीं है दुसरा ग्रामीण छेत्रों में ग्राम प्रधान को ये जिमेदारी देनी चाहिए की ओ अपनी पंचायत में प्रत्येक नागरिक का खाता खुलवाये सहरी छेत्रो में ये जिमेदारी निगम पारसद या विधायक को दी जा सकती है धन्याबाद
0 0 1. Most important is banks and their employees are not cooperative and does not provide any information.
2. When anyone asks for this scheme bank officials does not bother to respond properly or guide properly.
3. Governement has created scheme but i dont think its going to be all India success till government direct representatives are helping people to go ahead with scheme as bank people are not cooperative at all for most of the locations.
0 0 How to know my link bank which bank i have to open my account. kindly share the link how know the bank name.
0 0 Need more specific for account holders like Kabadiwal,Domestic helpers,Rag pickers,contraction workers.these all should pay through bank,so in future they will have credit in bank for their children education,support for health problem,Cash payment to these workers never count in transactions.
0 0 Any planing is not good or bad its depend upon how we are implementing this to the ground level, there thousands people in my knowledge who is still struggling for opening the account in bank and bank are refusing then as usual by asking daily new requirements. As I am from the very poor villagers so I know realty of the "Jan-Dhan Yojana".it would be good if there is contact Number/Person from which a common man can share his problem and register his complain against the banks.
Thanks
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जन धन योजना भारत के इतिहास मै एक नया मोड लाकर आएगी श्री नरेन्द्रभाई मोदी के द्वारा इस योजना को जन जन तक पहुचाने के लिए जरुरी सुजाव मेरी नज़र मै है हो सकता है इस सुजाव के अमल मै आने से जन धन योजना जन जन तक जरुर पहुचेगी , १) जन धन योजना को घर घर तक पहुचने के लिए देश की हर school के माध्यम से इस योजना को पहुचने का प्रयास करना चाहिए ,
२)जन धन योजना को गावो तक पहुचने के लिए गावो के युवको को योजना अधिक से अधिक लोगो तक पहुचने के लिए प्रोत्साहन राशी का प्रावधान रखना चाहिए,
0 0 To make sure all hav bank a/c, anganwadi and mnrega payment must also be routed through pmjdy and its members must reach out to t
0 0 हर मजदूर को उसकी तनखाह चेक की फॉर्म में मिले तो अपने आप सब समस्या हल हो जाएगी
0 0 To prosper the Down Trodden & Eliminate Rodent evils  IT IS VITALLY REQUIRED FOR ALL ELIGIBLE PERSON TO HAVE BANK ACCOUNT. To avoid duplicacy put the check through
 " AADHAR CARD " alike Social Security Card of Western & American Countries. Aadhar Card shall also help in curbing many other evils and shall be more convenient for various Govt. Department to track the persons and his/ her anecdotes. You have a mandate & courage, pls. go for Aadhar Card.
0 0 Make all payments mandatory by cheque and that's it.
0 0 (1) Private Banks have still not simplified A/C Opening Process.
(2) Currently Bank A/C Opening for Individual to carry-out small business is very difficult (Proprietor A/C has to be opened-up without additional proof. that will ease for individual person to undertake small business activities)
0 0 Make it mandatory for Public sector banks to introduce mobile banking in rural areas. If a certain bank has a strong presence in a particular area, that bank  should be responsible to cater to that area thro' mobile banking. Thus divide responsibility among public sector banks.
1 0 Make it mandatory for all payments by cheque For example people working with contractors should get their dues in cheque not in cash. In my office, the sweeping work is on contract, though the office pays the contractor by cheque but the contractor pays to the sweepers by cash. When I asked him to pay by cheque he said if he will pay by cheque then these people may create problem by claiming permanent employment. I don't think so. I think Govt. should make all  salary payment mandatory by cheque
0 0 The opening of account is not simplifies as made to understand. My illiterate maid who wanted an account to be opened was not allowed to open an account near  her place of work (where we could have assisted her) and told to open one near her residence. Further there was excessive rush and she was directed to a camp office which was working only for 2 hours at erratic timing. She ultimately could not open the account although she wanted to deposit around Rs 10,000/- of her savings
0 0 Ist Priority Is to link all households with an bank account,hence forth,most people do have an voter card I'd hence,by linking both u can cover maximum households,plus,excersise can be carried by ASHA workers who are working under nrhm,in health sector,U can incentivise these workers for,opening accounts,linking bank accounts with adhar card is nice idea,but,aadhar haven't got that coverage,make bank account mandatory with Matriculation,
0 0 sir अभी तक बहुत लोगो का बैंक अकाउंट खुला है पर उन्हे कोई पासबूक या कोई recipt नहीं मिला है जो इस योजना को सन्धेप्रद स्थिति मे डाल रहा है।बैंक वाले public को परेशान कर रहे है।best way यह है की हर बैंक से कुछ स्टाफ door door जा के technology का use कर के बैंक account खोल सकते है और account holder का verification भी कर सकते है।
