2 0 Dear Sir, please make it accessible online ... it's very easy & would prove to be most effective, something like BBB in USA/Canada ... award those merchants who resolve consumer grievance & punish those who ridicule poor consumers
0 0 Be a critic, when you criticize the discussion gets open and inputs in all aspects flow in which enlightens the mind and this prevents been a victim to false advert.
0 0 A separate department is required to regulate the jewellery market who fleece the innocent public by charging people of making and wastage charges. There should be a body to assess the entire process of the industry and set standards for the industry so that the innocent (particularly the middle and lower middle class) are not misled and made to pay heavily. The Government should make it mandatory to follow the regulations set by the Govt including the quality of the product.
0 0 To protect consumer rights process of filing complaint and resolution needs a drastic improvement.
Strict guidelines should be made to resolve cases under minimum time period
A separate department is needed that can act within 24 Hours of consumer grievance and help consumer to file complaint.
Review from consumers should also be taken regarding these departments.
And suo moto investigation should be taken up by government agencies to help consumer get redressal even in complex cases
0 0 2.8 million people working in BPO. Private company outsource business from out of country. They are getting money in pound and they are giving very small money to the employer, Request you to please involve in this sector as this is a very big sector, If you will involve in this sector we can get more benefits. We are doing hard work but salary is too low.
Request you to please look into this and so the needful
0 0 Call Centers call the persons and give their false identification and try to cheat the people. They do ask account numbers, Addresses, References which must be STOPPED. To be precise I am quoting such calls from these numbers +911408930020, +911409305042, +911409964001, +911416551911 as an example. There might be lot of numbers from where innocent people might be cheated.
My request that a system should be displayed for their identification in a prerecorded voice. All talks to be recorded
1 0 Cheating the consumers under the banner "*Conditions Apply". Such false display must be Punishable with a physical and Monetary Punishment
0 0 देश के कई महत्वपूर्ण समाचार पत्र मेँ कई भ्रामक विज्ञापन प्रकाशित होते हे जेसे गंजे सिर पर गोली के माध्यम से बाल उगाना ,गोली लेकर लंबाई बढ़ाना, गोली के माध्यम से लिंग के आकार मेँ वृद्धि करना , ऐसे अनेक भ्रामक विज्ञापन प्रिंट मीडिया के माध्यम से जन सामान्य के बिच जाते रहते हैं , ईस बारे में संगठनो के द्वारा बात रखी जाने पर उस पर कार्यवाही होना सुनीश्चीत करने के लिऐ जिला कलेक्टरो को सख्त निर्देश दीये जाने चहाईऐ , साथ ही जिले मे उपभोक्ता सरक्षण परीषद को सक्रीय करना चहाईऐ जो की मिलकर कार्य करे
0 0 स्वेच्छिक उपभोक्ता संगठनोँ को जिला स्तर पर कोचिंग, स्कूल ,कॉलेज ,मोहल्लो , कॉलोनीयो ,  मेँ जाकर गोष्ठियोँ के माध्यम से विज्ञापनो के संबंध मेँ जन सामानय को जागरुक किया जा सकता हे साथ ही इस संबंध मेँ उपभोक्ता संगठनोँ को  उपभोक्ता मंत्रालय के साथ समन्वय करके काम करने की छूट मिले तो अच्छे परिणाम सामने आ सकते हे इस क्षेत्र मेँ अखिल भारतीय ग्राहक पंचायत करकर 1 उपभोकता संगठन कार्य कर रहा हे सरकार चाहे तो संगठन के साथ मिलकर अपनी बात नीचे के अंचल तक पहुंचा भी सकती हे वो उसके परिणाम भी उत्तम होंगे
0 0 Like a movie sensor board or TRAI  why not implement Advertisement regulatory terms and conditions. But one thin movie sesor board I am not sure whether it is working properly or not . Since these days movies are very bad. Similaly traffice police can get the vehicle or heavy fine for Polluted vehicle. The vehicle which is not given for maintenance gives this pollution and cities are getting polluted and causing cancer. Similalry becuase of smokers others also getting cencer. This rules followed
0 0 Sir, Lot of corruption is going on even though if we have provided all the details to the dealer for registration of bank account for getting the subsidy in LPG, they are taking more money and are not providing the proper receipt for the same. In booking of cylinders and getting the cylinders also there is lot of corruption going on. Earlier procedure and conditions were much more better than the existing procedure. It is becoming difficult to get proper subsidy and number of cylinders on time.
1 0 people has huge complains against gov,semi govt,private agencies.... give the people an officeal portal where the people can lodge the complain & the agencies can give reply & people can judge the matter....In addition where people can get the phone,e-mail id,gradation from reputed agencies will be available.....we are awaiting....
1 0 अश्लील और भ्रामक विज्ञापनों को रोकने के लिए सरकार सुचना जनसम्पर्क विभाग को मजबूत बनाये  देश के सभी  जिले में जनसम्पर्क विभाग का कार्यालय मौजूद है जहा से आम आदमी की शिकायतों को संगृहीत किया जा सकता है मात्र हलके प्रचार प्रसार के जरिये उसके बाद संग्रह किये गए शिकायतों को निश्चित तिथि निर्धारित कर केंद्रीय सुचना जनसम्पर्क कार्यालय को भेजा जाये जहा शिकायतों का अविलम्ब निपटारा हो साथ ही केंद्र सरकार mygov.in  पर भी शिकायत एकत्रित करे ?
3 0 सरकार को सेंसर बोर्ड की तरह विज्ञापन के गुण दोष विवेचक बोर्ड का गठन करना चाहिए तथा प्रत्येक विज्ञापन को इस बोर्ड द्वारा review तथा अनुमोदन के पश्चात ही प्रसारण होना चाहिए। विज्ञापन को एक कोड (multi numerical ) बोर्ड द्वारा assign किया जाए। विज्ञापन के प्रसारण के समय यह कोड television की स्क्रीन पर प्रदर्शित हो एवम इसी के नीचे इस विज्ञापन को ब्लॉक करने का विकल्प रहे तथा इसे ब्लॉक करने का आधिकार उपभोक्ता का हो इस प्रकार किसी भी विज्ञापन पर उपभोक्ता का नियंत्रण होगा।
0 0 ॐ हरि,  इसके लिये तो एक आदेश का प्रचार ही काफी है --- कि भ्रामक ऐड के दोषी को भुक्तभोगी को १०० गुना मुआवजा और उतना ही धन सरकारी खाते में इसके साथ बिना बेल 6 माह की जेल होगी तथा केश की सीमा तीन माह ही होगी |
1 0 अर्थव्यवस्था के ईस दोर में विज्ञापनो द्वारा ग्राहको को बुरी तरह ठगा जा रहा हैं , विज्ञापन जारी करने से पहले , विज्ञापन में किऐ जा रहे दावो को जॉंच लिया जाऐ की कीऐ जा रहे दावे /ऐस्योरेंस उचीत हैं या नही !
यदी उचीत हैं तो विज्ञापन को अनुमती दी जावे और यदी विज्ञापन भ्रामक हैं तो अनुमती नही दी जावे ! विज्ञापन को टी.वी. पर प्रसारीत करने से पहले , रेग्युलेटरींग कमेटी हर हाल में बनाई जावे , यही ग्राहक हीत में होगा !
तथा प्रींट मीडीयॉ में भ्रामक  विज्ञापन ना  हो ईस हेतु कठोर गाईड लाईन तय की जाऐ
0 0 RESPECTED SIR THERE ARE LOT OF PEOPLE BOOKED HOUSES UNDER THE SCHEME OF HOUSING BOARD AFFORDABLE SCHEME FOR (KAMJOR AYVARG) IN 2009 BUT TILL THE DATE HOUSING BOARD DIDN'T HAND OVER TO BOOKING HOLDER UN NECESSARY THEY ARE MAKING DELAY SO PLEASE TAKE NECESSARY ACTION ON THIS MATTER
2 0 Its given that last date to submit the comment is on  23rd January 2015. My concern is weather it is still open ? or continuing comments are going to be rejected ?
0 0 ಸುಳ್ಳು ಜಾಹಿರಾತುಗಳನ್ನು ತಡೆಗಟ್ಟುವುದು ಇಂದು ಅತಿ ಅವಶ್ಯವಾಗಿದೆ. ಮುಖಬೆಲೆಗಿಂತ ಹೆಚ್ಚಿನ ಬೆಲೆ ತೆಗೆದುಕೊಳ್ಳುವುದನ್ನು ತಪ್ಪಿಸಬೇಕಾಗಿದೆ. ವಸ್ತುವಿಗೆ ಅಧಿಕ ಬೆಲೆ ನಿಗದಿಗೊಳಿಸುವುದನ್ನು ತಪ್ಪಿಸಬೇಕಾಗಿದೆ.
1 0 ad verification committee making by government  .! one member of this having job fixed in press office
0 0 ഓരോ ഉത്‌പന്നത്തെ സംബന്ധിച്ചും ഉപഭോക്താക്കള്‍ക്ക്‌  അഭിപ്രായം രേഖപെടുത്താന്‍ സോഷ്യല്‍ നെറ്റ് വര്‍ക്കുകളില്‍ അവസരം ഉണ്ടാക്കുക.തെറ്റായ അവകാശവാദങ്ങള്‍ ഉന്നയിക്കാന്‍ അനുവദിക്കാതിരിക്കുക .പല കണ്‍സ്യൂമര്‍ ഓര്‍ഗനൈസേഷനുകള്‍ നിര്‍ജീവമാണ്. സന്നദ്ധ പ്രവര്‍ത്തന തത്പരത നഷ്ടമാകുന്നു.സ്ഥാനമാനം അലങ്കരിക്കാന്‍ ഉള്ള വേദിയായി അധപ്പതിച്ചു. ശക്തമായ നിയമങ്ങള്‍ ഉണ്ടാകണം.
1 0 The first step in this direction will be a law which requires  "Truth in Advertising" with so many claims being made due to product promotion and the consumer not being able to discern The good from False Claims. Govt via Consumer Protection laws and drug policy should be able to do this using mass media as well
2 0 Role as given below:
1) Should provide One point contact
2) Consumer can report about such misleading Advertisement
3) Government itself advertise about such problematic Advertisement in media
1 0 Once you make complain easy and liability insurance automatically every body will start challenging the add for their bogus claims. "terms and condition apply" should be disclosed in add in more details and should have bearing on the advertisement company as well as product company for misleading information. once insurance sector is involved they will automatically restricts bogus claims as pre-filtering for their own profits.
3 0 all advertisement should prove their points on recognized standards either world wide or of india. if a cream boast of bringing fairness then it should be tested as per set standard and the same should be reflected as result/outcome in the add. if you are making comparison then details of those products should be disclosed openly and discussed out. giving arbitrary comparison like general washing powder/cream etc is not standardizing. liability insurance should cover bogus claims
2 0 I think first government should make it easy for citizens to complain against misleading advertisements and also should randomly monitor various ads themselves. Then as a next step, they should heavily highlight the transparency and impartial stand of this department and invite smart citizens to come forward and share information regarding misleading ads. Without this, if you first ask what citizen can do, the whole thing is pointless. Indians have way too many daily problems to deal with.
0 0 छठी से दसवीं कक्षा तक के स्कूली पाठ्यक्रम में इस बात की "व्यवहारिक  शिक्षा"  को अनिवार्य किया जाये की एक ग्राहक के रूप में लोगो के क्या अधिकार हैं, बाजार की चकाचौंध में भ्रमित होने से कैसे बचा जा सकता है ,  अपना माल बेचने के लिए लोग किस तरह से ग्राहकों से धोखा करते हैं ,  तथा ग्राहक अधिकारों के उल्लंघन की स्थिति में क़ानूनी उपचार के क्या प्रावधान हैं।
0 0 Thousands of highly unsafe crossings dot the country.Accidents are routine at these spots and unsuspecting people get killed.The substandard condition of the tracks & poor maintenance of this stretch may be also a cause for accidents.Railways should focus on safety,not speed.We want better services,cleanliness on long distance services.The quality of the food is not good at the present trains.It has to be maintained with sufficient improvements.These steps is for better services in existing ones
0 0 India society has included transgenders in social & cultural life.But today they are facing ridicule,humiliation & isolation & are excluded from education & employment.Discrimination against transgenders,whether for education or employment has forced them to begging or prostitution.Agencies need to setup to take the process further to play a pioneering role.Setup Transgender Welfare Board to suit their needs & to design for themselves & to access on certain government schemes.
0 0 This lack of transparency also makes us wonder as to what additional or advance information the Petroleum companies are interested in gaining from the Ministry that they reportedly had to resort to stealing of documents?  The Ministry of Coal had been one such about which citizens know very little.  The present Petroleum Ministry should not slip in the same way.  Hence there should be a transparency in Ministry.
0 0 The recent case of alleged corporate espionage in the Petroleum Ministry is a wakeup call regarding the underhand dealings and mess that exists in the Ministries connected with vital resources and essential infrastructure.  During the UPA II era, we saw the Ministry of Coal coming under the cloud of a huge corruption scandal.  The scandal connected to the Department of Telecommunications was instrumental in the fall of earlier government.  The Petroleum Ministry has always been in enigma.
0 0 Most of the time the Government ended up hiking the price of Petrol and Diesel.  The petroleum and natural Gas sector is suffering from lack of transparency.  When there is a lack of woeful transparency in any Government Department it becomes a fertile ground for shady nefarious activities.  The Public is mostly in dark.  People treat the prices of Petrol/ Diesel/ Cooking Gas in fatalistic manner, as something over which they have no control.
0 0 Technology is replacing low skilled jobs in our country & education has become barrier for the middleclass involved in routine activities to take up high skilled jobs.We prefer a more gentle approach to tackle inflation with a lot more state participation & intervention,increase productivity by creating a unified market,reducing the barriers to population & capital movement.
0 0 Indians are toilet deprieved,needs a sanitation policy.Most of Rural Indians have no access to toilets & in some parts of the country it is even worse.Poor sanitation has ensured that Indians have amongst the highest rates of malnutrition,satunting & mental retardation.A determined leader & dedicated administration in partnership with civil society & citizens could give us a sanitation revolution.Most of the sanitation problem will go away if we provide the majority of Indians with toilet access
0 0 All company and school owners increase the fare of Buses & taxi due to hike in petrol and diesel prices. now prices are reduced they should also take care of this. So please double check on this is clearly cheating to ppl and govt should take care this.
0 0 #SuperBudget टुकडो टुकडो में करने  से अच्छा है गावो (पंचायतो ) को लिमिटेड कंपनी ही बना दी जाए http://kishan13g.blogspot.in
0 0 Glad that the Ministry has stepped in to address this issue.Till recently,VCOs have been representing matters of misleading ads to ASCI housed in Mumbai.If there is going to be local action,then,it would really help.Govt should clearly indicate the authority responsible and give prompt feedback on action taken and should support VCOs in conducting awareness programs.VCOs could co-ordinate with consumer clubs in colleges,make students identify misleading ads in various media and take appro action
1 0 पंचायती राज को मजबूत बनाकर रोजगार सृजन किया जा सकता है ...................मंरेगा को मजबूत बनाया जाय .......................
0 0 Re-employment and   after retirement Consultant recruitment in Govt.totally wrong policy immediately close this policy after create jobs indian youth
0 0 Why in our country media running by overseas ppl ,our gov should ban that channel n advertise which are own by overseas ppl
0 0 Subhas Chandra Bose
 Jan-23-1897 surprisingly all Publication Forget : A HONEST FREEDOM FIGHTER  WE SHOULD SALUTE him
1 0 This is what future of Surat Should Be. Check it Out! #HemantNandwani
1 0 Please have some punishments or fines for misleading advertisements.Voluntary Consumer Organizations should make more of advertisements regarding awareness on this topic.If possible trap some misleading advertisements and show them on television.Use popular channels of television like Sony, Star Plus, Colors, etc. for advertisements.
2 0 SIR PLEASE ARRANGE TO IMPOSE PUNISHMENT FOR THROWING TRASH, INSTEAD OF CLEANING.IF WE CLEAN TODAY SOME ONE WILL THROW TOMORROW AGAIN
0 0 Dear Sir most international flight timings are during night time,please arrange all international flights timings in daytime instead of night
0 0 Advertisements should follow code of conduct set up by government and government forums like CPC should have a control and code of conduct should be based on the product.whether it may be product or service and business ethics practices towards customer by organizations should increase..
0 1 SIR,
DEDICATION AND DEVOTION FROM THE GOVERNMENT SECTOR IS DIMINISHING DAY BY DAY.I  AM GANESHBABU CHEBOLU SERVED DEPT OF TELECOM AND LATER BSNL FOR 38+ YEARS OF SERVICE.WHILE PAYING THE FINAL BENEFITS A LOT OF DELAY HAPPENED.MY LEAVE ENCASHMENT,DCRG AND LEAVE COMMUTATION HAVE BEEN PAID IN DEC 2014.DUE TO NON SUBMISSION OF RELAVANT FORMS TO THE PR.CCA OFFICE AT HYDERABAD BY AO(CA)GMTD OFFICE FOR MY GPF CLAIMS AN AMOUNT OF RS 20 LAKHS GPF SAVED IN MY A/C NO.TCAP/11359 HAS NOT BEEN PAID TILL DATE
0 0 as we know delhi is suffering from disaster of water but even though some people wasting too much water.. please make some provisions to stop them in forms of penalties..
two ladies near my house wasting much gallon of water and we are unable to stop them...pls do something...
2 0 Hello sir, whenever we stop at any traffic signal, we find many kids begging at everybody who stops at that signal. Not just traffic signal but at any other public places like temples , shopping malls to name a few. I am sure none of that kid is willingly begging and are forced to do that. This is growing day by day and a strong action needs to be taken against the goons behind child trafficking. My question to you is what actions is our government going to take to save these children? Thanks.
0 0 Hon'ble pm sir
In our country there is more than 65% of youth where most of them are in private sectors,and working for mnc's .They should provide an opportunity in the politics as they work dynamically with creativity and should give the youths the opportunity to open their own organisations and provide greater employment opportunities and the legal restrictions should be reduced for starting up an entity.
0 0 I suggest that all misleading advertisements against which a complain has been registered should be well examined by the officials and strict actions should be taken against them. It will be a good message for others doing such crime.
0 0 Dear PM Sir : I happen to be a Motivational Trainer/Life Coach blending latest super-sciences, management thinking, universal spiritual values and meditation. I am also an engineer and an ex-Mktg.Director, with nearly 42 years' total experience. I write poetry and know several languages. I live in Noida.
I can help you, or any one in any department, do excellent translation (Eng-Hindi, Hindi-Eng. Also Gujarati-Eng and Bengali-Eng. Plus creative writing/speech editing. Rgds - www.hansyoga.com
0 0 Dear PM Sir : I have long been doing a unique work of blending Science and Management with Indian Spirituality and Yoga-Meditation, for training and coaching youth, executives, managers and even MD's and CEO's. Sir, in our country no matter how good a work one may do, one needs connections and approach. This should be changed and judged on merit only. I offer to serve various Govt departments/ PSU's with my value-based motivational talks / training programs. Tks and rgds,
www.hansyoga.com
1 0 A New censor team should be created by our central government to approve & certify the advertisements which will be telecast-ed in any television channels!!! With out the certificate no advertisements should be telecast-ed by TV channels. If it is telecast-ed the TV channels should be banned with immediate effect
1 0 District-wise Voluntary Consumer Organisation to tackle misleading advertisements is a great idea. But unless it is given powers, it are useless. This power too has to be controlled by some superior power. As i suggested in one of my previous post, its better to educate and aware general public(specially youths) to monitor advertisements, of which they can report the misleading ones to the organisations. The organisation then can review the reported advertisements and take appropriate actions.
2 0 Dear Modi Ji, Request you to give a call to the nation on Waste Management ......Tonnes of food and food materials like Rice, Wheat and all other items are getting wasted by the public by their negligence and lazyness especially starting from road side food sellers to big hotels, restaurants, dhabas and especially in functions of high end people. Prevention is better than cure. Its better to preserve instead of suffering with scarcity of food & food materials as there may be a shortage of rains
0 0 Awareness to public to react to misleading advertisements so that when the companies involve in too much of legal disputes they themselves get back from making misleading advertisements
0 0 Modi Ji your governance is great but I feel more strict rules should be followed so that actions taken by you are just not on papers. It's very imp that you give role to more effective,honest, and sincere people so that they are aware and more dedicated towards their duties.its very essential that you make a right selection based on their background, education, and deeds. It's one of the major faults in any governance if the selection of the rest of the team is not done accurately.
0 0 What is United Nations' view about world wide terrorism?
2 0 Modi ji....mai Rajasthan gov me medical officer hu.aajkal mai dekh raha hu ki aapke dwara document self attested karne k bad bhi public humse attested karne ki jid karti hai...aesa lagta hai ki es bat ka prachar nahi hua hai...aapse request hai ki aap eska prachar karvaye
1 0 To understand a misleading add, I give an example - If the add of a toothpaste says that "your teeth will shine and become strong", it is fine; but if says that it would cure your teeth sensation or problem of pyorrhoea, then it is misleading which have ability to harm the audience.  Such adds not be allowed.  All adds either may be censored or add companies should follow certain guidelines. In serious lapses, strict action should be taken as right to publicity is not bigger than Right to Live.
0 0 First of all the Govt of India shall ban charging bottled water being sold in the restaurants, multiplexes at double the cost.  Similarly all the eatables sold in the multiplexes are exorbitantly priced. This trend must change and enable the common man too to buy eatables while watching movies.
1 0 There should be minimum use of plastic rappers and plastic bottles ...there should be alternative of this nd plastics must me recycled
0 0 IBF India and NBA New Delhi along with broadcasting ministry should form a board to certify advertisements and redress any complaints regarding any contexts or misleading or malafied advertising. Monetary Fine such advertisements and owners.
0 0 I  view is that planing comesson of india should be like pentagan of america . In  the bulding   for deblopment of india should have all feslites .in this Institut should every year meeting  in which cm of all state &pm participat and should talk on indian devlopment  and afther that activet devlopment program in ther state.
0 0 Sir,i think a way to tackle misleading advertisement is to fine them as in this era of business a firm has to reduce cost this should be done by warning the first time offenders,a small amount to repeat offenders the extreme step should be banning then product from the market for some period
0 0 भ्रामक विज्ञापन से सम्‍बन्धित शिकायतें आनलाईन दर्ज हों तथा स्‍वैच्छिक उपभोक्‍ता संगठन उक्‍त शिकायतों पर संज्ञान लेकर जांच कर ऑनलाईन रिपोर्ट सबमिट कर उचिक कार्यवाही सुनिश्‍चत करें.
0 0 Sir, the only way to tackle misleading advertisements in this era of all pervading media is to improve consumer awareness. Hence, NGO's working in the respective spheres, health, women, labour etc, should use the same media platforms to mount awareness drives against sub-standard drugs, dubious medical practices, adulterated beauty & food products, finance - chit - MLM companies, unregistered manpower / employment agencies etc. Local groups that enjoy trust are best suited to convey the message.
1 0 Sir
At this platform you will be getting lot of ideas, please share the ideas you really taken for implementation,this will increase motivation of people involved in this forum.
regards
0 0 i request prime minister ji to develop a system that persons at the top should be able to take feedback of scheme being implemented in real time at the best use of technology and for fast penetrating effects.
regards
rishi
0 0 I work in GTB Hospital, Delhi government hospital as Laboratory Technician in Biochemistry Department.  Hospital is particularly dedicated for the treatment of poor people. It provides services or treatment to the public particularly poor people free of cost and govt . provides everything but poor people are not getting proper services upto the mark.This is due to carelessness of the concerned officer and staff who is responsible foe that particular task. All the HODs must be strongly instructed
0 0 salaried class paying I TAX honestly , sud get some relief . suggestion--3% of gross pay (excluding hra /conveyance allowance etc) to be as standard deduction & this amount to be subtracted from gross pay for calculation of it . if gross pay is Rs 10,00,000 a yr ,then he will get deduction of 30000 , thus saving rs 6000 in tax . govt can make slab also say Rs 10000 up to income of 5 lac & Rs20000 above income 5 lac , but some relief to be given .
0 0 The Advertising association with government regulatory body should curb ,control and restrict the usage of words like INDIA BEST, INDIAS FIRST, INDIAS MOST SELLING, INDIAS LARGEST, INDIAS BIGGEST, INDIAS TOP , with judicious permission afetr authetic checks only to avoid misleading indian consumers and as part of consumer protection.
0 1 pm sir aapko gau hatya karne wale ko fasi dilwana chahiye (save the cow)
0 0 Dear sir ...I want to attaction of our transport minister and to whom is concerned to that ministery sir petrol and diesal rates are reduces more than 7-8 times but fare of transport is as it is......so how can a middle class feel that inflation is go down and even the private transport is charged morethan 20-30% than gov rates. ....because today is also charged the same fare which is charged last 6mntgs ago.....kindly do something on this matter as soon as possible ......
0 1 Dear Modi sir,
Why are you silent on the topic of Gau-Raksha(saves cow)?
0 0 I would like to attract the attraction of our honourable Prime Minister Modi g towards the reduction of age limit in various jobs for general category.
For example in SSC and IBPS both reduced the age limit. 
I request you to take decision earliest for exceeding age limit for general candidate for competitive exams for fruitful result to their hard work for job.
Thank you
0 0 Make In India is a very fantastic Idea to make India a center for production for international hub. But there is a big problem in the quality of the products manufactured in India .If the Made in India product lacks quality in world market, what happens to the very Idea of Make in India? Please bring a law to make it Mandatory for the companies to Give 5 years Warranty for any products which are manufactured in india, So the quality can improve.
1 0 सरकारी कार्यालयो में कार्यालय अध्‍यक्ष उनके कार्यालयो में आने वाले प्रार्थना पत्रो में केवल समबिन्‍धत कार्मिको को बिना समय पाबन्‍दी के लिख कर प्रार्थना पत्र समबिन्‍धत को सौप देते हैा जिससे प्रार्थना पत्रो के निस्‍तारण अपनी मन मुताबीक करते है जिससे आम लोग अने कार्य कब होने की उम्‍मीद में इन्‍तजार करते रहते हेै जो की गलत हैा अगर अधिकारी गण सभी पत्रो में कार्य होने की समयावधि अंिकत करना सुनिश्‍चत करे तो प्रार्थीयो को भी यह पता र‍हेगा की मेरा कार्य कब होगा तथा समबिन्‍धत कार्मिक की भी जिम्‍मेवारी बने
0 0 fdgfdgfdg
1 0 admin   आप लोगो को Hindi  मे लिखना चाहिए.
जब PM हिंदी मे बात करते है तब भी आप को हिदी मे नही लिखते हो.
कितनी शमँ की बात है
हम सभी को हिंदी लिखना चाहिए
जिससे इसके महत्व को समझ सके
0 0 जब पेट्रोल और डीजल के रेट गिर रहे हैं तो सरकार को इसका फायदा उठाना चाहिए। अभी पेट्रो बैंक या स्टोर बनाने का मौका है। इस जमा पेट्रोल को बढ़ती कीमतों को कंट्रोल करने के लिए बाद में किया जा सकता है। सरकार तय समय में क्रूड ऑयल के भंडारण की व्यवस्था कर सकती है। शायद इसके लिए हमारे पास एक साल तक अवसर बना रहेगा
0 0 An integrated organization/panel that maintain the advertisements at panchayath/village level must be implemented.
The panel must be consisting of doctors and other various experts, the panchayth/Village  secretary/officer must be the presiding officer along with the elected menmbers of both body.
A unique distribution system must be maintained.
0 1 Public distribution system should be strengthen by using Unique Smart card implementation
1 0 For inclusive growth in the country, each social organisation has to be part of the national development process. Each educational institution should create a web-site and state their social and economic development agenda with time-frame and progress to date.
1 0 Each MP and MLA should make a public statement about the work that has been done in their adopted village before January 26th. Also talk about their personal contribution and original thinking in the adopted village development process. The truth should be verified by NGOs and media agencies and reported also.
1 0 Even political parties that give misleading information or promises should be subject to criminal law - social crime. There should be a web site or naming and shaming those that make - false social and public promises.
0 0 Dear sir.
Govt.is talking about digital India.but how will it be possible where the internet charges (package) are very costly.A common man can not afford the rates.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Please give the focus on the carrier of Pharmacist.
After getting Six years of degree including M Pharma but no govt subsidy for them.
0 0 Dear Sir,
Actually I am from Bihar, now a days everything is being advance day by day but in my Village Kunauli, Kamalpur has not electricity...how will they develop?
By looking this site I thought my voice can be reached to government.
We need your support to develop my village.
Name:- Arvind Kumar
Village:- Kamalpur
Distt:- Supaul
State:- Bihar
Pincode:- 847451
Please look in to that matter.as I am 34 years old and I did not see electricity at my area since my birth.
0 0 ug pg colleges medical engineering colleges
staffing -one computer op. one carrier counsellor
facilities-online form filling,online payement,result,print typing copy scan photo photo state facility DD Currier
resources-bank, post office,
online connection photo state mechine
0 0 sub carrier centres
place -should be established in every gov sen.sec school college
0 0 Educating people to understand every advertisement content and make choice between right and wrong accordingly in every state of our country by making a small panel in every state to specially look over this issue.
0 0 Regarding the initiative of the GOI setting up career centers for providing the youth with jobs in the market place , it is suggested that there should be some kind of down to earth , usable technical skilling along side at these centers for empowering the youth in matching with the jobs available .
0 0 We Should launch a special Train with name experiment, it should run in the all four corners of the Nation. These would help the passengers to give inputs. All new schemes, designs, facilities, amenities, should be launched with this train. New and Enthusiastic Trainee staff should be deployed on the train so that they interact with the passengers who are aware that they are  participating in the experimental train. God Bless My Country.
1 0 झुठे प्रचार तो आप नेताओ द्वारा भी होते हैं चुनाव के समय पर काम कितना होता है। पर आपके बादो से भविष्य ज्यादा लोगों का बरबाद होता इन संस्थानो के प्रचार से गीने चूनो का ।
तो झुठे प्रचार दोनो जगह बन्द हो तो बेहतर है।
0 0 In many of families.They don't have voter ID and they are @ 70.They don't have bank account.They leaving life very straceful.What I do?
0 0 Bank is so far from my Village @7 km.How Senior citizen can go?
0 0 My area SBI code =3011 is not opening account since last many days.What should I do?
2 0 There should be a panel or committee have a pan India number, available for consumer to call when they were cheated, when some inquiry or action taken place immediately than most of fake advertiser automatically wind up their business.
0 0 Consumers are attracted towards advertisments and with catching slogans they start using the products.If consumer organisations will place their suggestions before consumers so that consumers will have right choice for the products.When consumers are guided by consumer organisations the Producers will realise that Misleading Advertisments will not have any effect on consumers resulting Healthy/ genuin Advertisments.Consumers awareness will play the role to stop Misleading Advertisments.
0 0 name dream india carier institute   center place  allahabad up  logo viveka nand k photo k sath dream india  state wise  vac gov and future vac and possibility of particular area is describe
3 0 जन औषिधि स्टोर जहा सस्ती जेनेरिक दवाएं मिलती हैं उनकी संख्या बड़ाई जाए और इनकी हालत ठीक की जाए. सरकार कोई नियम बनाकर सरकारी हॉस्पिटल और प्राइवेट जहा EWS केटेगरी के लोग इलाज़ करते हैं उनके लिए जेनेरिक दवाए लिखना अनिवार्य करे. आम जनता की भलाई के लिए.
दिनेश कुमार चमोली
0 0 "Education is everything –  it underpins the life opportunities and prosperity for families."
0 0 Honorable PM, pls make the job opportunities to the poor people also by analysing family income. Bcoz nowadays the rich people got job by recommendations and by their background. But talented poor graduates are dominated by rich people in job opportunities. Rich people get richer but poor people get poor.Normal poor background graduates wont get a single job opportunity.. As one of the poor graduate, i shared my own feelings with u.. Job opportunities are equal for all&not only for rich people
0 0 1]Govt. must start 24X7 helpline  with regards to this
0 3 My dear Modi Jee agar Aap Hindu logo ke lie kuchh khas nahi kijiega to Aap ka harna nischit h
1 0 If government really want to eliminate use of tobacco products in any form, it must completely ban tobacco products in any form, regardless of revenue form tobacco products in any form.
1 0 There must be a advertisement cancer board, which allow only advertisement with useful information  about product.
0 0 they should be strong policy to prevent from misleading advertisement & like FDA & other department there should be one observation body to look after these to judge what is reality & what other false ad will divert us on wrong path. After monitoring AD proper action should be taken to stop misleading thoughts.
1 0 Give mediclaim policy to every employee & close the railway hospital
Reservation facility provide through internet on pass give a unique no to employee for ex pf no. Or aadhar card no
Run private train on every route this will give completion to indian and encourage the improvement
Established private coach factory to increase facilities in coaches
To run train on single line is not a good job for this invite FDI for doubling
Give all the reservation counter  to private
Only one driver is suffi
0 0 मै विजय कुमार  शुक्ल में  मेरे  बच्चों  के लिए  जो कुछ  करना  चाहता था  वो  कर चुका अब  मैं अपने  देश के लिए कुछ खास  करना  चाहता हूं  एक बार  मोदी  जी  से  मिलना  चाहता हूं
0 0 WHERE IS ROAD SAFETY BILL FINES SHOULD be
 Rs 5000 minimum offense
 Rs 10,000 for major offense
Rs 25,000 for DUI
0 0 Sir animal hostels concept is excellent which is running in Gujarat.Inform this to all state governments and give information about best,quality cows,buffaloes in the country.Invite all ministers of all states to Gujarat to see these hostels.Farmers time will be saved.Make it possible as early as possible through out the country.Please concentrate on cows which are useful for zero based natural forming proposed by Subhash palekar.
0 0 1. Adv.Control  Dept (ACD) to be formed for approving Advertisement before  release adv. 2. All  parameters mentioned in the adv. to be evaluated by the ACD and to be approved only based on verification of  all  3. Inspecting  the firm on surprise visit whether the criteria mentioned in adv. are implementing on continual basis. 4. Action against the firm not implementing firm (rules and regulation to be formed )
0 0 Misleading of Recruitment  advertisement by few business/pvt firms including service industry -misleading totally employee ,loss of time, working without pay etc.... & poor service to people
0 0 3. Amount saved (or) interest earned for the unpaid amount to employee. 4. Some times sending out the employee without giving or holding the salary 4. Circulation of manpower recruited during one advertisement upto max. months/years possible.5. Next recruitment process starts for next batch to ... efficient manpower   hunting.  including even sensitive service firms  (cont)...
0 0 Few pvt business/organisation advertise attractive employment opportunity in the news paper and recruiting people with higher qualification and experience,by promising  with higher package and perks but during employment not  giving as promised. Benefit to the firm : 1. Firm Name Advertise for business. 2. Reducing salary & perks after employment (some times not paying) or delay in payment or holding payment by saying any other reason related to job but extracting work from employee.(cont...)
1 0 it is the time to think off using flexis( banners ) made of  synthetic polymers which are not biodegradable on part of them, today it's use  has become a customary  for everything, people should think off this, first and foremost political leaders should stop using them who are flooding the streets with them.they should be ideal in discouraging these things. These are  not ecofriendly, every citizen in the society could stop this menace by not using  them for a sustainable, green and cleen India
1 0 For reducing gas subsidy -  State and center gov has all data about their employees and their salary. For reducing gas subsidy- we can choose below option :-
1. Stop subsidy for employes in Ist, 2nd and 3rd grade rank.
2. Stop subsidy for those whose monthly take home is >25000 based on their residing location.
3. Stop subsidy for those, who paying tax.
we can get all data from govt department wise. 
please share your thoughts
0 0 Reelections reverse the campaign for saving public money.
Why can’t we take into consideration the % of vote bagged by each political party when number game fails to deliver stable government at the center or state? This would save public money and ensure desirable governance. Delhi voted for its Assembly through a fractured mandate, within a year the state shoulders another election in Jan 2015. Any guarantee that this time the state would get its desirable government? J&K now on the same road.
0 0 The Government has published an advertisement to link Bank accounts with LPG connections. It contains a false statement that Aadhar is not necessary. BUT in the form given, we find that in non-aadhar cases, it contains an undertaking that we will obtain aadhar and link the same ( in small print), The government should be truthful first. STOP misleading advertisements by government
1 0 Voluntary organisations should first see that advertisements by government are regulated. In case of aadhar, the drawbacks are not published by media in view of the advertisements by UIDAI which generates crores for the media. STOP aadhar which enables private foreign linked operators to grab our data.
1 0 Create SMS/App/web based tracker of advertisements to get a feedback from anyone who want report bad/good. This should have big data processing to provide the advertisement that has received bad/good feedbacks on a periodical manner automatically.
0 0 severe punishment and penalty should be imposed for those who are giving misleading adds.voluntary consumer organisations should find the source ,who actually give such a misleading advertisements, either by the website or the printing or electronic media who publish them or through the people who got cheated and secondly the authenticity of the advertisement is to be checked before its publishing.
1 0 Dear Sir, I would like to tell that there is high unemployment rate in India, this is very known fact. Students who have done their education with the help of education loan and are unemployed are facing cases in courts by the banks. Is this the gift these students have got from the chosen government. I am not saying the government should wave off education loan but atleast there should be a rule that till getting a job banks should not disturb the students for repayment, Please do something
1 0 Sir, Dismis the supperfast grade of Panchvati Express, Sevagram Express. And extra coaches to Maharashtra Express,minimum five sleeper coach, two three tier A/C, one two tier A/C in addition.It will help to generate extra revenue and comfortable journey for passengers.
0 1 retirement is a must for government officers  58
0 1 I dont find retired officers should be given some post  already they have made enough money when they are in office.  also never a honest officer will require any post if he is willing to work private companies will absorb such people with very good ease
1 0 The practice of Re-employment of  Influential Retired Administrative Employees on Contract basis in Govt. and Govt.PSU in same Office be stopped forthwith. If vacancy arises to cover up their jobs new appointments should be made. Such re -employed staff are well know in the office circle and do not discharge their duties as per requirement but instead keep cases to suit their retirement period engagement. Such actions may also be considered as corrupt practice. Kindly stop such practice.
0 0 I am from Hyderabad.I heard that some software development work with BARC,Vizag Centre.Data processing & development of Software in Fortran.Earlier under the AMD,Hyd.Why the S&T Min.India not encouraging the Techs.is there any secrecy?Other countries are encouraging software people.but in India,they are discouraging not encouraging.i don't know why S&T taking decisions against the civilians.i hope in the future,this type of work will be given to youth.Your aim of made in India come true.Thanks
0 1 Dear Modi ji,
First of all I would like to inform you that I’m one of your biggest admirers, as like many others I also believe that you are a doer & in coming time, India can really become a superpower under your learned leadership.
Dear Sir, if possible, plz. change the financial year system to be based on calendar year (January to December) instead of April to March as most of the world using the former. It will in parity with the financial statements worldwide.
Thanks & regards
0 1 Dear Modi ji,
As per income tax act, we use to describe fiscal year as Financial year as well as assessment year (e.g. if FY is 2014-15 then AY is 2015-16), it creates un-necessary lot of confusion among the financial professional as well as foreigner expats working in India. As you give more emphasis on simplification of laws, working etc. I would like to propose the following :
Plz. amend the Income Tax Act & remove the Assessment Year (AY) word & use only Financial Year (FY) word instead.
0 0 दिनों  दिन जिले का एक नया सच सामने आता है | जितनी भी योजनाएँ हैं उसमे केवल लीपा पोती का सिलसिला बदस्तूर जारी है | इदिरा आवास , वृद्धा पेंशन , राशन घोटाला सामने आता है पर कभी कोई मुजरिम पकड़ा गया हो सजा हुई हो यह देखने में सुनने में नही आता | सबकी उपर तक पहुंच तक है यही है जिले का सच |
0 0 Mr.prime minister kisi bhi departments ko sudhrana hai to matlab kahna chah raha hu ki yadi aap primary health center ko sudhrana chahte hai to vaha ke in charge doctor ke paas sabhi power honge to vah apne phc ko sudhar sakta varna vah kuchh bhi karega to bmo aur cmo uske kiye par paani fer denge so agar aap sudhrana chahte hai to neeche ke officers ko power diye jaay
0 0 contd. but have no money to pay govt tax collected, pay to employee salary, default banks loan, but have the money to pay CEO of defunct Kingfisher and move freely in this independent country and can make law for others but no action for self. Nmber of UMPPs competed for min price for electricity and won, but now can not produce the power because cost of production will be more than selling price. so no production and default of bank loan and govt trying for some back door help for them.
0 0 contd. take for example different telecom companies, Airlines, UMPP have come into the business and make a loss in the name of competition and close the shop or in the process of it. they have not burnt their villas or they have become more wealthy person but their business entity become loss making and they have shown their doors to the Banks and govt deptt for dues. Take great Mr Mallaya who can spent crores for purchase of one cricket player and spent crores for formula 1 race,
0 0 yesterday our PM Mr Modiji while addressing Rally at Delhi announced that 10 electricty companies will provide electricity connection can be obtained from any one who provides best and cheaper electrcity. Very good. word of caution!!! please ensure all these competitive companies should not be given bank loan until and unless they provide collateral security worth min twice the amount, because after they make loss in the competition, we poor people have to bear their inefficiency and loss.
0 0 भारत सरकार के द्वारा काइयों कॉल सेंटर बनाई गयी है पर समय पर जानकारी के लिए उनसे संपर्क नहीं हो पता इंडियन गोव. को 1 ऐसा कॉल सेंटर बनाना चाहिए जिसमे  कॉल करके  भारत सरकार के द्वारा चलाई जाने वाली किसी भी कल सेंटर से बात कर सके ओर किसी की भी शिकायत कर सके  जैसे किसी को कृषि,आरटीआई,एम्ब्युलेन्स,सिक्षा,अन्य सब  के बारे मे जानना है उस कॉल सेंटर मे कॉल लगाके   वहाँ का नम या वहाँ के माध्यम से जुड़ सके ताकि इन सबसे जुडने मे लोगो को आसानी हो...किसी से भी बात करना हो 1 ही नम हो.....
1 0 I recently applied for a copyright for my calculator app, "process calculator". After four months nothing has progressed. Please note no one will give govt original working code unless a non disclosure is signed. As such if you need progress you would need to in proper time period process genuine applications. Other wise there would be no progress in the nation. 
I propose highest importance given to intellectual work produced in the country and speedy processing for all tax payers.
0 0 कन्या शिक्षा सभी के लिए
0 0 I think there should be a time period for that organization to take action and also if there is a need of employment for that organization that should be completed by  that states government.
In my point of view online presentation of all the issues, guidelines, taken actions, is the best way to clear all type of corruption or mistake but one thing is there to take in mind that actions should be done impartially and there should not be delay of any kind without any reason.
0 0 Human life is more valuable that anything.Everybody will agree on this point. But there is compulsory INSURANCE on vehicles, which are less valuable compared to Human life. But,there is NO act, which directs us to do LIFE INSURANCE POLICY. Kindly make LIFE INSURANCE POLICY compulsory to every Indian citizen as per there capacity and this will provide economic security to every family.
0 0 Advertisement of medicine to be banned. These ads misguide the public in consumption of medicines without due consultation of doctors.
1 1 Consumer forums and almost all government organised plans are loosing their dignity because of idealness in every decision,if really consumer organisations want to stop promoters from misleading the consumers.first of all the officers,autherised persons should personally watch the advertisements and should judge the accuracy of the promishes made by the  companies.The organisations should take actions according to their perception as they are themselves smarter than a common consumer (like us)
2 1 Sir, now this time to break 370, will be a hard decision but after done whole india will be happy
1 1 Top Bollywood personalities whom common people admire do make fake comments in advertisements. They should not promote such misleading advertisements.
0 0 Film industry is biggest promoter of misleading advertisements. In PK film, all hindu traditions have been attacked. Can any one do this to islam/christianity. why Modi ji is silent on role of cinema since 1913 in promoting crime against women. ban/control films and women will be safer like in pre-1913 era.  Film industry is receiving black money from  international terrorist groups to attack hindu culture, since 1980s. Empty cinema halls but all tickets sold is only to convert black into white.
1 0 VCOs can install their camps in rural areas in every 6 months to make aware & educate the people about these type of misleading advertisements.
2 0 of everyone, so many people in India, N number of products, each with different advertisements, My god, we cannt teach each and everyone to identify the product fully, dont go with advertisements etc., the officials or the department should take enough step to approve any worthy product, as like FILM ratings, the advertisements should also be verified by the respective dept. & then only telecasted on any media, its either TV, journals etc.Make everything strong and solid, INDIA will be STRONG
1 0 ... requests me the product name i will tell it. similarly we see many news circulated on social medias about many products, we are not sure how far they are true, but these public consuming products, Top rated products if they come up like this. then where we are? Ofcourse advertisements play a major role among the people in cosuming many things. I always take it as half satisfactory and so i know and got a mind set that nothing is 100% gurantee on what it says on advertisements. But think...
1 0 ...composition, its side effects, its use etc., are verified, if it is good for the consumers and if it really does what it is expected to do then release the product for consumption in the market. Otherwise whether there no invalid product approved for circulation where comes the need for its advertisement? This is very important. I am not sure how far this can be true, i used to consume a top rated suplimentary drink with milk, i noticed cement balls in it, i stopped consuming it. If admin....
1 0 Hi, if my understanding on the topic was correct, then we are discussing on how to tackle the menace of misleading advertisement. And what was that voluntary consumer organizations? why not the government? I am not sure if any product that is available in the market is approved by the government for its production or not. If not then please do that. I believe there is a department that verifies products and then only allow to sell the product in the market. When the verification on the product..
0 0 Sir, First for making a good and connected India we have to upgrade our government mobile company BSNL. Only bsnl is the only way for connecting rular area and border area of our country. If BSNL is upgrade and improved government can also earn more money and can use that money for the development of India. All people prefer to use private company that is good but government have to put bsnl again to the telecom race. BSNL to improve  their customer care service also.
0 0 Habit of cleanliness must be encouraged in children by schools from early ages. Children should be encouraged to plant a tree on his birthday or on any other important day of his life as a sweet memory. A culture should be developed to adopt at least one tree in ones life and he should feel proud of that tree by posting its photo on all his greetings or other correspondence etc.
1 0 I HAVE AN IDEA FOR VCO'S ,THEY MUST INTRODUCE SOME OFFER OR CAN POST AN ADVERTISEMENT IN DIFFERENT VILLAGES STATING THAT "VOLUNTIERS ARE REQUIRED FOR OUR VOC WHO CAN BE A PART ,YOUNG GRADUATES CAN BE SELECTED FROM THE PARTICULAR VILLAGES" THIS WILL HELP TO STOP MENANCE OF MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENTS AT THE ROOT LEVEL,BY WHICH THE LOCAL VOLUNTIERS CAN CONDUCT CHAMPIGN & AWARENESS PROGRAM ON FAKE AD'S...IN THE RURAL AREAS BUT FOR ACHIEVING THIS WE NEED SOME TIME ,& SPONSERS..THANK U...
JAI HIND
1 0 worm infestation is one of the common problems in school children.It is a major cause of childhood malnutrition,anaemia,decreased concentration etc. The continuous presence of worms in children can cause severe anaemia and subsequently affect growth and development of these children. If we add these subject in our curriculum it will help in increasing knowledge about cleanliness and hygiene.It will help a lot.We should show its causes, transmission,sign, symptoms, infection route & prevention.
1 0 Hand hygiene- Proper hand hygiene could potentially reduce healthcare associated infection by up to 50%, keeping hands clean is one of the most effective way to prevent the spread of infection and illness.We should add these subject in our curriculum so that early knowledge will lead to better management and prevention. Along with the immunization card ,a similar card which gives importance of cleanliness should be handed to the mother and to the new born family for their empowerment on it.
1 0 Sir, consumer awareness will go a long way in curbing the reach of such advertisements. Voluntary organisations should conduct work shops in schools, colleges, local work places & housing colonies to enlighten the population of fraudulent companies / products that involve them. An advertisement ombudsman can be created with dedicated website / complaint number, where suspicious issues can be taken to. In case of financial fraud, the finance wing of the local police should be empowered to act.
0 0 AT LEAST SOME OF THE VOLUNTARY CONSUMER ORGANISATIONS, SHOULD BE GIVEN MINIMUM STATUTORY POWERS IN ASKING MISLEADING ADVERTISERS TO PROVE THIEIR CLAIM ( within 15 days of notice ), FAILING WHICH THEY CAN LODGE POLICE COMPLAINT / GO TO COURT. FURTHER, THEY CAN BE EMPOWERED TO "BAN SUCH MISLEADING ADVERTISERS' PRODUCTS / FUTURE ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thanks for allowing, we citizens, to share our views / suggestions.
THIS IS THE GOVERNMENT " FOR THE PEOPLE ".
B Shanmuganathan / 98948-66843.  COIMBATORE ( TN ).
3 0 सभी सरकारी योजनाओं का आपस में समन्वय होना चाहिए। खंड स्तर, जिला स्तर और राज्य स्तर पर सभी विभागों की समीक्षा बैठक एक जगह की जानी चाहिए। ताकि सभी विभाग अपनी रिपोर्ट पेश करें और सुझाव आमंत्रित कर योजनाओं का क्रियान्वयन अच्छे से हो सके। बैठक की कार्यवाही रिपोर्ट को सभी विभागों द्वारा संजीदा तरीके से लिया जाए और उस पर कार्यवाही की जाए। हर विभाग के अंदर सूचना चार्टर हों। जिसमे सभी योजनाओं की जानकारी हो। विभागों की जवाबदेही तय हो। समन्वय कागजों में ना होकर धरातल पर हो, तभी सार्थक परिणाम सामने आएंगे
2 0 Voluntary consumer organisations web-site should be created. This web-site and its contents should be monitored by a secretary level officer. Public at large should be educated so that they share the menace of misleading advertisement faced by them, thereby benefiting other customers. The comment posted should be open ended, so that other if want can share their experience on that link for that product also.
The salient point raised on every discussion should be noted and acted upon.
0 0 Shri Modi Ji 
i want to attract your attention on a point about " KHADI " A renowned Indian Brand
India Rank in cotton production in world :2 just behind china
Still there are very inequality in peoples Wearing
in the recent years i saw my near by that many people are very much fond of purchasing clothes of foreign brands . Its good to choose the best an open ness in market but still i fell its about marketing not quality . i have an idea to promote Khadi .
0 0 News papers,TV channels and radio should work as VCO .they should make their self regulatory policy to broadcast such ads. While person related to TV,FILM and SPORTS should join VCO and not participate in this type of mis conduct.
1 0 1.VCOs can give free legal advice to the people.
2.They can file cases against the companies.
3.Educate people in rural areas.
4.These organisations can also come up with their cautionary advertisements on the roads & media.
0 0 All advertisements must contain-(a)Min & Max Price of products.(b) free customer care no (c) Quality specification/ingredients & their credibility (d) Govt establish- test centers/labs for quqlity test cost to be borne by sample delivering person ( e)quick disposal of consumer forum cases & simplifying appeal/filing a case .(f) proper testing of all products/advts.by govt employees along with different citizens.
1 0 to curb this malpractice and to cover up the dung created by these falsifying companies more and more consumer awareness programs are to be designed and worked upon to elevate the level of consumer awareness in the minds of the people. The voluntary organizations should not only come up but should also work effectively not only with a motive to earn money but also to serve the humanity as a whole. Several such organisations should come up with a good motive and should rather flourish in such are
1 0 The growing interglobalisation of the global economy and international quality of many business customs have worked to the development of universal appeal on consumer rights protection and rise. Consumers and clients all over the world, demand value for money in the form of quality goods and best services. Modern technological innovations have no made a great improvement on the quality, availability and terms of goods and services. Sometimes they are even cheated in the name of quality. In order
0 0 I think " come make in india" is a good jargon but only make in india is not sufficient. Actually in india its everyones tendency to produce in bulk in large volume without keeping in mind the quality of products.
So in my view it should be like " come make quality products in india".
Also we should do something for industrial exploitation.
1 0 Education system needs to be transformed.There shoul be all India Board only i.e no cbse ,icse,or state boards.Secondly no school after 10th class.As it is useless.Children should be smart to decide their career after 10th.Also a large variety of courses should be there with proper value.
0 0 A proposal which was presented by our PM to clear the debt of our country was rejected by Cultural trust heads, But We want to take initiative to clear our country's debt, If voluntary basis each person start donating Rs 500/- I think our country's debt will get clear in a month , the only thing we need progress and transparency. In my and my friends circle  2800 people are there who are can take initiative to donate fund to country to clear debts and this way many can participate.
0 0 Government should take tough decisions right now - ie.  deregulating cane pricing, privatization of public sector banks, increasing power tariff.  Then as the economy becomes stronger they can afford to take populist decision at election time.  Or BJP will meet the same fate that Congress met.
CBI, IT cases against Congress will not win elections.  Elections are won through populist schemes.  Populist scheme require strong economy, Make economy strong now to afford populist schemes or perish.
1 0 Congress made the mistake of postponing all the reforms till later and had to undertake them at time of election because currency came under attack due to a weak economy.  This led to their downfall. 
BJP is doing the same.  It is delaying crucial tough decisions for later.  Eg. in Sugar Sector, Power Sector, Public Sector Banks - then again economy is getting weaker and currency is coming under attack.  Then at the time of elections it will have to take tough decisions and will lose election
0 0 Sir, Pl use prisoners in river connecting project. Allocate tender to jailor instead of contractor. Give monitoring to NGO.
0 0 Dear Sir, In india people need monitoring for everying they are not self equipped that this right thing to do or not. I request to creating some monitoring tops for swach bharat atleast in beaches and temples and most importantly near GANGA.
0 0 voluntary consumer organisations should be given free domains to maintain web sites in the interest of public.Now a days advertisement channels show attractive products but when consumers receive the products they have many defects,if they mention that stones are very good in jewellery then the metal they use is very cheap and they charge very high for those cheap quality products.I faced same problem .  Business owners should see that consumers trust is not lost for short term gains.
0 0 Respected Hon'ble PM Sri Modiji, Indian Railway has introduced Premium Tatkal ticket which should withdrawn immediately as it shows that Govt. wants only money by providing your monopoly service whereas your are issuing Waitlist tatkal ticket but you are not able to confirm it   GOOD GOVERNANCE  means you should accommodate Waitlist tatkal by confining and not by introducing another Premium Tatkal Ticket which have high cost to the needy citizen - Thanks a lot
1 0 Dear Modi ji mathura vrindavan ke Hindu temples me visit karo Ek baar shayad Kuch Sudhar ho jaye Waha ka bhi aapke charan padne se
0 0 We know that they are working well. But the more they can do is to to convert the awareness program in a mass movement.
0 0 Today on religious promotion, the complete traffic system was disturbed. But no one neither the traffic controlling authority nor the groups promoting this was ready solve the problem of common people. (Common-The people who where stuck in long jams, the people who were the victim of there foolishness)
 why these traffic controlling authority does not make a master plan for traffic working during these promotion? And why our system is providing such permissions.
Is the life of common man cheap
1 0 माननीय सरकार जन धन योजना बहुत अच्छी लगी क्या इसमें एक और सिस्टम शुरू किया जा सकता हे जिससे किसी को रोजगार मिल जाये सभी जन धन खातो से मात्र 1 रूपये को कम किया जाये और शायद अभी तक भारत भर में 8 करोड़ खाते खुल चुके हे और एक लोटरी सिस्टम जो की पूरी तरह कंप्यूटराइसड हो और पारदर्शी हो उसके तहत रोज उतने लोगो को चयन किया जाये और 8  करोड़ के मान से लगभग 800 लोगो को 100000 का ऋण दिया जाये जो की 1 रूपये के रूप में वापिस लिया जाये रोज 800 लोग इसका लाभ ले सकते हे और बेरोजगारी दूर हो सकती हे मेक फॉर huminity
0 0 Dear PM
 I have a view on Indian stock exchange. Please regulate it's timing: even tough Mumbai is financial capital of India but still Nse and Bse are providing jobs to whole of India via different brokers and other financial providers. Prime minister sir as India is a diverse country in terms of weather too, so it is not possible too have timing of these exchanges based on  Mumbai convenience only.  Sir please maintain timing of these exchanges around 10 am which is there few years back.
1 0 ROAD TAX PAYMENT SHOULD BE MADE CENTRAL IMMEDIATELY FOR PRIVATE VEHICLES. MIDDLE CLASS PEOPLE ARE PAYING HUGE TAX TO GOVERNMENT TWICE THRICE WHENEVER THEY ARE TAKING THEIR VEHICLE TO SOME OTHER STATE. THIS IS SPECIALLY BAD IN KARNATAKA.  IF LICENSE IS VALID THROUGHOUT INDIA, THDN WHY CAN'T TAX BE CENTRALLY ACCEPTED??
1 0 Govt. has passed lots of orders, circulars time to time for all the Dept.s in various issues but why such orders, circulars are not implemented properly. Why, such orders and circulars are issued by the Govt. if there have not any practical value.
0 0 A common course should be prepared for Travel Guides.Like what they should, what they shouldn't. Knowledge of our country and local state English & Hindi and foreign language to some. And in the next level they should be educated about the near by by heritage, historical site of their place. An online aptitude test should be must to identify their potential. I think a good travel guide would be good brand ambassador of our country. God Bless My Country.
0 0 We should increase usage of RO-RO Ferry Service inland. In first stage execute the proposed routes.(Bhavnagar-Surat route)  In second phase identify new routes.(Porbandar-Mubai, ) This will save petrol and our foreign reserves. Thant will help us to cut Fiscal deficit.
0 0 We should plant Cactus Fruit (Known as FINDALLO in Gujarati) in desert area. It will decrease the chances of infiltration, as it is like fencing. A subbranch of BSF can take care of its growing and maintainance. This fruit is having value of incensing Hemoglobin  in blood. Additionally, Jam, drinks, Sourbet is also made from it. It has shown miraculous effects among severe animak. God Bless My country.
0 0 All government organisations with 25 or more computers should use VDIN with Open Source softwares. These will conserve our energy and save electricity usage.
0 0 Ramesh Chown sanchor
0 0 Highly recommended. I want an exchange of ideas and comments on this. http://www.ted.com/talks/pranav_mistry_the_thrilling_potential_of_sixths...
0 0 Double toned milk offers better nutrition than toned/full cream milk. compare Nutritional info available on packets. Milk companies aware but don't tell consumer. Check http://wp.me/p3dJz1-cQ
0 1 Honourable prime minister g i feel sad and hurted that you have called we banker lazy . we are better than all your gov department . I hope your other dept will also make  the swach bharat initiative a succesfull like jandhan yojna as they aye not lazy
0 0 •	ISI 9000 village       v/s      Adarsh Gram Yojana
•	We are already giving 10 million rupees for each Gram Panchayat every year in different rural development schemes.  But due to lack of political ‘WILL and VISSION ‘the villages are continuous in the same status.
•	We can set certain parameters for ISI village and central govt. can sanctioned a village plan on the basis of DPR
•	Yes, it is possible and no much extra budget is required- only strong political WILL and VISSION is required.
0 0 Hi,
An Idea came on my mind don't know how fruitful will it be. What if an E-Waste Centre is set-up so that all the electronic and electric waste is recycled it should be placed on State and District Level.   By this we can minimize wastage and can re use it. If its set up by central government it will be a good thing.
Thanks!
0 0 Aajkal bahut se farzi call aate hai, jo logo ko gumrah karke paise aithne wale hote hai, aap se gujarish hai ki aise phone no ki shikayat karne k liye koi shikayat wala no jari kiya jaye
haal hi mujhe ek farzi call aaya tha jisme LIC ki taraf se bonus diye jane ki baat kahi ja rahi thi aur iske liye woh log chahte the me HDFC ki koi insurance scheme lu.  Mein to padha likha hu isliye samajh gaya lekin bahut se anpadh log yah nahi samajh pate hai
0 0 gov. sectors like BSNL to be improve or privatize to optimize its resorses and It can help to reach tribal area with healthy technology.
0 0 Voluntary organisations in true sense working for the cause rather than publicity can do wonders against misleading advertisements.
1 0 maggi जेसी सभी नूडल्स प्रोडक्ट की advertise पे प्रतिबंध होना चाहिए.. क्योकि वो खानेसे बच्चो और सब लोगो के शरीर को नुकशान होता हे... सभी डोक्टर मना करते हे.. maggi की advertise ने पेहले कुटुंब को टारगेट किया, फिर बच्चो को.. ऐसे पुरे भारत के घरो में गुस गई.. अगर सेहत के लिए नूडल्स अच्छा नही तो उसकी मंजूरी नही होनी चाहिए.. न बेचने की न advertise की...
1 0 उपभोक्ता संगठन इसके लिए उत्पादन कंपनी जो दुस्परचार कर के अपने उत्पाद बेचते है उनपे सख्ती से कदम उठाये .. जो परचार वो करते है वो अगर पूरा न हो तो उनके खिलाफ के करवाई की जाये, ठोस करवाई , जल्द से जल्द की जाये .. उपभोक्ता संगठन अगर सही से काम करे तो किसी की मजाल नही जो भ्रामक विज्ञापन कर सके ..
0 0 there should be a toll free no,.handled by v c o,for public grievinces who suffers due to the ineffectiveness of advertised products,and hence make the advertising co. accountable for such loss.
0 0 Need to know the procedure to obtain a certificate for Jain Community (minority)?
0 0 Respected sir,
Having great faith and confidence In govt I want to request that honest officer must not be punished or transferred as punitive action to build confidence in govt lest council result of raigarh chhatigarh would be more than offen. With regard sanjiv
1 0 I agree with Mr R Mahadevan that we need BioToilets. There are lot of  technologies available. I am sure the present govt has explored them. I am sure there will be some startups coming soon in this area
1 0 Sir I recently shifted to my new home. There is a very reputed school nearby. Also within that vicinity is a slum . Unfortunately when the school buses are plying , at the same time residents of the slums are defeating on the same road. I have seen reaction of parents and children which range from laughing to making faces but no one seems to care. roads are not being developed as  the local corporateor  is opposed to that . But does he understand the risk he is posing to the society with this.
1 0 The main problem SWACCH BHARAT faces is open defecation.  The only sure way to tacke this problem is the usasge of BIOTOILETS.  The government should go all out to ensure the commercial manufacture of such toilets & involve the NGOS in a big way through out the lengh & breadth of the country.  Just imagine the long term benefits.  No wastage of water, no stinking drains, no maintenance by the user & also the municipal corporations.
0 0 Sir, to quote two examples, 1. fairness creams - supposed to make women & now even men fair & attractive. There is obviously no medical truth in it as we are all born with a certain no.of melanocytes, pigment cells which can't be altered by creams. 2. cigarettes - supposed to make young men macho & attractive, but only causes ill-health to the smoker & those who passively inhale. Obviously, both outcomes are known, yet people continue to indulge, hence a change in mindset is the need of the hour
0 0 बहुत अच्छी बात है की आप चाहते हैं कि सभी नागरिकोँ का स्वास्थ्य बीमा हो वहीँ LIC जैसी
बड़ी संस्था अपने स्वास्थ्य बीमा तालिका न.901 और 902 की सर्जरी लिस्ट मैं ऐसी सर्जरी
शामिल किये हैं जो सबसे काम होती हैं जो ज्यादा होती हैं वह शामिल नहीं हैं और शामिल
करने का कोई प्रावधान भी नहीं है नई तकनीक के कारण गंभीर रोगिओं को 4 -5 दिन मैं
डिस्चार्ज कर दिया जाता है ऐसे मैं भी पहले दो दिन को छोड़कर भुगतान किया जाता है
Day Care Procedures का भुगतान नहीँ होता नई योजना 903 मैं कुछ सुधार किये हैं परन्तु  portability
0 0 Excessive use of Tobacco and Nicotine by our Youth in Hookah bars existing in our country.
Immature teenagers spend their parent’s hard earned money to spoil their own lives.They are supposed to be the future of India.But unfortunately, most of our Indian Youth is getting addicted to use of tobacco,drugs etc and is getting misguided.You should take steps to ban these hookah bars. It should not be acceptable legally as well as morally.
1 0 Sometime simple things in life can make big difference. Enforce ZERO TOLERANCE on honking (horn) and stop line.  This city (Delhi) will transform overnight. If given chance can give presentation on how small things make big difference.
Rajeev
09811055240
0 0 Separate censor board should be there for the advt also, where the concern advertiser has to prove or provide proof of what he claims. Only on the same and scruting it should be allowed to telecasted. For Food, beverages and Medicine, they should have got it certified from competent authority. Alchocol and Cigrates advt should be totally banned. If the senor board also to be made responsible if they overalook and allow some mis leading advts. Sensor board should have technical experts.
0 0 मृतप्राय खेलों को पुर्नजीवित करने का सफल प्रयास किया जाय।
0 0 महिला खेल -कूद विभाग अलग गठित किया जाय।
0 0 उच्चाधिकारियों के शोषण पर पैनी नजर रखी जाय।
1 0 खिलाडि़यों के खान -पान व आवश्यक जरूरतों को विशेष ध्यान दिया जाय।
0 0 खेल विभाग के सकल क्रिया कलापों को आनलाइन किया जाय।
1 0 ब्लाक स्तर से राष्ट्रीय स्तर का रास्ता सुगम किया जाय। खिलाड़ियों के चयन में पारदर्शिता बरती जाय।
1 0 खेलकूद को राजनैतिक उछल कूद से परे रखा जाय।
0 0 पुर्णिया जिले का सच  भारत सरकार को दिखाना हीं मेरी मंशा रही है | सरकार देखे क्या हो रहा है यहाँ व्यवसायी को कौन पूछे पुलिस से भी दो दो हाथ करने को उतारू है कुछ लोग जो कानून को धोखा देते है और राजनैतिक संरक्षण प्राप्त कर काले कारनामो को अंजाम दे रहे है |
0 0 contd. . 2. Can we use technology to increase health care coverage among indian citizen  3.Can we use technology to increase safetly survilence . Why can we use technology to avoid crime with more and more countries implementing it. .4.Can we use technology to focus on safety of Indian citizen
0 0 Not just development -I am not in favor of congress and not against any single action from honorable PM. I just wanted to highlight some thoughts that came to my mind . .I am sure they would be taken care of in the mean time.
I can understand that development is most essential and we are harnessing the power of Technology to make it streamlined . .Can we use technology to 
1. Help a person in emergency -Ambulance to travel faster uninterrupted just like CM  car is given priviledge
1 0 Happy New Year 2015
0 0 why pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana is not attached with post office in india??????
1 0 There should be an agency / System , ( like RTI / open court etc. ) at state level ( for print media ) & national level ( for any e-media ) -  where any one could file a complaint very easily ( via call / sms / whats-app / mail / letter ) about any mis-leading ad.
process : (1) Make system familiar, so all one know about it (2) Agency Ask respective ad co.to prove truth about same (3) make decision fast (10-30 days) (4) if found guilty - punish heavily & ban that ad too (5) publish name @ site
0 0 a engagement of all stakeholders may help.Wherever misleading advertisement (via poster and e- media) is detected,organization and individual person should themselves send message to responsible agency.strict action(preferably heavy monetary penalty) should be taken and the same should be highlited via media so that it may inculcate fear among person engaged in misleading common people.Action should be taken within a week to improve image of government system
0 0 Work honestly thats it!.....
1 0 Petroleum: If you calculate d consumption of petroleum in metro cities is very high & Vehicle of 5 metro is equal to rest of India.Delhi has less priced due to UT.where as Delhi vehicle is equal to all 4 metro. If LADDER pricing policy is applied to metros, ABCD class city & rural will help to reduce petroleum price by Rs 5 to7/-  Framers will get lower price diesel for tractors & pumps,Tpt cost will reduce.It will attract more public tpt,reduces pollution in nutshell less demand of crude oil.
0 0 regularising  the illegal construction/colony in delh iis wrong. un becoming of BJP s policy, then urban development policy implementation across the country , will be corrupt. so those who obeyed the rul ewhat should do. do they get reward in next life?!. its simply not acceptable .please reverse it. it has long tern negative consequences.difficult to rectify.
0 0 Moral Education should be part of course curriculum in schools and social etiquette should be learnt at school level.
0 0 भ्रामक विज्ञापनों के दुष्‍प्रभाव से निपटने में स्‍वैच्छिक उपभोक्‍ता संगठनों की भूमिका हेतु सुझाव
0 0 i strongly feel in india, we should bring up stringent norms for mis-leading consumers thru the so called "creative techniques"  or "NLP Influences" ......  i would suggest we better we be a part of this association ( link pasted below ) and government should enforce.  if govt put the norms that our Indian Media will take revenge on Modi Govt, so we should nicely push them to this forum and control them thru this association.  ..   http://www.aseanconsumer.org   and   http://www.hsa.gov.sg/
0 0 modi ji your govt doing well but we should go for price establishment for all goods,
and base of a nation " EDUCATION SYSTEM "
kyoki mai manta hu ki education system tik ho jaye to aadhi problem khatm ho sakti hai.
mai chahta hu ki aap agli bar man ki bat kare to primary or higher education k bare me bat kare,
0 0 Starting weekend pass in railways for short distance. Tickets can be sold at the starting of every month,people can purchase for one weekend or more than that. This provides a rough forecast of commuters, financial gain for railways by collecting money in advance. The frequent travellers will save a lot of time,no need to stand in a queque for purchasing tickets.
0 0 All most Defence personal can't look after his land dispute and other problems so special civil and criminal court should be established in each state for early justice. Police Station doesn't help Defence personal on ground level so especially Armed forces police Station also established staff and officer should be Armed forces.
0 0 Special civil and criminal act court should be established in every state  FOR INDIAN ARMED FORCES
0 0 we can make government portal on which there are all categories of goods like there is on flipkart, and there everyone can put up a comment based on aadhar number to express views towards product.. So if there is complaints more then decided number then it directly become  a legal complain.  also people can get public review towards any product of the market, So automatically quality standard will be improved.
0 0 Punishment clause to be extended to telecasting agencies too
0 0 Why sensor board is not taking care?
0 0 i would like to VAN of advertising & production of all Tobacco product & food packing Plastic Product By pass a bill in Lok Sabha. which is must for health and clean india. i do same high-strung when seen polluted railway station and public place. so request to PM if we want Clean india & Make India Gag above product for india  Please let me know your thoughts/insights on the same
0 0 i would to share my views to goverment on e-gov project .
 Majority of the projects take Government employees as the only stakeholders and The consultation process happens with the Senior Government Employees and rest stakeholders are neglected,so it should be change.
6 0 I would like to raise a query regarding the RAC ticket policy of our Railways.
When a ticket is in RAC the person gets only half the seat (the seat is shared by 2 people) but we have to pay the full amount for the same seat.
Indirectly we are being charged twice for a single seat.
I believe that in case of RAC tickets we should be refunded half of our ticket amount.
Please let me know your thoughts/insights on the same.
1 0 It is need of hour to bring control over the misleading advertisement. there are many of advertisement are being on -air and telecast on different satellite TV Channels. it is to bring under your notice that some of the advertisement are full of vulgarity and  are contented of some scenes which can not be seen with family. I humbly suggest that any advertisement is required to presented before a board comprised of public and govt. authority. it will bring positive change. Regards & Jai Hind
1 0 AT SAME TIME IT IS OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO AWARE PEOLE TO USE IT JUDICIOUSLY. I AM REQUESTING MY ALL FRIENDS TO GIVE THEIR VALUABLE INPUTS TO MAKE IT A REALITY. ALSO MAKE IT TO REACH TO OUR POLICYMAKERS NAD OUR MEDIA FRIENDS. THANKING YOU IN ADVANCE FOR PARTICIPATION.
0 0 IN MY OPINION TO MAKE OUR CITIES MORE COMFORTABLE ESPECIALLY FOR WOMEN AND ALSO TO EVERYONE IT IS REQUIRED TO HAVE TOILETS IN OUR CITIES. IN MOST OF THE CASES WE ROAM TO FIND A TOILET TO MEET OUR NATURE CALL. WHICH POSED A PHYSICAL, MENTAL AND HEALTH RELATED PROBLEMS. AS BEING A MALE WE DO IT BY THE SIDE OF ROAD AND FORCED TO DO NUISANCE BUT FOR WOMEN ITS A GREAT DIFICULTY AND POSING A MAJOR HEALTH RELATED PROBLEM FOR THEM. I PROPOSE TO HAVE TOILETS ALONG WITH ATMs AND CAN BE SPONSORED BY BANK.
0 0 IBPS, who has a mandate for PSU banks recruitment, is not doing fair allotment, not replying RTI, court case, being a private body even when it is for PSU banks.
We have qualified written & interview for FY 14-15 & IBPS is not allotting seats, sitting idle on request by PSU banks for 2nd allotment against unfilled vacancy for 1st allotment, increasing unemployment.
Kindly look into matter, advice IBPS to make allotment process more transparent and allow us in mission developed & dream India
0 0 THE FINES SHOULD BE HIGH AND BE IMPLEMENTED
2 0 ONLY RESERVED PEOPLE SHOULD ENTER IN RESEVERD COACHES OTHER PASSANGERS SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED
1 0 IN ALL THE PRODECUTS THE MANUFACTURING DATE USEBY DATES SHOULD BE VERY VERY LEGIBLE SO THAT WE CAN SEE BY NAKED EYE
0 0 a very important section. will post something very useful tomorrow.
0 0 Organization can act as voluntary rating agencies to show actual vs advertised behavior. Example: Build an neutral organization responsible for crash test results of cars. The leadership for such organization should be voluntary, rotational and should be decided by strict code of conduct defined by government.
0 0 Scientifically help define perception: Build specific focus groups consisting of audience segments likely to be reached by each ad. Example: ask group of people about what they remember after seeing an Ad of 'Kingfisher Mineral Water' - the  water or beer. Share the insights with advertiser and government organization. Such kind of scientific study can also help build a case in courts, if required.
1 0 First Step, to Stop misleading ad on TV channels. like there is thousands TV ad on various TV channels which are misleading. I&B department should stop all these add first. for every ad on TV there should be one department to certified that ad like for films is there. then for newspaper, the publisher should be make responsible for misleading ad. if there is some misleading ad, the newspaper should be party to fraud. then for local ad, MC should be responsible for same. they have to certif .
1 0 there should be some procedure for TV ad like if some ad is show by doctor, then, it should be certified by some Govt. doctor or otherwise, they can not some such TV ad by doctor as it misleading people. like for colgate TV ad from last 25 yeas, we see some doctor recommending it. everybody as on date think its best as recommend by doctor. is it certified by some govt department like for pharm. because we intake it in our body. every thing that is for intake should be certified by some govt.
1 0 like today I am watching TV with my daughter, there is ad for deo or soap, its impossible to see that ad with family as in deo ad there is like its going to work like anything if you do deo on your body. if we can stop bad screen in films then, why not in ad.
1 0 there should be some online complaint for TV Ad or other Ad. today many people, want to do complaint for these ad, but they do not want to go to police and court for complaint against big companies. hence, it should be online complaint system for that. if today, I saw a wrong TV ad, then, I want to to complaint today only, after one week, even, I will forget and use to that ad. hence, complaint system should be very good.
1 0 For TV ad, there is one ad on TV for call and win the prize, which is totally misleading. that type of ad should be banned immediate without any department or certified. they shows image of some actress and then they are asking for name of that image holder. if some one call, its on waiting always. its not only misleading, its also fraud as per indian penal code. if this type of ad are coming on TV, then, what we say to other ad. please stop this immediate effect.
0 0 They should pressurize companies and media to off air or drop such advertisement  and use social media if higher anchorites are not taking action against company to inform people about such companies to hit their sale as well as name.
0 0 Sir Govt employee ki Retirement age   58 maximum honi chahiye only then new job creation hoge
0 0 At present advertisers advertise anything and everything without any accountability and get away with it,hence there is a mess.If every advertiser is made accountable then we will see the difference
0 0 first of all. why misleading advertisements are allowed to be released.Onus should be put on advertiser with strict penal actions,that if your advertisement is false or misleading..you will face the music.This step if well implemented can arrest the problem to a great extent.
0 0 Allow citizens to log misleading adverts using photos / voice messages / SMS / websites to govt website. Allow the consumer organisations access to these complaints so they can review, identify misleading adverts and take formal action. Govt can track all these cases and dispose them off and inform the citizen complainant.
0 0 Why was my comment not printed
1 0 Voluntary organisations should first see that advertisements by government are regulated.  In case of aadhar, the drawbacks are not published by media in view of the advertisements by UIDAI which generates crores for the media.  STOP aadhar which enables private foreign linked operators to grab our data.
1 0 The Government has published an advertisement to link Bank accounts with LPG connections.  It contains a false statement that Aadhar is not necessary.  BUT in the form given, we find that in non-aadhar cases, it contains an undertaking that we will obtain aadhar and link the same ( in small print),  The government should be truthful first.   STOP misleading advertisements by government.
0 0 one of the methods to handle such situations can be as follows :
1. make a "site visitors" group
2. give positive response to the advertisement by buying product or service by these people
3. do the recording of the use of product or service
4. if not satisfactory as per advertisement  then strict actions should be taken against them, it may be banning of their licence or detention.
Advantages of this method are :
1.concrete evidence against misleading Ads
2.special team acting 24*7.
0 0 I want to suggest to that system needs to make labour and employement more powerful and open and need to track and trace of companies actvities for labour developement by making a independent org. that ensure the labour confidence and getting proper compensation and also that org. members need to contact directly to labour for his satisfaction level about the company and ensure that labour are getting proper development and needs.
1 0 Newspaper houses should check the identity of people giving matrimonial advertisements by asking for aadhar card of person giving advertisement.
1 0 Making new laws will not help our country to grow, making INDIAN'S aware of the losses they are making to themselve will be more fruitful.....the only thing is "how you do thi?"
1 0 THE ROLE OF THE VOLUNTARY CONSUMER ORGANISATIONS IN TAKLING THE MEANCE OF MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENT SHOULD BE MORE EFFECTIVE.
0 0 MANAGING THE FINANCES BY HON'BLE MINISTERS -
ALL MINISTERS (BARRING A FEW), MPs, MLAs, ETC. MAY BE PAID BEST SALARIES DEPENDING UPON THEIR RANKS AND ALL PERKS MAY BE STOPPED. THEY MAY BE PAID ONE OF THE BEST SALARIES WHICH WOULD INSTILL THE HABIT OF MANAGING THEIR FINANCES AND ALL TYPES OF UNNECESSARY EXPENSES WOULD BE CURTAILED. THIS WAY A LOT OF PUBLIC MONEY WOULD BE SAVED.
1 0 create a censor board of a psychologist, scientist, print media , tv and radio media, film, advertisement, teachers school-college and beaurocrat. like consumer protection this should be town-city based, state board and national board. supervisors to be retired persons who will check and report in each area. each ad to have bar code which is given with certification and checked by elders. complaints to go at each forum. overall independent private board on lines of election commission to be set
0 0 vigil blowing policy  means once a person come to know that particular add is fake than he must take responsibility to make all others aware by highlighting in media or complaining  to consumer court or other relevant places must make a difference in this issue,. but govt courts or media must have to act fast once a issue comes like this that very impotent.
2 0 In case of tobacco and alcohol goods, rule needs to be made as regards to non usage of a brand name associated with aforesaid products for any other product(s). This will stop advertisements with respect to tobacco and alcohol goods. Currently, by using same brand name for multiple product line, the companies misleads the customers by effectively advertising for tobacco and alcohol goods. For instance, brands like Kingfisher, black lable,etc.
1 0 Creation of a all-india grievance portal under the aegis of “Advertising Standard Council of India”. Simultaneously giving more teeth to it , along with, a non-biased composition. Provision can be made for sharing the proceeds of penaly with complainant.
Fixing accountability of advertisers as well as their designers in the process.
0 0 make a free SMS programme, so that what people thinks will be directly known by the organisation.after that necessary action will be taken
2 0 Getting a passport is till a Himalayan job. Police verification ia simply worthless ..bcz  they always demand for money.
0 1 CONSUMER ORGANISATIONS TO HAVE MORE / MANY EMINENT PEOPLE & TEETHING POWERS-SUO MOTO ACTION ALSO ( for recommending Police Action not only on selling/marketing Cos. - similarly Womens' organisations, against service providers, etc.)  AGAINST MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENTS / DEFAULTERS.
Thanks for giving us-we citizens, the opportunity to give our views / suggestions.
Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843.  COIMBATORE ( TN ).
2 0 Celebrity Brand Ambassadors should also be attached as responsible / Participating in promotion of a Misleading Ad.
0 0 Govt should create a Regulatory Athority to Make the Advertiser to Prove what they Convey.But There are ads which De-grades usage of Plain Milk and promote their Product to be mixed with Milk.Who will buy the Product for a Poorest Child who can only dream about having such drinks.Once Such a product Company Gave ad saying that they spend a small amount from their Product sales for Poor Children.Instead they can also Give their Product free for such Children if they are Sincere in CSR.
1 0 Very poor indeed. They do pretty little except publishing the complaint, which isn't enough. Truly, false ads are so numerous that it needs an army of people to tackle it . But strict punishment can reduce them. PROMOTERS MUST HAVE A RATING FOR BUYER TO JUDGE THEM AND TRUST THEIR MONEY. WHY IS IT NOT DONE?
1 0 Consumer Rights Protection Cell (CRPC) shall be constituted as the Voluntary Consumer Organisations at dictrict/ region level in every state. These CRPCs shall include all the local corporators/ municipal members with the volunteers wished to work for consumer rights as civil police designators. The best teams shall be awarded Governor's Medal district wise. Social Awareness Programmes shall be organised by these teams in respective areas like 'nukkad nataks'. Thank you.
1 0 THESE CONSUMER COURT JUDGES ARE APPOINTED POLITICALLY SO ARE SO CORRUPT. NO SENIORITY OR OTHERE PARAMETRES SEEN WHILE APPOINTING THEM.
1 0 we can make laws against media only who are airing ads without verifying result of a product. second as there is a censor board for films there can be a body to analyse, verify results and then permission to air an ad. third is consumers become so aware hoe to put complains. BUT ISSUE IS CORRUPT CONSUMER FORUM JUDGES. THEY TAKE BRIBES FROM PRODUCT SELLER AND GIVE VERDICT ALWAYS IN HIS FAVOUR. CONSUMER GETS BENEFIT ONLY IF JUDGE DOES NOT GET MONEY FROM PRODUCT SELLER. AS THESE JUDGES ARE APPOINTE
0 0 Although this is not related to the above topic I want to draw attention to a very neglected area of providing constant help and assistance to those sports persons and jawans who have been great achievers during their golden period but are now finding it difficult to make their both ends meet. I think a separate official under some ministry should be appointed who keeps track these persons and helps them.
0 0 National ID is very much required for each citizen to avail his rights including Jan Dhan Yojna. It may be issued through automate database which will accept all government verified ids such as passports,aadhar card,election id.In the next phases all systems including penalty and subsidies can be linked to individual's national id.
2 0 Consumer protection department should take stric actions against misleading advertisers.our country people affects in many fields about this types of crimes.I request to the ministry of consumers affairs to more and joints mission of NGOs and social and private sectors and take awareness about this.Vance matram.jay jay garvi Gujarat.
0 0 Now a days some voluntary organisation pact with these ugly issues for marketing their fame as well as the company name,if all organisation strict on the matter of goodness than only mislead must not happened.
0 0 The voluntary consumer organisations in each areas can check the nature of the advertisements, and should register the company, related to the ad. and shall follow the activities of that company, regarding the ad. and should take necessary legal action against the company, if they failed to do the said things to the public.The police should support the organisation, and should not go against the organisation, by means of corruption. The police should support the organisation for their needs
1 0 सबसे पहले तो एसे विगाप्नों को बंद करना चाहिए जिनसे समाज में नग्नता फैलती है जैसे की
Slice Mango Juice के विज्ञापन में कटरीना के रसीले होठ दिखना
नल की टोंटी और बाथ शावर के विज्ञापन में औरत को पीछे से नग्न दिखाना
इस तरह की अश्लीलता और अन्य भ्रामक बातों को रोकने के लिए विज्ञापन सेंसर बोर्ड के अलावा भी स्वैच्छिक उपभोक्ता संगठन भी होना चाहिए जो विज्ञापन के साथ समाज में जा रहे सन्देश को भी समझ और नियंत्रित कर सके|
एसे विज्ञापन घर के वातावरण में कामुकता घोलते है और धीमे धीमे योन-मानसिक बीमारी बनते है|
0 0 allofficails and all people are concern about nature , the Sagam sir also doing wonderful job we consider him as GOD in madurai he is ex collector doing wonderful service, y dont you appoint and through inspection all village city , because foreigners travel to kodaikannal and they travel madurai highly even they stay they shoot villages drianges and say what a nasty place how you live
0 0 Even the road side vaccant areas side ways can plant good things and reap benefits atleast plant helps us eliminating oxygen and shadowing lot , i seen only neem tree only because it grows on his own
0 0 ia really bit worried , good happits is just washing hands, but keeping evenvironmet neat and clean  , we cant breath the goodness of nature
0 0 Madurai people and leaders and officials are more hard workers and politians too but our information is not directly listened and even other side of channels exploit ,just ignoring us , y our home town city should get best we live and we want to bring best to our future generation, they talk when you clean y dont you clean sewage water, vaigai water, lot of question from my kid i just ignore wheever i take her for just walk , i decided not to take , just asking i have shelter , y dont bring
0 0 the great happeines clean the city ,clean and keep our environment is safe , it should come in not through word of mouth it should be mandatory follow the rules on that  
i c lot of Madurai - Teppakulam and kammai suffering from dirty ,nasty thinks in the water, even it is great source for entertainment boating and lot of things can be done surfing , swimming , but they keep very dirty even we cant enter inside only those who drink linquors can get best out of it , common man is not allowed
0 0 first stop cosmetic products which is good for humans we can use rest of cosmetics should be checked what is the purpose and usage just fair and lovely wont support any thing and powder never supports  on that
0 0 Sir
For reducing / eliminating Farmers Suicides.
Can we have a list of NPA / BAD farmer loans from RBI put on a government or RBI website to which we can ask citizens to voluntarily contribute. All contributions may then be equally or in weightage of loan amount go the the loan accounts and thereby reduce the loan payable. This would empower the farmers and reduced their Loan Burden.
0 0 The Cooperative Societies Act needs complete revision. Most of the Cooperative Institutions especially cooperative banks are infested with corrupt officials and politicians. Many co Banks are places for keeping black money. TDS is not applicable to deposits in Co Banks. Rate of interest is generally more than given by Public sector Banks. The failure rate of Cooperative Banks is very high and huge amounts are to be paid by Insurance companies as insurance claims by small d by small debtors.
0 0 In my opinion, the organization has to do just one thing , that is counter-advertising. Let them telecast the advertisement and as an organizing body you have to research, check, analyse and evaluate it and then show the result as a counter advertisement. For eg, take  Fair and Lovely ad, put the counter advertising that any such cream cannot make you fair, put some scientific truths to support it. I think TIt-for-Tat method is the only way to such misleading advertisements.
0 0 Reservations of all kinds should be done away with.  Let everyone get admissions or jobs or promotions only on the basis of their credibility, potentials and intelligence. Many deserving candidates lose their opportunity due to reservation policies.  This will ,make all aspiring candidates more hard working and enthusiastic.  Also please make one Indian Law governing all religions, rewrite constitution for present day social situations.
0 0 Plus the expenses of going to delhi for appearing in
admission GD/PI.
Isnt it ethically wrong to force students to gamble his money without
knowing his CAT score.
Ideally, colleges  should be open to  accept applications till  10 jan 2015.
0 0 Greetings!.
I would like to mention about wrong policy of admission at MDI.
Last date of form submission ends at nov 2014 while CAT results were
declared on 27 dec 2014.
It means students without knowing how much his percentile is , how his
CAT score is,   has to apply to MDI and submit its fees.
A young person without job who aspires for MBA has to deposit such
money ( admission form purchase) to atleast 5 colleges costing him
over 10,000/-
0 0 I will request first setup pricing control board, Misleading Advertisements will automatically get controlled. They hire celebrity for most misleading Advertisements, and pay them and charge to consumers. For example if you buy water bottle it will cost you 10RS to 150 RS / litter. Same thing , same cleaning process everything same, why two product have different  price? Answer come Advertisement cost also come from product sell only.
2 0 First of all I would to be focus your notice on basic laws  for compnay establishment are very weak,Because so many companies are arising like termit. They can easily open their companies account with banks. So many companies are misleading the customers on falls promises and easily making fraud activities.Normal lay man don't have so much knowledge so they innocently involved in that fake deals  and suffering huge losses.we should improve our company registration process for misleading customer
0 0 i want everyone to tink ....im i dng right or wrong....ter r many rape cases v come to know in india...is tis is correct ...its abslty wrong ....its not v say women wear short dresses ....but v hav to change the minds of men nd not women...i campare women as god...i want each nd every men in india to treat women as equal nd tey should not be toched without ter permission ...as v r the future young indians v hav to be a role model for of future india...vandemataram...jay hind!!!
0 0 i want suggest about ESIC MEDICAL COLLEGES UNDER MOL&E, GOI AND ITS PROBLEM:
 UPA GOVT HAD STARTED ESICMEDICAL COLLEGE ( ~ABOUT 20 NOs) PROJECT UNDER ESIC WITH THE HELP OF IPs (LABOURERS/EMPLOYEES) MONEY, AND FILLED THE MAJOR PART OF MBBS SEATS BY ALL INDIA QUOTA AND STATES QUOTA, MOST OF PROJECTS ARE NOT CMPLETED, OTHER POINTS ARE 1. WHY DO U USE THE IPs  MONEY to educate the medicine to common people becoz esic hospitals cannot utilize these much outcomining mbbs doctors,
1 0 4. sbhi media Paper/ TV media ko prakashit kre with Non misleading advertisement certificate number ke saath. jise aam janata viswas kregi,, jaise ki log holmark wale gold pe trust krte hai..
1 0 1.media ko kisi bhi advertisements ke dene se pahle  NMA (Non misleading advertisement) certificate ke bad he paper ya liveTV pe dala jaye anivarya kr diya jaaye.
2.Non misleading advertisement certificate bnane ke liye kisi bhi ek goverment body jo ki en sbse sambandhit hai. use ye kaam diya jaye.
3.certificate ke liye kooch paper aur declairation anivarya kr diye jaaye.Paper me Pan card, bank account, firm ka paper , resaerch report, declairation.
aur fir ek kanoon bna kr lagu kr diya jaye.
0 0 Namaste !
Yes, being Ayurveda doctor , will say that is is disheartening to see the misleading advertisements..We should do campaigns against these with support of NGO..Awareness camps should be created by jathas and street dramas,.
0 0 I request to the Hon. Govt. to control the suicide done  by the farmer in allover India and to take measure against such critical issues of the farmer , to help them in increasing the productivity, supply of water ,availability of natural khat, electricty etc. Implementations of Special Agricultural Zones ,Importance of Collective farming. Hope to see the better future of Indian Farmers. I will also help if require. Thanks
0 0 I would like to say that Govt and public sector and private sector jointly start small type technical and practical training centers all over the country to develop skills of rural and urban young so that they go for work or they can start some small technical establishments this will be mostly use full to poor young and we can minimise crime rate also.
0 0 menace of misleading advertisements should be checked by ministry of consumer affairs in association with NGOs, but there should be transparency in ministry's dealing with NGOs. Most of the ministry officers who deal with NGOs are accused of bribery and other corruption. despite 7 months of Modi government we are yet to see list of NGOs and details of their activities on central ministry websites. when we will see any difference between congress and bjp, on regulation of NGOs ?
0 0 The greatest task for all developing cities is to find road space for the increasing number of vehicles. Introduction of two wheeler taxis is one move. This can help reduce the traffic congestion, fuel or energy conservation, employment generation at minimum investment etc. Submitted for your consideration.
0 0 ok
1 0 One humble request to the judicial community and NGOs that they also take suo-moto (himself) action to protect the society from the misleading advertisements.
1 0 Stop engaging celebraties for promoting products who seldom use one's (marketers) products ( all sports  persons, film industry ) . Because of which first we,general public  pay huge price which otherwise would just cost 50% less than what we pay now. Secondly products worthiness and success is not seen or shared . Any product/service should be time tested and  Testimonials should be available on the Product Promotion /Marketing/Manufacturers websites.
0 0 Sellers should not be allowed to sell unless they get approval from evaluation board
1 0 सत्यमेव जयते वाले आमिर खान, मीडिया हाउस के लोगो को , मुस्लिम धर्म कि बुराई क्यों नहीं दिखती ...............??????
देश के कुछ स्वार्थी लोग  जैसे कि --- सत्यमेव जयते वाले आमिर खान, जामा मस्जिद वाले इमाम बुखारी , तथाकथित   धर्मनिरपेक्ष  मीडिया चैनल , मीडिया हाउस  के लोगो को मुस्लिम धर्म कि बुराई/ कमियां  क्यों नहीं दिखती ..........??????????????? 
ये  लोग  चंद  रुपयों के लालच में ,.......    देश के भोले- भाले, सहनशील  लोगो को गुमराह करके समाज में नफरत फ़ैलाने का घिनोना काम  कर रहे हैं. 
---    इनको मुस्लिम समाज कि बुराइयाँ क्यों नहीं    दिखती......??????????
---   मुस्लिम समाज में महिलाओ कि कितनी ख़राब स्थिति है --- उनको  नमाज पढने कि इजाजत नहीं है ............., मस्जिदों में प्रवेश करने कि इजाजत   नहीं है ..................एक से ज्यादा शादी और आधिक बच्चो के कारण उनकी परवरिश,  पढाई- लिखाई   अच्छी  नहीं हो पाती.............. महिलाओ और बच्चो  के    हालत ख़राब है . . 
जब कि जिस हिन्दू समाज   कि रीती रिवाज / धार्मिकमान्यताओ / परम्पराओ  कि -- ये लोग बुराई करते नहीं थकते .--- वहां   पर मंदिर में जाने पर महिलाओ पर कोई पाबन्दी नहीं........................ घर में कोई अनुष्ठान /पूजा /धार्मिक कार्य बिना महिला कि भागीदारी के होता ही नहीं...........................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
क्या बड़ी-बड़ी बातें करने  वाले ये लोग मुस्लिम महिलाओ के लिए इन मुद्दों पर आवाज़ को बुलंद करने  कि हिम्मत करेंगे..............................?????????????????
भवदीय
Manojj Kr. Vishwakarma... न्याय--- पुरुष
Social Activist, RTI Activist & Scientist
A Responsible Citizen of Nation.......
09253323118./ 09910597896
.
---The Public Solution Factory..........
Visit us at-- thepublicsolutionfactory.blogspot.in
Facebook as--www.facebook.com/groups/thepublicsolutionfactory/
& as---www.facebook.com/thepublicsolutionfactory
Twiter as --https://twitter.com/PblicSolnFactry
---परिवार बचाओ ----देश बचाओ.... जनआन्दोलन....
Visit us at --http://parivarbachaodeshbachao.blogspot.in/
Facebook as--www.facebook.com/groups/parivarbachao/
Twitter as--https://twitter.com/ParivarBachao
.---अन्ना के सिपाही
Visit us on--annakesipahi.blogspot.com
Facebook as---www.facebook.com/groups/annakesipahi/
Twitter as--https://twitter.com/AnnaKeSipahi
1 0 देश का संविधान बड़ा............ या................... धर्म ...............
.
आदरणीय देशवासिओं,
वैसे तो हमारे संविधान में  कहा गया है कि--- धर्म के आधार पर कोई भेदभाव नहीं किया जायेगा . लेकिन यहाँ तो सरेआम केवल धर्म के आधार पर भेदभाव होता है . 
-   एक व्यक्ति सिर्फ एक  मुस्लिम धर्म से सम्बन्ध रखता है तो उस के लिए अलग कानून लागु हैं. उसके अंतर्गत  काफी छूट भी है . जैसे — हज यात्रा पर सब्सिडी ,  जितने चाहो बच्चे पैदा करो, जितनी शादियाँ करो ,एक मिनट में जब चाहो तलाक  ले लो . अगर वो हिन्दूहै तो उसके लिए इतनी सारी कानूनी बंदिशें .................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-   सत्यमेव जयते वाले आमिर खान, दिल्ली कि जामा  मस्जिद के इमाम बुखारी  हो या कोई और या हाल में रिलीज़ हुई फिल्म PK .............या कोई मीडिया हाउस ...........!!!!!!!!!!!!   ये सब  लोग हिन्दुओ के देवी देवताओ या उनकी रीती – रिवाजो / मान्यताओ कि ही बुराई क्यों  करते हैं ...............????????????? इनको मुस्लिम धर्म के लोगो कि बुराई क्यों नज़र नहीं आती ................?????????????????
-   ये धर्म के आधार पर भेदभाव  नहीं तो  क्या है...........??????????????????
वैधानिक चेतावनी – हमारे  किसी जाती/ धर्म  से कोई लड़ाई / कोई दवेषया कोई नफरत नहीं है . और न ही हमारा ऐसा कोई उद्देश्य है . हम तो सिर्फ इस देश के लोगो को सच से अवगत करवाना चाहते हैं.
भवदीय
Manojj Kr. Vishwakarma... न्याय--- पुरुष
Social Activist, RTI Activist & Scientist
A Responsible Citizen of Nation.......
09253323118./ 09910597896
.
---The Public Solution Factory..........
Visit us at-- thepublicsolutionfactory.blogspot.in
Facebook as--www.facebook.com/groups/thepublicsolutionfactory/
& as---www.facebook.com/thepublicsolutionfactory
Twiter as --https://twitter.com/PblicSolnFactry
2 0 अंग्रेजी हुकूमत कि व्यवस्था के दोष के चलते आज भी ,.. ..........मूलभूत समस्याओ के समाधान के लिए ........ ......................
December 28, 2014 at 10:47am
अंग्रेजी   हुकूमत कि व्यवस्था के दोष के चलते आज भी ,..  मूलभूत समस्याओ के समाधान के लिए........  देशवासियों को  ,....... अपने पर दो चार मुक़दमे दर्ज करवाने पड़ते हैं,.....   बिना  कसूर के  अपराधी बनना पड़ता है ,.....   जेल  जाना पड़ता है ......  और अपना कैरिएर  बर्बाद करना पड़ता है .................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
आदरणीय नरेन्द्र भाई मोदी जी ,
आपके  प्रयासों से शुरू हुआ स्वच्छता आभियान,  घरो में शौचालय की जैसी मूलभूत समस्याओ पर जनसहयोग से आभियान के काम  से,   मुझे प्रेरणा और ख़ुशी मिली है. ये बाते मैंने तत्कालीन राष्ट्रपति प्रतिभा पाटिल से भी पूछी थी , लेकिन आप तो जानते हैं कि इन लोगो ने तो व्यवस्था का कितना ख़राब  हाल    बना  डाला था .....???    ,  लोगो के विश्वाश का कत्ले-आम करने में कोई कसर  नहीं छोड़ी थी. 
हम  आपका ध्यान देश के हर जिला, तहसील, क़स्बा   और गावं , मोहल्ले के लोगो को परेशान  करने वाली मूलभूत व्यवस्था कि गड़बड़ियो कि और आकर्षित करना चाहता हूँ.    जिसके कारण देश के लोगो को मूलभूत  सुविधाएं पाने के लिए ,.......  अपने पर दो चार मुक़दमे दर्ज करवाने पड़ते हैं,.....   बिना कसूर के  अपराधी बनना पड़ता है ,.....   जेल जाना पड़ता है ......  और अपना कैरिएर बर्बाद करना पड़ता है .................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ये समस्याएं हैं जैसे कि – सड़क कि समस्या, सड़क बनी ही नहीं और टोल टैक्स कि वसूली  शुरू , पानी कि समस्या, बिजली कि समस्या , बिजली की तार लटकना , हॉस्पिटल में  चिकित्सा सुविधाओ कि कमी , सिविर / सफाई कि समस्या , गेस सिलिंडर कि समस्या या  अन्य दूसरी समस्याओ कि जब हम सम्बंधित आधिकारियो को  शिकायत  करते हैं तो वे उनके  निदान के लिए कोई कार्यवाही नहीं करते.  
जब  समस्या का समाधान नहीं होता तो परेशान  लोग  मजबूर होकर सड़क जाम  करते हैं तो ---विभागीय आधिकारियो ( जिनकी इस समस्या के समाधान कि जिम्मेदारी है ) के खिलाफ तो कोई केस दर्ज नहीं किया जाता ............     न ही कोई ,...         कार्यवाही कि जाती ................        जबकि  मूलभूत समस्याओ के समाधान को लेकर सड़क  जाम करने वाले लोगो के खिलाफ मुक़दमे दर्ज कर दिए जाते हैं.............................     और अपराधी बना दिया  जाता है......................................   पढने वाले बच्चो के खिलाफ केस दर्ज करके उनके कैरिएर पर बट्टा लगा दियाजाता है...........                  या ...................   फिर अवैध वसूली...............?????
मतलब  इस देश में मूलभूत समस्याओ के समाधान को लेकर भी ,   कानून अपने  हाथ में लिए बिना कुछ होता नहीं ..................???????????
क्या इन आधिकारियो कि कोई  जिम्मेदारी नहीं बनती............?????   
आज तक देश में ऐसे अधिकारियो के खिलाफ कितने मुकदमे दर्ज किये गए   ..............  ???   और कितने  लाख मुक़दमे समस्याओ को लेकर सड़क जाम करने को  बैठे लोगो के खिलाफ किये गए ................  ???      हर  गाँव में ऐसे मुक़दमे मिल जायेंगे,.....................   लेकिन पूरे देश में आधिकारियो के खिलाफ कोई विरला ही मुकदमा दर्ज हुआ होगा................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
इन  समस्याओ से देश के हर जिला/ शहर/ क़स्बा/ गाँव के लोग पीड़ित और परेशान हैं. आप संसद  में ऐसे कानून बनाएं ताकि इस प्रकार कि समस्याओ से देश के लोग निजात  पा  सकें  और अंग्रेजो कि  हमें गुलाम रखने के लिए बनायीं   हुई व्यवस्था कि खामियों से छुटकारा मिल सके और  निर्दोष लोगो कि प्रताड़ना रूक सके .  जय हिन्द...........!!!
भवदीय
Manojj Kr. Vishwakarma... न्याय--- पुरुष
Social Activist, RTI Activist & Scientist
A Responsible Citizen of Nation.......
09253323118./ 09910597896
.
---The Public Solution Factory..........
Visit us at-- thepublicsolutionfactory.blogspot.in
Facebook as--www.facebook.com/groups/thepublicsolutionfactory/
& as---www.facebook.com/thepublicsolutionfactory
Twiter as --https://twitter.com/PblicSolnFactry
---परिवार बचाओ ----देश बचाओ.... जनआन्दोलन....
Visit us at --http://parivarbachaodeshbachao.blogspot.in/
Facebook as--www.facebook.com/groups/parivarbachao/
Twitter as--https://twitter.com/ParivarBachao
.---अन्ना के सिपाही
Visit us on--annakesipahi.blogspot.com
Facebook as---www.facebook.com/groups/annakesipahi/
Twitter as--https://twitter.com/AnnaKeSipahi
0 1 Now a days a lot of vacancies are created in Banking. Good Talents are not getting enough salary in public sector banks. After joining the Banking job, they see the work pressure. They think that there is huge amount of risk involved. No time for self and family.So, PM sir' kindly give ur  kind attention towards public sector banks.
1 0 Small changes can help in saving big.
1.	All red lights should have timers.
2.	Syncing of red lights on the road.
3.	There should always be simpler and easy option for pedestrians to cross the roads.
4.	Separate and strict rules for public transport.
5.	Quick action from govt. in case of traffic rule break may it be highway or city.
6.	Auto ticketing (fine) and payments systems. Instead of barricades auto scanning system on the roads for road security.
7.	Strict action against bribe.
1 0 Toll free number shall be circulated to all NGOs so that complaints can be lodged straight. Website and email to be provided so that misleading Advertisements are reported about. Departments can have their branches in all states so that regional languages adverts also shall be watched.
1 0 In my view  reservation should not be practice bcz our people of india thinks that sc/st get job on basis of reser. Not on their own abilities . This create more difference btw people of india . They hate sc/st as they think they took theie jobs . All should get job on basis of their abilities as our gov . Providing education to each and every citizen of india . Gov. Should focus more on education instead of reservation
1 0 THEY CAN RANK BEST AND WORST ADVERTISEMENTS BASED ON ONLINE PEOPLES OPINION POLL.AND WORST CAN BE BANNED .BY MORAL PRESSURE .
0 1 More employment could be generated by reducing the existing salaries if govt takes 100% care of medical and children's education which is the costliest today.
2 0 In India less information and mis information is the basis of advertising. Supplemental nutrition openly make claims that cannot be substantiated. However there is no platform in India that would help consumers to stand up to such malpractices. Fairness creams portray the dark complexion as inferior is equivalent to racism. India needs a platform where the malpractices are reported and communicated widely to to bring in awareness. Consumer courts need to be more than ornamental.
0 0 Dear respected PM Narendra Modiji,
Formation of joint Navy of India & SrLanka, which may guide fishermen of both countries using GPRS facilities. This will end the root of unnecessary problems regarding fishermen for both countries. Thanks for consideration.
0 0 like the external intelligence establish a hidden internal intelligence unit for corruption...
0 0 सत्ता में इतना मेहनत करके हिन्दू सरकार बनाने का क्या लाभ हुवा जब ऐसे ही हिन्दुओं के देवी देवताओं का अपमान होना है.
मोदी और राजनाथ क्या अब हिन्दू विरोधी हो गए हैं या कोंग्रेसी हो गए हैं
संघ और विहिप की बात नहीं सुन रहे हैं क्या ये, एक फिल्म पर प्रतिबन्ध नहीं लगा सकते तो क्या कर सकते हैं
क्या अब भाजपा भारत छोड़ो अभियान चलाना पड़ेगा
-जय श्री राम
0 0 To reach out to the remaining people for jandhan yojna, we can use voting booths and open bank accounts
3 0 Dear respected PM Narendra Modi sir, Im belongs to karnataka im working in ISRO Satellite Centre in Contract Manner, we are not getting any facility compare to Regular Employees, like Leave, Canteen concession and we are not getting half of the salary compare to regular employees, so kindly change the Some of the Contract Rules.
Thank you Sir
I hope i can get replay from this message
1 0 The role of such voluntary customer organisations like mouthshut.com is very important. These type of portals provide the real feedback of the consumers who cheated by the misleading advertizements of such brand companies. this type of sites aware the consumer to make right choice for the product which he going to purchase.
0 0 Dear respected PM modi sir, I m belong from uttrakhand I want action on which company or factories which are shut down the manufacturing or migrate the people other place and unemployment from job here mostly factories have come and established the factories under sidcul now they are shut down the manufacturing and migrate the employees and percecution of employees so this is indicate factories only benefitted government subsidy not encourage employment so how will feel our secure future
1 0 Sir, regarding section 138 of negotiable instrument act, there must be a automatic provision to recover the money from a check bouncing company/firm/individual by way of auctioning his property/assets after deciding the suit. There should not be any need to file a separate recovery suit for the complainant.  This may decrease court cases in a large number
1 0 Please Make responsibility of Highway toll both owner to  essentially have Garbage box on toll both in every line. and clean Garbage box every 6-12 Hrs. FOR CLEAN INDIA
1 0 we had received fake calls from Insurance dept. and the talk very rudely. Please stop this kind of calls. also please activate National Roaming Free.
1 0 all payment can be made in the form of NEFT/RTGS. It will save paper, time and money of sender and receiver, no question of return of instrument, very fast to credit the recipient bank account. If all users uses NEFT/RTGS payment, then paperless banking revolution will occur in India and Bankers can save 8000 crore of amount and can give the benefit to customers by not charging any commissions.
1 0 Majority Voluntary consumer organisations are formed to get personal benefits only and it remains only up to the visiting cards and red plates of the vehicles. I think in India 2-3 persons out of 10 are either all India president or chairman of the so called organisations. Selling of ID cards of such forums is a business now a days. If such formation are not registered it should be treated as fraud and if regd. should be checked for its activities and performance.
1 0 Start a toll free no and a Kiosk for companies Enquiry in each district.
0 0 Need of the time to allow banking entities to start trading in commodity exchanges. Select commodities like gold could be allowed to trade on exchanges so that Banks can reduce dependence on Import of Gold. Further, India may become a price setter rather than a price taker in such a scenario. Currently gold that's delivered into exchanges are London good delivery bars, which anyways Banks are already dealing with while importing. Also, in case prices overseas are more, Banks may sell OTC.
2 0 Voluntary Consumer Organisation can help raise public awareness by conducting seminars and workshops and training programmes. It is important that they not only inform about the laws but stress on the public to be vigilant.
Voluntary organisation can create pressure groups or lobby against a misleading advertisement  and its promoter company.
File PIL's  in the Court and bring such ads to the notice of the judiciary for legal action against the  promoters of such misleading advertisements.
0 2 Scan copy of cheques instead of physical cheques for clearing for net banking account holders
Net banking account holders are presently only making all payments and transfers themselves.
For clearing physical cheques are presented in bank for scanning and processing it for clearing.
Submission of scanned cheques should be allowed for clearing.
This will reduce unnecessary paper work, visit to the bank and work load of bank too.
2 0 Online Stores are the leaders in duping the onsumers with mis-leading advertisements.  They do NOT take any responsibility for any items billed by them /  through them  They quote prices which are not affordable to any supplier, sell out-dated goods, without any warranty support, no service support.  They harass the customer openly.  They are also snatching the livelihood of lakhs of traders (who are the backbone of the country, next only to farmers), and have brought the entire trade to a halt.
1 0 Most of company do follow misleading advertisment tactices to lure cusmter towards their product. Take any field Pharma, education ,FMCG, financial, reality etc (long list). There should be a strict guidline and a governing body ( we do not need babu's here ). We are paying a high price of misleading adv from our hard earn money. Here interest of consumer need to be protect from money making people. example (shradha chit fund SCAM).
ADV are hiding the actual info of product.
0 0 Sending government gezetted officials personally on ground to check their authenticity and held them responsible for the same to book defaulters then n there will restrict spread of the manace of misleading advertisements further...
1 0 Companies like Dominos, Pizza Hut, Britannia, Parle and many more. They show some thing different and deliver some this different.
2 0 There shall be strict action against the companies if their product do not meet the promise which they make in advertisement.., just compensating the consumer is not the permanent solution. There might many other consumers who were cheated through advertisement and not claimed the compensation or have suffered loss which can not be compensated.
2 0 A group for "MAKE IN INDIA"  please
1 0 ASCI and Press Council of India, आज केवल नियम बनाने की संस्था बनकर रह गई हैं. जबकि हमारे  देश में छपने वाले प्रतेक अख़बार, प्रत्रिका, साप्ताहिकी इत्यादि के एक कॉपी इनको भी जाती है. उसमे छपने वाले भ्रामक विज्ञापन क्या इनको नहीं दीखता है. साथ ही होर्डिंग, वाल पेंटिंग इत्यादि के लिए इजाजत देने के साथ ही उसपर छपने वाले विज्ञापन की कापी ली जानी चाहिए जिससे इसपर पूर्ण अंकुश लगाया जा सकता है.
0 0 Slogan for Namami Ganga.
Every Hand to make it Pure
Because every drop can Cure.
1 0 clean ganga - we have to contribute to clean ganga
0 0 Jago grahak jago ! !  (BEFORE BUYING ANYTHING)
1 - take REVIEWS from ur friends about the products which are costly on ur pocket.
2-  new product's SMALLEST possible package for self- testing.
3- buy only when it is very NECESSARY.
4-COMPARE it with other same ones.
1 0 Sir, welcome your moves of swachh Bharat High speed trains your understading to Hindu mythology.i would like to bring your kind notice high speed electric/water meters which have become a headache for customers a
specialy in Haryana which was a preplaned programme of previous government.kindly take action in this regard to relive the poor public.
1 0 Modi ji can you somehow stop bollywood from spreading anti hindu philosophy. Imagine P.K. movie is released in pakistan amirkhan would be in jail. गाल पर हिन्दू भगवान की जगह अगर गुरुगोबिंद सिंह या मुहम्मद की फ़ोटो चिपकाई होती तो अब तक भारत में दंगे हो चुके होते।
0 0 #swachh bharat : I have a suggestion for removing littering habbits on roadside by general public...there should be dust bins kept at appropriate distances on side of roadways so that everybody is obliged to throw waste materials directly in those bins..and littering on public places eventually decreases..
3 0 India is undergoing rapid nutritional transition.CHILDREN are increasingly consuming high-saturated-fat snacks, refined carbohydrates and sweetened carbonated beverages.There is an increased inclination to replace traditional meals with energy-dense imbalanced foods. Such dietary patterns with inadequate physical activity trigger the onset of fat deposition and lead to early metabolic derangements such as the DIABESITY. Hence Lets protect our future & HEAL-(healthy eating&Active living) together
1 0 voluntary consumer organization are relevant but to serve purpose consumer awareness campaign needed much deeper penetration at the university and community level to ignite the consumer rights and misleading advertisement and products.people get carried away easily without evaluating pros and cons to commercial ads their is need to be a role of interventionist authority for market advertisement infatuation. government can create kiosks  for product viability   .
1 0 digital india- all govt departments, autonomous bodies  should  increase use of IT. By doing work of files, records and disemination of information etc thru online mode. paper work should be minimised.  this will improve  green environment by saving trees also becos saving paper is saving trees.  Income tax departments have brought the system of e filing , this has reduced the paper work. similiarly all data to be provided to various departments including  IT department should be soft copies
1 0 all vacancies  in govt and autonomous bodies should be filled.  Many of our essential services bodies are not able to perform  due to shortage of staff. eg police department.  there is shortage of staff , hence not able to control and reduce the increasing crime rate in cities,metros and other areas. there is a ban on filling up new posts, this needs to be reviewed. Further the practice of giving employment to govt pensioners in the autonomous bodies and govt departments should be minimised.
1 0 This menace of  misleading advertisement can also be reduced if the organisations  airing this advertisements and giving such ads are made to sign legal agreements , deposit bank guarantees with information and broadcasting department in  proof of their being genuine ads
2 0 The items which are imported in India are not subjected to govt duties in a proper manner. There are many flaws. Many importers deliberately show theiir import cost at a relatively llower rates, thus saving duties and harming economy.Custom duty regime needs introspection. It will also help in Make In India Campaign.
1 0 a public interest petition before HIGHCOURT of respective state against such misleading add.even u can file private complaint before judicial magistrate first class.penal punishment may be possible. sm bangur advocate 9425936892
1 0 Manually paddled carts known as Van Rickshaws carrying goods can be seen plying on roads in large numbers in the suburbs of Kolkata. It appears there is no restriction on the weight of goods that can be loaded on such vans as a result poor people are forced to carry unbearable load on such vans .  It exposes such hapless van rickshaw drivers or pullers to possible serious physical hazards. The practice prevalent is inhuman and calls for intervention by the Govt.
1 0 Many advertisements are not only misleading , vulgar also. I do not think freedom of expression can hurt the feeling of viewers.India is a vast    country and the Government regulation is so feeble that so many unwanted and unethical advertisements are coming every day that a few voluntary consumer organisations can do little about it. Government regulatory Bodies should screen such advertisements before publication.
sodied
0 0 Rise against false propaganda.
4 0 Dear My Gov,
मेरे गाव में आधार कार्ड बनाने के लिए 20 से 30 रुपया प्रत्येक ब्यक्ति से जबरदस्ती लिए जा रहे है। जो लोग बिरोध कर रहे है उनका आधार कार्ड नहीं बनाया जा रहा है।
कृपया मेरे गांव में तत्काल इस पर रोक लगवॉए। ताकि  इसमें सभी लोगो का आधार कार्ड बन सके। और भ्रस्टाचार मुक्त सरकारी काम हो सके। हम ग्रामवासी को आपके कार्यवाही की सीघ्र प्रतिछा है।
1 0 Our city group is not discussing any thing. They all should use the platform to join together and make Swakchh Bharat Abhiyan a great success in their cities. Let us come together to volunteer at least once in a week.
1 0 पूर्णिया जिले में इन माहो में बढ़ रहे अपराध से चिंतित मैंने आज इसे भी लिखने का मन बनाया | इस जिले का दुर्भाग्य है सारे हीं ढीले पदाधिकारीयो का आगमन जिले में हुआ है | कहीं किसी विभाग में सख्ती है हीं नही बस सरकारी लूट तन्त्र हावी है |अच्छे दिनों की बात अब स्वप्न में भी नही है | भा जा पा ने यह मूल सीट जब से खोई है राज्य सरकार का ध्यान है भी नही क्योकि यह भा जा पा की सीट है यह सब जानते है |स्थानीय नेता के चयन प्रक्रिया के दोष के कारण सीट गई और निरकुंशता हावी हो गई इस पर केंद्र ध्यान दे |
0 0 भ्रामक विज्ञापनों में अब तक दोनों हीं सरकारो  ने कोई अंकुश नही लगाया है और नही स्थानीय पदाधिकारीयो को इस सम्बन्ध को कोई दिशा निर्देश प्राप्त है | अखबारों टेलीविजन चैनल जिनकी पहुंच घर घर है कोई भी सामग्री बेझिझक परोसते जबकि विज्ञापन करने वाले जब तक सच से स्वयं रूबरू नही हो वे भ्रामक विज्ञापन नही करे ऐसा कई बार देख गया सुना गया किसी बड़े पदाधिकारी को अपने कार्यक्रम में बुलाकर कम्पनीयां सुर्खीयां बटोरती है और फिर स्वार्थ सिद्ध होते हीं रफूचक्कर हो जाती है थाने क्षेत्र के प्रभारी के अनुमति जरूरी करें
1 0 Railway should not be privatized rather private work culture should be adopted. Every national highway should have rail track both side to avoid wastage of farmers lands. It will be helpful more for transportation of goods and public with low costing.
0 0 Respected Modi Ji,
Implementation of Gandhi ji' Dream of Nasha/Shraab Mukt Bharat
0 0 OUR INDIA SHOULD BE STRONG FOR THAT EFFICIENCY IN BEURACY IS MUST. GOI IF TAKES PEOPLE WHO PUSHED UP ON THE BASIS OF CATES/RELIGIONS, HOW DOES IT EXPECT EFFICIANCY. FIRST CITIZENS ARE MADE WEAK BY PROVIDING RESERVATION AND COUNTRY SUFFERS SO MUCH DUE TO INEFFICIENCY. GOI TO REALLY BUILD UP EFFICIENCY AND FOR THAT DYNAMICALLY DISPENSE WITH RESERVATION. GOI TO PROMOTE STRONG INDIA BUT NOT WEAK ADMIN. I AM READY TO TALK ON THIS WITH THE PM IF OPPORTUNITY IS GIVEN.
0 0 GOI AND STATES TO GIVE FREE EDUCATION TO ALL UPTO 10TH  CLASS. IN ADDITION, PRIVATE INSTITUTIONS TO CONTINUE. GOVT TO INCREASE NUMBER OF SCHOOLS AND MAKE UNIFORM SYLLABUS IN SOCIAL, MATHS AND SCIENCE THROUGH  OUT COUNTRY WITH QUALITATIVE LESSONS AND QUALITATIVE TEACHING. RADIOS & TVS TO BE USED TO REACH FAR FLUNG AREAS. ALL TO BE ENCOURAGED TO TAKE EXAMS. ONCE THIS IS DONE EFFICIENCY OF PEOPLE WILL INCREASE WHICH SHOULD ALONE BE THE ELIGIBILITY FOR JOBS/FURTHER EDUCATION WITHOUT CITING CASTE.
0 0 EVERY INDIAN IS REQUIRED TO BE KNOWN AS INDIAN ONLY. HENCE USAGE OF NAME OF CASTE OR RELIGION OR RACE OR ON ACCOUNT OF MAJORITY OR MINORITY TO BE TOTALLY DISPENSED. NAME OF CASTE OR RELIGION SHOULD NOT BE USED IN ANY FORMS OF SCHOOL OR COLLEGE OR GOVERNMENT JOBS OR ANY STATUTORY BOOKS OR GOVT FORMS. THIS WILL ENABLE OUR COUNTRY TO ACHIEVE PERFECT SECULARISM AND EQUALITY. THIS TO BE STARTED BY GOI. VIOLATIONS TO BE MADE PUNISHABLE.
0 0 Sir i am a b.tech student.i wanted to open a bank account so according to regulations a post must be deliverd at home address for account opening.it is since 1 month the post is not delivered at given address.it is not only with me but with many citizens of my locality that post is not delievered at time.i talked to postmaster about same but only rude behaviour and incomplete information was found.please do something for this.i hope of a effective and frequent responce from our side
0 0 PRESENTLY ALL THE HIGHER LEVEL BUREAUCRATS ARE ENJOYING CARS AT COST OF GOI. MOST OF THEM & MOST OF THE TIME THEY  ARE USED FOR PERSONAL WORK AND FAMILIES. SOME KEEP GOI CARS AT HOME FOR FAMILIES. THIS FACILITY IS AVAILED BY ELIGIBLE & INELIGIBLE OFFICERS AT PRESENT. THIS FACILITY IS IN ADDITION TO TRANSPORT ALLOWANCE GIVEN.HENCE PL GIVE MILAGE ALLOWANCE FOR ALL OFFICIAL DUTY & WITHDRAW CARS. GOI  CAN SAVE THOUSANDS OF CRORES OF Rs BY FOLLOWING THIS.
0 0 I would like to give this suggestion to Shri Piyush Goyal, Power Minister. Today I saw a news item that Haryana government plans to set up another thermal power plant in Yamunanagar. I think that there is an urgent need to holistically review the policy of setting up thermal power plant far away from the source of coal. We should set up more power plants near the coal source and transmit power using high voltage line. We have good hydel capacity in northern India which helps in grid stability.
0 0 Happy Birth day's Former Shri Atal Bihari Vajapayee Ji God Bliss --------- Sumant Prasad State Uttar Pradesh
0 0 sir i have sent a letter to you regarding the punjabi university patiala(punjab) but the study notes is not sent by time to time we submitted our fees time to time and we have the right to accept all such services time to time the letter is also forwarded to h.r.d minister ms samriti irani and also vice chancellor punjabi university patiala the notes which is sent by this department is not sent by time to time i wanted to say that no one has ready to hear our voice and no one gave a reply on cas
1 0 Now Some Of the Agricultural product are banned to export like pomegranate
so Price that product are reduced half of the last year. so it directly affect on farmer so minimum agricultural product do not for export so benefit for farmer will get this is my suggestion to goverment.
0 0 There no legal power to voluntary Consumer protaction organisation. Give them  legal powers .They will definately give good result .
2 0 Trivial- When availing just 1 RTI copy could cost Rs250. YET as the first steps to Education. We must advertise= All NATURAL herbs God created never needed advertisement. Only Man-made so-called products do. Against living out of boxes & vial drugs. Reducing dependency & increasing need of product Credibility. We must impose a Basic tax on ads. That will get exempts depending on Customer credit ratings in a Govt regd. Consumer SITE -Like SEBI listings it goes by shares of ratings. No ads needed.
0 0 लिस है डंडा लेके घुमती है। आप किसी पुलिस ऑफिसर्स से पूछिए के डंडा क्यों है तुम्हारे हात में या किसी कांस्टेबल से पूछिए के तुम ये डंडा ठक ठक करके घूमते हो ... क्यों डंडा है तुम्हारे हात में ? किसी और अधिकारी के हात में आपने डंडा देखा है ? पुलिस की ही हात में डंडा क्यों? बड़ा ऑफिसर है तो छोटा रूल लेके चलेगा और छोटा अधिकारी है तो लम्बा सा डंडा लेके चलेगा। क्यों ?? कोई भेड़ बखरीओं को चराने जाना है क्या ? गाँव का कोई लकडहारा भेड़ बखरीओं को चराने जाता है तो डंडा लेके जाता है, तो भाई डंडे से भैंस को हा
0 0 मानव शरीर कि प्रकृति विद्युत रासायनिक है । कोई भी शक्ति जो मनुष्य के विद्युत रासायनिक व्यवस्था को बाधित करता है वो शरीर के शरीरक्रिया व्यवस्था को भी प्रभावित करेगा ।
सूक्ष्मतरंग चूल्हा, या माइक्रोवेव ओवन (60 to 90 GHz) एक रसोईघर उपकरण है जो कि खाना पकाने और खाने को गर्म करने के काम आता है। इस कार्य के लिये यह चूल्हा द्विविद्युतीय (dielectric) उष्मा का प्रयोग करता है। यह खाने के भीतर उपस्थित पानी और अन्य ध्रुवीय अणुओं को सूक्ष्मतरंग विकिरण का उपयोग करके गर्म करता है। मैग्नेट्रॉन इसका मुख्य अवयव
0 0 सचिन तेंदुलकर एक विज्ञापन करता है !
boost is secret of my energy
अगर सचिन तेंदुलकर की शक्ति boost है !
तो आप एक काम कीजिये ! सचिन तेंदुलकर की अम्मा को एक चिठी लिखिए !
क्या सचिन तेंदुलकर boost पीकर सचिन बना है ????!
हर साल इस देश के लोग 1500 करोड़ रूपये के विदेशी कंपनियो के health tonic खा जाते है !!
जिसमे हैल्थ के नाम पर कुछ भी नहीं है !!
_____________________________________________
health tonic !
भारत की सबसे बड़ी लैब है ! delhi all india institute मे वहाँ के head है doctor जैन !उन्होने test क
0 0 Now a days there are many advertisement which are misleading our country and some of which are like health drinks like boost, born vita  etc. by watching these kind of advertisement kids think that these product relay helpful to improve the ability but its not true
0 0 RESPECTED SIR ,
  PLEASE NOTICE ABOUT ONE SHAME ADVERTISEMENT BY SET MAX .
THISE ADD. IS WORST USE OF MEMORABLE DIOLOGE FROM CHAK DE INDIA THAT IS "YE SATTAR MINUTE " .....   SIR PLEASE STOP THIS ADV. BY SET MAX.
, BECAUSE SMAAL CHILDREN WANT TO KNOW WHAT GAME IS GOING ON AS PER ADV..  .. SHAMEFULL SIR.. PLEASE CARE ABOUT IT..
0 0 Those who will be opening bank a/c under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) and if they have girl child, then our Government should give free education to the girl till Class Ten. If our girls are educated then that will directly help us to have a stronger society with better awareness.
0 0 Government can make some new laws for testing the product properly before it is advertised to the consumers. And the whole result about the product should be mentioned at the back so that consumers can make a rational decision.
Also, we can have advertisements by government about how the product is and about it's quality.
0 0 Government has to take such type of initiative for the clean india Like mam B Chndrakal is taking.
4 0 FOR THE SAKE OF A FEW THOUSANDS OF RUPEES MANY  NEWSPAPERS, MAGAZINES, TV CHANNELS AND PRIVATE AND PUBLIC MEDIA ARE SELLING THEIR  SOULS BY GIVING COVERAGE TO MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENTS WHICH ARE NO DOUBT HOODWINKING AND CHEATING CONSUMERS ON QUALITY AND PRICE OF PRODUCTS. GOVT MUST DIRECT  PRESS COUNCIL OF INDIA AND COMPETITION COMMISSION OF INDIA TO  STEP UP VIGILANCE ON MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENTS.  CONSUMER COURTS PROCEEDINGS MUST BE GIVEN WIDE PUBLICITY IN PRINT AND ELECTRONIC MEDIA JAGOGRAHAK
0 0 Pls stop dharm parivartan by Hindu activists. Due to this  negative impression is going of Govt. amongst the peoples
1 0 All NPAs are to be probed and internal responsibility to be fixed.The charge sheeted and punished employees are not to be promoted during the pendancy of the periods of punishments.The strangle hold of the unions and assns to be  thwarted by bringing in Labour reforms for transparent conduct of Union elections and election of Employee Directors by all employees participation instead of Nominations. Uniform HR policies and Practices &Banking Tribunal may be introduced in all public sector Banks
1 0 bharat ratna par rti me mili information
0 0 Sir, All countries linked with communication. In our India specially RURAL area janatha hiked out from telecommunication. One of the telephone exchange Allanganallur, Madurai, Tamilnadu is now useless, please be advice to communicate with their area telecommunications. The General Manager BSNL of Madurai also know matter. He told that cable are damaged it will take some more time but the area had dead two years with BSNL Communication. Please take up the case your end and useful of our janata.
1 0 GYAN SANGAM-Bank Heads MEETING on 2&3January with PM.Banking Reforms:The true picture of NPAs records of the PS Banks to be submitted taken from systems by the Data centre unedited for a true and meaningful discussion and evolving suitable strategies.
The Inspection,audit control and supervision should be vested with CAG or CVC to control misrepresentation.The Labour reforms to include the E-Voting for verification election and recognition of Unions?assns office bearers and Employee Directors
1 0 Suggestions for improving efficiency of Public Sector Banks (PSBs):
A.	Reestablishment of “Banking Services Recruitment Board” for recruitment of staff in Banks to bring more transparency & authenticity.
B.	Bank Board be restructured as under:
1.	There should be separate entity for selection & nomination of persons in Board of Banks to bring out more transparency in the system.
2.	RBI should come out with “Fit & Proper Criteria” for selection of Board of Banks and all appointee to Board must hav
0 0 आदरणीय श्री नरेंद्र जी मोदी,  23/12/2014
                            प्रधानमंत्री,
                     भारत सरकार,नई दिल्ली
विषय-जैन साधू-साध्वी जी के एक्सिडेंट की सी.बी.आई.जाँच करवाने वास्ते।
       मान्यवर जी,
सविनय निवेदन है की जन जन में भगवान महावीर के सिदांतो को प्रचारित कर मानव जाति को धर्म का उपदेश देने वाले जैन समाज के साधु साध्वी जी की पिछले कई वर्षो से निरंतर सड़क दुघटना के नाम से की जा रही हत्याओ की जांच सी बी आईं से कराई जावे।तथा वयस्त मार्गो पर विहार करने वाले सभी साधु साध्वी जी को पुलिस संरक्षण में विहार कराने के आदेश दिए जावे। पिछले 2-3 महीनों में लगभग 10 साधु-साध्वी जी सड़क दुर्घटना  में देवलोक गमन हो गये हैं।अब तक कितने लोगों की इसकी सजा मिली है इसकी भी जानका
0 0 Dear sir
How a citizen will help to remove corruption or to contribute to make our country corruption free
advise us and also you are requested to reply on my sms if any complain we are sendimg you weather personal or public.
1 0 Government should open with up SINGLE WINDOW COMPLAINT registering solution through mobile apps, online portals, mobile vans as well as physical office. The main work of this department will be ROUTING COMPLAINTS TO RIGHT PLACE & REVERT TO BENEFICIARY with TICKET NO. & DEPARTMENTS (in case of more than one agencies) to be deal with later on. Citizen has to just log / submit complaint at this window. All Govt. Agencies will work & act with co-ordination on SINGLE complaint ID.
1 0 Dear sir,
Indian economy maximum depends on Agriculture sector so please consantrate on agriculture Productivity Not only productivity But also Prices of Agri Products.Try to create stability in Agri Products Prices.It helps to reduce the Packages for the Farmers.
0 0 Voluntary consumer organisations should pick and choose honest , experienced persons to obtain views of public and share among public to create awareness  . We are responsible to obtain awareness about all products genuine / fraud .Prime minister announced some names . In my view they should feel honored . God is  there to guide and advise through some  deity
Antarman  se sochna he . To praise some one is great thing . To nominate  some person is sharing  with them .Feel  the respect  and give
0 0 Legislation should be passed that if any news is posted ( indication of the source should be clearly mentioned ) It should be the endeavor not to post   non    ratified  news . Suggestions should be routed through voluntary consumer organisations .
0 0 Ask everyone to remove * from advertisement & that will be enough.
0 0 First Point: In any state police force, let there NOT be more than 30% people from state. Get remaining 70% from outside the state. This will make the police force more sympathetic to the other cultures. Also this will bring more homogeneity across the country; Second Point - Make all public service offices (RTO/Passport/Bank etc) run 24 x 7. This will help me submit an application at midnight also without wasting my limited office leaves. Also this will generate more employment.
0 0 Based on my understanding of work culture in govt. sector I have come to following conclusion: Blaming the top brass always is not the solution. The problem most of the times is also the lower non-transferable staff. They are the wheels of vehicle. If they dont move, no matter what engine you put, the car wont run. They dont work cos they dont have fear of transfers. My suggestion: From officers top above to workers down below, put every one on transfer list.
0 0 Give suggestion is very easy but v all have a unity nope the reason if v give proper info to govrmnt abt r sorrunding then improvement chance will have first v all improve r sorrunding then v want to talk about r country if any area people can come n make a society which connect to other society take help or take suggestion compare to other society then v can clean n maintain r sorrunding n give proper info what v do for what basis v do n what use r country...
2 0 Sir, Population Explosion is d major cause 4 ALL d problems. Citizens like me are self regulating d population. But, several denizens or Communities do not control population; rather they endeavor 2 increase Population of their Community. This can clearly be verified with census data based on religion. They take d umbrage of their religious script, as their religion do not permit population control. My plea→To enact immediately a STRONG ACT FOR POPULATION CONTROL irrespective of religion.
0 0 Sir, Otherwise we can focus on road safety measures to curb accidents.
0 0 Sir, Another thing can be if we can focus on Shelter for aged people.
0 0 Sir in my point of view dhanbad gives all mineral and huge amount of money for central and state government but government has no interest to do some work for dhanbad. Sir 3 basic works we all dhanbad public are very indeed of that 1 the cut off electricity is so much 2  the road & traffic jam because there is no any overbridge and the roads is always jaam from afternoon to evening.  3 the drainage is ridiculous in rainy season. 4 the law and order is must have to improve. Sir plzz do some think
0 0 Sir, If some of the problems related to orphan children and handicaps like their primary education and some basic facilities for health care can be focussed in Mann ki Baat.
0 0 Hello sir, I am from a small town dhanbad I have to say a lot of problem of my town. *From 6 months the electricity cut off is 7 to 8 hours every day. * The drainage system, roads traffic is hillarious for us. The law and order is just like a joke for public. In jharkhand dhanbad is the crowdest  city and most pollutant city because of the coal but no facilities is given to dhanbad. Sir u have visited dhanbad also for a very short time in both the election.  Sir we are waiting for some work plzz
0 0 Voluntary consumer organisations should be given some authority to protest against the misleading advertisers so that the advertisers  refrain from such advert.& pay for this. Policies should be made such that consumer courts should take max.3 months to deliver judgement otherwise people become restless & loose hope & minimum fees for hearing such as Rs.50 per hearing.
1 0 One of the worst menace of misleading advertisements are that of astrology solutions with sorcery and black magic often found regularly on leading newspapers.
1 0 Happy to celebrate good governance day on Shri Vajpayee Ji’s birthday.
Just central government working on good governece would not give better results, Central government should foresee and enforce good governence in states. Have to form the teams from India loving groups like Sangh parivar and individuals who loves the India most and send the teams to states to monitor politicians and bureaucrats. If these teams found any corrupted people punish them seriously.
1 0 Utmost concern right now is to upgrade our security system & personnel with improved technologies/arms/ammunitions so that they don't suffer when there is terrorist attacks
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , जब तक हम गाव का विकाश नही करेंगे तब तक देश की जनता का प्रभावी विकाश नही हो सकता , क्योकि हमारा देश गाव मे बसता है गाव मे पंच , सरपंच जब तक पड़े लिखे लोग नही बनेगे तब तक कुछ नही हो सकता ,इसलिए आप कानून बनाइये की शिक्षित लोग ही प्रतिनिधित्व करे ...67 वर्ष बाद भी हमारे देश के गाव मे स्कूल बाउंड्री सहित , लेट-बाथ , कुरशी टेबल के  बिना ही है बहुत दुख होता है देखकर ....क्रप्या कुछ करिए...
1 0 If people are motivated to not dirtying places
1 0 There should be one platform which share all the photo of flith , location in one site and volunteers can pick the location , site should be able to assign the location , track the progress , reward points , independent autidor to validate , point links to tax benifit , job interview credit etc
1 0 Suggestions on Swachh Bharat.
1. It should be mandatory for every apartment complex, every restaurant, hospital, marriage, community hall etc to have their own facility for disposal of bio degradable waste like food, vegetable peels etc. Depending on the size, it could be a simple compost pit , etc.  Houses with land to have own compost pits.
2. The campaigns by celebrities, to insist that disposals are into garbage bins only. People littering should be looked down by popular opinion.
2 0 In the Misleading Advertisements two words are found *conditions apply.  Each and every condition should be quoted in the Advertisement at the 'Top' of the Advertisements in the Bold letters of size not less than 14 (Times Roman only) of MS Word.
2 0 There must be a separate "advertisement section" in SENSOR BOARD for approving or rejecting advertisement before it is made available for the public. Most of the advertisements are misleading and misguiding. They mean only business! But common peoples get victimized. Sensor board offices for advertisement should be located throughout the country with experts, researchers and technicians for speedy decisions. Advertisemts to be display with "Admark ", a grade, after approval from sensor board.
0 0 Have given my visiting card to Mr. Modi twice. Once to CM Mr. Modi at an IEEE meeting.  Second to PM Mr. Modi during his meeting at Trimandir, Adalaj.
I am very interested in working with his teams working on improving education and integrity.
I have been at Trimandir for almost 3 years during which I spent as a visiting faculty at Nirma University.
I feel confident that both integrity and quality of education can be improved by implementing simple ideas .
Love to be part of appropriate team
2 0 and to check its authenticity.most often companies publish disclaimer along with the ad to avoid legal hassles.most often they appear in enlish and printed in miniature form which is difficult to read.No legal immunity should be given to such companies because the disclaimer is of no use.
0 0 Voluntary consumer organisations should publish their contact details through all media so that it is easy to access.Such org.should have access to lab facilities to check the authenticity of the products advertised in case of complaint.They should also offer legal assistance to customers who suffer from any damage in using a particular product.They should have the right to seek clarifications from the companies which back up their products through clinical study or trials CONTI
2 0 Make one online portal where consumer can write complain regarding misleading advertisements,and make one department that will take action against those companies...make awareness about this New department   to all using TV and radio etc.
0 0 Sir voluntary consumer organisations can spread awareness among customers against misleading ads. Most misleading ads make tall claims eg..certain health drinks shall make your children taller .Customers need to be cautious while purchasing such products.At the govt level companies that sends such misleading ads can be punished with fines depending on the duration the ad was broadcast in the media.The system of fine imposed on companies based on complaints exist in foreign countries.CONTi
0 0 Department should be made to tackle the misleading advertisement and to punish the concerned heavily,a toll free no. Should be showed on T.V.
0 0 Creativity movment Well done the recent govt.carefully handling the work of peace of country with out of boundary govt,our most people is living below poverty line so we worked their considered, made in India's not only work for reach man,its culture motivation of all people participate to country development then we proved good governance administered hence the govt.better all govt.we also try more good governance administered for all.
0 0 Misleading advertiaements shoulf be rathere converted into useful tasks instead of stopping them....eg-initiate youth towards national interest woeks, etc
2 0 dear sir,
my village name: khambhali (gujarat)
plz help of my village school building devlopment
0 0 The Government lacking the machinery to enforce should partner with voluntary organisations to suo motu investigate the advertisements and proactively act against the misleading advertisers decisively and quickly to ensure protection. Only acting on complaints through tortuous judicial process is not only counterproductive but also frustrates most.
The voluntary organisations should be empanelled honestly paid properly for meaningful progress.
0 0 It is mostly the people in the rural and town areas who are misled by false claims in the advertisement mainly because of lack of awareness. Here is what VCOs can do to curb this menace:
1. Generate awareness through "nukkad natak".
2. Request local administration to put pressure on state governments which, in turn, should place request before the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, to broadcast weekly shows with the theme of consumer awareness on the lines of Jago Grahak Jago on DD/AIR.
1 0 1. they must be empowered to identify the misleading advts and issue notices to them 2. They may be funded for creating awareness among public about consumer rights. 3. These organisations may be given more exposure (inter-state/international), depending upon their function. 4. Above all, these orgnaisations, may be regulated by appropriate Govt. Authority so that they do not cross the lashman rekha.
1 0 consumer organizations should monitor closely the mislead advertisements and create awareness among consumer through publications,advertisements,announcements,etc to beware of advertisers,advertising the products
0 0 Let us have a web portal on which anyone can post their comments about an item not being found upto the mark. To check the price rise, we need a consumer movement. If we stop using an item, which is artificially high priced, the prices will come down in no time. This is more so in case of perishable commodities. Unfortunately there is no concerted effort on part of the consumer and we just blame the government for not doing enough.
0 0 when education is there for sale , what else you can talk off. at least in education if merit is not considered / prevail its logically difficult to think of self dicipline/ethic setc.
0 0 media at different level and different form is the biggest day robber . its a business. any thing sellable they are ready to sell.advertising firm / media can be held responsible.
0 0 ther eshould be some accountability . controling body not feasible. should be able to penalise in consumer forum easily. can be abused.
0 0 There was time when some in comes in print/ news paper it was some kind truth/genuine. but today in the name of free speech/ media any body can write any thing as news/ article/ advertisement simply there is no boundary.if questioned  if want dont read !?. so whome to complain.
0 0 Considering the crime against women in the country, Govt should form the research committee including Psychiatrist, Psychologists, Gender inequality expert and other social scientist to carry out scientific and systematic research which can guide us to frame the policies against this menace. Before gender biases are developed among young growing girls and this menace go beyond control like terrorism. No normal human being can hurt other human being the way it is being done these days.
1 0 प्रथम‌ सुशासन‌ दिवस‌ की हार्दिक‌ शुभकामनाएं
1 0 Consumer Organisations should launch awareness campaigns for the public against misleading advertisements. Some sample misleading advertisement should be analysed in detail for public education. Public should be made aware of the forums and details of portals, telephones and addresses of authorities where they can address their grievances. They should also help the public in ensuring timely redress of their grievances.
1 0 Address and contact nos. should be verified before publishing of such fake ads in print and electronic media.Also details of the persons providing payment for these should be kept safe to identify these frauds.Verifications should be quick . Responsibility of media should be fixed so that they will insist on ID proof of concerned before publishing such ads. Strict laws needed.
0 0 Voluntary orgnisations should publish or publically or through advetrtisements should aware consumers of thier rights ,where to complaint if they get frauded by a seller, what things you should keep in mind before buying a thing.open a site or portal where customers can consult the consumer orgnisation before buying a costly product whether it is good or not. consumers should be made aware about small things like warranty of product ,asking reciept of purchase,awaring to read reviews online .
0 0 voluntary consumer organisations can play great role as they can be or in direct touch with real consumers in real environment. So they can report the false claims more effectively than lab tests in controlled environment. not only for misleading advertisement, but for adulterated food too they can be great reporter. but the need is for fast, online reporting. the volunteer should have unique login identity.
0 0 Also if possible provide ways for publisher to verify the adv before publishing - taking consent from authority before publishing. This all should be online to reduce corruption.
1 0 create simple online website for tracking such complaints. Anyone can raise incidents with details like product, adv location etc.
Each adv can be tracked by physically visiting place or viewing it on internet / tv.
If any issue then send to upper level for verification
Then necessary action can be taken
0 0 UIDAI- AADHAAR - I submit that banks should be made the nodal point for new Adhaar creation. Additionally, for every new Jan Dhan Account - if the holder does not have aadhaar - banks should create the Aadhaar + the Jan Dhan Acccount.
1 0 Recently I complained against the advt of Lava mobile.When a boy is laying above  a girl, the father of the girl, suddenly enters the room and boy goes behind the doors. He is with his shoes in his hand. His mobiles rings. Without understanding the grave situation, the girl's father asks the girl, what is the price of the mobile and get surprised with that. It is a shame on our part encourage such advt. I complained to the advt. fourm. They simply rejected my complaint. The advt. still goes on.
0 0 Hi sir talking about misleading advertising. Lets start with ur own website..Have seen the resukt of Christmas has declared.Not even singke entry is genuine all are copied.and I am nt talking rubbish.i have proof..Sent mail of all original to moderator and site admin.I think Stop fooling and remove the LINES THAT ALL ENTRIES SHOULD BE GENUINE
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
Here are some possible actions -
1. Promotion of techical project competition.
2. Encourage new instruments, applications, machines and chemicals which prove statistical benifits.
3. Benifits for technical involement to help government. At least certificates to boost the moral.
4. After hour E-Classes for common people to learn and adopt technology.
5. Government funcded library and Labs to learn and practice advance technologies. This should be availabe for common people.
0 0 Sir
Transparency should be visible in all facets of governance, especially, in autonomous bodies carrying out research, where a director has no checks and balances. I feel, especially, rule book should be followed strictly in the areas of civil engineering, accounts and purchase. Vigilance should be preventive. As mentioned by you, e-governance will be a good tool, in curbing corruption, if implemented in true-spirit.
1 0 Each state in India should have its own "Economic Development Think Tank". This may have administrative office at a university, IIM  or IIT. Each state in India is bigger than some countries. We need local economic development initiatives and protection for local new developing infant industries. Local handicrafts and local tourism initiatives. Each state develop its own socio-economic rural-urban development agenda. Economic Development Think tank discussions should be public and regular.
1 0 रिजरवेशन हटाकर सबको समान नागरिक का अधिकार दीजिए
0 0 गुजरात मे नौकरी की उम् बढाइए
0 0 Please modiji create job I have PhD digree general candidate but no job
0 0 voluntary consumer organisations tackling menace of misleading advertisements is a welcome move but needs to be regulated because of societies bitter experience with extremist womens right group who malign and distroy men who are caught in false cases such wrong cases such things decreases sensitivity of society and when there is real victim who needs justice that victim might not get it, so a cautious but judicious approach is necessary as laws are often used to settle scores.
0 0 I think whatever i shared on mygov platform there is nothing to get back as outcome. So, now i decided that after this post i will not send any suggestion. Because sofar i did not get any reply.
0 0 An advertisement is not misleading...the product or service deliverd is short of what is promised in the advertisement....so it is a case of cheating. Since it affects a large number of consumers, it should be resolved under class action not undere individual consumer complaints....voluntary consumer organizations should facilitate these class action cases in relevant courts....
1 0 PLEASE STOP ALL THE SO CALLED YOGIS,SADHUS,SANTS ( SAINTS),SADHVIS,BABAS,BAPUS FROM spoiling the current atmosphere.Concentrate on good governance & service to the needy.
HINDUISM IN reality is not so cheap as made by these so called people.To follow hindu culture one need not change his faith or even one changes his/her faith hinduism does not perish.It is actually a thoughtprocess or philosophy or way of life and accepts one and all.Real hinduism should be explained to the world.
1 0 Sir i have purchased sony mobile cost 12,000rs from Sangeetha mobile store AP,HYD. They provided a insurance where i can claim within 1 year for theft,marine and damage. Within 4months i mobile was damaged and insurance took my mobile and took 6months to repair it. Sir no action were taken by police, Consumer forum. Please take necessary steps to stop such frauds.
1 0 Sir this is home based job website. Which assured its a free membership and told to enter payments mode details like card no, Exp date and cvv no and when i have entered i have lost INR 10,756 rs, Please take measure to stop online frauds in india.
0 0 for village development according to my view,G.P. should be one window office,in village,police support to gramsabha,secretery be graduate and selection from state gov.service and not be part of Z P /local gov. then only posibility of good governancr in villages,it is my personel suggesion.
0 0 Set up office where consumer will let the dept know which company advt has impress or guaranteed consumer of it's benefits.Send undercover officer with consumer to know whether consumer doesn't get benefit or not
1 0 Pick-up any news-paper or, magazine; or, look at a few Sponsored TV Programs. We don't need voluntary consumer orgns. Govt. authorities can very well take action. Liquor Cos. advertise as mineral water or, based on any subject remotely connected to hard liquors. Can't Govt. put full-stop? Why not strictly enforce rule-of-law on dupers in garb of med.practitioners? Many Advts. dupe on:- medicines, beauty-enhancing creams etc& hair growth, education& jobs in foreign lands, astrology, Real estates.
0 0 Hindi language needs to be made mandatory for all the state schools as second language since it's is national language.
0 0 All Telecommunications companies to agree no roaming charges facility this will avoid no.of SIM cards purchasing and no need to change the mobile number as well. Govt. has to take action. India should be flexibility in all aspects.
0 0 People from different states are facing the issue when they transfer their vehicles to other states, due to Road tax burden, make it uniform road tax across country, we are not from other country isn't it ?
0 0 A huge number of Objectionable advertisements misleading the innocent people Due to unawareness, they get into the trap of false belief and not only end up losing large sum of money but also suffer from immense harm and bodily injury.so stop making fool to people.
0 0 Give the price of Rs 51,000/- (which is to be recovered from the fraud company) to people who gives leads, as per the following policy. 1) Any person give the info of misleading advertisement with scientific proof backing or 2) If person gives only info on misleading advertisement, then only rs 17,000 per lead
0 0 REVIVAL of PSU.Govt should appoint governor from department  who should  be held responsible for  revival. It should be practical and cost effective .All outstanding dues should be cleared ,working capital provided and salary support for a fixed time ie 1-2 years be  provided so that rotation of fund could be  utilised for future running and  self Reliance of the company .
0 0 Govt PSU are generally in red.Reason  they do'nt try to be competitive.The Management is not free to take decision. For every thing they  look at their respective ministry and department.Had they been trained to take independent decision, carry out changes with time they can always compete in the market.Govt PSU is just like Pet which looks  very beautiful inside house but they can not face any External danger .Spoon feeding  is dangerous and the same is applicable to PSU. Now it is too late
0 0 If you're in dispute with a company, or have a serious complaint about a company, the small claims court could help you get your money back.
Although the small claims court is a simple way to settle a dispute, it should only be used as a last resort.
You must try to resolve the problem before it goes to court.
1 0 We have reduced the Petrol/Diesel prices several times. Now we should not reduce the rates but SAVE THE REDUCED PRICES, MAKE SAVINGS FOR NATIONAL WELFARE,CALAMITY,HELP TO THE NEEDY, because reduced prices will increase more spending and wastage. By saving we will help building a STRONG & ABLE INDIA.
0 0 Sir, these days traffic violations are increasing day by day, is it possible to start a website where any person with a smart phone can capture a photograph and send the snap. After verifying the snap the traffic violator can be penalized.  This create a sense of fear and people will be forced to follow the traffic rules.
1 0 misleading advertisements are violation of consumer law, penal law and other laws. but in our country, you have to undergo the time taking and costly litigation to teach a lession to misleading advertiser. therefore, to save consumers from becoming a prey to such advertisements, government should formulate and enforce guidelines or code of conduct for all advertisers/sellers of goods and services. In this regard BIS can also contibute by checking whether  advertisements  are true or not
0 0 Most of the advertisements come with the rider 'conditions apply' in very small font size, indicated by  '*' inconspicuously in the Advt. It should be made compulsory that the font size of tne rider should not be less than the font used for advertising the product. It should also be mandated that the advt.should  contain  conspicuously, a waning  "The consumer should satisfy himself about the truth of what  is stated in Advt.,  before making  purchase decision'
0 0 Sar bharat krishi pradhan desh he or jab tak krishi me sudhar or kisaan majboot nhi hoga tab tak vikaas adhura he..Meri aap se request he aap kisaan Ko aardhik esthti se saksham banaye..kheti Ko business or  farmar Ko vvyapari ki tarah sabhi baat speciali financial majboot kre.. Mere gaav me aaj bhi congress Ko pasand krte h koyoki vo sabake light bill 50 % maaf kar deti thi Jo galat he lekin vo bhi kya kre unka kuch to karje ka pesa kam hota.. Aap krishi ke tariko ko badlne par jor de....thanks
0 0 Clean India From Injustice.......Click it!!!!!!!!!
0 0 UIDAI: Website is very slow for AAdhar seeding for LPG. Request the Government to quickly ramp up the speed so that all India seeding/CTC happens at required speed to enable all LPG customers to benefit. Currently UIDAI website is slow during day + night time. Other than speed the UIDAI website experience is good. Thanks
0 0 1. Scrutinizing if the claims in the advertisement holds true. and if not then those advertisments shall not only be banned but also penalized. E.g there is lot of fairness Ads.  2. Several of the advertisement are driving people towards religious superficiality, actually they effect the mind of the people. 3. cyber advertisement shall be scrutinized separately and shall be brought under cyber laws. 4. The vulgarity in the Ads shall be curbed specially those of De Odorants and of Family planning
0 0 Simplification, Simplistic is how I see PM Modi. The below mentioned is a joke circulating in Social Media but there is Truth and pain of the Citizen/ Senior Citizen in this. I hope the Group and the BJP's relevant Ministers take due note and do the Right thing about it.
TAX STRUCTURE IN INDIA
TAX STRUCTURE IN INDIA
☑ 1) What r u doing?
Ans. : Business
Tax : PAY: PROFESSIONAL TAX!
☑ 2) What r u doing in Business?
Ans. : Selling the Goods.
Tax : PAY SALES TAX!!
☑3) From where r u getting G
0 0 if possible give the resposnsibility to any govt office to approved advertisements of any type. it is also bind all printing and digital media to publish or print approved advertisement. for stop corruption, on line approval process is compulsory for approval advertisement. publish the rules and regulation for format for advertisement
0 0 Any advertisement should pass through a censored certificate.
0 0 We know about 3-level Consumer protection  courts. We also know about consumer forums. We know how distt. Collectors/ police etc are authorised. But, with all these the PRESENT QUERY TOO presents unsurmountable dilemma facing us! If a FAIR-AND LOVELY  can exist fooling whole 125 crore-population, rest products too can go on fooling us with unholy  misleading advts. With Watchdogs, Distt. collectors can be empowered to slap hefty fines on dupers and/or stiff prison-terms. STRONG WILL SHOWS WAY!
1 0 AAA (Advertisement Approval Agency) should be set up by governement which will certify the advertisements . In this way people can know the genuinity of the product by seeing AAA seal.
2 0 Business organisations are legal institutions and do business according to "their interpretation" of laws. We need very clearly defined laws. Ambiguities need to be eliminated. Surrogate - misleading advertising should be made illegal. ALL advertising should be subject to service change. Royalties on "brand name use" should be taxed. Patent rules need to be made more realistic and consumer friendly. Competition laws need to be clearly defined - made fair for all players, big and small.
0 0 जान मानस में उपभोक्ता अधिकारों के प्रति जानकारी और जागरूकता हेतु हर सम्भव सफल प्रयास जमीनी स्तर पर किए जाँय।
0 0 विज्ञापन एजेंसियों के लिए आवश्यकतानुरूप मानक सुनिश्चित किए जाएँ जवाबदेही के साथ।
0 0 नशा उन्मूलनार्थ प्रसिद्ध प्राप्त आदर्श व्यक्तित्व मसलन खिलाड़ी और अभिनेता किसी भी प्रकार के नशीले पदार्थों के प्रचार हेतु प्रतिबन्धित किया जाय।
0 0 Watch "Rajiv dixit dawa aur doctor ke bina swastha kaise…" on YouTube
Rajiv dixit dawa aur doctor ke bina swastha kaise…: http://youtu.be/zMQ23WsIfvI
0 0 Watch "Rajiv Dixit - Stay Happy Without Medicine - Part …" on YouTube
Rajiv Dixit - Stay Happy Without Medicine - Part …: http://youtu.be/uTcCbm9GEl0
0 0 Watch "Rajiv Dixit - Stay Happy Without Medicine - Part …" on YouTube
Rajiv Dixit - Stay Happy Without Medicine - Part …: http://youtu.be/uTcCbm9GEl0
0 0 Watch "Legend of Mother Cow गोमाता की कथा - Sri Rajiv Di…" on YouTube
Legend of Mother Cow गोमाता की कथा - Sri Rajiv Di…: http://youtu.be/HtE5CET2ms0
0 0 Dilip Gokhale Pune: Let us congratulate the victory of BJP at Jharkhand and J&k   soul searching eercise is necessary by taking in to account following facts. our is mejority of youth country in the age group of 25/35 .The convertion issue should be put to rest and concentrate on performance. People are fade up with congress mukta bharat slogan let us concentrate on governance. otherwise the fruits of mejority will be evaporated in coming state election. As P.M. they are RSS VHP had rightly said BJP govt. is alwys on higher scrutiny. It is better to concentrate on passing of economic bills otherwise the issue of growth employment etc. will be lost site off. It is not the time to deliberate on religious convertions because in Bihar BJP is facing united caste based opposition and results of latest byelections were not satisfactory. When P.M. is bowing before parliament and sloganing sabka sath sabka vikas is it not necessary to appear in Rajyasabha and give crystal stand on convertiion where party is not involved and parivar institutions are not the subject matter of control of BJP. Instead of Minister is saying on the flloor of the house that  they are RSS swanyansevak. People are knowing How P.M. Is core Hin du having hindu values embedded in him and therefore  respected by all. therefore fringe elements actions should be controlled by parivar authorities or disowned by the BJP. otherwise all fruits of verdicts will be descended. and people will start disbelieving the BJP
which is harmful urgent steps are needed at higher level to talk with RSS and the organisations  and strategise the steps to be taken.
0 0 Watch "Baba Ramdev Exposed by Rajiv Dixit" on YouTube
Baba Ramdev Exposed by Rajiv Dixit: http://youtu.be/_a8zRNKRfAE
0 0 if aadhar card is not mandatory for DBTL then why would the option in T&C " I WILL LINK TO THE AADHAR WITH MY BANK AND LPG ACCOUNT" be given. if someone don'n want to have his aadhar then isn't it an indirect way to catch all through this medium........ very much harassed
1 0 Government should run a regular program conveying consumers that whatever advertisements have been shown during the week are giving you such and such wrong information. Also at least 25% space must b allocated for truth about an advertisement published in print media. Moreover false advertisements should b heavily fined. At last if government keep public interest foremost we can choose best out of better otherwise smart n clever people will always make us fool n will loot all.
1 0 पूरे भारत मेंयह नियम लागूकिया जाना चाहिएकिजो भी व्यक्तिसरकारी नौकरी में है।चाहेवो कलेक्टर होया SPया कोई अन्य कर्मचारी।सभी के बच्चेसरकारी स्कूल में ही पढेंगेऔर जिनके बच्चेसरकारी स्कूल मेंन पढते होउन्हें सरकारी नौकरियों सेनिकाल दिया जाए।सभी लोगसमझ सकते है किजब जिले केकलेक्टर और SPतथाअन्य अधिकारीयों के बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल मेंपढ़ना आरम्भ कर देंगे,तो उन स्कूल मेंशिक्षा का स्तरक्या होगाऔरशिक्षक किस तरह कीपढाई वहाँ करवाएँगे।सभी शिक्षक स्कूलसमय पर आएँगेऔरअपना कार्यपूरी ईमानदारी से करेंगे।
1 0 पूरे भारत मेंयह नियम लागूकिया जाना चाहिएकिजो भी व्यक्तिसरकारी नौकरी में है।चाहेवो कलेक्टर होया SPया कोई अन्य कर्मचारी।सभी के बच्चेसरकारी स्कूल में ही पढेंगेऔर जिनके बच्चेसरकारी स्कूल मेंन पढते होउन्हें सरकारी नौकरियों सेनिकाल दिया जाए।सभी लोगसमझ सकते है किजब जिले केकलेक्टर और SPतथाअन्य अधिकारीयों के बच्चे सरकारी स्कूल मेंपढ़ना आरम्भ कर देंगे,तो उन स्कूल मेंशिक्षा का स्तरक्या होगाऔरशिक्षक किस तरह कीपढाई वहाँ करवाएँगे।सभी शिक्षक स्कूलसमय पर आएँगेऔरअपना कार्यपूरी ईमानदारी से करेंगे।
0 0 Social Media forums can be formed by these voluntary organisations to discuss and solve the menance of misleading ads.
0 0 Voluntary comsumer organisations can create awarness on people about the consequences of misleading advertisements.
1 0 Namaste pm mubarak ho apko
0 0 The major contribution to nurture this menace is from our MEDIA. They advertise anything nonsense in the the name of raising funds.Time has come to question the media. Their job is not just fault finding in every matter .They should scrutinise anything before slapping it on the viewers/reader.
0 0 the slogan of such kind of advertisement should created by the government on the basis of fact. And if any company found failure in result according to their slogan of adds then this should be charged section 420 against them.
0 0 make an e-register with conman platform that will show complainant ,rating and things related to quality
0 0 There should be a single uniform platform (online as well as direct complaint registry through bank accounts) available for all consumers to post their complaint so that legal actions against the advertising body could be made feasible. No third party should be entertained, not even voluntary organizations however, VCO can help transfer complaints to the single online/offline government database. People should have clarity as to where they can register their complaints.
1 0 VOLUNTARY CONSUMER ORGANISATIONS IN TACKLING HE MENANCE OF MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENT SHOULD PERFORM THE ROLE KEEPING THE WALFARE OF SOCIETY.
