0 0 1st and foremost step to be taken.To teach police of india from ABCD. what they take oath while joining should to told every when join duty everyday. corrupted Police should be terminated. Now a police have become authorised gunda. lot of example can be shown in every city. Thats why nobody help when somebody met with any accident. awards should be given loyality.this type of awards hardly can be seen. only filmfare awards are shown on tv. CHANGE THE MIND SET OF POLICE.THEY SHOULD HAVE FEAR OF LAW.THIS WILL SOLVE LOT OF PROBLEMS OF PEOPLE AND INDIA. corruption is biggest hurdle for growth and development. 
6 0 I am unable to understand the system of government.If I became the prime minister my first decision will to stop all alcohol,pan masala,gutkha, etc. I know this task is difficult but not impossible.Having all India police,military, crpf etc.if prime minister is unable to take action on this issue then our government is totally help less. 
0 0 we will take volunteers help. I will do as a volunteer. may i can help you.8106586536, (8:00 to 9:00 p.m) 
6 0 Alcohols free India: 	Alcohol should be abolished in India 	There should not be any wineshop,tasmac,or bar in the country 	We can sell the stock liquors to foreign countries and invest the money in other field 	The government should intimately seek jobs for the tasmac labor in other fields 
5 0 my simple question is that when we have so much of strong army, BSF guarding our boarders how it  is possible that drugs/arms/terrorists are coming across? Please ponder. 
2 0 Dear Sir, How you going to stop harassment of faculty in various private engineering colleges where proper salaries are not given, faculties certificates are illegally held and  inhuman scenes are created violating right royally human right acts but poor faculties are not able to react due threat of being harnessed, their certificates not returned, and comply to goondaism prevailing in the campus. Most of the institutions are run by non professional families showing their money power. 
0 0 Dear sir, high regards, If we want to do some thing for our citizen please issue health safty for every citizen in place of food bill.what i understand till now ,even a begger can get food on hunger ,but from lower class to middle class family can not afford medical expencess if they have critical deasese. so sir ,if possible provide cashless facility for creatical ilness with free medicine. As per my perseption 100% people will  welcome this. Even you close all subsidy . Regards Akhil 
3 0 Mr. Prime Minister, Regarding tobacco menace, youngster are getting more and more inclined towards them as they are easily available. Instead of increasing the age limit to 25 years, why government is not putting a ban on production of ciggrate and tobacco products. I understand there will be loss of revenue to state, but this ban on production law will create new generation which is free from this menace and ROI will be more then getting the revenue from these products. 
1 0 drug menace is an issue which should be handled at the highest level. nothing can ever be accomplished at lower levels becoz big and powerful people, even international syndicates, are involved. the attraction of course is the unimaginable profit margin. controlled sale and distribution  of low end products like ganja or opium  by the govt agencies may help. like liquor. like in many u s states. social boycot of drug peddlers, from the carrier to kingpin, is another step worth trying. 
2 0 Eradication of Drug Abuse is necessary requirement for the smoothly growth of a growing country like India. India Government and State Governments should impose strict Policy for removal of the same. 
0 0 Law should be stringent with unabilabe case and hard labor for min 12 months and monetary fine.  sure drug menace will stop when monitory loss is involved. amount should be min 10000. 
0 0 In order to ban intoxicating drugs we need to stop the import and smuggling of drugs into the country. Many drugs are cheaply available at places only drug addicts can tell. Sting operations should be regularly conducted in order to find such drug mafias and arrest them. Mostly the police is aware of such drug dealers, but due to corruption, they are not behind the bars. Govt should hire private detectives to reach to the source of drug dealership by conducting sting operations. 
2 0 Mostly the young boys of lower and middle class are drug addict, whoose family  income is not more than 10000/-. And most of the drug rehabilitate centers demands more than 8000/- per month for treatment. The govt hospitals don't have the good arrangement to treat the drug addict persons. they admit the persons in open ward, from there the drug addict person come out and take the drugs from the outside. Result the treatment failed. Due to this policy the drug addict persons are increasing. 
0 0 i feel every prescription should be scanned to a main server in india... under each pharmacy a folder. drugs inflow and outflow can be monitored,doctors prescribing s can be monitored by a beuro.. and every doctor signature can be verified for the authenticity of the prescription. and surveys can be made for price control. 
0 0 DEAR SIR, I WANT TO SAY  THINGS, NOW THE TIME COMES TO THINK ONLY FOR patriotism. ELECTION COMMISSION TODAY DO VERY GOOD THINGS. IF THEY HAD ADD ONE MORE THINGS. IT SHOULD BE BEST FROM MY POINT OF VIEW. :::: ADD INDIAN FLAG ABOVE EACH CONTENDER PARTY SIGN:: AND MAKE ONE LAW FOR ALL. 
0 0 compulsory all of them should have medical prescription to buy medicine. because  people go directly to pharmacy and asking antibiotics for them in over the counter. it should be avoided because all over the work the superbugs are spreading with Pan Drug Resistance so we have to be careful. UK and USA are getting ready for this issue it is very dangerous than AIDS. by Indian Initiative for Management of Antibiotic resistance.-IIMAR 
0 0 Mr PM sir you are trying to Gatecrash Lad aquisition Bill Do you knowwewereonly 34 Crores in 47 Nowweare 127 crores in 100 yearswe may reach 300 crores Mr Sharad Pawar agri Minister told Lok sabha in 2008 that therehasbeen decrease of 2.8 Million hectares Agriculture Farms (Khet) due to Urbanization SEZ Industrialisation and Housing Land isnot only a Question of Kisaan it is thequestion of India our children Grand Children Great grand children Where will we grow out Food ?if we go on giving 
2 0 ગુજરાત મા થતા ગેરકાયદે દારુ ના વેચાણ ને જડમુડ મા થી બન્ધ થવુ જોઇએ.. 
0 0 NASHILY PRADATO PER PRATIBAND LAGANA CHAIYA NA KOI BACHY NA KOI KHAREDA 
2 0 We have to create a system where: 1. Every Person makes materialistic growth 2. Every Person makes spiritual growth 3. Society system (Samajvyavastha) is excellent It is the responsibility of every citizen to fulfill above three criterias to transform  Society/Nation/World into peaceful and prosperous world. This will sort out everything including drug menace. 
0 0 Dear PM, Our country needs huge investment on infrastructure, education and health to improve the living standard of the poor. consistent Current Account Deficit(CAD) is one of the reason of not having enough money for Govt. investment as the deficit is generally funded through borrowing, hence  increased interest burden. We spend thousands of million to purchase Operating Systems(OS) from Micro Soft etc. The same can easily be made in India and reduce CAD. 
1 0 सबसे पहले शिक्षा के माध्यम से नोजवानों को नशीले पद्धार्थो के दुष्प्रभवों के बारे में समझाना जरुरी है ।    स्कूलों में इस विषय पर शिक्षा जरुरी है । दूसरा नशीली दवाओं और पद्धार्थो का काला धंधा करने वालों को सख्त से सख्त सजा होनी चाहिए ।  इन की खबर देने वालों को जयदा से जयदा इनाम मिलना  चाहिए । 
0 0 india should install automated xray checking system to its international chelk point and automated computer should moniter,verify and preserved all record.in the case of drug recovery all information should preserved digitally that can't be changed.last but not in the list, india should increase human intel for durg producing plants,chemecals. 
0 0 सभी प्रकार के मादक पदार्थों जैसे— शराब, गुटखा, सिगरेट आदी के प्रचार—प्रसार पर पूर्ण रूप से प्रतिबंध लगा दिया जाना चाहिए। उत्पाद के कवर पर भी सिर्फ नाम, कंपनी का विवरण, संरचना व उत्पाद का विवरण लिखा होना चाहिए, न की कोई भ्रामक शब्द या वाक्य। बैनर छापकर भी दुकानों के आगे लगाकर प्रचार प्रतिबंधित होना चाहिए। गुटखा आदी के प्रचार—प्रसार के लिए दुकान के सामने लटकाना भी प्रतिबंधित किया जाना चाहिए। ग्राहक के मांगने पर दुकानदार द्वारा अंदर से निकाल कर दिया जाये, न की सामने दिखता रहे। न दिखेगा न बिकेगा 
1 0 किसान एसा नर्माता है जो अपनी चीज की किमत खुद तय नही करता जबकी बाकि नर्माता लागत+लाभ के आधार पर खुद किमत तय करते हे । अगर अभी का समय देखा जाए तो कुदरत भी लागत नही निकलने देती । ओर उपर से कँपनिया फसय का बीमा नहीँ देती ॥ 
0 0 For Swachh Barath say no for Drugs 
0 0 Consumption of Drugs is injurious to Helth 
0 0 Heathy Life - Happy Life 
0 0 They should be able to earn enough money by farming, so they can be satisfied with the profession they have, so they do not think about selling their lands, how can we save the farming land, what can we do to motivate the farmers, so we can grow our own food & we do not have to depend on other country in the world, it also should be Make In India project. 
0 0 In India the value of land has increased such a high level that farmers have started selling their farm land to builders & businessmen .They earn more money by selling their valuable lands than by farming & growing foods for the second largest population in the world, by selling their lands, very few farmers grow up & diversify in the business or better life , but majority of them & their future generation end up using all the money, which is not the solution, farmer of India should be proud. 
0 0 लोग ड्रग्स या अन्य मादक पद्धार्थों का सेवन करते हैं स्वयं को भूलने के लिए.बेहोशी में सुख़ की अनुभीति होती है.पर यह सुख क्षणिक होता है. ध्यान अपने मूल रूप में व्यक्ति को होश में लाने का माध्यम है.जागृत या होशपूर्ण व्यक्ति को बुरी आदतें छोड़नी नहीं पड़ती,वरन वे स्वतः गिर जाती है. दूसरा, ध्यान जितना प्रघाड़ होता जाता है व्यक्ति उतने ही गहरे आनंद में प्रवेश करता है.यह आनंद क्षणिक न होकर स्थायी होता है. युवाओं को ध्यान की तरफ मोड़ना होगा. 
0 0 DEAR SIR, HUMARA AAP SE EK NIVEDN HAI KI HUM KISAANO KE LIYE KUCH KAREIN JAIA KI IS TIME ME KISAN KA HALAT BAHUT KHARAB HAI AALOO KI FASAL KA KOI RATE NI MIL RAHA HAI JISME USKI BAHUT MOTI LAGAT LAGI HAI UR GEHUN KI FASAL BHI BARBASD HO GAI HAI AB BATAYE KI HUM KYA KAREIN AAP KE BAJAT ME NHI HUM KISAANO KO NIRASHA HI HAATH LAGI HAI HUM SABNE APNE VISWAS SE APKO PM BANAYA HAI AUR HUME AAP PAR PURA BHAROSA HAI KI AAP HUM SABHI KA DHYAN RAKHENGE. 
0 0 no interest in education loan it will relief to middle class parents . 
0 0 Income certificate is one of the reference proof to show our individual income. But recently i came to know by regional Shri. Mamlatdar that the income certificate provided by Gujarat Govtt. shows Total family members income not individual income. Organization(Institute for Plasma Research) demands individual income certificate of my father to include my parents under CHSS. They are dependent on me. What is the way to produce his income certificate? Kindly explore the way. Jay Hind. 
0 0 the main problem age group is the youth, from 14 years onwards. This is an age group attending educational institutions and work places, the compulsion of every institute having a counsellor(psychiatrist/psychologist) and monthly screening by them of all attendees can help reduce depression and peer pressure related drug abuse. Kindly try making such an intervention as it will fill in the loopholes that the law enforcement can't fill in. 
0 0 PRIYA MANINYA PRDHAN MANTRI NARENDRA MODI JI...MHODYA M UTTAR PARDESH KA NIWASI HU...M NSILE PDHARTO SE SMAJ KO MUKT KRNA CHAHTA HU...DIST GHAZIABAD ME NSILE PDRATHO KA KHULA ROAD PAR WYAPAR CHAL RHA H..POLICE PKTI H BUT FIR BAIL HO JATI H...PLZ KUCH AISA KRE KI GHZIABAD JILA BHI ASIA KA NYA SWARG BNE..M APSE JUDNA CHAHTA HU..KUCH KRNA CHHATA HU DESH KE LIYE..M CHAH KR BHI KUCH NI KR PA RHA HU..PLZ SUPPORT ME...JAI HIND 
0 0 all intelligence department should be accountable to a single Ministry and department. and when officers will be from born cadre of intelligence services then only can serve in a dedicate manner to intelligence departments related to nation security. 
0 0 these officers serves here for five years and back to their department with knowledge acquired here in NCB. one can understand maintaining a source base is a lengthy process and very valuable for all angles pertaining to nation security and intelligence. the government should create dedicated Ministry for Intelligence services, a dedicated cadre for only Intelligence services. these cadre officers will allow only serve among intelligence based departments like DRI, IB, RAW,CEIB,NIA,FIU,ED etc. 
0 0 they come in NCB basically for take care of their family (applicable to Paramilitary forces). and other come for their own reasons. SAJI MOHAN was in NCB for his own reason no one can understand. basically its a intelligence department but no one is understanding the importance of this agency people from non intelligence departments are being taken on deputation. 
0 0 there is a department called Narcotics Control Bureau in india. it comes under Ministry of home Affairs and claims Nodal Agency of India in drug related affairs. But this department does not have any permanent cadre at Administrative Lavel. No direct recruit entry at Group A level. officers from various cadres like IPS and IRS and Paramilitary officers are coming at Administrative Level and serving here as a deputationist for five years. 
0 0 Here the exam process must change. First the concerned organisations like UPSC and other best recruitment agencies could be sent the result sheet by observing the behaviour and activities of the drug addicts and then the activity log could be reported to the concerned premier organisations so that they could publish their results through psycho test. The written mode could be for instance either website or through their daily writing. 
0 0 We need to discover those cases who are going to be victim of the drugs or those who are going to fall into their privacy and in order to break into their privacy we need to follow them continuously to find out about their problems and report their cases to the concerned organisations and ask the government to recruit them to the best position so that they should not be spoilt by the drug. we need to report their cases before it is too late for the improvement. 
1 0 For the drug addicts, there has to be assurance that they will do good in future and the society is ready to accept them. Here, we need to cure their mental illness and then employ them through a psycho test process so that they could feel part of the society rather than outsiders. This assurance can come only through consistent efforts of the central bureau of investigation and intelligence wings working in the university who have to do a through research on the personalities to report them. 
1 0 The drug is a menace for two reasons. First it is weakening the mind of the people and secondly it is carrying the weakness forward through conception in our genes. In order to prevent the mind from weakening, we need to sensitise people through educational programmes like Man ki Baat and we need to assure people about their career options. Our understanding of the drug addiction come from the civil society whose main function is to improve the addicted by resettling and employing them. 
1 0 This menace is developing more among collegiate students which can be brought under control by encouraging the frequent meeting of college teachers and parents which is now totally neglected as the parents think the child is now adult need not required to watch and teachers feels involving in such matter is not  my job and if involve then students would attack in arbitrary manner & no body to come forward to support. 
1 0 Be strict on police because they entertain so many sellers they just take money and leave them in mumbai and other cities as well.. i myself was addicted and i can give u few examples in mumbai andheri station (dongri) near patelwadi bandra station ,mumbai central near station drug addicts near regal curchgate and elphistone college.Mira road in western suburb of mumbai.Even so many places in GoA near anjuna beach,in surat city ,Hyderabad ,Banglore,Chandigarh for heroine,Tosh & Manali 
0 0 this can only be done through the ,health and fitness education should be imparted  necessarily  in all the basic to the higher degree courses ,it can be at zero credit on result but should be in course. because through hollywood and bollywood we always get a reverse and heroic images about intoxication ."jo booe per babool ka wo aam  kahan se pae" 
0 0 We have to create a system where all the following three criteria’s are met: 1. A system where every Person makes materialistic growth 2. A system where every Person makes spiritual growth 3. A system where Society system (Samajvyavastha) is excellent It is the responsibility of every citizen and in particular of every youth to follow the above criteria’s for his own growth and in turn Society/Nation/World will transform into peaceful and prosperous. 
1 0 Drugs should be cultivated plants or made in factory. Make big advertisement that if any reports, they will be given 10% value of the catch. If they are employees, they should be protected. Their names should not be disclosed. 
0 0 जब शुरू में my Gov की शुरुआत हुई , उस समय मैंने बहुत सारे सुझाव भेजे जो मानव कल्याण के हित में थे , राष्ट्र के हित में थे , आज तक पीएमओ की तरफ से कोई सकारात्मक खबर नहीं आई , मतलब हम जैसे लाखो जनता के सुझाव कूड़े के ठेर में फैक दिए जाते है इससे हमारे दिल को ठेस पहुचती है , हमारा भेजा हुआ कमेंट स्वीकार हुआ या नहीं , कोई कन्फर्मेशन report नहीं मिलती , हमें क्या पता कि हमारे सुझाव मोदी को मिले या नहीं , अब तो मैंने सुझाव भेजने ही बंद कर दिये है , समय कि बर्बादी है/ जय हिन्द 
0 0 SIR HAPPY HOLI                                                .M SIR AAP KISANO KO MAN KI BAAT SE KISANO KO UNKA FAYADE KI BAAT  SAKTE HAI. MUJHE LAGTA HAI KI BAAT VE SAB SAMJHENGE. 
0 0 namasthe! let's do something against attacking to women,give her protection, today the delhi rape victim's interview was one of the shocking news updates. you have already done " betti bachaoo & betti padavoo" like that..we need something against to protection of women. start a shadow police control room for helping women, to reduce rape. 
0 0 Yadi sarkar ki baat aam aadmi tak pahunche (order,request) And Aam aadmi ki baat (request,demand,complaint) sarkar tak pahunche ek platform ke dwara then everything is solved. Kewal ek mahan aadmi sun rha h or vahi bol raha h baki sab sunn h,  soe hue h 
0 0 subhash shankar injekar. at post - umbraj 
0 0 We must give higher taste. If a hungry man is given old burger, he will eat. But before eating, if someone offers fresh hot dosa, he will throw eat dosa. Similarly, if you get better enjoyment than drugs, you will leave it. This was done by Prabhupada of ISKCON who introduced chanting of Hare Krishna and dancing, by which the hippies of America gave up drugs and alcohol. US govt couldn't do what Prabhupada could do. We can discuss more on this if you need more help, its a tried and tested way. 
0 0 Drug people take to secure relief from internal turmoil. Mind if controlled by Yogic practice alone can withstand external turmoil. Controlling ones senses alone may provide permanent remedy to this menace. 
0 0 If some one is caught in drug related case, immediately he/she may be produced for polygraph test (lie detector) and video record the questioning  procedure as an attachment to FIR in order to avoid escaping of real culprit. 
0 0 Aaj se kafi dino pahle maine kahi par ek line padhi thi. vo main share karna chahta hun. "Hum apni sanskriti bhulte ja rahe hai, shayad isi liye hum vinash ki or badh rahe hai". Modi ji ek programme bharat ki samapt hoti huyi sanskriti ke name bhi kijiye. 
0 0 sir all your thoughts on drugs are welcommed by whole indians,but one more thing i want to mention about punjab is that some false cases are made on innoccent persons by the police.Thousands of cases are made false and filling the jails.pls look after this serious matter as some families are getting ruined with this buraecracy and personnal gruge of political persons 
0 0 availability of drugs should be totally eradicated. This can happen only if there is no corruption  in police, executive and political functioning. Until we solve this fundamental problem, all ideas, discussions and suggestions are futile. The government has to display sincerity in eradicating corruption at ground level functioning ad ensure that drugs are not available at all. 
0 0 Excercise strict cotrol of dhabas, bettle shops and medicine stores. then should be central cell or website where we can send the details of the shops who sell these secretly. our identity should not be disclosed. after this you may send this report to ur agency which should be located in every district. the agency may comprise of only 2 people. they along with local police may arrest the culprit and should be punished hard. 
1 0 Our biggest strength in tackling this issue is that many people are in know how of drug being sold/purchased. The weak point is, no one reports due to fear. Lets eliminate this fear, by having anonymous reporting. Let this be done via a smartphone app. All reporting will be to a central server. Let the local agency respond to these anonymous reports and update action status. Market this app by telling users 'The Simplest way to Quit is Send a Anonymous Msg with Drug Info on this App'. 
0 0 The real problem for drug addiction is the absence of awareness. At schools we teach a lot about political science, science, maths etc. but often we ignore to teach the method of life, the good, the bad etc. Eg) how many students are taught what to do in the event of an earth quake? how many students are taught what happens when you are addicted to drugs? Lets make a life orientation subject mandatory at every school where students are taught about life, human body, behavior, etc 
0 0 Sir ह्मारॆ दॆश मॆ नशॆ कि मुख्य वजहॆ है‍‍‍ 1. घर मॆ पिता ,चाचा बच्चॊ कॆ सामनॆ हि तम्बाखु मजॆ सॆ खातॆ है 2. ह्मारॆ घरॊ मॆ अतिथियॊ का स्वागत सिगरॆत गुतखॊ सॆ किया जाता है 3. शादियॊ मॆ तम्बाखु,गुतखा,सिगरॆत आदि रखना ह्मारी शान हॊती है 4. नशॆ कॊ समाज मॆ ऎक  अह्म भाग हमनॆ ही बनाया है दॊस्तॊ नशा करना है तॊ study,skill development,desh bhakti का नशा करॆ. 
0 0 We need to bring meditation to the drug abused people.Here is a report on how art of living, an organisation teaching meditation has successfully  carried out de-addiction programmes 
3 0 Sir, I would like to bring to your notice that use of drugs is quite heavy in Modern education colleges also. Be it any MBA or Engineering college, 'weed culture' is most profound. One reason is, students/people consider weed n other drugs as a status as cigarettes are old school; the other reason being availability of weed (called 'maal' in hindi generally)at very low prices. The cigarettes today cost ~100 per pack and last a day only whereas drugs like Weed are available for same amount. 
0 0 Dear Sir,to me drug menace more of a psycological issue. 1. Please kee people engaged through wide and affordable skill enhancement programs 2.please have parasycology as a course in national skill development mission to counsel additcs in large scale 3.Constant communication and yoga are the best remedies 4. please help to build affordable and accessible sports infra, there could very good atheletes in these school dropouts 
0 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA SRI. NAREDRA MODI MY NAME IS ACHU M NAIR AND I AM A CASUAL VIDEO EDITOR IN DOORDARSHAN NEWS DOORDARSHAN KENDRA TRIVANDRUM KERALA, I RE EDITED THE TRANSLATED VERSION OF MAN KI BATH ON 22 FEB 2015. THAT WAS A GREAT MESSAGE TO THE STUDENTS WHOM ARE GOING TO FACE THE EXAMS. I HAVE A REQUEST TO YOU,  TO SHARE YOUR VIEWS AND IDEAS WITH THE YOUTH PEOPLE INCLUDING ME,  WHOM ARE GOING TO FACE THE COMPETITIVE EXAMS OF  UPSC SSC AND STATE PUBLI SERVICE EXAMS 
3 0 I  exposed multi crores corruption in my organization 'Sports Authority of India' and the CBI has found substantial evidence. After I exposed corruption, I am being harassed and victimized for which I submitted complaints even to Mr. Modi regarding illegal shielding of the corrupt and victimization of a Whistleblower, however no action is being taken on my complaints. now I have been dismissed from service by manipulating the records, official machinery and subordinates as PWs in the DPs. 
0 0 Law and order must be changed for drugs free India.Punishments should be severe for drug sale and unlawful activities. 
0 0 hamko saudi arab ki tararh kaam karna chahiye is par 
0 0 Even the police and leaders know who r the drug traffickers. Like in the recent case of boy falling from 4th floor in Manipal Karanataka,the police arrested the drug smugglers within a day, because they knew him well, if they had not arrested him they knew they would loose the job. But here he is not the only person involved, it s a gang. but police kept quite after catching him. No politicians raised voice once it was said it was a drug related case. all knew the drug smugllers but still...... 
0 0 Promotion of Nutrition and wellness can reduce the use of Medicine. Also Allow some best Nutrition like Amway Nutrilite in some Government sectors( For Employee good health) 
0 0 we must educate our youths and children about the harmful effects of this drugs, seperate chapters in the books should be dedicated for this, we can provide presentation in the form of slides or videos what happens if one take drugs. over the counter drug should be stopped by the retailer without the prescription of doctor, unauthorised seller should be caught. and people who are already drug dependent should be properly counselled and rehabilated 
0 0 Narendra Modi ji,you absolutely disappointed  the AP people hope in your budget allocations. What about polavaram project?.Please show us the difference between UPA and NDA govt. 
0 0 modi ji ye jo bhumi adhigrahan bill apne laya hai...agr implement krna to sabse pahle apne party k MP,MLA k jitni jameen hogi wahi se start krna , taki koi plant,clg,school khule to apke jitne bade2 MPs,MLAs hai unki jameen jarur jaye to hum manege k waki aapko desh k badi chinta hai aur garibo k bhi.......... 
0 0 Central government must banned all alcoholic things... 
2 0 Humble request for Prime Minister, There is minimum salary 15,000  in private and public sector company  for graduate employee.There are lot of people working in private sector. If every person get sufficient salary then we can easy bear our expenses. We hope you will discus our ideas. Thanks & Regards Nishant kumar 
1 0 Ministry of social justice scheme need to b revise It should b PPP model 
4 0 Sir there are active mafiyas with political relation who are directly involved in this business. the funny thing is that the local district intelligence knows these type of people, but they do not do any thing. If this campaign is to be made a success the political connection must have to be destroyed in every district as political persons very native person are taking care of these illegal business. Please do this necessary exercise to save the nation. 
0 0 State governments should take active participation.In TN state government owned TASMAC liquor shops should be closed as preliminary step. 
0 0 For mitigating this menace Prevention, Preservation and Rehabilitation measures must be taken in to practice at a time all around the country.There are some common as well as some specific measures will be required for different places and conditions. Like Meditation and Yoga classes should be must from school level and must be run in each and every school and institution. It will be one of the common preventive measures for future generation. 
2 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, आपके द्वारा जो नशा मुक्ति के विरूध मुहिम चलाई जा रही है, वह वास्तव में सराहनीय प्रयास है। यदि नशा मुक्ति के बारे में प्रचार— प्रसार स्कूलों में  छात्र, छात्राओं को प्रशिक्षित एवं जागरूक करने की पहल की जावे तो निश्चित ही जमीनी स्तर पर नशा मुक्ति के खिलाफ आंदोलन एक जन आंदोलन के रूप में परिवर्तित हो जावेगा तथा स्कूली पाठ्यक्रम में नशा मुक्ति से संबंधित कोई पाठ सम्मिलित किया जावे तो इसके भी दूरगामी परिणाम सामने आयेगें। 
0 0 modi ji i want make an andro - humanoid machine Robot ( armor ) for defense ( army ) hum can be wear it like a armor ...... it will be very powerful for defence operations ..... and used manually by human ...... this robot can work him-self automatically..... also it will be able like a human ........ there will be no ..... Difference between human and this machine....... when we will provide the robot ..... a skin (of syntactic fiber) ....... i don,t have currency & technology …….. by this armo 
1 0 Thank u PM Ji 
0 0 Why we are facing reservation system, and why no political party or a person stop such thing which spoils our country, why everywhere this system is must, even in elections seats are reserved? If this system is like that then how can you say that sabka sath sabka vikas? How? In few places only reserved category people join political party? Why not any one...this is main difference in  Our India And a politician India, shame on such system. 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी नमस्कार, आज के बसंतोत्सव पर में   " चुनो जिन्दगी  " का आधार बना लिया। आज मैंने 5 महानुभावों को मेरे जोड़ा वो है  १• श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी २• डा• प्रणय चतुर्वेदी जी ३• डा• सोरभ व्यास जी ४• श्री वीरेन्द्र सिंह जी  व ५• श्री पवन कुमार जी आपका अभिषेक अजमेर 
2 0 Police reform to ensure that we have an able police force to tackle smuggling and jail drug dealers 
0 0 नशे के ख़िलाफ़ लड़ाई पूरे समाज को मिलकर लड़नी पड़ेगी! मोदीजी तो इस मुद्दे को उठाकर लोगों को जगाया है! यदि हर व्यक्ति परिवार , मित्र, रिश्तेदार को इस बुराई के ख़िलाफ़ मुहिम में शामिल कर ले, तो बहुत बड़ा कार्य होगा। मैं अोर मेरे साथी इस कार्य में लगे हैं। चर्चा करने पर लोग ग़लती मानते हैं अौर सुधरने को इच्छुक हैं। ज़रूरत है कि हम निरन्तर लगे रहें। 
1 0 आज मैं कम से कम 5 लोगों को मेरे अभियान में शामिल करेगा । जिसमें प्रथम स्थान पर आपको जोड़ रहा हूँ, आशा करता हूँ आपका सहयोग मिलता रहेगा। धन्यवाद आपका अभिषेक 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी बसंत पंचमी के पावन पर्व पर शुभकामनाएं ! आज मैं "चुनो जिन्दगी" नशाखोरी के खिलाफ लड़ाई प्रारंभ करने जा रहा हूँ और मैं सफलता प्राप्त करु मेरी माँ सरस्वती से यही कामना है। 
1 0 माननिय् प्रधान् मन्त्रि जि ऱोड् को ओव्ऱ् ळोड् सॆ मुक्त् किया जाय् 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सादर नमस्कार, महोदय जी नशे के खिलाफ अभियान की शुरुआत आज बसंत पंचमी के पावन पर्व पर की। युवाओं को मे नशा मुक्त देखना मेरे जीवन का उद्देश्य है क्योंकि मैं खुद इसका शिकार हो चुका हूँ और मैं अब इसे समाप्त करके ही रहूगा । धन्यवाद । आपका अभिषेक पारोक 
0 0 ग्राम नंदौर पोस्ट पासका ब्लाक परसपुर गोंडा 
1 0 Respected sir, to Make tobacco and drug free India it possible by 1) from preKG onward all school teach moral science compulsory 2) and also good to ban all the tobacco factories or at least raise the tax as high possible for tobacco product 
0 0 Very simple. Make every one have spirtual journey from school on wards.make happiness course of www.artofliving.org compulsary in schools n college s. 
0 0 the best way of tribal development is "not to interefere with their lives" because they are more disciplined with their traditional values, musics, thoughts, forests, mountains and rivers. they can think freely and survive on their human instinct. I grew up with them always got amazed by their primitive talents which a modern like me cannot imitate. specially the nagas and mizos of northeast, they are amongst the most physically and mentally strongest groups of people sproting and fighting skill 
0 0 Namo Namah..... 
0 0 It can only be treated by telling the people the truth and telling them to decide besides cracking down on the supply. only catching peddlers does not solve anything. 
0 0 Dear sir Me aap ki sansad adarsh gram yojna se khush hu. Aap thik usi tarah sabhi rajyo me Jo vidhan sabha me jeet ke aate hai wo bhi ek adarsh gram yojana me Jude. Pls 
0 0 Its Better To Promote Smoke Free Streets, In schools or college ask to students check your street how many persons are smokers.. as we work n founded some streets where no one person is smoker.. and we announce Smoke free street.. http://smokefreefazilka.blogspot.in/ 
0 0 Please Check 1st SMOKE FREE STREET IN INDIA! http://smokefreefazilka.blogspot.in/ 
1 0 I teach in a Design School. Over a period of time instances of drug abuse in campus have come to my notice. These incidents range from drug abuse in class to student loosing life due to OD. Institute head says the law of the land is sufficient and institute may not do anything. I found that students do not know the law of the land and therefore the consequences. It should be mandatory for Colleges to educate students of the relevant laws and involve specialized organizations to counsel students 
0 0 Sending letter regarding addiction problem Regards Dhapola 
2 0 NCERT primary school books should have chapters about ill effects of drug abuse. If the aversion is imbibed in children they will not grow up to be tangled in this menace. Inserting thoughts of Aversion is a psychological technique and this will leave a mark in the subconscious of the child and he will stay away from drugs forever. Moreover,  Censor Board should ban movies glorifying drugs from releasing. 
0 0 if we take drugs and we will die 
0 0 First we shuld wake up des prem whom take vysn. A life lost waste of vysn instead of use for build country for contribute  country to do effort to wake up them. We also use to wake up media dhrmguru teacher and professor. We also use her be medicine like avla chyvnpras yastimadhu valiyari rasayana churn etc to use to leave vysnthi. In deep through a dryness feel when men take some vysn like alkohol tmbako etc...ayurved is helpful... Wake up for india for children for mother etc.. 
0 0 The primary cause of taking drugs regularly is depression, which arises from poverty. Tackling poverty will effectively erase this menace. That can be achieved by making sure that each household gets permanent employment, and a decent living wage to fulfill life's necessities: all that is required to keep them out of depression. 
1 0 Drug peddlers often want to come out of their habit but are unable to. Firstly, because of the shortage of rehab centres, and secondly, they are victimised by the society. The govt. should increasingly concentrate on setting up rehab facilities for convicted drug peddlers, and them use their story of coming out from this dark hell of drugs as inspirational propaganda to further rehabilitate more drug users. 
2 0 Sir in the era of online trade drug sellers are using the online way to sell illegal drugs .the govt should make an effort to crack down such websites.Moreover in the case of online sale of medicines there is no guarantee on the content, date of expiry,whether the medicine has been tested for its side effects or is banned.On line drug shops should be brought within the purview of medical act so that people can be ensured safe medicines online 
0 0 ...around the helpline employing ex-addicts , women who successfully handled addiction in the family and anyone useful. I have some more suggestions about people participation which I am adding in another platform. 
0 0 Thanks to PM for launching promised helpline as reported in the media even before the next Mann ki baat. Women suffer the most if a family member is addict or alcoholic. It will be very helpful to them. The people are totally with the PM on this. They are matured & opted for this govt. As a matured decision. They fully trust this govt. & never doubted it. They are committed to support. At the end since all things govt. don't have to aloof from people any more I envision a network of support.. 
1 0 It is right time to seal all  international border and identify people who is in connection with this drug. From panchayat to district level identification is must and give valuable suggestion to them and help the person to come in the mainstream of the society. People who are doing this for business should punish at the very beginning. 
0 0 IF CENTRAL GOVERNMENT IS SERIOUS ABOUT DRUG MENACE, THEN FIRST DISBAND CENTRAL BUREAU OF NARCOTICS WHICH IS DOING LEGALISED CULTIVATION OF OPIUM IN MP, RAJASTHAN, UP, HIMACHAL AND OPIUM FACTORY OF GHAZIPUR AND NEEMUCH. THERE IS LARGE SCALE DIVERSION OF OPIUM FROM THESE GOVT CONTROLLED FIELDS/FACTORY THANKS TO BRIBE HUNGRY GOVT REGULATING OFFICERS. PUNJAB OR MAJITHIA ALONE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DRUG MENACE. ALSO INQUIRE WHY BSF OFFICERS WANT POSTING TO SMUGGLING PRONE BORDER BELT ? 
2 0 corruption in top offices/official is the main problem in each and every department be it customs police etc Counseling and also harshest punishment will stop this menace 
0 0 Sir ye govt. job mai Reservation kab tak chalega kya General Cast mai paida hona Gunaha hai kya General Cast ke log other Country se aai hai .Mr. Prime Minister jab bi koi Govt. Job ki Vacancy Nikalti hai tho jo uski Exam Fess Hoti hai 500.Rs. ya 600.Rs for General cast jabki St Sc ki Fees only 100 Rs kya General Cast wale Indian Politicians ke Damaad hote hai .Sir Aap se Request hai ki agar aap es Reservation ko band nhi kr Sakte to Kam se Kam Exam Fess.kam karwane ki krpa Kre 
0 0 Police patrolling is pathetic atleast I can talk about my city Ghaziabad on account of which everyday I come across people who take alcohol and drugs in their car and create nuisance on road. Police have been provided vehicles but they hardly use them for regular patrolling. 
0 0 with the help of remote sensing satelites  police can identify drug producing field. 
1 0 No dharna,no politics,only action with sufferers is what we do in family conselling. 
0 0 ( 1 ) SINCE, MOST OF THE HANDICAPPED PEOPLE HAVE EXTRA TALENT, THEY CAN BE UTILISED BY GOVT. TO BE POLICE INFORMERS-for Drug Menace, Smuggling of Arms, etc. ( 2 ) BY THIS ENDEAVOUR, EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ALSO CAN BE CREATED FOR THESE HANDICAPPED PEOPLE. ( 3 ) AFTER UPDATING EVERY CITIZEN RECORD / AADHAR, CONFISCATE ALL PROPERTIES OF ALL DRUGS DEALERS, ANTI-NATIONALS, CRIMINALS, etc. ( 4 ) ALL GOVT. & PRIVATE LANDS / PROPERTIES TO BE STRICTLY MONITORED / CONFISCATED ( since, some govt. & private lands / properties / vehicles are used for Cultivation, Storing, Distribution, ETC. ). Thanks for giving we-the citizens, the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. B.Shanmuganathan / 98948-66843.  COIMBATORE ( TN ). 
3 0 Almost police of every state knows about these big mafias but could not take action due to their political support. Its true Just be strict with beurocrats none of the mafia should be protected. If any leader is doing so they too must be sent to jail. This is all a business for many leaders so plz look inside system. Make some hard provisions against such leaders 
1 0 Improving police intelligence to quickly catch the culprits of drug mafia. Border areas, Big cities and vulnerable areas need more awareness campaigns and media campaigns. 
1 0 1.increased security on border with cameras,sensors 2.involvement of stuents in constructive activities through formation of cultural,sports,social,reading,etc clubs in colleges which will reduce students turning to drugs for enjoyment 3.to check easy availability increased intelligence and policing is the only way 4.for medical prescriptions used as drugs -such drugs should not be given wthout valid prescription of doctor and online record should be maintained of such activity 
0 0 Burn fields that produce drugs by throwing petrolium flames form aircrafts and helicopters like USA does in South America its best option...because ground action may fail. 
1 0 Cancer free India- Tackling the drug menace in India http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/01/cancer-free-india.html Selling of tobacco product like sigret, gutka, pan masala should be ban ,  Camel room ( Smoking  Room)  have to be establish  by offices Private/government, or openly  Smoking should be ban and penalty of 5000/- or 10000/- need to be imposed to companies , or place owners if some one found smoking at office campus, Railway authority, hospital administration, school principal, 
0 0 आत्मीय , सन 2008 से हम ब्रहमाकुमारीज के मेडीकल विंग से कॉलेज,गॉवों, सरकारी ऑफिसों में कार्यक्रम दे रहे हैं । हम पा रहे हैं कि नशे का उपयोग करने वालों को सच्चे आत्मिक निश्वार्स्थ प्रेम आैर लगातार सहयोग की जरूरत है ।  एक दिन में नशा छोड्ने वाले बहुत कम मिले हैं । आइये आप भी नजदीकी किसी भी ब्रहमाकुमारीज के केन्द्र पर जाकर इस अभियान की जानकारी लें । यदि वहाँ नहीं चल पा रहा है तो इस मेरा भारत व्यसन मुक्त भारत अभियान को आगे बढाने में सहयोगी अवश्य बनें । युवा जागेगा तो नशा भागेगा । जय हिन्द , ओम शांति 
0 0 Implement tough punishment laws for drug trafficking just like many other middle east or Singapore or Asian countries. Project some high profile cases in limelight to rattle drug dealers. Make examples to create awareness of implications. 
0 0 keep very close eyes in the border activities,dont let any one to pass into india with out checked 
1 0 Govt. need to plan and mandate participation of every citizen of india as volunter. Weekly minimum 10 Hrs people  participation could remove idle thoughts and inspire nation building thoughts. It could help people to understand responsibility and rights. 
0 0 We must also educate children in schools and adults in colleges regarding the disastrous effects of drugs on one's health. "Say No To Drugs" must be propagated throughout the country. 
2 0 Convert all toll tax booths as check points & all vehicles & people must be checked if they are carrying any drugs to prevent export & import of drugs from one state to another. This will help in capturing drugs & imposing a barricade on drug transport. 
0 0 Publically punishing the drug mafia will deter all 
0 1 Remember Modi is PM for the whole of India, not just Hindi belt. Leave Hindi propagation to Bollywood guys who do thousand times better job than you sarkari note writers. 
0 0 We do not have problem with your monthly radio address in Hindi. Since India is pluralistic country with many classic languages, please ensure you can be heard in different languages simultaneously.  Technology is just the tap to turn. Next, your PR guys, be it for PMO, GOVT, OR BJP, should be media savvy, excellent in articulating in the global language of English because they are going heard around the world.  Learn from Congress in selecting their excellent spokespersons, so articulate . 
0 0 The only way to stop drug menace would be to simply make the drugs unavailable > If there is no drug to use how would they . Person in posession of drugs should be hanged if found guilty 
0 0 Government should divide the task into three categories 1) Prevention - by creating awareness at schools, colleges, social and cultural events about ill effects both economic and social. 2) Policing - To stop easy availability of drugs, by targeting the entire chain from production to trafficking to retail selling. 3) Punishment - All assets of individuals involved drug trafficking should be seized in addition to stringent punishment like death sentence should be invoked. 4) Rehabilitation cen 
0 0 My Views about development of our nation's youths ....and to eradicate the abuse of Drugs. 
0 0 America aur European countries mai ek basic standard life measure kiya hua hai ki, ek family ko quality humanlife,(living,education,medical,clothes,food,..)mile air standard life jiye..usi costing KO  unhone apni economy may cost kiya hua hai, accordingly economy ka cycle chal raja..that is reason hum Indian wanha settle hona chahte hai ,unke jaisa life jeena chahte hai aur hum unko copy karte hai.. 
0 0 Goverment servent ke liye pay commission time to time new salary and facilitate advice karta hai..jise aaj lower grade employee bhi apni family ko,child ko rk samman jank jeevan de sakta hai.unhe ghar,education,medical, other need puri karta hai.aur kam ki itni tension bhi nahi hoti. Hum private sector ke liye bhi kucch asia commission ho jo pvt.sector employee ka, family ka future safe ho..billions of people are working.. hum logo ki koi purchasing power nahi hai..ki country ke devlopment mai 
0 0 Drugs is a big problem in some states. It can tackled by first opening Rhab centres and secondly by cracking drug mafia and sellers. Encounter approach is required to tackle this situation. Punjab youth is being destroyed by Pakistan. Now Pak dont't send guns they send drugs from Afganistan/Iran. Also some big Politicians in all parties are involved in this. So those should be booked and punished with a proper chargesheet and proof like audio, video etc. Modiji If youth is lost BJP/IN is lost. 
1 0 Are modiji gujrat par pan thodu dhyan apo.in Surat katargam area's 35 society noticed to leave within 7 days.this all societies are from more than 25 years & all the documents which proved it legal. In Delhi yesterday 800 colony regularize though they illegal... Please do something & make gov. 4 people.  Please it's urgent to give this information to modiji 
1 1 Good to see brother of union minister, Ms Harsimrat Kaur Badal, being questioned for his role in drug menace. But opium cultivation in MP, Rajasthan, Himachal, UP and other states (under Central Bureau of Narcotics) be stopped, as there is lot of leakages/diversion to drug market, in collusion with police. This should be stopped, if Govt is serious to curb drug menace.  All liquor bars also are initiation points for drugs, hukka, etc which must be closed now. think about all india alcohol ban. 
1 0 PM sirji, First come first, we must stop flow of drugs (heroin, cocaine etc) from coming across the border... secondly, there has to be capital punishment for dealers.....We need to learn from Middle east who really punish these dealers and users... Now a days, we can openly see drug peddlers near school, colleges, clubs. hotels... why not have police patrols near schools/colleges. Private vigilantes  can be of help....provided govt. is serious. half the battle is won . Second is Education 
1 0 Chinks in security, heroin recovered from goods train form Pak--todays newspaper heading..... Fail to understand that why scanners are not installed at wagah borders, port terminals, Toll Nakas whose pictures can be transmitted not only to site but also hundred of kilometers from site... this way chances of mischief by officials can be checked.. If Modi government really wants to control this menace, one time investment is require...Hope govt. gives a thought on above. 
1 0 Education and campign. Basically people goes to drug or bad habits, because of basic things is missing. Food, Dress and Shelter. People have to educate with the moral, fulfilling the need. Working and getting benefits etc.Health issues of drugs needs to educate 
0 0 Respected & Hon. PM, Greetings. Globally, it is a well-verified & proven fact that :: "TOBACCO is a GATE-WAY DRUG". "Almost all DRUG-ABUSERS are Tobacco Smokers" Hence, for achieving a DRUG-FREE-INDIA, we should first create a TOBACCO-FREE-INDIA - which shall be a Stepping Stone and Gate-Way for a DRUG-FREE--INDIA. In view of the above fact, I request permission - for submitting  a TOBACCO-END-GAME-PROPOSAL - designed by me. - for the consideration of the Hon.PM and early implementation. 
0 0 hello Sir how r u? namaste.. my suggestion is in banking sector to break long queues for deposit or withdraw , some facilities like ATM, we can deposit made money in machine should be there. 
1 1 hi sir, how r u? namaskar. my suggestion is that, each and every site must go for real time update for vacancy of places job, 
1 0 Its total slackness on the part of law enforcement agencies and the successive govts that the problem of drug menace has been allowed to grow to such an extent that there is threat of ruining our future generations. Tighten the screw on these people, they are capable of delivering and solving this problem of drug abuse. 
2 0 There is a need to shift the focus from youngsters who are victims of drug abuse to mafia who produce and smuggle drugs for making easy money at the cost of rotting the young generation. Such people are influential as they have hordes of money and also use muscle power. The real challenge for the Govt is to bring these people to book whether they are politicians, Govt Officials or Goons and  destroy their nefarious assets. Once the root is destroyed, the drug menace will die an early death. 
0 1 Honorable PM you are earnestly requested to put a total ban on alcohol and drugs to bring peace and prosperity in the country and achieve the goal of Mahatma Gandhi.. 
0 1 By Making Health curriculum in schools result oriented. Means teaching students, about herbal products and its effects on health. Also it should be made practical in schools to ensure it is being practiced at home by students and parents. 
0 1 Cause of most problem leads to money, so I feel admission to study medicine should be made free from donation. Higher the people are paying money to get the education higher they are willing to earn. 
0 0 Most vulnerable towards drugs r youth,students and they r also the biggest consumers and when they r addicted .in future when some of them also choose it as their career to meet their expenditure and  addiction. So students should b checked with proper guidance and if police catches students then through them it can track peddlers & suppliers.secondly all supply areas should b properly monitored like uttarkashi ,himachal,haldwani, Punjab border .because through these areas drugs comes to market. 
1 1 TARUN KR MAJUMDER Modiji, I beg to state that I am deeply inspired from your "Maan Ki Baat" on Radio. I think, to save youngsters, specially children of India is not so easy. A very planned programme which consists of rigorous spiritual training with creation of strong National Feelings and Restrictions of the use of some drugs alongwith creation of an infrastructure Nationwide for engaging young people for building the country in a very positive way for mitigation of menace of drugs. 
0 1 Modiji,, A good umber  of judges in our High Courts don't want to expedite pending /long pending cases.  Judge deals service matters in AP High Court even  refuses to hear old cases pending for several years. He allows only new cases. He does not want to hear cases filed in 2013 and earlier. simply pass time. Thousands of clients are suffering. Take necessary steps to fix responsibility for time bound clearing of  long pending cases especially cases pertained to retirement of senior citizens. 
1 1 Modi ji, Inspired from your Mann Ki Baat on Radio, I, Pratik Satish Varia & my young & elder collegues from Varia Prajapati Samaj have Initiated a "Vyasan Mukti" program at our community level wherein we have taken an oath of being Non-Smoker, Non-Alcoholic, Non-Drug addict or avoiding any other thing that leads to addiction for lifetime. We have also started activities of Anti Smoking & Anti Drug Awareness programs to educate people from our community & will expand it as much as we can! Pratik 
0 0 Modi Sir, Please share your views on'' Importance of Time management for youth" in your next Man ki baat. Please guide youth through your speeches. As youth is our powerhouse. They should be  invited for voluntary services and  becoming volunteers for noble cause. If u are giving them noble aims they can't become  drug addict. 
0 0 Alcoholism is a disease and can be treated successfully by ayurvedic medicine. As  far as drugs are concerned 1. Govt should start strict punishments for people who are making money out of it.2. Start moral , physical education( Sports Periods ) and  NSS classes compulsory for higher sec school and colleges.Start giving preference in Govt jobs to those fellows.3. Start a scheme   for unemployed youth for  utilising their energy as a voluntere in various social works. 
2 0 Modi ji, Inspired from your Mann Ki Baat on Radio, I, Pratik Satish Varia & my young & elder collegues from Varia Prajapati Samaj have Initiated a "Vyasan Mukti" program at our community level wherein we have taken an oath of being Non-Smoker, Non-Alcoholic, Non-Drug addict or avoiding any other thing that leads to addiction for lifetime. We have also started activities of Anti Smoking & Anti Drug Awareness programs to educate people from our community & will expand it as much as we can! Pratik 
0 0 shrab-mukt desh bnaya jaye, Oxcitosin injection ko gov puri trh apne control mai le, kiyuki ye bhi dipression , bone cancer,aour blatkar vridhi ka ek ahm karn hai 
0 0 Schools aour college mai yog & pranayam ko compulsory subject k roop mai pdhaya jaye aour practice bhi kraya jaye, jisse ve apni life mai kabhi bhi dipression mai na aa ske 
0 0 Desh mai AFIM ki kheti puri trh se bnd ho, agr iska use medicine mai ho rha ho to, gov ise puri trh apne under mai le 
0 0 Drugs ka business krne wale ko fansi ki sja ka pravdhan ho 
0 0 Periodic medical check ups and awareness program should be made mandatory particularly in schools, also in government and private enterprises. Awareness program has to be conducted on a timely basis. MNC's can cooperate in this as CSR. Many NGO's and self help groups can participate in these drives by mobilising funds required for medical check up inorder to reap the highend capacities of Indias demographic divident... 
0 0 Government should make a law to close down all the drug manufacturing companies 
0 0 Following things can be done 1. First of all ban all drugs,Alchohal,Gutkha,Cigrette and all Nasha product 2. Start education about harms of these product since school days and in TV media too 3. Start treatment of of people who addicted to these things If we think tax is being recieved by such product then we should that we heath treatment is more costlier then tax we receive. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Please make State police department as an independent authority.(eg:- CBI etc) if state police is independent authority then police man will be free of any political pressure. Policemen will be answerable to their officials (higher authorities only Eg DIG,DGP.DSP) Take a close look at policeman through GPS Tech in every Dist. i suggest to depute police and freelancers in civil dress at renowned colleges and universities to tighten the grip and then punish both buyer and seller. 
1 0 Dear Modi ji, Thank u for your very promising concern over drugs used by our youths, i only want to suggest: 1. to curb the selling of cigarettes loosely 2. I have heard that major drugs is handled at college level, so i suggest to depute police and freelancers in  civil dress at renowned colleges and universities to tighten the grip and then punish both buyer and seller. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister ji, thanks for giving us the opportunity for voicing our concerns. Talking about harms of Drug addiction there is another less talked about addiction which is destroying the youth and the nation. Its is Porn addiction which is eroding the moral fabric of the society and leading to devastation of the youth at large. It is having similiar harms like psychological, physical, emotional setbacks to the addict. And moreover this drug is available for free to each one of us. 
0 0 Tamil and Sanskrit are classical languages more than 10,000 years old; Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam are also classical languages more than 1000 years old. For a Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam their identity irrespective of religion is their mother tongue. Man-Ki-Bath has not yet touched their hearts. Technology, facility exist for dubbing in every language to suit lip movements of the speaker. Broadcast must be done in these languages also to bridge the present North South divide within India. 
0 0 No other Prime Minister for last 67 years has talked on a one to one basis with everyone in India that is the positive side. The negative side Hindi is a North Indian language the mother tongue of 18% of the population and understood by 45%. However the people of Orissa, Bengal, Assam, Maharashtra, Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra, Telengana, Tamilnadu would appreciate and very much like to hear it in their own language more so as Tamilnadu has been hostile to Hindi imposition since 1965 rejected it 
0 0 Majithiya is controller of drugs in Punjab. Local  Authorities are unable to take actions. Recently summon paid was good move. 
0 0 Teenagers are want to excitement in their lives that is why they slip in to drug habit. let us give more excitement by giving sports activities, social & religious activity, tourism of heavy adventure like paragliding, rope foiling , tracking etc.. at study level. 
1 0 In schools and Colleges for every standard students make sessions with counselor or psychotherapist compulsory - 1 hour per week. it will help to check every students feelings and also check their behavior at the early stage itself avoiding any kind of complications. It will not only avoid any form of addiction but, a student will also be emotionally and mentally healthy. 
0 0 श्रीमान प्रधानमंत्री महोदय, हम सब आपके प्रति पूरी तरह से निष्‍ठावान है कि आप हमारी भारत भूमि को उसका पुराना गौरव दिलाने का पूरा प्रयास करेंगें। और जब तक इस देश का खोया हुआ गौरव पुन: मिल नहीं जाता तब तक आप चुप नहीं बैंठेंगे। अत: हम पूर्ण रूप से आपके साथ हैं आप पर हमें पूर्ण विश्‍वास है। और हम आपके कदम से कदम मिलाने के लिये पूरी तरह से तैयार हैं। नमस्‍ते सदा वात्‍सलये मातृभूमि 
0 0 Sir, We know that that you have been very much focused on the Development, but its very sad to say that there are few people in BJP only in various cities are not doing there responsibility.so  you need to  frame a a  proper system to implement and reach the each corner of our nation.I request you to please start the proper political career development program too so that a student like me who have a passionate to serve there country can study well and can contribute my best for the nation. 
1 0 Dear PM sir, .          plz give these MP n MLAs a strong message by giving sm punishment to the politicians who speak above the limit cause in that way they are giving opposition a chance to interrupt the parliament.....cause sir agar bharat hindu ka ghar hai toh muslim ka bhi,sikh ka bhi isai ka bhi.sir please take some action sir 
0 1 Sir, I am Hindu. I was happy that you became our PM. But I didn't vote for BJP. In corner of my heart I have fear for social future of my country I am sure you will bring development which will give jobs irrespective of religion. I studied in christian school with muslim friend beside me. Things like conversions may be  justified by one point of view but in other view it weakens mutual trust. I dream of a day when Thackery and Owaisi hug each other. Pleas save this miracle called India. 
1 0 dear prime minister apko agle man ki baat ke episode  me dharmantran ka mudda uthana chaaiye . logo ko pata lagna chaaiye ki pichle 60 sale me kis tarah muslimo or christans ne garib or dalit hinduo ko paise ke lalach de ke unka dharam badla hai . apko pure fact ke sath apni baat rakhni hogi with all data.taaki media me aapki govt. ke uppar lag rahe alligation ka jawab diya ja sake.or congress samet sabhi sudo secular parties ko jawab mil jaye. pura desh aapke sath khada hai. jai hind jai bharat 
1 0 Sir, strictly prohibited gutka, pan, tobacco, bidi, cigarette and madira,  drugs etc. Many people are angry to you. These drugs are creating many disease in oral cavity & other body parts, and stop economic growth. 
1 0 सरकारे एक तरफ तो ड्रग्स, तम्बाकु उत्पाद और दारू को कर के लिए बढ़ावा देती है दुसरी तरफ उसी कर को इनसे होने वाली बिमारी के लिए खर्च  देती है। इससे सबसे बड़ा नुकसान देश को युवाओ के नाश होने से होता है। ऐसे उत्पादो को सरकार द्वारा गैर कानुनी घोषित कर देना चाहिए। पर नेता लोग इन कम्पनियो से रिश्वत लेते है। यही कारण है कि सुप्रीम कोर्ट की फटकार के बावजुद भी सरकार तम्बाकु और शराब को बैन नही करती है। इसके अलावा सरकार को सीमा पार से आने वाले ड्रग्स पर निगरानी रखनी चाहिए और ऐसे लोगो पर देशद्रोह का मुकदमा चलाए 
1 0 It is impereative that the infrastructure  to fight evil of drugs is not lacking in any way. The family, the friends and the society, no doubt owe a responsibility towards the victim of devil, called the drug addiction, the creation of the requisite paraphernalia, like establishment of well-equipped hospitals with an appropriate number of weii qualified duty-borne doctors and supporting -- AN ESSENTIAL COMPONENT -- falls within the ambit of responsibility of the Government.  IT IS A  BIG MUST. 
1 0 Contd...It is again an imperative that the Government owns up the task of  providing 'basics' for fighting the devil of drugs which is engulfing our manpower like anything, and is  reducing our asset to a naught. It is also an imperative that THE GOVERNMENT DRAWS UP A DETAILED AND WELL DEFINED PLAN FOR REHABILITATION OF THOSE WHO RUN FULL COURSE OF 'DE-ADDICTION' AND GO ON COURSE TO SHUN THE DRUGS. THIS IS VERY  IMPORTANT LEST THE COURSE IS REVERSED. THIS WILL ACT AS AN INCENTIVE. THIS IS IMP. 
1 0 It is impereative that the infrastructure  to fight evil of drugs is not lacking in any way. The family, the friends and the society, no doubt owe a responsibility towards the victim of devil, called the drug addiction, the creation of the requisite paraphernalia, like establishment of well-equipped hospitals with an appropriate number of weii qualified duty-borne doctors and supporting -- AN ESSENTIAL COMPONENT -- falls within the ambit of responsibility of the Government.  IT IS A  BIG MUST. 
1 0 a person who is an addict never finds anything wrong with himself. Right parenting, guidance and knowledge to children can help prevent such human destruction. such patients need more of psychological counselling and medicines. many De-addiction centers rather use wrong methods like beating and threatening the patients, which makes life even harder for them. Most importantly we also need to focus on the reasons for anyone reaching for drugs and why not living a healthy life. 
1 0 I believe the initiative has to come from the families of those who are already addicts to any kind of drug and all other families who want to save their young children from drug menace. like any other social issue drug addiction is also an issue of shame in our societies. people need to understand that its not a matter to be hidden,rather they need to find the cure.without the support of family and their understanding de-addiction is an impossible task. 
1 0 Sir, I am compelled to write to you after failing to elicit any corrective action from local authorities, traffic police, BMC, my MLA (Shri Ashish Shelar) and my MP (Smt. Poonam Mahajan). The stretch of SV road from Podar Hospital to Nanavati Hospital to Asha Parekh Hospital to Lilavati Hospital are choco-block traffic, with illegal parkings, hawker etc prevent free flow of AMBULANCES, which remain stuck in traffic wailing sirens, trying to carry critically ill patients to hospital. Pls HELP 
1 0 Sir, "Prevent Shabd Maalinya" We Indians, especially in cities, have this nasty habit of honking incessantly, even in a bad traffic jams. I take pride in not having honked even once in last 6-yrs. I urge the drivers of taxis i hire, not to honk, by offering them an adnl tips as bonus. I find non-honking drivers are attentive, calm, safe drivers, who rely more on breaks and not blare honk. Please challenge the drivers to not honk. In addition, ppl should give right of way to ambulances Yo 
2 0 Developing our country is our responsibility. Please ask the people what kind of India do they want? And, what are they willing and going to do for their country - India? Please  make this site more interactive. Now it seems to be one way. We are dumping our views, thoughts and ideas. NO response. 
0 0 Save farmer save India .modi sir do for agriculture 
0 0 I want that all educated person  they can give any government exam (govt job, govt courses and any diploma etc.) Without 50% marks .government should give chance to all indian to develope themselves. I request to my gov to give freedom in govt exam. 
0 0 The most needy and helpless people in this world are the elderly homeless people and their number is quite big in India Since, the govt is spending crores of rupees on the welfare activities,My view is that govt should build some sort of a permanent big living accommodation complex on the lines of old age homes where these elderly homeless people could be provided with basic facilities and amenitiesWe can start the project from the metro cities where the strength of these people are quiet high 
1 0 नशा जितना सस्ता और आसानी से मिलने वाला होगा, उसको सेवन करने वालो की संख्या में अपने आप ही इजाफा होता रहेगा। इसको कम करने के लिए सरकार को चाहिए कि सस्ते (कम मूल्य में ) मिलने वाले मादक पदार्थो पर अधिक मात्र में कर वसूल करना चाहिए । उदहारण के लिए यदि एक तम्बाखू की पुड़िया का मूल्य ५रूपये है तो सरकार को उस पर  ९५रूपये वसूल करने चाहिए ।  अतः अधिक मूल्य में उस वस्तु को कम लोग उपयोग में लायेगे और धीरे -धीरे इसपर लगाम लगाये जा सकेगी । 
0 0 Sir, the major issue in india is the judicial timeline. Those who are caught of selling drugs are only displayed in few lines in some corner of newspaper. We should do marketing of list of punishment given to offenders. Also must be given in tv, flash advertisement in youtube and also social networking websites. youth now a days think of taking drugs as status symbol. This has too be erased from their minds 
2 0 MUST   READ AND LIKE  THIS PAGE :  www.facebook.com/saheedschool 
1 0 प्रथम‌ सुशासन‌ दिवस‌ की हार्दिक‌ शुभकामनाऎ 
0 0 Sir i believe their are many such issues related to youth.I believe that the responsibilities of the youth are to be discussed once again and it is my firm believe that you can do it in a remarkable manner. 
1 0 Sir i believe as you have constantly pressed the fact that 65% of the population is less than 35 years so i want you talk with this population that what should be the contribution of this youth in the development of our nation.How recently have we seen that this population does not respect their parents,elders for instance look at the condition of old age homes in our country.We are educated yet this educated youth discriminate among girls and boys (sex ratio at snehalaya) . 
0 0 Sir as we know crude oil prices r reduced so much and thats why petroleum products prices has been reduced, where is your slogan "mehgai congress ki den hai" you r also in this path.Also congress has asked to give subsidy in gas that doesn't suite to our country n you also has started the same formula, plz dont compulsate peoples to take subsidy as many peoples in india dont have aadhar/bank cards, many house roti will be closed by your such program instead u try how more peoples can be happy. 
0 0 Sir.good knoladge and msg you.you are a man ki baat activity for indian and also all people in world like you sir. 
1 0 Sir, please spell out Sab ka saath - Kaise? What do you have in mind. Please be specific. Sab ka vikaas - What vikas? Please give specific targets with time-frame. What will you do for India? What do you want us to do for India? Let is be specific about what does - Aachhe-din mean? What should we expect? When? Please speak as CEO of India.Inc. and not as political leader. The language of real governance not political game for votes only. 
1 0 Governance - As PM of the country, please ask each village to elect or nominate on person as your "contact" person. He or she should have direct way to communicate with your office. Your office MUST arrange to reply to their communication within specified time. If possible make the communication public on a website.  Let us have real participative governance. 638,000 villages MUST have an opportunity to participate to make it meaningful. Make village clusters if needed. 
1 0 Skill development initiative lacks in complete modalities, such as :- - short training time ranging from 7-30 days rather than market demand, which is insufficient.- execution of program and management,- responsibilities,- Emphasis should be on SEP than placement- Honesty in meeting set objectives- above all Stipend to meet their daily needs,- women should be equally focused- Short period syllabi MES courses only should be strictly practiced to get best results. 
0 0 सर आज हमारे हिंदुस्तान मैं कुछ शासकीय कर्मचारी और अधिकारी चंद रुपयों के लालच मैं खुलेआम ड्रग और नशीले उत्पाद बिकवा रहे हैं ऐसे अधिकारियो को और बेचने वाले लोगो को फासी की सजा होनी चाहिये सर जब तक हिंदुस्तान मैं कठोर सजा का प्रावधान नहीं होगा तब क्राइम पर अंकुश लगाना मुश्किल हैं हा लेकिन इस के विरोध मैं हम पुरे देश मैं अभियान चलाना होगा ताकि युवा पीड़ी के जागरूक मित्र इस अभियान से जुड़े और हम इस मिशन मैं सफल हो 
0 0 Sir, we are really keen interested to expose & flourish North-Eastern traditional design, fabrics through  Vibrant Gujrat2015. Stall rent 11,000/- per sq mtr is really high for organization(Fabric Plus) like us, who is promoting Village Women Weavers & Silk Farmers, trying best to get the real worth value. We would offer up to 15,000/- to 20,000/- for 7 days, which we usually do for other Govt. Exhibition. Kindly help us Sir !! 
0 0 मोदी जी के काम से जिनको तकलीफ पहोंच रही हे, वही चिल्ला रहे हे, उनको काम करने से रोकना उनका मकसद बन गया हे, ऐसै लोग  ही जनता के बीच मे अच्छे बनकर घुमते हे हमें उन्हे ऊजागर करना चाहीए...अ 
0 0 Mr. Prime Minister, I'm not sure why there is lots of difference between the states in India. In my opinion to make a country united we need make its citizen united. Please try to reduce the society barrier among citizen. 
1 0 Give me a chance to speak for 180 seconds on a simple idea which will bring back 80 % Black money, saves 50% Gas subsidy & Creates 10 million jobs in 15 months by educating on our Indian laws. Lakshmana Kumar VTS, Chennai 
0 0 Drug addiction must have taken a great toll so far. There are several pockets accross several States of our great country which are badly and sadly inflicted with this horrible 'ill'. It is no secret that the youth start with the drugs in small doses, sometimes just for, or, sometimes just for no reason, or, SOMETIMES, JUST TO 'GIVE  COMPANY' TO SOMEONE THEY FEEL TOO CLOSE TO. BUT THIS 'ILL' TAKES THEM OVER ALMOST IRREVOCABLY, WITHOUT LETTING THEM SO REALISE. FOR EVERYONE IT IS TOO LATE. 
0 0 CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION EFFORT  AND PRACTICABLE MEASURES TO REDUCE CARBON FOOTAGE AAM ADMI  MAY UNDERTAKE ON INITIATION AS NATIONAL CULTURAL MISSION TO BE ADOPTED / ADAPTED BYBGOVT & PUBLIC &CHILDREN AT LARGE. 
0 0 The Hon'ble PM has really touched upon a very sensitive social subject concerning core chunk of our youth accross several States of our country are inflicted with. It is maddening to realise that the seriousness with which the situation arising out of our our youth getting progressively addicted to drugs, has not been able to attract the attention so far of those who are closely concerned and affected with this menace, viz., Family, Friends and the Society. MAIN REASON FOR ITS SPREADING WINGS. 
0 0 The forum of the mann ki baat is helpful for children sprouting at or near home.But,for the children who are at the hostels esp.at medical colleges who knows a lot about drugs can misuse their knowledge,a way to tackle this has to be found. 
0 0 I have listened your addressing  to nation about "Say  No To Drugs" .Its overall excellent and i thank to them who share innovative idea to prevent society from become Drug Addicted.I want to bring your concentration on these matter that after second day of your speech Madhya Pradesh Govt reduce rate of  VAT on cigarette 26% to 13%.Now you say its good Or Bad, if you want change the ideal thing should be come from the top... Thanks 
0 0 Addiction is a problem that can hardly be solved. The only way to keep people away from drugs is to ban them. The production of tobacco should be stopped. For the people addicted, camps should be organized everywhere to abstain them from addiction to drugs. Students should be taught the harms of drugs through books or school progammes. This will help the next generation not to use drugs and help the addicted people to abstain from it. 
0 1 Sir!! your last message was too long for a too strong topic. it might reveal your concern over the issue. but it cannot be sufficient enough to arouse action on part of the fellow countrymen. what they need is much more than that. i cannot see a change within my purview in my life time (in next 2 decades). anyway I would like to thank Mr. PM - the First Sewak. thank you (many). may the god give you lot of strength, make you vivacious and bless you with long life -for all of us, humble regards, 
1 0 sir focus on the method of working of govt people on particular activity ...and still people not treat govt property is our and they never care of it ...our transport system is very poor and no one care of it ..every place we face crowed problem and no one want to follow rules only think about himself ...if we saw police we dont fill safety ...we got worry  ..try to change mind of people and think for our country . 
1 0 i shivang dixit gujarat baroda have newest idea create a new form of as below indian ecconomic security policy core base 1) international political administrative security 2) secure national and international  employment labour ecconomic policy 3) secure national social administrative  policy 
0 0 i shivang dixit gujarat baroda have newest idea create a new form of as below indian ecconomic security policy core base 1) international political administrative security 2) secure national and international  employment labour ecconomic policy 3) secure national social administrative  policy 
0 0 Honorable Prime of India, KVK, Rohru, H P, India mentioned “By use of Jeevatu (consortium of beneficial natural microbes for overall growth, development of plant & instant control of foul odor) the fertility status, yield & quality of apple fruit were increased. Income of orchardist at the project sites which was earlier ranging between 5 to 6.0 lakhs was increased from 8.0 to 9.0 lakhs per ha”. I humbly request for an appointment to make 20 min.  P P presentation in your presence at New Delhi. 
0 0 Your kind attention is invited towards my candidature, wherein after qualified NET conducted by UGC, more than 37 publications with 6.6 years working experience still I am working on contractual job in Govt. Sector at low salary. I have been regularly applying for the post of ASSISTANT PROFESSOR in different universities but still no positive result has come. You are, therefore requested to kindly take necessary action and also provide necessary help to me TO GET SUITABLE JOB. 
0 0 Your kind attention is invited towards my candidature, wherein after qualified NET conducted by UGC, more than 37 publications with 6.6 years working experience still I am working on contractual job in Govt. Sector at low salary. I have been regularly applying for the post of ASSISTANT PROFESSOR in different universities but still no positive result has come. You are, therefore requested to kindly take necessary action and also provide necessary help to me TO GET SUITABLE JOB. 
0 0 Sir,Basic Human Tendancy "If you want to leave a habit have to concentrate any other habit more than to the existence".When will Youngsters goes in wrong Route-NON COMMITMENT.Government have to make our Youngsters to be engaged in Developing India by Providing Better Environments for sports"A place where both Physical and Mental Workouts are Done".Entreprenership"A Unique Icon should all others will follow"(An Example to youngsters). 
0 0 सस्ती एवं सर्व सुलभ स्वास्थ्य सेवा के बिना नशे पर कोई लगाम लग नहीं पाएगा । आयुर्वेदिक दवाखानों को ग्रामीण क्षेत्रों मे संरक्षण दिया जाये । 
0 0 Sir, even though there are lot of rules in India which states that the use of alcohol , drugs, etc are punishable offences, nobody is taking care of that rules.Even in lot of central government offices and state government offices the employees are coming to their seats by consuming alcohol. If we are not able to give punishment to those employees and bring strict rules for regulating the consumption of alcohol,tobacco even in government office premises then how can we prevent it all over India 
0 0 There is no alternative other than the complete BAN ony any form of NASA in our country. There no "good nasa " or  "bad nasa "  this is light , that is had nasa. Coz these small nasa will convert in to DRUGS in future. 
0 0 Sir, One important strict regulation/rule/law has to be made in INDIA, which will enforced every school in india to maintain compulsory minium security measures, to take care of for kids/student in school and it should be certified every six months by Govt. regularise authority else heavy penalty by law are to be put on such schools for negligence in security of school student and LOCAL POLICE Should be made responsible to kept check daily at least four times during school hours.Thanks 
0 0 NAMSTE SIRJI,Cleanliness learning starts first from school atmosphere-classroom, assembly hall,school ground. Mostly in Govt.aided. MUMBAI convent school Also,number of sweepers are less hence school, ground & assembly hall are not cleaned daily nor there are any school peons/watchmen to supervise safety of students in recess in school,ground,hall & all time at gate.There should be a toilet on each floor repeat on each floor for student near their class for most important natural call & safety. 
0 0 Narendrabhai, I am really concerned about Hafiz Saeed's threats to India and Zaki-Ur-Rehman Lakhvi's release . He is the operational commander of LET and would be used for masterminding the attack on India. Cant we just eliminate them either through a clinical assassination or bombing of his rallies. Cant see some mad man threatening my Mother India. Please kill Saeed and Lakhvi. Raise the capability of RAW for covert operations. Nip them in their bud. Pls Narendrabhai. Jai Ramakrishna, Arvind 
0 0 Narendrabhai, Bharat Mata ki Jai. One thing I would like to bring to your immediate attention. My niece who is 7 years old got up from her sleep in the middle of the night and asked her mother "would the terrorist come to her school and kill her and her friends" She is a sweet  child  studying in class II in a private school in Trivandrum. Hearing this I am really perturbed. Kerala (especially Malappuram district) has become the hotbed of Islamic terrorist activities. Please do something 
0 0 Govt. of india must ban the manufractureres of the products that are used as addiction . 
0 0 The actions of terrorists in Peshawar school has left the entire world petrified. Its time, the world requires a leader, who will rise above regional politics & short term gains. Hatred can only be won over by Love. By killing people, we are sowing a seed of hatred among humanity. Every civilized nation should stop manufacturing weapons, not just weapons of mass destruction. The recent newspaper article about manufacturing Russian AK series weapons contradict the requirement of the day. 
1 0 Sir  drugs to costly hota h magar sharab sasta hota h ...middle class or lower class youth sirf sharab piye h. To zaroori h ki aap usko bhi band kare 
1 0 Sir, I am a Govt employee posted in Kiltan island, U.T. of Lakshadweep. Here Students of Govt. High School are daily seen smoking just outside the school. Many students and youngsters in the Island are also habitual ganja(drug) users. Police many a times have nabbed these youngsters but rarely any case is registered and the matter is not taken seriously by the police or administration. Earlier this month few students were detained by the police for theft. Please kindly take notice of the issue. 
2 0 sir after your Man ki Baat i stoped drinking alcohol but how many days i dont know i can stop drinking but i try my level best... 
2 0 Sir, we are facing problems for drainage system & roads for last 20 years. Although we have complaint to DM office , MP office, MLA office, BDO office, still receive no response. In rainy season it is very difficult for our children to go to school because the roads are filled water.due to this the future of many children's is in darkness. Kindly send some honest persons for visiting the area, for betterment of the colony. I hope you take action soon towards the said problem. Thanking you Ketul 
1 0 Dsssb has its help desk number but 99% it's busy and if it's ring then no body pick the phone,  that board working is also very poor,  dear sir please take care of such things although it's a very small work but it's a major problem because it's related to youth carrier and you always talk about youth and all but primary thing in India is in worst condition,  7 out of 10 exam are leak,  etc etc,  is it a good governance? I personally feel there is no difference in Congress and in your govt. 
1 0 Good Touch and Bad Touch Program to be started at Schools to stop the child sex abuse inside the family and outside family members and others. each school, child helpline coordinator and phone should be there which should give confidence and child  can come forward and report any abuse. And it has to be linked with FIR at police station for enquiry.  teacher's bad touch is at tamilnadu. 
1 0 No effective grievance redressal mechanism for the regulators exists--only lip service. My complaint DHLTH/E/2014/01666 to Ministry of Health on pgportal.gov.in merely resulted in passing the buck from CDSCO to NPPA- my feedback has also been given to DARPG on this but it is not shown on the site. When the NATIONAL Essential Medicines List or NEML is being sidelined by CDSCO, what healthcare can be expected in the country--while approving newer and unscientific FORMULATIONS? 
1 0 Sir, My Area Pandalam, pathanamthitta district, kerala state, have more children using tobacco and other banned drugs, police not taking necessary action to cut the supply, sir , please help our children and society to stop this from the concern officials to give strict action. 
3 0 hello sir!  sir mai shadi n karna chahti hu magar mere family aur society force kar rhe h mai aap se madad chahti hu..mere madad kajiye......pls jyoti,up,India jyotij1690@gmail.com is my email and mobil e no. 7398037747 thank u sir! 
1 0 Shri MODI saab, To make a Complete Security system for Our Nation, have to completely cut the supply of ALCOHOL drinks and illicit drugs. So, we have to make strict and tight security checks during IMPORTS and People Entering at all AIRPORTS and SEA PORTS and also POSTAGE packets. We have to learn that it is increasingly difficult in spite of security checks. So, immediately we have to re-establish internal and external security like Prevention Of Terrorism Act and delete all those British acts 
0 0 KRIPYA ISH SAMSYA KA HAL NIKALA JAY. 
0 0 each and every school teacher should be given child psychology lecture to teachers,it will help to understand child psychology,child problems in understanding ,behaviour,all things. 
0 0 I really liked the crystal clear message you gave to people. It'd be great if you spoke about traffic problems. Atleast highlight 1. Maintaining traffic discipline. 2. No honking (horn) unnecessarily. I do believe we have huge infrastructure/population problem, and I am sure some of the best minds in the country are trying to tackle the issues. But  I'd be great if you could implement some of the models what US traffic management's doing. Ashish Bhat California, USA 
0 0 Honorable prime minister, As many others I hear all the "Mann Ki Baat" episodes. My two cents for the Drugs and Corruption issues. For Drugs, close monitoring  the schools and collages in  civil uniforms and engaging parents to do the same. For corruption, there should be a online review board where the common citizens should be able to send or rate the officer(s) including clerk. In lot of government offices, the bribe starts from clerk. 
1 0 Dear Sir, I followed your 2 episodes of "Mann Ki Baat". You spoke about various issues including usage of drugs. I feel, at the present moment, the first & foremost issue to be addressed is the "Women & Children Safety". It is heart wrenching to hear the molestation & rapes against women & children across the country. Instead of your Twitter/Facebook comments/condolence, I would like you to take up this issue in your next "Mann Ki Baat" & give a strong message to the nation & assure them safety. 
0 0 Dear sir, i need one change which will help out to reduce curruption. we need to set CCTV camera in all Government office. 
0 0 Sir we need your views on importance of education in building individual character and national integrity. We are taught to earn marks rather than to earn character. We want your importance to change the way of teaching not the syllabus. I think only education with values can reduce the crime rate. As our nation is the country with most young population we need to drive all the youngsters in the wright path. I think it is only possible with education.Please Take this problem into account. 
0 0 अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से छोटे बादल साहिब ने बीजेपी को देश में नशा पैदा करने वाली पार्टी कहा  है। इस कारण हम लोग कुछ दुविधा में है की कही वोह सच तो नहीं बोल रहे ,क्योंकि बादल परिवार तो केवल रेत खाने में,केबल नेटवर्क पर कब्ज़ा करने में , बिज़नेस पर अधिकार ज़माने नें और बड़ी बड़ी प्रॉपर्टी पर कब्जा करने में ही यकीन करता है,नशों से शायद उनका कुछ लेना देना नही।इसी लिए शायद आपकी सरकार का ED विभाग उनको पिछले कुछ महीनो से उनके एक करीबी रिश्तेदार को एक समन भी नहीं भेज सका  जिनका नाम एक बहुत बड़े ड्रग घोटाले में आया ह 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , मन की बात में आपने नशों के ऊपर बिना किसी का नाम लिए बात की तो कुछ लोगों ने अगले ही दिन समाचार पत्रों में ब्यान दिया की नशा तो बीजेपी शासित प्रदेश पैदा करते हैं और इस नशे से रेवन्यू भी कमा रहे हैं और  नौजवान पंजाब के बर्बाद हो रहे हैं।  यह बात  आप की ही सहयोगी पार्टी अकाली दल के उप मुख्य मंत्री श्री सुखबीर बादल  ने कही है। अब शक की सुई तो उन्होंने आप की तरफ घुमा दी है। आप को इस बारे में क्या कहना है ? 
0 0 MANNIYE SANSAD JI , MERI SIKAYAT  HAIDERGARH GAS SERVICE KO LEKAR HAI KYOKI GAS UPBHOKTAO KO CAFI SAMSIYA KA SAMNA KARNA PAD RAHA HAI , GAS DISTRIBUTORS DWARA GAS BLACK ME SUPPLY KARDI JA RAHI HAI. GAS AGENCES CONTACT PERSON NO 9450286060 , ISH SAMSYA KA SAMADHAN KARNE KI KRIPA KARE. 
0 0 पुजनीय प्रधान मंत्री जी मै अकेला ही पैंशन आने के बाद जन 2007 से छात्र छात्रोँ तथा आम आदमी को अपने बल और बलभुते पर चम्बा पांगी भरमौर कांगडा जे & के कठुआ पठानकोट के सकूलोँ में लगभग 1000 संस्थानोँ के लग्भग 100000 छात्र छात्राओँ तथा आम आदमी को नशे प्रति जागरुक कर चुका हूँ चम्बा जिला प्रशासन ने मेरा नाम केंद्रीय सरकार को मेरा नाम "वयोश्र्ष्ठा सम्मान " और  "ड्रग अबिऊज" कके लिए 2013 में भेजा था वो मुझे नही मिला शायद अवार्ड की नजरोँ में छोटा आदमी हूँ मेरी कोई एन जी ओ   भी नहीँ  अपने 10,000/रु पैनशन से 
0 0 Education is key to tackling the drug menace in India and  Home and Social education assumes in that direction. On the home front, parents have to set examples for their children and guide them to a right path.  As for social education, it should include School level education, Health education of public by the Health Ministry national and state levels. The message to public SAY NO TO DRUGS through various means should include pros and cons of getting hooked! 
2 0 The two speeches by the Hon Prime Minister on Man Ki Bat had been well made & greatly connected with the every listener & citizen of the Country. There are two more very releven & issues for masses due to which the country & its citizens had been the victim at large; 1. Rampant corruption in the Govt offices 2. Law makers being the biggest Law Breakers including excesses, highhandedness  & apathy of Police  towards common man . I request PM to touch these issues in his own way to reach masse 
1 0 Respected Prime Minister. Thank you very much taking India Forward. I am coming directly to the point, why can't we generate gas from cow Dung(Gobar Gas). fill it up in cylinder. it is present india serving individual home. instead we can generate in lump-sump, fill it up in cylinder. distribute only to that village. - create Jobs in rural - increases milk product - good fertilizer - non hazardous - reduces subsidy problem. many more. it is just my Thought thanks & regards Jois 
1 0 Many Stations (esp. railways) like I frequent Allahabad, Delhi, Nizamuddin, Agra, Mathura etc ... I can say as a layman there is ZERO Security ... no body cares and is serious .. esp. the UP POLICE !!! 
0 0 Pls take care of "SECURITY" .. there are many lacunas ... I frequent Nizamuddin railway station many times and there is no security at all... I have asked officials there to guard but they do not care .. if something happens I will blame you and your govt. as I am writing this on a very serious note.. if you want video .. I have made one ...!!! You may hire private agencies to do audit on security lapses especially in entry exit points all over India... 
1 0 Indulging youth in sports or/and creative arts will help them to channelize their energy in right direction. 
0 0 parents should monitor their children that where they go with whom they are spending time. parents should be very friendly with them as well as with their friends. One more thing is very important that we must know the interest of our children and if we promote their hobby that will make drugs less attractive. 
1 0 To start with selling of gutka should be stopped. Because things start from gutka only. Side effects of drug on individual, on family, on society and on nation should be part of school curriculum. Right from Prep things which are not good for nation and for individual should be made part of school syllabus till Class - 12. Education alone can tackle this menace of drug abuse. 
1 0 Respected sir, I request you to consider incentives for the citizens who do not have any criminal record. The incentives can start after the age of 50 or 55. This will encourage people to avoid any criminal path. Secondly instruct media to stop treating the offenders like a celebrity. Thirdly please instruct the bollywood to stop glamorising gondaas, criminals, wrong habits or rude behaviour or teasing the girls. And stop commercialisation of education system we need more good teacher. 
1 0 Dear Madam/Sir, I have a suggestion to make. Ashrams of Sant Rampal of Hisar and many more in India can be used as a home to all the poor people who don't have roof to stay rather than demolishing them or keeping them locked? These poors can stay there and can be taught to do some kind of Skill Development such as making Ayurvedic medicines or other products. This will help us in eradicating poverty as well as stopping the self styled Godman to flourish in any religion. Regards, Vinay Mishra 
0 0 GOVT.MUSTstart-EXCLUSIVE MEDICAL-SYSTEM-MONITORING WEBSITE-SHALL BE OPERATEDbySPECIAL-PM-DIGITAL BOOTH(@Rs10-Serv.charge+emplymnt generation)Where each&everyDoctors practicing mustB enrolled region/areawise-On this portal.Patient undergoing treatment fromDoctor can Put feedback..for reference to other Patients+Monitoring of Doctors performace/complain-2Govt.Agency+MedicalShop must feed the medicine prescribed by doctor patientwise along-with fee charged bydoctor to monitor--tax/patient interest 
1 0 Sir,  basically to keep the youth and especially the teenagers away from drugs and other such lethal addictions regular watch on them by elders and also making them realise of its evils are such steps which should be implemented at the household level.. And hitting the production and supply of drugs is the responsibility of gov.. Your efforts will go in vain if alcohol is not banned...and the preimposed ban on narcotics is not implemented well... 
0 0 hi sir, i am Divyesh Thakkar from Ahmedabad..i request you to add one thing in your next radio programme. Now a days, youth of our nation are attracting with terrorist union. before few days i we all came to know that boys from bombay joined ISIS...so pls share your viewand request youth to not connect with such activity 
0 0 Please ban Gutka in public places. Most of the Govt offices have Gutka Splits on the walls. There is law on Cigerette the it should not be smoked in public places. but i think no one is following this. we have enough number of laws but only thing is to implement that. 
0 0 । मुझे नहीं पता आजकल वो कहाँ पदस्थ है,लेकिन जहाँ भी है ,जीवन भर अपने आप को अमित कटारिया बना के ही रखे । क्यों की जीवन में सम्पति तो निकृस्ट व्यक्ति भी कमा लेता है लेकिन नाम किसी किसी को ही मिलता है । ** जय हिन्द ** 
0 0 उनके आने से पुरे जिले का प्रशासनिक अमले का रवैया ही बदल गया था ।कुछ दिन के लिए सारे अधिकारी-कर्मचारी इमानदार और कर्तव्यनिस्ट बन गये थे । मैंने एक बात उस समय जो mark किया वो ये है कि पुरे व्यवस्था में सिर्फ एक व्यक्ति के इमानदार हो जाने से इतना बड़ा बदलाव आ जाता है तो अगर कहीं इस व्यवस्था में दस % लोग भी इमानदार हो जाय तो कितना बड़ा परिवर्तन हो जायेगा । मुझे नहीं पता आजकल वो कहाँ पदस्थ है,लेकिन जहाँ भी है ,जीवन भर अपने आप को अमित कटारिया बना के ही रखे । क्यों की जीवन में सम्पति तो निकृस्ट व्यक्ति भ 
0 0 यादों के झरोंखों से....... मुझे याद है वो दौर जब I A S अमित कटारिया बेमेतरा में S D M पोस्टेड होकर आये थे और अवैध कब्जा हटाने का इतना बड़ा अभियान बेमेतरा शहर संहित जिले के पुरे चारो ब्लाक में उन्होंने जिस दबंगी से चलाया था वैसा कभी न तो हुआ था और कभी न हो सकता है ।इस तरह के पात्र सिर्फ फिल्मो में ही देखने को मिलता है। वो बहुत ज्यादा ही पॉपुलर हो गया था । गाँव शहर में लोग आज भी उन्हें याद करते हैं । उनके आने से पुरे जिले का प्रशासनिक अमले का रवैया ही बदल गया था ।कुछ दिन के लिए सारे अधिकारी-कर्मचा 
0 0 nice sir............ 
0 0 ABHISHEK Pareek   1 min ago आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आपका आभार व धन्यवाद, नशे के विषय मे आम लोगों मे जागरूकता लाने हेतू व हेल्प लाईन की स्थापना हेतू , महोदय जी एक और विषय है जिसकी चर्चा हो 'महिला (आधी आबादी ) का सम्मान व सुरक्षा ' क्यों कि हमारे देश मे देवता रहते थे सुना है पर देवता रहते है यह हम नही कह सकते ! नारी सम्मान हो तभी देवता रहेंगे ना . मैने अनुभव किया है कि हर जगह अत्याचार होता है चाहे वह शारीरिक ना हो मगर मानसिक जरूर होता है... बेटी अब तू बडी हो गई है ! आशा करता हू आप मेरी भावना को समझ गये होंगे ! धन्यवाद आपका आम नागरिक 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आपका आभार व धन्यवाद, नशे के विषय मे आम लोगों मे जागरूकता लाने हेतू व हेल्प लाईन की स्थापना हेतू , महोदय जी एक और विषय है जिसकी चर्चा हो 'महिला (आधी आबादी ) का सम्मान व सुरक्षा ' क्यों कि हमारे देश मे देवता रहते थे सुना है पर देवता रहते है यह हम नही कह सकते ! नारी सम्मान हो तभी देवता रहेंगे ना . मैने अनुभव किया है कि हर जगह अत्याचार होता है चाहे वह शारीरिक ना हो मगर मानसिक जरूर होता है... बेटी अब तू बडी हो गई है ! आशा करता हू आप मेरी भावना को समझ गये होंगे ! धन्यवाद आपअभिषेक 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आपका आभार व धन्यवाद, नशे के विषय मे आम लोगों मे जागरूकता लाने हेतू व हेल्प लाईन की स्थापना हेतू , महोदय जी एक और विषय है जिसकी चर्चा हो 'महिला (आधी आबादी ) का सम्मान व सुरक्षा ' क्यों कि हमारे देश मे देवता रहते थे सुना है पर देवता रहते है यह हम नही कह सकते ! नारी सम्मान हो तभी देवता रहेंगे ना . मैने अनुभव किया है कि हर जगह अत्याचार होता है चाहे वह शाररिक ना हो मगर मानसिक जरूर होता है... बेटी अब तू बडी हो गई है ! आशा करता हू आप मेरी भावना  को समझ गये होंगे ! धन्यवाद आपका 
1 0 नशा है नाश का द्वार ..... मत सुन इसकी पुकार ..... इसपर न कर एतवार.... दुत्कार इसे बारबार ! 
0 0 Jai Jinendra to Pradhanmantri Shri Narendra Modi ji... Dhanyawad ye topic maan ki baat mein uthane ke liye...sabse achha tha jab aapne parents ki jimmadari ke baren mein bola..wo bahut jaroori hai aajkal...aapko bahut bahut subhkamnaye ki aap hazaro saal jiye... Next time aap gaushala aur uske importance ka topic uthate... 
0 0 Next can be fake notes & its effects. 
0 0 Sir, It is a great speech to youth against  drugs. 
0 0 The nation and the icon are same. So is my devotion, love and loyalty. The test of loyalty is in action. It is easy to say I love my country but true love and devotion is waiting patiently and silently for the time to become one in mind , body and spirit. God bless this country. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister... I am a avid listener of Mann Ki Baat...and trust me I have become a fan of yours... I would like to bring in to your notice the alarming situation Privatisation of Our Schools and Colleges....If I look back and see my own primary, secondary scholls and colleges, they are struggling for existence...their large class rooms and play grounds find it difficult to attract bare mimimum students to sustain...My primary scholl has become more of a lunch room rather than education center. The common faults with all are being govt run scholls and colleges...private institutions are mushrooming like anything without having proper infrastructure or environment. The school and fees are such that parents think twice before bringing their off springs... Could we not do something about this... 1. Bring proper rule and guidelines for setting up education institute (starting from play groups to colleges & universities) 2. Improve facilities and education standard of public schools and colleges (If our IIT/IIM could find a brand for them selves, why not our schools and colleges) Thanks and regards Sundar Sahu India 3. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, मेरा सपना है कि‍ मैं आपके साथ एक वि‍देश यात्रा पर जाउ। कृपया मेरी आपसे वि‍नती है कि‍ आप मेरी इस वि‍नती को पूर्ण करें। प्‍लीज प्‍लीज प्‍लीज अंकल मेरे इस सपने को साकार करें। मुझे पुरा वि‍श्‍वास है कि‍ आप मेरे इस सपने को साकार करके दि‍खाऍंगे।,मोहि‍त सैनी, सरदारशहर,जि‍ला चूरू,राजस्‍थान-331403 
0 0 Pardhan Mantri ji, I was listening your Mann Ki Baat on Drug menace in India & specially in Punjab. I feel there is very little done on the part of advertisement on TV & other mediums. Like Govt publicized for Tobacco & smoking very extensively about bad affects from them, no such campaigning seen as far as Drug menace is concern. A script for 1/2 to 1 minute must start immediately on air through all mediums of publicity specially at least in Punjab. That script must show the worst affect. 
0 0 I think we can use chemicals or micro-organisms throuh biotechnology to effect the cultivation of such drugs and can save INDIANS 
1 0 The drug menace has particularly affected Punjab and the North East; society has to understand that family responsibility is involved to ensure the children or family members do not take to drugs. The Police can only take action on drug peddlers not stop any one from getting addicted to drugs. The Government can only advice and help de-addiction measures no more no less. Failure of traditional Indian Family values, particularly the Hindu way of life has brought out this problem inflict on India. 
1 0 The drug menace has particularly affected Punjab and the North East; society has to understand that family responsibility is involved to ensure the children or family members take to drugs. The Police can only take action on drug peddlers not stop any one from getting addicted to drugs. The Government can only advice and help de-addiction measures no more no less. The failure of traditional Indian Family values, particularly the Hindu way of life has brought out this problem inflict on India. 
0 1 Honorable Mr. Prime Minister, Firstly I would like to congratulate you for this great initiative to interact with your fellow citizens. I would like to get to your notice the problem of Road Rage. People in our country can get a vehicle without having a license which will further create menace in the society. Sir this should be stopped immediately. While issuing the Registration No., RTO Offices should ask for License of the applicant. I request you to kindly look into this matter. Regards 
1 0 sir todays youth have power thats true but youth are using that power in bad ways to be honest even I will think its not possible to move in Wright way to get a better enjoyable life, our thinkings our works are not having any aim or goal so Sir. I request u to give us a way to move towords success which will be good for country and personally for each induvisual. if u read and give us some suggestion it will be very great for youth people's please sir give us some suggestions thank u 
0 0 Honorable P. M. Mr Narendr a Modi G I always seen u a great ambitious man with lot of courage to take our nation forward. Sir at present all of them are getting education my query is that why the goverment is giving main prefernce for SC/ST...Recent I came across a Airport post there is no opening for the General or BC category...where the Nation says all are one. 
0 0 Honorable  P. M. Mr Narendr a Modi G Congratulaion for remove drugs activity from Yung generation. Again second time congratulations for 21 June world Yoga day 
0 0 Prime minister start very good activity which is more effective in society in whole nation so its a more necessary to continious activity like swach bharat abhiyan its long time process and every event they focus on the core issue after prime minister all minister Mla mp any elected person they follow activity start by prime minister then the result will come Also join all digenatories from all the field with the continious activity Its huge ipmact required,we must support to prime minister 
0 0 First of all like in gujarat everywhere in india alcohol shoud be ristricted. And after that the prevention action of the should be requuired to remove drug and any alcoholic drink from our country. And I wanna tell to public that 1st be responcible citizen after that ask for the facility. Where the glass of water need to clamp with the chain so anyone cannot steal that in public place that country can't get success. So people's thinking need to inprove. 
0 0 Educational institutions, Government and Private Sector employer should ask the potential candidate for "Drug Test Report" from recognized institutions before he/she gets admitted. Source: US system. 
0 0 a very good initiative sir. i want you to discuss on the that how a common man can participate in countering terrorism 
0 0 youth is dying. our three districts bathinda,moga ,. ferozepur & abohar is very seriously gripped with this menace. pm sir please do not look for vote bank. if you are really the person who goes into his words please save punjab. these akalis will kill punjab . one day it will be lost by its own rulers. here whenever police is not in tune with someone. they throw a case of drugs on it & puts them in lockup. pm please save our punjab. not only punjab whole india you have taken very serious matter 
0 0 in our state where state government is directly linked with the drug menace the efforts need to be more strict than ever because the revenue size is so big & the concerned trade owners are openly saying that we are giving part to the government who has the guts to stop us . youth is dying. if pm is really serious about it than some necessary action should be taken immediately because if it is late than it should be very late. time is now fxxk off these akalis . save our punjab . i am looking 
0 0 Stock of Banned Drugs should be made mandatory to be updated by every medical store online on daily basis. a regular check to be initiated at desired frequency be district civil surgeon. & the report of civil surgeon should be tallied with manufacturer figures. coucillors should be given more & more powers to atleast retrieve the families which are suffering. i have seen some cases where parents are helpless because they can not see their child dying.hence big giants should feel the tightness no 
0 0 We should have robust monitoring system and well equipped police . Untill and unless we ll not come out of the preset mind that constable should be lowly paid , without vehicle going for search. We have to recruit young cyber sleuths with well paid salaries equivalent tp pvt . sector . How young engg. services be utilized to counter the menance of drugs etc. 
0 0 Its not a matter of treatment to drug addict, we should focus on the reasons of increasing drug addicts . Its very common these days to encourage young students of school in this drug menace.Their is no curriculum to educate students about drug abuse.The road side shackle dhabas, tea vendors are major source of drug available centers in rural folks.This doesnt mean we strike on these people , but its very lucarative buisness for these people.The moral education is limited to only text books.. 
0 0 We need collaboration in Medical and Legal system. When a Drug addict comes to a Doctor for withdrawal treatment he should be investigated retrospectively for the source from where they are getting drugs from by the Police and when a racket is caught by police, there should be a prospective investigation to catch and treat addicts by medical help from Doctors. This way with this collaboration there will be complete elimination soon. 
0 1 Kya Modiji itna views logo ne diye kuch thos kadam uthane ke baare me kuch bhi nahin bola..... #MODIJI #BOLBACHAN 
2 0 Our beloved PM,s attention is yet to be drawn to the plight of several lakhs of of people whose Cases are pending in different Courts from Magistrate Court to Supreme Court without any hearing for several years, for want of adequate number of Judges posted in these courts. Even the Cases of Senior Citizens and retired people do not get any preference in listing their Cases,as a result they seldom get justice in life time.  A.P High court dealing service matters stopped hearing old pending 
0 0 Say no to reservation Say no to drugs Say no to bribe Say no to corruption 
0 0 First we have to motivate the youngsters towards the sports, YOGA and basic moral education so that they can understand their value . the second one plz dont critisize others if you are not getting the things as you want so dont blame government as the government can only provide you the facilities but if we are not maintaining it it is not possible to fight only for one thing again n again. The youth is very dipressed bcoz oof not getting job. Plz modi ji open some areas for them. no reservat 
0 0 We are present in over 19 cities in India. We are Narcotics Anonymous. Please contact us for any help in this matter. Our website: www.naindia.in 
0 0 We offer a workable solution to the problem of drug addiction. We offer a program of recovery from drug addiction. We are Narcotics anonymous. Further details at: www.naindia.in 
1 0 Increase funds for sports activity for colleges and schools. Playing makes mind relaxed. Make sports activities mandatory for all the students. 
0 0 Generally the journey of Drugs, starts in high school or colleges, as a 'fun-thing'. Gradually it gains the status of 'being modern'. The youngster keep polluting their blood in mere peer-pressure. The fake 'oomph factor' associated with drug, needs to be curbed. The problem in our system is 'loose execution' of the law and time taking judiciary. Severe and quick punishment should be given to all thoseinvolved in this vicicous circle of death from the supplier to the consumer of the drugs. 
0 0 Stop this idiotic activities of "Conversion to Hinduism" by the RSS and affiliate organizations. These are impediments in the progress of Good Governance Work. Be smart and do not give any excuses to lose working days in the parliament please !! 
0 1 No body here wins election for governing people. All are here to build their own empires. 
0 1 If you can give a solution to our helplessness due these shameless politicians. 
0 1 that too in a city like Mumbai 
0 1 Sir, We are poor taxpayers without any returns. If 66 years after independence my Govt is unable to give me basic infrastructure like good roads, allow the Britishers to rule the country again. 
0 0 sir you are in favor of digital India. if the currency digitization possible please do it. i think maximum problem is solve 
0 0 all the issues like drug menace and corruption is only happen due to the cash transaction. please please think about the transaction by check or through bank. cash in hand of youth misuse by youth. this is the concrete solution for the misuse of Indian currencies. 
0 0 Dear PM, It look like your Govt is talking lot more. I request please focus to convert your talks in action.RAPE are still on ARE you talks "these kind of Acche DIN". Pls answer 
0 0 Set a 2020 vision 'healthy,creative,educated & safe next generation' & have a long term strategy.Also let us go with 5 building block approach of 1.Policy of zero tolerance to drug mafia 2. Building robust digital system for real time "children & youth risk management" 3. Education for parents & schools (on child/youth psychology & leadership mentoring ) 4.Empowering children & youth to know what is right & wrong way & make their own decisions from young age. 5.Active youth engagement in policy. 
2 0 Again, I want to stress good cops are a need for the country. Sincere dutiful policeman should be available. I know hostels are store houses of drugs. Go to any rich college /NRI hostel and you can contact me if you do a raid and do not find drugs. I personally have seen and known how they get it.Even Medical colleges have it...Please do this investigation and see what you reveal.. The top notch hostels will have all this breeding..Name the college and you will see .. in Boy's hostels 
0 0 Youtube is used by youth to get first hand details of all the unwanted things into their brain. Please make Youtube selective like China.. Please make filtering a mandate in our country.. Music like trans, Rock and some other forms believe in taking drugs to get the feel, this is now adays the culture through pubs and other forms. We should educate our youth as to how the culture is different and we cannot ape WEST 
1 0 # Google provides complete detail of everything whatever u write whether it is beneficial or harmful,it must be filtered to save society+humanity. # Advertisements of beer/alcohol/drugs/rapes/vulgarity/nudity must be banned on TV+Movie+Magazines # Must research the vaccine to make person anti-drugs/alcoholic # Must research medicines which can help person to get rid of this disease. # If prices of any drugs/alcohol will increase then definately crime increase # Boost TV for anti-drug/alcohol adv 
1 0 आज जिस तरीके से परिवारो में अलगाव आने लगा है , पाँव छूकर प्रणाम , और सर में हाथ रखकर आशीर्वाद देने की जो परम्परा विलुप्त हो गयी है टच एंड फील खत्म हो गया है. संस्कार बचो में आज इंटरनेट -टेलीविज़न , सिनेमा दे रहा है . आज लोग अपने आप , परिवेश से खुश नहीं है , जल्दी जल्दी ये तकनिकी बदलाव आज के युवाओ को कन्फूज कर रहा है. ५ वी क्लास तक उमंग -मस्ती , की पाठशाला होना चाहिए , कॉन्फिडेंस बिल्डिंग पाठ होना चाहिए ,जो रैकेट चल रहा है, बच्चो से काम करवाना , भीख मगवाना उस पर अंकुश लगाना पड़ेगा. 
0 0 I want to take this opportunity to initiate discussion on a similar upcoming problem with most of our children, youth and even some oldies of "COMPUTER GAMING". I feel this is a problem  which is silently killing lot of people & family and will very soon explode and will take over the damages due to substance drug abuse. This is to be addressed immediately by putting ban on ON LINE GAMING. Art of living courses should be made compulsory in all schools, colleges and offices. 
0 0 HEARD THE MANN KI BAAT ON 14 DEC. GREAT GOING. KEEP UP THE DIALOG. @ VISITING TO NORTH EAST. - I HAVE ONE REMARK TO MAKE. I HAVE BEEN TO SIKKIM TWICE. BOTH TOMES BY ROAD FROM MAHARASHTRA. THE ROAD CONDITION FROM KOLKATA TO SILIGURI AND SILIGURI TO GUWAHATI IS IN VERY BAD SHAPE. YES ITS A GREAT IDEA. BETTER ROAD CONDITION WILL REALLY HELP THIS CAUSE. MILIND PIMPRIKAR 
0 0 Cond...THE OFFICIALS IN TYE JOB OF CREATING THE REQUISITE INFRASTUCTURE FOR PROVIDING SOLACE TO THE VICTIMS OF THIS DANGEROUS 'ILL' MUST BE CONSCIOUS OF THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DEALING WITH THE ALL IMPORTANT SOCIO-MEDICAL ISSUE OF UTMOST NATIONAL IMPORTANCE CONCERNING THE FUTURE OF OUR YOUTH. One should not lose sight of the fact that YOUTH ARE THE FUTURE OF ANY COUNTRY. Any issue which revolves around youth, especially when it comes to standing by them in the state of  distress, STANDS APART 
0 0 All stakeholders need to  be integrated in   eradicating the menace of drug addiction in our society. The  Hon'ble PM in his 'Mann ki Baat' Radio Programme the other day has identified the three prominent stakeholder as family, friends and the society. These three stakeholders joining hands together in mitigating the MANACE OF DRUG FROM THE FIBRE OF OUR SOCIETY, THUS FREEING  IT OF THIS EVIL 
0 0 Cond...THE OFFICIALS IN TYE JOB OF CREATING THE REQUISITE INFRASTUCTURE FOR PROVIDING SOLACE TO THE VICTIMS OF THIS DANGEROUS 'ILL' MUST BE CONSCIOUS OF THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DEALING WITH THE ALL IMPORTANT SOCIO-MEDICAL ISSUE OF UTMOST NATIONAL IMPORTANCE CONCERNING THE FUTURE OF OUR YOUTH. One should not lose sight of the fact that YOUTH ARE THE FUTURE OF ANY COUNTRY. Any issue which revolves around youth, especially when it comes to standing by them in the state of  distress, STANDS APART 
0 0 1.Aantankwadio ka saath dene walo ka speedy trail ke tahat sajaye maut himilni chahiye iske siva aur kuchh nhi desh ki surska se koi compramise nhi     2.Child ki surska ke maamle me bhi kari kari law ho iski taskari ke maamle me me v koi compermise nhi aise person ka kabhi bhi jamaanat na ho 
0 0 SIR thank u so much for the concern shown towards one of the major social problems that our country face today and thanks for the wonderful speech. drug addict students can be easily spotted in class rooms and every school should have a teacher  to whom such cases shall be reported either by students or teachers who shall advice the students or if the problem is serious refer them to deaddiction centers. early intervention can go a long way towards curbing this menace 
0 0 Contd...It is essential that the Drug de-addiction Centres  are not get embroiled in the bureaucratic intricacies as, as of now, these are inextracticably knitted in the Official mechanism. TO THOSE IN THE OFFICIAL SET UP ENTRUSTED WITH THIS NOBLE TASK, IT SHD BE CLEAR THAT THEY NEED TO BE EXTRA SENSITIVE AS THEY ARE DEALING WITH 
0 0 Contd...However, it would not be out of place to discuss here the cantours of the unique co-operation of family, friends and society in 'bidding goodbye' to the dastardly drug menace. For this to succeed, it is important that Official agencies whether of Central Government or the State Govt. should extend all the requisite infrastructure make it possible. DRUG DE-ADDICTION CENTRES WITH ALL THE PRE-REQUISITES ARE ONE OF THE MOST ESSENTIAL COMPONANT WHICH CAN BE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GOVT. ONLY. 
0 0 All stakeholders need to  be integrated in   eradicating the menace of drug addiction in our society. The  Hon'ble PM in his 'Mann ki Baat' Radio Programme the other day has identified the three prominent stakeholder as family, friends and the society. These three stakeholders joining hands together in mitigating the MANACE OF DRUG FROM THE FIBRE OF OUR SOCIETY, THUS FREEING  IT OF THIS EVIL 
0 0 PARENTS SHOULD TAKE CARE ABOUT THE ACTIVITIES OF CHILDREN... DRUG FREE ZONE created in red youth fun zone. 
0 0 Drug free India 
0 0 Since the problem of drug is more in urban population, clubs & NGOs like Rotary Clubs, Lions Clubs and Jaycees club should be requested to undertake this job. Rotary has done wonderful work in Polio program they can be roped in this mission also. Further for the eradication of culprits judicial process need to be fastened, modern method of police investigation be adopted. Anti narcotics department & Police force should be revamped by modernizing them with new modern equippments. 
1 0 the boy who have good character has to suffer a lot who want to be a good in deed he get reward of dishonoured.the people who have good qualification and good nature will not be counted to be part of society until he get a job or have a reputed institution.it is also observed that a boy who is not educated nor have any good talents is found that he travel in cars and have lot of money and honor and power.but the educated one no value.until this aspect get change nothing will change. 
0 0 the boys fell down in society and home when they face the real world where people cheat and manipulate other for their personal benefits so they think that .the small class studies such as honesty,morality,believing,sharing,helping,etc which make a child know all this.but in real practical field nothing such is found as if you get to be honest,people comment you the fool.if you ask somebody polite he give you a rough attitude,if you help other without personal benefit then you never get any help 
0 0 sir the way to recover the brothers and sister who have run on this path from long time is hard one but for that we have to try a solution which atleast make them love their life and for that we have to see what the point of begining of this line right now .we have to make them help to throw drugs out of them.the person in hard situation have drug as their best friend the people friends and relative leave them in hard time.the boy who is not capable to make good work for family to be happy 
0 0 as the failure in practical life .the boys with good qualification have no work to do they feel hard to face their parents.as a parent sacrifice their life.and in return he gives only pain to his parents as the boy who are open hearted get much addicted to this drugs .seeing his past he feel down as he fail many time he make his mind filled with shame emotional activities but no care of it people use to readdress his faults but no way for change. jindagi mein rakha kya hai mar jana hai aise hi 
0 0 the people make them driven again on the same path.some boys had realized about his past mistakes and the problem raised of his mistake.and but have no one to care or share their pain they feel alone.as he see that his parent get problem he feel that my life is finished as i cant fulfill my parent need.the boys who are single boy of their parents on whom the old parent depend on him.as they have no one to perform the duty of their family this make them feel ashamed that why i got this life. 
0 0 the point you said is the right one sir that the people had made a believe that those doing this drug use are divided in a another part of bad boys group or any thing else.the people donot tell that the use of drug is bad they use to say that this are the bad group of boys as they use drug or ant toxic drink.some of them think that the group is a criminal group which cant work for good cause.they never try to teach them politely or with love.if some boy try to leave it,people comment drunk or no 
0 0 yesterday i listen to the air and i really heard clearly for your terms and condition.i like it as the emotional factor are raised for it.sir i have seen the main thing in locality is that as boys are getting in drugs because they have only friend of them.the disorder of mind make them much diverted towards drugs and alchohal and etc.as i noticed that people make them bound to get in the track.every body less or more want prestige and value.people who are smart here use to break there confidence 
1 0 मैंने मन की बात सुनी मगर यह सुनकर मुझे यह अच्छा नहीं लगा क्योंकि पिछले दिन मैंने सिगरेट पर एक बात सुनी की सरकार ने खुले में सिगरेट बेचने से मना किया लेकिन बंद नहीं की जबकि गाँव या शहर में आज भी इस बात का कोई असर नहीं है क्यो ? बीडी या सिगरेट में भरकर ही लोग गांजा चरस जैसी नशीली चीजो का सेवन करते है जरूरी है इसे रोकना क्योंकि  मिडिल क्लास वाला इसका प्रयोग बीडी या जर्दा में भरकर इसका सेवन करता है PM SIR से निवेदन हैअगर रोकना है तो दुसरे देशो की तरह इन्हें रोको बीडी, सिगरेट, जर्दा. गुटका | धन्यवाद 
0 0 The person or organization indulging in this crime are nothing less that the hard-core traitors & deserve to be deprived any place in the community forever so that the disease does not become an epidemic.  Just like the eradication of Smallpox or Polio achieved by the dedicated people through sheer commitment & follow-up & unlimited determination. 
0 0 Thanks for asking my views. Young children and teenagers are innocent and they are easy victims. after the age of 12-14 in schools a subject on ill effects of drugs plus health issues like food habits, yoga etc should compulsorily be included in syllabus. To control supply strict action should be taken against drug trafficking by amending law & also making judicial process fast.  Use of technology, things like lie detector in courts for witnesses, electronic surveillance in prone areas bedone 
1 0 YOG ( spiritual and ascetic discipline, a part of which, including breath control, simple meditation, and the adoption of specific bodily postures, is widely practised for health and relaxation)means YOG (जोड़ना ) will help the movement 
1 0 A School without Play Ground creates unhealthy youth of Nation having seek mind and weak Body..Give important to healthy sports with Cultural Activities .. Please Please try to decrease only informative education which creates only Book Worm will harm to Nation 
1 0 sir.. you are right we have to discus same in the forum of Parliament and conclude it with positive manner in the interest of Nation .same matter we have have to various forum on international level ..this clip will also help for that purpose https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCjUuZD8mc0 
1 0 Sir.. you are right https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rPFvLUWkzs enough to understand the fact 
0 0 BHARAT KI SHAKTI YUVA SHAKTI ISE BACHANA HAI AUR NASHA KO DOOR BHAGANA HAI 
0 0 AAJ BHARAT KA HAR GHAR BARBAAD HAI, KHARAB HAI, GARIB HAI, UDAASH HAI, KAMJOR HAI, LAACHAR HAI, BEBASH HAI ISKA EK HI KAARAN HAI GHAR KE BHAWISHYA YUVA NASHA SE SARABOR HAI 
0 0 HUM SABHI BHARAT  VASHIYO SE PRARTHNA KARTE HAI KI WISHWA PATAL PER APNE KO SWAABHIMANI , ATUL, SAMPURNA , WISHWA GURU, SHANTI, AAMAN, CHAIN, BANANA HAI TO BHARAT KO NASHA MUKTA BANANA HOGA YE HUM SABO KA YAGYA HAI 
0 0 "MAAN KI BAAT" YANE KI SAMPURNA BHARAT KO MAHAAN BANANE KI BAAT AKHAND BHARAT KI BAAT, DESH PREM KI BAAT, SWABHIMAAN BHARAT KI BAAT, AATULYA BHAARAT KI BAAT, 
0 0 PARAM PUJYA PRADHAN MANTRI JI, NITYA DINO KA CHARAN SPARSH, AAPNE JO MAAN KI BAAT ME JO YE GAMBHIR MUDAA UTHAYA HAI YE SAHI MAYENE ME EK JATIL SAMSHYA HAI JISE HAR EK HINDUSTANI KO SOCHANA AUR SAMJHNA HOGA JAAGNA HOGA, JAGAANA HOGA . 
0 0 we have to ensure that youngsters are diverted to more constructive work and mindset..if work and studies would be fun they would not try to pass time by indulging in such activities.... also we should try to spread that there is nothing cool about having drugs ....cool quotient is one of the main reason behind youngsters having drugs.. in the end i would want to add that " drugs are for sick " ... 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानसेवक जी, मेरी पत्नी National Drug Dependent Treatment Centre, गाज़ियाबाद में कार्यरत है जो की AIMMS,Delhi के अंतर्गत आता है.. आपकी आज की गयी मन की बात सुनकर मैंने उससे इस बारे में पूछा तो पता चला की सरकारी जमीन पर विश्व स्वास्थ्य संगठन से मिल रहे पैसे से यह संस्थान चलाया जा रहा है लेकिन इन कर्मचारियों के अनियमित वेतन व उच्च अधिकारियों की अनदेखी के चलते इस नशारूपी राक्षस से निजात पाना मुश्किल है. कृपया इस पर विचार करें..। 
0 0 sir, samradhi ke baad agar energy ko sahi direction nahi milta hai to yahi hota hai,kya punjab ki yuva sakti k saath bhi yahi ho raha hai?aur yahi norh east main bhi ho raha hai.is yuva sakti ko ground main nikhar kar hum khailo main mahasakti nahi ban skte? 
0 0 I think if we hynotize the addicted person & remove from his memory that was addicted.Plz discuss on hynotizing with phychatrist special american as shown on discovery channel 
0 0 The other things that could be done is: 1) provide cretch systems at government offices so that the children are in safe hands when there parents are not at home. 2) There should be children cretches which could be run by senior citizens such that they pass their time and also the kids get right education and spiritual orientation from them. 
1 0 Respected Sir, I truly believe that we are educating are kids but not educating them culturally as we no longer are staying in joint family systems so there is no person at home who teaches the child the difference between right and wrong. I truly believe that we have teaching of cultural values at the grass root or school level for e.g there is dr. dharmadhikari prathisthan who is trying to educate spiritually many people from the lower castes thus indirectly there children follow the same. 
0 0 Also Sir,in selling of hooch anti-social elements gets support of very low level administration,so this way control less anti-social activity widely spread in society and lots of families in society goes in depth of sorrow out of which they never come out,so according to us this is massacre of entire society and it should be stooped effectively 
1 0 यह समस्याका समाधान आसान नही है. ईसपर कानूनन और सभी को साथमे लेना जरुरी है.शिक्षा संस्थानोको साथमे लेकर ऊनकी जिम्मेदारी तय करके  उसपर चौमुखी प्रहार करनेकी नीति अपनानेसे कुछ संभावना बन सकताी है.होस्टलोंपर अचानक जाँच करके दोशी विद्यार्थीयोंके खिलाप सख्त कारवाई और कारोबारियोंपर सख्तसे सख्त कारवाई करके जिसके लिये विशेष अदालतोंमे शीघ्र कारवाईअपेक्षित है.कुल मिलाके ईस विशयको जितना गँभीर लेंगे ऊतना ही परिणाम आ सकता है 
0 0 Sir, Along with this hooch(country made liquor) in state of Gujarat is having same kind of 3D effect on entire family because when it is consumed by earning member it takes future of family kids in darkness,it destruct entire families economical condition,since earning member earns very less(is widely consumed by weaker section of society considering it's low price) & in-spite of that he spend more than 50 to 60% of his earning in it, lastly it devastate not only a family but entire society. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , देश नशे की गिरफ्त में दिनों दिन जकड़ता जा रहा है हमने छोटे छोटे बच्चों को नशा करते हुए देखा है चर्चा के दौरान उन लोगों ने यही बताया कि वो नशे की गिरफ्त में कब आ गए उन्हें पता ही नहीं चला हालाँकि ये जवाब भ्रामक है ,फिर मैंने सोचा कि इन लोगों को भावनात्मक स्पर्श की जरुरत है साथ ही ये भी सोचा नशे के मूल श्रोतों पर गहरी चोट करने की जरुरत है ताकि पहले नशे का बेतहाशा विस्तार रुके फिर नशेबाजों को सही रह पर लाने की कोशिश हो। 
0 0 Thanks to Hon'ble PM for raising the issue of preventing drug abuse and de-addiction and the role of all sections in addressing this menace. I request the PM to similarly address the nation on smoking and drinking evils which are leading to lakhs of deaths and innumerable crimes against women children and against society. Similarly Hon'ble PM may also request all people to restrain against abuse of religion for selfish ends to enable keeping peace and security in the country.Mankibaath is good 
0 0 1. Govt to supply alternate drugs to all those who are addicted at a lesser price. So that they can be identified and treated. 2. The prices of Marijuana may be increased and the same should be purchased by the Govt (for medicinal purpose) so that the availability would be less. 3. Strict monitoring of Cultivation of those plants 4. People who are involved in supplying drugs should be taught and rehabilitated. 5. Those patients need lifestyle & behavioral therapy & monitored regularly. 
0 0 जो मुख्य निशाना है यानी की युवा, उन्हें स्कूल्स व कॉलेज में जाकर जागरूक  किया जाए एवं इसके नुकसान के बारे में जानकारी दी जाए।  नशे की अल्टरनेटिव दवाओ को प्रतिबंधित किया जाए , दवा विक्रेताओं व क्रयकर्ताओ पर कड़ी निगरानी हो। विदेशी से  होने  वाले  व्यापार पर भी पैनी नज़र रखना आवश्यक है,  जिनके माध्यम में इनका आयात होना संभावित है। देश को कमज़ोर करने की दृष्टी से भी ऐसे कारोबार को फैलाने की साजिश के एक पक्ष होने को  नाकारा नहीं जा सकता। 
0 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी, आपका  "मन की बात" आकाशवाणी कार्यक्रम द्वारा 'ड्रग एडिक्शन / ड्रग मेनिस' पर चर्चा करना एवं अपने विचारो  को  प्रकट  सराहनीय  है। यह issue देश एवं पूर्ण विश्व के लिए घातक  है और गंभीर विषय  भी। भारत का युवा यानी भारत का भविष्य भी इससे अछूता नहीं है। अब इस गंभीर बिमारी को जड़ से उखाड़कर फेका कैसे जाए। मेरे विचार में सबसे पहले आवश्यकता जागरूकता की, जो घर से शुरू हो। घरो तक जा कर लोगो को इसकी  जानकारी  दी जाए| 
0 0 To dear NaMo, Honorable and people's Prime Minister. I would like to make a request for 'Maan Ki Baat' initiative. "Maan Ki Baat' is a great platform where a PM can establish communication ('Samvad') with people. I see this as a forum where a government is in direct contact with people. Hence, my request is - Can we start sharing the great work done (which generally not present in news)by different people like bureaucrats, diplomats or any other person who has contributed to India. It'll Inspire 
0 0 Identity crisis- the basic cause of social unrest & bad behaviour Fall out: School dropping out, Drug addiction, Unacceptable social behaviour like atrocities towards the females, antinational activities, terrorism, religious fanaticism, intolerance of all kinds, etc. Solution: Integrate family & community, create basic infrastructure, compulsory enrolment in schools, provide meals and shelter, create productive assets/ vocation for livelihood to all, enable children to dream and aspire to grow 
0 0 Need to have strong check on medical shops selling medicines as drugs. I had once complained about one such shop to Delhi police but nothing happened. We should provide a digital window that is online platform to enable citizens share information on drugs. And concerned authorities should declare in public as response to such complaints and information online 
0 0 PM Sir. We are very happy to see your concern and initiatives towards directing young generation away from drug abuse. Request to look into the reason why they start drug abuse. One main reason very large % young generation stuck in false legal cases without getting justice for years together. this is the main reason for drug abuse. Request to bring reforms in judicial system for timely justice, gender neutral laws. Pl abolish the system of proving innocence which  is against natural justice. 
0 0 Sir aaj aapko thnx bolna chahunga kyoki aapne hamari man ki bat ko aapne apni man ki bat me rakha 
0 0 Sir!! can we expect your next mann kin baat on clean ganga campaign? i want you to speak on methods every citizen has to follow inorder to contribute to clean maata  ganga. 
0 0 Thank u modi ji!Your mann ki baat today on drug menace was fantastic and i hope it would touch millions of our brothers and sisters who were inbibed by this menace. I really wish my fellow country men who are facing this menace to come out quickly and thus help our nation to grow strong.Also sir toll free numb idea was good and i really look forward indian govt implemetning this idea. All the best 
0 0 Pm sir first of i would like to appreciate u sir for u r novel ideas .no pm or president in the world reaching people like u sir .we are very happy u as ur pm .not only drugs sir gutkha these things must be banned And toll free no to the people to complain against those who r selling those 
0 0 Thanks for talking to us on Mann ki Baat and touching lives. Since we consider our youth to be our greatest resource compared to an ageing Europe it was an apt topic. Thanks once again for being a constant source of inspiration. 
0 0 Sorry for the spelling of our respected PM in my earlier post ab 
0 0 go toshop and if found again it willnt be good for his future,request govt to help them providing education ,eradicate poverty completely and make india as the richest nation by education,bussiness, 
0 0 Eradicate poverty by moving children found begging in trains to shops,schools.I REQUEST  Govt to work on this children,adults found working in wrong areas,transfer them  to areas where skills can be utilised .God has gifted brain to all but if one doesnt gets pathit becomes waste.Our Honourable  PM understands understands better than me. I saw a boy begging undressed in short pants while travelling by train from NGP- drgI Saw a glow(shine) in his face and I thought to offer clothes go to a shop 
0 0 Today's mann ki baat by 'oodiji was quite inspiring and motivating where he has highlighted on the issues like not the outside world but also the home environment can be a deterimental factor for this. I feel this problem some discussed more frequently the world we are moving around i.e. schools, neighbourhood, home and even media can  also be involved in this and help spread knowledge and awareness about the ill effects of drugs. 
0 0 In India every citizen follow others but they forget that what ever he/she do any thing other follow them; so first thing is that when you respect your-self then their was no tension; after that no Drugs must not require; stop follow create yourself as a safe soul. no need to frustration at last you can not take any thing so you give some valuable thing to the society. 
1 0 Narcotics Anonymous (NA) is a world-wide fellowship of men and women for whom drugs had become a major problem. We are recovering addicts who meet regularly to help each other stay clean. Membership in NA is completely free. The only requirement is the “desire to stop using drugs”. http://naindia.in/. All India meeting list http://naindia.in/meetings/. NA works with governments in many countries. Please help us to help millions of our brothers and sisters who are suffering! 
0 0 sir dhanewaad  aaj ap ko Redio par  sunkar achha lag ap ne kitni jimewari hum bachacho ko smjhaya ap baat logo dilo tak pahuch gaye 
0 0 Respected Modiji, your talks are always inspiring and remind us of the values and ethics that were predominant in our culture but are sadly forgotten. Wish you all the best and hope that this continues as our people have a poor memory! Please talk about women safety also sometime in your programme. The unsupervised access to internet sites and loose law structure are encouraging this disturbing change in human behaviour. This needs to be addressed as a nation, as an individual. 
0 0 We all seek a world full of bliss. The harsh reality often takes people seeking other means to achieve happiness. The true bliss is within ourselves. Our old civilization and scriptures have taught thousands of years back to control our mind from delusions so it can concentrate on our true Origin. Alas, this is not taught in any of our schools. My humble request is to mandate this teaching to all our youths and adults alike. If taught, I think Indians can learn this quicker than others! 
0 0 Honourable PM Its good that you talked about drug problem. In Punjab as you may be knowing drug mafia is very strong and many of them have political links. A serious effort needs to be made to control them by your intervention. Youth in Punjab should be guided towards the right path either by encouraging them into Games, Study and also bringing change in mind-set using various means so that energy can be channelized towards a right direction. 
0 0 Have a great sunday 
0 0 Recpected sir, Mann ki baat programme se judkar bahut accha lagta hai. Aap hamesha hum sabhi ka margdarshan karte rahen yahi aap se vinamra prarthana hai . Thankyou sir 
0 0 Contd...One can only hope that wise and right counsel given by the Hon'ble PM in his Radio Programme today is taken by all authorities, whether of the Central Government or of the State Governments, in its true and right spirit. Drug addiction is turning out to be the greatest evil in our contmporary society. All-out fight against it has become a challenge, a challenge to be taken up unsparengly to take it on right in front. DRUG ADDICTION, WHICH IS 'INFECTING' YOUTH, MUST BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. 
0 0 Contd...One can only hope that wise and right counsel given by the Hon'ble PM in his Radio Programme today is taken by all authorities, whether of the Central Government or of the State Governments, in its true and right spirit. Drug addiction is turning out to be the greatest evil in our contmporary society. All-out fight against it has become a challenge, a challenge to be taken up unsparengly to take it on right in front. DRUG ADDICTION, WHICH IS 'INFECTING' YOUTH, MUST BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. 
0 0 Contd...All efforts at preventing the Drug menace from entering the realm of our society notwithstanding, if this manace has somewhere, somehow 'stung' in our society, "the family, the friends and the society should work together", as the Hon'ble PM has very rightly counselled. FIGHTING THE DRUG MENACE HAVING EVIL DESIGNS SHD BE ONE OF TOP PRIORITIES FOR IN THE SERVICE OF OUR NATION. WE OWE IT TO OURSELVES AND THE PISTERITY, TO THE AND THE FUTURE, FORGETTING THE PAST, HAVING DRAWN RIGHT LESSONS. 
0 0 The Hon'ble Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, in his Radio Broadcast 'Man ki Baat' has very rightly obsreved that Drug addiction is a psycho-socio-medical problem which creates nothing  but THREE Ds -- DARKNESS, DESTRUCTION AND DEVASTATION. This  problem has the 'potential to' completely and irrevocably devastate  and destroy the lives of those fallen prey to it and, thus, put the entire social fabire along with their own future under darkness. WHILE STATE OWES RESPONSIBILITY, PUBLIC TOO HAS. 
0 0 Contd..."NIP THE EVIL IN THE BUD" should be the tagline to vanish the Drug menace from our society so that the social fabire could be saved of "Darkness, Destruction and Devastation". The counsel of the Hon'ble PM in his Radio Broadcast today that the family of the youth could  save the situation by talking it out with the youth the moment they watch anything unusual in the behaviour of the youth. THIS SMALL BUT SIGNIFICANT EFFORT ON THEIR PART WILL BE OF VERY LONG STANDING. SPARE NO EFFORT. 
0 0 The Hon'ble Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, in his Radio Broadcast 'Man ki Baat' has very rightly obsreved that Drug addiction is a psycho-socio-medical problem which creates nothing  but THREE Ds -- DARKNESS, DESTRUCTION AND DEVASTATION. This  problem has the 'potential to' completely and irrevocably devastate  and destroy the lives of those fallen prey to it and, thus, put the entire social fabire along with their own future under darkness. WHILE STATE OWES RESPONSIBILITY, PUBLIC TOO HAS. 
0 0 Namaste Modiji Man ki baat me aaj ka vishay sarahaniye tha shayad pehle bar kisee leader ne aisa soocha hoga sir drugs mukt yuva ho iske liye unhe school level se hi shikshit karna chahiye bachcho ki har harkat ki jankari unke abhibhavko ko rakhni chahiye aur sarkar ko bhi drugs mafia ke khilaf karwahi karni hogi jisse hamara youth safe rahe 
0 0 The country in which I live in, it's very difficult to get drugs which makes usage of drugs very uncommon in this country. I request the gov. to make sure that getting drugs is next to impossible in the country. We can also carry out campaings where drugs, alcohol, tobacco addicts are shown as villains and not comsuming it is stylish and cool. Just like the mentality we have now obtained for Swatch Bharat Abhiyan...cleaning India is cool! 
1 0 the people who disregard and disrespect females should be treated in the same way.This is the only way i guess disrespect women can be stopped....please sir discuss about the empowerment of women that's the important thing that the Indian society needs right now.. 
2 0 Sir. Please pay attention to education loan interest rates which is costlier than car and home loan as education is far more important than car and home 
0 0 respected sir today i heard your words at mann ki baat .sir  you told the real truth it is so hard yo see our brother around smoking and following other bad habits. i am so proud to have you as our prime minister. as always your  words were so inspirational thank you and jay hind . 
1 0 आदरणीय मोदी जी ा मैने आपको मन की बात पा सुना ा  मैने IIT(BHU), वाराणसी से अभियांत्रिकी स्नातक हूँ और अभी दुबई मे कार्यरत हूँ ा IIT में छात्र सही आते है लेकिन वहाँ के माहौल से नशा फैलता है ा कुछ सीनियर छात्रावास में मार्गदर्शन के नाम पर छात्रों से नशा करवाते है ा हमारे समाज में जागरूकता कम है अभी भी छात्रो को नही पता कि वो सुनहरे भविष्य के लिए कया करे ा नशा करने को बड़ा बहादुरी का काम दिखाया जाता है ा अगर हम छात्रो को कैरियर के लिए मार्ग दर्शन दे पाए तो हम इस नशे की जटिलता को तोड़ सकते है ा शिक्षकों और छात्रो मे काफ़ी मतभेद है इसलिए इस पर ऐसे लोगों लगाने होंगे जिन पर छात्र भरोसा रखे ा हर शैक्षणिक संस्थान के कुछ वर्तमान और पुराने छात्रो की एक टीम काम कर सकते है ा मै भी इस पर काम करने का इच्छुक हूँ गौरव गर्ग 
1 0 यह सुन कर खुशी हई कि मोदी जी अापने अांतकवाद और नशा जो मिलकर हमारे देश को बर्बाद कर रहे हैं इसके बारे में सभी भारतवासियों को "मन की बात" कार्यकरम में अवगत करवाया है। हमें जल्द से जल्द इस बात को समझना होगा। ।। जय माँ भारती ।। 
0 0 Dear Modi ji, 'Man Ki Baat' programme on 14th December is very nice. I would request you to kindly share the details about measures taken by the government to prevent drug trafficking in the next programme. Thanks. 
1 0 Please make Mann Ki Baat accessible live on the internet. Also make a dial in service where we can dial a number and hear the program. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir ,request  all the print,audio and visual media to advertise against drugs as part of their social commitment. 
0 0 Dear Sir,please block the porn sites it is also a one of the reason of drugs consuming 
0 0 Kids who will be planning to consume drugs in parties may get the reality if you would broadcast it at night. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, I believe most kids start out with drugs at parties/clubs....i would like to suggest that you should broadcast "Mann Ki Baat" about drugs at night when these kids are getting ready for parties...BROADCAST IT ON ALL FM CHANNELS..Thank You. 
0 0 The PM described this as a very serious issue and assured  that he will 
0 0 Dear PM sir,I believe  unconditional love ,gratitude, and forgiveness are very essential qualities for  developed Indian citizen .Sir  Please include these  three points in your mann ki  bat radio programme 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, give  a message that all the families to contribute  at least something to agriculture by cultivating at least vegetables at their nearby locations. 
1 0 sir i also think that banding drug is nt give an effective resulut because who needs this they can easyly get it.such as criminal gets fire and arms..with taking many protection on arms. 
1 0 sir i think that if we teach our choti students nearly  class 6-7 about the effect of drug addiction and it's violence effect on our body through out picture in their books.that effects in huge.becs most of the new generation becmes a victim of drug addictated at their critical ages near about 18-20 yrs. in college life. so if we instal in thir brain that how effects this in our body in their growing life they will fear off  abot drug and they will keep a distance frm it.in their high er secondary label or in college life. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , आज मै मन की बात कार्यक्रम का बैसब्री से कर रहा हू और, अभी मै उदयपुर हू यहा पर भी नशे की समस्या जोरदार है अभी मुझे पक्का अहसास हो रहा है मेरे पासवाली होटेल मे गॉंजे का नसा किया जा रहा है मुझे बताये कि मुझे क्या करना है? आपका अभिषेक पारीक अजमेर 
0 0 Beatles leaves / Pan are also medium of  using drugs like kiwam such products should be banned. regards 
0 0 Cannought place circle should be mage free of drug peddlers. 
0 0 Railway station roof tops are adds for drug peddlers and users any time they can be found smoking drugs. Railway should act. regards 
0 0 Indian youth is now mainly employed in service sector doing very small tasks in need of recognition for protection and sustainable employment and life style. regards 
0 0 R, Sir please talk to laourer in un organised sector, independently working micro activity workers, domestic workers. It will generate awareness about their exploitation. regards 
1 0 this problem is more prominient in punjab than check this the honest police officers are transferred to such positions where they cant take any action against such criminals for ex in maharashtra honest police person transferred to naxalite areas and honest official tarnsferred as soon as they take any action against politicians people in pune muncipal corporation will be now transferred by maha cm is said now take ex of patna muncipal corporation commissioner suspended for not spending funds since he took action against builders constructing illegal buildings jai hind 
0 0 Sir if you take this step.. Cigrate prices and drugs prices increased and like mouth freshener price decreases then it's work.. And sir drugs is illegal then how it involved in general peoples.. Please sir. Only you do something.. We trust you sir thank you 
0 0 complaining regarding tough RTO rules where charges will be in tune of 2000 rs min to 50000 rs. max what will be the resultant in india is more hafta from tempos and trucks driving in cities and highways resulting in high inflation of transportation charges is what transport people say and be assured even havaldar will drive skoda please dont force such tough laws in hands of unlawful agencies only corruption will happen please rethink on it we dont have patriotic police force nor patriotic politicians patriotism is left for common person 
0 0 if any govt decides to ban drugs in its state with strong political will than it is net to impossible to market drugs in that state but if they fill this money could win them elections than why blame pakistan we indians have a bimari in naming pakistan for everything even this drug issue why dont u blame police and security agencies guarding booder if corruption in our agencies is zeroed  alongwith politicians than only say no to drug campaign will be successful take action against officials ind 
0 0 महान, आकर्षक, महिमामंडित व्यक्तियों को मसलन खिलाड़ी, फिल्म अभिनेता इत्यादि को नशीले पदार्थों के प्रचार -प्रसार हेतु पूर्ण विराम लगाया जाय। 
0 0 बेकारी को व्यस्तता में परिवर्तित करने का सृजनात्मक प्रयास नशा मुक्ति में सहायक हो सकता है। 
0 0 sir, drug ko khatam krne ke liye strong law ko strong way se impliment krna hoga. police wale jab drug pakdte hai to wo ise jalane ki wajaye uski jagah or kuch jala kr aise keh dete hain ki hunme drug ko dispose kr diya but wo is drug ko aage supply kr dete hai or usi drug ki supply start ho jati hai . inme to kuch ministers ka bhi hath hota hai .punjab ko to je ek din le dubega agar ise jad se na khatam kiya jaye. drug ki wajah se hi crime bad raha hai .drug ke liye yuva crime krta hai 
0 0 Being a doctor, I have discovered that we face problems at the two extremes. Almost every medicine is available without prescription and many hospital staff can be seen addicted to milder narcotics like pentazocine. At the same time, the supply of narcotics like morphine is so tightly controlled that traders dread dealing with them. The result- those genuinely in need, like terminally ill cancer patients fail to get them. Frankly, I don't have any solution but this twin problem exists 
1 0 Namo namay, firstly empower them.Create more and more jobs for youths.Reduce the retirement age from 60 to 58 years including education deptt.Stop drug smuggling. Every policeman knows who is supplying drugs.They got their commission. Police most corrupt. Depute army in some sensitive areas like Punjab border.Good moral education at school and college level. 
0 0 Hon PM Sir, A big problem troubling ordinary people is that of soiled currency notes, some people/banks don't accept them as they could be torn, dirty or frayed, it would be a good idea that through your MANN KI Baat you request people to accept this currency and that they could be repaired with cello tape (as that is easily available and could be read through it). I am told RBI dose not allow such repairs. Sir this is no small problem but could be easily be made acceptable if you step in. 
0 0 सर, आपसे अनूरोध है कि भारत  के सभी एम्बुलेंस गाङी के सामने CCTV कैमरा लगा हॊना चाहिए। जब भी कॊइ वाहन जानबुझ कर  एम्बुलेंस गाङी को जगह नही दे तो उस वाहन के मालिक पर चालान कर दिया जाए। इस प्रकार देश मे कई मरीज की जान बच सकती हे। 
1 0 bharat se nasa mukti ke sath sath khas taur se punjab se nasa mukti karana bahut jaroori hai pakistan janta hai ki punjab k ek jawan pakistan ke 10 jawan par bhari pad sakta hai isliye wo punjab ki yuva pidhi ko barbad karna chahta hai isliye sarkar ko is nasa mukti ke liye yog aur adhyatm m ebaba ramdev jaise imandar logo ke sath sath vaigyaniko ka bhi sahyog lekar rokne ka prayas karna chahiye aur sath hi punjab ke yuva ko batana chahiye ki pakistan ki kya mansa hai punjab ko barbad karne me. 
0 0 "An empty mind is the devil's workshop"  and I think now its right time to arrange world class skill set infrastructure in our country for each individual without partiality.Unfortunately we have branded wine shops on each corner for revenue generation except basic education system. We are still following out of date forced education system which is not giving jobs to youth finally they do opt for this path for temporary satisfaction and really its damaging our real treasure.We are with you Sir! 
0 0 Adharniya Pradhan Mantri ji, mere hisaab se jo koi bhi drugs khareed tha ho ya drugs ka sevan kartha ho uska aadhar card ya koi identity proof bathana zaroori karna chahiye. Aur us thamam id proof Ko computer mein ek online mein host karna chahiye. Hume yaha jaankarise bohut hi micro level mein database miljatha hai jaise ki age, gender, localality wise. isase hume remedy dhoonde mein bohut aasan hoga. Aur kuch page likhe log online mein jaankaari hone par sharmse drugs ka seven nahi karenge. 
0 0 Dear Mr PM, Punjab which was once the pride of Indian Armed forces doesn't picture in top 3 states in latest cadet officers list! We all know these drugs are coming from across the border. The state has a BJP coalition govt. You can discuss about govt apathy on these lines from a taxi driver to a reporter in Punjab. Time for action, sir. http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/601-cadets-... 
0 0 Audio visual media is very effective and at present alcohol and drugs are being glorified causing damaging effect on our younger genration (you are proud of them). To quote, there is a song : hain me alcoholic hoin of a recent film. Another song of film Showkeen showing drug party and it glorifies the drug. Now let me inform you that there is a popular comedy show, comedy night with Kapil where a Dadi is shown found of liquor, whether our grandmothers drink? Please do something !! 
0 0 In rajasthan wine shop is banned open after 8PM. It is a good way but its not batter, the batter way is sunday fully closed selling wine And time is more less it is reduced 8Pm. To 7Pm. 
1 0 जो पुलिस ईसमे तत्परता दइखती है उन्हे कउछ विशोष सुनिधाए.दे. 
1 0 ड्रगके शिकार अधिकांश युवा होते है.वहभी कालेजमे पढनेवाले.यदी ड्रग न भी होतो दारु बीयर तो होस्टलोंमे चलते है.रँगिंगके मामलेमे जो नीती अपनाई गई वही नीती अपनाई जाए.सभी शिक्षा संस्थानोंके प्राचार्य और प्रबंधकोंकी ईस बारेमे जिम्मेदारी तय हो. आसपासकी पानपट्टीपर नशा बिकनेकी सूचना पुलिस को दे.शिक्षा प्रबंधकोंको सबसे पहले जानकारी होती है.स्वयं पुलिस को  सूचित करें. पुलिस बिना सूचनाके खुपिया तरिकेसे पता लगाए और सबुत जुटाए.आस अाराधकी गंभीरताको देखते ङुए कानूनमे सख्ती लानेकी आवश्यकता है 
0 0 SIR-fuel save ke liye no-1-road ki halat thik+bridge banake lamba rasta ko chota korne hoga,oil pump me mialabat aur kom fuel dena rohkne hoga.Jis ka chalte aam public shalo se parisan,officer log bhi sab janta hai.lekin...2-Battery  gari me sarkar ki subsidy+tax less korke+add de ke sob ko utsahi korne hoga.4- purana gari aaj bhi kala dhuya fekte huye humara road pe chalta-police chanda leta aur naya 2 wheeler me fine korta hai.bandh korne hoga SARE DESH me.4-fule me need ki anusar subsidy, 
1 0 In school education we must educate all the pros n cons of  Drugs till age of 18 . Again we must create the environment so that not only youth but even general public should also stay away of it. 
1 0 The best way to get out of the drugs is SPIRITUALITY. Understanding the science of spiritual energy will lead to better understanding of the eternal power and soul.... Hence, spirituality will lead to feeling of satisfied life. A special subject of spirituality should be in the primary schools and colleges. 
2 0 first of all drug dealers should be caught and punished severely. secondly various types of advertisements should be done, mainly focusing on the ill effects of drugs.......!! 
1 0 Sir drugs yaha par punjab main hi nahi all over india main bhi jaha par youth ko job nahi milti wahi thal haar kar  log shortcut apnata hai drugs bachna or khridna  kaam nahi mila toh nasha kar lo nahi kisiki baat sunani padagi sir mujha lagta hain ki drugs lena walo ko hi drugs ka nasha khatam karna ka kaam da dena chaiya jo yeh kaam khatam karna main police ki help karo or reward lo ya anti drug groups ban jaya taki wahi kuch kar saka  sir mujha lagta hai employment bada or nasha ghata 
0 0 To get healthy India we should start a special programs in schools where we can educate our youngsters about drugs abuse which is common nowadays,,schools should always run a program for drug abuse,,teaching family members how to handle your kids who are in this abuse,,most important they should know about rehab center , 
0 0 रसोई गैस के गरीबों के लिए पूर्व भुगतान पर ससमाधान विचार अपेक्षित है। प्रतिनिधियों और पदेन महानुभावों के बेतुके बयानों पर चुप्पी तोड़ी जाय आप श्री द्वारा अन्यथा जन मानस का आहत होना स्वाभाविक है। ताकि मौन को स्वीकृति नहीं समझ लिया जाय। 
0 0 I think, we have to start a policy in which every student who appear in first year graduation has to plant a tree and till completion of graduation he has to maintain its safety and growth. By this way new generation will understand two things, 1 - what problems are faced by their parents during nurturing them. While they face a problem in nurture a small plant. 2 they also learnt for their future that how they have to take care of their coming generation. During making India green by youth. 
1 0 जब तक भारतीय युवा यह नही समझेगा कि उसे नशे मंे एक सोची समझी चाल के तहत धकेला जा रहा है और इस सबके पीछे देश के दुश्मन हैं जो हमारे पैसे से हमंे और हमारी अाने वाली पीढ़ीयो को बर्बाद करना चाहते हैं, हमसे हमारा वर्तमान और भविष्य ही छीन लेना चाहते है तब तक युवा को नशे से दुर करना कठिन है! साथियों अगर दुश्मन को उसी कि भाषा मे जवाब देना चाहते हो तो अाज ही यह सौगंध लेनी होगी कि ना नशा करेंगे ना किसी को करने देंगे। कभी सोचना उस माँ, बाप, भाई, बहन, बेटे और बेटी के बारे में जिन्होने अपना सब कुछ खो दिया। 
1 0 Respected Sir,Main reason is young person’s do not have work (mostly in smaller villages) (job or liked profession) Most medicines with drug like properties are available with Chemists. Most of the chemists do not keep any control on such drugs.(do not keep records). Most of chemists and FDA officers are in collusion. Hence Gov should display medicines on common portal and warn chemists for not issuing to young people. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Drug Abuse is not less destructive than terrorism and Naxal problem. This has to be fought on war footing and no one linked with it should be spared, however high his/her stature may be. We must go full swing for treatment and rehabilitation of the sufferers and victims and crush all those involved in manufacturing,trafficking, storing and selling.Exemplary punishment with full media coverage can work as a deterrent force.Awareness among school children can save our future 
0 0 Dear PM, Pls. Save Jammu and Kashmir Hindus from Secular Pandits, because Hindus decrease every day by day, and Muslims increase, but that secular pundits only blame to Hindus for every collision in both religions. You know everything what Hindus face in Past and future, pls. SAVE Hindus in Hindustan, and also pls. save Gau Mata in Hindustan. Plz. Plz. 
1 0 Drugs are providing funding to terrorists. Taliban, AlQuida & other terrorist group's main source of income is Drug trafficking. They deal in India from Border areas to weaken strength of our Nation which is youth. That's why youth in states adjoining to border area are suffering most. Punjab is a good example of this. हमारे देश का एक बाहरी दुश्मन अातंकवाद है तो भीतरी दुश्मन नशा है! जब हमारा नौजवान कमजोर होगा तो देश कैसे अागे बढेगा? यही देश के दुश्मन चाहते हंै! नशा छुड़वाअो देश बचाअो! जय हिन्द 
0 0 Dear PM, I am huuuuuuuuuuuuge Fan of You. I have huge trust on U. I have huge turst on your comments and your view which you spoke on public rallies in India. I want, in my whole life, I see u as a PM. It my kind request pls. do which u want for better India and also do that which you spoke before being a PM of India. 
2 1 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी,हमारे देश मे जनसंख्या वृद्धि एक प्रमुख समस्या बन गई है, जो आज उत्पन्न हुई कई समस्य़ाओ का मुल कारण है। इसके लिए भी आपकी सरकार को जन-अभियान चलाने की आवश्यकता है। देश की सरकार देश के नागरिको के लिए अभिवावक के समान होती है। सरकार को अभिवावक के समान अपने देश के नागरिको को अच्छे- बूरे का ज्ञान कराने का भी दायित्व है। आशा है, आपकी सरकार राजनीति और वोट बैंक से उपर उठकर इस गंभीर समस्या के प्रति जनता को जागरूक करते हुए एक जन-अभियान चलायेगी। 
0 0 "SAVE PUNJAB FROM DRUGS" As it is our border state 1st preference to do this. Here drug menace it part & parcel from Pakistan to bring down the brave youths to their knees / destroy them. Remove this menace urgently & with a IRON HAND. Anybody-Netas,Police,Celebrities etc. getting involved in DRUGS in anyway should be punished heavily. SAVE PUNJAB from becoming drugs capital. 
0 0 Hello sir, Hope you doing good. Our country is doing good progress under your leadership. I know forum is about menace of drugs but I like talk about Rate of Loan Interest .Sir as I noticed The Education Loan Interest Rate is 14% where Home Loan interest rate is 10%. Sir I agree both are basic essentials need but I believe  education holds a upper hand. So can i expect any reduction in rate of interest any new Reforms which helps the students concerned with their education loan. Thank you 
0 0 Contd...Attempts at de-addicting the the youth off the drug menace is the an important beginning but it needs to be supplemented once this process is over. The youth and their families would require the support of the Government and the society, NGOs not excluded, in their attempts to rehabilitate the 'recovered' youth. For this to happen the focussed attention will be the call of the times. IT NEEDS TO BE WELL REALISED THAT THE YOUTH  WOULD REQUIRE ALL SORTS OF BACK-UP TO RE-JOIN MAIN-STREAM. 
0 0 Contd...Attempts at de-addicting the the youth off the drug menace is the an important beginning but it needs to be supplemented once this process is over. The youth and their families would require the support of the Government and the society, NGOs not excluded, in their attempts to rehabilitate the 'recovered' youth. For this to happen the focussed attention will be the call of the times. IT NEEDS TO BE WELL REALISED THAT THE YOUTH  WOULD REQUIRE ALL SORTS OF BACK-UP TO RE-JOIN MAIN-STREAM. 
1 0 YOGA is the best for de addiction along with medicinal help.As if now it has been declared the international yogadt by the UN why not use it for our own benifit.You should know better as a person practicing yoga for years its benifits onbbody and mind. 
0 0 Contd...Attempts at de-addicting the the youth off the drug menace is the an important beginning but it needs to be supplemented once this process is over. The youth and their families would require the support of the Government and the society, NGOs not excluded, in their attempts to rehabilitate the 'recovered' youth. For this to happen the focussed attention will be the call of the times. IT NEEDS TO BE WELL REALISED THAT THE YOUTH  WOULD REQUIRE ALL SORTS OF BACK-UP TO RE-JOIN MAIN-STREAM. 
1 0 Two cures that i being the citizen of the worst hit state will like to share are 1.Efficient and honest will by the authorities and  strict implimentation of laws. 2.Stringent measures for cross border drug trade and giving strict punishment to those invilved not at lower but higher levels. 3.Yoga can be of great use in this as we will never have enough medicines and the medicines too are adictive. And yoga can help build the will power and health required for deaddiction 
1 0 यद् यद् आचरति श्रॆष्ठः तत् तत् दॆवॆतरॊ जनाः........ महाजनॊ यॆन‌ गताः स‌ पन्थाः ......... इत्यादि शास्त्रीय‌ वाक्यॊं सॆ पता चलता है कि जॊ कार्य‌ बडॆ एवं उँचॆ पदॊं पर‌ बॆठॆ हुए लॊग‌ करतॆ हैं उनका अनुसरण बाकी सभी लॊग करतॆ हैं....आज बहुत‌ सॆ फिल्मी सितारॆ एवं गायक‌ पार्टी तथा पीनॆ की बातॆं अपनॆ चलचित्रॊं तथा गानॊं मॆंं करतॆ हैं तथा इनका प्रचार‌ करतॆ हॆं जिसका प्रभाव‌ युवा वर्ग‌ पर‌ बहुत‌ अधिक‌ पडता है एवं उनका वह‌ अनुसरण‌ करतॆ हॆं अतः आपसॆ अनुरॊध‌ है कि उन श्रॆष्ठॊं कॊ भी ऎसा ना करनॆ का सन्दॆश‌ दॆं 
0 0 Hlo sir I am a student of punjab.The worst hit state in india by narco terrorism.I have seen people dying of drugs and families being destroyed.Even the 300cr budget of punjab govt is not sufficient as money never reaches the deseased no medicines no facilities long lines police pick  up people even sometimes for the stake of their personal grudges and exploit families take money .Itsa total mess.High rank ministers are involved then who s gona help. 
2 0 Namaskaar Ji, Sab se pehle yeh dekhna chayeeye ki yeh nasha kahan se aa raha hai. Sharab ki dukaan khulne ka time hona chahiye, har parkaar ke nasha per bada-bada uske nusaan ke bare main batana chayeehe. School, hospital, station per iske bare main jagruk karna chayeye. Sarkaar ko isko ek limit main baichna chayeye aur samaaj ko bhi iss abhiyaan main apna sehyog dena hoga.-Deepak Singh Sodhi. 
1 0 Continuation of coments of 12 November. It is no short of tragedy when a part of youth power of our country is going adrift deep into a sort of 'social coma'. The situation is warranting both the Government and the society to pull out all stops from their kitty in an attempt to stop further detereoration and arrest the impacts of drug menace. THE NGOs TOO HAVE REASONS ENOUGH TO MAKE THE YOUTH SEE REASON. THE OPENNING AND OPPERATING DEADDICTION CENTRES IS A VERY IMPORTANT ASPECT, BUT NOT AN END. 
1 0 only close the companys,manfactureing industries is a bettrr solution simplu jai hindhu 
1 0 sir aap s bhut umida h 
1 0 PM shri Narendra Modi should speak about his foreign trips in 'Mann Ki Batt' programme on AIR because majority people listen to it on AIR do not have access to electronic media due to lack of resources or lack of electricity. 
1 0 sir the 4th suggestion given on the INDIA'S CONFESSION:-REVEAL THE TRUTH the teenager page is.... 4)  if at all black money is to be bought in India it would be those of small corporates. if we really want to bring swiss bank may go bankrupt and fail their payments Sir i hope u will definitely ans these questions in ur next i.e tomorrows programme a reprasentative of India's Confessions community 
1 0 sir on our page INDIA'S CONFESSION:-REVEAL THE TRUTH exclusively for youths we posted a news of the black money probe so we had few questions raised by out teenager community 1) was India waiting for only 4479cr rupees from Swiss Bank?? 2)How are we going to bring back this money n how much time would it require?? 3) is it the nly 4479cr that u were talking during ur election campaign which would give each Indian about a lakh of rupee?? one more question in comments or in my next post 
1 0 Indian medically cannot assimilate liquor because we do not have the hormones to digest intoxicants. This impacts our liver 
0 0 People should be encouraged to think why they want to be dependent on anything external in life like drugs? This is like loosing your independence to the availability and money of these drugs. This goes against concept of independence. 
0 0 मैं नशामुक्त भारत अभियान चलाना चाहता हूँ। 
0 0 मैं आपसे मिलना चाहता हूँ। 
1 0 In the so many villages of Kutch Districts, it is tradition of DRINKING & SMOKING "GANJA" the traditional name is DODA in the social occasion like marriage, The guest is to be honored by offering such DRUGS. Even for so many people, it may be starting stage of taking drugs and teenage also affected by this tradition which harm our nation in future. Please do needful by spread awareness and inspire people for living good life. Thanks for choose such issue which is dangerous for generation 
2 0 Sir, This is regarding the story of a unfortunate farmers on whom/those there is continuously injustices from Govt Officials. The story is as under : There was a farmer of aged about 40 years in year 1950 when he purchased a piece of land of about 1.50 Acres in the state of Maharashtra in Nashik District. He purchased that agriculture land for the daily needs and belly his family, where he was staying. Govt of Maharashtra started acquisition of that land for public purpose in about  1984 he was aged about 65 years at that time, the acquisition procedure continued till he became old aged person in 2001, very derisory consideration awarded by Collector of Nashik to him of about Rs 11 Lacs (Where market value was about 2 crs at that time), the farmer filled a case in the court in 2001 for revision of compensation under the old law of land acquisition, he continuously prayed in the court of law that he is senior citizen and old aged, he needs to get speedy justice for correct price of the land, he did not got it , finally he died in Feb., 2011. His wife is now aged about 80 years, Illiterate, ear impaired & handicapped  got a the ultimate decision from the district court in 2014 for enhanced consideration, now the this Illiterate & handicapped lady is not in a position to use that money, enjoy the money nor she is able to attend any office of the learned govt officials or court to claim  or withdraw that money from court. Meanwhile Govt of Maharashtra has filled apple in the Bombay High Court that given compensation is at extreme high level needs stay against District Court’s decision.  Now am sure that she will also have to die on a day or other, not only but her depended children will have to die and grand children may or may not get justice or decision to get the correct compensation of land which was purchased for a poor farmer by burning his blood during all the life. Summary of the story is that : Are farmers getting justice in time ? Are other needy citizens getting justice in time in the country ? Ans is no or not at all. Farmers are not getting justice in time, Illiterate farmers are extrapolated by learned Govt Officials. I hope from NAMO Govt will definitely will take care of such many issues those are serious concerned to members of poor society. Finally will like to quote know sentence is that : “Justice delayed is justice denied”. And in the instant case it is completely proved that it is denied being given after the death of farmer. 
1 0 a person is attracted to drugs, etc only if he is under depression or is directionless in life or having corruption generated money or is having false notions of happiness. all these can be effectively checked/cured, if he starts doing yog exercises every morning. after recognition of  world yog day on 21 june by UN, all indians should practicise it. Modi ji should rename his ministry as YOG AND HEALTH ministry and ensure reach of yog to each indian, under national disease prevention plan. 
2 0 For medicinal use only government should take the charge to grow these with close & fair supervision. In India like every other problems corruption plays a big role in letting it grow because a corrupt person never think of mass interest they r just keen 4 their own profit only. So a very much dedicated team work us essential to root out this big social evil right from educating the farmers to banning all products including tobacco made pan masalas etc. With very honest & capable enough people. 
1 1 ek taraf aap kehte ho ki no drugs or  ek taraf se sarvjnic rup se cigrate ko badhva de rahe h .....aap q nahi ekdum se band kar dete h ye aap ki policy h ki aap logo ko bekuf banate raho ......aao q nahi tx 300% badhate ho ye ap ki kyarta hai 
1 0 Allowed revenue can b generated by other safe means also. Opium, Morphine farming in some areas is still going on ... its not possible that administration is unaware of it but due to some personal weaknesses they allow such type of business which is damaging our country most. People r illiterate in most 9th these areas first need is quality education for these areas they should b told how this farming is damaging whole society as well as their own farms. These stuff should b completely banned. 
3 0 Namaste Sir, Last year it was declared that no tobacco, cigratte were allowed on shops but till now no strict action is taken which proves that laws are follow only on the paper not in real life. I urge you sir please issue a strict action on products like alcohol, tobacco, etc like in Gujarat. 
1 0 Drugs addiction is one of worst condition for any  individual,  family & even for a nation. Drug consumption in India is increasing day by day one of its major reason is easy availability of these substance. We have many laws but no law is flawless they make d way in these laws because strict implementation is no where in India. Our governments ban the tobacco products with permission to other pan masalas.... This partial control can never b fruitfull. Why the controlled sale of these stuff is 
1 0 There should death penalty for people who manufacture, transport and sell drugs. Confisticate properties of drug peddlers and use the money to rehabilate drug victims 
2 0 Pradhan Sewak Shri Narendra Modiji, Jeevan Rkshak dawao ki kimat kam ki jaye taki har koi jarurat ke samay kharid sake. Sath hi ve dawaiyan har kahin sulabh ho iske liye puri vyavastha ki jaye. 
2 1 Sir hamare desh me har saal govt. Schools me books govt. Ki taraf se provide ki jaati yani ki har saal new books and wastage of more trees lekin hum ise rok sakte h like America. America me b students ko,book govt. Provide karti h lekin saal k end vapas le leti h taki next year new students ko provide ki ja ske is se tree b save hote h or govt. Ka paisa b . pls sir humare desh me,b aisa kanoon bniye jisse tree b save ho or logo ka paisa b. JAI,HIND 
1 0 That Sir, this is for favour of your kind information and necessary action. We all Indians would remain grateful to you for this act of kindness, if you kindly take some effective steps in order to tackle the drug menace in India and disclose the same to the people of India by tomorrow (dt. 14 Dec'2014) in your  ‘Mann Ki Baat’ Radio program. Thank You. 
4 0 Since UNO has declared June 21st as the Yoga Day. Each village in India should have a clean green Yoga area and a common Laughter time. Lets all laugh together. 
1 0 Kaise drugs se chutkara milega sir hum log to cancer ka logo laga kar hi bajar se ghutka cigarette kharid rahe h. Mera yehi Rai h sir ki bajar m jitni bhi nasha ka saman h sabko band kar diya jaye.... Aur production nhi kiya jaye.... 
1 0 In Punjab the numbers are ridiculous—nearly 75% of its youth are severely addicted to drugs that are 3 out of every 4 children. North-East States, Mumbai, Hyderabad and other cities around the country are quickly gaining a reputation for their drug usage; and the population in each of these cities continues to grow. Delhi is filled with rehab centers trying to keep up with the flow of addicts. (Continue...) 
1 0 • Community development: Focus on developing the fundamentals of our community. Education, health and social services, housing, sanitation, and income-generating activities are important ideas to focus in on. That Sir, we (Me and my friends) have been organizing small awareness camps in rural & semi-urban areas with the help of limited available resources since November’2007 as the youth of our nation has a massive responsibility. (continue...) 
0 0 Dear Modi ji agar aapke programme "Mann ki baat" me agar aapko time mile to hum logo ke 108 emmergency service ke bare me v thora bol dena plz. Hum apke sabhi prgrm dekhte hai Modi ji. 
1 0 • Encouragement of positive alternatives: Develop these alternatives with cultural values in mind, and understanding what appeals to the younger generation. • Long-term perspective: Don’t be discouraged if results aren’t immediate. Preventing drug use takes time—keeping a long-term perspective is important. (continue...) 
1 0 Focus on people and encouragement of social interaction: Promoting social interaction between old and young can only be done in a social environment. So, creating this environment through organized activities that all ages can partake in. • Local involvement of young people and respect for cultural values: The activities you choose should focus on young people. We must be sure to respect cultural traditions of the community. (Continue....) 
1 0 Again, “Preventing addiction is more effective than curing it,” may seem idealistic, but it demonstrates a mindset that Indians need to adopt. Following are some of the prevention ideas, for your kind information and necessary action : • Promotion of Health: The community needs to promote healthy lifestyles through personal and cultural practices. By setting an example of health, it may discourage damaging and dangerous lifestyles. (Continue....) 
2 0 Sir, instead of wondering why our youth are becoming addicts, we should start asking better questions. How do we stop them? How do we keep the stuff out of their little hands and away from their innocent minds? The answer to these questions are two sided: 1. There needs to be an effort to prevent drug and alcohol addiction. 2. De-Addiction Centres need to focus in on the youth of India. 
0 0 Dear ModiJi,I would Like to Draw your Attention towards another aspect i.e. POLICE.I would Like to share an incident,It was time of diwali in oct,i went market where there was very large traffic and Traffic police was not showing interest in clearing it,when i ask them to help in clearing the traffic they said" jisko dikkat hai wo kar lega" then me and one other person helped in clearing the traffic,and got cleared in 15min.need a change in attitude of police 
0 0 Shri  Modi Ji, Greetings. Drug addiction &control- complex issues with personal, social, administrative scopes. Solution exists. Needs blueprint & initiatives - detoxification, revitalization, rehabilitation, social awakening, law enforcement & policies. Individually, it is mental physical  emotional issue needing proper handholding. Army is best equipped to provide it – from detoxification to rehabilitation - at dedicated facilities- in Pb, J&K, NE,HP – project SUNSHINE. Kind Regards. 
0 1 IF I HAD BEEN PRIME MINISTER, I would have allowed ONLY beer in India. Let people enjoy after hard day's work, let them drink how many beer bottles they want, stomach has limit and alcohol content in beer is far less, hence they will never become 'drunkards' the way we see around us. 
0 0 such that the grassroots who will grow to become tall trees are not killed by the drug menace. The government on its part can open counselling centers propagate the harmful effects of the drug menace on TV, Radio etc. but the main initiative has to be taken by the society itself. 
0 0 As far as I understand, people get addicted to drugs either as an adventure which in the long run turns out to be a mis-adventure or in order to release stress when recommended by peers or even seniors. Solution to this problem cannot be one but it has to be unique for every case. While some would get de-addicted simply by counselling, others would require love and care of their loved ones. The parents in India need to take about such subjects openly to youngsters 
0 0 have catastrophic consequences in the social order. I being a College Student would urge you not to appeal to the drug addicts but to their parents, spouse, friends who need to discourage their activities. I have friends in my college who come from wealthy houses and also those who barely can manage their college fees, but what they are connected by is drugs. Another breeding ground for drug addicts is college fests which are organized by students and several of them get addicted to it. 
0 0 The drug menace is a social problem in the country, it cannot be resolved by the government alone but with active participation of the society by condemning drug addicts not by isolating them but by making them understand. Today, addiction to drugs along with tobacco and alcohol is not affecting a particular section of the society but all sections including the rich, the poor, the aam aadmi everybody is affected. Not only the amounts spend on drugs but the actions of a drug addict 
1 1 Drugs ki lat jadatar berojgar logo ko hoti he, q ki unhe bivinna prakar ke tension hote he, is tension se chutkara pane ki caha me log nesha ke adhin ho jate he, agar hum logo ke liye rojgar ke rasta bana sake to wo kam me baist rahenge  jisse unhe nasha se chutkara milega or hamara bharat ka v tarraki hoga. 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्रीजी प्रणाम नशाखोरी को रोकने के लिए नशाखोरी के   धंधे  को रोकना होगा  जो भारत मेँ चरम पर है आज स्थिति यह है कि अविकसित भारत के गाँवों में २-३₹में नशे की गोलियाँ उपलब्ध हैं जागरूकता के साथ अतिआवश्यक है कि  नशे का कालाधंधा तुरन्त बंद  हो 
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcYk_7fSgPM#t=778 
5 0 मोदी जी,मैं बचपन से जब भी शराब की दुकाने देखता था तो मुझे ये लगता था कि सरकारी शराब की दुकान क्यों लिखा है? आखिर सरकार दवा न बेच के शराब क्यों बेच रही है? थोडा बड़ा हुआ तो पता चला इससे सरकार को बहुत revenue मिलता है और ये दुकाने हमारे tourist मेहमानों के लिए है पर जब आज हम tourism को इतना बल दे रहे है और उनके सामने आतुल्य भारत की प्रस्तुति दिखा रहे है तो क्यों ना इन दुकानों के जगह हम कुछ ऐसी भारतीय औषधियों की प्रस्तुति करे जिनका हमारे स्वास्थ्य पे maximum effect और minumum defect हो 
0 1 please close wine shops and save our country ,... specially in tamil nadu 
0 0 please first close wine shops in all over the india.. wine is the big problem to our future youngsters.... 
0 0 Thank you to Prime Minister Modi and his cabinet for all that they do. I hope we try and pass as many bills as possible now because if the upper house rejects them, hopefully after 6 months, a joint session can get all of them approved (if that's how it works)?? Otherwise, I'm sceptical as to how meaningful and completely necessary bills like the Insurance bill and GST will get passed? Thank you for all that you do. 
0 0 Simultaneously, we can try education on the side effects of drugs...we know those don't work well for those who have made up their minds. You can try shaming them...as we are doing so with other social misdemeanours. But for drugs, if we kill the supply I think the demand will drop and so if we kill the profits, the supply will stop. Only way I know to kill profits is to increase competition or stop cash transacted businesses from operating beyond a certain value? I think that's all I have. 
0 0 keep the same popularly consumed drugs cool without incentivizing new drugs from coming on the scene. If such drugs do come on the scene, if legal businesses can buy them, at least the price will be kept low? In the process, law enforcement may also find out about the suppliers etc? The idea is, keep the same drugs popular but more risky for consumers to buy (due to tracing) and if they consume such drugs, make them more responsible? Also make the drugs themselves more expensive? 
0 0 prescriptions may consume such drugs?? Because if we legalize a currently illegal (hence high margin product), all the margin will be potentially competed away and the incentives to the black market will drop. Also, reducing cash transactions will help a lot in controlling this problem, like any other. So legalizing, highly regulating, paying via non-cash means, and requiring licenses to sell, prescriptions to buy, minimum age limits, and making the expensive may all be means to still.... 
0 0 like a business problem, however inappropriate that might be, may be most effective. Effectively, drug consumption is similar to that of tobacco / alcohol consumption? How about, very seriously regulating the popular drug industry but still making the regulatory hurdles so high that young people still get a kick out of trying to purchase and consume them? ie. Make them expensive, need to have a license to sell (like selling marijuana to hospitals for cancer patients) only people with.... 
1 0 Good afternoon; I watched the movie Traffic with Michael Douglas, which also deals with the same problem and the points are true. How to stop young people from consuming illegal drugs when they think it is "cool" and if not, it gets them high if they can't deal with their issues - school pressure/peer pressure / family trouble etc. Also I don't know how much drugs cost but if they are expensive, chances are they are consumed more for partying than depression? My gut would be to look at it.... 
1 0 Dear sir, We all know that cigarettes nd tobacco have bad effects. You should stop the Manufacturing of these, even if it provides lot's of taxes to the goverment. I think goverment should not play with lives of people in front of taxes. Thank you sir 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , यह मेरा आपको प्रथम निवेदन है इस समय हमारे देश की राजधानी दिल्ली के न्यायालयों में अधिवक्ता बंधुओं की अनिश्चितकालीन हड़ताल चल रही है जिससे सभी पक्षों को काफी असुविधा का सामना करना पद रहा है परन्तु मौद्रिक क्षेत्राधिकार के मुद्दे पर सरकार की तरफ से कोई भी ऐसा आश्वासन नहीं दिया गया है की समबन्धित बिल को कब तक सदन में पेश किया जाएगा।  वर्तमान में प्रस्तुत मुद्दा अत्यावश्यक है की अपनी सरकार इस पर गहनता से विचार करे व इस अधिवक्ताओं की तरफ से असंतुष्टि के स्वर को शांत करे। 
1 0 Dear sir, I am Inter CA and pursuing CA final course. Taxation is my field. Today I herewith in the field of taxation suggest you to start an help centre for income tax. Which helps to the citizen of india in understanding their tax liability in simple language. This initiative will make income tax department citizen friendly. Generally there is a fear in the mindset of the citizen of india which can be there by removed. This will result in increase in revenue of department also. 
0 0 We should educate ourselves to make our country clean and all of us should learn more about keeping our country clean,We know we don't have proper infrastructure but that does not stop us from following rules while driving. 
1 0 1. Make Treatment Available on Request Like Any Other Health Service: Making treatment services widely available undermines the drug market and reduces the harms from drug abuse. Treatment needs to be defined broadly to not only include abstinence-based treatment but also easier access to methadone and other alternative maintenance drugs. 3. Prevent Drug Abuse By Investing in Indian Youth and Providing Them with Accurate Information: The most effective way to prevent adolescent drug abuse is to 
1 0 Solutions 1.Administrative measures for effective implementation of laws. 2. Set up periodical mandatory medical check up for drug intake at colleges and companies. 3. Identify vulnerable groups and educate them. 4. Include drug abuse related topics in school curriculum at appropriate age. 5. Build more rehabilitation centres and create support groups like Alcoholic anonymous. 6.Special helpline for drug abuse victims. 7. Use of media role models to promote awareness. 
1 0 The first and foremost thing is to love your child and be friendly. If he/she is sure of your support, he/she won't turn to others for help. Tell your child not to accept wrong challenges like drug and abuse of any kind. It's better to be called coward than to be fool. Engage the child in the activities of his liking. Reading is very important.With this sort of backing, the child will never want to use drugs. If God has given us life, it is for some purpose. So use it to better the world. 
1 0 Respected Modiji, We need to control the price of medicine like gov.has to producing the medicine under MAKE IN INDIA. but it should be witout profitable industry.So it is helps to poor people to get the medicine in lower cost.& some states like Kerala medical people are raising the medicine price as per their wish no body have the control on this.for this digital price list should be required in all medical shop.( all price should be available in on line web site ) 
1 0 Drug menace is mainly because of ignorance and illiteracy in our valued scriptural literature. Wisdom obtained through scripture cultures individuals making them self controlled, The nation becomes powerful 
1 0 Dear Mr Modi I am one of your biggest supporter but a helpless troubled tax paying citizen..My husband was a victim of roadrage and is lying in a critical condition in an ICU for the past 11 days. It is very difficult for a middle class person like me to. Sustain the cost of this treatment which in a way has happened due to state's inability to protect it's citizen.there is utter lack of fear for law on roads as a result of which Our lives have become cheap. 
1 0 Honorable PM sir, along with conducting awareness programs I reckon, we have to start such a medical infrastructure where any person can voluntarily go and get MEDICAL CERTIFICATE for being a absolute abstainer from drugs consuming. This facility should be available for free of cost or at very nominal fee.This strategy will gradually result in insisting of Grooms in getting the certificate before marriage by Bride/Bride's parents. This would surely mitigate drug menace.REMEMBER,THIS IS VOLUNTARY 
3 0 PM sir Tobacco gutka and cigarette are major drugs which gives cancers TB on people and government taking lightly liquor is also major drugs due to which people and families sacrifice but neither government nor people take it seriously it is main cause of poverty illiteracy crime and disease if we control liquor and tobacco products we will certainly reduce poverty and death also increase literacy employment so take initiative to ban or control liquor and tobacco common products cause of disease 
1 0 What about 'intellectual drugs' injected to common people by liberals? History has witnessed that few physically strong and armed people have physically controlled much larger group of common people because common people are not trained to fight and they simply surrender. In modern world, few intellectually strong "liberal and secular" people are controlling minds of common people in India through media because common people are not trained in intellectual debates and they simply surrender. 
1 0 मध्य-निषेध और आबकारी विभाग दोनों का कार्य व उदेश्य आपस में सही दिशा में कार्य करें तो ही इस समाजिक कलंक से मुक्ति संबभ है ! एक विभाग तो नशीली वस्तुओं को रोकना चाहता है साथ ही दुसरे बिभाग के लिए यह आमदनी का साधन है ! दोनों ही को  पहले भ्रष्टाचार को समाप्त करने की दिशा में कार्य करने की आवश्यकता है, भले ही कोई एक बिभाग बंद करना पड़े ! 
1 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 The glamour industry should come forward to tackle this menace. Since filmy people can connect public easily, they should connect the people through movies to divert young minds  from becoming victims of drugs. I would also social celebrities should also come forward and participate in this menace. All India campaign to be started from govt. side (both state/central) to engage various stakeholders across the country to expose the bad side of drugs. 
1 0 All the celebrities should be kept on advertisement for the awareness of any social thing like Swachh Bharat, etc. Starting from big celebrities to small celebrities...These celebrities should be asked to work for social welfare and make the people aware. 
1 0 Young people should be make aware about their health and how it gets affected when they take drugs. All the celebrities who are popular in that area where drugs are taken by young, Should be kept on  advertisement to make aware about the same. 
0 0 After the creation of Uttarakhand in 2000, some anti social elements have introduce drugs in the land of gods. Today many college students from good families have become victims.This trade is mushrooming rapidly. When caught in the clutches of drugs there is no way out. Some drug victims are engaged in theft and robbery in the capital city. This problem can be reduced only linking the students of the colleges to some meaningful activities, like tree plantation, creativity, or innovation. 
0 0 there are many unauthorised private menal hospitals in Odisha. For example there is one named Prasanthi mental hospital opposite hi-tec medical college in Rourkela. The life of patients there is very cruel. Almost every patient there is mentally good. I myself was admitted there twice. Can i urge the government to step-in and rescue these young Indians. 
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals 
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals 
0 0 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens. This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs 
0 1 sir , health sector  is concern & need special expert forum ,all doctor/hospital/drugs company is in malpractices ,general views & bad experience in public is Better to die than go to private dispensary, DR. N C ASTHANA book on malpractice in health sector is great research & truth  face by common Indian .Sir more dangerous drugs is allopathy medicine itself 
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals 
0 0 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens. This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs 
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are  they  supporting it " and then  "to  whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals. 
0 0 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens. This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs 
0 0 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens. This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs 
0 0 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens. This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs 
0 0 One of many steps is your commitment with the citizens. Pl show your commitment to mitigate the drug usages by declaring TO MAKE A LAW  that any politician found involved in drug trade will be banned for life to stand for election as the person who dared to play with the life of citizens can never the custodian of the rights of the citizens.  This will go a long way to mitigate the usages of drugs . 
0 0 Social enterprise is a model best to implement govt scheme with stack holder approach Sab ka sath  Sab ka Vikas. Will come true with this  model really implemented thru PMO 
1 0 Drugs make addiction and no drug addictors are successful in their life. They cannot concentrate, cannot tolerate, cannot cooperate with others. Every living examples must be bring to fore, automatically young ones will stay away. Drugs should be available with very low dosage - when not available thirst increases. 
0 0 मोदी जी,महात्मा गाँधी ने कहा था "मेरी रूची अपने देशवासियो के कष्टो का निवारण करने से अधिक मानव स्वभाव को पाशविक बनने से रोकने मे है" क्या देश मे 60 सालो से शराब की सरकारी बिक्री,गाँधी जी के विचारो के अनुरूप है ? 
0 0 hello modi sir mai yeh jahna chata kab india ek succsful country hoga sir or kase bodolge aap india ko sir mai dehk raha kuch badal nahi raha hai sir indai ka jatna jahna chta hai apse ki ham kase jan pai india is sucse and yeha pe kuch reply nh mil rah pls rlpy ahyega mai aisa asha rahkta ho. You are Hero Modi Sir. 
0 0 -Hitler ideology was killed by eliminating H from all words of common communication within Europe, if I am correct-Discard all communication in this regard will arrest drug menace. Government to declare total black out discussing matter in any format and take up the same with UN for total ban around the world as if nothing of this category of drug ever exist in the earth-Films, literature, media, night life culture, anti drug awareness practices in fact helped promoting drugs menace in India. 
0 0 CSR funds should definitely cover such activities; this Drug menace is so devastating that in the U S A ; the DEA is possibly one of the most respected n feared agencies..that cracks down on suppliers of Drugs ; may be the central Govt needs to set up a highly trained team of specialist ; both at the Central n State level to fight this menace , personnel from para military ,the army,Police, etc  its a disease that will ruin generations of Indian YOUTH one of India's main assets ; lets hurry ... 
0 0 Please read my book that impacts India's security. www.rohitrelan.com http://www.amazon.com/Gandhian-Paradox-Britain-Serious-Threat/dp/1505392... 
0 0 Rehabilitation..is always better done by NGO's ...it needs a lot of sepcial skills, and patience to undertake rehabilitaion work;  over time get those who benefit from such rehab to access others suffering from drug abuse to give them confidence that there is LIFE and that too a rich life after Rehab;a media campaign over 3 to 5 years will be the critical route to initiate preventive measures; we need to sustain such campaigns...if we are keen to sustain results ... 
0 0 A cpmplex issue: Needs a long term plan : short term : we should make rehab facilites easily accessible & ensure privacy & annonymity to patients/NOK; Medium Term: identify n destroy the supply chain ,sources are mostly known;  ensure punishments are executed within 90 days thru special courts & wide publicity; Long Term : design n execute campaigns over 3 to 5 years campaign with the help of 3 sportsmen; 3 film personalities; 3 industrialists; target teenagers/ n the youth in general ; 
0 0 Dear PM sir, I am belong Economical backword class.Govt. of Maharashtra is not sanctioning EBC scholarship worth of 287 crore rupees of last year.We student from poor family facing lots money problem from home as govt. has not given my 28000 rupees.please look after this problem. Thank you Regards Ramdas 9921265507 
0 0 Awareness campaign should be introduced from standard 10th with clear messaging on triggers leading towards drugs, bad effects on health, finance and family. Introduce an anonymous helpline to report drug selling and usage to increase and help vigilance. This will make people come forward to report suspicious scenarios. Also introduce basic cheap tests in educational institutes to identify drug abuse cases for rehabilitation and make these tests a routine for   each semester. 
0 0 First the NDPS list of banned drugs should be updated more frequently and kept up-to-date with international banned list. There are few drugs which are openly and available and not yet added on the banned list which makes local administration helpless to act. Secondly, licenses of clubs, discotheques etc should be cancelled if any banned substances are found from their premises after thorough investigation. 
0 0 awareness is low people the awareness program's must add in the curriculum and small motivational gifts must provide for other people who take initiative and inform to there parents and teachers and there colleges if we and there should be big penalty for sellers and smugglers like life prisionement 
0 0 PM JD Yojna can be made more advantageousness if Central Govt could take control of BOCW cess from  State Govts and workers can be benefited by way of direct transfer of regular benifit to labours. Re-draft BOCW/PF acts is reqd and labours should be facilitated  by minimising tedious formality of obtaining grant/registration etc in association with various organisation/dept of respective work area.Till adoption by Central Govt for BOCW act, intensive monitoring of BOCW fund is the need of time. 
0 0 My Advice is to educate people for about Drug effects. Involvement of children to this type programs that may help a lot. 
0 0 Contd...The most agonising  factor in the episode of drug menace is the pace and the progressive way in which the youth  in several States and several parts of our country including Punjab, and not excluding the JALANDHAR. DISTT., is falling prey to the drug menace. The youth are the future of this country, and,  by  taking to drugs, the future of the youth, their families, and, in the wider perspective, the future of this great Nation is JEOPARDIZED. HENCE, NEED FOR CAUTION. 
0 0 Continuation of comments of 11 November. To successfully mitigate the menace of drugs from the fibre of our society, it is of paramount importance that we first go all-about for mitigating the reasons which sereve as breeding ground for those who take to drugs who do. For the grown-ups who have left several years past in their life there can be sundry and secondary issues they may be faced with, to avoid which THEY TRY TO SEEK SOLA CE BY JUMPING TO 'ANOTHER WORLD', as they believe throough drugs 
0 0 Contd...The most agonising  factor in the episode of drug menace is the pace and the progressive way in which the youth  in several States and several parts of our country including Punjab, and not excluding the JALANDHAR. DISTT., is falling prey to the drug menace. The youth are the future of this country, and,  by  taking to drugs, the future of the youth, their families, and, in the wider perspective, the future of this great Nation is JEOPARDIZED. HENCE, NEED FOR CAUTION. 
0 0 Dear Narendra Modi sir, if we really want to see india a clean and green country than we should put lot of dustbins at every 200mtr distance because i have seen many people looking for dustbin to throw the garbage bt the cant find. this is very important and major step towards a swaccha Bharat. 
0 0 Dear Sir,With respectfully I beg to draw your kind attention regarding agriculture sector which has always remained neglected by successive governments since independence. Though, the rate of inflation keeps on shrilling always, the formers feel to get any benefits. I have few suggesion to make in this regards. 1. We should try to reduce the cost of production for the formers by taking certain concrete steps like reduring the cost of inputs like seeds, fertilizer and pestisides etc. It will n 
0 0 Continuation of comments of 11 November. To successfully mitigate the menace of drugs from the fibre of our society, it is of paramount importance that we first go all-about for mitigating the reasons which sereve as breeding ground for those who take to drugs who do. For the grown-ups who have left several years past in their life there can be sundry and secondary issues they may be faced with, to avoid which THEY TRY TO SEEK SOLA CE BY JUMPING TO 'ANOTHER WORLD', as they believe throough drugs 
0 0 Kindly also enlighten youth on e-addiction as these days youth are addict of smartphone more than 20 Hrs. This will save youth of future nation. 
0 0 Hello Sir, I have noticed one thing these days. There are road side vendors such as tea stall , puncture shops, etc. who clean their premise on a daily basis ,usually in the morning. After doing that they pile up everything and set that to fire. They don't know what harmful effects it create to the surroundings. Many times I have personally stopped them from doing this. They burn plastic bags, small rubber pieces etc. I want you to convey this message to them so that it can be stopped. Thanku 
0 0 नशा ऐसी बीमारी है जो हमें,हमारे समाज को ,हमारे देश को तेजी से निगलते जा रहा है. हर देश की युवा शक्ति ही उस देश की सबसे बड़ी शक्ति होती है. और आखिर अपना भारत तो युवा देश कहलाया जाता है. युवाशक्ति ही भारत का भविष्य है फिर क्यों देश का भविष्य लिखने वाले युवा अपने हातोंमे सिगरेट लेकर खुद का और भारत का भविष्य अँधेरे की ओर ले जा रहे है. और भविष्य लिखने के लिए हमें सिगरेट नहीं कलम की जरुरत है. मद्यपान करके नाकि सिर्फ आँखों के सामने अँधेरा होता है पर पूरा भविष्य ही अँधेरे में चला जाता है. 
1 0 no need to get youngsters to get out of it,,, please just get drugs to get out of our country...... first of all stop smoking, tobacco, alcohol,etc like so many then go for further............. 
0 0 1. Drug menace can be tackled only by strict action against the drug mafia. NCB,police and other enforcement authorities should be strengthened and be given enough functional autonomy to take action against the drug mafia. An awareness campaign should be undertaken across the nation and to all sections of society 2. Safety for women - steps to be taken 3. U turn by the govt: this must be addressed to clear the air 4. min gov max governance: this must be explained in the wake of cabinet expansion 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नशे के बारे मेँ मनोरजंन जगत विशेषकर बॉलीवुड वर्तमान मे जो धारणा बना रहा है नीँदनीय और चिँताजनक है निवेदन है कि आप इसका संज्ञान ले। मै आपका आभारी रहुगाँ। 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नशे के बारे मेँ मनोरजंन जगत विशेषकर बॉलीवुड वर्तमान मे जो धारणा बना रहा है नीँदनीय और चिँताजनक है निवेदन है कि आप इसका संज्ञान ले। मै आपका आभारी रहुगाँ। 
1 0 Modi Sir hv done extremely good job in all the fields from the day of taking oath.. But recently their party activities become reason to b cursed  Modi goverment.. I am talking abt Agra religious exhange program.. It was not their agenda... One more thing The new DBT scheme.. Due to which poor people of UP cursed BJP goverment becoz poor people not able to manage rs 1000 for lpg.. But due to this bad idea of direct benefit in customer account BJP may loose in upcoming elections in UP 
1 0 Every School should have one/two Classes related to Social Awareness and other Social Activities compulsory on Saturday or any other day. Make avilable Posters in Educational institutes to aware about the Drugs and their aftereffect 
1 0 In our country youngsters blindly follow the celebrities, always eager to copy  the west & the richer. The problem starts here and they can't choose what is good/bad, think it's a great status if they take drugs,something to talk about in friends,much more to showoff his financial condition by consuming high priced drugs which his other known mates can't, the first pill consumed .Later it's too late to control,so we have to educate them regarding the  showoff & death ,reel & real life. . 
0 0 महोदय जी अन्यथा मैं भी गुम हो जाऊंगा दुसरों की तरह ह एक दिन ! धन्यवाद , आपके उत्तर की प्रतिकषा मे आपका अभिषेक 
0 0 महोदय जी आपका कोई जवाब मुझे मजबूत करेगा ! उत्तर की प्रतिक्षा मे आपका, अभिषेक पारीक अजमेर 
0 0 मगोदय जी, मेरी प्राथना है आप से सफाईकीजिये इस गंदगी की भी, धन्यवाद, आपका आम आदमी अभिषेक पारीक अमेर 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, कोई भगवान अवतार लेगा क्या ? NGO पैसे हडपने मे लगे हे, कोई सार्थक प्रयास तो हो, मेरे जैसे की कोई औकात नही इस गंदगी को साफ कर सकू, जिसको भी कहता एक ही जवाब मिलता ये होता रहेगा तुम कितना भी कर लो, आखिर सभी ने भॉंग मिली ढंडाई जो पी रखी है, महोदय जी बहूत दूख हो रहा है , कुछ तो कीजिये , मे समाचार पत्रो से भी दूखी हू न्यूज चाहिये,पर समाधान नही , वरना मसाला नही मिलेगा लिखने को, देखिये इस न्यूज को MD क्या है? 
1 0 Everybody should learn that these are dangerous drugs.Euphoria lasts for short time.Drug literacy is need of hour.The family members, friends & relatives should support such people in their lean/bad period of life.These people need quality time together.The good solution is to stay away from the drugs is to prevent oneself deviated mentally.Ultimately drug provokes the desire but it takes away the actual performance.If one starts thinking like that the there will be two, three & many more. 
0 0 (1) Double or triple the trained dog squads at all airports. Not a single baggage should go unchecked for drugs. (2) All our borders are porous for drug traffickers. Even our security/paramilitary forces  at several levels are sometimes compromised to enable drug trafficking from other countries. We should have the best tech surveillance mechanisms to detect and prevent this. (3) Drug trailing starting with known addicts must be done with professional expertise to bust the supply routes. 
0 0 Drugs use are mostly in Higher class of Society or very poor class of Society. Those who are without social values , illiterate, and without ambition/ responsibility,unemployed or wants to be unemployed are Using Drugs . This can minimize by close  monitoring, laws, and awareness. Moreover Prosperity of Nation (India) shall automatically minimize this menace . See the example of Western Country. We are Hopeful to achieve that 
0 0 4) The government should also set-up a Helpline at national level (like anti-ragging helpline) to help children, parents of the affected child to come out of the addiction.   END 
0 0 3)  Secondly, parents should spend some time with their children so that they can open up and share their problems. Unfortunately, if the child has fallen into the habit of taking drugs, the parents should not blame the affected child but find a solution to get the child out of the habit by giving moral support and taking professional help. The parents should also report the matter to police, who should act sensitively and try to break the chain of drug suppliers/ mafia.     Contd......4.... 
0 0 2) All parents must follow a rule towards their children ‘Paisa Kam Paayar Zyada’ (less money more love). Most of the parents feel that their children will be happy if they give them more pocket money and not ask any account of how they have spent the money. But by doing so their children will develop bad habits including falling in the trap of taking drugs to overcome the loneliness.    Contd......3.. 
0 0 1) Slowly stop cultivation of tobacco, red arecanut, opium, poppy and encourage farmers to go for alternative cultivation. The government agencies can help and educate these farmers in identifying suitable alternative crop which will fetch them good returns.     Contd....2 
0 0 We have an technologically unequipped police ans corrupt, police, to stop these activities, we need to have a strong act to modernise and equip police and in all government sectors to controll these  durg activities 
0 0 Sir, due to word limit, could not complete. The third promise should be not befriend persons who disrespect women. I think Rakhi  days these three promises will help to bring a change in the society. Regards, Naresh Goyal 
0 0 Dear sir, your appeals have value and are respected world over. Declaration of 21st June as international Yoga day is just one such example. Disrespect for women is as big a curse as any other in our system. i have a suggestion to  you to appeal to people to celebrate Raksha Bandan as  a day to commit to Respect Every Woman. On the Raksha Bandan, all sisters, mothers, daughters should ask the men in their family to pledge to respect all women. And the 2nd promise to spread this to friends 
0 0 This is a very important topic for young and old.  I am an NRI, who loves India very much.  I have nothing bad to say, but every where I go, I stop people from doing wrong, stop the ill treating of cows, feed the poor, help in my own way to poor as much as I can.  But we need to educate public, by putting more ads to put a stop to unhealthy habits people already have for a long time period.  Drug addiction coaching in schools by govt officials, and on Radio/TV/Road signs in villages/cities. 
0 0 The menace of Drug Addiction  could be countered through following :- 1. Sensitization of youngsters about harmful effects of drugs. 2. "Youth Centers " should be envisioned which would provide Counseling  , Skill Development ,Moral Guidance and Spiritual Research facilities. 3.    Focused and trained mind of a youngster  would prevent any kind of  addiction. 4. Meditation and spiritual research should be part of school and college curriculum. 
0 0 the problem lies at grassroot level .firstly the shops/chemist which sell   and secondly lack of knowledge about the  ill effects of it. There should something in the syllabus of a child from very begining when he gains conscoius in schools. lastly but mainly police should educate  and create fear in the childs mind ,how it could spoil the future ,carer and life of his. SOMETIMES FEAR IS GOOD 
0 0 Drug problems in boarder states such as Punjab and Rajasthan must be dealt with at a priority basis. Otherwise we will have no Poruses to stop the invading Alexanders. 
0 0 Drug abuse and health problems due to smoking should be included in science curriculum from primary school onwards. Videos  and experiments showing the bad effect of the drugs and smoking on body should be shown to children of all ages. Team of doctors and health care professionals should go door to door, checking members of families for drug problems and getting them registered for treatment and rehabilitation. 
0 0 Open access to drug must be banned. the availability of drugs must happen according to financial appetite & income like Dubai. 
1 0 To tackle the issue of drug use we have to begin from the grass root level that is from the childhood from the schools. Most drug addicts are shaped from the school level. Our school management, police and the government lack the resource ability and will to stop drugs been supplied to school children. If a strong plan is implemented and carried out in the right way, we can to an extend stop drugs from reaching the hands of our future generation. 
1 0 Information got from WHO study in India – published in 2006 Financial loss of Govt. of India due to alcohol for the year 2003-04 is Rs.28 billion for the entire nation Total excise revenue generated from alcohol manufacture and the sale (2003-04 Rs. 216 billion Total social cost (expenditure) attribute to alcohol problem (2003-04) Rs.244 billion (Gujarat; Nagaland; Mizoram & Manipur have prohibition of Alcohol in India) 
0 0 Prime minister aap ye nahi padte hai.... Par apko ye sandesh padne chahiye..... Admin bolo PM ko ki wo padhe in sujhavon KO.... 
2 0 आदरणीय मोदीजी , एन.सी.ई.आर.टी तथा सभी राज्यों के पाठ्य पुस्तक निगमों को निर्देशित कर शराब, सिगरेट तथा ड्रग्स से होने वाले दुश्परिणामो को स्कूल की पुस्तकों मे शामिल किया जाये तो बच्चों को युवावस्‍था से पहले ही सावधान किया जा सकता है | टीवी व रेडियो पर राष्ट्रव्यापी विग्यापन अभियान से भी युवकों मे इस विषय के प्रति जागरूकता लायी जा सकती है | 
1 0 PMji as republic day is approaching , every year when we hear padma awards are announced we feel that those persons have good political connections so got award. we dont get a feel that thy are worth award , so please this time engage people to choose awards and let genuine people get awards . same is d case for rashtrapati award for police n other uniformed people. 
2 0 कोई तो अंत होगा महोदय जी, अच्छे अच्छो की जुबान खोली जा सकती है 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
0 0 Prevention is better than cure. Being a Hand Writing analyst,i'd like to inform that there are certain features occurring in the writing sample if that person starts engaging himself in drugs/Narcotics. I request Modiji,to please include a special course of GRAPHOLOGY(Hand writing analysis) for the teachers in School &Colleges.So then the teachers can easily find out if their students are going for Drug addiction.Addicted children can be treated as well through 'Grapho-Therapy'. 
1 0 फोटो 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी अजमेर में हालात वैसे ही हैं,आज के दो समाचार पत्रो की फोटो भेज रहा हू ! आशा करता हू कूंभकरणी निंद मे सोया प्रशासन आपके आदेश से जग जायेगा ! धन्यवाद , आपका, अभिषेक, अजमेर 
0 0 sir agar desh me kuch b change kana h. uske liye education system ko change krna padega. motal edution ki siksha jo pahle ghr aur schl me di jati thi wo ab puri tarah khatm ho chuki h. ish portal me education wala koi column hi ni h. jabki mujhe lagta h wo sabse pahle chahiye. kyuki bina siksha ( quality education) me changes k sath des me changes lana muskil h 
1 0 there is some law about narcotics medicines for retailers and wholesellers,for eg a falcigo inj or tablets required 3 priscription of doctors and it is usd for maleria but no retailor or wholeseller can sell this medicine,it is hospital supply medicine,in narcotics drug such as codiene,syp mostly youngsters used yhese medicine for drug,there should be 3 priscription,seperate license or should be hospital supply so that no misuse should be done,and less haressment of fda to retailers,wholesellers 
0 0 Impose ban on mephedrone or ‘meow meow’ drug. In Mumbai it is very popular among the youth. It is easily accessible and is very cheap. 
0 0 RTI BLOCK PARASPUR GONDA MU NUMBER 8115414219 
1 0 ज्यादा से ज्यादा हम बड़े अफसरों को शिकायत करते हैं लेकिन हमारी शिकायतों पर कोई सुनवाई नहीं होती। कुल मिलाकर, सरकारी स्कूलों में न आने वाले शिक्षकों या सफाई न करने वाले सफाईकर्मी, राशन दुकानदार, सरकारी ठेकेदार, नेताओं, पुलिसवालों या अफसरों पर हमारा कोई नियंत्रण नहीं है। और यही कारण है कि आजादी के 62 साल बाद भी देश में इतनी अशिक्षा और गरीबी है। लोग टीबी जैसी सामान्य बीमारी से मर रहे हैं। लोग भूखे पेट सोने को मजबूर हैं। सड़कें टूटी हुई हैं और शहर गंदगी का ढेर बन गए हैं। कहने को तो लोकतंत्र में हम म 
0 0 एक ज्वलंत मुद्दा> ग्राम प्रधान एवं ग्रामीण विकास कैसे मिले जनता को सहूलियत चाहे हो वो राशन वितरण का कार्य या फिर ग्राम विकास योजनाओं की बात किसकी होगी कितनी भागीदारी जिससे हो गॉव में खुशहाली 
1 0 Dear sir. Jo bhi naseli chej hai sab sab se pahle to in ko kam kiya jaye ya inki timing kam ki jaye. 2 things jo insaan nase ki halt ya nasa karte hue pakda jaye uske liye 1000.Rs jurmana oe one day jail honi chahiye. 3things 18 sal se kam ko na nasa karne ka hak hai na bechne ka.4 things koi bhi insaan bahar nasa nhi karega jisko karna hai apne ghar ke andar only. 5 things closed all this sutrday. Or sunday 
2 0 1. Make available Toll free counselling help lines. 2. Whereever necessary, pl send counselling help in person. 3. Employ "Apka Mitra" in every town trained in basics of counselling. OR Train present Gram sevak for the role of "Apka Mitra".4. Collect data & analyse for nature of problems- districtwise, statewise. 5. Take policy decisions at national level for aid &  corrective actions required in each region. 6. Introduce & operate "Job on Demand" at every Tehsil level. ( Pool unemployment data) 
0 0 sabse phle to har ek kanun lagu to kiya gya he lekin uska palan kiya ja rha he ki nhi,ya fir kitne effectively wo samaj k nichle star tak work kar raha he,uske liye sarkar ko koi thos kadam uthane chahiye. Jaise ki nasha,drugs uske liye bhi kanun bane he lekin wo effectively work nhi ho rahe he. isaliye mai kahna chahta hu ki koi aisi yojana banayi jaye jiske tahat kanuno ka effect samaj pe dikhe. 
0 0 Dear sir,in Jharkhand only,16% of youth are drugs addicted.It is the serious problem we are facing today.In my point of view,due to lack of quality education,yoga and meditation youth get more attracted towards this.If people get more closer to nature,love to hear chirping of birds,plant the trees and diligently care it, feel the flowers eternally...then no one can attracted towards  this.Because we are not taking interest in natural things so we are taking interest in drugs and got addicted. 
0 0 The child knows only 2 people in his/her formative years. One is the parent and the other is the Teacher. Atleast one of the doors should be fully open for the Child to discuss his/her problem in detail. There are no bad children only bad teachers. Every school should be encouraged to have a closed door counselling room. Only select teachers should be deployed to speak to students. This way the teacher is able to provide a support system to the child and in turn counsel the parent as well. 
0 0 Need a very +ve mindset to lure them away from drugs. I think they are basically very curious and active individuals.  Not afraid to experiment.  They must have a high energy level, that can't easily bear boredom.  The most effective way would then be to excite them mentally with something that requires a lot of creative work and gives ample opportunity  to use both mental and physical faculties that ultimately gives deep satisfaction. Then try yoga for lasting personal mental strength. 
0 0 Adaraniya Pradhan Sevak ji..Cross border taskari band hojae toh iska ek bada hal nikal sakta hai.Agar drugs ki sale par pabandhi lag jaye toh ho sakta hai.Waise agar desh ka har woh chhota neta chahe woh sashan mein ho ya birodhi mein is tarah ke dhande apne ilake mein na failane ki than lele toh yeh sabse bada hal hai.Police ko pata hai drugs bechi jaati hai kaun bechta hai par unke pas power kuch neta log khatam kar dete hain.So empower Govt force to take strong decision not biased by anyone. 
0 0 sir, Drugs is a double edged sword being used by terrorist, enemy countries and underworld. It gives them lot of money for arms purchase and weaken the country by addicting the youth. I would like to draw greater menace of alcohol - liquor usage.Consumption has risen many fold. and now women also has joined as consumer. look at Punjab - Kerala - tamildanu and all the tribal belt. it needs to be curbed with greater iron fist. Liquor destroys the family economy and children suffers. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सरकार समर्थित नशा भी उतना ही खतरनाक है जितना आपके शब्दो मेँ सभी प्रकार का  आतकंवाद बुरा है इसको अपने फायदे के लिये अच्छा नही कहा जा सकता। 
0 0 Pranaam Sir ji, Shrimad Bhagwat Geeta yek Granth hi nahi yeh Sachhat Bhagwaan ki vaani hai. Puraano me kaha gaya hai ki kya Ganga bhi koi Nadi hai,kya Samudra koi talaab hai, kya Aakas bhi koi soonya hai,kya Surya koi aag ka gola hai. To phir esse sidha hota hai ki Gita yek granth nahi balki Bhagwaan ki vani hai, Ese Rastriya Granth banane me kisi bhi kaum ko koi haraz nahi hona chahiye. Es prakar ke different turko se Sabhi Jamaato ko satisfy kiya jana chahiye- RC Shukla, Lucknow 
0 0 Central governments and state governments are the biggest promoter of drug menace. Why for just few crores, governments have permitted production and consumption of alcohol, tobacco. If governments are conniving in these less lethal products, how can one believe that government is serious about deadly menace of drugs. all politicians of all parties, for the sake of their share of money, have knowledge of drug smugglers of their area. why this drama of taking public opinion on drug menace? 
1 0 सर आज भारत देश मे 1947 से पहले के कानुन ही चल रहे है, जिनमे एक Ammunition depot law 1903 है, इस कानुन से सबसे पहले देश को नुकसान है क्योकि आज देश मे सभी Ammunition depot 2 - 10 लाख जनता के बीच है और खुले आसमान मे है, जोकि जनता के लिए तो नुक्सान है ही, साथ ही आतकवादी के हमले से देश को भी नुकसान है. महोद्य मे एक पूर्व सेनिक हू मेरी आप से निवेदन हैकि इस युग मे इस Ammunition depot को under ground protect करने की जरूरत है. इसके लिए पेसा कहा से आएगा वह भी मेरे पास सुजाव है. इस विषय पर गोर करे 
1 0 One of the form of addiction prevalent among young children and adolescents in north east is use of dendrite. This is visible at railway stations and other places where young children are using dendrite. The sale of dendrite in small tubes through stationery shops should be banned and should not be sold to children. Need urgent steps to save our children as this habit has very bad effect on health and leads to poor physical and mental development. 
0 0 Mygov.in Sub:- Possible solution to save lives of our soldiers Soldiers engaged in battle in J&K  I saw a program infirst week of Dec or last week of Nov on ALzijaraTV  Which showed equipment which can locate human in debris devastated in earthquake It located human being onheart beating and it can differentiate between human being and animalsas well.   It can be of great help if used in J&K where militants hide and soldiers encircle the area but could not locate the exact location which leads 
2 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, राजस्व की भूखी सरकारे नशे जैसे दानव पर वरदहस्थ है नशे की कमाई से किये कार्य निरर्थक है। 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, राजस्व की भूखी सरकारे नशे जैसे दानव पर वरदहस्थ है नशे की कमाई से किये कार्य निरर्थक है। 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, राजस्व की भूखी सरकारे नशे जैसे दानव पर वरदहस्थ है नशे की कमाई से किये कार्य निरर्थक है। 
0 1 In the decade of 1960s,a great saint of India went to spread the Hare Krishna Movement in America. He made many drug addicts to leave intoxication of all kinds without the help of any treatment or anti-addiction program. He made the youth to give up the illicit sex,gambling & meat eating. His name was SWAMI SRILA PRABHUPADA. Government  need to know about his contribution & also take help of the organisation formed by him ISKCON in this effort of making addicts to SAY NO TO DRUGS. 
0 0 Subject: nongiven compansassion Message: The IPH Department constructed water tanks on our land in the year 2005. That time the officials verbally committed that as a compensation, civil jobs like as water guard would be provided to my family against the acquired land and also give the compassion as on market value . But till date I have not received any intimation from IPH department. I lot of time wrote to Ministers , CM, SDM, SDO, S.E, Exen DC, Land officer , revenue Department Chef Engineer 
0 0 PM Shri Narendra Modi Jee Bahut Achcha laga Ki Aap Ne Drugs ke Regarding Mann Ki Baat Me Is Subject Me Likne ka Moka Diya.Drugs Ke Regarding Law Banana Chahiye Or Ye Aapke Under Aaye. Drugs Lekar Hi Aaj Rape Hote Hai Or Sabse Jada Imp Hai Ki " PORN SITES "Band honi Chahiye Bharat Me. Jo PORN MOVIE Me Dikaya Jata h Use Hi Log Drugs Lekar Kar Rhe Hai.Drugs Or Nasha Karne Bali Medicine Bi Band Honi Chahiye.Nashe Ki Add Jo Bi TV Ya News Paper Me Aati Hai Use Bi Band Kar Dena Chahiye . 
0 0 Contd...The causes and reasons one can think of for the youth of PUNJAB, and for that matter those in any other State and part of our country, is their soft and quick vurneabliliy to circumstances around and near to them. They very easily get lost and get absorved when presented with easy option of getting past their uneasiness of not getting easy break-through, SOMETIMES IN THEIR PURSUIT OF STUDIES, AND, AT ANOTHER THEIR FULFILLING THEIR FUTURE PLANS. THEY  HAVE TO BE MADE AWAKENED OF ILL-FALLS 
0 0 It is most important to know people who are Drug addicted. Mostly have seen that even parent don't know that their child is drug addicted and as basic education starts form the Home , the  cure also should start from home. Because parents and family can help the most to their children. So will have to educate the parents and will have to teach them about the symptoms of Druggiest. So that they can start curing their children. 
0 0 माननीय युवा ह्रदय सम्राट प्रधानमंत्री जी ,बॉलीवुड की नशे के बारे मे वर्तमान भुमिका निँदनीय और चिँताजनक है इसको संज्ञान मे लेकर कार्यवाही करे।ये मेरी आपसे प्रार्थना है। 
1 0 any fruitful change/effort needs two ponged design! For health: 1. strict punitive rules for defaulters and law breakers 2. more important make Acupressure a/o yoga compulsory for whole work force - appoint therapists from block level to corporate to district and state to country levels. If AYUSH cannot handle have another regulatory body etc. I am willing to take suitable share of responsibility.Contact:7505954264 
0 0 Contd...Discussion on the drug menace would not be complete without trying to put a finger on the reasons and causes for the hale and hearty people becoming 'drugees'. One reason one can think of is the laziness on the part of the people failing to feeling  the virtues of gainfully absorving themselves in gainful avocations, of there is no dearth only if one keeps on thinking positively fighting the frustrations that may surface hitting them. FRUSTRATIONS NEED BE FOUGHT BACK WITH MIGHT. 
0 0 Sir i am from moradabad. in my city last five year drugs addict people increase in large quantity. police and drug seller working together. No action for any complaint. 
0 0 Sir, as said the fear of God is needed for Evil to be in limits, in the same way the fear of loss of self life and impact on the near dear family members can only make a positive change initiative towards leaving or reducing the drug consumption habit of the people who indulge into such. I regret to quote, but the most learned Doctors of our country are seriously intobpracticing of drug consumption hence I strongly believe education has failed in stopping the habits to spread... Fear is a lifesa 
0 0 Contd...The drug menace is, no doubt an ill that needs to be fought against with all the vigour at our command. Not only the present, this manace is hell bent to eat into our future as well. Future in the sense that the youth in not an insigificant number, are becoming addict to drugs in Punjab, destroying their own future and the future, and the future of their families. One can well imagine as to how painful is it FOR PARENTS TO WATCH THEIR WARDS GOING ASTRAY. 
0 0 Lately,  the drug menace is spreading its wings at an extra pace in Punjab. Whatever the reasons be, it has assumed alarming proportions englufing a considerable chunk of the population. This menace has put afire the tranquilty of several families in the State. It is chilling to think of the fate of the families in which the men-folk have  abondoned their responsibilities towards their families falling prey this menace. THIS MENACE IS DEADLY. ONCE ONE GETS TO IT, IT ABSORVES HIM FOREVER. Contd.. 
0 0 Lately,  the drug menace is spreading its wings at an extra pace in Punjab. Whatever the reasons be, it has assumed alarming proportions englufing a considerable chunk of the population. This menace has put afire the tranquilty of several families in the State. It is chilling to think of the fate of the families in which the men-folk have  abondoned their responsibilities towards their families falling prey this menace. THIS MENACE IS DEADLY. ONCE ONE GETS TO IT, IT ABSORVES HIM FOREVER. Contd.. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir Drugs becoming an menace to our young  generation and to the future  of this country.I suggest few steps to be taken at the earliest 1.Young generation to be made aware about Drugs Menace from a very early age of 10 in school 2.keeping Drugs and selling drugs should be and non bail able offence 3.Enforcement agencies to be given more autonomy and strength and modernize the force with latest equipment and technologies District bordering International borders should have special forces 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय द्वारा अपने देश के बाहत अन्य देशो में जानें पर जो हिन्दी में भाषण दिया जाता है वह बहुत ही सराहनीय है इससे मूझे बहुत अच्छा लगा । इसी तरह से मै महोदय से अनुरोध करना चाहूंगा, कि माननेय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय केन्द्र एवं राज्य शासन के सभी कार्यालयों में भी अधिक से अधिक हिन्दी में ही कार्य किये जानें हेतु निर्देशित करें, साथ ही सूचना एवं प्रोद्योगिकी मंत्रालय द्वारा जारी हिन्दी में कार्य किये जानें संबंधी साफ्टवेयर शासकीय कर्मचारी एंव आम जनता को निशुल्क उपलब्ध कराये जायें । धन > 
0 0 As addicts strive to keep their habit secret, only a small group of colleagues, friends and relatives are aware of the problem. Out of this group relatives like spouse, parents and children are usually not heeded. So colleagues and friends(who are not addicts as well) play a crucial role in counselling the addict. However, in the real world, people ignore such situations fearing accusations of meddling and/or loss of friendship. It is crucial that such people understand their responsibilities. 
0 0 Earlier Moral education was one of the subject taught regularly till 5th standard,this is missing now a days. Secondly self-retrospection  is vital ,there should be one more column to be added in Profile. Do You Take Drug(Specify Names). 
0 0 drugs menace in punjab the food bucket of india..... take some strict action .. it become drug terrorist affected state... 
0 0 sir, thinner ka use bhi kuch log नशे ke roop me kar rahe hai ,,,,is ko rokne ke liye hume licence system lana jaruri hai,,,lekin jo market me bottle me whitner(fluid) aata hai useke saath whitner bhi aata hai....use kaise rona hai ...i dont know............. 
0 0 Police, Local Municipal Corporations, Owners and Managers of Clubs, Pubs, Discos should form a integrated syndicate and find out the source of drugs. How come they have been easily accessible to common people and poor people. Simultaneously rehabilitation programme also should be given importance. There should be strict and severe punishment both in physical as well as financial to those involved in this trade. Police can be more vigilant & cautious. Create awareness about after effects of drugs 
0 0 Dear pm you have to give attention towards farmers which are fron region of Maharashtra,Gujarat etc Which are in famine,you have to meet them and directly discuss What is there problem why they are suicide because now a days your image in farmer is formed bye the opposition like a you are only made businessman not for farmers .... 
0 0 My suggestions are: 1-Moralising the children the ancient way of reading Hitopadesha and moral stories from the school days which is totally missing from the public school curriculae these days. 2- putting the children to yoga practices from as early as school days with interesting physical exercises. Yoga is the best and subtlest way to build a strong character with strong will power. Strong will is the surest tool to fight any menace of life including the trap of drug abuse. 
0 0 Adarniya sirjee, ek esa muda jise rail se safar karte samay dekhte sab hai par sab nazarandaz karte hain. patriyon ke kinare ya station ke kono me 7-8 sal se 15-16 sal ke bache kapde me koi padarth dal kar sunghte rehte hain. inki halat bahut dainiye hoti hai. Koi sanstha aise bachoon me dilchaspi nahi leti. Aise lakhon bache pure Bharat me honge jo andhkar me dam tod dete hai. Inkeliye kuch kiya jana chahiye. Please is vishay par jaroor kuch kijiyega. Choti si umar me dardnak maut. dhanyab 
0 0 parents and family member always guide from childhood drungs is dangrous also Teacher guide about this whats problem may occur may strong rule drungs shop make very distance from educational area also ban for student and below19 year 
0 0 In youngster mostly friends and college is the initial phase of drug. Parents also part of it Before giving pocket money parents  should think that where it is used and check their bag or room weekly. Depression is the second reason for taking drug now parents should become a friends in young age. Drug supplier should ban, beggars near mandir, dark area  shall not be allowed. Yoga+ Treatment centre should be open to every  2 to 5 Km area (office or Housing society) to controlled mind and body. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमन्त्रीजी गावो मे गली-गली मे सडक-बीजली-पानी कि सुविधा सरकार उपलब्ध करा रहि है. ऊसका कोइ सरकारी अधिकारि निरिक्षण करता है ? 
0 0 basic level of helth education should be made compulsory. which cover drug used for simple disease and dangerous drugs. self awarness is better than forcing them. art of living and yoga should be subjects in teaching. we teach scince, technology,manegment and how to make money but we are forgetting to teach how to live life... love created towards life keep the person away from crime and drug consumption... 
0 0 Let us start with not labeling people under drugs as out cast, let us not shun the, what these guys need is compassion and care and councelling. Let them be part of main stream. Make all felt part of society. The mentality needs to change towards such people. Also all and sundry should be placed under strict control and family bonds and skills development along with youth engagement should be three planks. 
0 0 There are lower down of Petrol Diesel Prices but still Amul Milk price are same. Is it not possible to downgrade the price of Amul Milk!!! 
0 0 Hello Sir, I live in Ahmedabad. I too support a clean and healthy India. All of us know that Gujarat is a dry state, Alcohol is banned  here. But what I've seen here that ban is only for the name sake, if you want liquor pay double the price n you'll get it in black!!! I don't understand how this is any good for citizens as well as government. The citizens pay double, government loses tax and black money gets stronger. I request you to make this ban a hardcore ban or lift it to weaken black mkt. 
0 0 "Kill drug with modi hug". 1- india a country of infinite dishes. drugs khane ka to time hee nhi. 2- zero nutrition drug value. 3- total waste of money (u spend 100 rs for just a pinch of it, same 100 can fetch 5 glasses of baba ramdev' s natural energizing juice. 4- the person selling it becomes richer and the one buying poor. 5- drug only minuses health in fact u can drink beer once in a month with friends which pluses in some way. 
0 0 We can create fear using NLP. Never underestimate drug. Its proven that drug and terror have link.Today drug is available in every city or village. An aggressive action is necessary "prevention is better than cure". use advance technology. We have good example of Pujab when it was neglected. create a good reward system for narco department. They have brain, experience and guts. Create/show a documentary which reach  every heart and family. Improve intelligence as sophisticated as anti terror. 
0 0 Dear PM, Please suggest citizens especially youth who do every evil thing in the name of friendship. Beware of such friends. SAY NO TO SUCH FRIENDS. Thanks to "Satyamev Jayate" as the show suggested sports as the solution. Encourage sports, 
0 0 Drugs are of different kinds. "Action is necessary" rather than awareness. Our system is best to counter drugs. But corruption is a root cause. It is a difficult times for Indians; bokoharam and  dawood have nexus today. We have to brake it. It can only be done by Action not by negotiation and awareness.. 
0 0 Dearest PM, Corruption is root cause of all evils-small or big take examples of raps, crime or terrorist activities,  congress and other parties rides on Corruption if you are able to finish CORRUPTION evil from this country, you don’t have to waste lot of energy or these activities which are subsidies of corruption and only focus of development work. Please punish YADAV SINGH as hard as possible treat him like rapist as he has raped  NOIDA and  trying to do this will his evil mind and black money, send strong possible message to society and create fear in minds of these people who involved in corruption and don’t care if some-body is BJP supporter or BJP representative if he is involved in corruption then punish him, Congress ruled for so long because of corrupt practices, please finish this Dracula as black money with in India is as important as black money parked in tax havens. 
0 0 Dearest PM, Corruption is root cause of all evils-small or big take examples of raps, crime or terrorist activities,  congress and other parties rides on Corruption if you are able to finish CORRUPTION evil from this country, you don’t have to waste lot of energy or these activities which are subsidies of corruption and only focus of development work. Please punish YADAV SINGH as hard as possible treat him like rapist as he has raped  NOIDA and  trying to do this will his evil mind and black money, send strong possible message to society and create fear in minds of these people who involved in corruption and don’t care if some-body is BJP supporter or BJP representative if he is involved in corruption then punish him, Congress ruled for so long because of corrupt practices, please finish this Dracula as black money with in India is as important as black money parked in tax havens. 
0 1 NLP Bliss offers services such as 'Get Rid of Phobia/Fear/Addiction’, ‘Perform at Peak in Exams/Interviews’, ‘Get over Bad memories’, ‘Start New Habits' etc., where any one can walk into the soon-to-be-launched NLP Bliss centers around the country, meet a qualified practitioner and get a Transformation Instantly. http://www.nlpbliss.com/ 
0 0 Drug peddling thrives on anonymity which has to be removed. Law must be amended to permit all convicted drug peddlars to be radio collared by police on their necks for a period of 5 years. When they walk on the street they can be identified and those approaching them also get identified. Once anonymity is lost many will not be willing to come forward to help the smugglers to peddle the drugs and the addicts will also not prefer to approach them. Police can also track them. 
0 0 Respected PM. The "increase in usage" tht u talk bout is especially seen among the teenagers. #Like sex education, drug education needs 2 b mandatory in school. #Since its considered as a recreational activity, D Energy of the youth should b channelized into better recreational activities like Trekking, Adventure sports, Parks, etc n suitable facilities should b provided.#If caught, thr should b compulsory rehabilitation program. #Market rate of drugs shld b very high so police need to act. THX. 
1 0 With all due respect sir Govt is promoting alcohol consumption to get revenue They are give lincense  for each and every corner of state Same applies on drugs Than they spend that money on hospitals to treat those who get depression and others who get accident and looses life 70-80%road traffic accident are due to under influence of alcohol Than why should not ban it in India OR make it rare to get 
2 0 Hellosir I work near Pakistan border in Rajasthan as a doctor Due to increase in price of opium derivative So many people now come for de addiction   and so many people are now out off this hell So one of measure step ll be to increase drugs price 1000% Where is the problem in that Side by side we should be ready to handle them with care bye providing better counselling better treatment that too in reachable manner 
1 0 Respected Sir Namaskar, 
1 0 Aadrniye pradhan sewak mahoday g. Mai aapko Defence ki critical samasya k bare me kuch share karne ja raha hoo. Recently bahut se aise cases aaye jisme Jawan n Officer k bich mar pit ya kavi kavi murder tak ki ghatna ho jati hai. Hamare Desh ki Aajade se pahle ka jo working culture tha Arm Forces ka wahi aaj v hai. Angrej chale gaye jo Arm forcess me jyadatar officer hua karte the par aaj v o Apna working culture gaya nahi. Ak bahut bari khai bana di gayi hai jo Aaj v maintain hai. 
2 0 Modi Ji , Now young generation role model is Naredra Modi You need to share the moment when you inspired drug addict and he has left and came on main stream 
0 0 "No one is Addicted to anything unless they are shown the positive influence of that particular things" Dear Modi ji , *I am well aware of the menace of drugs among the youngsters ..as  belong to that age group. *Main cause for the youngster going towards drugs and that dark lifestyle is associating of 'cool and independent attitude' by many movie songs and movies. *a 4 year old child singing "char bottle vodka:" on comedy show ..and his parents were also enjoying. 
0 0 Legalizing Marijuana can cut down the count of leathal and harmful drugs..marijuana which has resulted in less deaths than alcohol is the solution.And as a personal user of marijuana, as stated by "Dr.Sanjay Gupta" i think the judicial system should be put on a leash as to police is involved in this organized crime. A documentary GOONJ-The EMPTY CALL can be a good example to see the right and the wrong side of it. 
0 0 Sir schedule h drug and narcotics drug must be sell by pharmacist who have master degree in pharmacy 
0 0 By enclosing a study Chapter in 5th-6th class (early stage) with environment study. By regular ad on tv and radio in a new form. 3rd Eye on village-city level by making Laws (like Prohibit the sells like school and colleges with challan system). "Sudhar gragh" on Distinct level 
0 0 Basic problem of all crimes is state controlled police..corrupt helpless inactive..some r forced for no take action..some will never take action..if we can have effective enforcement system..all crimes will reduce to considerate level.. 
0 0 We need to formulate laws to promote love and togetherness among diversified thoughts. Our existing system of education is good for creating headache; never provide any insight for love and togetherness. Our legal frame work need to be changed urgently  from  penalizing system to motivational system to make millions good citizens. Most of problems in the society is on account of  decision from administrative framework lacking  love and caring. 
0 0 Nothing is going to stop not drugs, rapes or crime until & unless very strict & instant hard action is taken, this all is not going to stop.... 
0 0 Sir, We need to formulate laws for Individual Rating and all contributor to the economy will be benefited. Point based rating and on accumulation of  certain point government may formulate system to get en-cash able   rating certificate. Special attention to be given for those person whose rating is below satisfactory level. Points for good karma and negative points for bad karma based rating need to be done. Getting of  statutory clearance/assistance need ore-specified minimum rating. 
0 0 Addiction to any drug/alcohol, primary cause is mental  instability.  School teacher especially teaching VIII to XII & UG should be trained to diagnose early symptoms towards such  weakness.  We can also develop & conduct aptitude test which will be able to indicate likely hood of addiction.  (in similar lines of career guidance).  Deaddiction centers are very few.  Their numbers to be increased.    Govt campaign that addiction is a disease & people suffering r accepted by society and treated. 
0 0 Drugs for common public mostly comes from foreign countries, their's very simple way just make very hard custom checking....but it's very difficult because in whole india custom is so much corrupted for import & export that their is no limit to that..... 
0 0 Sir, Drugs are outcome of competitive economy. An economic system focused on love and caring will dilute the presence of drugs. Lack of motivational Gurus/ mentor in our society is the main reason. We need social engineers who regularly need to visit individuals and make him do work with motivational support. We need to formulate laws for maintenance of love and caring, instead of Tonnes of negative minded laws, which is capable of doing all wrong things. 
0 0 First of all Children should be told about Discipline of day to day activities with House elders so that they can watch their activities out of their work so that he will be alert . First & foremost is 1) Reporting to elders by Mobile their movement so that they will feel secure in this e-world . Nowadays Freedom of  ladies should be guided . Even late night staying outside without informing the parents /husband is not at all correct . Freedom too much means to go for trying to drugs etc 
0 0 1. Stop giving of medicines without prescription. Most of the drugs are purchased over the counter. 2. Media, TV, and Press should be having innovative films and ads on this issue. 3. Restrict the entry of hawkers into educational institutions. 4. Devise equipment to check drug intake and implement it in traffic just like the alcohol balloon. 5. Conduct raids on drug joints and also taking of drugs in public places like parks should be banned. 
0 0 1) Start Teaching in Schools , Colleges Drugs are bad. Let children know disadvantages at early age so they will not line towards bad habits. 2) More rehabilitation centers across india. 3) Advertisement campaign "Its SHAME to die as DRUG addict" 
0 0 No.1- We cannot reduce the market. No.2- We can reduce the production through an integrated monitoring system. No.3- Commonly we hear Doctors being implicated in Negligence cases. Priority should be to eradicate the quacks who violently prescribe random drugs. No.4- "To consume or not" is an individual's right. Side effects of drugs should be printed on all drugs to reduce the unwarrented consumption. 
0 0 hiring of licences should be strictly prohibited which are being hired by the non qualified inter or graduate peoples and doing the malpractices.margins in the medicine making the market so dirty that practitioners are prescribing the soil instead of quality medicine just for margin and profit.no chemist counter in india having a literate pharmacist with same education background instead the medical stores are running by hiring the licence by inter or B A pass peoples.this field must have a look 
0 0 medicines are the basic life line in critical situations of life but today it is being smuggled in country itself with wrong formulations where the combination is something and it actually contains something else.in pharma industry wholesalers are doing this with amendments in purchase bills and at the retail levels it is being done by hiring of pharmacy licence which should be stricktly stopped and the person with same background of education should run such clinics,wholesale and chemst countr. 
0 0 5.rasto me anewale wire poles dp ki jhanjat se aajhadi 6.khetibadi krne wale ko electricity bill se aajhadi hogi 7.India digital ligation hone me shurwaat hogi 
1 0 priy PM modiji ko namskar sir aaj hamare desh me urja bachat ka bada mudda hamare samne hai agar hamne ispe aaj charcha nahi ki to kal ko iska samna krne ka sankat aa sakta hai, is baat pr mere man me  aaye huye vichar apse share krna chata hoon Agar hm sab gharo me solar panel lagwa de jo ki suraj ki kirno se urja le kr ghar me electricity  paida kr de to isse hone wale fayde niche likh raha hoon 1.Pani bachat 2.urja bachat 3.kayla bachat 4.Short circuit ki samya nhi 
0 0 Root cause of social evils like drugs terrorism etc. is socio-economic arising out of lack of meaningful education. Our neighbours have been using this weapon to target our youth of Punjab, the strong force to weaken our country. Therefore, effective policing is necessary to tackle existing menace and measures to tackle root cause. 
0 0 to stop drug menace in India by cutting the supply. Find out the routs of drug supply and stop it 1.Anti drug squad which will be having powers to conduct raids etc. 2.Also they must have dogs which is trained for sniffing  drugs. If it could be done in metros and major cities it will be more effective. Local police in metros also could use dogs for the raids 
0 0 To control drugs first govt has to ban the tobacco farming and should close tobacco boards first. As the tobacco plantation will decrease the fertility of soil. And should ban selling of all kind of tobacco products totally. Proper education at the young age and monitoring of smuggling strictly may reduce drug addiction. 
0 0 Tagline for Clean Ganga Hum sab bachon ki Aasha Nirmal Ho Maa Ganga ki dhara. 
1 0 I dream of working with you to play an instrumental role in the awakening the destiny of our great nation. I will be appearing for the Civil Services examination next year and if found worthy, I shall employ the best of my capability and stretch the limits of my physical capacity to build the India of Tomorrow because I firmly believe that, under your capable leadership; Yes, We Can. 
0 0 THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA ELECTRONIC TRANSFER DEPT, 6, SANSAD MARG, JANPATH, NEW DELHI, H.O. 110001, NEW DELHI. www.notifics.rbi.org.in Our ref: RBI/0A2/8138061 File:rbi/lo/f12 RESERVE BANK OF INDIA OFFICIAL PAYMENT NOTIFICATION The Governor of Reserve Bank Of India Dr Raghuram Rajan today announce that you have been selected as one of the individuals to be compensated with Five Hundred Thousnad Pounds  due to your unfinished/internatmonal international transactions.Send your details to below 
0 0 I am unsure if anyone took the time to read the above prose, but am grateful to anyone who did. Please write back to me with your thoughts and feedback so I can gain a better understanding of what I stand for and am able to share more of my quiescent plans if you have the time or inclination.I am deeply inspired by you and fascinated by your vision.Thus I have decided to dedicate my life to the service of the nation.If possible please suggest a means to communicate without word limits. 
0 0 In my humble opinion, India must make timely and shrewd diplomatic interventions to fill the closest-powerful-ally vacuum in Pakistan and prevent the funding of proxy wars waged against India from their soil by incisive and decisive decision-making and intelligence-gathering. This issue will require a consistent long-term strategy and dedicated political will to reap small imperceptible but sustainable rewards without any bloodshed. 
0 0 This was only a suggestion, the main idea being that India must influence its neighbours’ political situation so as to ensure a favourable environment for itself. The Pakistani population has suffered long and more lasting impacts of our mutual hostility and endured enough exploitation so their profound public discontent could be channeled into a force of change resolving their plight and our problem once and for all. 
0 0 The Pakistani media will obviously have to be efficiently utilized to this end. India’s orchestration must obviously be undetectable so a powerful but reasonable political ally that stands to gain from the partnership is essential. Enter Imran Khan, a progressive who stands to gain everything from exposing Pakistani corruption, with a political ideology that can be slowly n subtly shifted into an Indian leaning, a mass-base following that can grow much larger with media and intellectual support 
0 0 Sprucing it up with facts from actual proofs of collusion between Pakistani and allied administrations to exploit their population and use them as a disposable weapon, could be used to spark public debates over Pakistani administration’s deliberate attempts to continue hostilities with India for personal gain at the cost of national interest.Pakistani population must be made to realize that their administration has cheated them of a mutually beneficial friendship with us, their natural allies. 
0 0 I believe the only permanent solution to the Pakistan problem is influencing the only entity that democracies can only subvert, never suppress: public opinion. Our neighbours have been indoctrinated with anti-Indian propaganda for generations so any amount of political co-operation does not solve the ground reality. The reverse, however, may prove just as effective. India may (for example) arrange for the publishing of a book on Indo-Pakistani relations by a renowned influential Pakistani. 
0 0 As a doctor, I must advise you to take proper care of your health and get regular check-ups and stretch the limits of your mortal body only to a reasonable extent in your endeavour. After all, India would suffer a paralyzing shock if anything were to happen to you so I request you to kindly institute a dedicated, highly skilled and loyal security force for the Prime Minister. The recent security mishaps are very serious lapses and must never occur again. 
0 0 ‘More mouths to feed but more hands to work’. The unsustainable population explosion created vicious cycles of poverty and illiteracy which deprived the weaker segment of population of any means to better their lot. I believe that the prime responsibility of the administration is to provide its population with the Opportunity to provide for themselves; and the skill development and training required to make them eligible for such opportunities. 
0 0 Your kind attention is invited towards my candidature, wherein after qualified NET conducted by UGC, more than 37 publications with 6.6 years working experience still I am working on contractual job in Govt. Sector at low salary. I have been regularly applying for the post of ASSISTANT PROFESSOR in different universities but still no positive result has come. You are, therefore requested to kindly take necessary action and also provide necessary help to me TO GET SUITABLE JOB. 
0 0 Our aim should be  5 cr small n micro entrepreneur in & 20 cr Job creation. which will narrow rural Urban divide. Low n semi educated  get job.it also stop drop of family value, DROP SUPPLY OF CRIMINAL ELEMENT to Criminal setups. 
0 0 Punjab, which is principal feed to the armed forces is worst hit by scourge of drugs-is there an inimical design in this? 
2 0 Sir, Desh  ke  niwashi aap se ummid karte ha ki aap desh ko nashamukt karenge desh  ke navuvko ko avm  niwasiyo ko muft ki rewadi cash dene ke  bajay do hatho ko yogayta anusar kam dene ke liye rozgar uplabdh krayege. Desh ko swach banane ke liye polothin ka  utpadan  hi band karwa de tatha  sarab ki bikri desh me band krwa de. Aaj no  jawam daru pine me laga he. Rajasthan me industries  nahi he. Desh  me jyada se  jyada  udhoyg lagne chahiye labor class ke pass work h padhalikha ghoom rha h 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नशा अपराध का सबसे बङा कारण है । आप इसके उन्मूलन के लिये कार्य करे । ये आपकी भारत को सबसे बङी सामाजिक देन होगी । 
0 0 Dear Sir, First of all thanks for such initiative. I would like to discuss change in Life expectancy over the years.Though medical facilities are better after the independence,people can afford better food still average Life expectancy is decreasing. When we see our grandparents or older citizen they have lived till 90 years or more while now the average is around 65-70.In Himachal we normally say they ate pure food and ghee but I believe there should be study on this and fact be highlighted 
0 0 sir,india me bhut jyad rape,murder,har din hote ja rehe hai,please  ap kuch tosh kadm uthye logo ko bhut jyad apse umeed hai mai khud apka bhut bada fan hu or apka koi buri karta hi to acha nahi lgata hi sir plz koi aisa kadm uthye ki loot rape or murder or rok lag jye 
0 0 Sir, I have come across an article that Bhim Girls Higher Secondary School, Rajasthan, where there are 700 hundred Girls students and only 4 Teachers, these Girls student have approached the area Collector also since hardly any one to teach them, however local administration taking action against Principal why these student approached the authority. The future of this Girls student are at stake. Sir, your one minute intervention can save the future of Girls student of this School. 
0 0 PM sir,best way to solve land acquisition problems you should give compensation of today act 2013 to all who have not been paid till 2013,despite of any reason,don't go in legality.one's land can't be sold to higher price to other by the way of any act sir,one section has to loose and other to gain.your govt is a true wellfair govt sir. 
1 0 Sir, We need your motivation on moulding the character on the youngsters. We need your special attention on the woman safety. Your speech on Aug 15 was an inspirational one but we need your actions to be taken. I heard Gujarat is one of the safest state for girls I wanted India to be safest country for woman. You often addressed your meeting saying that you take small initiatives, please take up this initiave sir. Drugs and Drinking are the more influencing these crimes sir. Hope you take act. 
0 0 Sir, in some cases I've observed that the youth mostly get addicted to drugs and alcohol when they start staying away from their families at a young age. I agree that this ain't the case with every individual, but maximum of them get addicted to some or the other intoxicating addictions. And its not a bad option to live independently when one is over 18, but everyone should understand what their responsibilities are. 
0 0 Sir, Central Govt. employees working in Ministries/Directorate work on rotational basis in different ministry/deptt.  if similarly all the central Govt. employees are working in Subordinate offices posted in any deptt. should be made to work in rational basis in order to minimize the corruption. 
0 0 Digitization is a great deal of help. but prior to that railway should make sure that passengers should not have bad experiences as I had. On several occasions i have seen people with deformed parts begging from compartment to compartment. Then the menace of hijras who i guess have made this there business to ask people for money and if anybody denies they would  use foul languages, wrong gestures and some time even get physical. If these things prevails the digitization would only be for a name 
0 0 Agar sir ab bhi alcohol etc ban nahi hue to for humaare sujhav dena faltu hi rahega... Or aisa hi lagega 
0 0 in todays world your income or capitalism has taken on youth and serials shown are such that even we feel as if we are low income people and youth take clues from such movies or serials and feel unsuccessful and than moving to drugs is just a step 
0 0 respected sir, drugs problem is created by system here police and those agencies allowing it to pass our borders instead of blaming other countries we should introspect on our policing to my knowledge police knows each illegal activity happening in its area they turn blind eye for their personal gains our youth is laso frustrated due to unequal incomes as many thing their right has been taken out since he has no connection to powers though he is capable of getting job than others no transparency 
0 0 Drug free India campaign should be started immediately. 
0 0 Ñighbour enemy countries trying to ruin the power of the youth of our country by supplying drugs to make the countrymen drug edict. To stop smuggling drugs and save our country a campaign should be started like swchha bharat or Masha mukt bharat. 
0 0 I used to smoking,so i know to give up from these type of adiction is really very hard and need a great will-power honestly i hadn't such will-power.I find alternatives of cigrate and changing them to a lower lavel.I understood this is the mind which demand so i fulfill it by alternatives.now days i love coffie.and i don't have any bad habit.    Thanks.. 
0 0 Sir, I want to draw ur attention to very practical side from where one starts taking drugs i.e. in the college age. Now-a-days a new trend has started that if u r in college life, u hv to either smoke or drink or take drugs. I have passed college last year & saw that how the mentality of youths has changed. Most think that to enjoy college life, one must do these nonsenses. And some who dont do this, hv to listen comments from those who do as if they were doing a great job. Thankfully I was spared of it but there r so many talented youths doing this. Sir please announce that college life is not the synonym of spoiling health & character....there can be other ways of enjoying life. Our parents also used to go college & they enjoyed college life much more without even touching drugs.. If taking wrong things at this age stops, youth will take India on top. 
0 0 A pilot project of legalising cannabis with strict laws can be done in Punjab, a state reeling under drug issue. Legalisation would stop the menace and it would earn the govt a lot in terms of taxes. Example visible in Colorado, US 
0 0 Cannabis : Greedy and immoral Zionist pharma corporations want to eradicate this heavenly plant. It was brought to earth by Lord Shiva. Cannabis has the natural wonder content  Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) with nil side effects. Biodegradable hemp or cannabis has amazing industrial uses. This post can be useful- http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffer... 
0 0 A big way to eradicate this issue is legalisation of marijuana.http://www.scoopwhoop.com/inothernews/legalize-marijuana/ 
0 0 India is a land of GURUKULS where we were getting education without hardcore money transaction. But in developing india education became code business and now these days schools are making profit in 100 million and a general person is taking education loan for education, don’t we think this is shame for us and education should not become business. can there be a regulatory to define fee structure so healthy education will be reachable for all category of persons and schools will not lose moral. Actually there is no value add by state government schools, reason behind they are Hindi medium and lack of dedication in work(there is difference in presence and dedication), same problem here is, no time bound targets. There should be a new sole for Education sector, this sector should come with private public partnership with controlled fee and with required facilities. by this bay all things would be implemented good governance, good education delivery, and cost saving. I can provide more details if required. 
0 0 'Drugs' the main problem through which our society is suffering now a days.It has its impact mainly on the youth.There are a lot of students  who went to study away from home to other states and cities are the main victims of this destroyer(drugs).These students think there is nobody around  looking at them so they start smoking, chewing tobacco and many other ways of having drugs. After sometime they become addict. To keep them away from the drugs the govt. should organise social  programs which make them realize their duty towards their parents and society so they remain away from this destroyer 
0 0 as lot of analysis says, for maximum problems root cause is same, that is less fear for policy violation, if we see same in private sector no one tries to bypass the policy because of hard punishment, opposite to that we don’t see policy violation fear in government job. even many times we hear that, suspension is a bonus for government employee as they would be getting half salary without any effort and had assurance that they will get remaining money after sometime once they will get favorable decision. question is, can we implement termination in government jobs like private along with good policy that will manage all evidence and decision before termination. We see lot of persons show interest in government jobs, we ever think what is the reason behind it, reason it they don’t want to do work on time and don’t have time bound targets to complete the task, and don’t have any fear for hard punishment. 
0 0 Pl ban porn site in India to prevent rape case in metropolitan city.Away from home small job seekers use to watch porn on cell in off hrs.Then he presumme any female like porn stars commits rape.Pl ban porn on Google in India.Porn may be useful for western controls not for our holy land. Modiji dhayan de. 
0 0 Say no drugs. People today work like machine to compete others.Today our gov is doing same thing .If you fail then y will take narcotics. Ministers at center having huge pressure in few months they will take drugs. Pl don't be in huge load of work.Modiji pl do office slowly but steadily. 2ly rape case -pl ban porn site on Google & other net in India.Job seekers leave their houses &live without wife watching porn on cell phone attack any female $ baby girl or lady in metro cities.Pl ban porn site 
0 0 the crime of illegal trafficking and / or possession of any  drug which comes under govt definition of 'DRUGS' should be made non bailable, also the imprisonment duration should be minimum 10 years and may extend depending upon severity. Making aware of the menace to people will not work alone , need to create a sense of fear who sell drugs and use for fun. Anonymous counselling should be provided and rehabilitation centers should be promoted so that people voluntarily move away from drugs. 
0 0 Drug menace is damaging root of India and most of the times it starts from schools. 1Awareness about harsh effects of drugs from school days is first step. 2We need to channelize the energy of youth through sports, yoga and meditation. Respect and means need to be given in the area of interest of individual youth so that they can excel. 3.Provision of CCTV near school and colleges for easily recognising culprits and taking  strict action against them. 4. Rehabilitation club for drug addicts. 
0 0 I have a heartly request to PM of the nation that my mail address is soveshmhptr69@gmail.com so this topic could not be discussed in public so may i now how to contact you personally sir...... 
1 0 In young Indiia give jobs to youths.Reduce the retirement age in all sectors including teaching.In 2016 pay commission will create problems to economy. Give rest to the big salary takers.They are big burden on the system.They are weak in all aspects physically, mentally and psychologically. Crores of youths are waiting for their turn.Country will not forgive you if you did not give them jobs and the best way is to reduce the retirement age and save revenue too.Our country needs this. 
0 0 sir, it would be a great pleasure if i could meet you personally i have something to share which concerns not only India but also the world as a whole..hope you can understand..it is serious it was a long dream 
0 0 नशीले प्रदार्थो का आयात,उत्पादन,बिक्री पूर्णतया रोक दिया जाये।सरकारी या निजी चीनी मिलो से शराब का निर्माण बंद किया जाये।आबकारी विभाग या सरकारी शराब की दुकान,सरकारी ठेका आदि बंद होंगे तो बाकी को बंद कराना आसान होगा।सरकारी खजाने में अपरोक्ष रूप से आय में भी बहुत वृद्धि होगी,यदि बंद हो तो। 
0 0 पाहले भारत  की तीनो सेना व् सरकारी विभागों,पुलिस आदि शराब ,मांस आदि बंद करना होगा।उन्हें जूस आदि सात्विक आहार दे।पहले जहाँ संभव है वहां तो बंद हो फिर एक एक का बदलना दूसरे को प्रेरित करता है। 
0 0 काले अंगूर,अंगूरों का रस,किसमिस का घोल,आंवला रस से भी थोड़े नशे का आभास होता है।इससे स्वास्थ्य भी बहुत अच्छा हो जाता है।जो ड्रिंक आदि छोड़ना चाहते है पहले उन्हें सहयोग करके ऐसे उपाय बताके छुड़वा सकते है। 
0 0 रामजी के राज्य में भौतिक विकास से ज्यादा आध्यात्मिक विकास पर ध्यान दिया जाता था।आंतरिक आध्यात्मिक विकास से ही पूर्व के या वर्तमान के संस्कारो में परिवर्तन हो सकता है।उसके संस्कार उसे बुरी आदतो ड्रग्स आदि की और प्रेरित करते है,केवल उन्हें मोड़ना है। 
1 0 Sir plzzzz with lots of pain I just want to you that sir plzzz see the other ranks in indian army and give us a freedom to live like a man because here we are living like a servant of officers 
0 0 JAI HIND There should e seva kendr for villeges population over than 3000 so as to connect maximum number of population in our nation through internet . The maximum services which are provided by our government are then available to all of us and due to automatic system there will easy accesability to all. 
0 0 Dear Sir, First of all jo Drugs other countries se ata hai uspe rok Laga do sir. After that Youvaon ko Job Milni Chahiye sir, well educated person aaj Berojgar hai. Qunki Corruption bahut bda diya tha pichhli Sarkar ne. aaj kahin bi jao to bina pahchan ke kam nahi bant jo kam 1 din ka hai wo one week me hota hai. or job to bhool hi gaye hai ke vo bhi milti hai. educated person ghar pe bhaitha hai. or anpad ko nokri mili hui hai. at last point sir ek movie bano jise logo ko pata chle Drug dis add 
0 0 Dear Sir, i feel the images of god which are used on the products should be banned because religious people don't throw them in dustbin..they need to go temples and rivers so that their feelings are not hurt. This way our rivers are also polluting day by day.....and so our environment. I feel this will save our rivers to some extent and sentiments will not be hurt. 
0 0 लोगो को नशे के नुकसान व न करने के लाभ बताना होगा।बुरी की जगह अच्छी आदतो को अपनाने के प्रयास होने चाहिए।उसको सही आदतो से सुख व स्वास्थ्य मिले तो ख़राब स्वयं ही छोड़ देगा।नशे के नुकसान व् इससे बचने के लाभ के विज्ञापन बताये जाये।क्रिया की अपेक्षा मनुष्य के विचरों को बदलना होगा।फिर करोडो रूपये दो तो भी वह इस गलत कार्य को नहीं करेगा।दूसरा उपाय खली बेठे या तनाव ग्रस्त व्यक्ति ही नशा का सहारा लेता है।उसकी बजाय उसकी व्यस्तता बढ़ा दी जाये।नशा पर प्रतिबंध भी एक उपाय है पर व्यक्ति स्वंयं छोड़े ये सबसे श्रेष्ठ। 
1 0 True National Integration needed. We should promote ALL languages. We are blessed with so many languages, these are our languages. We'd have National Integratn Center at each District level where all Indian languages will be taught. We can also start teaching 10 words from different languages in each school standard. By 10th std, our children will be speaking 10 languages with at least 100 words. This will build true National spirit of great culture and also generate employment. 
1 2 Kind request to PM .U have told that i 100 days u will bring all the black money back to our country. what is the result? Then u have told that u will bring the Ganga river to south what had happened? I request the PM to take action against those who are having the black money in and outside India. 
0 0 Aap koi aasa kanun banaye taki gaye kaat ne wale ki ru tak kape se di fase ki saja honi chahi ye 
0 0 Pradhan sevak ji namaskar aap se nevedan hia ki aap gaye ke kataan par rok lagane ki kirpa kare agar un par rok nahi lagi too aane wale time ma chote chote baccho ko dood ke leye taras na pad sakta hia is leye aap jald se jald koi kareye wahi karne ki kirpa kare 
1 0 Dear Sir, Jai Jagannath my request to Govt of India regarding CRZ(Coastal regulator Zone) issue. If we review the this law lot of Hotel & hospitality Industry will be gain & Good employment will be arise. we thing Golf country & other European county have lot of Hotel in coast. If a new project to be start then this law is street more than required. we are know the environmental issue but law should be relax the job opportunity. so my pray is not my personal. Think think think... lot 
1 0 respect full sir,  so for u have not done any new fiscal policies, more over u have raised all the prices what is new, it is all ways doing by all, were as u have to declare all the moneys are invalid since all are looted by the huge people. Why do you can declare " invalid ". and sir u please cancel the unwanted tax imposed  for Rice, which is essential food commodity. The VAT. tax is misusing by all the people. And the Ganga water may be brought to south please. thank u sir. 
1 0 The primary responsibility for programmes for the welfare of persons with physical and mental disabilities, lies with the State Govt. as per entry No. 9 in the “ State List”. Since Implementation of Persons with Disabilities Act, 1995 (PwD Act) there is no significant improvement has been recorded due to unwillingness of STATES. So, I hereby requesting you that primary responsibility for welfare of PWD should be allotted to “CENTRE LIST” or “Concurrent List” . 
1 0 DEAR PRADHANMANTRI. me apse ek bat sear karna chahata hu ki. hum sab nasile padharth jyase drug,daru,ghutkha etc. sevan nahi karne ki bat karte he eske bajay, government eska production kum se kum  kare or bad me ese band hi kiya jaya . daru seven hamare yeha jyada sehro ki tulna me gao me hota he esse kahi parivar barbad hote he.or eska jyada asar garib par hota he. apne pichale karyakarm se drugs ka mudda upstith kiya yeh accha laga 
0 0 I think, we have to start a policy in which every student who appear in first year graduation has to plant a tree and till completion of graduation he has to maintain its safety and growth. By this way new generation will understand two things, 1 - what problems are faced by their parents during nurturing them. While they face a problem in nurture a small plant. 2 they also learnt for their future that how they have to take care of their coming generation. During making India green by youth. 
1 0 Respected sir,bharat ka yuva hi bhart ki takad hai.Aaj bharat ka yuva nasheele padarthonke sevan me doob gaya hai.isiliye pahale yuvaonko jagana chahiye.Aise nashile padarthonse door rahane ke liye bharat sabhi college,schoollome har varsh 1 bar abhiyan chalana chahiye,taki yuva is padarthonke dushprabhav jan le.Sirf schoolome hi nahi har gav,shehar me yeh abhiyan hona chahiye. 
2 0 Please make and active effort to reduce stress on individuals by following all these laws which are laborious, and cases in these judiciaries and showing all some bakwaas on TV then we not have people who become addicts to depression and depression relieving hallucinogens. Please ensure you don't ban these hallucinogens but change you policy outlook and make food, sleep, and stress free living as motto to serve with government service. 
0 0 We need more medical colleges and people specialize right from the beginning on lung and other alcohol abuse and drug abuse based neurosurgery treatment professionals. This can be possible if we remove all regulation on colleges and hold the college management head and the student responsible if there are poor results. If we de-affiliate existing institutions we are not valuing their time and investment they have made and we are being very harsh with the ground reality of absence of colleges. 
0 0 Everybody can join some health insurance by paying minimum 100 rupees premium. For smokers and all drug addicts ask the retailers to sign e-agreement with mobile stating that they are voluntary consuming these drugs. Notify these individuals that no hospital will treat you because you are all very costly citizens. They spend their time treating you only if you pay 20000 rupees minimum premium for health care and health insurance.We have to ensure this medical college fees never touches roof top. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I am an Indian, and to see so much of hatered towards community will not be accepted neither by you or by me or any Indian, the burning of the church in Delhi and then today news papers saying that RSS is going to convert all to Hindus. Is this the India we want..We need the culprits to be booked. Sir I respect you for all that you have been doing in India. I am angry and disheartened by such remarks. Sir my request is please take this seriously or OUR INDIA will never develop. 
1 0 our govt should look upon the up-gradation of 108 medical emergency services all over the country as like 911 service in America.Poor people get much help from this service at any medical emergencies. We hope our respected Prime Minister give a strong step to make healthier this service to touch every persons of India. 
0 0 FOREIGN LINKED COMPANY PARTICIPATED AADHAR PROJECT SHOULD BE SCRAPPED. WE FEEL ASHAMED TO SHARE OUR DATA WITH UIDAI. scrap aadhar save india. he Aadhar is prepared by foreign linked companies at the service of UIDAI. It will only help foreigners to get our data. let there be a completely government controlled card through Post office 
1 0 Please remember that Aadhar is prepared by companies having foreign links. It is a threat to our security. Why should we share data with such companies ? let the government come with a fully government controlled card through post office. Till then stop aadhar and save india 
1 0 1. Do we have the technical know-how for hardware ? If not if we digitalise the whole functions, if we don't get the hardware ( by sanctions or otherwise ) will not the governmental functions in a standstill. Will it not be giving room for foreign nations to hold India at ransom ? First we should be self reliant on hardware and software fronts. then we can have UID full digitalisation etc. 
1 0 Why should we subscribe to Aadhar which supplies data to foreign linked companies. We feel cheated by Government. Why should we stoop low to give data to foreign linked companies STOP AND SCRAP AADHAR SAVE INDIA 
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, I am Santhosh Kumar From Thrissur District-Kerala. several government implemented schemes for controlling population. If it controlled by law, there will be more complications like minority majority communal problems. If ‘Desh Bhakth lok” trying to control the birth, they'll become fools, they will get nothing. If you are offering 20% reservation to single child on govt jobs, there will be a BIG change. Reason every parent dream GOVT JOB for their single child. 
0 0 Corporate social responcibity is established earlier.But impacts are not monitorized and reviewed. But we should linked corporate houses to universities research works according the interest subject of industries on PPP base. This may boost our technology by upgradation of each subject research. This may help to prepare young  scientists and high skill development. Social responsibity of corporates can be created by using funds on reserch. 
0 0 Paradox of the alcohol addiction in poor is the active advertisement of the country liquor sold in government licensed shops, which not only facilitate the handiness of the cheaper liquor, but also helps the vanishing of primary hesitation of buying liquor publicly, which exists in the common man of middle class due to his higher center control, and which eventually become lost by alcohol consumption. It is simply not agreeable that Indian economy can not survive in absence of alcohol revenue! 
0 0 How Alcoholism differ from consumption of other addictive? Keeping aside everything, alcohol has documented effect of DIMINUTION OF HIGHER CENTER CONTROL OF THE BRAIN, which can be translated in hindi as VIVEKSHOONYATA. Under the influence of alcohol one can do things which are restricted by the society such as beating children and spouse, abusing neighbors, snatching the hard earned money from the family for alcohol or even do severe crimes like rape and murder, in a state of 'consciousness'! 
1 0 Drug menace is a crime, just an another crime, which effects young and, mostly effluent, persons. There are effective regulations to control it, only thing needed is the WISH of the law enforcing agencies! But behind the chaos of the so called menace, one wide spread problem is ignored, that is ALCOHOLISM. This should not be confused with alcohol consumption and that also by upper & upper middle class. The VICTIM of ALCOHOLISM are the poor persons and their family, and ultimately, our society. 
0 0 according to me drug users should be made to counsel while people those who supply them should be strictly punished with all of their fellow members... 
0 0 Dear sir In most of the cities we have found that people get use to to this kind of products and police have been raiding the selling stores. Even after doing this the products like drugs are available in the same place. So my suggestion is to tighten the case by taking serious action on them and creating awareness programs and it should reach each and every young stars in the country. 
0 0 Aur aise log bahut hai jo narcotic drug dene wale ke khilaf bolna chahte hai par dar ke karan nahi bol sakte iske liye anti narcotic department ka number add se har kisi tak pachuchana chahiye 
1 0 लहरों से डरकर नोंका पार नही होती ओर कोशिश कर ने वालों की कभी हार नही होती सर इस जंग मे सभी भारतवासी आपके साथ है जयहिंद वंदे मातरम् 
1 0 सकते है क्योंकि ये लोग सिर्फ मालूमात लेंगे और जो लोग इसमें फंसे है उनका समुपदेशन भी कर सकते है इसे रोकने के लिए तीव्र इच्छा शक्ति साहस और समर्पण की जरूरत है ओर देश का नवजवान यह कार्य जरूर करेगा उसके लिए प्रधानमंत्रीजी का साथ मिले और जो लोग देश को बर्बाद करना चाहते उन्हें सबक मिले क्योंकि ये लोग खतरनाक है और साथ में इन्हें बाहर देशों से भी मदत मिलती है और अपने कुछ लोग लालच की वजह से इनका साथ देते है लेकिन लहरों से डरकर नोंका पार नही होती ओर कोशिश कर ने वालों की कभी हार नही होती 
1 0 बहोत बार इसमें लड़कियों का भी इस्तेमाल होता है क्योंकि पैसा तो है और घरवालों को समय नही होता है और सबसे बुरा है की इससे बच्चो से ज्यादा देश का नुकसान होता है इस मे पैसा ज्यादा होने से इसके एंजट जल्दी बनते है साथ मै इसमें ज्यादा तर विद्यालय ओर महाविद्यालय के बच्चे ओर मॅाडेल फ़िल्म हस्तीयों के बच्चे होते है अगर महाविद्यालय में सफाई अभियान के साथ अगर स्वयंसेवक का समूह बनाया जाता है और उन्हें अलग से प्रशिक्षण देकर अगर प्रशिक्षित किया जाए तो पोलीस के साथ मिलकर हम इसे रोके 
1 0 मा प्रधानमंत्रीजी नशे का महत्वपूर्ण अंग है आफीम चरस गांजा हेरॅाईन ओर ब्राऊन शुगर ओर दवाएँ अब उपर के जो तीन है वो गरीब लोग लेते है ओर उसकी ज्यादा तर खेती अपने देश में होती है ओर यह सब ज्यादा पैसा कमाने के लिए की जाती है और इस के कई एंजट है और सिर्फ पहचान से ही मिलती है अगर पोलीस ओर कानून अच्छा लागू किया तो ये कम हो सकता है हेरॅाईन ओर ब्राऊन शुगर तो आंतर राष्ट्रीय  विषय है और यह ज्यादा तर अमीर बच्चों को फंसा कर पहले आदत लगाते है और बाद में हमेशा के लिए ग्राहक बनाते है 
0 0 Sir,drug mafiya jitna hame dikhta hai uase jayada faila huwa hai.isko rokne ke liye hard rules banane chahiye jisse narcotics bechne walo ke ander dar paida ho sake aur hai district me ek goverment nasa mukti kendar hona chahiye.aur local ngo ,mandal,sanstha ko invite karna chahiye aur motivate karna chahiye.aue galat tarike se narcotic bechne wale ka nam batane walo ko inam dena chahiye 
0 0 Sir, in sub sujhavon ko dekh kar aisa lagta hai ki alcohol, drugs, tobacco BAN HO JANA CHAHIYE..... ITNA TO HAR KOI SAMAJH HI SAKTA HAI...... 
0 0 Sir ,I found the grievance cell of the income tax department to be very hurting . The staff on the reception counter was not ready to accept the letter and give the computerised receipt ..The dues and demands paid years back continue to persist as unpaid and the client receives the notices repeatedly . Please give a serious thought and improve the rectification measures so that the clients specially senior citizens are not harassed by the unco-operative staff . 
1 0 We know many places in our cities, where drugs are very common but can not Highlight because of being in fear being who will involve into Mess of Mafias and others. 
1 0 Let's call a spade a spade — Tobacco is the worst drug. You've decided to do without the Cigarettes & Other Tobacco Products Amendment Bill — obviously for ITC’s sake. 10 lakhs of Indians (in their prime life) die every year due to tobacco. You had promised that you would stand for our mothers and sisters (and their sons and brothers). How can a Deveshwar commandeer and manipulate your sarkar, your cabinet, and, the BJP in Karnataka and Andhra? Who rules India, Modi or ITC? What a shame. 
1 0 But try to stop them effecting the life of our dear ones. 
0 0 Not only at center s but can be done by family members also. Alcoholic anonymous or other such organization should be encouraged .Addiction should be taken as a disease not as a sin, which will help the addicted person to communicate with others more freely. As we talk about diseases with others.  Some do this to show themselves modern.We have to revive our own culture .by not only telling others but start practicing it from our home right now. We can't stop liquor license or drug from being sol 
0 0 Good evening Sir, Any type of addiction whether drug or alcohol is a curse not only on the addicted person but his/her family. It washes of all the creativity of the addicted person and the thinking ability. I belief that if children from a very young age should be engaged on sports or any other extra curricular activities like singing,dancing ,drawing they can be saved from such destructive habit-addiction. More over those who are addicted should be treated with great care, through counseling . 
0 0 The more government makes strictness towards any issue the more corruption and misuse happens by government officials and people . The police also asks more bribe of any issue because of strictness .First of all try to improve government setups keep only clean image officials and try to improve police system and change their mentality of bribe . And government employ's & their families property's  should be checked regularly. 
0 0 Stop liquor in India. Over 60% crime will reduce. The revenue earned by government through liquor is cheep in front of human safety. Now both men and women are becoming habitual to liquor including boys and girls in colleges. 
0 0 The increased use of drugs can only be stopped by giving necessary awareness to the youth and the children. The upcoming generation should be aware of the health, family and social problems arises because of use of drugs. Protesting against the drug mafia is time killing activity only. The way to have success is to nullify the need for drugs. It can be done by proper awareness. 
0 0 Honourable prime minister,first of all i says that the drug menace is very crucial issue.acccording to my point of  view,for children give information of negative effect of drug menace at school time.all boards of education include this issue in syllabus.no any type of shop related or sell drug menace things is allow near schools.parents of childrens always seen his/her activity and investigate are your child is influenced by  bad community? 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी, ‘मन की बात’ एक अच्छी शुरुआत है| एक महत्वपूर्ण विषय – व्यक्ति के तरक्की के लिए स्वस्थ मन बहुत आवश्यक है, इससे सकारात्मक सोच विकसित होती है, व्यक्ति विकास पथ पर चल पड़ता है (तमसो माँ ज्योतिर्गम)| लेकिन आज मनोरंजन के नाम पर ऐसी बातें, गानें एवं संवाद दिखाये सुनाएं जा रहे है जिससे हमारे बच्चों युवाओं के मन पर उसका कुप्रभाव हो रहा है, एक स्वस्थ मन विकसित नहीं हो पा रहा है| यह चिंता का विषय है| अनुरोध है कि आप इस ओर आवश्यक सुधार की दिशा में पहल करें| विश्वस्त हूँ कि पहल करेंगे| जय हिंद 
0 0 In fact, I was associated with the enactment of NDPS Act and allied rules.Instead of meting out rigorous punishment, an awareness campaign in schools, colleges and other edl institutions would be of immense value and reformist measure. A syllabus on the menace of drugs could be prescribed at all levels and at same time ensuring that it is not a subject of allurement. We should not merely ape the western style of punishment but rather follow our own cultural limitations. Experts could be roped in 
0 0 Sir, drugs are already banned but liquor isn't. Lets start with a complete blanket ban on liquor. There will be revenue loses but the amount of crime that will come down with it over the years will be long lasting. Initial outrage will be huge but people will eventually hail you. 
0 0 પ્રઘાનમંત્રીજી આ૫કે માઘ્યમ સે જો મનકી બાત રેડીયો ૫ર કાર્યક્રમ પ્રસારીત કીયા જાતે હૈ વો મનકી નહી બલકે દીલકી બાત હૈ ઈસીલીયે ૫ુરી દુનીયામે ભારત કા ડંકા અાજકલ બજતા હૈ. 
0 0 sir by viewing the secon most popular suggestion... The ans to question Why People Become Addicitive to Drugs? one of the reason could be MOVIES because students either come to know abt this either by friends, movies, or NET but basic as i suppose would be movies so pl try to ban all those scenes in movies which describe abt such activities 
0 0 sir as u mit b knowing that respected Supreme Court has given permissions for the hookah parlours in Mumbai which as banned by Mumbai Municipal Corporation So in such circumstances how are we going to tackle the drug menace I agree that there is a law that nly 18+ crowd is allowed but as earlier what do u think will it work n sir we also want to stop teenagers not nly students 
0 0 V.V. IMPORTANT To hon'ble Prime Minister of India.. NAMASKAR Being the citizen of India as well as active worker ( NAGAR BODHIK PARMUKH PATIALA )of R.S.S bring to your kind notice that some Business community holding black money which they are not in a position yet to declare openly resulted both the businessman and other communities as wellasthe Gov. Of India losing so.I would like to suggest for your good self declaring the black money by depositing @18% to 30% as tax to Gov. 
0 0 and the rest amount be enjoyed by the person who has declare the money openly and he should not be ask for the sources from where he had collect such money  I will be a very greatful if you implemented the aforesaid scheme which i expected heartly from you 
0 0 V.V. IMPORTANT To hon'ble Prime Minister of India.. NAMASKAR Being the citizen of India as well as active worker ( NAGAR BODHIK PARMUKH PATIALA )of R.S.S bring to your kind notice that some Business community holding black money which they are not in a position yet to declare openly resulted both the businessman and other communities as wellasthe Gov. Of India losing so.I would like to suggest for your good self declaring the black money by depositing @18% to 30% as tax to Gov. 
0 0 stop the poly bags 
0 0 So we need too stop it at all...by certain steps by govt. and certain by parents Govt. should stop selling of drugs in illegal way even few time in movie it is shown that police or few dociot way also are involved in that AND HOW TO take drugs few time  not always and movie should stop showing this thing in any manner as it promote it between youth they think that its our standard so we have to do it 
1 0 Many of youth take drugs in depression to forgive their problem for few hours but it spoil their whole life so we need to stop them by making their parent & close to avoid. Usually in Savdhan India@Life Okk we see that their wards of Officers and Minsters get bail or police even don't say them If they are caught Drunk,having drug etc. as it is illegal to do but they are ward of Officer or Minister or businessman they are left without taking any action this encourage them and they do it more.... 
0 0 Sir, please give some speech on the drug of pride of human. Specially in the government employees. The do not have sense. They are always proud to have the job. They do not treat other with a humanistic manner. Please try to change their mentality. 
0 1 Sir, According to me there should be first of all every parents should ask there ward if he comes late or in un mannered way (drunk, taken drug etc.) so they somehow have fear of parents don't give them extra freedom & live like a friend if possible as sharing there ward problem can help much getting them in problem. Govt.cant stop exactly parents family members have to give huge support.the u can do is promote antidrugs campign like "NO TO DRUGS,YES TO LIFE TO SURVIVE WITH LIFE " 
2 0 Sir, Plz provide RO drinking Water on Public Places at Minimal Charges. as Water is main cause of nearly all the diseas 
1 0 respected sir please stop the drink I think that is not good  for health. 
1 0 Stop Drug addiction with tag line "Band Karo Nasha Abhi Nahi to Kabhi Nahi" 
0 0 Drug menace is a hydra-headed monster. tts origin/ sustenance is o/a of failures on social, admin. legal and economic fronts. So, the issue needs a multi-pronged attack- strict law, stricter enforcement and zero tolerance to drug peddling/drug smugglers to choke drug supply line while treating victims with soft touch. While good number of drug addicts come from well to do families, vast majority take to drugs bcoz of lack of education/jobs/self emp openings/injustice.So edu & jobs r the only ans 
0 0 NGO and the society registration act should be abolished. Sadly but true its just fun and no nation building only govt. Grants. E.g. Just try to figure out the no of ambulance in each urban locality. Its more than required. And every thing has come by central govt funding. 
0 0 Cont. Then the govt should utilise their services towards nation building for 24 month without salary and only taking care of the addict living and thereby protect the addict and nation in a long run. 
0 0 Cont. This team will get data from various sources like police, de-addiction centre, etc, etc and follow the addicted secretly and get hold of the peddlers and hence the main dealer. Afterwhich the addict shall be sent for treatement under a special branch and not released from special treatement cell till he becoms normal (minimum 24 month 
0 0 Cont.. He feels that whatever he is doing is right without thinking of consiquences. He tries to quit/stop using it and knows fully that he is into wrong hands but is still cant due to withdrawal symptoms. He goes to deaddiction centers and register himself but all in vain. Slowly he gets into it badly and later finishes his life without any nation building exercise. My guidance to the government to is to have a special team directly under centre placed in different states. Cont. 
0 0 I hail from meghalaya state and had witnessed the effects of DRUGS very closely.. It generally starts with Brown Sugar (Heroin) among the youth. The youth falls prey of another youth who was once a consumer has now transformed himself as a peddler (due to cash shortage) as he is not being supported by family.. Later stages the youth starts injecting DRUGS into his body parts as injecting is cheaper than powder.. The ussage of drugs into body is such that it stops the normal brain funcution. 
0 0 The type of drugs must be identify very clearly for recommended usage.Most often over dosage and other narcotics effects creates dangerous way of drug handles.The clinical test must bring to compulsory act for drugs approval to sell in the market. The extreme methods of over prescribe must be punishable under medical treatment act.The patients awareness of usage of such drugs, doctors must provide written documentation to the user.Do and don,t.India must promote Ayurveda, other Natural methods. 
1 0 Respected P M Plz joinr Media For Drug free India Mission 
0 0 People have voted BJP and Primarily Our Prime minister to bring Good Governance and Development in our Country. I am a big admirer of the Current Gov. But the sad thing is instead of focusing on the Development and Governance, some of our leaders choosing to be in news for giving irresponsible comments in Public. In my small mind i couldn't understand that studying Sanskrit in school, making Bhagwad Gita as our national book, giving abusive comments in public resolves what problem of Poor India 
0 0 HI I WANT TO TALK ABOUT RAPE CASES AND LITTLE KIDS KIDNAPPING IN DELHI, WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS. REGDS CHANCHAL KHATTAR #09811624104 
0 0 JAN DHAN YOJNA me Banks ke karmchari puri tarah se  janta ko co-operate nahi kar rahe hai. Yeh mera personal anubhav hai.Eske liye janta me ek krez utpann karna hoga tatha es yojna  ko jan jan tak pahuchane ka kaam MOSPI ke NSSO ko saupa ja sakta hai Kyo ki NSSO ki pahuch pure desh me gali mohallo tak hai NSSO ke jariye yeh kaam bina kisi cost ke ho jayega.tatha saath ko hi bank prasasan ko es samandh me thoda tite karna hoga. Thanks. RC Shukla, Lucknow 
0 0 Mr PM, this is an advice/suggestion from a well wisher. I've been your strong supporter and I am confident that you have the potential to bring (good) changes which are so very much required. Sir, we have been constantly hearing news of crime on women. It's high time you intervene and make sure that the goverrnment ensures safety for it's citizens, in this case women's safety. Your government has promised to take tangible measures, We cannot be too patient in such matters! 
0 0 GUJRATI HAI SHER HAMARE NAME UNKA NARNDRA MODI? GUJRATI THE BAPU HAMARE  TABHI TO  ANGRJO KI KAMAR THI TODI? 
0 0 MODI JI HAI KARTE RACHNA SUNDAR HINDUSTAN KI? TABHI TO KARTI BATEN DUNIYA MODI JI KE MAAN KI? 
0 0 PAISE LEKAR DARU PI KAR  KIMTI APNI  VOT TUMNE KHODI ? ABKI BAAR YE BHOOL NA KARNA  DELHI ME LANA HAI MODI?                            BJP LAO DELHI BACHAO 
0 0 VIPAKSI KAIHTE HAI NAME BATAO MODI  HAME KALE DHAN WALO KA¿     JANTA KAIHTI HAI  PAILE HISAB DO TUM PICHLE 15 SALO KA 
0 0 Sir i have done my graducation with B.ed and animation. I have worked in E learning 2yrs animation work.but now i dont have any work.I have qualification but i am not getting works. I want to work for my nation..I Am a creative guy..I also work for making TagLines..please suggest or give me work.by that i serve my nation and fulfill my livelihood...NITISH JOSHI..PLEASE CONACT 9758145889 
0 0 kya hora hai sir..i a0 true your fan but literally saying there baate to ho rahi hai par abhi tak ho nahi raha or india ki condition ko dekh kar sorry to say par hona bhi muskillagta hai yha kuch.yha youth well trained hai par work nahi.Sir i have done my graducation with B.ed and animation. I have worked in E learning 2yrs animation work.but now i dont have any work.I have qualification but i am not getting works. I want to work for my nation..9758145889 
0 0 AROP PRATI AROP LAGATE HAI MODI PE. HAMARE CHOTE NAWAB ¿HAATH KOYLE ME KALE KARKE ABHI DEKHTE HAI RAAJNITI KE KHAB 
0 0 LOG KAIHTE HAI MODI NAHI TIKTE HAMESA RAIHTE HAI VIDES DORE PE ¿    ARE DES AAGE BADHTA HAI TO TUMHE KYON PADTE HAI DORE SE 
0 0 HAR TARAF LOOT THI CHORI THI LAGTA THAA CHALTE HAR INSAN KO DAR ? AB DAR KOI NAHI AA GAYE MAHAMAHIM MODI SIR? 
0 0 RAAJ NITI ME RAHI JAB TAK NAME UNKA SONIA GANDHI ?AISA DIN KOI NA GUZRA JABNA CHALI HO KAALI AANDHI ? 
0 0 KOYELA BECH KE KHA GAYE VO KARTE THE RAAJ  JAB MANMOHAN SINGH ?  HAR BACHE KA RAKHA DHYAN INONE NAHI RAIH SAQTE AB MODI  BIN 
0 0 Aaj ka nara delhi me jab tak rahi sheela dixit  ¿ koi bacha ho na saka vixit ? MODI LAO DELHI BACHAO JAI HIND JAI MODI 
0 0 Terrorism-drug menace all are co related so declaring war against Pakistan could yield manifold result . We have to think over this matter as we have many evidence of Pakistani ISI support for terrorism which is one type of war they have declared. 
0 0 Drugs should be encountered to spread fear among them. It should be published in all media who took licence to sell their media in India. 
0 0 sir i m in odisha.there are many tourism place.but undevlop.if any one devlop.i m seor many of auther state people and also other contry people come to see and enjoy this ariya.can u do some thing.i have many place i can not read.if ur office contact me i m suggest u sir.thank u sir .jai hind 
0 0 When I was young a TV serial had been cast about a very promising youth who later went onto become an addict and then came out of it.I never thought of drugs because of the repulsion this serial caused in me towards drug use. Some such dramatic way of communication 1)how never to get into it2)how to get out of it, may help. 
0 0 Mindfulness or Meditation gives a similar or a better high than any addiction.It takes you to a transcendental plane.Could we invite Deepak Chopra to India and have him share his views on how to replace addiction with meditation.He also has an apparatus called dream weaver that helps take a person to transcendence which is supposedly better than LSD,etc. 
0 0 Sir, I had already sent a letter addressed to you to Mann Ki Baat programme.  With "Revolutionary Investment" plan. Please read it or feel free to call me . 
0 0 DRUG-INDUSTRY IS DEVELOPED BY POLITICAL-CORPORATE-MAFIA NEXUS AND METRO-CITIES NIGHT-LIFE CULTURAL-TRENDS.IT IS ONLY DOMOLISHED BY GOVERNMENT ZERO-TOLERANCE APPROACH AGAINST ILLEGAL MANUFACTURING OF ADDICTED DRUGS. 
0 0 1. The first and the most prominent reason for substance abuse or drug abuse is peer pressure. Most of the habits are formed in an early stage in life. So,parents and schools play a greater role in educating the students about drug abuse. 2. Secondly, the people who are involved in providing such substances to people should be dealt severely under law. Any laxity in this regard will encourage them to take this as a shortcut to quick money. 
0 0 I think there could be several ways to handle it. (a) Make our youth more concerned about being fit. The drive and the motivation is missing like sports, gym,school and college syllabus should have it as mandatory. (b) Severe punishment for the person be it a student or anyone who so ever is found guilty. Something very strict which is not having option for bail out. (c) Public rallies by famous personalities like PM himself or other famous personaloties of India with T-shirts, TV adv. Thanks 
0 0 नशे का एक पहलू जमीन अधिग्रहण से भी जुड़ा हुआ है। ज्यादातर किसान अधिग्रहण के बदले मिली धन के एक बड़े हिस्से को नशे में बर्बाद कर रहे हैं। खासतौर से यूपी में। सरकार चाहे तो अध्ययन करा ले कि जमीन अधिग्रहण की राशि मिलने के बाद वहां नशाखोरी बढ़ जाती है। इसके लिए जरूरी है कि किसान को काम मिले, और उसे वित्तीय सक्षरता दी जाए। 
0 0 I think that Central/state Gov's are having wide range of information/ data  about this menace in India. It knows the adverse impact on the society. Selling drugs by one individual causes spoiling lives of many. Then is it necessary to tolerate such person.Death penalty is solution if it is proved. Timely rewarding punishment will have impact on crimes. I feel that it is a crime against humanity. If we are serious in implementing such actions there is no need to make so much discussions. 
1 0 नसे के शिकार ज्यादातर गांव के लोग होते है। मई भी गाव में रहता हु और देखता हु की बच्चे लगभग 15 की उम्र में ही नासा करना चालू करदेते है।वे गुटका से सुरुवात करते है और वो बहुत जल्द सराब तक पहुच जाते है। मेरा सुझाव ये है की हैम जानते है की गुटका खाने से कॅन्सर सराब पिने से किडनी ख़राब या फिर सिगरेट से फेफ़ङे ख़राब हो जाते है तो हम क्यों नहीं नसा करने के सामानों पर रोक लगा देते और सुरक्षित रहते।अतः नसा वाली वस्तूओ पर रोक लगनी चाहिए जैसे गुटखा ।सिगरेट।सराब आदि। धन्यवाद 
0 0 When there is a direct proof of involvement of Drug Trafficker why the Police Force fail to catch and if they catch then why they fail to prove the same in court of law. That is, Police force should not handle the Drug Trafficking case, instead military should be empowered with sufficient legal knowledge to deal with the offender and only death penalty should be imposed. Otherwise this problem will be there all the time to come and no suggestion  can help to check the menace. 
0 0 Respected Sir, As you know that manay sections of the society are affected by this evil. and once one is affected by this then it is very difficult to stop him. Educaion is the best way to stop this. If people are made responisble citizen then this menance can be control. The promotion of any type of drug usage must be banned at every aspects. 
0 0 Tackling drug menace is a multi-dimensional issue.  Here, the focus is on the dimension of-SUPPLY of drugs with a view to contain it. (i) A special Police Unit should be set-up to focus on high schools, colleges (esp. hostels). (ii) Secondly, steps be initiated to curb online sale of drugs. (iii) Thirdly, steps be devised to invert the profit-making in drugs’ sale. These steps need to be in conjunction with other steps at ‘reeducating’ students. 
0 0 On drugs i) what works ii) what doesn't work vis-à-vis DEMAND merits attention. Preaching & advising generally don't work as in case of cigarettes. At psychological level what works is-substituting one habit by another. An affected segment of population is-those in teens & early 20s. Therefore, from Class VI onwards, through videos, texts, role plays, etc. children need to be ‘reeducated’ well in time. Secondly, extra-curricular activities that provide ‘thrill’ (soc. acceptable) be introduced. 
1 0 अपनी स्नातक की पढ़ाई के दौरान चार वर्षों में मैंने सैंकड़ों एेसे विद्यार्थी देखे जो किसी न किसी तरह के नशे की लत के शिकार थे। तकनीकी रूप से ऐसा कोई तरीका नहीं था कि इस समस्या से निजात मिल सके। द्वितीय वर्ष में मैं जयपुर में ही कार्यरत हरे कृष्णा मूवमेंट ngo के संपर्क में आया। मैंने पाया कि काफी संख्या में छात्र वहां आने के कुछ ही दिनों में इन लतों पर काबू पा लेते थे। कारण भी स्पष्ट था। दरअसल बेहतर विकल्प पाकर ही व्यक्ति किसी प्रिय वस्तु को त्याग सकता है और आध्यात्म का अल्प मात्र भी अगर मनुष्य में ठीक प्रकार से सिंचित किया जाए तो वह व्यक्ति नशे के विकल्प को तुच्छ मान लेता है। और इसका प्रभाव अन्य उपायों के समान अल्पकालिक नहीं होता बल्कि जीवन पर्यंत रहता है। 
1 0 मेरे विचार में नशा उन्मूलन दरअसल स्वच्छ भारत अभियान का ही एक अभिन्न हिस्सा है। स्वच्छता सद्गुण है,  सतोगुण है और नशा तम है।   स्वच्छता का सतोगुण का प्रसार करना नशा उन्मूलन ही है। ये भगवद् गीता के वचन हैं ( गीता अध्याय 15 श्लोक 5 से 10.)। नशे की लत से छात्रों को बचाने के लिए स्कूलों व कालेजों में आध्यात्मिक शिक्षा की शुरुआत की जा सकती है। बैंगलोर, जयपुर आदि जगहों पर ngo हरे कृष्णा मूवमेंट ने एेसे कुछ प्रयास सफलता पूर्वक किये हैं। 
1 0 Is as a pmof india power as a former of indian villagers 
0 0 1. Each and every citizen should be prescribed by doctor thru Adhaar card. 2. You cant get any drug from chemist without prescreption. 3. Link all hospitals, clinics, doctors, patients, and chemist with medical insurance. Adhaar cards As master data and patient record. 4. Only safe OTC medicines can be purchased OTC ans all others without Adhaar not possible. 5. Start with cities and soon take to villages after BB connectivity. 6. If below poverty line or EWS should get treatment meds FREE 
0 0 sir KHARIDNE BALA nehi hoga to beche ga kon !?sir aap ki ehi nek bichar aur soch har bharat basi ko sochne me majbur kore ehi asha hai.aap ka soch ek achcha sundar bharat uphar dega, 
0 0 Swachch Bharat Make India or Say No to Drugs all just dont need a sweeper it need to change the mentality of Indians. 
0 0 Sir, Liquor usage without control can not be allowed. Those who come for such misuse will not help tourism. Moreover we should not forget our families , especially women. So in my opinion, a controlled way liquor can be served. Some possible control should be enforced in the case of children. The present trend in international circuit is to misuse all facilities as in the case of nudity. Please see that nudity is encouraged in west, as seen in Brazil, US, Eurppe where nude beaches are now fashn. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Saheb, Business has become worse in India. You are surely working on it my Foreign Investments and other projection but more than 8 months has passed we are still waiting for something to happen but business is day by day going down. It has become difficult to survive. What are your plan for Economical Situation for India which is becoming worse now. Could you please look into it and improve business in the country by announcing concrete and practical plans. 
1 0 SIR-ajj humara bharat polio mukt.sigar ki otna pine bala nehi.ajj SWACHA BHARAT swapna dhire dhire safal ho raha.Dugs ka kufal bhi hume sare Madhyam+MEDIA se sob Guni-Mani-sanmaniya bekti AUR SU SANTAN KI SWAPNA DEKHNE BALE"PITA-MATA"SOB MILKE- EK ACHCHA JIBAN ek achcha samaj ke liye age barke santan ko smjhane porega.jisme khud bhi our kohi dost bhi agar is ka proyag kore to use mana kore.Bacho ko samy de,najar rakhe dusre bachcho ka andar apna bacho ko dekhe>JO AJJ LUPT HAI,Kanun KAHTOR ho, 
1 0 Sir, drug/alcohol addiction is a symptom of Tyrosine/Niacin deficiency – details given in this Note: https://www.facebook.com/notes/rajiv-bhole/mitigate-the-stress-suicide-a... The drug menace can easily be mitigated Sir, if you make food-grade Tyrosine available in India. I’m a recovered addict & in Sept I’d been asked by DD-admin, NISD, to write about the solution to the JS Social Defense that I soon will. Do ask her to call me if in a hurry 
2 0 Sir ek theory hai ki kisi bhi chij ki supply ke liye uski demand hona jruri hai or jo drugs ki supply krte hain unhone ise luxrious life jine ka tarika bta ke iski demand bnayi hai jise hmari society jise koi fark ni pdta or movies jo aisa dikhati hain or unki niche aane vali do lines se kisi ko fark ni pdta support krti hain agar ise rokna hai to un kuchh logon ko rokna hoga jo iski demand paida krte hain or dusra ki ye soch badlni hogi ki ye high class life ka jariya hai.. 
1 0 Similarly the tickets for entry and all the monuments where required should be sold on Taj Express for Agra and on Pink City and Shatabdi for Jaipur and likewise for all tourist destinations. The values can be added to tickets on Internet booking sites. When these simple steps can't be taken how bigger things will be achieved. With your clear vision it may become possible now. Please look into this Saheb. 
0 0 Sir, drug menace is rampant right from slum dwellers to celebrities.  Poor people can be found using drugs along mumbai rail tracks. Beggars drug small babies. Rave parties should be cracked. Special attention to be paid to passengers arriving from African countries(not being biased). Prescribed drugs have to be monitored.   Drug peddlers operate near schools and colleges. Watch for weak students,  they are most vulnerable to drug abuse. 
0 0 The Delhi Tourism Bus gives about 45 minutes at Red Fort, of which about 10 to 15 minutes can be los in the queue for the ticket. The tickets can easily be sold in the bus of added to the ticket price. Incredible India! Even these simple things are not done. 
0 0 Drug menace is really affectin our country and the society. It is really a black mar it has really affected our younger population who are our country's future. There should a severe punishment for peopple behind the menace and proper guidance to the people being affected by this. 
0 0 Contd.. Their milk, often extracted by the brutal and harmful to humans injecting Oxytocin is then sold by these unscrupulous milkmen. They should be fined and taxed as they are making a business without any investment and through malpractice, making cities dirty, increasing sanitation costs, causing traffic hazards and brutalizing the sacred animal. The harshest punishment will only do. 
0 0 The problem of stray cows must be tackled at the earliest. Gau is Mata and the cows of Bharatiya Go Vansh (Indian genetic stocks) are attributed with many amazing qualities. Most stray cows are eating the post consumer waste and it is a mix of infected and even toxic substances. They are actually owned by some milkman or other. He makes money by selling the milk of these cows. they are left on the roads and near garbage dumps to forage by the day and driven home in the evenings.. Contd.. 
0 0 GM foods should be treated with utmost caution as terminators will sneak in any time and will destroy the original species of flora in the country. There really is no food shortage as we have built stocks and buffers out of our produce. There are two main problems; Rodents and wastage due bad handling and long farm to table time. We should focus on preservation in FCI warehouses by electronic rodent control, and encourage farmhead processing and appropriate packaging. The need for GM will vanish 
0 0 a subject in the school, college should be added and let the youth should know about the ill effects. Our Mp/MLA/Councillor/Panchyat Pratinidhi should be the best man to control with the help of local police, who are having the full information about the gang carrying out such activities. let award should be given to them for providing information through which gang may be caught hold. please do not give TV advertisement, but use the same money for the abovementioned purpose. 
1 0 Respected brother, Drugs are used mainly by youth at college level. Its roots to be traced from there. In Punjab it has been a main factor for the poor performance of NDA.May be  the UPA govt unable to stop cross border smuggling from PAK.whose design is to destabilize India.Drugs and Terror may have connection.Central Government should form a special department to stemout the menace of drug, in the interests of National security and economy and the youth's mental and physical well being. 
0 0 First and foremost action shall be not to make available such intoxicants / drugs. Availability or easy availability is the main cause of  drug abuse. 
0 0 Multi-pronged action is called for curbing this hydra-headed menace of drug-abuse. It has to be a combination of legal, regulatory, and academic measures. (1) First of all, create awareness through mass media campaign among the victims, prospective victims about ill-effects of drug consumption. (2) Promote value-education at all levels. (3) Initiate stringent action  against all those involved in drug-peddling, sale and distribution. 
0 0 Dear Modi Ji, I think the root of many problems in India is its ever increasing population. No matter how much the output has increased over the years, population growth has always seems to outstrip it. More population means you have to cater more to their requirements (housing, food, etc). Since land is limited, it can be either used for farming or constructing houses. I request you to please address this issue at an appropriate time. Thank You, Your Follower 
0 0 Dear PMji, We work in collaboration with European and American Companies. We can give support to all your training centres and train your trainers with the best of the equipment, available worldwide. We have our Demo Centre in Mumbai and upcoming in Delhi and Bangalore. We would like to have your appointment to give you a presentation as to how can we cover 1) Skill Development 2) Make in India and 3) Zero Defect Zero Effect with our training. Kind Regards, Satyan Thukral 
0 0 hello sir its a very serious problem now a day we can check by to aware the people,child about the side effect on himself,on family person -by adding the drug n their side effect in the syllabus frm 8th standerd -15 yr is the most common age in which child deviate frm the straight line,or family sepration,work load,family issue,parents issue etc - to aware the people about sign n symptoms seen in the drug abuser so it can be check by parents mainly mother bacause she's care most their famil 
0 0 Sir, we can come under the influence of drugs if it is readily available. So we have to catch the paddlers and the people who makes the drugs available. 
0 0 Family time for Business Community: When ever there is a holiday people go for shopping, entertainment, fun, food and joy. But no one has ever though about the traders/ shop owners / shopkeppers who are working almost whole of week to make the customers happy. As competition increases shopowners are getting more flexible and trying to open for 24x7, but this inturn is affecting there social life, family time, there is money but no time for caring for the family. There should be fixed time. 
0 0 Sir, it is high time when we take some strong initiatives for women security. I feel this is one area which require immediate action. Cases like 'Cab driver raping a girl in delhi' not only create a sense of fear among all the girls but also question the identity of India in the world. Why aren't women feel safe; what steps should we take to improve this situation; should be implement stronger laws, policies & initiatives. Sir, please take some strong steps to stop crime against women.Please! 
0 0 Kaju-badam ke rate ko kam kar deejiye or gutkh-tambakhu ke rate par zada tax laga deejiye ya. 
1 0 Sir, DRUGS SE YOUTH KO DUR RAKHNE KE LIYE SCHOOL LEVEL SE HI ACTION LENA CHAHIYE ,,,,,,,HAR YOUTH KO NSS AND NCC SE JODKAR DEUG KE SIDEEFFECT BATANE CHAHIYE ....SATH HI DRUGS KE CHAPTER HAR CLASS LEVEL PAR STUDY KARANE CHAHIYE,,,,,,DRUGS KARNE WALE KE LIFE KE BARE ME BATANA CHAHIYE,,,,ESE DRUGS KE PRATI AWARRNES TO BADHEGI HI SATH HI CRIME CASES BHI KAM HONGE,,,,,AGAR YOUTH KO BACHANA HAI TO TEACHERS KO BHI LIABLITIES LENI HOGI AUR NAHI KHUD KO DRUGS USE KARNI CHAHIYE AUR NA HI YOUTH KO KARNE DE 
0 0 There should be coveted agents who live among drug addicts as a normal person and unearth drug links among youth. We have to think like drug vendor to  stop drug abuse. 
0 0 Sir sarkari hospital ke jo paise aate hai vo sare paise aam logo ke acount me aani cahahiye kyoki Dr log medicine bech dete hai isse bhrastachar khatam hoga aur aam publik khus bhi rahega 
0 0 School and coaching/tuition center hardly bother to send even a SMS or an E mail to the parents to inform them that the children is absent today in the school or he/she is missing from a particular class. Usually the drug de-addiction centers are not the part of hospitals. If we make them the part of hospitals then this will be helpful. Input from the basic and real worker and the sufferer (addicts) will improve the framework and implementation of policy. 
0 0 army training or ncc training will be mandatory for all youths at school level.first benefit is feelings of  patriotism  rise in all youngsters and they would know how to live a disciplined life.the mind of the youngsters can automatically changed from drugs to healthy life with this step. thanks. 
0 0 youth ko drugs se door rakhne ke liye  school level par NCC training ya army training camp jaruri hone chahiye.in programs se  ek to yputh ko drugs se door rakha ja sakega or dusra fayda ye hoga ki youth ko diciplin me rehna a jayega or iske sath hi unme desh bhagti ki bhawna bhi jagegi jo ki hamare desh ke bhavishya ke liye bahut faydemand hoga. thanks 
0 0 Agar aap chahe too nagina ko bahut chamka sakte hia jase gujraat chamka huaa hia wase nagina chamka de jiye aap ki bahut kirpa hogi dhanye baad aap ki parti ka 1 bahut chota sa karye karta sharad agarwal nagina se mo 9012804755 
0 0 1 2 saal lag jaye gi or us ma jiya se jiyada 100 aadmi yo ko hi rojgaar mel sake ga is se too aap nagina ke mel ki jo jameen lagbhag 480 bhega hia us ma koi bhel jase factre lag ba de jis se 5  7 hajaar aadmi yo ko kaam mil saki  kyu ki nagina ma kaam mil sake nagina ma kaam ki kami hia karne walo ki nahi nagina ka handicraft bahut pirsid hia yaha ka maal bahu bahu door jata hia magar pase time se nahi aane ke karan log us kaam ko bhi band karte ja rahi hia jis se hajaro log khali hojaye gi 
1 0 In India there are dry states, dry cities and dry days where Liquor is not available at any cost On the other hand government is giving subsidies to army personnel. Yes this is necessary in some cases like in very cold whether but even in the plains the government is providing such subsidies. It is also not hidden that some army personnel sell these liquor market at higher rate while some oblige there friends by providing these subsidized liquor for marriage & parties. This should be stopped. 
0 0 Pradhan sevak ji namaskaar sevak ji aaj aap ne sabhi state ke c m ko dilhi bulaya hia jis ma hamare up ke c m shree akhiles yadab ji bhi shamil hoge sevak gi aap se anurodh hia ke aap un se nagina ko jila banane ki baat kare taki nagina ka vikas ho saki nagina sun 2009 ma lok saba ban chuka hia magar aajtak nagina ka vikas nahi huaa 1kataye meel thi magr 20 salo se wo bhi band hia jo ab jakar akhiles ji ne kebnet ma chalu karane ki baat ki hia magar us ke halat kafe kharab hia jisko sahi karane 
0 0 Sir on the problem of weaker public transport why dosent the gov appoint IIM's and IITans in public sector 
1 0 Addiction is a serious public health concern. There is a lack of trained service providers both for prevention and treatment. Centre for Addiction Medicine, NIMHANS Bangalore, believes that the best answer lies in capacity-building through use of modern technology. NIMHANS ECHO, has initiated a free “virtual” knowledge-network based interactive training program with the objective of transferring the skills, wisdom and knowledge to health professionals/counselors in this area. vlc.nimhans.ac.in 
0 0 Sir, In my opinion measures should be taken to negate the availability these especially nearby educational institutions starting from schools to colleges. 
0 0 respected sir, aap drugs aur nashe jaisi buraio ko door karne ki baat karte hain aur Honey Singh jaise singer apne gaano me nahe aur daaru ki baat karte h sir, aise log samaj aur yuva warg k liye abhishap h 
2 0 Modi ji drug, sharab  or dhumrpan hamara samaj kharab ho raha hain ,isko bachane ka sabse achha tarika hain in sabki production par ban  laga do,jo ki sarkar kehath main hain..... 
1 0 Please ban on alcohol like Gujarat... Alcohol ki wajah se bhot galat harkaten hoti hai like ladkiyan chedna ,mara piti karna... Alcohol jisne piya hota hai woh apne sense s kho deta hai..... Misbehaviour,rape aisi ghatna hoti... ' say no to drug' ek movement chalana chahiye. 
1 0 P.M. Saheb, Please evolve a routine public rewards / condemnation system to appreciate and recognize social justice contributors and help people to identify corrupt and criminal acts against socity. 
0 0 P.M. may kindly consider following. 1. Engage unemployed youth in social justice system / Admn. 2. Seek help of capable senior citizens in Social and Infra- Structural developments including Ganga cleaning /Swachh. 3. Make Banks & Financial institutions more  accountable for major defaulters and help minor defaulters repayments. 4. 4.Classify rich and poor law breakers as reasonable as possible, as condition and compulsion of crime / act should become imp. for just. 
0 0 need of the hour pyase ko kua par pani peene nahi jana  kuaa( borewell ) pyase ke ghar  le jana he . Concept of welfare state  to make awareness .through Ngo we can help . project  be given to depressed in envelop like a gift at his home. Nashe se bahar lana  hey unko .Entrepreneurs banane kee himmat dena hey .They will get marketing support  of Sarkar  and other incentives .we are helping in opening accounts of self help groups in village. 
1 0 आदरणीय, जिस प्रकार से नशे ने युवाओं को अपने पंजे में जकडा है वह हमने अपने जिले के 100 से अधिक गॉवों और स्कूल, कॉलेजों में देखा है,ब्रहमाकुमारीज के मैडीकल विंग के कार्यक्रम मेरा भारत व्यसन मुक्त भारत द्वारा ऑडियो, वीडियो, प्रदर्शनी के माध्यम से जाग़़ति करने का प्रयास किया है बहुत से युवाओं ने इनसे मुक्ति भी पाई हैा नशीले पदार्थों पर रोक के साथ उनसे नुकसान के बारे में सही जानकारी मिलने से लोग खासकर किशोर, युवा इनसे दूर रहेंगे,इसके लिए मैं हर गॉव, विदयालय,यूनिवर्सिटी में जाने के लिए भी तैयार हूूॅ 
1 0 Sir  pl publise this website through adds n all Also try to promote and bring the volunteers of the week in pulic so that others also think to b the volunteer of the week for the country try to give adds comprising all volunteers of week so as to create a sense of competition among youths if not through adds then social media U can invite volunteer to meet u at ur place as a tribute to their control n inspire others 
2 0 Sir generic medicines are very cheap sir pl make it mandatory for all doctors to prescribe generic medicines nly 
3 0 Sir pl ban all.govt recognised liquor shops 
1 0 BAN ON IMPORT AND PRODUCTION. MAKING PRICES HIGHER EXCEPT WHICH ARE USED FOR MEDICINES. 
1 0 First of all government should stop manufacturing drugs(Tosmac). Many of the issues occurs due to consumption of drugs. The government which aware the people says not to use drug which is dangerous. But the same government yield maximum economic money through drug supply. Drug production should be banned all over the India . 
0 0 The most effective step would be to cut the supply .1)Install cameras , keep sniffer dogs all along the border.2) Whenever there is a seizure , a  transparent procedure should be followed. it should be weighed , the relevant entry should be posted online  and immediately sent to the narcotics bureau where it can be disposed off. Unless a SOP is not followed drugs will be seized , portions of the same pilfered and then sold off. Seizures without transparent SOPs will continue to be just a sham. 
3 0 Usage of drugs can be controlled only if we destroy 100% drug production, drug transportation and spiritual acceptance, spiritual meditation. Example - George Harrison- Guitarist of the Beatles in 1960-70, was in a path of drugs. In 1968 he travelled to Rishikesh in northern India with the other Beatles to study meditation. By the mid-1960s Harrison had become an admirer of Indian culture and mysticism. So in these way we can destroy drug addiction. 
2 0 A GRAND WEBSITE should be made available by the central govt.  for the SELF EMPLOYED YOUTH / ENTREPRENEURS availing the govt.'s schemes to boost their business / industries and to have a level playing field with their big competitors. Advertisement support is also a key requirement for their success in their respective fields. Above all banks' timely support of arranging funds to their units is crucial. The present system is not up to the mark to help the entrepreneurs. 
0 1 Respected Sri Modiji ... humera desh mein har IT company mein bhartiyea bhes-busha varjit hai ... waha vedesi bhusa ko he manyta dee gayee hai .. kiya ise badla nahi ja sakta .. kiya hum kurta-payjama mein karm sthal pe nahi ja sakte ,agar hum ne he apne tradition ko follow karna chor diyea to bhabisya prajna pidi ke liyea kiya siksha chorengee ? .. kiya aap aisa  nahi kar sakte ke in companiya is vargit niyam ko khatam kar de aur hum swadesi ke or chal pare ... aap ka abhar .. Soumen . 
1 0 SELF EMPLOYMENT SCHEMES through banks can not yield desirable results until the banks do not appoint a full time receptionists to educate the common man / illiterates about the schemes and help them avail the benefits. Many schemes are not reached to the needy. In fact many people are not aware of the govt.'s various programmes and schemes. Shocking is even   M.L.A.'s and M.P's are not aware of some of the govt.'s programmes 
0 0 in haryana there are plenty of liquor shops than any other shops/booths. there numbers be curtailed and amul/vita/mother dairy booths be opened simultaneously.Social work departments must take help of NGOs working for this menace. 
0 0 modiji hamare desh me sabhi chunav me sarab kaupyag kar vote liye jate ha yadi matdan ke din alkohal test karakar matdan kraya jaye to es pravarti ko roka ja sakta hai motar chalana alkohal peekar mana ha to alkohal peekar desh ko chalane bale ka chayan shhi nahi ho shakta 
0 0 Dear Modiji As 26 January is coming Modiji it is very important day for the whole country The Republic Day. Modiji it's a best way to show unity in our country to the whole world. For this I have an idea sir if u request on Mann ki Baat that everyone on 26 January at a particular time do our national flag hoisting on their roofs. Sir its like a dream come true. 125 crore Bhartiya ek sath Tirangaa ferayege. Sir if satellites can click pikz sir we wil create history. 
1 0 A very informative  article I came across on the increasing drug menace in our country http://www.mid-day.com/articles/dangerous-new-drug-meow-meow-haunts-mumb... youth is getting attracted to drug use just due to peer pressure, achieving a sense of false euphoria,  We need to combat drug abuse by controlling its import into the country as well by cracking down  heavily on the domestic drug mafia 
0 0 Dear Modiji Our youth is very much affected from drugs and I think late night discotheques and club's may be one of the place for drugs. Drugs must be banned at any cost to save our youth. As youth is our future sir .A special watch must be kept on these discos and late night club's so that we can completely stopped the consumption of drugs. 
0 0 Respected Modi ji, first of all I would like to draw your attention towards the drugs that are supplied in the market are easily available for the youngsters, and I am sorry to say that even the local police are also well aware of the fact but for some bribe(money) they do nothing to that drug supplier, Modi ji I would request you to first ask the police men to be sincere and active for your thought of tackling the drug menace in india or else all the effort of yours or ours will be of no use. 
0 0 form deterrent law for doing unlawful activities . In India even capital punishment is not given publicly  ( in open public ground )creating horror for the society .Awareness increases by organizing Public picture ( skit ) in free cinema . 
0 0 आदरनिये मोदी जी कृपया देश की बेटीओ को विवाह उपरांत कठोर व न्याय संगत कानून से सुरक्षित करने की कृपा करे व देश की किसी भी बहु को सास द्वारा घर से निकालने वाले कानून को कृपया बदल दे व सब शादियों का रजिस्ट्रेशन व दहेज़ देने-लेने- मांगने वालो को कठोर सजा व सिमित लोगो का फंक्शन/दावत हो न की शादी का दिखावा हो | 
1 0 DIVERTING THE MINDS OF COLLEGE STUDENTS TO SPORT AND CO CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES LIKE GIVING TERM PROJECTS ANTI DRUG OR ON DRUG ABUSE.STUDENTS SHOULD BE AWARED OF SIDE AFFECTS OF DRUG ADDICTION. 
0 0 The most important aspect is to impart moral values and ethics to young children and even their parents.  Importance of discipline and dedication also need to be highlighted through a revamp of the education system.  Population control is another critical area, which no one in a position of power really wants to talk about but is an area which people really need to be educated about.  Better not to have children, than have children you cannot feed, clothe and educate! 
0 0 In most cases drug addiction has a deeprooted depression as its route cause. The mental state of drug addicts is not dissimilar to that of incarcerated prison convicts. Mrs Kiran Bedi has done some wonderful work with prisoner's of Tihar jail. She has deployed Vipassana meditation very successfully. I am wondering if something similar can be done for drug addicts. Maybe her services can be used to run a pilot project to test Vipassana on recovering addicts or their near & dear ones 
1 0 I am from Pune MH. Every day municipal cleaners burn the garbage and within an hour all the air around gets polluted. I asked them to stop, even had a chat with the supervisor, told them that garbage burning punishable offence, but no use. Its winter now, people are burning more fire. Sweepers burn the garbage and it is left to create smoke for hours. Please take this issue for cleaner env. and healthier air. 
0 0 Overuse of fertiliser & pesticides of bad quality is the primary reason for diseases of Indians. Request for national policy on quality of Agro Chemicals and training of farmers in reducing of chemicals 
0 0 Dear Sir, First we have to strongly stop all type of bad activity at our country borders for future happiness & make special teem & strict law in the country for supplier also, then we can start other activity like taking a support from any type of media, A lesson in School books in only 8th to 10th standard this is the age to learn all right or wrong quickly, we need to educate parents, hospital need to support quickly through all type of medicine which can help keep away from any type of dugs. 
0 0 Village me dust sab se jada pai jati hai. per muchhe lagta hai usi dust me se rojgar bhi nikal sakta hai. Like gobar and rakh and other waste metrial ko kampost khad ke roop me ready kiya ja sakta hai. plastic ko ekatha karne ke bad thode se treatment ke bad galiya banane ke liya use kiya ja sakta hai 
0 0 Please issue strict instructions and directions in order to check hoardings and black marketing at tomorrow’s meeting of state CMs.Appropriate measures must be taken in the fields of procurement and distribution so that a uniform Consumer Price Index can be ensured at the national level.Please convene the meeting of the National Development Council periodically for the evaluation of similar matters. 
1 0 strict law can stop this the main thing is that the suppleir they make more person to addit thats why this thing is growning on give a advertisment on television about new strict law without strict law no is possible they sure about that i sure sir you will get success in this this delar came from different part of work or country and make money from this firstly this attact on college students which can be easily cover for that plz sir make a strict law on it for the new law take a suggest on 
1 0 Hon.PM,India, I am submiting an innovative idea on de-addiction. » Methadone, buprenorphine are the medications used for the treatment of addiction. »These medications create extreme dislike about tobacoo, gutkhas, liquors, etc., »If we make it compulsary for the manufacturers to add certain amount of these medications in tobacoo, gutkhas and liquors (same as the compulsation of printing add on the packets that 'it is injurious to health'), then the addictive substances themseve acts as medications. »After consumption of these gutkhas and all, the consumer creates strong dislike of these substances and hence in this way, we directly encounter the root of the addiction. »De-addiction lowers the expenditure on health and indirectly contributes to the development of our country. 
1 0 Strict implementation of the existing laws without any exception and excuse is the only tool to get rid of this problem. This can be assisted by inclusion of some of the topics related to abuse of drugs in secondary or higher secondary education. 
0 0 Drug addiction has nw bcme a trend in youths to overcme this there is a need for strict enfrcing laws. secndly,one selling all such drugs should be given a seviour punishment 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , नमस्कार मेरा मानना है व मैने अनुभव किया है समाचार पत्र या मीडिया  कि अहम भूमिका हो सकती है , आप  हमारे समाचार पत्र व समाचार चैनल से आव्हान करेगे तो हम  इस समस्या पर नियन्त्रण जरूर कर पायेंगे ! आशा करता हू आप एसा अवश्य करेंगे , धन्यवाद, आपका आम नागरिक अभिषेक पारीक अजमेर 
0 0 Now a day Loksabha and Rajaysabha is intrupted by all opposition dont loose your patient.Take the views of PUBLIC from all over india by media. Dont discussing on Doordarsan programme.Please avoid  Doordarsan Programe.For Delhi Election dont use all MP for election SABHA. Select some  genuine persons from DELHLonly for ELECTION.There is good atmosphere in Delhl.Please focus on the " SABAKA SATH SABAKA VIKAS. By MEDIA and HOLDINGS besides ROAD and CHAR RASTA IN NCR DELHI. 
0 0 sir, we have lot of expections from you. digitalization should come first for universities,schools and all teaching sectors, in 21st century we have to go same far town to fill up our examination form for valuable exams and Demand drafts and lot more evenif I have net banking facility, so kindly upgrade all universities first... 
1 0 Sirji, Part 1/8 :  SAY NO/NA 2 ‘N-A-S-H-A”…..…..JAGAAYIYE  JEEVAN KI “A-A-S-H-A” Our youth should realize the difference between ‘NASHA (DESTRUCTION)  & AASHA (HOPE)’, while NASHA destroys them, AASHA creates a new hope. While NASHA finishes their life, AASHA gives a new “UMEED”  - meaning to life! We call our youth, THE POWERHOUSE / DRIVING FORCE OF OUR YOUNG NATION – LET’S NOT ALLOW THIS POWERHOUSE TO BE SWAYED BY THE BAD VIBES OF NASHA!! SAY NO / NA TO DRUGS & SAY YES TO JEEVAN KI AASHA!! 
0 0 Part 2/8: JAGAYYIE UMEED!! LET’S GENERATE & SPREAD HOPE EVERYWHERE! Drive Drugs MILES away&bring SMILES everywhere! KSHEMAM SARVANTAYAMI!! Our Govt. bodies, NGOs, local inst., colleges& other related agencies sd do vigorous & IMPACTFUL CAMPAIGN through Radio/TV/Commercials, which can keep our nation’s youth MILES AWAY DRUGS&thereby bring  back SMILES IN THEIR LIFE! Like Swachh Bharat, we can rope few brand ambassadors/famous celebrities to drive home the message, as strongly, as it can be! 
1 0 Part 3 / 8: DRUG MENACE: AREA / LOCATION SPECIFIC ACTION PLAN IS NECESSARY  TO CONTROL DRUG MENACE :- Further, if we analyze the problem bit deeper, we see that,  most of the times, the favourite hunting ground of  drug abuse happens  in public parks, resorts in the outskirts of the cities, college hostels, pubs, bars, night clubs etc.. & each of these locations needs different action plans, often area specific, to tackle the drug menace. Authorities of these areas /spots sd have dos' & dont's! 
1 0 Part 4/8:HOSTEL WARDENS TO WARD OFF THE DRUGS ENTRY BY WARDS:- Incase of college hostels, surprise check by hostel wardens, lecturers/principals, guardians & proper counseling, to begin with for Ist time offenders & strict action on repeated offenders could do the trick.  NO PARENTS WD LIKE THEIR CHILDREN TO STUDY OUTSIDE THEIR HOMES, BUT FOR THE SAKE BETTER EDUCATION, THEY R OFTEN FORCED LEAVE THEM IN D HANDS OF HOSTEL WARDENS,& MORALLY SPEAKING,HOSTEL WARDENS SD HAVE A MECHANISM2CONTROL THIS. 
1 0 PART 5/8: CONTROL/STOP DRUG ABUSE THROUGH MUSIC–IT HAS GREAT HEALING POWER! PLAY MELODIOUS(NOT LOUD) DESH BHAKTI/ DEVOTIONAL SONGS/ INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC IN PARKS THRU LOUD SPEAKERS, which can be installed on street light poles & LIGHT MUSIC  (NOT NOISY!) can be played in moderate decibel  level (WITHOUT CREATING RUCKUS OR NOISE) so that, PURE MUSIC OR SANGEET DOES NOT ALLOW ANY OF OUR YOUTH TO GO ASTRAY!  MUSIC HAS GREAT HEALING POWERS & Let’s play Music in our parks-to control drug abuse! 
1 0 PART 6/8 : SPORTS CAN CHECK DRUG ABUSE As many myGov volunteers have pointed out, increased engagement of our youth in O/D SPORTS activities could be an excellent to keep them away from drug abuse.Sports engagement has a great impact on one’s ability to remain focused, social, committed&above all, healthy/fit.  Let’s encourage more & more different sports, BE IT CRICKET OR FOOTBALL OR KABADDI fields in vulnerable area such as N– E, J&K etc.How abt a combined Ranji team of N- E region in cricket 
1 0 Part 7/8: SAY YEST TO SPORTS/MUSIC & SAY NO TO DRUGS -THE NEW AGE MANTRA FOR OUR YOUTH! In the recent times, youth from our N -E region have come up in a big way in sports&by encouraging sports in such regions further, we can put a halt spreading of drug menace.  Engagement of our youth with SPORTS OR/& MUSIC could be the best way to check the abuse. Let’s popularize Cricket in N– E Region. Just as cricket has helped J & K youth from engaging themselves in sports, same can help N- E as well. 
1 0 Part 8/8:  PUB / BAR OWNERS SHOULD BAR ENTRY OF ANY KIND OF DRUGS IN THEIR PREMISES ! In the recent times, there have been odd cases of drug abuse taking place in the pubs/ bars etc.., & it’s high time, owners of such places be on guard & should try to control &  BAR SUCH PRACTICES , once for all! Of course, law of the land should prevail for any violation of the law & the fear of this action should deter everyone  from allowing any kind of activity that encourages drug abuse in their premises. 
0 0 From Mr. Rupesh Kumar, ICTC Counsellor, Sub-Divisional Hospital, Barsoi, Katihar, Bihar 
0 0 Respected Modiji Maybe the following could be pondered upon: 1. Burning of leaves etc. This is a major cause of pollution esp in winter times. This also burns up precious oxygen. The leaves can easily be converted to compost for the fields. 2. Necessity of not speaking on mobiles while driving. 3. Simply hang a plastic bag in the car and dispose of trash in that instead of throwing it on the roads. 
0 0 hello sir aapse ek nivedan h ki aap hmare country me jitne trh ka reservation mil rha h use puri trah band krwa de to country apne aap aage bad jayega. hmare country me jo SC/ST, WOMAN.JAAT MUSLIM Y KISI bi trh ka milne wala reservation band krwa de aap ka bht bht upkaar hoga 
0 0 If people are involved in creative activities;they are given their due importance;their efforts in their fields are appreciated and encouraged,there is hardly any reason for them to move towards drugs.It is a psychological problem and should be treated in that way.A proper counselling of patients and their guardians can lead to an effective and long lasting solution because through counselling the very roots of the problem can be identified and treated. 
0 0 We must create social support groups at every village/ward level.  we must appeal and bring together well meaning individuals in those place and make them to interact with all families in that area to bring out any concerning issues and provide them counselling plus physical and financial support wherever needed.  People must be able to discuss any issues with these goup openly.  In the absence of Joint Family system these social groups can provide the necessary support to create a bonding 
0 0 A comprehensive strategy is needed to tackle this problem.When people feel themselves neglected,they try to fill this vacuum by these type of things.Here comes the role of family,friends & society.If since childhood they are nurtured with love & values,there are very less chances of deviation towards drugs or any other such activities.On the other hand,government should also secure its borders so that the drug supply from eastern & western sides of India can be prohibited. 
0 0 Sports must be given due importance. Children and youth love sports. They should be encouraged to play. Sports has the capacity to give high. The youth will forget drugs. Once a sport lover always a sport lover.  Sports as a career, second to none, for 5% of the working population must be envisaged. This would channel the energy of youth on the right path and bring glory to the country. As a bonus the sports industry will flourish. 
0 0 Make the narco drugs act more tough so that no body is able to think about this.Give more power to the CBN which is a body under the DOR. 
0 0 Restructuring of Narcotics Control Bureau on the basis of International Standards and Best practises and strengthening it by amendment of NCB laws confirming to Modern times and a recruitment drive to involve youngsters in Prohibition and Prevention of Drug abuse. A huge amount of Drugs is smuggled in India through International Borders near Nepal and Pakistan.Deployment of CCTv cameras and Dog squad and honest checking by BSF staff can reduce the inflow. 
0 0 Solutions for this issue: 1> Art of living Happiness program ("Sudarshan Kriya") should be compulsory in the college curriculum. 2> From Standard 5th, each year student must play new game. for more info in this topic refer pondicherry Arvind Ashram as a Case study. 3>We should put more emphasis on Indian Family Systems. When people feel alone they prefer to get "high". so government should give some benefit (like tax benefit) to joint families. it will create more human values in peoples' mind. 
0 0 Need to make all organized crime as severe offence, Death penalty to award if found guilty in fast track court. Drug, Enviroment pollution, economic offence ,rape, should be considered as organized crime.People are fade up with judiciary system, see nirvaya case , not yet the case is closed & punishment awarded instead court ruled to remove dark glass from cars.This happened in a bus that too in late night, how this matter is related to dark filmed car,  police harrassing  public only. 
1 0 For Prevention of Alcoholism and Substance (Drugs) Abuse, NGOs /Voluntary organizations conduct sensitization programme in Schools and Colleges, create awareness and educate people about the ill effects of Alcoholism and Substance (Drugs) Abuse on the individual, family, work place and the society at large. Information regarding ill-effects of alcoholism and drug abuse should also be  disseminated in regional languages through the documentary films in Schools and Colleges as well as on TV. 
0 0 made the same offence as drug trafficking 
0 0 to escape the law by hook or crook.Public must be encouraged to report the matter to narcotics cell through a given toll free number and the whistle blowers identity should be protected.Rather than a formal enquiry by the police a thorough specialised informal enquiry can bring forth the real culprits.The community at large can also teach them a lesson by boycotting such shops. in the case of medications used as drugs ,drugs shall not be sold without proper medical prescription should be conti 
0 0 Sir..As an initial step shops selling drugs should not be permitted near school or college campuses and existing laws pertaining to this must be strictly enforced.There are certain bakeries which sell products like juices mixed with alcohol to students and they have specific codes to identify the customer so that they do not get caught.Even some medications used to treat terminal illness like cancer are also used to induce addiction.In such cases evenif a complaint arises these shopkeepers conti 
0 0 आज हमारे देश में नशा लगभग हर युवा करते है। कुछ लोग शौक के तौर पर करते है, तो कुछ मानसिक तनाव के कारन करते है। आज कुछ ही स्कूल होगे जहा पढाई के साथ साथ खेल कूद, योगा पर भी ध्यान दिया जाता हो। आज अगर सभी स्कूल में पढाई के साथ साथ ये सब पर भी ध्यान दिया जाए तो लोग मानसिक तौर पर युवा ये सब से बच सकते है। आज के युग में करीब 15 से 20 के उम्र के लोग इसका जादा सेवन करते है। खेल और योग ही एक मात्र उपाए है जो नशा सेवन से हमे दूर रखा जा सकता है। 
1 0 Health education programs in schools to educate about this dangerous attraction which often is encouraged due to peer pressure, multi-lingual national awareness campaigns through print and electronic media in the form of cartoon strips, articles, skits by using help of advertising agencies, willing and honest comments by rehabilitated persons who have experienced the problems when they used drugs and how they feel after recovery, educational programs showing how drugs damage the various organs. 
0 0 'drug menace ' tackling when our youth are misguided(By Whom -non literate administrator of bharat desh) supported by whom well literate .educated INDIAN ADMINISTRATION........ Now responsible only ourselves ,punish yourself ,it will tackle now. 
0 0 See.  Drug.  Addicts.  Harm The.  Progress.  Of. The.  Nation. In. Many. Ways.  Due. To. Taking.  Drugs.  There. Balance.  Of.  Body. Is.  Lost.  And. Slowly. Becomes.  Unconscious.  And.  Liver.  Fails. Heart.  Fails.  And.  Death.  Occurs.Simultaneously.  Due. To.  Their.  Habit.  Of.  Taking.  They.  Sent.  Thousands.  And. Thousands.  Of. Rupees.  Each. Day. Fight.  With.  Wife. Parents. Bose. To. Stop.  Them.  We.  Have.   Put.  A. Chemical.  In.  Drugs  So. When he.take. he feels dislike 
0 0 1.  Drug menace/tackling should be made part of the school curriculum  from the primary stage. 2.  Drug trafficking (of even small amounts) should be made a non-bailable offence. 3.   Members of law enforcement agencies who assist the drug traffickers should be given exemplary punishment. 4.   Most of the criminals have godfathers in political parties.  They should be identified and ostracized. 5.    District Heads of enforcement agencies must personally ensure anonymity/safety of informants 
0 0 1.  All bureaucrats,ministers and Govt. employees should be bound to educate their children in Govt. Schools.....then Quality of Education will improve automatically........ 2. All bureaucrats,ministers and Govt employees should be admitted in Govt Hospitals only.... By doing so,2-way results will come automatically..... 
0 0 हमरे युवाओं में नशा खोरी की आदत मुख्यतया इन कारण से है - बेकारी – Unemployed youth fall in Nasha. Like NCC and NSS in schools, we can have a scheme for unemployed youth under National Service Scheme, where they get enrolled, report at a particular place / office at scheduled hour, get monthly stipend and work for supporting government work / initiatives like traffic volunteers, teaching in primary school, assisting at hospitals, railway stations, old age homes etc.. 
2 0 I think focus should especially be on teenagers and college students. Availability of drugs on numerous college campuses across our country is very much easier and many a time the administration quietly turns the other side and ignores the problem.In addition to strict monitoring and awareness campaigns,it is important to enliven campus life and make the students busy.This could be through inviting them to volunteer for government schemes and giving them simple incentives for the same. 
0 0 हमरे युवाओं में नशा खोरी की आदत मुख्यतया इन कारणों से है - लक्ष्य एवं मार्गदर्शन का अभाव – Youth need guidance at community level. Retired and experienced people can speak at Community meetings / Radios. Concept of Nehru Yuvak Kendra should be changed from picnic / outing etc. to cultural discussions. संस्क्रुती एवं संस्कारों का अभाव – What is being served in Newspapers, TV, Radio and English schools has very negative effect on youth. Government Media. should counter this cultural evasion. 
0 0 हमरे युवाओं में नशा खोरी की आदत मुख्यतया इन कारणों से है - पहचान शुन्यता – In school attention is given just to those who get good marks. Back benchers have literally no Identity, which drives them to wrong habits- like angry young man of bollywood. खेलों, महोत्सवों में भागीदरी ना होना – It is only 5-10% students who get chance to perform on stage and be in sports. Others, particularly from weaker sections are not born extrovert and  feel left out. Every student must be given some opportunity 
0 0 the moral sciences are taught upto 5th class.... why not tech advance moral sciences to the students starting from 6th class and make students learn about hazards of drug intake, threats caused and cases about how drug and alcohol spoils on lives . this will have greater impact on them and give them opportunity to go and educate the sections of society by means of conversations ... these marks should be rewarded like co curriculars. 
2 0 Government will have to make strict rules and another is that they should see sad stories about it and inspiration speech by our inspirational Pm Namo. 
0 0 Modi ji, I please request to adress the people on Population Control, and Need for Education and need for proper moral values in their children. These two steps by INDIAN GOV will eliminate half of the problems of India, inc. Drug Menace. Thanking you. 
1 0 ज्यादा है उपाय -संस्कार और शिक्षा ओर कठोर कानून का उपयोग ही इसका उपाय है वंदे मातरम् 
1 0 मा प्रधानमंत्रीजी नशे का एक कारण प्यार भी है माता पिता का ज्यादा प्यार बच्चों को बिगाडता है और स्त्री पुरुष का प्यार अगर टूटता है तो वो नशे को बढ़ावा देता है ओर समाज के लिए भी घातक होता है लालच कम समय मे ज्यादा कामयाब होने की चाह घर मे सधनता कहासे आ रही है ना पत्नी पूछती ना बच्चे क्योंकि आज सभी को भौतिक सुख चाहिए ओर परिश्रम से उन्नति के लिए समय लगता है तो ज्यादा पाने की चाह भष्ट्राचार ओर नशे को बढ़ावा देता है और जो लोग जल्दी मे होते है और नशे का व्यापार भी करते क्योंकि इसमें मुनाफे का प्रतिशत 
0 0 Jaisa ki bhut sari govt aayi h chli gai or same thing is happened here you made rule for no tobacco and next day this rule is broke  so its mean there is zero implemention and practically hike rate of excise & custome is become way of  increase in government exchquer.so to finish it we need extremely zero Torrence 
0 0 Anything which we want to throw out from rootfor that we have to collect the way of their growth.similarly when thw rootcause will be known it becomes easy for us to handle it.somewhat we have to minimize it to some extent and then we can say NO to it. 
0 0 Bonded labor means unable to free ourselves from any curse to live in society .Some inner force ( urge ) with external support ,  strict law , Godly message comes .Alternative method of earning life with DIGNITY  be served to them by society or n g o or Government of India pick&choose .Stressed living conditions , lengthy systems and procedures ,high cost of living middle class youth is sufferer .yoga necessary for a depressed youth. See Neelichhatriwala ztv .Engineers should be joined for India 
0 0 Need to popularize the medicines which create allergy against bad habits like drugs alcohol etc 
0 0 police should  take proactive measureCctv cameras may be installed outside the gates of school colleges which should be directly monitored by principals  Role of parents and teachers are very crucial in curbing this menace. NGOs working in the field Of drug de adiction can inform the police  about drug paddlers by taking information from the benifieshries of their survices. Who so ever official posted at what ever level of infiltration of druga in India can be suitably rewarded if he catch hold 
0 0 Two tier approach is needef,one for prevention and one for cure. In prevention Gove and non govt agencies have to be proactive.Drug peddlling should be declared anti nation activity and harsh punishment should be given accordingly. In police stations beat constables should be trained and motivated to be vigilant in area and inform higher authorities if drug peddlers found in the area. Police know better  what is going on in his area but act only  on complaints received from public. 
0 0 ( 1 ) AS STATED EARLIER, ALL CITIZENS'  " AADHAAR CARD INFORMATION  TO BE UPDATED AT REGULAR INTERVALS ". ( 2 ) WHEN THESE INFORMATIONS ARE UPDATED, IT WILL BE EASIER FOR GOVT. TO CONFISCATE THE BANK A/cs, DRIVING LICENCE, PASS-PORT, INSURANCE, etc. OF THESE CRIMINALS.   ALL PREVIOUS CRIMES / OFFENCES TO BE CONSIDERED & COMPOUNDing PUNISHMENTS TO BE GIVEN IMMEDIATELY.  THERE SHOULD BE NO DELAY. ( 3 ) ALL CONCERNED LAWS TO BE AMENDED & MNREGA TYPE OF LABOUR / WORK TO BE EXTRACTED FROM THESE CRIMINALS & THEIR REMUNERATION CAN BE USED FOR THEIR FOOD, SECURITY, CLOTHING, etc. 
0 0 ( 1 ) AS A FIRST STEP TO CURB THESE ACTIVITIES / ALL ILLEGAL / CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES, SEVERE / HARSHER PUNISHMENT TO BE GIVEN. ( Goondas Act / TADA like punishment to be awarded ). ALL PUNISHMENTS TO BE INCREASED MANIFOLD.  ALL THEIR ASSETS / DRIVING LICENCE / PASSPORT TO BE CONFISCATED.  THIS NEGATIVE REMARK TO BE NOTED IN " AADHAAR CARD ." ( 2 ) ENTIRE DRUG NETWORK / CARTEL TO BE IDENTIFIED & PUNISHED,  EVEN AFTER APPREHENDING ONE PERSON-for eg. if A is caught, his supplier say-B, with the information obtained from-of C & all the other persons to whom he has supplied, C & his associates, D & his associates, etc. TO BE HARSHLY PUNISHED.  JAIL / IMPRISONMENT PUNISHMENTS, etc. TO BE DEBATED & SCRAPPED-waste of money in providing security, food, uniforms, etc. for these criminals. THESE  PUNISHMENTS TO BE IMPOSED FOR ALL ANTI-INDIA / ILLEGAL / CRIMINAL OFFENCES. ( 3 ) END / FINAL USER & HIS SUPPLIERS, OTHER END USERS & SUPPLIERS INFORMATIONS ALSO TO BE OBTAINED & SEVERE ACTION AS STATED ABOVE TO BE TAKEN IMMEDIATELY.  NO BAIL / ADJOURNMENTS / DEFERRMENT or SUSPENSION OF PUNISHMENTS FOR ALL THESE ILLEGAL PERSONS / CRIMINALs. 
0 0 Those drug mafias and peddlers should be shot dead on sight. No need for trials. They should be declared as traitors. No mercy for them and if someone found dealing with those traitors, they should be sentenced lifetime imprisonment... Following it strictly may help in reducing the drug menace. 
0 0 Sir, Please you  can do our India 100% drug free. Kindly empower local policing against drug mafias. We should also need to frame strong law against these drug mafias. 
0 0 SIR HUM SWACH ABHIYAN MAIN APKE SATH HAIN LEKIN YE BATAIYE KI HUM GHAR KA KACHARA KAHAN DALTE HAIN KUDEDAN MAIN YADE KUDEDAN NA HO TO ROAD YA NALE MAIN DALTE HAIN NALE ROAD SE PHIR WO SABHI JAGAH PHAIL JATA HA AAP BATAIYE JAB KOI ROZ KACHRA UDHANE NAHI AYEGA NALE SAF NAHI HONGE TO BATAIYE KYA KACHARA HUM GHARON MAIN RAKHEN JISSE BIMARION KO DAWAT DEN JAB GHAR GALI ROAD NALE SAF HONGE TAB HI TO HUM CITY PHIR STATE ISKEBAD BHARAT KO SWACHH RAKH PAYENGE. DHANYBAD 
1 0 Sir, make an effective TV advertisement with some popular sportsman for creating an awareness in our youth and children about seriousness of addiction of drugs. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Banning illegal drugs would be very helpful for the government to stop the drug addiction. Anti-Narcotic deptt. should ensure that chain of smuggling of drugs should be demolished as early as possible. Ravi Shukla 
0 0 Say No Drug 
0 0 information about drugs and its ill effects should be provided to children's at a very little age. All government and private schools should have talked about drugs in the morning session. 
1 0 3 Point Agenda to Tackle Drug Menance: 1.form a team of student police cadets and special police agents(known as Drug Tackling Squad).Students would create awarness and police would cut the supplies 2.Enforce strict laws to punish those those sale or promote drugs. 3.A chapter on menance of drug addiction should incrporated in the school carriculum. 
0 0 sir if people have work or they are employed then they do not have time for drugs.So please provide them enough education so that they can get work . 
0 0 Most Respected SIr, I have forwarded a request/proposal letter addressed to the Hon'ble Prime Ministe by speed post on 6/12/2014 ,a sensitive matter, concerning the security of the country. kindly bring the above subject  to the knowledge of the  Hon'ble Prime Minister 
2 0 Sir why do we engage in gunbattles with militants in Kashmir and not liquidate them by superior explosive power of grenades or rocket launchers. The cost of soldiers lost is much more than those firearms. So please change the strategy and BLAST THEM OFF right away!! The operation would last few minutes, save our soldiers and give militants a befitting reply. If required we should open low cost grenade and rocket manufacturing to private sector under Make in India programme. 
0 0 Respected Pradhanmantri ji , now a days manufacturers and big company's distributors take their reatailors and whole sellers to foreign tours after making their targets completed.this facility is also given to the doctors from the pharma companies.Our INDIA is facing  problems .one is the aam aadmi is getting the products on higher price because the expences of the tours effects the the prices.that is the one reason of price hike.please stop this system. thanks. 
0 0 Dear Modi jee, I have small suggestion regarding our Justice(LAW).Please start some fast track courts to finish the cases specially rape cases. We feel ladies are not getting proper justice on time. We saw Crime Patrol and Sabdhan India on TV and we feel very disappointed. So,we need your support. Thanks Ankaj Jamwal 
2 0 Sir, to channelize youth energy we should make discipline training programs like NCC, NSS, Yoga mandatory in all the educational institutes. Meanwhile, the addiction-cured youth may be made brand ambassador for de-addiction campaign and employed in rehab centres or with other social work agencies so that they find some purpose in their life. Drug possession (irrespective of qty) must be strictly punished. 
0 0 Strictly baned to sail liquor blow 25 years if any shopkeeper do this strong law provision for this..for to aware youth from drug we include some spacial subject on his syllabus from beginning. Strong law against drug mafia we have involve gram panchyat for to eliminate drugs from village we gave some powers to panchyat for this in uttarakhand many villages have baned liquor tottally in village. 
2 0 Dear Sir, The best way to reduce usages of drugs is to aware children at primary level. By introduction of awareness program in textbooks for children would definitely make an impact. Because when a child would know this, they will avoid doing such activities in future. Another restriction should be done on production of drugs and crackdown of all activities associated with it will change the face of this situation. Thanking you. Hope you will include this on your program. 
0 0 sir as I hav written earlier also students should be taught in school about bad effects of drugs and most important is if our education system changes and need of classes and tutions becomes minimum and usage of mobiles should be after age 18 then waste of time of students below their tutions and chatting rubbish will be less and demands ,highexpectations at small age will decrease due to which addiction problems will also slow down and root of this problem is mobile usage at small age. 
1 1 Sir this is a very good platform for us to contact with gov.you have always spoken about policy driven system.people are still waiting for justice in land acquisition cases,is it constitutional to grab land without paying money of today market rate,after all what could be bought in 1977 could'nt be in 2014 sir with that money, if yes then why to do injustice to anyone sir.Sir i hope you would understand.Today it is demand to protect our fundamental rights sir.you are a real saint of india sir. 
1 0 PM MODI ji, NAMASKAR. MY SUGGESTIONS " FOR TACKLING THE DRUG MENACE IN INDIA " ARE : ( 1 ) STRICTER / HARSH PUNISHMENT TO THOSE WHO ARE DEALING WITH DRUGS-espcly near Schools & Colleges. ( 2 ) ALL GOVT. LANDS / FOREST LANDS BEING USED FOR PRODUCING THESE PLANTS, SHOULD BE IDENTIFIED, PERIODICALLY DESTROYED & SECRET OPERATIONS TO BE CONDUCTED SO THAT, WHEN THE HARVESTERS COME FOR HARVEST, THEY SHOULD BE CAUGHT RED HANDED. THIS SHOULD BE DETECTED AT THE ROOTS & ALL ITS BRANCHES, etc. HAS TO BE NIPPED IN THE BUD. ( 3 ).ALL BORDER AREAS TO BE STRICTLY MONITORED / TO BE MONITORED BY SURPRISE & PERIODICAL CHECKS. ( 4 ) ALL GOVT. INCENTIVES / SUBSIDY / FREE INSURANCE, etc. FOR ALL ILLEGAL / CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES-drug dealers, illegal arms dealers, etc. HAS TO BE STOPPED / CUT PERMANENTLY-present & future govt.incentives also. ( 5 ) AS I HAVE BEEN TELLING IN THIS / OTHER FORUMS ALSO, I THINK I AM GIVING " CONSTRUCTIVE IDEAs / SUGGESTIONS ", BUT I AM NOT SURE, WHETHER THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY / PMO IS NOTING. ( 6 ) I ASSUME THE CONCERNED AUTHORITY / PMO IS NOT ABLE TO ACKNOWLEDGE SINCE, THERE IS A MAJOR / LARGE VOLUME OF " NON-CONSTRUCTIVE / USELESS INFORMATION / IDEAS, etc. " TO PM / PMO. ( 7 ) HENCE, I KINDLY REQUEST ALL MY BROTHERS & SISTERS TO " RESTRICT YOUR COMMENTS / IDEAS TO THE CONSTRUCTIVE / CONTENT / TOPIC & NOT TO UNWANTED COMMENTS ".( like PM Modi is Great, etc.) ( 8 ) AS I STATED EARLIER, PLS ALLOW US TO GIVE IDEAs / SUGGESTIONS TO ALL " GROUPS "  ( Pls don't restrict, giving our Ideas to only 4 Groups ). Thanks, Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843 COIMBATORE 
0 0 SADBHAV DEADDICTION CENTRE IS NOW RUNNING DRUG FREE INDIA MOVEMENT........ SUPPORT US AND JOIN WITH US... 