43 14 dear p.m. please express your sorrow for those who lost their children, family members and close relatives due to demonetisation and please announce compensation and give punishment to the responsible people like hospitals who refuse to give treatment to them.23 2 Respected PM ji, my suggestion about the current demonetization issue is to increase the use of card money and the e-money is to provide an 0.5 percent tax waiver for whoever uses the card money or e-money. Thank you42 0 hello sir       for DIGITAL CASHLESS MONEY   i am giving one best idea. on next sunday  i want u to announced that all (whole country)college and university should remain open and students should teach each and every people of near by village about how to make payment using app there are around 30 lakh engineering students so it will be grt reform .These is the only time where people are depride to learn how to do that afterwards it will be of no use again everything will go in cash10 1 hello sir       for DIGITAL CASHLESS MONEY   i am giving one best idea. on next sunday  i want u to announced that all (whole country)college and university should remain open and students should teach each and every people of near by village about how to make payment using app there are around 30 lakh engineering students so it will be grt reform .These is the only time where people are depride to learn how to do that afterwards it will be of no use again everything will go in cash6 1 hello sir i am happy with the demolisation of 500 and 1000 rupees. I want u to speak in mann ki baat about DIGITAL CASHLESS MONEY  for that i am giving one best idea. on next sunday  i want u to announced that all (whole country)college and university should remain open and students should teach each and every people of near by village about how to make payment using app there are around 30 lakh engineering students so it will be grt reform .These is the only time to save market vendors15 0 Dear PM, I am happy to note that you are going in the right direction of eradicating black money which has been rampant for quite some time now. I also appreciate the measures your government took for easing the problems faced by the citizens post demonetization. Since Nov and Dec are marriage seasons, some people had difficulties but happy that Govt.gave them relief. I hope this will go a long way in curbing the black money and corruption in the country today.#MannKiBaat, #AIR, @#PMOnRadio9 0 Dear Sir,I request you to have look at "Rise of Outsourcing in private sector" which is indirectly linked to job insecurity and brain drain. Now a days most of the reputed private firms do not take employees on their payroll. For example, Person "A" works in Company "XYZ" but he remains on the payroll of "pqr" company. Payroll company is basically consultancy agency. Most of the employees working in private sector are temporary/contractual employees. They do not get much facilities.6 3 Dear PM
most of property in secondary market is purchased for more money than registered value.
Market survey of prevalent rates v/s registered value be carried out and property purchased in last 10 years be Sectrunised.5 4 Monoply of indian railways should be diminished. The result of increase of pvt players in airline/telecome sector/banking/cement industry/healthcare/education/courier or postal service have shown a very positive impact on all of us . It is a noted  fact that self interest always motivate humans to work more .0 0 Respect sir we are caste by bania which is sc in the state of Assam/Meghalaya.we obtained our caste certificate from the both state  from SDO civil south salmara mankachar Dhubri and SDO civil West Garo Hils Meghalaya of our many relatives which is also interact with PMO but case is still pending and ADC kamrup verbally reply me we are unable to issue your caste without recommendations from anushuchita jati porishod  who are denied  us from 2012, So how we got our rightful principles at Kamrup.0 0 all the revenue like vat or service tax should directly credited in govt deptt .
Currently, it   is collected by dealer or service provider and than he deposits to the govt . Instead ,if  govt  acknowledges /collects taxes itself then transperency will be there  .12 1 Dear PM sir
Iss baar ki UPSC civil seva pariksha me bank, LIC aur public sector enterprises ke 3rd aur 4rth class employees ke bacchon ko OBC reservation dene se mana kr diya. Iss kadam se lakhon bacche jinko obc aarakshan ka labh milna chahiy ta wo dopt k iss kadam se exam nikalne k baad b service se vanchit reh gye. Aapse anurodh hai kripya aap inn lakho obc students k future ke liy jald se jald uchit kadam uthaiye.dhanywaad0 0 Respect Sir This is for your kind information is that if black money give a new chance for 50 fifty then who are already destroyed their own money who are biggest lost, so my opinion is say that not to give chance to the black holder for a new decision from the cabinet
Now my problem is share with you i have 3 minor children who are denied for issuance of caste certificate from the government of assam under the deputy commissioner kamrup metro due to recommendations from welfare board0 0 to reduce pollution and saving revenue first of all take decision that all personal vehicles like cars,2 wheeler are must be use petrol or gas , stop producing diesel cars ,allow diesel only in agriculture needs& commercial vehicles. then remove subsidy from petrol,gas. give subsidy in diesel .so due to zero subsidy in petrol,gas all persons try to use public transport. due to subsidy in diesel, transportation charges &dearness will reduce,so less (traffic,pollution,accident) save revenue  .3 0 Honourable Prime Minister,I have suggestion for 'CASHLESS INDIA'.... Please put expiry date on currency note 3 years on big notes(500, 2000) and 5 years on small notes(100, 50, 20, 10.... this will prevent people to stock currency notes at home or lockers and they start prefering to deposit money at banks...11 0 sir please do some justice with the ppl who have cleared UPSC 2015,named in the merit list but still they were not allocated services.12 1 Sir,many students have been disquaified by DoPT in civil services exam, 2016. Their father were working as assistant or clerk in public sectors like bank/lic/university. Please look into matter. These students are not getting benefits of OBC. #MannKiBaat0 0 3- Study why common man are not paying tax. Analysis to be done & common man to be assured of their tax. Maybe it should start from school education. Children will force their fathers to pay taxes.2 0 please sir do something about this question. and my 2nd issue for indian police because they torcher genune people.please attach the camera to there uniform and there van.2 1 sir firstly congratulation to you and us also for your blackmoney step sir i want to say about cast inequality in education and place of job.I am Belonging to Open cast I am giving different competative exam but in exam there are different fees for open cast student and other cast student and different cutt off for open cast student and other cast student.so,I am Strugling so much.2 0 What ever money is deposited in Jan Dhan by hired people , these need not be returned to original owners .please pass a law in this regard. Sabke bank mein paisa aa Gaya modiji2 0 PM Sir, you have taken bold decision to wrap black money from economic by demonetisation. Now i suggest to you for next step related to Govt Jobs Govt will make a Rule for Govt Job. No Direct Recruitment in any Govt Department. Any Indian citizen who want to Join Govt job then 1st Join Indian Army and service there 2-3 year and after his/her Performance he/she able to depute to any Govt Department as per his/her Qualification. I mean only one way to join Govt Job. One India One Entrance Exam0 0 The prime minister must to speak about demonetization issues for the people of India over the two weeks the common peoples are severely affected in this move the people more expecting your speech on Nov.27 on AIR0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiji, I am consistently trying to bring to your kind notice the pathetic and inhuman working conditions of the junior resident doctors in our country. This minority section of our society which is responsible for healing the masses is compelled to suffer and work round the clock without getting proper rest and sleep,even skipping meals at times and not having bath for days together.No regulations exist at present. Sincere request to address this issue.0 0 Dear& Respected Modi ji. Please make an account with various options like Army,Farmers etc. where we can donate for our favourite cause.We want to donate .Our govt will never face shortage of money.We want to donate for families of shaheeds .little amounts from so many people will become huge amounts.0 0 Moreover government should take 3steps-
1-as rightly announced teach usage of debit/credit cards to the common man.
2- assure people that their tax is rightly used for government projects by displaying details of expenditures to public during any opening ceremony of such projects.
Contd----0 0 Respected Sir, if your government can curtail annual charges payable in all banks for debit and credit card, charges payable to mobile wallet companies when we to transfer to our bank account and service charge payable when we buy tickets from portals like IRCTC, only then I feel that the true spirit of reduction in expenses of our government in printing currency and Digital India will come in effect.1 0 Mera pradhanmntri ji she yh sujhav hai ki DES k har GRAMSBHA me km she km 2ACRE Ka. PLAYGROUND ho jisshe hamare DES k SPORTS me kafhi sudhar hoga DHANYABAD.0 0 Dear PM Shri. Modiji,Demonetisation a very great move. Thanks to you for taking steps for curbing this robbery.
Since independence we have always been thinking of that our tax is not utilised "properly or for required national development 100%" by corrupted government employees & politicians. Now we are assured that the movement has started & people who didn't pay tax for above reasons will start paying it in national interest & will be happy to pay, I hope.0 0 3.government transport facility..like buses , train ..should have facility of cashless transaction..conductor of buses should have pos..
4..All krishi seva kendra must have pos..so that farmers can pay thorugh their jan dhan ac debit card..
5..pos installation process must be smoothen so that small vendors can easily get pos..
6..do dout cashless transaction in government departments minimise corruption..
7..starts from government departments people will become happy0 0 Subject:Registration of vehicles in various states and union territories of India
Dear Modiji,
Why can't we adopt uniform norms and conditions for one time registration of various vehicles in various states and union territories so that one can use them in any state and union territory, for any number of years (15 years) avoiding further re registration , when used in other states other than the state of registration. Similarly better if the entry fees charged by various states,be abolished.1 0 Honourable Prime Minister, Today, it is six years since the horrific 26/11 attack happened. If possible, I request you to outline the progress made by the government in improving security, particularly in the high-risk states and cities in #MannKiBaat on 27-Nov-2016. Further, 19-Nov-2016 was World Toilet Day. The website http://www.un.org/en/events/toiletday/ has useful facts which need to be communicated, in my opinion. Please share the information in #MannKiBaat, if possible.0 0 Dear sir, you have taken bold decision to wrap black money from economic by demonitasation..Imlpementation is not going well due to heavy cash cruch. Are you excepecting from all people to use mobile banking , paytm all this cashless transaction facility..but my suggestion is starts from government departments ..do them cashless..like..
1. All government hopital should have facility to pay from debit card or credit card..should have pos..
2..same facility should have in pvt hospital..0 0 One more suggestion is to remove 500 and 2000 notes. The highest denomination can be only 100.  The highest the note denomination the more will be the black money.0 0 Sir aapko sigpur ka1960 ki trh ka ek low bana chahiye,jesse aage corruption or black money phir na ho,agar corruption ho bhi to uska niptra SC ki 5-6 logo ki committee sunwai ho,aam admi ko Jo Delhi nhi aaskte unko unke city se video ke jarye sunwai me bhag le sake,but neta,adhkri, powerful agar corruption kare usko ye facility na ho,ye law president se lekar niche tak sabke liye ho ek law,but iska fyad neta or powrefull log labh na le PAYE ,jitni jaldi ye hoga utna jaldi India corruption freeho0 0 Sir, I have one suggestion.  The money deposited in bank accounts should also be looked from Family Total money deposited.  As if someone have 10 lakh of black money then he/she can easily escape if he/she deposit 2 lakh in bank account of family members, if he/she have 5 family members.  In this case Govt or IT department would not ask as the deposit amount is less than 2.5 Lakhs.  However he/she would not be able to explain source of income as 10 lakh in one year if we sum the total of money.0 0 Sir we should Aware our country for respect of old aged or senior citizens by you, us, bollywood like swacch bharat abhiyan. B.coz now a days we are seeing many youths are misbehaving with old aged person on the rod and at home. We can get knowledges of grace and culturals from tham. Can we do it sir from mann ki baat program ? You can success it in india.
Thank you sir you are brilliant pm of my country.0 0 sir,please do something for highly educated youth like me. i am a post-graduate in both mass comm and law.but i do not have any permanent or govt job.i have nine years teaching experience.but in private colleges.where salary is very low.job is not secured.we do not have any financial security for future.ihave one year old daughter.we want to use our skill,efficiency and experience.iam a great orator in english,hindi,bengali.but i do not have minimum monetary facilty.how do i survive?09434845892.1 0 Honorable PM long live .You did what we were waiting for so many years.A courageous bold step.Since you became PM many innovative ideas have been introduced and Mann Ki Baat is the best as with this people realized the true feeling of democracy. We love you.
Dr.H.C.TEWARI
M.Sc. PhD1 0 Sir I have some suggestions to curb the tension in money exchange. I would like to suggest there should be a fund created for use of education, Health,drinking water, publictoilets, housing for poor, old age pension and sanitation facility for public use.  govt can announce that deposit into this fund is acceptable with 500/1000 notes this will facilitate 80G IT Act  as donation / contribution for the public welfare. 25% of amount deposited into fund eligible for income deduction.views enclosed.0 0 Demonetisation- I STAND BY IT0 0 sir, i really support your step towards demonitisation, but i was expecting a better quality of currency notes. Im bit diappointed with the quality of notes. whenever i see a currency of some other nation which is better than us i feel there will be some day ,our nations currency will be better.whenever i see a toren note of indian currency it feels so ambarissing, poors loose there hard earned money, the toren notes loose there value.I feel some remedial steps will be taken in this regards...0 0 Dear Mr. PM,
I also want you to put an end to higher cost of education in schools & colleges.
Mahesh Rana,
Panchkula (Haryana)
+91-94177859830 0 Dear Mr. PM,
I whole heartedly welcome your move for demonetisation, but my request is to block all notes above 500 rp. note. Firstly its very hard to get it exchanged in market, secondly in the long run black market people will find it easy to hide their black money.
Thanks and hope for an positive reply.
Mahesh Rana,
Panchkula (Haryana)
+91-94177859830 0 Sir
In rural UP the selling rate for kharif like Dhan crop is getting difficult as 1200 rate is not being followed and they r forced to sell at 1000 rs rate and also things like greases for farmers are with MRP cut and sold above the MRP0 0 Mr Narendrabhai Modi,
Jai Sri Krishna
When I was in class seven I had one chapter in history was that of Mohammed bin tuglak he was very intelligent but he was failed
Your step to banned 500 1000 after 30 th Dec is very bold but it implementation is total failure. Today 500 1000 notes are quoting at 25-30 per cent discount in grey market it means you have given few people to start this business rubbish
People are buying gold in grey MKT at cash in old 500 1000. Mr Modi will you make door to7 0 Mananiya pradhan mantr mahoday, Is saal UPSC ki pariksha mein OBC Chhatra, jinke mata-pita Public Sector mein mein kaam karte hai, pe jo anyay hua hai uske liye hum aapse nyay ki apeksha rakhte hai. sarkar ke ek kadam se lakhon OBC chhatron ka bhavishya andhakarmay ho gaya hai. Kripaya nyay kijiye.1 0 Namasthe PM ji, Iam a house wife from Chennai. Our family throught supprot your scheme, demonitisation. But pls dont give any discounts to any..businessmen like Vijay Mallaiya and somany others. Pls keep strict and same rules to all people in this scheme, sothat we are here to follow you sir. Tomorrow we will wait for your answer regarding this. Thanq somuch. Poorna0 0 Sir,
To eradicate the small currency crises, would request you to stall a Temporaray Mobile ATMs at all the Railway Stations and Bus Stands. These ATMs should deliver only Rs. 100 and Rs. 50 currency notes with the limit of max Rs. 500/-. These should work 24 hrs and this will give a great relief to people for any emergency cash for smaller payouts.0 0 sir, many uneducated persons in our india, they don't know how to deposit & how to withdraw money, how to to collect the money from atm's,some persons unable to stand in atm's like old persons, phc persons,so im ready to help & educated the that peoples,many students are ready to help the that type of peoples, i dont need any amount any salary, i need only a small id card,sir  you r doing a great job sir, peoples are accepted, but this media is not supported sir,im not bjp party,im your party,0 0 Dear Sir,
I have came to know about Banks will not be having Cash for next week.
Can it be done that One Team should be made which will deal with that %age Commission agents who have stored the money which should be in circulation.
Make a fake deal for a big amount and give them Fake notes in 500 and 1000 and get that money into circulation. till they know about the reality it will be too late.
Why this notes are get-able easily.Please think on that Sir... Otherwise all will be in vain..1 0 Ways to go for cashless economy....
sir, please make appeal for graduates/ literates that each person should make efforts to teach atleast one street vendors about how to use digital payments on a particular day during this demonetisation period. Every graduate in this country wants to contribute for your efforts about corruption but they just need ignition by you.0 0 sir, many uneducated persons in our india, they don't know how to deposit & how to withdraw money, how to to collect the money form atm's,some persons unable to stand in atm's like old persons, phc persons,so im ready to help & educated the that peoples,many students are ready to help the that type of peoples, i dont need any amount any salary, i need only a small id card,sir  you r doing a great job sir, peoples are accepted, but this media is not supported sir,im not bjp party,im your party,0 0 RESPECTED SIR, TECHNICAAL EDUCATION REGARDNG0 0 Sir railway ke kaafi route pe abhi train nahi chalti par waha aaj bhi railway track hain (ex Dabhoi to naswadi in Gujarat) sir agar ham us track ko nikal le aur us lokhand ka upyog kare to hame utna lokhand kam import karna padegga . aur hamara desh ka paisa bhi bachega waise railway ne aise bahutsare route bandh kiye hain to hamara kitna Sara iron invest hain track pe jiska koi upyog nahi ho raha. Jisko hum dusre kaam me use kar sakte hain.
Thanks sir0 0 sir,0 0 Please make strong restrictions on gold business also. Make it compulsory that a DD obtained from any bank is must for even a single gram of purchase.DD should be taken from the money in account. Shop owners should maintain a database with DD numbers and details of purchase. Even while buying gold also owners should issue cheque to the customers. Shop owners should be able to show the data to IT officers at any point of time.1 0 Hello to All and to The Great Prime Minister of India Shri ModiJi...
My suggesstion for 2000 rupee note is that it can work out if everyone in a society are together for local sabji,fruits,rice,wheat or daal and daily mini products like milk,noodles,bread.
Everyone in a society or group can spend 2000 rupee note on regulatory basis with mutual understanding untill this problem solves...Example 10 people together with mutual understanding can buy ration,sabji or recharge for all 10 people...0 0 Respected sir,0 0 Resp sir Namaste, aap swath , surkshit rahe. Bank kisano ke a/c unlimited money jama kar sakte hai. Is per tax nahi lagta iska kalendhanvale khub fyda Utah rahe hai. Is money ko japt kiya jaye.0 0 Respected Narendra Modi ji,
I would like to request you to have  our National Flag put up at all schools in India and recital of National anthem to be made compulsory for students.This along with prayers done in school will instill Nationalism , pride and love for our country in the hearts of our children.
Yours faithfully
Anurag Kapoor0 0 Respected  PM sir
Aaj aap keep faisle se desh bahut khush hain aur pura desh aapke saath hain.sir sirf ek problem ye hain ki desh me fate note koi le nahi raha. Sir ye prashna hain k note agar thoda fat jaye to kya uski value nahi rehti? Sir aap se vinamra gujarish hain ki desh ke naam yah sandedh de k fate note bhi swikaar late jisase economy strong rahegi0 0 Plz respected sir
 My name is ashish tiwati S/o Baldev prasad tiwariI belongs to a small village of Banda distrc up my village name is sindhan kalan dist Banda 210126 .and in my village no any inter collage available.their peoples very suffer for education .and I am completed B.Ed and I want to start a inter collage in village so plz help me0 0 We commoners are very happy to have Demonetisation. Looking forward to more steps taken by you. Jai Hind1 0 Modi ji, A sincere bank officer suggested this idea: Make it immediately mandatory at every shop and business, including to put up a big enough display / board that payment by cheque/dd/credit/debit are preferable over cash payment and that receipts must be obtained for every transaction! 2 ft x 1 ft and in two locally most important languages! Would be great if you can make this appal in tomorrow's Mann ki Baat, it jhas every potential of spreading like wild fire!0 0 My aunty Mrs Sumati Patwardhan 94 years old and stays in Mumbai. Today she is etreamly happy to listen to your announcement of not allowing Sindhu water to Pakistan. It reminds her of Swatyantra Veer Savarkarji. She is a family friend of Savarkars. Jai Hind0 0 My third concern was around noise pollution in cities. The level of noise pollution is pretty bad in India compared to other countries. Bangalore main har koi honk kar tha rehta hai even though there is no need. No one seems to care about noise pollution but in general to live a better quality life in the cities some policy is needed
that will incentivize public transport and reduce the chaos of traffic in the cities.1 0 Respected Modiji,
i have a small request to you regarding the Wastege of Tax payer money in Parliament due to improper support from other parties.the cost of each minutes is apprx.Rs-2.5lac is wasteing the parliament without any making decision in favour of country or common people, same has to be stopped and the whaterever amount being wasted due to opposition improper support has to be recovered from there salary and facility to decreased so good discussion will happen it will help to all0 0 A few things:
1) Clarify that demonetisation is for catching corrupt. Not for people who have acquired money thru legitimate means. A farmer/trader who has >2.5 l cash acquired legitimately and has paid taxes shud not be worried about depositing it to the bank.
   Lot of rumors have been spread.
2) My other concern is related to transport. I don't see anyone making space for ambulance in Bangalore. Bahut sharamnaak baat hai. Ppl need to understand 2 make way for ambulance. Ur words might help0 0 dear sir we taking good step of block money always with u sir, about 500 and 1000 currency.
thank u sir0 0 dear sir, please see the anganavadi and mini anganavadi workers problems and salary . please needful, thanking you0 0 Respected Modiji, Your dream to make Clean India - Green India by making smart cities, would also require to create separate space for street animals, which allows them to remain within the provided boundaries and in turn helps to reduce the traffic and accidents.0 0 corruption in Judiciary is deep rooted it should be look after into.0 0 Modi ji, A sincere bank officer suggested this idea: Make it immediately mandatory at every shop and business to put up a big enough display / board that payment by cheque/dd/credit/debit are preferable over cash payment and that receipts must be obtained for every transaction! 2 ft x 1 ft and in two locally most important languages!0 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, I heard that many senior employees of companies converted their black money (Crores) to white with Bank Managers and create cash crunch for the public. Need a analysis and investigation as these people are not loyal for the nation and I call them "Aasteen ke Saanp"0 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, Please communicate to mass public in Maan Ki Baat that any person can do the sting operation of mal practices of banks/ bank officers and bring it to the notice of the media/ govt. with evidences and announce the reward for that. It may be helpful to minimize the que and inconvenience to the genuine people1 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, Please arrange to take strict action against ICICI, HDFC and AXIS bank as they are not filling the cash in ATMs and converting black into white. I have not seen any ATM of these banks with cash since last 15 days. This all resulted in long que of the people and increases the dissatisfaction among the genuine people2 0 Respected Modi Ji,
While appreciating your move on 'demonetisation' of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 den notes for its intent and purposes, I wish to submit that the govt should ensure that there is no "witch-hunting" of the innocent people and the honest tax payers by the Income Tax Deptt even on some 'technical' grounds after December 30, 2016. 
2. Kindly re-confirm your promise made towards the non-questioning of life long savings of the women folks in "Man Ki Baat" on Nov 27. Thanks and Regards.0 0 De-monetization effect may be big in coming few months due to lack of cash availability in small denominations ! it is going to affect in small business largely, to manage this, govt. must promote cash less payment at every sector from small provision store to big malls , hotels to big business firms, including salary, salary must be paid through cheque or through salary account as some do recently, Advice volunteers to reach every sector, retailers to buyers and educate them, advice them to use0 0 Respected PM of INDIA, the recent move of cease of high value currency notes(Rs.500/- , 1000/-) is a right and brave decision, your interest towards nation's upliftment is great, if we also look at our country's population is nealy 1,336,286,256 on may 2016, some some statistics projected to be the world's most populous country by 2022, if we cant take any step it could be a great scares for basic needs, so please aware people about problems of "over population".0 0 I presume that the demonetisation which is much discussed is only one of your revolutionary ideas.  I would like to state that the expenses of Govt. of India is too exhorbitant and this needs to be controlled by adding a mandatory column in the APARs of the Heads of each Govt. of India office: "Percentage of expenditure reduced during the Reporting Year as compared to the previous year" and this has to be atleast 25% for which the MoF can issue orders in tandem with the DOPT.  JAI HIND!0 0 Respected pm sir,
mein deploma civil eng. Ka student hoon. Apka note bandhika nirnay bahoot acha hai. Par kuch kale dhan vale jiska bahoot paisa pasti hone wala hai wo log 28/11/2016 ko bharat bandh ka elan diye bethe hai. Eur isi din meri exam hai aur usmein hum students ki bahut pareshani hoti hai.aur logo ko jitni dikkt bank main nai hoti isse jyada dikkat wo log khadi karte hai.hum bilkul apke sath hai.0 0 Dear PM, I love your idea for Notebandi, I think most common people are in favor of it.
But due to this common man is facing issue for daily buying goods which can easily be solved if we have cash in ATM's and refill ATM as quick a possible. rather than banks have most cash in a branch.
As most people are ok with 2000 limit for the daily transaction but ATM do not have cash and people have to go to banks. If ATM has cash available than queues in banks will be very less.  
Thanks0 0 Sir people from banks like Bareilly are getting new currency for amount more than allowed in a day and also people are getting amount upton5 lacs easily settled in accounts in UP rural areas0 0 Respected sir we appreciate your beautiful work but why the govt employee in office they demand extra money from people for their work .take an action.plz think for textile designer students govt jobs.plz generate more jobs. Plz make our India like foreign countries....with every action.jai hind.....sir0 0 Sir we are very proud of your first step towards real clean India only thing the poor are misguided and the local leaders are using their Jan Dhan accounts for amount below 50000 for converting their interests also the banks in UP are not functioning fully also pls make it mandatory for non cash payments up to a certain amount for petty expenses0 0 Respected Sir, I appreciate the work and the actions you are taking against the corruption and black money, I support your move,the hitch we are facing worth to see my India as a corruption free country.I request you to take some steps & give warnings to corrupt police officers & employee who are still accepting / demanding bribes. They don't have any fear and the common place people are getting harassed.These small level mass corruption should be stopped to gain people's faith in administration0 0 RESPECTED PM
I congratulate u to take bold and courageous decision to declare not legal tender high denoms note RS.500 and 1000.It is great tribute to RESPECTED ADVANI JEE on November 8 lies HIS birthday who campaigned against black economy  in lok sabha election in 2009.i request to u that as u declare  next year GARIB KALYAN VARSH ON PT.DDU 100 TH BIRTH ANNIVERSARY. PLEASE rechristened of the IAS AS INDIAN ANTYODAYA SERVICE.it is  a great tribute to PT.DDU JEE.0 0 Respected PM,i support your bold initiative of demonetization.most of the common man support your challenging effort sir and we are there with you for building a peaceful and prosperous india....jai hind...0 0 Adarniya PMji, Aap ne note bandi, se yeh sabit kar diya ki, 99% se adhik Bharat vasi, 'imandari ki roti and chain ki neend sona chahate hain'. Itne bare parivartan mein, kuch kamiyan jo rah gayi, woh jald door ho jayengi, jis se 'execution par joor' ki baat ubharti hai. Execution ke saath Quality/Gunvatta jodi hai. Mera anoroodh hai ki aap, is par desh wasiyon ko prerit kare. Hum jo kaam kare, usmein Top Quality pe joor dein. Aap Japan ka udharan dete huye, logon ko samjhayen prerit. Dhanyavad.0 0 I am Ravichandran Farmer from TNadu. Thank You for your bold Economic Reforms. The alliance between Corruption and Black Money is torn apart by Demonitisation. Today is Dr Verghese Kurien Birthday Day. He is the man instrumental for White Revolution. He richly deserves and merits  Bharath Rathna atleast posthumously. Pl consider the request from farmers. Jai Hindu.0 0 SIR I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR IF CAN EMPHASISE ON CASH LESS TRANSACTIONS AND ITS BENIFITS ALSO IF ANY NATIONWIDE PROGRAMME CAN BE LAUNCHED WITH BANKS FOR RURAL AND SEMIURBAN POPULATION TOEDUCATE BENIFITS OF CASHLESS TRANSACTIONS AND EASE OF TRANSACTIONS THIS WILL HELP PEOPLE TO DO THERE BUSINESS
ALSO PLEASE DO LAY EMPHASIS ON THE LOSSES COMMAN PERSON HAVING BY AVOIDING PAKKA BILL AND LET THE SELLER EVADE THE X AND POTENTIAL BENIFITS TO THAT PERSON0 0 Kerala Goes on Hartal (Band) on 28th, Sir, stirictly menton in your Baat and inform common people some parties are supporting black moneies and its holders, they are protesting and doing hartal.  jai hind0 0 Special Thanks to PM or his challenging action of demonetization and banks employees for tremendous efforts and co-operation extended.  jai hind0 0 Sir, during the hour of pain due to lack of cash availability  in small denominations, difficulties people are experience is severe. in such situation, it is necessary to educate and promote cashless payments using debit card which most people have in urban and semi urban areas, or credit cards etc,  through banks and some institutions dong well in this say, pls in your next mankibaat pls advice people to go for cashless0 0 Hello sir I appreciate your work about black money and youbare doing a good work. I m a 18 years engineering student and using technology most. My question if you will take out this much amount of black money than there will be any deduction in tax for online transaction or any type of deduction in that 14.5% tax which u take from us while shopping or dining?
Dhruv Shah
Ahmedabad,Gujarat0 0 Honourable PM Sir,
Pranaam,
Few more thoughts on "One Citizen One Digital Currency Card" based on Centralized "Digital Currency Account -DCA" which can be used for transactions between anyone - people, banks, business or Organization, through a "Digital Currency Card - DCC" or "Digital Currency Mobile App - DCMA".
Just like we have only one voter ID or one Aadhar number or one passport for one person, we may have Centralized, Common "Digital Currency Account-DCA" to be Allotted by RBI.....0 0 PM Sir, I find you the best administrator since independence. I am not that kind of expert to suggest you but i wish to share my 'MannKiBaat' with you.
Sir, since independence no serious efforts have been made towards population control. I look rootcause of every difficulty of administration in larger population and You can also see the impact in demonetisation too but unfortunately our politicians advise communities to increase  population so that thier community can enjoy the power.0 0 today is an 26/11 about 8 years ago Terrorist attack on Taj hotel but our army man can protect our country and some Jawan has sahid in this attack. I am salute to Indian Jawan who were Sahid in Taj Hotel attack0 0 Sir, I congratulate your government for taking a bold initiative by passing RERA. However, many of the state governments are dilly-dallying on its implementation. Besides, now developers are on a cancellation spree forefeiting the entire amount paid by consumers thus duping the common man of their hard earned money. Worse still, some of these builders are giving an impression that they have strong contacts in BJP. Hence, this point can be touched in Mann Ki Baat.0 0 Start smart village program as early as possible. For education, drinking water and sanitation voulunteery services of retired persons may be taken.0 0 sir my name is Nilambari Kumbhare i am form Nagpur, Maharashtra. i want to suggest you to change the educational and health system. because in educational system their is an more complication when i am fill form for gov exam their are only little seat for general and lots of seats for ST,SC,VJ,NT but for UR their is a very little seat available then how i m or so many student who has lots of talent but their come in UR to crack the exam because UR cut off is very high and because of little seat0 0 Sir, Lead by example and provision for cashless transactions at all govt counters. I have to draw cash from ATM and than book train ticket from counter. Instead, i should be allowed to book tickets using card at ticket counter. Similar things can be implemented at paying electricity bills, bus tickets, municipal taxes, parks etc. Cash management will be lesser reducing chances of black money and would increase govt revenue.0 0 Sir,  
    Why you are wasting our money  in the form of MPTC,  Sarpanch,  etc...  In our view MPTC is waste,  no use,  Abolish that and appoint one governor for two states make all Sarpanches come under ZPTC member in a manual and avoid MPP and MPTC also ask the oppositions whether they run the house today or not otherwise u concentrate on otherissues or make mandate to run a house without allegations..1 0 Sir i m constable of delhi police posted in 7 th batalian mai vill nihalpua teh pilibanga dis hanumangarh rajasthan ka rahne wala hu mai Pahle bhi likh chuka hu sir last May month mai apne ganv se govement school gaya janha dekha ki is garmi mai chhote bache sidhe balti se pani pi rahe the Maine usi time dicide kiya ki agle month ki Salary se ek watercolor lagwauga or apke aarsiwad se maine July month ki salary se wo lagwaya request hai ki aap ise man ki bat mai share kare takipoliceka moralupho0 0 *User of Addhar Card as Wallet for e-payments*
Please check the possibility if Addhar Card can be used to load money and swapped to pay like debit/credit cards. Mobile app linked with Addhar Card for e-payment currently mobile number is used. Users will have more trust on this as it will be owned and managed by government.0 0 Why you are silent when anti nationalist parties are alleging you by saying that 50 men are died by staying in queue..  
   Tell them that a terrorist bomb can kill 100's of men and Maoists can 10's of police.. And with corruption and poor supply of seeds many of farmers are committing suicides, with fake chitfund companies and criminals a lot of people are dying.. So plz keep quiet and make plans to save your black money by disturbing parliament sessions and wasting people's money .  Jaihind0 0 Modi ji I support your decision, but I think, it would be better if you advertise about nuup service i.e. national unified ussd platform i.e. *99# facility for instant fund transfer widely on news media and appeal to masses to use this facility and educate people about how to use this facility. This would surely decrease the pressure. People can easily pay for various txns using basic mobiles. Tv and news media should be extensively used for this widespread teaching.0 0 MODI sir i m a constable of delhi police sir army kisan sabke liye apne man ki bat ki ab hum police ke liye bhi kare it is request kuchh constable ko bulaye unse mile wo batayege ki police smart or honest kaise banege kyuki public se mel sabse jyada unhi ka hota  curruption bhi unhi se sharu hota hai bade bade officer thodi karte hai par ek sipahi ki itni himmat bhi nahi ki wo sirf apne liye ye karle  sir aap bulaye hamari sune it's will work chhote se admi se aap pm bane hai so we hope0 0 Lokpriya; Jannayak; Pathpradarsak;
Maa Bharti Ke Pradhan Sewak Manniya Modi Ji ko Naman. . . . !!!
Ji han Abb Viswas hone laga hai ki ek rupye main se brastachar wale 90 paise . . . . . . . Filter ho sakte hain. . . . . . . !!!!
Maan Bharti Apne Parm Vaibhav ko shighra hi prapat kar legi. . . . . . . . ; Swami, Vivekanand Ji ki . . . . . teesri . . . . . Bhawisywani . . . . . satya hone ja rahi hai.
Vande Mataram.0 0 Gd mng sir, 
     Thank you for being implemented my dream sir.  One more idea is to cede the Aadhaar card with the property in and out of the country and provide new registration forms to the people who belongs to that property including gold and vehicles in purview of a land ceiling act. Use the Technology to prevent from hacking of the government banks and sites.
    As only 30% black money is in the Roop of currency is and the remaing.  I'm ready to do anything for my country.  Jaihind0 0 why we are not printing notes with expiry date.2 0 Dear Prime Minister, 
An extraordinary bold decision to transform our India! 
Still the common man is not understanding the power of transacting cash less.
Similar to 8th November address to the nation, please address the common man how convenient it  is for a vegetable vendor to receive money in his mobile. Create short films in all languages demonstrating how to transact cash less and getting money in their mobiles.It could be reached through radio, TV, cinemas, new paper etc. All Now.1 0 Dear prime minister,
The scheme introduced 500 and 1000 rupees demonize is Good, could you please add expire date in the rupees.
For example: like a product having the manufacture and expire date. So once the date is expired we need the change the amount through the bank1 0 When we have new technologies and updated encryption techniques, why should we use currency that could be forged illegally which is old. If we have that system, then we can be sure the old money returns back to banks and new money is encrypted properly and the chaos we have today is reduced due to unavailable notes. Before the end of the tenth year we can start printing new notes and have them replace the new ones.1 0 Dear Modiji, 
We got a smarter PM in you.
On eve of Aakrosh Divas, please enlighten the citizen what is stored for them in future "Asha ke din". Automatically Aakrosh Divas will die and Aash Divas  with get birth0 0 Dear Sir,
The Demonetization of the notes 1000 and 500 has crippled the black money hoarders and Terrorist organizations. But do you think the illegal printing of the money hereon and hoardings of cash will stop after this. The initiative taken by you should not a one time thing , this initiative should continue after you are no more as well. The Credit cards and Debit cards have a expiry, why cannot the (paper note) currency have a expiry, say a period of 10 Years.0 0 Sir, you are doing a fantastic job. The demonitization move was excellent. 
However, i have a suggestion. Is it possible for you to hand over medals or recognition certificates to the bankers, workers at the mint, and all those working day and night to get the money moving? That will be a motivation and an appreciation for their hard work.
My dad worked for the RBI and I know a banker's responsibility.
Please consider my suggestion
Thanks
Priyanka, Bangalore0 0 Dear Modiji,
Dont stop half way. We have just started the journey. Rough roads are ahead, after that hope of beautiful road for journey is waiting. We have to make it.0 0 Ask all the banker to instruct there customers to write the Payee name along with there account number. And all the account number to be linked with aadhar number and pan number. Let a counter be opened at bank or other central government office to verify the Aadhar number and also issue fresh cards only after verification for duplication. Let the aadhar card be embedded with GPS and linked with specific phone number for tracking. All personal info to be feed in the aadhar card.0 0 Hon'ble Prime minister Sir,
VERY IMPORTANT
To cater to RURAL BANKING NEEDS, the nationalised & Private Sector Banks be immediately directed to proliferate into rural areas, by opening new branches, appointing more Micro ATMS, even if means giving concessions/subsidy by RBI to Banks under category of social activity.
It will generate employment & encourage villagers to get introduced to e-Transactions.
The BANKING SERVICE needs to be provided literally at the DOOR STEP, in RURAL AREAS.1 0 Sir,
I have an idea for lost people.
Pls make a Indian government mobile App where anyone can upload lost and found person details with image and others related information without any delay.
And this automatically share this with public sharing site/app like Facebook/whatsup/Twitter etc.
 So information shared to maximum people and help to needed without any delay for prompt action.
Rajender kalsain s/o sh Zile singh kalsain , village Kalanaur kalan
Rohtak Haryana 98962312740 1 Honourable PM Modiji..........I am a former Banker. I have a suggestion for IMMEDIATE DOUBLING OF the availability of issuable currency. New 2000 and 500 notes may be split in to two equal pieces.  Each split piece can be used as legal tender for Rs.1000 and Rs.250 respectively. THIS IS LEGALLY PERMITTED AS PER RBI NOTE REFUND RULES. If implemented within in no time availability and utility of new currency will be doubled. People's will get a big relief.0 0 Dear Prime Minister,
I request you to devote some sessions of man ki bath to the need of people to urgently resort to mobile banking.you may please spell out all the details like mobile applications of banks, national payment corporation,other applications like paytm,e - vallet,e-transactions etc.people are to be educated on about how a currencyless society can weed out corruption and black money.0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir,
To avoid stashing of cash, need policy to restrict availability of currency notes. Suggestions are:
1. Restrict withdrawal thru' ATMS, as existing Rs2000/- per withdrawal
2. Monthly withdrawal not to exceed Rs25000/-
3. Usage of any ATM, any no. of times be at no charge.
4. Limit higher cash withdrawal, only thru Banks with due procedure.
5. Make it MANDATORY by law for Essential Services to accept e-Payments
This will promote e-Acceptance.0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir,
IMPORTANT
Eff 3rd Dec,accepting old Rs500 notes,at Toll Plazas will be counterproductive as every one will present Rs500 note & expect change in smaller denomination. An easier & cheaper way to exchange old notes !.
This will create pressure of availability of smaller denomination currency at Toll Plazas & long queues will choke the flow of traffic leading to chaos & criticism.
Please make it MANDATORY for all TOLL PLAZAS to accept ONLY E-PAYMENTS thru' CARDS.0 0 I'm not sure whether my idea is covenient or not but I would like to suggest that if we motivate every poor common people to open the bank account and also provide them cheque book so they can communicate via cheque payment easily.Also I request every educated people should go with cashless procedures to support this Demonetization battle. Bank should provide cash only for small vendors & needy people where as others educated big people can work with online digital transactions.Thanks ModiG 🙏🏻0 0 Modi ji pls add something for bank employees who have worked very hard and also ensure that all bank employees are working honestly as there are some unnconfirmed rumours of bank managers changing money of people in large amount illegaly on commission. Pls tell them as if someone doing this then not only he is making the black money white but also he is directly or indirectly giving help to enemies and terrorists by making their money white.1 0 Postal-Agriculture-Railway mass integration: Might this utilize our rich and far out-reaching Postal System. Post-office can venture into commercial food transportation so that farmers can off-load their yield in post-office and get  credit to JANDHAN. Post office in turn will deliver food to every corner of demand through a national integration just like speed post. Any house in Bharat will can get vegetables directly from postman. Orders can be placed in Post offices in advance electronically.1 0 Respected PM modi ji
I want to highlight the condition of private school teachers of our country.as we all know that education system of a country plays an important role in developing a nation. My request is to make it mandatory to all private schools to pay teachers salary into their account...there is a big blackmony game played by pvt schools. They always aak their teachers to sign on blank register entry...1 0 Food coloring substances/ chemicals are of no use, more over most of them are harm full in one or other way for health, why cant we consider banning all of them to become first country to do so?1 0 In case we have decided to go cashless, please regulate the wallet companies under RBI / Govt. scanner otherwise chaos and corruption might just appear in even more sophisticated forms - like hacking etc. I would like to suggest to let Govt. alone have the universal platform for old, young, handicapped, multilingual with voice support so that no one is deprived. Such platform would reach every corner of the country thru BSNL and be regulated and controlled under strict vigilance of RBI.0 0 on demonetisation, please tell our citizens, 'Our govt did this so our children should grow up in an environment in which children of Sweden, Norway, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada grow up. Our govt did it so that our children should have a common future with those children'.1 0 Sir,just saw your video of today where you addressed the farmers to use mobile phones for payment scheme..But many of them dont even like to use debit cards.So i think the debit card issue is more immediate now, because asking people to pay through mobile phones will make the farmers scared.First debit cards and the term "net-banking" should be used.Because to a farmer payment through phone sounds misleading.0 0 Earlier children used to be abandoned like this but a few NGO's and Governments introduced Cradles for them.Can't we try a scheme or fund for the Black money.The people can deposit those amounts under that scheme.0 0 Sir, I totally agree with demonization. Really it's a bold step taken by u. I respect it.1 0 Namaskaar Sir, In light of prevailing demonetization, humbly wish to submit -
1. Blind can make out paper and coin currency by feeling them; however if we have decided to go cashless then I am not sure how they will operate electronic exchange. They may have to depend on someone to help them.
2. Aged citizens and illiterates again will find themselves in deep helplessness and confusion to transact electronically instead of conventional cash and may often end up being cheated.
Kindly consider0 0 apposition wale PM ke baare me kuch bhi bole lekin man hi man sochte hoge agar humne controversy nahi ki to janta to hame bhul hi jayegi.
aur
sach baat to yehi hai ki janta ko unki koi jarurat hi nahi hai jo har acchhe kaam me tang adaye. aise logo ko ab retire hona chahiye0 0 Sir, our roads, atleast in most cities are becoming a nightmare for drivers & pedestrians alike. The carriage way is shrunk due to hap hazard unauthorised parking, occasionally pavement parking, vendors & extension of shops onto pavements. Many instances of non-working signals & street lights contribute to the chaos. Road cutting works are never completed on time. Almost no one follows road rules, weaving in & out of traffic, like an obstacle course. Our accident record is hence not surprising.0 0 An Idea to stop bribe at govt offices.
Hello Mr.PM.
1.An individual/comp. rep. visits authorized typing service centers (monitor activities periodically) apply for any govt process.
Application fee collected there (with thatkal option).
2.application flows to document  verification dept.
3.then flows to concern department officer for approval.
4.after final approval applicant can collect certificate from a collection point.
Avoid manual presence 90%. Put SLA for a task.0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I am an NRI and now living in Canada, I fully support the decision of demonetization of Rs 500 and 1000 notes. I am sure you might have received similar queries from so many other NRIs and we want to know about disposal of our currency notes in Rs 500 and 1000, though it is small amount like 10-15 thousands but every NRI has similar amount with them. We do not have ant access to the Indian banks and for such a small amount it does not worth to travel to India. Pls advise.0 0 Award should be given who give valuable suggestion to government this will encourage people to take part in government activities0 0 aap apna Time Waste kyu karte ek jagah se dursi jagah jane ki liye aapke Time ki Value hai kyu ki Your Are The PRIME MINISTR Of India aap Maan Ki Baat bolte hai mere Father meri bhi to suno mein kitna dukh mein jinda hu.. aap bus apni sunate hai aao hamare beecha mein.. mein apne kuchh logo ke satha mil kar aapko Problem batana chahata hu chalo Video Conference karte pura India dekhe jise duniya dekhegi 25 logo har bade Squre Video Conference Sunte Dekhate Bolte Dena jarur jawab mere Question ka0 0 Our full support and respect for the bold step of demonization.
Input for moving towards a cashless society -
Please mention about *99# which can be dialed from any phone for banking transactions even without internet.
Users just need to dial *99# from their registered mobile number and can make payments by using account, mmid or aadhar number information of other party.0 0 pradhan mantriji ko mai ek binti karani chhati hu ki bahut sari kampaniyonke malikone apana kala dhan apane kamgar kejariye gora karakevapas leliya hai unako aap kaise sabak sikayenge0 0 cashless transaction k liye mera mat h ki abhi banks me logo ki line to lagi hui h,to vaha k kisi bankkarmi ko ek kam de dena chahiye ki vo apni mobile banking app logo ko download krwaye aur samjhaye ki ise kaise kam m lete h(like using led),app download krwane k liye vo hotspot bhi lagwa sakte h....ab ek samsya yeh aati h ki app se payment ki kabhi bhi jaroort pd sakti h..to 24 hr internet chahiye...to banks,Telecom companys se perticular app k liye free internet ki baat kr sakte h..jai hind0 0 In your conversation with us,stress on how black money is generated & less cash & more digital cash.like we pay in hotel in cash and they cancel the bill.tax paid by us in that bill doesn't reach Govt.retailer doesnt give bill & he stress factory to give material without bill. Stress on Effort by indian that whatever one buy the amount should reach to seller's bank account by the buyer stricly no cash.0 0 Mai pradhan mantriji ko ek binti karni karni chahati hu ki0 0 Dear sir at first we need to digitalize proof of life for pensioners as we have seen so many old people who are unable to walk to come and submit proof of life for receiving pension if we have some kind of biometric or live cam facility available from home to show the proof of life for elder people that would be the very good step for elder people at least who can't walk.0 0 Life Story of Narendra Modi 2016  - The struggles of his life under 7 minutes,
along with MODI JI latest interview in  2016 version0 0 On demonization : plz also ensure the unaccounted deposits Not get basic 4℅ interest rate ...jai hind0 0 Voter Id ki baat hai mein gaya Voter Id Form le kar BLO
ke pass Receipt Provide nhi ki E-mail kiya sabhi adhikari mera Voter Id ban gaya par unlogo kya jo E-mail nhi kar sakte aesa hota Govt Employee Mein baat ki thi Mr. Tapas Kumar bolte hum Receipt par Minimum Or Maximum written nhi de sakte hai.. mein bolo koi baat nhi.. par mujhe kisine Receipt di us par koi Particular Number nhi Form Miss ho gaya to bhul jao aapka koi Form aapne diya tha Aap Mujhe Jawab Di Jiye Warna Mein Jawab le Luga1 0 Dear Sir, I have a suggestion in driving licence acquiring process. if we have a sensor connected to car and create virtual obstacles with sign boards on the road, the Driver have to pass through the testing process physically however the performance of the driver will be recorded by sensor which records the footprints of a car. The system will give the performance report where the RTO will approve for licence through this we can able to eliminate bribes or process and will get a accurate driver2 0 India we have huge shortage of tree. PM Modiji Please sanction extra budget for tree plantation in India , In road , new garden , to reduce pollution in CITY and village. Inspire Indian to start plantation as you Inspire swachha Bharat Aviyan. Also Inspire Indian to Use Cycle and public transport as Jana Jagaran , You are a good Leader in India you can Inspire us to fight against Pollution0 0 Life Story of Narendra Modi 2016  - The struggles of his life under 7 minutes,
along with MODI JI latest interview in  2016 version2 0 India need More and More pilot training Institute, In India there are huge shortage of Pilot . Honorable PM Modiji Please think how to increase More Pilot training Institute in India . India want to export pilot in future. Today India Importing Pilot.3 0 Respected PM sir,i am a boy of 18 who is very small to give you advice about security of our nation but almost every 2nd day we are losing our soldier's .so a thought came in my mind to make our defence system more powerful by linking ministry of defence with IITs and other technical institutions and promote defence engineering in these institutions as the students studying in these institutes are extremely genius and they can make some unbelievable instruments related to defence.1 0 Hi,
bahot saari baate jo me karna chahta hu aapse. Mein Rule and Regulation jana chata But Online PDF File Available nhi hai. kya karu. Swacha bharat ki baat Indore ki buri halat hai Orignal Photos kabhi bhej do aapko to kya hoga mujhe nhi pata..
meri Complanit bahot kyu ki mein Normal Person hu pershan rahta chhote chhote Rule se jo mujhe nhi pata kaha padhu Online kahi bhi Update nhi Aapne wo 400 kon se Rule And Regulation the jo band kardiye
Aap Mujhe Jawab Di Jiye Warna Mein Jawab le Luga2 0 Sir,
I want to give you an idea regarding use of cashless money. In our country there are many liquor(alcohol ) shops. At these places if you make it mandatory to use only cashless money, then it will be beneficial for everyone. Because only those people buy alcohol who have sufficient money and that type of persons can surely pay by card payment. Black money also controlled. And those who are poor ,who have no card or phone ,they can't able to buy and indirectly there money will saved.
Thanks1 0 Due to delay in availability of notes for more than 2 weeks, now the poor daily wadge labours are suffering at most. Please pay attention to this class urgently and give them some helping hands as well as motivation in your speech for good days.0 0 Each and every note there should be expire date. After expire date that note should me invalid0 0 We support demonetization move but Government need to be cautious of generation of black money. Few Suggestions:
1. Limited acceptance of cash by banks depending upon turnover of dealer
2. Non acceptance of cash by either sides of matrimonial parties
3. Banking Transaction Tax @ 1% with permissible exemptions
4. Tax deduction at source @ 20%, if cash transactions exceed permissible limits
5. Punishment for demanding payments in cash. People may be encouraged to respond
Regards0 0 Our dear Prime Minister Narendra Modi,
sir,I want to add my suggestions into your the 26th episode of Mann Ki Baat. I want see my country cash-less (not really cash-less),that people must use plastic money, I mean debit cards or e-wallets,net banking etc.I also motivate people to use their cards etc. for paying any amount even for Paani-Puri & autos & car & taxies. PM Sir,tell the whole country to move towards digital modes of payment options.
RAJA KUMAR RABIDAS,RAJDHANWAR,GIRIDIH,JHARKHAND0 0 Dear OM Sir. One, thousands of crores are being deposited by n Jan Dhan accounts. Clearly this is black money of some one else who on commission basis deposits money in someone's account. Freeze this money for next 10 years after scrutinising the account. Use this money for country. Second. shortage of cash in the banks is due to deposits of Banned notes. We get 100 Rs note everyday but don't deposit in bank for fear. Ensure we ain't harassed on routine deposits of new/ 100 Rs notes.0 0 Sir, I recently visited Bhopal and Indore from USA. Problem is Muncipality. Maximum corruption. At ground level, we need to detect corruption done at municipality level. They are misusing funds for personal gain. You need to come up with a way to bring transparency.0 0 Respected PM as already mentioned earlier to implement digital transaction & would like to add you on the same Please start educating people through a camp or training sessions for those who are not aware of using online & digital  & cashless transactions.0 0 Modiji, I need 10 minute time to meet with you. I can help in a big way.0 0 1)use online ticket system in toll booth -help of machine used in Kerala RTC buses
2)ask all banks to remove light in branch name display board
3) reduce / remove all type of online charges like SBI's rs-50 for branch to branch transfer,irctc booking charges, atm usage charge in pos machine and many more
4)implement a system like,a customer sign a paper,the bank reduce a fixed amount say rs 10/20 in every month from account and cedited to Government's account and must be used for poor people.1 0 Sir, I can build a Software program for free so that all property information can be collected online. We need to look for benami transactions and only digitization will help. Do not stop now, Young generation need to participate in a big way by using smart phone and recording any illegal activity.0 0 sir.....
 what can i say don't know just says we are always with you...0 0 In your radio address, request each younger generation to become a cop. If they detect any fraud like black money, lots of cash, iiregularity by bank manager in any bank, their own house, their neighrhood, ask them to make a video recording from smart phone. Setup dedicated force by hiring recent accountants and asking them to coordinate with Tax agencies and look at video footages. Any one buying luxury cars, property, foreign tickets must be looked at by Tax department.1 0 Demonetization Great move. Sir, please link all bank accounts with finger printing authentication of every individual and link PAN/Adhar card with finger printing. Multiple PAN card have been issued to same person for fraud. By linking each PAN with finger printing authentication, we can eliminate duplicate. Need to have a One Property Registry online (All over India) and request all to enter the data. Attach each Property with a PAN and Adhar. Ask for PAN Card # for wife, husband and kids.0 0 Hi Sir,
My point here is about Swacch bhaarat. For any Indian to put Hands together for this mission there should be driving factor from Govt & related entities involved here. For Eg. If a family is travelling, the only opt for them is public toilets. But the public toilets in all govt/pvt bus stands are expensive(For gents 5/- & for women 8/- and even 10/- as well)@ the same time not swacch. on an avg per person per day 40 -50/-!!.please take action to provide quality and affordable toilets.0 0 Dear Modi ji, Make payment compulsorily at petrol pump over PoS machine. And ensure that no charges are debited to account of payer or any charges in percentage to petrol dealer. Or fix charge amount say rupees 1-5 payable to oil dealer for using POS.0 0 Sir, tax should be in such a way that it is very less and should be taken from each and every person who is earning something.And this system should be transparent so that people can see their money being utilised. Eg. For toll tax , there should be some display board showing the already calculated amount to be collected. Whenever a person pays the toll tax, immediately those hundred rupees should be deducted. As soon as it becomes zero,the toll tax should be stopped being imposed on the public.0 0 Sir, my suggestion to improve law and order in our country. All over india stop recruitment in state police dept.we know most currupt and shameless dept is police dept.Recruit in only army. Fix optimum age for army service then transfer to there state for police dept. pension amount reduce reservation issue solve
Army culture will help us to improve law and order effectively.
Curruption issue most of solve due to army training.indirect big benefit.Pension amount after retirement of army force0 0 Shrimanji, I have attached a one-page note comment on Judicial system in India and reforms urgently required there.
Regards, Asha Rao0 0 Dear Modi ji, ask each citizen to make payment to Milkman, kirana shop vendor, vegetable shops through mobile banking. Or at least ask to teach them once.0 0 Dear Modiji,
In order to achieve the cashless economy in our country we need access to cheap internet to everybody. But the present base rate of internet in India extremely huge. If not subscribed to any package, we have to pay more than ten thousand rupees for just 1GB of data. If the phone's data connection is on by mistake, all the money in our SIM account will be finished within few seconds. So I am requesting your kind intervention to get cheap internet everybody using money from SIM a/c.0 0 Sar namaskar me apka bada fan hu sar mujhe ye lagta hain ke bahar ke deso me online cashless 80-90 paran gain hamare desh me 10-parsan hain agar him ye badhakar 50 - parsan bhi kar sake to kaladhan rukega aideshdigitalbanega cardsrsubpaent ho to krantiayege logoko samjhana honga offer dene padege banjo ko jagrutta lani padege me to ye keh tahu ke sar hospital Ayr jha cash jyada isal hota gain vaha cashless kijiye sar dulamdaro loachine ke kamlari Jo Ayr kam bajet me machineile chiragakadiya0 0 My Role in National Building,A letter to P.M.
Please support my Research/cause by tweeting
#IRespectRamarajyam0 0 Namaskar sir mai aap se kafee pravawit hu or aap ko hm apna aadarash maanta hu OR aap jo maan ki baat krte hai usi jitna v tarif kri jae o kam hai0 0 Sir,  to avoid black money is impossible in our country having poor middle and higher classes. Avoiding black money is not more important . It is important to keep circulating money.the only thing is to add validity date upto one year to each and every currency note so that no one can keep currency idle in there house. Jai hind0 0 Sir,
Away from the trending # topics
1.Can u PIONEER politically mature debates of the US kind on issues that matter.
2.A pressing request for u to appeal to people to show respect to POLICE PERSONNEL.No One sees their lives from within.I'm a daughter of one, have seen lives of subordinate officials closely. They deserve far better dignity of life, of the kind army recieves.They serve the country too & need constant motivation.
3.Why is it so difficult for girls to join TERRITORIAL ARMY :(0 0 Sir,please provide incentives to people who use debit cards so that more people will be active on digital platform and will b1 0 Respected sir,it is really very shameful to say that people of our indian society are still following the tradition of dowry in the age of digitalization.Not even dowry there are many traditions which involves lot of baseless expeditures in the marriages that are followed in order to maintain so called status and pride.It is shamefull that the educated and well earning people are also following such things.The money wasted in the name of marriages can also be given to poor and needy ones #AIR0 0 Hello sir.demonstration drive u introduced is good.in future all transactions should b done only through cards. help to eradicate black money completely..importand should given to agriculture,employment.join all the river to solve water problem.no people should starve for food, no beggers for food..help people to get loan easily..give more important to farmer ,u fix the price for products.0 0 Sir ! Excellent step for removing black money. 100% I support for it.Two or more ATM at one location should have RS. 100 one ATM and 2nd ATM should have RS. 2000 note.It will solve the money changing amount at some extant.Best of luck  for your future action.0 0 Manniya Modi ji,
I want to share Mere #MannKiBaat to you.
I hope you receive my attached letter & a token of appreciation to you.
God bless you.
Regards,
Isha Manekia0 0 Sir you have mentioned in your speeches that people will throw money in Ganga or burn it to avoid investigations.
I would suggest to start a Jandhan account where people hoarding black money can deposit their money anonymously. Use this money to subsidise smartphones for Jandhan account holders and EBC so India can truly become digital.
Sir please let the truly oppressed class find some happiness in their misery.0 0 Respected beloved Modi saheb
   I would like to share my views to talk about in your man ki baat is,
   Under digital india program, pl. Start with e payment to railway as current ticket booking to ticket window by providing swiping machine to booking clerk. so that time will save & exchange of money will also be eliminated. My request is to start all gov. Transactions thru swipe machine only. Gov. Must take initiative every time to set example.
  Jai Hind0 0 Dear sir sabse pehle to mai aapko very very thankyou bolna chahunga..."honest country honest PM (MODI JI)",,,,
     lekin sir aapne kabhi junral balo ke bare mai socha hai kya  kyonki sir har janrul candidate ameer ni hota.....
     "please sir reserv on Genral"0 0 Media is a name of freedom then is it mean that they do not follow traffic rules.
why media persons don't wear helmet while driving.0 0 Sir apportionment of found is not properly done.There should b a minimum level of cash reserved for senior citizen daily0 0 Dear Modiji,Note bandhi k aap  faisale k pura Bharat aap k saath hai.Hum bhi hamara chota sahyog aap ko de sakte hai Gas cylinder k roop agar subsidy amt Rs.200 se kum ho toh hum bhi subsidy transfer mat karwaiye....0 0 Respected Modi Sir
I have one more suggestion, there are thousands of Petrol pumps across India ,most of them from Govt owned HPCL, BPCL,IOC
Why not incentivise or advise them to build and maintain separate clean toilets for visitors, they can keep it free or even charge visitors 2₹ for usage, it'll surely go a long way in addressing problems of open defecation,thereby ensuring success of Swach Bharat Mission0 0 Dear sir....please talk about declaration of gold items like black money under IDS.....and do some action on people who accumulate Gold purchased from their black money.....0 0 All State Transport conductors existing ticket vending machine can be linked to POS terminals and passengers can carry a pre-paid multi purpose utility card...RuPAY..They can top it as and when they like it..from their main banking account..without the fear of security/hacking.
They can pay all utilities,including toll,electricity,railways etc...If Somnath temple can have e-payments, why not all such big temples...mandate it...Our GDP is underesttmated due to cash transactions...zillion effect0 0 Till today.
People like merwan cake  shop,datta snacks, tailors,farsanwala, chemist,grocery shops, ..They proudly say  that or put board on the counter...saying...." we do not accept cards or   only cash "....I suggest we should go to their shops and act for purchasing good quantity of items. .at be 500-1000 rs ..and later. .go away...from the counter ..If they do not accept card or any other cashless mode of transaction. ...I am sure. ..loss of 10/15 customers will immediately impact their dec1 0 Sir I would like to request you that we should more focus on youth in politics because they are young so they can work more and they can give better idea as they are aware of new technology so they can apply these modern techniques easly.Youth wants to work with you.If you will see we have hardly youth politician in BJP so its request that we should involve youth candidates in upcoming elections.0 0 Common man has supported our PM's decision ..
And shown all support in implementation. 
 But...now it will be onus our government and  banking system to properly utilise the available Cash and have control on NPA..effective utilisation of available Cash i
Otherwise public will loose faith in banking system and government .and all  will have to go back in 1000 years back era .0 0 Respected Modi Sir
Demonetisation drive introduced by you is an excellent initiative and has helped in bringing loads of ill-gotten wealth to the banking system, it has also removed fake currency from circulation. If u can present some figures like how much has been collected to far, extent of fake currency removed from system and how this move has helped bring banks for the unbanked like Amul , Tea, Jute workers in Assam WB it'll be really helpful in convincing people about it's success0 0 Sir, here i propose the unique solution to the ayodhya problem. We can build a grand monument which houses the worship places of all the religions present on the face of planet. A monument which represents the beliefs and faith of all mankind can be called as “Temple of Humanity”. The details of this idea are attached with this message. #MannKiBaat #MyGov #AyodhyaSolution #BabriDemolition #RamMandir @narendramodi @PMOIndia #peace #AIR @#PMOnRadio0 0 Why everyone is fretting and fuming on demonetisation...when they travel abroad whether they carry currencies or plastic money ? Garlands of cash, splurging cash in marriages/Poojas to be made a public offence.  If they can shop on-line...put a ban on COD sales...All merchants and traders /vendors/Temples/Charitable organisation/Edn institution be provided POS terminals and incentivise the traders for digital transactions.Like credit on soft terms
Direct Benefit-no dole out-no Dhan--fruit0 0 This is just a suggestion, the companies should charge money for use of plastic and glass bottles for daily used items. Once the bottle is returned, the person would get a voucher to use it at a shop. It has been implemented in Denmark and I was impressed how it incentivised people on recycling and keeping their premises clean. Here's on of the information links: http://www.pro-e.org/Denmark
It has also been suggested in the UK to implement this, http://tinyurl.com/j2ygfxz
Thank you.Good luck0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Sir,
Demonetization has not hit the black money, corruption and terrorism only but in my opinion it is the biggest blow on the governing system adopted from brits after independence which was designed for a slave India and was based on the ideology that Indians are dishonest where as the golden principle of your esteemed self is that majority of the people of this country are honest. The nation had gone through many political disasters and people have overcome all.0 0 Respected PM Sir, please devise a method so that the MPs both at Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha debate on people's problems with decency and with purpose and not to waste precious time and money of the public during sessions of both the houses of parliament.  please take oath and bond from the MPs at the time of swearing ceremony that if they waste time they agree for punishment and disciplinary action of permanent rustication from the house of people or Rajyasabha for whatever they are elected.0 0 1.  Make it mandatory for builders to provide temp/mobile toilets to constn workers. In the absence of it they defecate in open space.  Similarly any congregation/convention/mela/festivals, the organizers must provide mobile toilets and sanitize post the venue post the function.  In National Highways public convenience as in J&K Kargil-Leh road..be provided...The public toilets in temple towns are filthy and neglected even in rich temples like Somnath, Dwaraka....Let us start with 7 mokshapuris
0 0 Please provide the small currencies like 100 & 500 rupees new notes towards villages so it will make this compaign successful towards black money.1 0 Sir as I am a govt.  Servant I would like to request you that pls implement the digitalization as early as possible so it will help to improve our system against black money as well as it will also lead to sincerity & punctuality. & implement the finger print punching system with digital id card for attendance.0 0 Sir there are lots of people at officer level who has taken the pan card & aadhar card of their worker to exchange the old notes.0 0 Sir I would like to request u that please link the details of facilities available(like TV, freeze, home, gold , silver, cash etc etc) with each individual with pan card & aadhar card or have a declaration of all above from each individual so we will be able to control black money.0 1 The Banks are not accepting notes printed before 2005. they are saying go to RBI for changing it. i was not even aware of such a ruling .they are not fake currency. please direct banks to accept it. it will benefit the public who are as it standing in line. public should be allowed to deposit it in their account.may be announced in mann ki baat0 0 Dear PM,
Root cause of all problems in our nation is HUGE POPULATION and this issue is being ignored.
All shops, wedding hall owners, caterers, DJs and all retail shops are earning much more than IT professionals but not paying a single penny to the government. Please control.0 0 Sir,you should ask our youth to set up startups for making biodegradable bags made of corn starch or rice or to set up small cottage industries for converting plastics into green fuel or for making clothes made up of plastics (as was done by Nike in designing Indian cricket team shirt during ICC world cup).These small steps would firstly prevent our environment from pollution ,help unemployed youth to earn,will make our economy strong and will strengthen the Make in India project.0 0 Sir mp bhopal m c m house k bahut chakkar lga chuka hu pr mujhe c m s bhi nhi milne dia gya. Isliye ap s hi bat krne ka moka mila to apko yha k tehsil s lekr collectrate tk m bhrshtachar fela h. Sir plz call me 9893069494..0 0 Most Respected Shri Narendra Modi Ji, Saadar Pranaam. 
I appreciate the #demonetization scheme and in full support of it. After 50 days, may the first day of new year 2017 come with more stability & prosperity with 0% of corruption... I have composed a message for all Indians, sharing with you. If you like it you could include in your Mann Ki Bat. 
Best Regards,0 0 Dear PM Modiji,I appreciate and like to salute you for this historical decision on demonetization.I also appreciate your introduction of Rs.2000, as I feel and think that it got some good property, which is great advantage to Govt.of India in many aspect.Now it will be all responsibility of Govt. to flow these all black money to the poor people and farmers.My Sugg.from this money Pl. introduce one official department of dedicated and honest people who only focus and handle Farmer/BPL/Unemploymt.1 0 Tackling Black-money in gold: Apply a provisional tax  (not custom duty) of 40% on gold imports, the provisional tax is refunded if the gold jewelers sell thru cashless transactions. They still pay any income tax that they are due. The gold jewelers also should report the cash they have with them daily or weekly to a compliance register which can be looked to tally books. Small mismatches are ok to prevent harassment of the jewelers.0 0 Nmste sir.... Meri samsya bahut bdi bhrshtachar ki h jisse 4saal s mujhe pareshn kia ja rha h. .. Abhi bhi poori bat likh kr di thi pr usko yha s bhi hta dia gya.. sir plz call me 9893069494. .. budhni.0 0 Respected Sir,
First I congrats you for great step
My suggestion is if we design one program in which transaction made by debit/credit card.At the time of payment amount split in two portion one is shopkeeper portion and another govt portion
suppose any one by 100000 machine vat is charge @12% it means 12000 automatically transfer to govt a/c no need to deposit by shopkeeper0 0 The citizens are entitled to have healthy food. The Govt must take strong action against food adulterators.  They must be charged for attempt to murder and not let off with fines. This should be next priority of this.0 0 Respected Sir,
i would like to suggest you that through this platform u should speak about a movement just like the  SWACHATA ABHIYAN on the problem of the primary education a movement by naming SHIKSHA ABHIYAN  in which each student of this country is expected to educate atleast five students so that we will certainly able to eradicate the problem which has been affecting our country since independence.
Please appeal through this platform to all students to participate in this movement.0 0 Many states including tamilnadu govt schools. No toilet facility for boys/girls They went open. Make necessary steps in this regard- CLEAN INDIA2 0 Please provide special benefits to employees of military , railway and all other 24×7 working department,
Now days bank employees also.1 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir, If I may have to express my viewpoint here, then with utmost respect, I most humbly submit that, almost every citizen of India has welcomed and appreciated the demonetization move. However, a significant number of people are unable to understand the introduction of the Rs 2000 note (denomination). Therefore your honour, you may be pleased to address or clarify it, in your next "Mann Ki Baat" programme. With Regards - Kiran.1 0 In Gram Panchyat there should be Four year plan instead of Five year plan.0 0 Sir, For swaach politics, you should allow the Govt employees to contest in the elections,educated and intellegent persons often got govt jobs. If they elected they will temporary resign the job and after terms gets over, they will join job again.Today Govt employees are not allowed to join politics or contest elections, thats why currupts get a chance to contest and win elections..hope sir you will also give a chance to the right persons to lead our country in right direction..1 0 It should also compulsory for all MLA to visit all indian state instead of foreign visit specially north east state.1 0 It should be compulsory for all MP and MLA to contribute PradhanMantri rahat kosh & mukhyamantri rahat kosh of respective states.0 0 i have a question when you ban 500 and 1000 rupee some hospital and  other govt. organisation are saying we will not accept it what will you do for them who not obeys govt. rule?1 0 Please provide diesel subsidy for every former,
Maximum limit upto 50ltr or according to agricultural land size, and process similar to lpg subsidy.2 0 Sir Modi,
 after demonetization period 2000 rs note will inc black money and corrupted people will ask money now in 2000 rs note...as they will still do the corruption work bcz they r good in that
i want to suggest that the only way to solve this prob is by putting a cap on cash transaction ..max transaction to be done using cash is 1-2 lakh without pan card and 4-5 lakh with pan card and beyond 5 lakh u have to traction online..rest all rejected .1 0 Respected PM..to make a clean india..i think the first place to be cleaned is the government departments which is directly under your control. There is corruption in every nook and corner of india. I don't understand how far this black money war is going to be successful when there is corruption even in vigilance and enforcement departments..so sad in my region sales tax officers collecting just 2500 as bribe from cracker shop owners who are liable to pay lakhs of rupees as tax.0 0 Respected Sir, Can we think of a world where Education and Healthcare is free for all the Citizens. India will be the Happiest and the most Innovative and Technologically advanced Country in the world.0 0 To reduce the hues lines of banks and ATMs, I want to suggest some ideas
 1)Declare holding of CASH more than 50,000 as punishable offense.
 2)all transitions more than 10,000 should be done by online or via ATMs.
please think on these suggestions seriously .0 0 Sir if demonitision is the war against corruption then you are the prime minister and we are the soldiers in this war0 0 For persons of unorganised sector we usually open Small Savings or PMJDY a/cs. From today deposit of SBN are not allowed in small savings ac's & how the black money hoarders are misusing PMJDY ac's is already brought to ur notice. If we open normal SB ac then the black money hoarders will be presented with a bigger opportunity to convert the black into white by paying commission to the account holders from unorganised sector. I suggest to minimise the opening of ac's during demonetisation.0 0 Rspected Sir,
.         in your mann ki bat programs plz sir share your view on Mobile Banking and for more promoting Online transactions, I request to you that either reduce Service Tax or At Zero tax so its helpful for public to more using online transaction0 1 Respected Sir,
My suggestion to ask the children's to join for cleaning of roads in their respective cities or towns. It should be made compulsory once a week for every school.
Also elder students to help traffic police to manage city traffic.
This will develop self awareness amongst students who are future citizens of India.
Jai hind.
Samir Rawal
Ahmedabad.1 0 Celebrating spirit of Lachit Borphukan who is as much A hero in North east as Shivaji is in west / south India and Maharana Pratap is in North India. Please integrate North east culturally by embracing their heroes0 0 Honourable PM Sri Modi Ji
Being a banker, I fully support the demonetisation decision by your govt. I would like to inform that queues / footfalls have reduced significantly in banks compared to the first 10 days of demonetisation.We the bankers of Karnataka have worked 14 days in last 15 days. Tomorrow, 4th Saturday of this month we have been instructed to conduct camps for opening if accounts of unorganised sector/persons. On this subject I write to inform that for persons of unorganised0 1 Namaskar ji,
Why 2000Rs note is brought into system ?
Sincerely
Manikiran0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister,
I appreciate your historic decision on demonetization which would prove a turning point of
Indian economy. Being an educator and I strongly feel that we need to make India digitally
strong but our youngsters waste their precious time in chatting,messaging and gaming.
It would certainly make big difference if you advise our youth to reduce their screen time and do something substantial to contribute to nation building.
with regards
Rakesh Semalty
Ghaziabad, UP0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister,
I appreciate your historic decision on demonetization which would prove a turning point of
Indian economy. Being an educator and I strongly feel that we need to make India digitally
strong but our youngsters waste their precious time in chatting,messaging and gaming.
It would certainly make big difference if you advise our youth to reduce their screen time and do something substantial to contribute to nation building.
with regards
Rakesh Semalty
Ghaziabad, UP0 0 School dress is becoming a concern for people of all classes and specially poor who try to afford good schooling but then are concerned with books and dress.  The schools have made it a business with making it compulsory. They play in such a way that color is same but there is stripes on lower class means a student of KG Will wear pullover with stripes and wen promoted to class 1 will have to wear plain pullovers.now they are getting buttons on shirt with school name.there need to be uniformity.0 0 Please focus on middle class families as well. Your decision for banning notes was not well planned. If this could have been worked out before the announcement the picture will be different.
Today people have to stand in queues for hours to change the money, loosing there one day pay or leave. Now it is bit OK but this should be thought of in the begning. All the ATM as dry with no money. The Rs 2000 notes which we are getting from ATM, there is no change in the market to change.1 0 Government should start e-wallet app that may be some kind of similar to paytm and made it mandatory to every shopkeeper to register them to that app.This would be the best way to promote cashless transactions.Today we have very limited shops of daily use that accept e-payment.Even if we want to pay online we have limited options available. If government really want citizens to go cashless it would be a mile stone step in this regard! #myGov1 0 Big bazar n petrol pumps are giving rs 2000 on swipe of debit card/credit card. This scheme of cash disbursement could be extended all the POS machines( ie card swipe machine). In India we have around 14 lakhs + such machines.0 1 Dear Sir,
Please forbid educational institutions from forcing parents to pay fees for six months in advance. It puts lots of burden on parents and also generates black money.0 1 Demonetisation to be followed with 1.ban on purchase of goods n services above certain limit say 20000 in cash at any shop or retail outlet. It wil stop use of black money in consumption. It wil also ensure collection of indirect taxes. 2. All transaction in agriculture Mandi above 50000 trough banking channel. Rs 50000 wil cover marginal n small farmers. 3. All agriculture having sale above rs 5 or 10 lakh to be taxed at some rate may be based on low rate of 4% prsumpative tax.rate.0 1 sir , iam an idian living in a state that is not at all democratic , a girl speaking up because she want to be free to choose and speak. in india it doesnt matter if u are educated or not what speaks is corruption and money, even u stoped black money but people are still changing bulk, sir iam an girl who was forced by a guy to be with him infact til date forced reason he is gunda. sir atankwad kaise jaengy jab hum indians ke beech aise 100 hai police system sab paise pe jee ra#PMO#AIR#INDIAN0 1 sir, even if 3 lack crores out of about 15 lack crores of demonitized currency found black money,please distribute the same amongst all 30 crore Indian families, 10,000 each through their bank accounts, as the overdraft to spend through their rupay card, by which about 36 lack crores of business per annum will become accountablity,and the government will get all taxes and again that revenue will be spent for the welfare of the Indian people and everyone will be happy,which is SRI RAMA RAJYAM0 0 Hi sir wish u a good health
I want u to link all the undisciplined driving fines to aadahar card & this can be seen by all the employer & this helps to judge the person.who he is..safe & diciplined driving is everyone's resp not gov. One who is irresponsible in public should not be given the responsible job in company. Each individual should be held responsible for what mistake he has done.Gov should take initiative to make every citizen more responsible0 0 Sir,We all think that demonetisation will be good for our country
But now we all are living in fear about our future. All industrialists,traders,staffs have doubt about their future occupation.At present there is no business at all.By being idle all are talking negatively and there is negativity all around.It seems that few people may go into deprecation.So,I request you do take some step Sir.
All are sufferers of the flaw system since independence and now everyone want to live in fair system.0 0 Respected Modi ji, Plz talk about demonetisation this time,there is lot of confusion in general public and also inconvience.The worst affected are patients,those having marriages due to non availability of cash in banks and ATMs.I support demonetisation move but at the same time like to tell u honestly that the home work was not done well ....and if the things r not sorted out early....especially cash deficiency is not met early...things may turn bad n opposition will further exploit situation.0 0 I WANT THAT MODIJI SHOULD SPEAK ABOUT THE PROBLEMS FACED BY THE FAMILIES AND CONDOLENCES TO PEOPLE WHO HAD SUFFERED DUE TO DEMONETIZATION WHO HAD TO STAND IN LONG QUES. AND TELL THE PEOPLE TRUTH ABOUT THE DEMONETIZATION AND IT'S LARGE POSITIVES OUTCOMES AND ON COUNTRY ECONOMY. PLS. THANK ALL THE BANK PEOPLE WHO ARE WORKING SO HARD. AND UR MESSAGE SHOULD REACH AT THE GRASSROOTS IN ALL LANGUAGES. AND PLS TELL THE PEOPLE TO HELP EACH OTHER IN THIS TIME. WHO NEED CASH FOR MARRIAGE,FEES,HOSPITAL ETC.0 0 Dear Modiji,  There are lot of excellent schemes for the poor but most of the leaders are not implementing the schemes honestly. Even a handful of schemes implemented honestly our India become the richest in the world, the most intelligent Indian people will come back to their motherland from different parts of the world.  Please do something to get back the cream. Most of the Indian parents are forced to go to old age homes or feeling lonely. May God bless U with long life.Long live1 0 The incident I saw made me to come here and write to you with a hope that you will talk on this topic. Please pardon me for any grammatical error because I had my pre board paper tomorrow. But yes I really want that this topic will be discussed .
You’re sincerely
Nitika Srivastava.1 0 I just want thatthrough your “man ki baat “ you urge everyone to be more sensitive towards this issue and make everyone aware that how they have to respond or react   at their own level at this time   because tomorrow anyone us can be in the place of that women .And you also ask state governments to make maximum green corridor for AMBULANCES so that our own people can reach to hospital at time. Becozse it is very painful tolisten thathe or she would be alive if you bought them 5min.before1 0 Dear PM,Can we do a campaign for for mandate organ donation which will help our Army as well as civilians.I am sure it's not so easy step but i am sure you can find some alternate way. But if this success all Indian should have right to get free organ transplant treatment.
We should have a happy and healthy India.1 0 Respected sir,
Today I want to talk on one the most ignored topic that is the attitude of people after seeing an AMBULANCE. While coming from school, day bfre yesterday I heard the siren of AMBULANCE but unfortunately no one gave way to that AMBULANCE I can clearly see a women crying inside it but I doubt how everyone was unable to see that.