The cases of missing children are increasing day by day, however the recovery data is not very positive. As we all know that most of the missing children are abducted and trafficked for various reasons. The time is an essence to locate these missing children. The more time passes to locate a missing child, lesser are the chances of tracing the child. Therefore, it is felt that the use of social media can play a pivotal role in searching missing children. The Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) has suggested to create a web portal where citizens, parents and guardians can report a missing child without losing much time. Therefore, the Ministry of Women and Child Development with the assistance of National Informatics Centre is proposing to develop a web portal “KhoyaPaya” for reporting and searching of missing children for parents and guardians. 
The proposed web portal ‘KhoyaPaya’ will have information of missing and sighted children and these children may be vulnerable. Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act 2000 and Protection of Children against Sexual Offices Act 2012 (POCSO), prohibits publication of information about vulnerable children without permission of the competent authority.  Therefore, the Ministry of WCD has also set up a Committee to address various issues related to child protection and to ensure that the rights of the children are not violated.
The proposed web portal “KhoyaPaya” is in the process of development and the Ministry of WCD had organized an orientation workshop on 10 March 2015 for the selected NGOs working for rescue and rehabilitation of vulnerable children for testing the “KhoyaPaya” portal. At present the software is under testing before its official launch.
Beta version of the proposed web portal “KhoyaPaya” is being launched as http://khoyapaya.gov.in for all to access. We seek your active participation, engagement and support in making this initiative of the Government a grand success. Through this discussion we request all to provide feedback/suggestions on the beta version of the portal and enrich with your valuable suggestions, feedback and comments.
Last date for sending your suggestions is 30th April, 2015.
