Khadi is not merely a piece of cloth. It is a philosophy. A way of life. A symbol of empowerment, self-dependence, pride of history, Mahatma Gandhi’s vision of the relevance of roots.
As Hon’ble PM Narendra Modi on his radio program “Mann ki Baat” on 3rd October, 2014 said that “we must promote the use of Khadi and we should buy at least one Khadi article. If you buy Khadi, you light the lamp of prosperity in the house of the poor”.This appealled to an increase in Khadi sales by 125% at the various outlets in India. This reflects a latent demand for Khadi, which needs to tapped which in turn will create rural employment. Potential consumers of Khadi could be schools, hospitals, Railways, PSUs, Army, Para-military forces, Fashion houses etc.
USP of the Khadi product is its eco-friendly, almost carbon neutral nature, which leaves near zero water footprints. It is socio-economically sustainable textile product. It’s an all-weather and allergy free fabric. Hence, Khadi use is a step towards ‘Zero Effect’ and ‘Zero Poverty’ India.
Currently, people employed in Khadi sector are earning Rs.1200 to Rs.1800 per month. MGIRI Wardha has developed a Solar Charkha which can increase the earnings to four times the existing one, cutting the drudgery along.Taking the initiative forward, MoMSME is going to start a pilot project in the KHANWA village, Nawada district of Bihar, where 100 Solar Charkhas would be distributed to the rural women for spinning of yarn. Under buyback arrangement with ‘Gram Nirmaan Mandal, Khadi Sansthan, GAYA, these yarns would be weaved into Khadi products. This scheme islikely to provide Rs.5000 to 8000 per month to the women artisans.This model of wage earnings to the rural women has to be scaled up so as to achieve the visionary goal of providing job opportunities to crores of rural women in coming years.
This, in turn is expected to lay a platform for another visionary goal of increasing the market share of Khadi in the textile sector from present 0.4% to 5% in next Five years in first phase.
In pursuance of the above twin visionary goals, you are requested to give your valuable inputs on
1. How to enhance the production and sale of Khadi?
2. How to create a niche for Khadi products particularly among youths and about 2.5 crore NRIs living abroad?
3. How to foster awareness about Khadi products?
